Sony and Honda want to gamify your commute.
Gamifying driving is probably an impossible task because any address this crisis or need scenario introduces an unsafe thought into people.
Because even commuting itself introduces unsafe thoughts into people.
The best game in a two-ton death machine is the one they're playing IRL and safety isn't able to be gamed.
This is the New Year layoff deja vu avoiding intro.
Now it's time for your hosts Rob Roberts, Jamie Somerson, Loki to tell you more about these and the rest of the week's gaming news.
Starting right now on the show, wherever gamer has a voice.
Hello my friends out there on the internet and welcome back to another week of the show where every gamer has a voice.
It is Orange Lounge Radio and we are live once again with episode number 989 of our show for tonight, January the 14th of 2024.
My name is Rob Roberts and I'm joined here in the studio each and every week with my co-hosts.
Say hello first off to the one and only DarkSakura or Jamie Somers.
Hello, hello, how are you?
My eyes are having a very bad allergy attack.
Oh no, that's no fun.
I might have to go take some more Sudafed, even though the rest of me feels fine.
I even got my steroid cream out.
I'd say fun, but that doesn't sound like any fun at all, actually.
I know the weather's been wild across the country.
Yeah, it's it's California cold here this week, which is, you know, that's that's very cold for us.
But for the rest of the nation, for the most part, it's it's oh, my God, fucking freezing.
No, thank you.
That's why I don't live there type weather.
We were we were certainly a lot colder earlier this week, though, than we are now.
That's true.
And to answer PodCulture's question about that's what, 60?
It's 52 here.
But sometimes when I would go into work, it would still be in the low 30s.
So that's really cold for Northern California and not in the like mountainous area.
We're in a valley, so this place actually traps heat like a pocket.
That's why I call this the convection oven of California.
But apart from, you know, Satan's parched asshole.
That's the summer.
Yeah, that's the summer.
And also that's Fresno.
Let's be clear.
I don't know.
I thought Fresno would be something a little bit more desolate.
But yeah, for those who are in Kolja Climes, please be careful.
Take care of yourself and check in with us every so often so that we know you're not dead.
It's right a good place to check in with us would be our discord.
You can join our discord server over at vognetwork.com.
That's VOGnetwork.com slash discord, where we do chat throughout the week we share some stories about what's going on in gaming and sometimes convention updates too.
I'll talk about kind of one of those going on right now in just a moment.
But first, I want to also say hello to Techmaster Loki.
Hey, Loki.
Hello.
Hi, how are you doing?
I'm doing pretty good.
Okay, so when we do tape live, because of course we do tape live every Sunday night at nine o'clock Eastern, six o'clock Pacific at The Voice Geeks Network, twitch.tv slash VOG Network right after the Bobby Blackwolf show.
He wasn't on tonight though, and I'll come back to that in a minute.
But when we are live, you you have little videos playing in the background so we don't see your kitchen.
We see whatever game of the week you have picked instead.
I don't know if I recognize this one.
Is this like the Toy Story video game annotation?
Can't be.
That's not the character from Toy Story.
No, it's Clockwork Knight from the Saturn.
Didn't Alan educate you?
I mean, keep in mind, we didn't get together till much later.
And yeah, I learned, but I was I was not really gaming when the Saturn first came out.
I took a little break from gaming during college.
Maybe like I had a PlayStation and I went pretty hard on like other entertainment.
Yeah, but I didn't I didn't kind of use other entertainment.
Yeah, yeah, exactly.
So, but I appreciate it now, but I don't have the deep knowledge or fondness of the games that many other people do, but I appreciate it now.
A lot of Sega stuff was just really ahead of its time.
It really was, especially Dreamcast, right?
I think everybody agrees on that.
The Dreamcast is just like, you know, was just a little ahead of its time.
So.
Anyway, and it did some really stupid stuff too.
Yeah, that's true.
Um, I did mention that we tape every week after the Bobby Blackwell show, but he's not here tonight.
That is because if you've been paying attention over the last few weeks, he's at Awesome Games Done Quick.
He flew out yesterday.
And so the Games Done Quick marathon for the Prevent Cancer Foundation started today.
I think he flew out there yesterday, so it started today.
And he will be hosting some various games on I think Thursday night and the last day.
But we actually have a little bit of late breaking news because
I mean, and it's unfortunate because of the travel issues going on around the country.
It sounds like another, I think, that's the reason.
That's what I'm going to blame anyway.
Whether it's the reason or not, that's what I'm going to blame.
The other host that was supposed to be there tonight isn't going to be able to make it.
So Bobby is actually going to be doing some stuff tonight at 2 a.m.
Eastern, which will be 11 o'clock Pacific.
So that's 11 o'clock our time, which isn't as bad, but especially because many people have a holiday.
I have a holiday tomorrow.
I know many people do, but I know a lot of people don't as well.
I hope he's taking a nap.
Oh, that's why he's not here right now.
He said he's taking a nap before his shift.
Great minds think like us.
Fun sometimes to get the behind-the-scenes perspective from, you know, people that, you know, are involved with it.
And I know when they did TwitchCon, it was really cool to see the mini festival they did at TwitchCon because it was almost like being at the real event, from what I understand.
But anyway, what I really wanted to say is one of the games that he's ending up hosting tonight is one that I think I would have watched anyway, and it's The Typing of the Dead.
Speaking of wonderful Sega games ahead of their time,
The Typing of the Dead is one of the speedruns that he will be reading donations during tonight.
And that was a surprise edition, which is unfortunate for somebody else.
And I hope everybody that is trying to get to Games Done Quick is being safe and traveling A-OK.
But I know Bobby will step in at the last minute and do a fantastic job.
So check that out.
And he'll be back live next week if you do want to see video.
Let's get into our show tonight.
So usually we start off the show with like a kickoff topic, a headline here to start things off.
Tonight, we're gonna do it just a little bit different because at the end of last week's show,
We took a look back at our 2023 predictions and it turns out we were wrong on most of them But we did there was I think we had one and a half points from things that we did call That would happen this next year and predictions are fun.
They're a little silly.
They're light-hearted It's not meant to be taken super seriously, but I'm gonna try to make some serious predictions tonight and
If you have anything you want to add,
Please go ahead and put it in the chat because if we decide one of yours is better than one of ours, we've been known to steal from chat and give you credit for that.
And also, I will just say, I'll open this up to emails and people that listen on the podcast feed throughout the week.
If you want to email us, I'd love to read some good predictions next week on the show.
But for now, let's go around the room and check out.
We're going to put on our thinking caps and get our tarot decks and our future predicting Ouija boards.
We're going to contact the dead.
We're going to light some candles and we are going to figure out what is going to happen this year in gaming with our 2024 gaming predictions.
What's that, Jamie?
I have the lady from Mallrats with her fake third nipple.
I have the alien from Total Recall with her real third nipple.
Okay.
Now, don't you remember the Psychic and the Good Mole?
Oh, yeah, I do.
100% I do.
Yeah, yeah.
You know, Shannon Doherty blames that movie for ruining her career, by the way.
But that's a whole other... It's like, you should be... Anyway.
I'm sorry, she was in a Kevin Smith movie, so that should have boosted her.
If she failed, it's her own damn fault.
It's weird that all the other careers of those people were just fine, but hers in particular...
I'm hoping that's just a clickbait headline I fell for.
Yeah, I mean, what has he done?
Like, that guy just, like, faded into obscurity.
Like, I don't know.
All right.
Hello.
Hello.
We're not talking about 1998 anymore.
Let's look at 2024.
Here we go.
Our 2024 predictions.
Who's feeling brave and wants to go first?
Loki is.
Sure.
I'll go first.
Literally, DarkSakura volunteered.
DarkSakura, go ahead.
Go first.
Well, it's stupid, but Paprium will get a release date for Steam.
Wha- I'm sorry, what game?
Paprium.
Paprium.
I don't, uh- There's a lot of drama about this.
It was this massive brawler that had this huge-ass Kickstarter, uh, for, um, for the Mega Drive or Genesis, and the game was fraught with issues.
And they made, like, there's another Kickstarter out there to get it on Steam, um, but,
I am predicting a playable version to be released this year.
I'm going to throw it out there.
I hope so, because I really want to play Paprium.
I don't want to pay, you know, $120 to buy the cartridge, but I want to play Paprium.
Okay.
Okay.
I get it now.
I do.
Now that you said it was like the Genesis Kickstarter.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I'm pretty sure I did hear about this.
Okay.
I'm with you.
Okay.
So Loki, that brings us to you then.
Now you can go.
What is your number three prediction?
Oh, we're going to start it off on a high note here.
Bobby Kotick becomes the CEO of another game industry slash game industry adjacent company.
I hope you're wrong.
I hope you're wrong too, but I'm gonna look sometimes with these predictions.
It's not that we want them to come true.
We just sing it.
The cynics cynics in us say it will so Oh,
Uh, so I'm trying to think how to write this here.
Gaming adjacent company.
And what, what are your reasons for that?
Are you saying that because this is one of those things where it's like assholes are never held accountable?
That kind of thing?
It's because people like him just don't fade away into obscurity.
They always come back into like other roles.
Like I could see like Unity going, Hey, we need another CEO.
Let's bring him on in, you know, like, cause
uh loki brave enough to even say what company he thinks it'll be all right so i don't know we'll see it's hopefully he just goes away but
All right.
I have other things I wish you would do, but yeah, that's neither here nor there.
All right.
DarkTutsuya says insert Darth Vader.
No here.
Yeah, that isn't appropriate.
That TigerClaw thinks TigerClaw is literally going to double down and says John Riccatello will also probably be the CEO of some other company.
He's going to run into the ground.
I mean, that actually Loki, that may be what I say about that.
You know what I say about that?
Hmm.
Die, monster!
You don't belong in this world!
Oh no, not you getting fucking soundboard access.
All right.
Uh, I made it myself.
Moving on.
Uh, let's get to my number three.
Okay.
Um, this one is also a little bit of a safe bet for me.
I'm admittedly, this is a safe bet for me because we're going to have a story later where some of this is already happening, but I'm going to take it a little bit of a step further.
And I'm going to say that two launch titles for the switch successor.
I,
For me to predict the Switch successor is happening this year, that is way too safe of a prediction.
Of course it's happening this year.
But I'm going to predict that two LaunchWidow titles for the Switch successor are Microsoft games.
And because that may be a little too safe, I'm actually going to say one of them is Sea of Thieves.
And I think the other one will be the Diablo 4 plus its expansion that will come out later this year.
I think that will come out around the same time as the Switch successor.
And I think that will also be, because technically now Microsoft owns all those titles,
I think Overwatch 2 would be an extremely safe pick as well.
So really, I could see this being three launch window titles for Switch successor, but I really do think one of them will be outside the Activision Blizzard bubble, and that's why I'm saying Sea of Thieves in particular.
I think, in particular, the co-opness of Sea of Thieves that Microsoft really wants to push, I think that might...
I don't know how to say this tactfully, I think that plays better in Nintendo's ecosystem versus what has historically been Microsoft's ecosystem.
And I'll just let y'all chew on what I mean by that.
And that's not to say there aren't people enjoying and thriving in Sea of Thieves in the Microsoft ecosystem now, but I think Microsoft is going to see that if they really want to grow that, the Nintendo audience is who they want to tap into.
And yes, Chad is naming a game that we're going to get to later that technically is potentially already releasing for this generation of Switch.
I'm going to talk about Microsoft's continued support for the Switch successor.
All right, so let's get into the number two.
I mean, I don't know why we order these.
They're all really the same.
Oops, sorry.
That's that's me playing in WordPad if you hear that little ding.
So let's get into the number two predictions or the poopy predictions.
DarkSakura, what's your number two prediction?
E3 announces yet another metamorphosis just when we thought they were done.
Oh, dark.
Would you would you based on the clip you just played?
Would that be dark metamorphosis?
Um, maybe?
Maybe?
Okay, yeah.
Okay, so E3 announces so they're not so E3 isn't really dead.
They go through a dark metamorphosis.
And
Somebody buys the E3 name or something like that.
Okay, I could go with that.
I could go with that.
Just what you thought it was safe to be rid of E3.
Okay.
Loki, what's your number two pick?
I had the Switch successor would be announced by March.
It's coming out next year and launches with Metroid Prime 4 and Mario Odyssey 2.
Wow.
Wait, did you say next year though?
Do you mean 2025 or do you mean later this year? 2025.
Wow, okay.
That's the that's the part of your prediction.
I don't think you got right.
But I maybe that's that's why we do this.
That's why we do this.
All right.
Interesting.
Um, okay.
Why do you think it's all the way in 2025?
Why do you think they missed this year after all the hype for this year?
It's really just over time.
I think they need more time.
And actually, you know, now that I think about it, though, a 2025 release would not mean a March announcement, because that would kill sales for the rest of the year, unless they're doing something like, we're going to keep both SKUs around type of stuff, you know, DS Lite, DS type thing.
I think
were coded with another Switch in mind that never released.
And I really think those games are going to play a lot better on the Switch successor.
Maybe that should be one of my predictions, but in my gut, I feel like that's true with those.
Do you feel it in your bones?
I believe at the end of the year, so in the last, in the holiday rush, a game, a AAA game in the holiday rush is going to get targeted, dragged, and exposed because of its overuse of AI.
So in other words, a game that tries to pass itself off as not having a lot of this in it,
people on the inside are going to uh report undercover or it's going to come out in the review process that there is a overuse of AI there's a lot of AI that's in this in the AI-generated AI-generated AI-generated quest AI-generated voice acting and AI-generated assets are going to show up in the game and this game gets universally dragged by social media and I'm talking a shlacking of like um
What was the Square Enix game that just shit the bed when it came out by the Sega guy?
Was it the... By Sonic?
Yeah, I know which one.
The one that reused the 14 assets?
That one?
That's a good example too.
That and the cutesy cartoon game that nobody liked.
Balan Wonderland.
Thank you, DarkSakura.
That's what I'm trying to think about.
I'm talking, it gets its ass kicked on social media in that regard, and the game absolutely tanks and puts the company in danger.
Now, because I think this is a safe pick, I'm going to go so far as to say Ubisoft is the culprit.
And I'm leaning into that because we know that they've been developing
technology for AI quest generated things and I think this games as a service stuff, I think somebody tries to lean in and use AI for this games as a service and their pants get pulled all the way off and their butt and balls are completely exposed to the entire gaming world and nobody buys this game as a result.
Alright, isn't that a safe pick?
I hate it, but it's a safe pick, don't you think?
Me, yeah, it's pretty safe.
I was also just thinking though, I don't have a problem with like, like fetch quest stuff being randomly generated by AI, but definitely the use of art assets and music and voice acting.
Yeah, I would say what you're describing is like what Skyrim did to generate the daily quest.
And I think most people are like, okay with that.
But I'm gonna, I'm gonna say it goes one step further than that.
Actually 10 steps further than that.
Okay.
Number one, numero uno, the top prediction, although these really aren't ranked, but we're going to pretend they are anyway.
DarkSakura.
Well, this one's actually a safe one, but just from experiences of my own recently that I actually can't talk about, I'm going to say an even bigger push on VR and spatial computing in and outside of the gaming industry.
a bigger push in VR in and outside the gaming industry.
And spatial computing, as in spatial environments for computing.
Oh, okay, okay.
We're already seeing a big push with spatial audio.
That's been a lot more.
Yes.
We already have spatial computing with some of the recently announced products coming out.
I mean, Oculus is still a thing.
But we are now getting into that VR environment
in the world of consumer computing.
I think that there's going to be an even bigger boom in that.
And because we've got an announcement date after the Vision Pro is released, I think we're going to see a lot of people trying to follow suit.
Yeah.
I get that.
And even in the gaming space, I look at something like Niantic, because I play a lot of Niantic games.
Pokemon Go obviously being the most common, but of course, Monster Hunter now, Pikmin, Ingress, these are all things.
And Ingress is usually kind of the canary in the coal mine for a lot of Niantic stuff.
And they've gotten really big into scanning, which again is AR, not VR, but it's still
Spatial Augmented Reality.
Yeah, exactly.
It's still for those who don't know.
Yeah, it's still very spatial.
So what you can do is you scan these 3D portals and now you do hacking in 3D around the landmark.
Basically, it's called overclocking in the games mechanic.
I think this is not an official prediction of mine, but I do think kind of along these lines, you're going to see something in Pokemon Go this year that utilizes that because and my thought was mass outbreaks would be a feature that they're going to bring is that you start to scan
the I keep calling them portals because they are in Ingress, but you scan the landmark.
And what will happen is that for like 60 seconds, you're going to see Pokemon just like pop out behind the sculpture, walk out from around the sculpture.
Yes, but like like in the 3D environment with your phone, you'll actually see them pop out because they kind of have this in AR now.
But what they don't do is they don't actually interact with the landmarks.
But behind the scenes, they've been collecting scans of all the landmarks.
If you play Pokemon Go, you scan landmarks.
Which is actually really easy for iOS with the virtual reality kit.
It is.
And I think with, you know, I think the Apple Vision thing is going to be a great way for them to enact this type of thing in Pokemon Go potentially.
So we'll see.
We'll see.
I just, you know, it's one of those crazy predictions where I was like, I wonder how they would utilize this feature in Pokemon Go.
And I think I could see like 60 seconds of Pikachus everywhere.
I disagree with it being for games like Pokemon Go, but I could see it for other games that would involve staying in the house.
Okay.
Hmm.
Okay.
All right.
All right.
Well, let's go to Loki, your numero uno prediction.
You don't really have a really big number one prediction, but, um, I'm waiting to make the prediction that the, well, obviously by the time, cause it's not coming out until next March, March or April, I think.
Um, but the, the Minecraft movie trailer will come out and it will suck really bad.
I will still go see it though in 2025, but that's my prediction is that the, the movie trailer for the Minecraft movie is going to be awful.
It just sounds awful.
That is the safest prediction on this entire list.
And we've had a lot of safe predictions tonight.
I don't want it to be awful, but it it's gonna be awful.
Here's this live action.
It's just gonna be it's gonna be awful.
I feel.
All right.
Um, and my number one you want to talk about?
I don't know if this maybe isn't a safe pick.
I'm going to say this and I'm going to explain why.
Because you're going to think this isn't a big deal, but when I explain the why, I think you'll understand.
So here it is.
My number one prediction is the Game of the Year at Dorito Pope's 2024 Game Awards is an indie game.
It's not going to be a AAA game.
It's going to be an indie game.
And the reason why I'm saying that is that, you know, we're going to get into this in a little bit here.
We get into the news of this week, but there's obviously, there's been a lot of layoffs in the industry, in the tech industry.
We've, we've heard a lot about this and it's, it's really unfortunate.
And this is a theme that's been continuing from 2023.
And for such a bright year as 2023 was in gaming, it just sucks that the industry has not been able to
stay on top of itself in a business sense that you know, it's been poorly managed.
The product has been great across mostly mostly across the board, except for that Kong game.
But even the Kong game was bad because it was poorly managed.
And I think that, you know, unfortunately, you're seeing a lot of these layoffs.
But the interesting thing about the gaming industry is that unlike a lot of industries, if you
get laid off or you leave the gaming industry, and you have the means and resources, which isn't available for everybody, but you have the means and resources to sustain yourself for a little while, you can make your own game.
And I think what and you can make your own product and ultimately it's very easy to put your own product out there on Steam, you know, an epic store a variety of different places, y'all know the game stores out there.
And I think what happens is that some of these people that were laid off in 2023, band together, make an indie studio, and they make the fucking next Minecraft, the next
Five Nights at Freddy's, the next, you know, you name it, huge indie title.
And I think you get a swell of support, not just because the game is good, but because people kind of want to stick it to the man this year.
And they're going to award an indie game that I think the story will be that these folks that got laid off came together to create an even better game.
And that's, that's what ultimately wins the 2024 Game of the Year award.
So.
There's somewhat of that playing into my AI prediction as well.
I think there's going to be a lot of pushback from people against these fat cats that still, in the management, they're still working at these companies that cut all the people making the meaningful work out of it.
I think there's going to be a lot of people that want to see them fail, and I don't blame them.
And so I think that's why you're going to see exposure with AAA games and so forth.
And you know, Tigerclaw brings up a great point.
If Baldur's Gate 3 is any indication, 2024 will have a huge indie game that's going to win many awards.
You know, I'm not sure where we draw- It's probably an indie game.
Yeah, I was gonna say, I'm not sure where we draw the line with indie, but, like, it kinda, yeah, like...
A lot of the reason why Baldur's Gate 3 was so well received is a lot of that.
You know, it's the whole pushing back against DLC and releasing a product that's actually worth the $70 that you pay for and all that.
That's why that game got embraced in many of the ways that it has.
Except it has gotten updates and new content.
Yes.
And for free.
So, which is great.
But it still doesn't mean that it's not DLC, you know?
Sure, sure.
Um, but I, I think, um, the game of the year 2024 will be a little bit more on the cheaper end than Baldur's Gate 3, but we'll see.
We'll see.
That's, those are my thoughts.
So anyway, um, let's recap.
I'm going to show you the lovely WordPad file that I'm about to save here.
We're going to recap my very professional notes here.
Our predictions.
So Paprium, uh, releases on Steam.
Bobby Kotick becomes the CEO of another gaming or gaming adjacent company.
Two launch window titles for the Switch successor are Microsoft games, and one of them is Sea of Thieves.
E3 announces another metamorphosis.
A dark metamorphosis.
The Switch successor is announced by March, and Prime 4 and Odyssey are launch titles, and it releases 2025.
A AAA game gets exposed for way overuse of AI, and it causes the game to absolutely tank.
a bigger push in VR and spatial environments in and outside the gaming industry, the Minecraft movie trailer sucks, and the Game of the Year 2024 at the Game Awards is an indie game.
There you have it.
How do you think we're going to score, y'all?
I asked that in our chat room.
I think these are actually pretty safe predictions.
I mean, I don't think Paprium's gonna happen, but... This is, like, honestly, this is probably, like, the safest prediction year I've ever seen us do.
But we'll see.
I mean, that's not necessarily a bad thing.
Maybe after getting bruised a little bit, after only getting... Okay, leave me... Sorry, it's bugging me here.
Okay, maybe after getting bruised a little bit with only getting one and a half right last year, we're dialing it back a little bit with some more safe and less big predictions.
I don't know
We're looking at an industry now that we've had our toes dipped into for, you know, decades now and looking at the ebb and flow, paying attention to the world around it and making some pretty solid fact based predictions.
You know, I think that's a damn good point, you know, and I think I hesitate to call these cynical predictions, but they live in that world of like, realism of like being around like, for example, the Bobby Kotick thing, that prediction sucks.
But it comes from that place of we've we have seen shitty people succeed too many times.
As the saying goes, you know, a cynic is what an optimist calls a realist.
And I would say my AI pick, and ultimately what drove me to say the indie game for 2024, I would say those picks of mine are rooted in that a little bit as well.
They're not just something that, you know, we shat out one day and decided that they were going to be our predictions.
I don't know, DarkSakura.
I did write these on the toilet earlier today.
Did we need to know that, Rob?
I'm just kidding, or am I?
You know what?
I did mine five minutes before the show.
But that's the other thing too, is just that I think because we're so versed in the ebb and flow of things, that we, we can.
And for the record, Bonds006, I said, VR in general, meta is part of that universe.
I didn't focus on that one because I think we're going to get a whole lot of imitators after the Vision Pro gets released, which we only have, you know,
a little bit of time before those pre-orders go up as it was already announced.
Yeah.
I think outside of the, you know, former Oculus realm, I think Meta kind of stays out of gaming.
I think, yeah, that's it.
You shouldn't have Froth on your PC.
Bons006 apologizes.
Anyway, no, it's totally fine.
It's all good.
So, yeah, I'll, you know, if I wanted to do a really safe prediction, I would have brought back tonight's intro bump that we play live before the show, and I would have said Atari releases 10 more versions of Yars' Revenge.
That would have also been a safe pick.
Hey, you know what?
I have a safe prediction and that's that Midnight can't stop throwing up all over the house.
That's a safe prediction.
Wait, hold on.
Hold on.
Buy me 30 seconds because on the Yars Revenge note, I have something to share.
Buy me 30 seconds.
Buy you 30 seconds with what?
I don't have any money.
I can't buy time.
Do I look like a demigod?
Well, I mean, maybe I kind of do.
I can't do that.
I don't have that ability.
Matt, do you?
and
Yars' Revenge
So I am not fucking helping.
But for the record, this cartridge is actually out of print.
And that's part of why I bought it.
And I have too much.
I also bought Namco 1 and 2.
What?
Is it not PAL?
Ninja Golf
No, but keep in mind this is Collection 2.
I don't know what was in Collection 1.
I could not find Collection 1 anywhere.
Ninja Golf is such a weird fucking game.
I'm gonna get those Toaplan cartridges at some point, just to make you jealous, DarkSakura.
Not really, but I'm gonna pretend it makes you jealous.
You mean when I can go grab my Genesis and play Zero Wing?
Yes, yeah.
Actually, but I will say this.
So, let me bring up... You know I have an Ultracade, right?
Oh, that's right.
You do.
I do.
I will say I'm going to put this out there because I know we have listeners overseas.
And you know what?
Sometimes DarkSakura asks the listeners for things she wants.
I'm going to put this out because this is the Evercade cartridge I want more than anything.
And it's like $90 on eBay.
But I know somebody's got to have it out there.
It's this one.
Okay.
This is no longer in print.
It's the Pico.
It's the Pico Interactive Collection 1.
Piko, P-I-K-O.
And the games that are in this are fucking obscure-ass games, but they're great.
Eight Eyes, which was on the NES, you might remember.
Drakken, which I know I've talked about this game before.
And Dragon View.
This is the fucking gold bar game in this pack, is Dragon View.
Yes, I could just bring it up in an emulator if I wanted to, but I think it would be so cool to have a legitimate version of Dragon View.
It also has The Immortal from NES.
It has a lot of, you know, because, yeah.
PowerPunch2, which literally looks like a rip-off of Mike Tyson's Punch-Out!!
Exploding Fist, which I vaguely... Top Racer, I vaguely remember a lot of these games from Nintendo and Super Nintendo, but that is like, right now, my holy grail for this system.
That's the thing I want more than anything right now.
I'll put up one of my searches for you because I have good trackers on that.
Awesome.
Appreciate it.
Yeah, because if I if I could find it, it's because I did pay $30 for the Namco carts, and I think they're usually around $20, but they wanted $90 on eBay for this.
I'm like, no, no, no, that's that's too much.
So I did find the Data East collection and the Jolly Go collection, Data East and the Interplay collection.
Data East, if you buy, well, most of the cartridges are still in print and Data East, by the way, is a pack-in game with the Versus.
But if you buy the handheld, the handheld... Gremlin Collection.
So, yeah.
Oh, there's a ton of great collections on that thing.
Anyway.
Yeah.
But I don't want to sound like a shill.
It's just something that I happen to have and I want.
Anyway, we're getting into our gaming weeks a little bit.
So we should probably turn it over and ask folks, how was your gaming week?
So let's go to DarkSakura and ask, how was your gaming week?
It was actually a little bit eventful.
I, of course, played some Dead by Daylight and had a pretty good time, although I didn't play it for a super long time.
I tried again to do Baldur's Gate 3.
I turned off my cloud saves and that made zero difference for streaming, so I am relegated to playing it offline.
Well, at least not streaming.
I also, of course, played Rudra no Hiho, which is Treasure of the Rudras, the last game that Square released for the Super Famicom.
And I finished the second scenario, so now I've started on the third scenario.
Love that game.
It's really fucking good.
It needs a re-release.
I also played some Jackie Crush, you know, one of those pinball games in the Devil's Crush series, but that was on Super Famicom.
I also started, I started Maria's scenario on Nocturne in the Moonlight, which, and I'm talking about like the English translation and everything, but I decided I really wanted- That patch we talked about last week, or like something you just talked about?
Yeah.
Okay.
I mean, I already officially own the game, so I can legally... I actually own this, I own the translation it's based off of, and the voice acting that they included in it, so it's like... I own all the pieces that made this game, I can legally emulate it, okay?
So, at any rate, I decided to start the main scenario with Alucard.
And the voices, I mean, they are different.
They're the ones from the PSP.
It's not at all bad.
The dialogue makes more sense.
And it's gonna take me a while to remember, you know, get my muscle memory back, and dear lord, I need to finish getting Alucard all of his skills.
I've already done the two monster fight and I did the doppelganger fight already.
I was way too underpowered for the doppelganger fight.
But you know what?
You can carry turkey and chicken in your pocket and that'll save you.
I know I've played a couple of other things.
I've basically been trying to find ISOs for games that I own, so I don't have to dig out my Saturn every time that I want to play them, or my Wii or anything like that.
So I am planning on doing a random old-school
game night like once a week since Baldur's Gate 3 is being such a fail for me.
Well, nothing wrong with retro throwbacks and all that good stuff.
I love me a retro game.
Yeah, me too, because I'm old.
All right.
Well, if that's all, we'll move on to Loki.
How was your gaming week?
It was basically Minecraft.
I've been grinding, trying to get resources for a build I'm doing on Fever Dream, which I'm just about done doing.
And then I did play a little bit of my Playdate, so I was checking out Pickpack Pup, which is a match-three type game where you have to pack up items into boxes and you get money for that.
And they have a trasher.
Basically, as time goes on, it starts trashing the bottom row, and you lose money from that.
That's fun.
If I may, if I may, I have an urgent thing to tell Rob.
Sure.
I found your cartridge for $21.99.
Please send me the link, but make sure it's not the arcade collection.
There's a difference.
Never mind.
I should have put that out there.
There's an arcade collection that's still in print.
It has to have Dragonsview on it.
Just remember Dragonsview.
I'm back on the hunt.
Alright, back on the hunt.
Okay.
Come on, you know me.
I know, I know.
All right.
Well, that's it for Loki's gaming week.
My gaming week, a lot of Final Fantasy 14 still playing a little bit of Overwatch 2 actually.
I was playing Overwatch 2 with Grandpa Warcraft or Captain Matt from Starboard Power Coupling actually a couple nights ago.
And because he actually plays that game quite a bit.
So we were playing together for a little bit and that was always fun.
I, uh, this is random, but not really.
Uh, I was playing Diablo 3.
Wait a minute, wait a minute.
Why would I be playing Diablo 3 when Diablo 4 is out?
Because Season 30 of Diablo 3 started this last week, and I was curious, and I wanted to go back and check it out because, um, this is the first season that is essentially not new.
They're recycling stuff, but they're
Paragon Board Alter of Rights
If you play a necromancer, you can get to level 70 in 60 minutes because of this board.
It's pretty cool.
And it has the portals to the other realms during the bounties that the last season had.
So it's just interesting.
And I've been enjoying checking that out.
I'm not going to go too far with this season.
But it's it's, you know, it's fun to go back and visit an old friend and say hello, I missed you.
because you know retro I is Diablo 3 a retro game at this point I think so when did it come out originally 2012 maybe I can't remember what year it came out but I think it's over 10 years old at this point so it's a classic game for me
So that's otherwise that's pretty much my gaming week a little bit.
I have been playing a little bit of my Evercade.
I haven't I just got the Atari one yesterday though.
So I haven't gotten this open this yet.
And I have the Namco one and Namco two collections which are also out of print.
I have those on the way.
Because of course, who doesn't need another way to play Pacman?
Who doesn't need another way to play Pacman?
I have that on the way.
All right, let's get into some gaming news of the week.
Starting off with a bummer, but it's something we've got to talk about, right, Loki?
Yeah, there's been a lot of layoffs in the beginning of the year.
I'm guessing because this is the quarter four for a lot of companies for their financial year.
Let's go over them.
Already this year we've had over 2700 layoffs across a variety of different companies.
Unity laid off 1800 people, or 25% of its staff.
continuing its reset, if you will.
Bossa Studios laid off 19 people.
Looks like Archaic, they laid off an unknown number of people.
Twitch laid off 500 people, which is 35% of its total staff.
Playtika laid off 300 to 400 people.
Discord, 170.
And then...
God, I think there was even more than that, but like, oh yeah, we had Lost Boys Interactive, there was an unknown number of people, and then FunSelector, which I think is probably a smaller studio, laid off three people as well, three developers.
Lots of layoffs, and that sucks.
Obviously they'll be able to bounce back.
Obviously the Twitch one really resonates because, you know, that's the platform we're broadcasting on now.
And many of us, you know, either partake or you'll create Twitch streams as well.
So it's a little bit shocking to hear because they just, you may recall, they just had layoffs already towards the end of last year.
Yeah.
And they were saying that they're being, they're unprofitable, even though they've made like $13 billion on the platform as well, which is interesting.
It's interesting to think what Twitch is going to do to try to keep surviving because I just, I...
I don't know.
I would be so bummed if Twitch went away.
I really would.
Because there's just not a lot of great alternatives out there.
I'm not going to the green site, and I guess there's YouTube, which is... I've certainly had my issues with YouTube in the past, and I continue to, but I feel like, I guess, if YouTube's a thing, then sure.
But I like what we've got going here at Twitch.
It's just really, yeah.
I'm shocked they can lay off 30% of the staff and the lights are still on.
I'm like, where did where did they cut those people?
Is that is that from how many employees?
It's just, yeah, shocking.
Sj100 Matt in our chat says this is them saying see, we're not heartless monsters.
We didn't lay folks off during the holidays.
Aren't we great?
Talk about doing the bare minimum.
Questbuster in chat says Twitch's burn rate must be wild.
They allegedly take in a ton of revenue, but none of it is actual profit.
So where's the money going?
Is it all bandwidth?
I don't know.
I don't know either.
To be fair,
We hear about these multi-million dollar CEOs, we hear about the golden parachute for Bobby Kotick, and it pisses us all off.
I'm assuming that Twitch doesn't quite have as fat of a top.
I'm sure the CEO does pretty well for himself, but I don't think the top is nearly as fat.
So I'm very curious.
Yeah.
As Jonah Matt says, the maintenance cost is very high.
The rumor that part of the Twitch sale was due to the very Amazon Web Services costs that they owed.
That is wild.
Well then Amazon needs, again, I would say some of this is Amazon's fault.
I would say Amazon leverages Twitch very poorly.
Very, very poorly.
There's much more that Amazon could lean into.
The watch parties was a start, but I bet half of you forgot that was even a thing until I mentioned it just now.
you know, to try to drive more eyes towards Amazon Prime and the shows that they're doing there.
I just I'm, I really feel like Twitch runs in a bubble compared to the rest of Amazon.
And it's just a little weird that they don't try to find opportunities to help each other, especially when it comes to things like things like Luna, and their push into cloud gaming, Prime Gaming and all this.
It's just wild to me how that stuff isn't consistent, which is so strange to me.
So
Questbuster in chat says my guess is that Amazon looks at the Twitch silo and wonders what else could be actually making money with that infrastructure versus what is sitting there now.
It's Twitch.
Twitch has communities and influencers of varying degrees that can get people to listen, you know, and, and, you know, think and sometimes act.
And I just, I'm surprised that Amazon doesn't try to leverage more in the sponsorships and all that for it.
I guess maybe I should have put this in my predictions, but I do think, I think at some point you're going to have to have a Twitch Pro membership in order to be able to stream.
I think they're going to charge people to stream.
You don't make enough money on that platform to do that.
Like, that's what I'm saying is like, you can try to do that and your platform will die immediately.
Yeah.
Like, because I feel like that's I know, I know.
I know everybody's groaning, but take that prediction the way that Matt brought up the Bobby Kotick thing earlier, because I see that that's going to be like the Hail Mary thing is that you have to be either like Amazon Prime or Twitch Pro in order to be able to stream on the service.
Yes, let me pay for the privilege to make you money.
I'm sorry, this is no, it's not going to happen.
S2100mat says, I don't see Amazon selling or killing off Twitch.
I do see them buying outside investors.
I can think of a certain private investment fund that everyone hates that would buy more shares of Amazon.
And how on earth is the green site making money?
That's what I want to know.
How on earth is the other site?
I have no idea what you're talking about.
Are you talking about the one that starts with a K?
Yes.
Yeah.
Oh God.
I don't know.
I don't think they are.
Yeah, so I'm like, if they're if they're not losing money that site.
Yeah, that's the thing is like everyone's saying that they're profitable, but they're not.
They're paying like millions of dollars to get people on the platform, but they don't have advertisers, especially since the platform touts itself on being like uncensored.
Like who's going to really want to advertise on there?
Well, I can tell you who's going to advertise on there.
Gambling.
Yeah.
Yeah.
So, I mean, I don't think that's going to be around very long either.
I think the bubble breaks on that one.
And when it bursts, it bursts quickly and without warning.
And a lot of people are going to be very disappointed.
And look, I'm not completely trying to shit on that site.
I realize there are some fine folks that have decided to take a stab on a new venture because, you know, and I respect that and so forth.
I just think
I know what we should have done.
One of the predictions would have been...
that by the end of this year Twitch fully embraces adult content with its own like sectioned off section because they're they're dabbling with it but and I think that's gonna be hard for them to ignore that kind of money.
QuestBuster, you know, and in fairness, I think this is this is a fair perspective.
This is why we say we're the show where every gamer has a voice because sometimes y'all lend some excellent thoughts to the suggestion and QuestBuster, sometimes you don't, but this one is.
QuestBuster says, or another perspective, casinos in Vegas survived the pandemic because of how deep their pockets are.
You know what's interesting, though?
If you go to Vegas now, versus before the pandemic,
There's a, at least for me personally, after this last trip to Vegas, I don't want to go back.
Because now Vegas is starting to nickel and dime for the stupidest shit.
They're charging for parking in Vegas now.
Remember when that was free to entice you to park at the casino to gamble money there?
The, you would, I could eat a meal cheaper at Disneyland.
True story.
I live, this is not hyperbole.
I ate a meal at Disneyland cheaper than eating at Panda Express at the Venetian.
They're charging like hundreds of dollars for tickets.
Like who's going to go watch a short movie for hundreds of dollars?
Like, yeah, that's why the bubbles I think you're starting to see.
And to be fair to QuestBuster, it's not like Vegas suddenly shuts down.
But QuestBuster, I want you to look at another and everybody.
Sorry, QuestBuster, I'm not picking on you.
You actually give great insight here.
Everybody that's thinking about this, look at that.
I want you to look at what happens, what's happening in Reno, Nevada.
Die at Vegas.
I can't believe it's not Vegas.
You told me we were gonna go to Vegas, but instead we went to Reno.
Take a look at what's happened in Reno.
because the bubble on the gambling and all that kind of has burst in Reno.
And you know why?
Because California does allow gambling on and well, it's it's part this and part this, but California does allow gambling within Native American land.
And so there are and you know, there's at least what five really rich resort casinos in this area that we live in.
And so a lot of folks in the Bay Area, this area, they don't go to Reno to gamble anymore.
They can do it here.
So the bubbles kind of burst on gambling.
And Reno is having to kind of reinvent itself as a tech hub.
And that's what you see Reno kind of becoming now.
Yes, it still has Circus Circus.
But Hera's fucking closed.
That's a that's like the place Jay Leno, Jode Rivers, you know, despite whatever you think of these comedians, these were huge comics, the 80s, these are huge shows, the bubbles burst.
and I think for sure what an icon and while I don't think Vegas is going to meet the same fate I really don't I think Vegas is always going to have that sense of excess and you know all that stuff I do think there's going to be a pushback on this whole like whatever happened to doing Vegas fucking cheap because that used to be the draw for Reno as well whatever happened to just fucking doing cheap shit in Reno and then it wasn't so cheap anymore and
What happened?
You know what?
The one thing that's still cheap in Reno?
$5.99 steak and eggs at the Calneva.
Would you ever in your life eat $5.99 steak and eggs?
But you know what?
Do you know what resort is still open?
Calneva.
The one that is infamously the Trashy Dumpy place?
Still there.
Why?
Trashy Dumpy reputation.
Anyway, just some thoughts.
Okay, um, how did we get from layoffs to talking about CalNeva?
Only here on Orange Lounge Radio would that happen.
Uh, but- It was, well, let's see, we talked Twitch, the kick, to gambling- I know, I know.
So my point is that I don't want to make light of this because obviously, you know, this this story sucks.
And I'm going to go back to the predictions at the top of the show.
And I'm just going to really hope for these folks that there can be some diamonds made out of this coal.
And that, you know, the nice thing about the gaming industry is that you can be empowered to do this on your own.
And I hope people that have had to bear the brunt of these layoffs are and I know not everybody's going to have the means to do it, but I hope those that do
are able to create a really awesome indie game and a new studio.
Because that is one thing you do hear about also in this industry, a lot of new studios that opened up people that used to work at another place.
So I hope this is a rebirth of some really cool studios that make some really fun games.
I don't know what else I can say on that because otherwise, it's pretty dreary.
But, if these big studios get caught doing- if they get caught cutting quarters with AI...
Capcom New Year New DRM
A new update for Resident Evil Revelations added more software to prevent modding.
You want nude Resident Evil characters too bad.
This is pissing off Capcom's community because of course there's a lot of people that make mods and not just I obviously we always joke about nude mods, but there's a variety of mods out there in the community of all sorts.
And this is pissing the modding community off.
In October, Capcom published a developer video where the company said, mods are no different from cheating.
You remember that?
There was that whole to-do where they were like, mods are basically cheating.
And there was some interesting, like, clickbaitiness to that, but that, that, some are saying that was the smoke before this fire here.
and then of course also what happened is that you had that tournament that happened recently where they were playing Street Fighter and then oops Chun-Li's naked oops all boobs that mod was installed on the Street Fighter and that did not look great because that was being streamed on Twitch and all that stuff
About a month ago, Capcom started to do takedown notices on Monster Hunter videos which either featured a mod, mentioned a mod.
Capcom Japan was going after Sunbreak videos on YouTube if you were running a mod, and it was takedown requests, copyright strikes.
Capcom added a piece of software called Enigma to a back catalog of games on the PC.
Enigma can be used as DRM software.
It does appear that what is happening here is that modders are being prevented from affecting the .exe or executable file.
Some other titles include Mega Man Zero and ZX Legacy Collection, Mega Man Battle Network Legacy Collection, Resident Evil Revelations, and so forth.
Since then, what's interesting, there's been a forum exchange that happened, and the patch was recently removed.
Capcom said, due to an issue observed with the latest update released, we have reverted the corresponding update.
We apologize for the inconvenience caused, and once the issue is resolved, we will re-release the update.
They don't say what that is, but... I think because the issue that I heard about that was that it was preventing games from running on the Steam Deck.
Oops, not great.
Yeah, at least I think I've seen some screenshots regarding that and it was it was because of that update.
But it's stupid, like, like, especially a lot of games.
A lot of those like copy protection and anti piracy and anti cheating software.
Um, they are pretty exclusionary when it comes to Unix systems as well, which is a big reason why some of, like many, like Dead by Daylight for the longest time wouldn't run on Steam Deck because, uh, the anti-cheat that it uses, um, won't run on Unix-based systems.
Well, although now that it's running on, uh, on, uh, Linux, a Linux system, I don't see any reason why they can't do a native macOS version, but that's a different story.
This just, it's just such an overreaction, I think, on Capcom's part.
If they're pissed about the Tiddy mod, then that's an issue with that particular tournament, and what went wrong with that tournament allowing that software to run.
And that's something that Capcom needs to take up with that tournament.
Because, like, this type of overreach of, now we gotta disable every mod that does anything in the game, is, it just strikes me as very, oh, I don't know,
We're gonna delete PictoChat off of every 3DS because a child might see a phallic drawing.
No, there's a lot of like people that have that kind of take where like, for example, even not necessarily with cheating, but like in Minecraft, one of the takes as well, we feel that villagers are too OP, they're too overpowered, their trades
Thanks for watching!
Feeling that it's too overpowered.
Like then just don't play that way.
Why ruin it for everybody else?
And then of course the game companies, they do that.
They just ruin it for everybody else because that's what they're exactly what they're doing right now.
More gameplay equals a grindier experience for whatever reason.
You know, Capcom just announced a new Monster Hunter game not that long ago, and if you piss off your community, and they're pissing off the Monster Hunter community with this, that's not a good look for pushing pre-orders for your game.
You probably want to stew on that a little bit, Capcom.
I feel like 2024 is going to be a year of fuck around and find out for some of these big companies.
It really is.
Maybe I'm just wishful thinking on the accountability front, but I really feel like fuckaroundfindout is going to take on a whole new meaning this year.
There's a lot of people threatening things.
They're like, oh, if this company does this, then I'm not going to support them.
You have to fucking do it.
You have to fucking do it.
Then they just go and buy their game and they're like, well,
Backlash was hardly anything.
I don't really see the point though, because to me, like, it's not ruining the, like, say you're modding these games, it's not ruining the balance of these games or anything, like, who cares?
Especially with old back catalog games, like, I don't understand what the point is.
in preventing modding on these.
Like, is it really, like, disparaging your name?
Like, just because someone makes a nude mod for Street Fighter, I'm not gonna be, like, thinking, oh, Capcom and their perverted game with nudity in it.
Like, I'm not an idiot.
I guess there's a lot of idiots out there, but...
I just feel like the impact from that is so nothing.
Like, it's just not gonna be a thing.
Yeah, I do agree, because look at what, you know, we just talked about all the Steamboat Willie stuff, which by the way, that all seemed to disappear this week, which is lovely.
But like, you know, now that Steamboat Willie's public domain, you know, somebody's drawn Mickey Mouse's dong and all this stuff.
I'm sure it's out there.
It's the internet.
Yes, just now.
Steam public domain hasn't stopped people from pulling that.
But my point is, none of that, like, people are able to separate that.
Oh my god, I saw a dong.
This is Disney's fault?
No.
People know the difference.
Oh my god, Winnie the Pooh is a killer because that movie
No.
Like, reasonable people know the difference.
There's always going to be unreasonable people.
Stop.
Stop amplifying them.
There's always going to be unreasonable people.
Stop amplifying them.
Yeah.
All right.
Moving on, let's move on to something else.
Something else big that's been happening this week, actually, DarkSakura.
Sony has done some teases, teases, teases, teases.
They have made mention of Gravity Rush as a movie.
They've put out some of the artwork and the teaser for it at CES 2024.
It looks like it's going to be pretty neat.
I mean, they have like, I guess it's assumed that it's Cat from Gravity Rush is jumping toward a dragon and shows some mocap stuff and all kinds of interesting things.
And then something else for a Patapon project.
Like it shows the Patapons fighting a mammoth and then
Yeah, it's interesting.
It's all 3D, of course, not like the original Patapon was.
But it could be interesting.
I will, of course, reserve my judgment for when I have something more to judge.
Yeah, some pretty light teases there on the CES front.
I mean, again, CES is not supposed to be a gaming announcement thing.
But sometimes you get a little bit, and especially because if you go way, way back, E3 originally was a spinoff of CES.
So I was just kind of curious if maybe E3
passing away was going to cause CES to maybe absorb a little bit.
Maybe it's too soon, maybe next year.
But we have little bits from Sony, little bits.
There's another little tidbit, although just if it wasn't on anyone's radar, because this has been out on the web for a while, is that there was a Kickstarter for a sequel to Patapon called Ratatan.
Yeah, I remember seeing that.
It looked cool.
All right.
Also, it was mentioned in chat, Dr. Tia says, we usually get Arcade 1UP announcements, but I don't think they had anything this year.
Yeah, apparently, I have not heard of Arcade 1UP doing anything.
There's, I'm looking at the Reddit for Arcade 1UP and there's, you know, insiders that are saying they're not announcing anything at CES 2024.
They just, the timing's not right.
It sounds like.
All right.
Moving on, another controversy brewing in the community, Loki.
Yeah, so this is kind of adjacent to what SAG-AFTRA was just dealing with with their strikes in regards to AI and replicating voice actors or actors, I guess.
So now apparently they've signed a deal, or SAG-AFTRA has, they're engaging with a company called Replica Studios, who will basically allow folks to use actors who have licensed their likeness in voice to be used with the studio to generate dialogue.
I think that there's some actors are very, apparently it's not a,
popular opinion because there's actors basically responding back with this announcement like saying, excuse me, you know, you say approved by the affected members of the union's voiceover performer community.
Nobody in our community has approved this that I know of.
Games are a bulk of my livelihood and have been for years.
Who are you referring to?
Like who is basically, you know, giving you the okay for this?
And, and, um,
They said, from voice actor Elias to Fexus, basically said, I would humbly consider myself one of the top voice actors in games.
No one asked me about this.
No one reached out for my opinion.
From what I've seen, no one asked any of my peers either.
So basically, they're
It's almost like they're moving ahead without getting the input from their members.
But I assume they're going to work this all out.
But once again, stuff like this and the whole stuff with some of the AI image generators, especially nowadays, where they're finding out that, hey, look, if I put this prompt in, I can get something that looks exactly like a frame of video from a major Hollywood movie.
And you're saying that this is okay?
Like, because clearly it's violating copyright because they were trained on copyrighted materials because there's no way they'd be able to mimic it down to it almost being a one-to-one exact frame from a movie.
Like, if they put the prompt in, they go find a frame of that movie that matches that almost identically.
I believe I brought this up last week because I'm friends with a few folks and definitely the complaining is loud.
They're basically saying this is what we were striking against and you're going behind our back doing this.
Yeah.
yeah um and and on top of that i mean i'm sure y'all saw the thing about them doing a george carlin special without george carlin that is christ that is that's awful yeah and and that guy should be sued the person that put that on youtube should be sued by george carlin's estate his daughter commented on it commenting on it's not enough legal action needs to be taken
I listened to some of it.
I tried to listen to some of it.
There's something missing.
Like, the voice does sound like him, and the jokes sound like jokes he would have made, but there's just something that's way off about it.
Like, even if I didn't know it was an AI, there's, like, a quality.
that's missing, certain inflections that are missing.
I know certainly you can hear when an audience is pieced in.
Yeah, I don't know if it's actually AI generating the voice or if it's AI generating the visuals for it because I believe that the voice is done by Will Sasso because they had an interview with him and he said that he had studied to learn to do an impression of him and wanted to do all that.
So I wasn't
certain that he trained like an AI thing to replicate it with like mimicking his voice.
You would think that would be just easier just to get the live.
Doesn't sound like a human.
No.
Yeah, it's.
We're not there yet, but it's hopeful.
I think the union made a hasty decision.
I think they are a little bit fearful of how fast AI is progressing.
And to that extent, I understand.
And so they hastily, and this is where I think I don't understand, made a deal with this one organization.
I understand actors can like opt out of it and stuff.
There's a lot like it's not like
What this deal doesn't do, it doesn't mean that every voice actor out there automatically has to submit to AI.
No.
It allows this one company to be able to do it.
So I feel like SAG-AFTRA kind of entered into this deal to sort of stop the AI thing from growing out of control.
I'm not excusing it, but what I'm saying is that the lesson to be learned here, and I think what's happening and you're hearing the voice actors kind of push back, is that
They don't like they feel like this decision was made so hastily their voice was not in the room.
You know, negotiators made this decision on their behalf.
And it sounds like a lot of voice actors really wish they had been consulted or they had been in the room or they were allowed to get their input on this situation that didn't happen.
And that's a union problem.
So there's a lot of people who were already like saying, you know, if this doesn't get rectified, I'm tearing up the card.
I can understand.
You want your union to represent you.
And when they don't represent you, why are you paying the dues?
And yeah, it looks like there's already a call for another strike and this time striking the union.
Oh, this could get interesting.
All right.
Yeah.
So I'll have to ask a couple of a couple of of my friends and see if they have anything to say about anything that I could say.
But I'll ask a couple of folks.
Yeah.
or peek at Twitter too, you know, there's a few voice actors out there that are very vocal about all of this.
So that's basically where my friends still are.
Yeah.
So, all right.
Moving on, speaking of people talking about things, let's talk about Yoshi P, the director behind Final Fantasy XIV and Final Fantasy XVI, Naoki Yoshida, who's known as Yoshi P.
He's been asked about Final Fantasy XVII, because, you know, XVI's out, the DLC is, you know, the first part's out, the second part will be out at some point, but I think now the world is ready to hear about Final Fantasy XVII, or asking this sort of thing.
So, somebody straight up asked him, Yoshi-P, are you doing Final Fantasy XVII?
Are you directing it?
YoshiP hesitated and said he's on the board of directors now.
So he didn't give a clear answer to the question, which is interesting.
But what he did say, which then because you know, the interview, you would usually read into that, well, yes, he's doing it because he's not saying anything about it.
But then he said, maybe it's time for someone new, instead of having the same old guys handle the next one.
He said, I think in some ways it would be good to look to the future and bring in a younger generation with more youthful sensibilities to make a new Final Fantasy with challenges that suit today's world.
A good follow-up question he was asked after that would be, what advice would you give to that younger Final Fantasy XVII director?
And he said, Final Fantasy is about challenging what's been done before.
While I'm certainly not looking to pick a fight with the older games, we all make Final Fantasy games thinking, mine will be the most fun.
So my advice is to just dive in and first put down on paper what you believe would be the most enjoyable Final Fantasy before thinking too hard about it.
Then from there, you can decide things like, since 16 was real-time action, my Final Fantasy is going to have both real-time action and turn-based battles.
Or you could go the other extreme and return it to its fully turn-based pixel art roots.
That would be groundbreaking.
Yes, you could.
That would be great.
Yeah, bring it back to turn-based, because turn-based... What's interesting is a lot of sites are now running the headline.
Yoshi P says Final Fantasy 17 could go back to its pixel-based roots.
It's not.
It would be cool, but I also kind of feel like the door is open for that to be expressed in other ways, and that would be direct sequels to things like Final Fantasy IV.
Why not do a Final Fantasy V, too, after all these years?
I think revisiting V's old job systemI mean, I'm basically explaining Bravely Default.
But I think going back and exploring Final Fantasy V's job system, all that would be like a lot of fun.
Why not go back and revisit some of the old pixel based games and make like, you know, a more direct sequel?
Because they did do that with Final Fantasy IV The After Years, you know, before somebody corrects me on that.
But I think I think it'd be fun to see some of that.
I think Final Fantasy XVII can be something new.
I don't think it has to necessarily be retro.
100% but I do love the idea of going back to a turn-based game.
I think a lot of people would be very happy.
I would be on board because I haven't picked up the real creative direction.
But also to YoshiP's credit, I think it's
I think the fact that he would say, maybe it shouldn't be me, maybe it should be somebody younger, is a lot of the reason why a lot of people really like Yoshi P. I also don't think he should sell himself short.
I think if he does want to do it, he should.
Yes, as much of a fan as I am of his and what he's done for 14, and I mostly like 16.
I had my issues with it, but it was certainly better than 15, and there was a lot more good than there was bad.
And you know what?
It gave the world Ben Starr.
And isn't that enough?
So with all that in mind, I'm fine if somebody else takes on 17 or whatever, but I'm glad YoshiP is on the board of directors, because that's the voice we need in the room, I think.
And that's why I like him.
So he's a voice we need in the room, as far as I'm concerned.
DarkTetsuya says, I don't know, still waiting for 6.2.
Yeah, I think a lot of people would love to see that someday.
SJ100Matt says, Preach, Rob, Final Fantasy Remake and Reimagining would be nice.
I feel like it's like a forgotten game.
You know, let's see.
Asiya Tabiri says, Screw it, make 17 a text-based MMO.
And Orangerite says, 17 is a BBS door game, essentially.
I'd love that.
You know what, though?
Orange Rite brings up a good comparison, though.
Final Fantasy XVII going the Mega Man 9 route?
Fifth Dream is saying he can't work on 2 MMOs, so he's gotta let new people work on 17.
If you are a pattern theorist, what I mean by that is, 11 was an MMO, 14 was an MMO, 17?
Numerically could be the next MMO, could be.
So we'll see.
I would not be upset with another MMO, but I actually, I just, I feel like it's gonna be 18, not 17, because Final Fantasy 14's still hot.
And I think Square Enix doesn't totally wanna cannibalize itself, which yes, I know Final Fantasy XI fans, you have something to say about that, but XI is still existing,
which says a lot, to be honest.
The fact that Final Fantasy XI still exists is actually fucking impressive.
But I just, I feel like they're gonna ride out the, keep in mind, Final Fantasy XIV makes Square Enix a lot of money.
When I say, I mean a lot of money.
They're not gonna, they're gonna keep that train going for a while.
So I think maybe Final Fantasy XVIII, but not XVII.
All right.
Uh, anyhow, uh, let's move on.
I guess, I guess maybe DarkSakura, you could talk about another system that we could see Final Fantasy 17 on.
Possibly so, although I highly doubt it.
Anyone remember the Atari 400?
No.
You know, well, you know, they had to, there was the 800, you know, and before that was the 400.
And it was an early Atari computer.
It had controller jacks in front, one of those little, like, Odyssey 2-style keyboards on it, you know?
That was all just a plastic panel over switches.
Well, there's an announcement now for the Atari 400 Mini.
It's about half the size of the original, which did come out in 1978.
And it has the updated version of the CX-40 Atari joystick.
And it will work with USB.
You can use other devices with it.
It has five USB ports.
You can use external keyboards and sideload games and you name it.
And an HDMI port so you can hook it up to a TV or monitor.
It has 25 titles already on it from the 8-bit era of Atari, and it has things like Berserk, Millipede, Miner, 24Niner, Mule, Star Raiders 2, and it has save states and rewinds and
All kinds of stuff and this is by Retro Games.
The same ones also did the mini Amiga 500 and Commodore 64.
I was gonna say this thing very much fits the Commodore 64 mini template.
That's not a bad thing.
And you can order it.
It's set for release on March 28 for $119.99.
SSJ100 Matt in chat says I'm excited about this and I already pre-ordered it.
It's kind of an obscure Atari console compared to the others, but I'm all for it.
The Atari 400 was the first console my family got before I was born.
Still have my Atari 400 and it works.
And I think there's going to be enough people in SSJ100 Matt's boat that like have the nostalgia thing that this is going to do well.
And it looks like a cute device.
I love that you can sideload
And I love that the company, you know, they did this with the C64 mini as well.
And I love that they're not shying away from that.
I think that's great.
All right.
Do you think you might get one, DarkSakura?
Nah, Atari 400 is not really your jam.
Oh, I linked it to Dan.
It could happen.
I mean, I don't need one.
I'll be honest.
But also lately, I've been kind of focused in different areas.
Fair enough.
All right, well back to the current era.
Well, also, I have like most of those games on damn near 50,000.
A lot of those games were multi platform.
I'm trying to think of any of those games you named were like exclusive to the Atari 400.
And I really can't think of any.
Yes, so Suicide Squad, as you remember, it's been delayed to, well, this year.
because, well, it needed a lot of stuff reworked.
And one of the things that came out thanks to a RockStudio dev's kind of Q&A that they were doing on their Discord is some of the changes that they are making to the actual game mechanics.
One of those was a gear system that had like a gear score for each item.
So say you get a gun or whatever in the beginning of the game, you know, that gear score might be
Thank you for watching!
Playstyle, I guess.
You know, whatever you want to equip based off of your playstyle.
Which sounds to me a little bit more like how Borderlands does things, but it's still stats.
I mean, like, honestly, DPS and all that stuff, it's just looking at stats.
So that's one of the things that they've been tweaking with it.
The other stuff, I have no idea.
I'm not super excited about this game.
Like, honestly, it doesn't look great.
This game is not reading well.
And maybe the right trailer comes out, the right preview video that starts to change minds, and I'm going to hope for the developers' sake that's what happens.
Yeah, it feels very Crackdown to me.
Well, Crackdown 3, it feels very Crackdown 3, actually, to me, because Crackdown was... I loved Crackdown.
That was a great game.
I know.
Now that you said that, I'm like, Phil Spencer, we need to have a talk.
Yeah, Crackdown 3, though, just missed the mark.
Like, it wasn't as good as the other stuff.
Yeah, but that didn't stop them from trying to do another Saints Row game.
Why should it stop Crackdown?
No, it shouldn't.
And it was just that they kind of tweaked some stuff that just didn't work out.
So if they could do something, you know, it just feels...
I think the problem with the new Crackdown is it felt very generic.
Like, it felt like a very generic type of game, whereas the first couple Crackdowns felt kind of unique.
This feels very generic.
Like, I understand that, like, Rocksteady's got, you know, they got the good characters with DC and stuff, and I like Suicide Squad.
I think it's interesting.
It's just, they're...
really genericizing the whole thing like even going back to how it was originally where it's like okay yeah you've got Harley Quinn and all these you know characters from the Suicide Squad and we're gonna give them guns and we're gonna totally strip out anything that has to do with those individual characters like they don't have unique weapons or gameplay styles or anything like that they're all gonna be the same there's just gonna be different skins and that that's what makes it feel so generic because when people want to play like
I think that's what they missed the mark with.
I know they're trying to walk back to that, but...
They already have this shell of a game that they've made.
They're not going to drastically change up how that plays.
And it's just going to feel very generic.
I just don't think it's going to work out.
Yeah, SJ100Mad is pointing out in chat over at twitch.tv slash VOG Network, it's also the live service aspect that's kind of a big draw as well.
Stop, like with the live service games, like, you know, going back to the predictions, I think, I think one that the live service thing, I think one of these games turns to AI to try to fill it out.
And I think they get fucking blasted for it.
Well, here's the thing, like, um, here's this car crash happening in slow motion.
Right, so one of the, remember we talked about game leaks and stuff like that with Insomniac games or whatever, how their information leaked.
One of the things that leaked from that was a presentation that was given showing the number of players and time.
players spent on multiplayer versus single-player games and apparently single-player games have been players have been spending a lot more time in single-player games than multiplayer overall so that whole like oh no one plays single-player games anymore everyone needs to do live service things not true just companies like it because they can make a ton of money off of it that's it
I
Anyway, well, you know what?
Here's a story of a game that, you know, it was a game that just kind of literally came out of nowhere, and it did pretty amazing things, and now it's going to continue to do amazing things, which led to one of my predictions earlier.
Hi-Fi Rush, which of course came from Bethesda, which is part of an Xbox studio at this point,
It's coming to the Nintendo Switch if you would believe video game rating leaks, which are pretty good barometer, to be honest.
They oftentimes are true.
Well, the game was rated in Australia for the Nintendo Switch.
It was classified as M because it has fantasy violence.
We don't know when it is coming out, but don't we have like an Xbox Direct coming up soon?
or whatever they call that.
I mean, I guess they could announce it in a Nintendo thing instead of a Microsoft thing.
I could see it.
It'd be both.
It would be both.
I can see a switch.
The next Nintendo thing ought to be about the next Switch.
If it's not, I'm going to be very surprised.
And I will start to buy in more to Loki's theory about a 2025 successor.
But I could see them announcing it at a Microsoft thing.
We'll see.
But that's still really cool.
And you know, Hi-Fi Rush was a super cute game.
And yeah, it's interesting that we're talking about that.
By the way, it's interesting that we're talking about this about a year after that game came out.
It's almost like they have an exclusive window with themselves for a year or something.
I don't know.
Who knows?
Quest Buster says it's the 18th.
Thank you.
And the new Indiana Jones game is supposed to be talked about during the Direct 2.
So I wonder if we don't hear more about this on the 18th.
I wonder if it isn't a stealth release like the original was.
Maybe that's why it's leaking this way.
Who knows?
Who knows?
All right.
Well, we're going to get into our next segment, but I'm going to set this up a little bit before I play the bumper, because we need to explain
the 2024 twist to this segment, uh, for people that may have missed the original announcement, uh, several weeks ago.
So we do a segment here called the classic game of the week, but once a month, DarkSakura mixes up the formula and she does something a little different, like maybe a classic system or a classic peripheral or a soundtrack.
So this year, DarkSakura is mixing up the formula once again.
So before we get to the bumper and the actual choice, can you, can you set the stage DarkSakura, what is this year's theme?
These are cancelled games that were either almost all complete or mostly complete, or there are complete versions out there, but for some reason or another, they just didn't come out.
I think this is a fun theme.
I'm kind of surprised we didn't pick this one sooner, but it is what it is.
All right, so with that, I will play The Bump as I must, and we will get into the pick for this month.
So, Jamie, take it away, Jamie.
And now it's time to travel back to a simpler time, where I'll dive into the vault and pull out a classic and tell you about it.
It's time for the classic game of the week.
All right, DarkSakura, what did you pick this week?
And I will warn the viewers at Twitch, because these are canceled games, don't expect all-star quality footage for all of them.
I'm going to start off with that.
Exactly.
Yeah, it was what I could get.
The game I chose is Capcom Fighting All-Stars.
It is a cancelled 3D fighting game that was developed by Capcom for the arcade and the PlayStation 2.
It would have had characters from all kinds of different fighting games, including some SNK.
and it would have introduced some new characters.
So basically, I'll just go ahead a little bit.
It was trying to translate some mechanics from some of the 2D games into 3D, kind of how Street Fighter EX was.
You had three life bars that would, you know, pause each time one was depleted, kind of like how Darkstalkers goes, you know, where you, you know, have that, like, reset area.
And you have a combo gauge that if you're still on your first bar, you can only level it up to a lower tier, but the more beat up you are, the more damage you can do.
Of course you add finishing moves and whatnot.
So the characters, it was intended to have 16 playable characters, 11 from Capcom games, like Final Fight and Street Fighter series, and four originals and a guest character from King of Fighters.
So the list was Akira from Rival Schools, Akuma or Gouki from Street Fighter, Alex from Street Fighter, Street Fighter 3 series, Batsu from Rival Schools, Charlie from Street Fighter Alpha, Chun-Li,
Street Fighter, The You, Final Fight, Haggar, Dimitri from Darkstalkers, Kill from King of Fighters, Poison from Final Fight, and Strider Hiryu.
And then the original characters were DeeDee, Death, Luke, and Ingrid.
And of those, only Ingrid survived this game's demise.
So basically, in the story, there is a terrorist named Avel, who also used Death, who is trying to destroy Metro City with a small atomic bomb called the Laughter Sun.
And so you had to go fight these code holders who you would get the codes from to stop the bomb.
And this was...
sort of what had begun as a third Capcom vs. SNK.
But SNK cancelled it because, well, it actually was cancelled because of SNK facing bankruptcy.
And so 20 of their staff members went to go work for Capcom, including the director Tanabe Toyohisa.
So at any rate, they repurposed some of those assets into a new project that they called Capcom Fighting All-Stars.
and they were allowed to use Kyo with permission and a special guest.
And so they had some location tests between 2002 and 2003 and a lot of people left really negative feedback on the game.
They developed it a little bit more and then the game was cancelled in August 2003.
There isn't much of the game out there until 2017 when Capcom put out an interview with Tanabe on the Street Fighter V website and he let out a little bit more information about it and let out some unpublished artwork and screenshots.
So, this did, however, evolve into a different game aptly named Capcom Fighting Evolution in 2004, and it included Ingrid in its roster.
And then Ingrid showed up in other games such as Street Fighter Alpha 3 Max, Project X Zone 2, and as a costume for Karin in Street Fighter V.
Ingrid, DeeDee, and Luke also had cameos in the Rhythm RPG Ultaranger that was in 2013.
And so, there's the game.
So yeah, there were playable versions out there.
People have gotten to play this game, but I've seen no ROM dumps, no nothing about this.
This is one of those ones that's just lost in time, but was pretty much playable.
Yeah, you can see these folks location testing at one of these YouTubes here.
And it looks like it's a fairly done game.
I mean, maybe the I mean, I have to remember it's of the era because I'm like, well, the backgrounds look a little plain, but, you know, it's of that era.
So but it looks like it would have been fun.
Yeah, this was like 2002, 2003.
It was going through testing.
So consider that.
Sure.
This is I would reckon around the time of Tekken Tag Tournament.
Mm hmm.
You know, yeah.
Well, this is a this is a great way to start it off this year's theme.
And some folks in chat are like, oh, SJ100 Matt says, I didn't know about this at all.
D'Artesia said this was going to be CVS3.
Disappointed gasp.
Yeah.
So some interesting.
Yeah, this could have been cool.
It's interesting how some, you know, you kind of talked about how it did kind of evolve into something else like so.
And, you know, when I think about canceled games in recent memory, I think about Blizzard's Titan project and how that ultimately gave us Overwatch.
right so sometimes some very interesting ashes rise of you know these cancelled games so this this is fun so
Well, yeah, and we actually, we had had this on our radar to play because we knew certain individuals that worked at Capcom at the time.
And yeah, it just didn't happen.
But I mean, it's understandable with what happened with SNK.
I would believe that a Capcom versus SNK 3 would have turned out better.
then what was reported with this game.
This game had like there were a lot of complaints about how this went.
And I think it was a great concept.
And I'd love to see them revisit it because some of those other characters like DD looks pretty freaking cool.
Yeah.
I don't like the bomb, you know, aspect to it.
I'd just rather people get in there and beat each other up for the shit of it, you know, and maybe get whatever happened to just beating people up for fun.
and Ryu walking away going, the fight is all.
I am a little disappointed.
I would have liked to have seen what this could have been and have these characters come back.
Although, it would be cool if Capcom would revisit some of the other fighting game series and just do a complete all-star game that has every character.
from fighting games that they've made and beat-em-ups that they've made.
So we have the full DarkSakuras cast, we have the full Street Fighter cast, we have this game's cast, we just have, and we just call it Capcom All Out Fight.
DJ Rama S. Hey, Capcom, hire me.
DJ Rama S. just ran streaking through the building, screaming at the top of his lungs, Rival Schools 3.
Shiritsu Justice Daigakuen, which would be college.
Rival universities is not just Auburn versus Alabama anymore.
All right, let's cover some other quick headlines here before we get into whatever topic.
If you want to talk more about Rival Schools 3, that's fine.
We'll get to your topics in a little bit.
But first, let's do some rapid fire news and quickly talk about some other headlines.
Loki, we'll start with you.
Yes, the PlayStation 5 DualSense controller is going to be getting an update soon.
Apparently, there's story listings talking about a V2 version, which is guests expected to have better battery life.
So that's cool, and it's gonna cost... looks like $89.99.
You can also get a charge station with click-and-charging.
According to Josh Hutcherson from Hunger Games, and of course Five Nights at Freddy's, saying that the sequel is getting underway
DarkSakura, what do you have for us?
We have some interesting news out there.
Some more Toaplan stuff.
Because you know I like my Toaplan.
So Batsugun, Fixate, TigerHeli, and Vimana are coming to PC on February 1st with the Toaplan Arcade Shoot-'em-up Collection Volume 3!
I love TigerHeli and Batsugun.
So yeah, it's going to be out on Steam and GOG.
The Goggle.
That's what I'm going to call it from now on because I'm cool and I can make up nicknames for things.
It's an industry privilege!
There you go.
All right, let's see, I got one for you as well, talking a little bit about limited run games.
I know some folks look forward to the things that they put out, and these are some very interesting re-releases for Switch.
So we have the Felix the Cat Collection, which will have the NES and the Game Boy games.
Remember when Felix the Cat was a game on the... Felix the Cat?
Wonderful, wonderful cat.
What was the thing, whenever he gets into a fix, he reaches into his bag of tricks?
Something like that.
It's been a long time since I've seen it.
But there will be a standard edition and a classic edition that has the CD soundtrack and a poster and all this good stuff.
Let's see, also the Rocket Knight Adventures Resparked Collection is coming as well.
So that will be coming in a standard and classic edition, which I think there's even like a super classic edition or something like that.
So the pre-orders for Felix the Cat start on February 9th and will run for about a month until March 10th.
And Rocket Knight Adventures opens in just a few days on January 19th and ends on March 3rd.
So some early limited run stuff to kick off the year.
If that is not soon enough for you, let's travel around the world and check out some games that are coming out a little sooner in some world release dates.
Yep.
Well, we don't have a lot coming out this week, but there are a few things.
So starting off, we've got Dread Out 2 for Nintendo Switch.
Prince of Persia, The Lost Crown on PC, Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, Xbox One, Xbox Series.
Yuna and the Haunted Hot Springs, The Thrilling Steamy Maze, Kiwami PC, iOS, Android, Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 5 Code Recollection on Nintendo Switch Last but not least, The Last of Us Part II Remastered on PlayStation 5
Let's travel over to Japan and check out some of the releases that are coming out over there this week.
I guess the year is really starting to pick up now with releases, because Last of Us Part II Remastered is a pretty big one for some people.
Prince of Persia The Lost Crown
Nintendo Switch, Xenoblade Chronicles, PlayStation 5
Prince of Persia The Lost Crown Endless Dungeon Last Wish Remastered Ghostrunner 2 Touhou Luna Nights
I'm sorry, that's next week.
My bad.
That's next week.
So I guess you just have to play Prince of Persia and Last of Us 2 until we get to next week's releases.
How about the UK, DarkSakura?
On the 18th, for the big three consoles, we have Prince of Persia, The Lost Crown.
On the 19th, for PlayStation, we have The Last of Us 2 Remastered.
For Switch, we have another code, Recollection.
And that's it.
Alright, it's nice to have release dates again.
All right, we have a few more headlines for you.
And then we're going to open it up for you guys.
If you either want to call or ask us questions in chat.
We also have the mailbag, although I sadly think it's another empty week, but we'll look anyway.
But first, a couple stories for you.
We'll start with Loki.
Yeah, because CES is going on this week, so of course we're going to see a lot of weird things out of CES.
And one of those is a project between Sony and Honda called Aphelia.
It's an electric car that has the option to drive it via a DualSense controller.
I would not feel safe doing that.
Other fun things along with that, though, is they also have an Unreal Engine AR dash.
It's powered by Unreal.
They have in the example, like a monster running down the street as you're driving your car.
That sounds distracting.
And then also there's a full dash that you can scan.
It's like a big wide screen that takes up the entire dash that has
like heads up displays for different like games and stuff in there.
Once again, very distracting for drivers as if it wasn't already a problem.
I feel like they're like a fucking YouTube where somebody modded their I don't know their fucking Tesla or something to run off a PlayStation controller for the LOLs and now somebody thought that would make a good idea IRL like Gran Turismo is not real life.
Like I know it's it's very realistic.
But let's let's remember that racing games are not real life.
And well, yeah, we shouldn't be real life.
And I think a lot of that is, once again, this is probably concept car, and concept cars don't necessarily end up like this, or even come out, for that matter.
Oh, like the self-driving cars?
Yeah.
So, I mean, just because it has, like, controller and support and stuff like that doesn't mean that, like, you'd be able to actually do that.
And also, doesn't mean it's actually ever going to come out.
So...
We'll see if it ever happens.
There's also like I feel like the C and the S in CES often stands for crazy shit because you see a lot of just wild stuff that's never going to come out or it's it's very conceptual or it's the whole like we're doing this because we can.
Like who needs a 200 inch TV?
We're doing it because we can, you know, or maybe it's, you know, getting installed at a Dave and Buster somewhere.
It's not really for mass consumption.
There are some pretty cool.
wild shit at CES sometimes.
Yeah, there's some like pretty cool stuff like they had like transparent displays and stuff like that that were really cool looking.
But also, yeah, there is a lot of weird stuff.
I don't know if you saw like the whole AARP or I don't even know who was a AI company that was doing stuff with AARP or Target or something like that.
And they had like a virtual Mario that they clearly didn't license and was like showing how an AI avatar can answer questions in like a retail setting or something like that.
Unfortunately, they got their wires crossed and Ben Starr was doing the voice of this Mario.
It's a me, Mario.
Are you retiring soon?
Do you want deals at Denny's?
Are you ready for the senior menu at Denny's?
It would have been better than whatever like voice they ended up with.
But yeah, it's it's like stuff like that.
Like it's like, oh, that's just wrong.
But OK, you know, well,
We can do it, I guess, so we're going to show it off.
It's proof in concept.
It's more about the concept and what you think it's worth versus what it actually is and the practical uses for it.
Uh, RinClarity is in chat.
Hello.
Welcome back.
It's good to see you.
Uh, and offers this comment saying, um, my opinion on car entertainment devices.
Can I play music from my smartphone on it?
Yes.
Then that's good enough.
No, exactly that.
All I need, all I need is to be able to blast music from either DDR or the Wangan Midnight Maximum Tune soundtrack as I'm going a godly speed down the I-5.
That's, that's all I need.
Anyway, yeah.
All right.
So let's just hope this PlayStation driving car really goes nowhere.
I don't.
Yeah, I'm pretty certain that it's not like the only car that you could control with a controller.
But like they had, they've seen a lot of the other ones I've seen have been remote controlled vehicles that children drive through the park with the giant antenna.
That's that's what the PlayStation controller cars ought to be.
I'm just like, well, first off, there's like, it's just, it's a bad idea in a lot of sense, because like, okay, let's say I'm disabling my steering wheel to use my controller to drive my car.
Bluetooth controllers get disconnected every once in a while for just no reason whatsoever.
So that's not great.
Like I'm driving down the freeway.
Oh, can't steer anymore.
All right.
That sucks.
Well, you have one more story for us, right, Loki?
Yeah, and then of course there's a new handheld Sega Genesis system coming out from a Hyperkin, which looks kind of cool.
I'm not really sure.
It's like a extra fat
Game Gear, which, I mean the Game Gear is already pretty fat as it was.
So this is the Mega Retron HD.
Mega Retron HD is their popular thing.
Right now this is going to be called the Mega 95.
And the system is going to, of course, like a Retron, plays a lot of different things.
So this one, they have a USB-C dock that allows you to charge it as well, Mega Drive controller ports, and also out ports to HDMI in case you want to play on your TV.
They haven't announced a price or release date for that.
And then there's also...
Let's see here.
They also have their previous Retron HD which has Mega Drive support on it already.
So this I guess would be like a portable system for them.
Cool?
I don't know.
I don't think the Hyperkin stuff's been all that super great.
It's an okay emulation, I guess, of it.
Yeah, and I feel like, obviously, these retro devices are, like, everywhere now at this point.
Well, this one actually takes cartridges, though, which is kind of unique, I guess.
But I don't know.
But it's an emulation.
RingClarity in chat says I had the Hyperkin NES Famicom clone and I didn't like it too much.
The main unit is bulky and the controllers aren't well built.
Well, that was all of the slotted stories we had for tonight.
So I do want to open it up to our listeners.
If you have anything you'd like to ask us about or have us talk about tonight, we can do that.
You can also call in if you want over at discord vognetwork.com that's vognetwork.com slash discord and hop in the green room.
And as long as I recognize you as somebody that's participated with the show in some element, we'll bring you I just want to avoid trolls.
We also like to check in with our mailbag participate at orange laundry.com if you want to send us an email.
DarkSakura, did we get anything?
I honestly forgot to pull it up.
I don't think anything was in there.
I think I looked a couple of days ago and I haven't seen anything coming since.
So yeah, I'll give it a look.
Hold on.
Yeah, I know we missed one a couple of weeks ago, so I hate to miss it again, but I'm pretty sure it was empty.
It was empty last week.
Yeah.
So.
Hey, I'm looking, I'm trying to get it to load up.
Well, while DarkSakura fires that up, let me check in with Loki to see if there's any last minute stories.
I have so many last minute stories.
It's just like, it's it's been, yeah, it's like that.
So let's start off with the the first announcement that was surprising, yet not surprising, because the numbers from this game have been dwindling ever since the launch week.
And that was
Microsoft, Mojang, I can't remember the studio that actually works on this game, but they are... Nothing, by the way.
They are no longer developing Minecraft Legends anymore.
They're basically cancelling that game.
That didn't take long.
Jesus.
Nine months.
It didn't even last a whole year.
So they've stopped development for that game.
They're going to be continuing in maintenance mode, and that's it.
No more updates, no nothing.
outside of bug fixes or whatever patches they have to do for that.
So there's that.
Then you have Billy Mitchell settling his lawsuit with, I believe it was Twin Galaxies.
So that's been going on for a while.
Four years, apparently.
So, there is a lot of evidence against him.
So, I mean,
I just, I just don't fucking care anymore.
Like, can't the world move on beyond Billy Mitchell and his weave?
Like, just yeah, let's move on.
But thank you for bringing it up.
I'm not blaming you.
I realize it's the greater gaming community.
YouTube commentators have a huge boner to make 70 minute videos just destroying him.
But I'm just like, can't we as society move on from a 60 year old man who wears synthetic hair?
Like, can't we move on from that?
Yeah.
And then I saw something that there was originally speculation that GameShark was leaking out a release date for the Nintendo Switch 2.
Oh, I did hear about this.
Which they said, which they were basically said, oh, no, we were just guessing what the date was going to be.
For me, the bigger news is GameShark still around?
Like, that's still a thing.
Apparently they have a GameShark AI successor.
I have no idea what this is, but like, I was just like, wow, that's still a thing.
In all seriousness, this thing is just called the GameShark AI because that's the cool term.
It literally has no AI in it.
I'm just guessing, hypothetically.
AI stands for we're going all in on buzzwords.
All in.
You know, yeah, here's the thing, GameShark, I'm actually willing to believe it was probably just placeholder text, because sometimes placeholder text accidentally gets made live.
And I'm actually willing to believe it, because what I'm not willing to believe is that Nintendo had a meeting with a company they've never liked to tell them when the successor to the Switch was coming out.
No, that would never happen.
It would be sharing them any information whatsoever.
And if it does get announced for September, then it was a lucky fucking guess.
But I don't... a September console release.
That's what our AI told us.
So, you know.
I don't know.
I'm still I'm still all about the switch successor coming out like summer like just do it doing a non some non standard shit.
Why not?
We'll see.
I really hope in the next like month.
I want to stop like talking about the switch successor and hypotheticals.
I'm getting really sick of it.
So like in the next month, I really hope Nintendo pulls back the curtain on this a little bit but wishful thinking ain't gonna make it true.
I know.
All right.
Sia Tabiri in chat says, GameShark made a wish on Game Genie to last forever.
Tiger Claw points out if GameShark is around, maybe they are useful for those retro consoles.
Some of, I want to say, didn't one of the retrons have like either Game Genie or GameShark?
One of those codes were like built into it.
Yeah, because it's basically those codes represented certain hex
values like in memory.
So like that's just it's a standardized format basically.
So yeah, you could, in a sense, program in your own cheat codes in there and save it into a library.
That was like one of my most favorite things to do with MAME is download like the cheats file that you can, you know, basically have GameShark type codes, Game Genie type codes in all these different arcade games.
That was fun.
That was a lot of fun.
In chat, I'm looking at a comment that came in from Orange Right that said, considering the original Switch came out in March, they don't have to wait until winter or even fall.
And no, that's absolutely true, but I keep thinking that's way too soon.
And I'm actually trying to remember, when did they actually announce the original Switch, which released worldwide on March 3rd?
And I'm trying to remember, what day did they announce it?
I'm looking quickly.
Let's see.
Oh, Nintendo revealed technical details of the Switch, including the launch date and price at a press event in Tokyo on January 13th, 2017.
So we are past that day, but I'm going I'm going back in time.
Everybody get in the time.
Get in the time machine.
We're going shopping.
January 13th was a Friday.
but it was the Friday before Martin Luther King weekend.
in 2017.
They've been pretty good about keeping their releases pretty secret for the most part.
We don't really know a lot of games far out that are going to be coming anytime soon.
With Nintendo, they don't really announce that stuff right away.
I think
about
Yeah, and SSJ100mat says, I think they pushed that new Metroid Prime game for this new thing as the release game.
I actually, I'm going to say it's not a release game.
I'm going to think it's the holiday game because it doesn't release at the holidays.
So I think it's pretty soon, but it's not the release game.
I think a big part of the release, quite honestly,
I think they're going to try to move with early adopters just based on the existing Switch library.
I think one of the most attractive things about the Switch successor, they're going to come out and they're going to say, Pokemon Gen 9 runs, runs acceptably on it.
They won't use those words, but that will be the impression.
Pokemon Gen 9 runs decently on it.
That's pathetic, if that's the case.
Like, oh yeah, we developed it with another system in mind.
It's like,
Yeah, they didn't come out until years later.
There will be a Mario, there will be something, but the real, the real bread and butter game for the Switch 2, the real, Mario Kart 9 will be the real, or if rumors are to be believed, they're doing the Windows thing and going to Mario Kart 10.
I don't remember why that rumor was going around.
It was something to do with like Mario Kart X or something.
But whatever Mario Kart's future is, that's,
the fucking game.
I mean, technically, if you want to get super technical, technically, it would be the 10th game because you're right, you're right.
Yeah, World Circuit was nine.
Yeah.
So which is stupid, though, but like, yeah, well, yeah, which pretty much that whole game's just been ported his tracks into eight deluxe, which whatever fine.
I mean, a new Mario Kart game would be cool.
I don't see them necessarily doing the same game plan as the Switch one, because that's what they did with Switch, is they ported 8 from the Wii U and had that.
I could see them
there.
No, this is not even a prediction.
This is like, like, I would go so far as to root this in fact, there will be a Mario Kart successor game on the Switch successor sooner rather than later, because that is the fucking money printer.
Like, look,
Mario Kart 8 is still a top seller to this day.
They would be fools not to release a Mario Kart 10 or even if nothing else, they're going to they're going to rehash Mario Kart 8 one more time.
Watch.
They're going to put out and it'll be a launch title for the Switch to Switch successor.
It'll be Mario Kart 8, 8, 2, 8, 8, everything, the whole fucking pack with everything they've released, all the DLCs, everything in one cartridge.
and that'll be the swan song for 8 to hold us over for about a year until Mario Kart 10 actually happens.
It'll be another, what their launch game will be, the big launch title is gonna be another Wii remaster game.
It'll be Super Mario Galaxy HD, something like that.
I would like to, I think an Odyssey sequel makes so much sense.
And I hope I would love to see an Odyssey.
I hope that's what it is.
I would love to see a Mario Odyssey sequel as the launch game that that should have had trust.
It should have had trust in it as a mini game.
That'd be fun.
Oh, I did want to mention as a random aside thing.
I don't remember if I mentioned it when we were talking about why I have Clockwork Knight in the background.
There was a cheat code that was unveiled that apparently the first Clockwork Knight game was hiding in the second Clockwork Knight game.
Oh, you can play the full game, huh?
What's up with all these old-ass cheat codes coming to light?
Because we had the one about the alien PlayStation game that just, like, fucking unlocks your hardware.
Unlocks the fucking hardware to play anything.
Like, just coming to light 20-plus years later.
I love it.
I love it.
DJRamaS
Yeah, the best that they've done recently with Luigi, aside from Luigi's Mansion games, is the new Luigi U. He had his game for a while.
Yeah, or, well, I mean, he's also in that, you know, Super Mario Wonder.
He's still Mario's brother in that game, so.
Anyway, all right.
Well, with that, we're going to go around and wrap up for tonight.
Thank you all so much for being here and participating with our show tonight.
Thank you for listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
If you enjoyed what you heard here, tell a friend or two about the show.
Help us spread the word because we are the show where every gamer has a voice, but we always need more voices to put out here on air.
So tell a friend or two.
tell them to subscribe to us on Twitch at VOG Network or follow I always get my terms there's a follow at VOG Network I mean you can subscribe if you want but we really want the follows at VOG Network and also a nice five star review on a site like iTunes, Spotify wherever it is you found this podcast goes an awful long way and we appreciate it let's go around and get the final thoughts DarkSakura I know you're doing your dead by daylight stuff here shortly so why don't you start us off with your final thought
Um, my final thought is fact check before you repost.
I will, I will do my best.
All right.
Uh, thank you, DarkSakura.
Have a good stream.
We'll see you in a minute.
All right.
Loki, we'll go to you with your final thought.
What's your final thought tonight?
I have to get to some editing.
I'm like, I've realized I've been, I haven't released a video in like 24 days.
It has been a hot minute.
Yeah, I've just been putting off editing, I think.
I also have lots of big projects.
So, I've got pretty much this next video.
It's almost ready to go.
It's already mostly edited.
I just have to put in the last, like, 30 minutes into it.
So, we'll do that.
And then I have a big build coming on the Fever Dream SMP.
So, all the materials are pretty much gathered on that.
And so, that's gonna be coming.
That'll...
Um, it'll be a different type of video because it's satirizing, um, the younger generation, like type of editing where it's just like, Hey guys, what's up?
It's your boy.
You know, like that type of annoying stuff.
Cause the whole thing's supposed to take place in a nightmare for my character or me or whatever.
So it's like... Watch it be your most viewed video.
I know it's...
It does feature a very popular meme.
In fact, actually, the build theme on this SMP is memes.
So it has... I have a 75,000 block build I'm doing, and then another smaller 25,000 block build I'm doing, both regarding giant memes, and then I'm supposed to have other stuff I build around it, but that's what's planned so far.
So, yeah.
All right.
Let's see my final thought tonight.
My new favorite thing to do on Facebook is when I get those fucking clickbait headlines that are that are that are advertisements.
I will I will buy I will fall for it and click the article and then I will post a summary in two sentences and do say hashtag save you a click and I can't tell you how many likes I've gotten on posts from local newspaper and stuff from just saying saved you a click.
about things that I'm getting advertised that don't even happen in this town that are in the local newspaper.
Anyway, I'm declaring war on clickbait headlines this year.
Click here to find out why.
That's it.
We'll see you next week.
We're going to do this all again in seven more days.
Thank you so much.
Happy gaming.
Have a good one.
And that's it.
Have a great night, everybody.
Oh, don't forget about Awesome Game Stunt Quick.
Also, later tonight, Bobby Blackwolf is hosting and also later this week.
But you know what?
I'm going to say it to his face.
Don't listen for Bobby Blackwolf.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is a production of OLR Studios.
To join us for our live show, tune in to vognetwork.com Sunday nights at 6pm Pacific, 9pm Eastern.
The views and opinions expressed in this program do not necessarily reflect those of the staff of Orange Lounge Radio nor VOG Network, but you know they were all still true.
