The unsung hero of modern music gaming, Groove Coaster, joins the arcade score tracking graveyard.
The game isn't going away yet, but your play history, save customizations, items, and online multiplayer will starting in April.
It takes a shutdown to make that game's unlock system less awful.
Funny how that works.
This is just one of tonight's Music Game Updates.
Now it's time for your hosts, Rubber Upperts Jamie Summers and Loki to tell you more about this, the other Music Game Update, and the rest of the week's gaming news.
Starting right now on the show, wherever your gamer has a voice,
Hello my friends out there on the internet.
Welcome back to another week of the show where every gamer has a voice.
It is Orange Lounge Radio and we are live once again with episode number 990 of our program for tonight.
January the 21st of 2024.
My name is Rob Roberts, and I'm here with you every week to talk about what is going on in video games and gaming culture with all of you live in chat and all of the world through our podcast feed.
But of course, I could not do it without my co hosts.
Say hello to the one and only DarkSakura or Jamie Summers.
Hello.
Hi.
How are you?
I had my COVID shot, which everyone needs to make sure that they have their COVID vaccine unless they have allergies or a medically prescribed reason why they cannot.
But I also have other underlying conditions that means it kicked my ass.
It kicked my ass a lot.
In fact, it's hitting you so hard, it's screwing up your video as well.
But that's, hey, what else?
Right on my side.
Hold on.
It's fine.
This is an episode of OLR.
If there is at least a little bit of tech fail, what can you do?
So all right, there we go there.
There's there's our little VTuber in the Super Metroid.
The last VTuber is in captivity.
The galaxy is at peace.
I just turn it off and on again.
Oh, that's a great way to fix IT problems.
Let me tell you.
All right.
That's what I 90% of the time have to tell people to do every freaking day.
All right.
We'll be coming back to you in just a moment for our kickoff topic tonight.
But I'm sure folks that are watching us live, because we do tape live every Sunday night at six o'clock Pacific, nine o'clock Eastern, The Voice Geeks Network, twitch.tv.
Slash VOG Network right after the Bobby Blackwell show.
Folks that are watching live are probably going, hey, wait a minute.
Loki looks a little different this week.
What's going on over there?
Oh, my God.
Loki's a shapeshifter.
Yes.
So here's the thing.
Here's our special guest Mystique.
Loki has a kid.
One of the kiddos has a birthday today.
So, of course, family is priority for him.
You can't blame him at all.
So he's off doing stuff with the kids.
I don't know where they want to get taken today.
So we decided to invite a guest host on.
And this guest host is going to be completely familiar to all of you.
because he's called into the show many times.
He hosts his own podcast here at The Voice Geeks Network with some of his friends called Anime Jam Session.
It is, of course, the one and only DJ Ranma S. Hey, Ranma.
Hey, what's up, Rob?
How are you?
I am doing fantastic.
Thanks for agreeing to be here.
Thanks for doing this.
Appreciate you.
Of course.
I just want you to know when I got that text, I almost dropped my phone out of my hand.
I was like, wait, what?
No.
Well, let's let's be clear, Loki can never be replaced.
But yeah, it's not often we get a lot of notice.
Usually if a host isn't here, it's because somebody's sick.
So usually we'll just kind of make it a two person show.
It is what it is.
But we had enough notice this week.
And I was like, Wait a minute, Rama wanted to talk about a recent trip that he took.
and some of the picture well you know we'll get into that a little bit because you took went on a really big trip and you have some insights to gaming culture and some things as a result of this so it is still a video game thing but we're gonna talk about that in a minute and I was like why doesn't he just freaking come on for the show we have a chair open let's do it so here we are we're in this virtual thing now you don't have to come to my house to be on the show
Okay, Anime Jam Session, as I like to call it, is a 90 minute show where you have me,
Mako-chan and Ari will re-talk about some of the topics and information of what's going on in the anime industry, whether it's in the U.S.
or Japan, find out what's going on with upcoming conventions and the culture, and we kind of take our little spin on it, and usually we have one doing color commentary, one going on outlandish, and then there's the straight guy, me, like, we kind of need to calm this together, until I get an article and I'm just like, what is this?
So, it's just basically us discussing what's going on, and just trying to give our spin, our thoughts on it, from going to conventions over the last, I'd say, several years.
You go to a lot of conventions.
Like, if you're not listening to Anime Jams, you don't understand how many conventions that show covers, because you're very well-traveled on the East Coast.
I mean, sometimes the West Coast, mostly the East Coast, you know.
I use somewhere on my computer.
There is a Excel spreadsheet by year.
Every single convention that I've attended since I started.
That's smart.
I wish I'd done something like that.
I have to go back and think now.
about five, I think about five, six years ago, I hit like the 150 mark.
And I'm just like, Oh, wow.
That's impressive.
Well, that's awesome.
Well, um, make no mistake.
Everybody Rama's playing the role of the host tonight.
He's going to help us with stories and all of that stuff.
So we'll get to that in a little bit, but we want to get to our kickoff topic tonight because boy, oh boy, it's so funny.
Last week we did the predictions episode.
I don't think anybody could have predicted this game comes out of fricking nowhere and has just
DarkSakura, VOG Network, DJ Ranma S, Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
Here's the thing, it's a little bit more like some of those survival games, but the big battle system with your little creatures is pretty obvious.
It's like Pokemon Dark.
There's no turn-based battle system.
which is kind of but I mean I'm not like I get where the issues are because it's it's the look that's that's causing a lot of the controversy but I do think it's important to say it's a survival game first and instead of like let's say Lego Lego Fortnite and chickens instead of the chickens it's these may or may not be skirting the line of legally different from Pokemon
I refuse to support it since they use AI for their character designs, and I also will not support plagiarism.
So it's allegedly, but there's plenty of discussion from PocketPear's CEO going back to 2022 where he talks about generative AI tools being sophisticated enough to avoid copyright issues.
And there's another one in 2021 where they were showing how AI could be used to generate new Pokemon designs.
But there's way too much evidence, and especially in the teams that were created for the creation of this game, very inexperienced designers.
Many people who were amateurs in their fields who are bringing in on this professional product and
including the fact that, I mean, now I'm not going to be disparaging on this one because they're saying that they had a graduate student who did a hundred of the character concepts.
You know, she applied to all these companies and failed, but now she's apparently drawing the characters.
I mean, a talented artist could do all that.
That's absolutely, absolutely fine.
But if if she's also bringing in AI to do this work, she'd have to do it with company's knowledge.
And this is more than just like I was looking at the designs, this is more than just a passing similarity, like, you know, an art style tribute.
And Questbuster got to my next point.
Please don't jump the gun.
Thank you.
Well, remember the podcasters can't read chat.
I know.
But they are also they had another game on Steam called AI Art Imposter.
So
I think that AI has a big part to do with these designs and the fact that it is, like I said, it's more than a passing resemblance to Pokemon.
There are way too many similarities for it to be coincidence.
But yeah.
I think that they took Pokemon as a concept and then stole another concept from another game and made their own game.
So, I have some complex thoughts on this.
Very complex thoughts.
And I'm gonna say up front- I'm not capable of complexity tonight.
If it's obvious.
Go ahead, Ranma.
Well, I can say, I have played the game.
I put at least about an hour into the game.
I heard about this through normal means.
I heard someone, it was basically like, Pokemon with guns.
I'm just like,
go on.
So, I go and I download it, and I start playing this game.
And I can tell already, I'm not gonna be really big into it, because I'm not really into the type of games where you have to build and construct everything in order to survive.
I've only played a couple of those games, and I'm not really good at them.
I thought it would be more like Borderlands 3, where you get dropped right in, here's your weapon, here's your equipment, go, go, go, go.
Shoot, hunt, this, all of that.
While I was at the laundromat today someone made a mention about AI being connected to this game and then I went digging on Twitter and seeing the similarities and the accusations at that point I just uninstalled the game because the field that I'm in
AI can kinda mess with my job, my livelihood.
I mean, granted, I'm way far up the ladder, but still, it's a chain effect if AI gets more and more into what I do.
I've also spent a few hours with the game and I kind of got turned on to it because of well the fact that it's on Game Pass and you know then everybody it was kind of the same thing I heard like what it's like a 4k Pokemon what is going on and people are going nuts about it all right let me install this and figure out what's going on and I had that's kind of the same takeaway as my first thought I was like this isn't Pokemon
This is a survival game that's using the Pokémon kind of shtick as sort of a mechanic within the game, and specifically Pokémon Legends, which I think is important to say.
Because again, there's no turn-based battles in the game, and even, you know, which is the core element of a Pokémon game.
So, but, but, I mean, here's, here's the thing at the end of the day.
I think there's two different issues going here.
And there's two very different issues going on with this game.
And there are two, I feel two different ways about them.
And that's why I say my feelings are complex.
One of the issues is this talk about AI, and what the CEO has said about AI in the past, and the track record of what else the company has released, and some of these other things.
I'm that's actually not enough evidence for me.
And I'm gonna I'm gonna explain why because we just had a talk on this show a couple weeks ago about Square Enix.
And there was an article about Square Enix and the CEO actually went out and said, we're going to be aggressive with using AI for development.
We're going to use AI to develop these games and do these things.
And, you know, obviously now we have these issues with FoamStars, which we'll talk about later and so forth.
I think what it really boils down to is the issue with AI is that most of us get pissed off when we see AI art ripped off.
And that's the part that pisses us off.
If you're using AI for map generation,
for enemy stuff for automating textures in your game to help turn around HD graphics that's been trained on your own process and your own thing.
I think generally, the public doesn't have an issue with that it's AI art that they have a problem with.
which leads to the second issue.
So with AI, again, also, one of the things I want to say on that with AI is that Steam has a policy.
That's another thing that we've talked about in the past couple weeks.
Steam came out with a policy and said, our publishers, if they want to be on the store, they have to disclose that they're using AI in their game.
And here's a report button to report if you suspect that that's a thing that's being used.
This is right now, like one of the most ever, like it's up there with Baldur's Gate 3, with how freaking popular it is on Steam right now.
And from the discourse trademark I've seen online, I'm sure people have been reporting it.
Now, the company, I guess, could lie, but that's an awfully big bet for them to take, is that they're not going to get caught.
So, the evidence saying that this game is using AI, not good enough for me.
And what's being used as evidence right now, then why aren't we all canceling our Final Fantasy Rebirth pre-orders?
because Square Enix is going the same way.
I hope nobody bought that Prince of Persia game from Ubisoft because Ubisoft CEO CEOs tend to be tone deaf.
But at the end of the day, it's going to be the sales that drive those games.
But now I want to talk about the second issue.
And the second issue is
Plagiarism
Look, if I'm at Nintendo or I'm at the Pokemon Company, I've probably got the legal team drafting up a cease and desist that's going to hit on Monday or Tuesday.
And that is going to be very fascinating, because I think we're on a direct collision course for some type of, you know, Street Fighter versus Fighters history type of thing going on here with this, which is a very classic
Capcom Lost Digimon Storylines
Well, and what's interesting too, is that there's also this whole thing with the rockstar suing remedy games because the logo is, and it's like, they don't look anything alike, but some companies are much more litigious and in protecting their IP than others.
And I think the other thing with Pokemon specifically is that I'm pretty sure most of the major Pokemon, maybe not all 1000, but I could be wrong, but most of them, especially the ones that they're going to turn into plushies and toys, they get trademarked.
And I think that's the thing that's going to be a little unique about this is that if they can prove in court that these are Pokemon assets that were lifted and pallet changed or like swiped around, you know, these types of things, that's going to be very interesting because I think they've got something with their assets that not all game companies have.
And that's the trademarks for this other stuff.
But there's also, um, I believe there's the 50% change rule to where something becomes free use or fair use.
But one thing, though, about the 50% rule, that rule might just be here in the U.S., but it might not apply in Japan because, you know, trade and coverage laws are different there.
Yeah, but they're still selling the game in the U.S., so it still has to be.
Yeah.
So.
All right.
You got that one.
Um, and I am looking at chat as well.
Sorry, I just want to point out Mike def says I do think that pal world is going to be the flavor of the month game.
Nobody the concurrent player base is going to drop really hard come in February.
And I actually I actually kind of agree because here's here's something very important to keep in mind.
There's Pokemon fans out there.
I made the mistake.
of going in and looking at the discourse trademark on this last night because I find this whole thing actually super fascinating because at the end of the day, usually when you have games that are that hard cloned, and I want to point out, you've got elements of arc in here, you've got like the font is like straight out of Breath of the Wild and a lot of like the art direction when it comes to the structures and the way the world is built is very Breath of the Wild inspired.
You've got obviously the Pokemon element so forth.
It's borrowing heavily
for many games out there and usually games that are clones like that they fucking suck like we just we go oh it's a mobile knockoff game garbage throw it in the bin right the neat interesting thing about this game that's I think put is like the sum of all the parts is actually kind of not bad especially considering the game is still early access that's that's the wild thing about this game the wild thing about this is that it has no right
to be as smooth as it is when you consider what all may or may not be going into it.
But I agree that with the thing that's a flash in the pan game.
And I'm going to tell you why.
Because Pokemon fans are getting their feathers extremely ruffled at this game.
It's not a again, there is no, there's no turn-based combat in the game, the core feature of Pokemon.
I don't think this will be a flash in a pan game per se.
If it does, it's going to be around for a little while longer because from people I've seen playing this game,
The majority of- not the majority, but a lot of people playing POW World just to spite Pokemon and Game Freak because these are fans of Pokemon who are tired of Game Freak's actions when it comes to the games and so on.
They're just doing it out of pure spite, which if you ask me is why there were so many concurrent players on their servers to do this, okay?
Yeah, well, I mean, yeah, you can't ignore that there is at least 3 million people out there that are saying loud and clear, Nintendo needs to step it up when it comes to tech.
Is it like the fact that, you know, Pokemon in 4k, even though I don't think that's what this game is at all, the fact that that is the perception out there in gaming culture that has absolutely led to why all of these people are suddenly downloading this game and the success and all that and that, oh, it's online multiplayer, it's smooth, it looks really good and all this stuff.
Yeah.
Now,
I want to be also fair to the Pokemon Company.
You know, I know Gen 9 gets a lot of crap, but I still believe in my heart of hearts that that game was set up a little bit because I believe they optimized it for a Switch system that never came out.
I will take that to my grave.
I firmly believe that OLED Switch that we got was supposed to be something much different, and because of the pandemic, they scaled it way back, and the Pokemon games technically suffered for it.
But it's going to be very interesting to see what happens with the next switch now.
But here's the other thing.
I really don't think Pokemon or whatever has anything to worry about, because here's the thing.
Pokemon's got a lot of soul and a lot of charm because they have the voice acted, you know, Pokemon that make the cute.
They got the anime.
They got the plushies.
They got the world.
They got that whole they've got the trainer.
I'm going to be the very best.
I want to go get them all.
And people, you know, and here's the thing, like I'm going to be honest.
This isn't completely a dig on PAL world because again, I enjoyed it much more than I thought I would.
But at the end of the day, I found, I find PAL world to be very soulless.
In Contrast
at the end of the day.
And that's something very important to Pokemon that PowerWorld is not bringing to the table.
Now PowerWorld may be successful for other reasons.
But again, I don't think Pokemon fans have a goddamn thing to worry about.
Now as far as Nintendo and that that whole mess, I do feel the game that I've played this weekend, I will not be playing in its same form in six months.
Let's just say that.
I'm kind of hoping for that.
And from what I've seen, there are people who have already set up private servers to play together.
So if this gets to CND, there's going to be underground power fight clubs going on.
Maybe.
Maybe, yeah.
I think the most interesting thing about this game is it's causing us to face all of these issues in the industry, like, head on.
Like, all at once.
It's the AI.
It's the clone thing.
Because, I mean,
If we want to talk about asset grabs and putting them in a game, I find it very interesting.
I think maybe out of all the short blogs I read last night, I saw one out of many that mentioned vampire survivors.
Now, why do I bring that game up?
Because that game obviously lifted a lot from something else, but because it was so different
I think people didn't notice.
Or perhaps they were sick and fucking tired of the company that owned those assets, which is certainly possible.
Nobody really brought that up.
You know, and then of course there isn't the, and I'm going to say that the comments that the CEO made, they're not great.
I'm not going to defend them, but I think a lot of CEOs are making ridiculous comments.
And that whole thing, what I feel like happened is that, okay, they went away from AI and they hired people because they talk about the person that came in to do this.
Yay.
That's good.
But it sounds like to turn around the amount of monsters they were looking for in a short amount of time, allegedly there may have been some shortcuts, not such a good look.
So, um,
It's going to be interesting.
I'm looking in chat over at twitch.tv slash VOG Network.
Fifth Dream says this doesn't feel cheap or cobbled together.
Yeah, like again, for a game that borrows heavily from a lot of influences, it doesn't feel cheap, especially again for a game that's early access.
Questbuster says PAL world definitely has a lot of jank right now.
Could mods change that or will the developer actually stick with it?
Who knows?
It's too early to tell right now.
Yeah.
And the fact is, this game ain't going anywhere, unless we see something happen from Nintendo or the Pokemon company and their legal team.
And even then, that doesn't mean the game goes away right away.
I think there's I think there's about to be a very interesting legal discussion happening here.
And this is going to be something that really guides our 2024 in gaming because something else to consider.
Ironically, everybody else is going to be looking at the runaway success of POW World.
And now there's going to be clones of the clone.
Send in the clones!
That's what's about to happen.
Well, I mean, Sony did that a long time ago.
PlayStation All-Stars.
Yeah, that was a really great idea.
I mean, clones of games have always been a thing in this industry.
Always.
I mean, Minecraft.
Hello.
How many Minecraft?
I mean, essentially, it's kind of, if you think about where this is, it's kind of a Minecraft clone.
Doom, when that came out, then first person shooters were all the rage.
Street Fighter 2, probably the most cloned game of all time.
Or fucking Flappy Bird.
Anything that gets traction usually ends up getting cloned in one way or another.
So it's,
Pokemon is known to and there's other Pokemon clone games out there.
It's just this one has now gotten the AI label on it, which is, let's be real, it's the 2024 NFT sticker is now on this game.
And that's got a lot of people, you know, but again, I, you know, for power worlds credit, I'm not convinced on the AI front, you feeling like it has AI isn't enough.
because every CEO is talking about AI and some of them, like I pointed out with Square Enix, some more than others.
And, you know, again, if they're lying about AI to Steam, that is going to be very, that's a very risky business decision.
That's it.
a great
I'm a step back from this.
I have about 200 other video games that need some love and attention.
I'm gonna go show them some love till Verdi comes back on that.
It's going to be an interesting 2024.
And this is a very interesting way to start it off.
And nobody could have predicted this seven days ago.
I really like all of this came out of nowhere.
So it's, it's gonna be very interesting.
Let's see.
Tigerclaw says 2024 is the year that AI be the talk of the town, good or bad.
You know, what's interesting is I was having a chat with a friend on this.
And this, this is true.
AI is not leaving, period.
So we have to figure this out.
We kind of need, what we need to happen is we need our government to regulate the use of AI art and who ultimately owns AI art and most importantly, how AI art can be trained.
The government needs, they're never going to do a goddamn, our government is incapable of passing a fucking budget.
They're not going to, they're never going to get to this.
So it's it's going to be the Wild West in some ways or it's it's going to be court cases one one after the other.
Fifth Dream in chat says we also need to differentiate AI art and AI.
Yes, I mean, that's important, too, because AI and game mechanics, you know, AI and game mechanics has been around since the fucking Atari 2600 or even since before that.
It's it's, you know,
It's AI art.
That's, that's the controversial thing.
And it's AI art getting trained off of shit that isn't yours.
That's the very controversial thing out there.
So that's, that's what this industry has got to figure out.
But again, when it now, you know, on the other hand, we have Foam Stars, I don't think we have a separate story on that tonight, but we have Foam Stars comes out and says, Oh, yeah, we used mid journey to put AI art as album covers in the game.
And now, now,
Now the stank is on that game.
The pit the little you remember pig pen from the peanuts.
That's now what but which is ironic because foam stars game about soap, but but I irony in gaming industry is fucking funny.
Now the cloud of stank is on that foam stars game.
And people are kind of trying to shift the cloud of stank to this game too.
And I understand it, but it's a different stank for me.
So, we'll see.
Rob, let me tell you, to go back to AI art, let's talk AI voice for a second.
A friend of mine, well-known voice actress, found out that somebody ripped her voice from a couple of video games for this person's podcast.
He did a Pokemon-themed podcast where he ripped voices and had them do scripts and so forth.
She and a couple other voice actors and actresses actually had to, they found him, sent emails, fans went after this person for ripping the voices, and he eventually apologized and took them all down.
And the thing is,
shouldn't have done it in the first place.
Right.
Exactly.
The thing is, I'll stick with that impersonations.
Thanks.
She contacted a friend of mine who works for Pokemon, but because of the laws of it wasn't too much they could really do short of like maybe copyright or trademark.
But right now there is no copyright or trademark on voices.
And you know what, I would still loop voice acting in with art.
Voice acting is art.
It's, it's performance art.
And so I still kind of loop it in that same category that that's, that's the shit we really need to figure out.
And that's the stuff that needs to be regulated, how we use it in games.
And to Steam's credit, they're telling companies they need to disclose in their releases, how they're gonna, how they're going to prove it.
That's, that's to be seen because you know what, it might come out that yeah, this game fucking lied to Steam about AI.
And that's going to be a whole
other interesting fucking episode when that goes down let me tell you it's it's going to be an interesting year and I yeah it's going to be a very interesting year this game is is kicking us off that's for sure so um
Let's see.
Um, yeah, but yeah, the voice acting not cool.
Don't do that to voice actors.
Just if you must stick with bad impersonations.
But if you have the voice actors permission, such as James Earl Jones gave permission to Disney to continue.
That's permission.
Okay, that's different.
But stop doing this without permission.
And I would never do that shit on this podcast.
And I think
I hope it was one of those things where they meant well, but boy, that was a mistake.
And they learned a real tough lesson on that.
So anyway, yep.
Yeah.
All right.
Let's move on on something a little more lighthearted.
I want to talk about this because Rama, you went on a really big trip recently.
And I know you were really excited about this.
So tell me a little bit about where you went and what you did.
Well, for those of you who didn't know, I spent two weeks in Japan and I had an amazing time.
I went because I had the opportunity and also the fact that my job is closed for the last two weeks of the year, so I'm like, wait, you mean to tell me we're closed for the last weeks of the year and it's two weeks vacation?
I'm gonna go to Japan, and I made it work.
So, to summarize, I was in Akihabara, I went to Hakone, Takayama, Osaka, Kyoto, Minato, I had a great time.
I was deep into anime, I checked out some video games, I hit some of the arcades, and I just had a really good time.
Rob, I sent you the link through Discord if you wanna show off some of the photos I took, and it's kinda fun.
Yeah, I will, but just remember for the podcast feed, we want to make sure we are describing a lot more here.
I want to go through everything, but I noticed you have some trips to the Nintendo stores, so we'll start there.
So I'm going to pull those up here.
But yeah, tell us a little bit about like, you know, you mentioned like kind of like how you saw gaming culture was maybe a little different there in Japan.
Talk to me a little more about that.
It's a better preservation of products and devices.
And so there's a more of a love for it.
Like let's talk modern, like the Nintendo store.
This is photos from Nintendo store.
I believe Kyoto.
Yes.
And I was there.
It's up on the sixth floor in a shopping mall, and I saw... There are products there that I saw that you cannot get at Nintendo Store New York.
The size of the store is basically twice the size of... Like, 1.5 the size of the entire store itself, but no Pokemon, so that's in a separate section.
And as I was walking around, you could see all of the consoles, you could see all of the merch.
There's a bigger display of the items.
And it's just... It's just amazing.
I was in pure awe of what I saw, because I'm like, I've never seen anything like this before.
I'm like, why don't we not have any of this stuff here, you know?
My partner is big into Splatoon, and I'm seeing all the Splatoon jackets, lifesavers, you... We're looking at a picture now with a ton of plushies.
It's just, like, travel bags.
I'm just like, this... If we had some of this stuff, it would sell like hotcakes.
It's just...
I
Tell me a little bit about you took a adventure as like one of your side trips, you went to the Square Enix cafe.
And of course, I find this very interesting.
Talk to me a little bit about that.
Alright, so check this out.
I stayed at a hotel called REM Akihabara.
It's literally right there in the heart of Akihabara.
I walk down the street and I look to my left and I'm just like, wait, what is this?
It's the Square Enix Cafe.
Me and a friend, we went inside and I was just like, this is amazing.
I don't have that many photos of the inside of the cafe because
I didn't want to be that tourist stopping every five feet taking pictures of almost every little thing.
But inside the cafe itself, there's like little sections devoted to different Final Fantasy games, Kingdom Hearts, and Dragon Quest, and it's just cool merch that you can pick up.
For a friend of mine, thankfully she's not listening, I picked up two Final Fantasy VII acrylic stands.
One is Tifa and one is Aerith, and no, she is not holding the, um, the chair.
Um, did you travel out to like any arcades and what was kind of like the arcade culture like?
Arcade culture was fun.
When I was in Kyoto, I went to round one.
and I was just kind of at first I kind of felt kind of nervous a little intimidated walking in trying to see what was going on so I walked around and I explored and the first thing I saw was a poppin music machine and I was like okay I'm going to play this and I'm just like wait what if my round one card doesn't work here and I look
It takes 100 yen coins.
So I'm like, I have a pocket full of coins.
So I'm sitting there shucking coins in and just playing a few rounds of poppin' music.
And then, by even 10 feet away.
For those watching live, and I just, I really apologize to the podcast listeners, but I have up on the screen right now, it looks like Ranma was playing Mario Kart at round one.
Yes.
And check out the Daisy makeover here in the corner.
I just want everybody to peep that.
There's our very own Ranma.
I think it's the 20th anniversary DDR machine or 25th one.
It's a gold machine.
And I played a round of that and I had fun on that machine.
And I walked around, and I saw the Mario Kart, and I'm like, yeah, I'm gonna get into some Mario Kart.
And I noticed something.
The Mario Kart machines there take these special, uh, Amy cards.
And I went out and bought one of those for like 300 yen, which is like 2 bucks.
So that- so I could keep track of- of- of my- of- of my gameplay.
And I went through...
the 50cc course, which was fun.
I jumped to the 100cc course where you actually have to drift in order to stay in first.
I'm like, oh, it's like that now?
Okay, let's play.
Um, in your photo gallery, I've made my way to this like Dragon Quest store.
It's looks like a, isn't Lawson like a 7-Eleven type of thing in Japan?
I could be wrong.
Yes.
Okay.
Yes.
So you are correct.
Okay.
What is this all about?
Like a Dragon Quest themed 7-Eleven?
Yes it is.
In Osaka, there is a Lost Sins family mart that's Dragon Quest themed.
And when you walk in, you hear the same sound effect as you walk into a town in a Dragon Quest video game.
Okay, that's funny.
I had to take pictures of all the cool stuff there.
I was like, this is way too awesome.
It reminds me of going into particular gas stations.
I don't know if this is around the country, but I know in here, like certain Chevrons, you go into the minimart and the sound of the cash register is the fucking sonic ring sound.
And I don't know if those are like licensed in the same library or something, but it always throws me like I walk in and hear the sonic ring sounds at certain minimarts.
Wild Wild
Oh, that looks like a lot of fun.
So it's it definitely seems like you've got an increased amount of like presence for, you know, video game embedded in the culture.
And I think a lot of us probably are aware that like, obviously, Japan kind of appreciates video games, their cultures.
a little more than we historically have.
I would argue it's growing here.
It's still not at that level.
But like, I don't think video games are really looked down on because most the adults, the people that are the adults now us, we grew up with video games.
So it's not as like fringe as it used to be.
But yeah, you don't see like a Dragon Quest themed 7-Eleven here.
But I remember them theming some of them for the Simpsons when the Simpsons movie came out.
So I've seen him do it for other things in pop culture, but never just never that.
See, Rob, one thing I did notice while I was in Japan, like, I saw, like, collaborations and advertisers for the latest Spy Family movie, Spy Family Code White.
And it reminds me of something where, in Japan, anime is treated like no different from a live primetime television series.
So, like, all the love that Survivor gets here in the U.S., with popularity and so forth,
In Japan it could be Pokemon.
Simple as that.
But yeah, okay.
There's some cute little ads in this gallery we're looking at now on the... Oh, a Sailor Moon store.
Get out and don't tell my husband.
Um, I, well, don't tell him I dropped almost $200 in the Sailor Moon store.
Well, I don't blame you, to be honest.
Here's a giant ad for Pikmin 4.
That was an ad on, well, I was on the subway system.
So there you go.
It's again, it's one of those things where, yeah.
Now, okay.
Let's talk about this real quick.
This is a little bit different than video games.
Oh, KFC.
It's that, it was that time of year to have your KFC for Christmas.
I was going to say you were there on Christmas day, right?
Did you have a Kentucky Fried Christmas?
Yes, let me tell you, I was in Osaka, and I found the KFC, and I go over to get on the line.
The associate is telling me I gotta go over to the other side.
I walk to the other side, and I see these stairs.
People are lined up.
I was just like, wait.
I get on the line.
I waited about 20 to 25 minutes, got my order, went back to my hotel, sat down, and ate it.
My brother in Christ, I have never had KFC so delicious in my entire life.
I mean, I have, but it's been like years.
I mean, I think when I was a kid, that was the last time I had KFC that delicious, that tasty.
And I was just like, wow.
The chicken tastes better on holidays.
That's just fact.
I had McDonald's when I was out there and it tasted a lot better than the McDonald's I've had here.
It's the whole fact that there's more care put into the work one presents.
It's very much a cultural thing.
And the quality of the meat is a lot higher than it is here.
Um, now I'm looking at your photo gallery, and it looks like you went by this store.
And what caught me interesting about this store, you're at this store called Game Station, it looks like, but they've actually got a Fallout 76 ad in the window.
That is interesting to me, because of course, that is not a game developed in Japan.
That's something over here.
So I'm was, was this like a
I think it was like a secondhand type store where they get all types of stuff in there.
I believe that's why I went to Nakano Broadway which is like four floors of
Nerd stuff.
Oh, yeah.
Look at this in the store.
It's Five Nights at Freddy's, Minecraft, Nuka Cola.
There's a Skyrim shirt.
So this really is like shit big in America.
That's not big in Japan.
That's interesting.
Did you go to like a book off or a game off or?
Yes, I went to a book off and.
Amy, I made out like a bandit.
Oh, there we go.
Oh, my God.
If I had known that you were going somewhere that had Transformers.
I would have sent you over more than just for my cup.
Dan's been really big back into collecting Otus Transformers.
Man, let me tell you, when I was in Japan, I get an email from Amazon about my Sailor Venus cuposkets.
They've changed the street date to unknown.
So I said, you know what?
I'm going to try to find it when I was there.
I found both of the figures that I wanted.
I paid a total of 4,000 yen after tax, which is at the time a little bit over $25.
Yeah, that's a lot cheaper than...
and I can't, I canceled my pre-orders.
And the best part is it says on the packages, unopened, but I bought a lot of secondhand stuff.
And from looking at it, you can't tell it's secondhand because of the care that people put into it.
Like right now I'm- Oh no, you can go like designer bag shopping in like say Ginza or Bropungi.
And like, I'm talking like Chanel.
Dior, you name it.
And even if it's like the only tiniest little defect, it's enough to mark something down to almost 25% of what it originally cost.
Yes, that is 100% correct.
Because some, like I said, some of the stuff I saw, like I saw somebody sell something, it was brand new.
All he did was open the box and look at it and put it right back in the box.
Massive markdown!
Like, right now I'm holding one of the Ranma 1.5 games for Duo CD.
I paid... PC Engine Duo?
Yeah.
PC Engine Duo.
Yeah.
I paid a little bit over 2,000 yen after tax.
If I were to take, like, the paid stickers off and look at it, I swear, this looks like it's brand new.
There's so much care and love.
All you need is a duo, right?
Um...
VOG Network, DJ Ranma S
then people are definitely charging up for them, like 300 bucks for the system.
But sometimes you can just get, like, the Core Graphics unit, which is just like the TurboGrafx, like the plain base TurboGrafx.
You can get the Core Graphics that uses Japanese HuCards pretty inexpensively.
And then you can sometimes find the Duo add-on a little bit less expensively.
What's going to get you is, depending on what kind of card that they take, like if it's an arcade card, those are going to be pretty pricey.
That's why I was saying you'll want a Japanese core graphics, because the converters for the HuCards, they don't always work, and they're sometimes more expensive than the systems.
I know you guys are talking about games.
Oh sorry, which is important in what this show is about.
Go ahead, Jamie.
It's just one last little thing.
This will help people who decide to import games.
You can use an American Turbo Duo and it will play most of those games because it has it built in, but you'll need to actually have a full Turbo Duo.
Okay, so obviously, I'm trying to interject because sorry, no, you're fine.
Because you all are talking about games is what this show is really about.
But you all know that there is a secret second topic on this show.
And that is food.
So Rama, I have to ask you this, because I'm looking at this fucking divine looking bakery, like I see all of these donuts, like I'm crying in diabetes right now, but I would I would have just a bite or five.
of many of these divine samplings in here.
And we even have like video game themed things here.
We've got like little Pikachu and Snorlax themed, you know, like donuts there and all of this stuff.
And I noticed you got all these pictures of the cases.
Ranma, now I got to read a bitch for a minute here.
You've got all of these divine donut offerings.
And then I see in the next picture, you bought the plainest fucking donut on the rack.
Explain yourself.
You ate the plainest fucking donut you could in Japan.
What is wrong with you?
You have to blame the medication that I am on.
I'm sorry.
Okay, fine, fine.
All right.
All right.
As a diabetic, I shouldn't be bitching, but I could.
It made me laugh.
I'm like, like anything in that case he could have ordered.
Rob, let me tell you something.
If you saw the pictures of the food that I ate there, oh, you'd be one angry bitch, okay?
No, I would.
But if you tasted some of the food that I had, you'd swear you have died and gone to heaven.
I mean, I've had real sushi and sashimi, and I was just like, oh my God, this is delicious.
I had beef sushi, and I was just like, this is a thing?
Oh, yes.
Rama goes to Japan and just the most divine baked goods you've ever seen here.
orders a fucking plain donut.
Okay.
All right.
Okay.
All right.
All right.
Let me explain that again.
I'm on medication for weight loss.
You don't have to justify it.
It's funny more than anything.
I know.
Just saying, as I'm walking around building up my hunger, I'm just like, I just wanted to get something, you know, to try.
Yeah.
We all know Dunkin Donuts, right?
Sure, of course.
To summarize, they had a chain in Japan, sold it off, and it became Mr. Donut.
And that's basically where I went.
Oh, that was way better than any Dunkin Donuts I've ever seen.
I had a plain honey dip donut from Mr. Donut.
I had Japanese coffee, which is absolutely delicious.
I came back with four bags of it, okay?
I just wanted to try the Mr. Donut.
I will be going back to Japan soon, and I promise you I will try the different Pokemon.
All right, I love that.
But now I'm looking at some of the other pictures you got, you got some, but then wait, not only do you have this yummy, you know, dish here and then this is a very pretty, I love this.
And then why did you take a picture of Shake Shack?
Because I had to, I got, I got off the subway and I turned and I just go, Oh my God, it's a Shake Shack.
It's the same fucking thing you can see in any town.
It's a Shake Shack, Ranma.
Rob, I saw a Shen Yun advertisement when I was on the train.
When I was going to Ikebukuro, I saw an advertisement for Shen Yun and I'm just like, are you serious right now?
Clearly nature is back.
I wish you could take a picture of this.
I'm like, nobody's going to believe me.
Anyway, all right.
I know I know we want to get into some other stuff.
I don't want to, you know, but I'm sure you and I'm sure you'll talk about this a lot more on Anime Jam session as well.
But you know, just kind of any other takeaways, especially remembering like, you know, this is gaming and gaming culture show just kind of like any other like takeaways about, like how it was different in Japan to you than what you're used to seeing here.
I forget the proper term for it, but it's called the Spirit of Hospitality.
That is basically what I saw when I went into Animate, or BookOff, or Surugaya, or Super Potato, seeing all these second-hand video games and arcade anime swag and so forth, looking to see the care and maticulation of it.
Again, you'd swear it's something brand new that someone just bought, and they're just putting it out on display.
It's just the love and care that I saw that made me feel like, you know what?
I love this.
This is not hard.
Like, when I was at Super Potato, I saw a bunch of video games that didn't have boxes or manuals, but the way the carts were laid there and pristine wrapped, and it's like... You can tell there's love behind all of this.
Um, are you- There's pride in your work.
Yup.
Surely you're thinking about already going back.
Yes, I am.
And taking me with you.
And me.
Yes.
I will tell you this now.
The best advice I can say if you're going there as an anime fan or a gaming fan, if you want to buy stuff, make sure that you can take two carry ons and save Akihabara for last.
because that's where you could be doing the bulk of your shopping even though I was in Bendintown which is better known as Nihonbashi where you saw the gaming photos as in Osaka but there's more over in Akihabara and I say that because there is a Don Quijote right up the street where you could pick up a second bag for 15 bucks to pack your stuff in and go
Okay.
Well, I'm going to close with just a few more of Ranma's photos here because I've got a few more food shots here and we'll kind of wrap this segment with this.
I love this.
You got to like a nice Diwali presentation.
And, you know, for me, I'm very happy.
I see everything's in English as well.
So I feel like I wouldn't be too lost if I went to Japan, but you got some very lovely things there.
And then you have another, it looks like another picture of the menu here, and then just, you know, some more food.
And then we just end it with beer 30.
Yeah, that is an actual restaurant that I walked by, you know.
It was a fast food, it was a regular sit-down restaurant with different types of beers on tap.
Guess what time it is.
And I will tell you this, I went to this place called, I think it's called Meat and Beer.
I have a picture of it.
I sat down, had a beef bowl and a beer.
I paid 1,200 yen for it, under-converted, that's about $8 for a full meal.
You can't beat that.
It's a lot cheaper to eat out in Japan than it is to just go grocery shopping.
One of my friends just checked up at an Airbnb in Kyoto and lived there for like four months.
And it was like, it was inexpensive and everything was accessible and yeah.
Especially if you're in Tokyo, traveling throughout the trains is just simply amazing, and it's so easy.
Just don't use your cell phone.
If you have an iPhone, you're good.
If you're Andrew, like me, you're going to need an IC card.
which I have one right here.
I just understood it was discouraged to be on your phone on the train.
Actually, not anymore.
There are people who are using their phones as per normal.
I have seen people eating and drinking on the platforms.
From what Evan has told me, as long as you're not publicly intoxicated, it's kind of sort of fair game.
Oh, interesting.
Yeah.
Oh, yeah, you got to meet up with Evan from well, he was affiliated with Electric Sisterhood some time ago and wrote for their website and all that stuff when they were still around.
So and he's out there doing like teaching now, right?
DarkSakura, VOG Network, DJ Ranma S, Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
Yeah, I can.
I really didn't play a whole lot.
You know, I felt fine a week until I had my COVID shot, and I'm already starting to feel a little bit better, just, you know, I'm drifting off.
But I...
I did my first sponsored stream for Genshin Impact, and you want to know what's sad?
Game's fucking fun.
It's sad.
There's a lot of people super into it.
But I still want to boot Paimon off a cliff.
There's a reason why they call it Weeb Breath of the Wild.
But like,
There's like a thing for my sponsorship that if I play with somebody for like 30 minutes on a stream, like a co-op or something, that they'll do something, I don't know.
But at any rate, you know, I went into it with no expectations and left very, very pleased with it, although I really wish I could change the language so that I don't have to hear Paimon's voice.
It was cool, definitely a little bit simplistic and the location system in the game definitely gives you some work.
But I was pleased with it.
And then I did some of the new DLC for Cult of the Lamb, The Sins of the Flesh.
You can go around doing naked dances.
There is a rhythm game section in there, which is really hard to do on the controller.
I'm even thinking about just doing that part on the keyboard, but you play drums and it's very simple poppin' music with three buttons.
And then you can get people drunk.
Rob, I made very sure to make a special drink just for you in my village.
Oh, yeah.
Or my my compound, I should say.
And you were very, very drunk.
You probably opened a wine cooler and I passed out.
Oh, it was a very beautiful, fruity drink.
OK, well, that's how I like it.
I give everyone else beer.
Um, and then, um, you know, going back through and doing, like, if you have, if you elected to have the one who waits, um, be one of your minions, then they keep giving you quest lines to go and retrieve certain things from the other areas.
But I remembered reading in the, the information for the pack that there was supposed to be another area open up.
Um, I don't know, but you can still also get, you know, I've already gotten all of the, like, the special buildings, so I did the, uh, what is it that they call it, when you get enough, uh, soul energy, you can upgrade things in your town or get new items.
They've addressed some of people's complaints.
Like they have extra storage for grains that the little grain silos can be filled out of.
And then they have the thing that holds like 1,200 pieces of poop.
And then they have magic poop.
Like you can get a golden poop.
I don't remember what it is.
When you pick it up, it gives you money.
And there's like, I don't know what like all the poops do, but there's a rainbow poop, and it makes whatever you put it on grow like immediately.
And, um...
There's just, there's just neat stuff and you can, like, you have this whole Sin currency in the game now, too, where if someone, like, has gone and done some Sin stuff and the Sin starts taking over, you can go absorb them and absorb their Sin and then use it to go shopping.
Like, if I could just pay Sin to go shopping, then... I wish I could go to Japan and just buy stuff with Sin.
That'd be fun.
I did play Dead by Daylight.
I'm not going to be doing that tonight because I don't have the mental fortitude to play killer tonight and deal with people.
But I did... People are being stinky because Rank Reset just happened, you know, not long ago.
And then there's the PTB that happened because we're now getting Alan Wake.
right i forgot to bring that up but that's uh that's cool it's an interesting cross i like in in his little intro that you know how like for all the other survivors they show them getting mercilessly murdered at the end of their thing or whatever not him
He's like, do you know who I am?
I'm Alan Wake, motherfucker.
Look at my flashlight.
All of his stuff is flashlight based.
Of course.
So I probably I'm probably going to hate getting his adept.
Oh, yeah.
But yeah, that was pretty much my my gaming week.
And apart from just watching all the fun on AGDQ, that was that was pretty great.
But yeah, I mean, like I said, normally I would be doing Killer Night tonight on Dead by Daylight, but I think the only thing I'll be killing is my mattress when I pass out on it.
All good.
All good.
We understand you're under the weather.
Well, I hate to make you keep talking.
But before you head out, I know you wanted to touch on the classic game of the week this week.
So we're gonna kind of wait for you guys to do your parts.
Oh, okay.
I can do class.
Oh, you're good.
I'll just I'll just sit here in and listen.
Okay, but like, I've literally been nodding off in between stories.
All good.
Do you want me to take care of the stories you were set to do?
if you don't mind.
All right, you got it.
But but I can't but you get your you get your your weeks out of the way and I'll do classic game and then I'll just chill here.
Okay, sounds good.
Um, so let's go to then, Ranma, your your classic game of the week.
Oh my god, my wires are gone.
See, everything is breaking down tonight.
It's all breaking down.
Let's try, how about your gaming week?
I didn't intend on getting sick.
Okay, this is what we call the Curse of the Koi.
Yeah, this is a complete malfunction, meltdown.
That's what's happening.
It's called the Curse of the Koi.
On my show, we have someone named Koi.
For some reason, whenever she tries to join the show,
Hardware failures, software failures across the board.
Don't wish that on the show.
It's got to the point where when it happens, we just go, damn it, Koi.
And then she goes, when we tell her, she's like, you're welcome.
All right.
Well, the spirit, if the spirit of Koi is in this room, knock twice.
OK.
Anyway, Ranma, how was your gaming week?
It was pretty good.
Mondays when I get home from work, I join my friend Kurohikari-chan, and we jump on Discord and join the Alliance, and we play Phantasy Star Online 2.
So I do that every week for a few hours, and the rest of them are just going at it.
And the last time I logged in last week, I've noticed I have logged over 700 hours into the game.
I'm just like, oh wow.
Meanwhile, my weapons and stuff is not as nice as theirs, but we still do LTQs and all that good stuff, which is kind of fun.
Uh, when I'm at work and I have some free time, I see- I find myself playing, like, Monopoly Go, or Angry Birds, Bubble Blast, or that- that- that royal game that- that keeps advertising.
I just downloaded- Oh god, you play that?
tired of seeing the advertisements i'm just like you know i'm gonna see what this is all about so all right well it's it's a sit-down game when you're in the other office that's all that is
And, yes, as I've said, I did put some time in on Power World, which is no longer, and I switched, and after my frustration of the game, I switched that off, and I went back to playing Yohane the Parhelion, Sunshine in the Mirror, and that's basically, it's a Metroidvania game.
Long story short, you have to find the rest of her friends, and you get all these mystic items and so forth, and you just gotta rescue them.
It's kind of fun.
Okay.
Nice.
Anything else?
Ah, that's basically it.
I'm hoping that once I'm done with Yohane the Pahelion, I can actually finish Crisis Core.
I could try to get more... I could finish Cobra Kai, because less than, like, what, 30-something days?
FF7 Rebirth drops, so, you know, I gotta get that PS5 and do the Remake Integrate, and then jump right into that, so...
Yeah, I need to do a replay on PS5 before that comes out.
And because I never did the yeah, I never did the Yuffie part.
I started it because I remember it was I was at Bobby's house when that first came out with the PSR.
Well, not like when it first came out, but like the Dragon Con right around then.
And I remember playing the beginning of it, but I needed to see kind of the whole thing start to finish, obviously, which I still haven't done.
So.
Yeah.
All right.
my gaming week.
So yeah, I did play a little bit of pal world.
I don't think I did anything extremely notable, but just enough to get a sense of what the game was all about.
But other stuff I played Diablo three, I was continuing on with the current season that had started.
So I got I got two characters to 70 because I started with a necromancer.
And then I was like, I think I want to play Demon Hunter.
So I switched to Demon Hunter.
And so I was playing a little bit of that.
But I'll be going back to Diablo four because now see
and DJ Ranma S
At least the wrist pad's not RGB so you don't have to worry about that type of damage.
Anyway, where was I?
So Diablo 4, Season 3 is starting this week, so I'll be checking that out.
And then Final Fantasy XIV, the 6.55 patch came out that has the story that now really leads us to Dawn Trail, and they were really setting up the story for that.
And it was cute, and they brought the first female Hrothgar,
FF14 Players
But one of my friends that I hang out with in real life really enjoys shooty games like Overwatch.
And so we play Overwatch together.
And so I've been, I feel like I'm getting better.
I feel like I'm getting really good with Life Weaver.
But my friend says it's just because he's easy.
I know.
I also feel like I'm really good with Moira.
Like when there's a Sombra that's pissing me off or, you know, somebody that I feel like Moira is kind of like my go-to to be a little bit of a sneaky bitch.
And I know a lot of people roll their eyes when they hear Moira on support, because a lot of Moiras go DPS Moira.
But I feel like I throw plenty of heal balls when it's appropriate.
I don't just use DPS balls.
So heal, please.
Exactly.
Heal, please.
And believe me, that culture is alive and well in Overwatch.
Somebody can be full health and it's like, I need healing.
I need healing.
I need healing.
warp prompt oh my god all of it culverts but I just imagine that everybody has the same problem I have where I have chubby fingers and I accidentally hit the key bind all the time for I need healing like as a healer and these people in the game must think I'm a loon because I'm like it's like but my fat keys hit the wrong or my fat fingers hit the wrong keys all the time so what can you do
So that was my gaming week.
All right.
Um, we're getting into the news now.
Yes.
Let's do it.
Okay, so we do want to do a classic game.
Okay, that's fine.
Let's do a classic game.
And no, that's fine.
We'll get set up to do that.
We must roll the bumper.
I made a boo-boo with the classic game though, because it was aiming for January 2014.
And this is October 2014.
But it counts, because I said so.
DarkSakura IGDAF
And now it's time to travel back to a simpler time where I'll dive into the vault and pull out a classic and tell you about it.
It's time for the classic game of the week.
All right.
So still, even even if we're talking about a game that's nine and a half years old, this is still pretty.
I'm impressed that this game is that old.
What'd you pick tonight, DarkSakura?
Alien Isolation.
which I can't play this game because it makes me really motion sick, but I freaking love the game so much and diving into it.
So at any rate, the game came out in 2014.
It's a survival horror game that was developed by Creative Assembly and it was published by Sega.
It came out on PS3, PS4, for Windows, Xbox 360, and Xbox One.
and it is based off of the Alien series that's 15 years after the original 1979 film where you play Amanda Ripley who is the daughter of Ellen Ripley.
She's basically been looking for all these clues about what happened to her mom and trying to find her.
You get a lot about her story too, about how Weyland-Yutani tried to pay for all of her education and do all of this, and then she turned her back on them once she was old enough.
So it's a lot of her own ingenuity and sometimes, I mean, you can tell she's like really freaked out during the whole thing, but she perseveres despite her fear.
So yeah, I really like the character.
Oh, and she's just like a real person.
She can be a bitch to people.
And, you know, she makes mistakes.
I love how fleshed out she is.
The other thing that's cool about this game is that it mimics the aesthetic of the first movie.
Well, and the second movie was even more in the same lens as the aesthetic, just, you know, a bit more
You know, what would have been a natural progression of aesthetics and design.
Not like, oh, we're going to do Prometheus, where all of our technology looks like it's from bajillion years after the movie we're supposed to be a prequel to.
No comment.
But it is it is a
It was originally intended to be a third-person game, but they used first-person to give it a more intense mood and feel.
There are DLC packs.
There's even one that recreates scenes from Aliens.
And as I recall, I want to say that they got some of the original actors to reprise their roles.
Of course, no John Hurt.
Those scenes were set after his character had explosive front-end diarrhea in the form of an alien.
It does have some AI built in that controls the aliens' movements, which is proper use of AI.
Hello!
A lot of the designs were based around the AI that guides the aliens' movements.
It was very sophisticated.
There have been many ports of this game.
We'll be getting into that in a little bit.
Even a television adaptation, which
You can watch Link through IGN.
But anyway, it is single player.
It has a massive emphasis on your stealth.
Because when that alien comes down, it can hear and smell and...
It's pretty, pretty on the ball.
You can run and climb ladders, go through vents, crouch behind objects, basically breaking line of sight to do stuff like that.
And the alien is not your only enemy.
You can hide under tables or go into empty lockers, you know.
But some of the hostiles are the other humans on the Sevastopol station where you arrive.
There are these series of androids that are called, um, what were they called?
Working Joes.
I have to see if I can find the name in here.
Um, but you, you arrive after they've already had, uh, an alien incident.
Um, and it just reiterates a lot of the themes that go on in some of the alien movies, how humans are stupid.
I mean, it really is a lot of my emotions have overridden logic is what these are.
It's definitely a game worth going back and playing, or at least watching a good playthrough.
But the whole thing that brings Amanda there is that a representative of the company, who you find out is an android,
He arrives and says that they found the Nostromo's flight recorder.
And it was found on a salvage ship called the Anesidora and was brought on Sevastopol Station.
So, of course, with what happened with the Nostromo and the fact that, of course, the company knows what the Nostromo was going out there for, they ended up
You know, wanting to take control of that black box, to retrieve it.
But when they get onto the colony, of course, it's mayhem, everything is shut down.
But it was all caused by one of the, by the captain of the Anesidora when it was his wife who, after they went to explore the derelict ship on that planet, you know, the same one from Alien.
She basically, they, he insisted she break quarantine, come on the ship, got her to Sevastopol and the chestburster popped out and we know what happened from there.
And so, uh, you are fighting the station's AI Apollo, um, who has put in like different measures to try to control what's going on and keep the, the, uh, the being contained, the alien contained.
And that Seegson, which is the company that controls Sevastopol Station, actually sold it to Weyland-Yutani.
And that's why Apollo is trying to protect the alien.
And so basically it's a lot of her trying to go in and survive and find the flight recorder.
And, you know, try to save as many people as she can.
But just all kinds of stuff, you know, goes on.
She does not have a good day of it.
Like, even going through some of the same things that Ripley went through at the end.
And of course, there are many spinoffs from this.
I read the comics that she was in, it was really good.
But this was... Basically, they had...
conceived the game after finishing Viking Battle for Asgard with Sega.
And of course, Sega had acquired the license for Aliens games in December 2006.
And so they put the first prototype out there, where basically one person controlled the alien and the other would try to hide from the alien, you know, and Sega was like, we like this.
And it was based of course more off of Alien as opposed to Aliens, but there were a few things that of course were included as nods to stuff that goes on in Aliens.
They really were trying to maintain that retro-futuristic atmosphere.
Fox, the studio, provided them with 3 terabytes of production material.
That included costume photography, concept art, set design, behind-the-scenes photos, videos, and the film's original sound effect recording.
they were able to get things that nobody had seen.
You know, if you didn't work on the movie, you didn't, you didn't know any of this.
And so it shows in the production quality.
The game is, you know, amazing.
Like you have the chunky, you know, phone receivers, monochrome displays, CRT monitors with distortion, and even some with burn-in.
You have they recorded the animations these monitors for on the VHS and Betamax recorders and you know, they They really went all out for the effects I mean, I can't say enough good and it also does run on a proprietary engine that was used in Viking Battle for Asgard, but it was tweaked to include the atmospheric and lighting effects and the way that the alien behaves and
It also incorporates deferred rendering so that they can put hundreds of dynamic lights in a scene and, you know, have it work properly and not take up too many resources.
You know, it's just, it's a very, very amazing system that they worked out there.
Today, it would still, you know, go.
And they had some canceled things that were in there.
Like, they,
They wanted to have, like, people fashioning weapons, but there was more to the game than just, you know, weapons and shooting.
They wanted to also include the alien's blood as an in-game mechanic, you know, so that, like, you could melt through some things as part of a puzzle, but then they thought, said it would take that into a, quote, weird direction.
I'm hoping, because they said that a lot of it was developed with a third person view and I would love to see if someone's modded that back in.
But skipping past some of the marketing stuff, there is DLC including Crew Expendable.
and Last Survivor.
They were made available when the game came out.
So Crew Expendable included the Nostromo edition which was the scene from, recreated a scene from Alien and involved the player controlling either Ripley, Dallas, or Parker trying to flush the creature out of the Nostromo's air vents into the airlock.
Which, as I recall, I think was actually more based out of a deleted scene from the original movie that might have been reincorporated into the director's cut.
Last Survivor was also made available to players who pre-ordered.
And you control Ripley as she tries to activate the Nostromo self-destruct sequence and escape.
Of course, Jonesy is there.
We love our Jonesy.
Good Kitty.
And then there were an initial five more DLC.
There was a survivor, expanded the survivor mode with new features.
A season pass to these could be purchased.
There's also Corporate Lockdown, where you would play as
Different corporate people that you just hear from in the periphery.
There's another one called Trauma that had a new character you could use on different maps.
There's Safe Haven with another new character that, you know, basically they're just like NPCs through the normal one or background characters and you get to play as them and see what their story was.
The game had really, I mean,
It had pretty positive reviews, although some people were just like, meh about it, and I don't know why.
Because it's really good.
You know, the design in it was very well received.
Certainly one of the talking points.
But a lot of people just did not care for how difficult the game was.
Even easy, the game is very difficult.
It did win some awards, PC Gamers Game of the Year 2014, Audio Achievement at the 11th British Academy Games Awards, Best Audio at the 15th Game Developers Choice Awards, and four awards at the 14th National Academy of Video Game Trade Reviews.
So it's got tons of accolades.
Even though the sales were weak of the game, Creative Assembly did want to do a sequel, but then most of the team that worked on the game was no longer at Creative Assembly and they were working on a first-person shooter.
So there were the comic book sequels, Aliens Resistance and Alien Rescue, both came out in 2019.
A spin-off by D3Go called Alien Blackout was put out on mobile devices.
It came out in January 2019, but it was shut down on October 31st of this past year.
There is a pinball video game adaptation.
In Aliens vs. Pinball, there is a mode for alien isolation, there's a novelization, and a streaming television series that was released on IGN.
I picked a doozy but it was worth talking about.
There it is.
For me, it was the aesthetics of it.
You know, I just was like, they've nailed this freaking universe.
And especially with, you know, just how sort of thinking of just nefarious the Weyland-Yutani Corporation was in dealing with this situation.
It's like, well, we want this.
We're going to buy your company or buy your station.
It's now us.
Everything on it is our property.
and just the way that it ends, that isolation.
You really, really feel alone in this game.
Even when you've got other people, you're spending a lot of time going off on your own.
There are ports that I forgot to mention.
There's Linux and OS X versions, which I'm sure is still going on the current Mac OS.
There's a Switch version in 2019 and then an Android and iOS version from 2021.
It is also available on Amazon Luna.
DarkSakura, I know you're heading out, so any final thoughts for us tonight before Ranma and I run through the news?
Oh, I'm sorry to leave you guys.
I'm just, if I could keep my head up, I would.
Oh, thank you for the hearts, Ran-chan.
I am doing hearts back.
Thank you, Ucha.
But I want to thank Ran-chan for my Kyoto mug from Starbucks.
I love it.
It's very pretty and I will never drink out of it.
It's going up with my Sakura mug from one of the other locations.
I have a little like a child size sippy cup that's got Sakura all over it and I'm not ever taking it out of the box.
All right.
And I just also want to thank you.
I'm feeling emotional, so I just want to thank all of our listeners and all of our friends and everybody for helping us make it through to this this year, because, I mean, it'd be really terrible if we're just talking to no one.
And we're talking to all y'all.
So thank you.
Hearts.
Yes.
There's always been at least one person we've been talking to from the very beginning.
So yeah, definitely appreciate the listeners.
Appreciate appreciate that for sure.
So all right.
And then as for me, it's over.
There you go.
All right.
Rest up.
Feel better.
Tater taters.
All right.
Take care.
Bye.
All right.
Well, how about that, Ranma?
Look at that.
Now it's just you and me running this show.
I feel like we belong.
Have you ever seen the movie Air America?
All right.
We'll get there.
We'll get through the news.
So why don't you why don't you start us off?
Tell us what's going on.
You shared this one to our Discord server, which, by the way, if you want to talk news with us throughout the week, VOG Network dot com slash Discord is the place to be.
Ranma, I caught that you shared this one, and this is the latest in a disturbing trend, right?
Yes, very.
And
I felt kind of emotional when I was, first when I was seeing like people posting photos of Best Buys ripping out the game sections or seeing just empty shelves.
It was just like, I can't believe this is actually happening.
And I understand not everybody buys from Best Buy.
Everyone has their place, but for me,
And living in New York City, Best Buy is more convenient for me to go and do my shopping.
But for some people, it's Walmart.
And now what we're discovering is that Walmart is removing video games from their stores.
And they're starting with...
And in a way, the stories coming out, it doesn't make sense, but at the same time it does.
Supposedly, Microsoft told Walmart to remove the game.
There's been no proof that that was said.
It's just that this is what's happening.
as there was a memo that came out that talked about them removing the physical copies of the game from its platform and no longer sell it.
If you're lucky, you might be able to find a copy for three cents as it's being marked down.
Stores aren't supposed to sell it, but if you get lucky, it's your three cents worth.
Wow.
Um, it would be very well, you know, you know, who's gonna celebrate this news if you know, again, this is kind of just like one instance, but it definitely if you can't help but feel like, oh, this is the latest in a trend, but you know, who's gonna fucking celebrate this news?
You know, who's so fucking happy about this?
GameStop.
Because, I mean, as these other places that sell the physical media is going away, GameStop now and granted I and to be fair, many people, you know, many GameStops have scaled back on that too.
And we know GameStops sell a lot of other crap than just video games at this point.
becoming like NerdStop or GeekStop with all of the stuff that they're selling.
But, you know, but yeah, but GameStop kind of got done in by Walmart in some ways.
So it's interesting if Walmart does start to scale back on this because, you know, square footage inside of Walmart is valuable.
If there's other stuff they want to put in there, then, you know, phone accessories or whatever it is they're going to put in there, then so be it.
But yeah, this is definitely this is
This, I don't want to say this is the end of physical media, but it's starting to feel like shit.
This is, this is getting real.
Like physical media is dwindling.
Rob, let me tell you back in the, I think it was mid to late 2000.
I don't remember.
I used to work as a rep for Best Buy and I would go in, I would do inventory of certain titles, pack out certain movies and DVDs and so forth.
And I would go into different stores and I would just see like,
rows and columns of DVDs and Blu-rays, and when I started, it was a small section for VHS tapes.
Now, I go into a Best Buy, it's just like these short shelves, and it's like maybe four or five, and it's like the top sellers, this is what's out this week, and that's it.
And I look, and it's like,
There's nothing here that I really care about, so I'm just gonna do what everybody else does.
I will just order it off of Amazon.
Which would be the other one celebrating what's happening at Walmart, to be honest.
Well, I do know this.
They're still gonna be selling physical games online, which is where I deal with the bulk of my shopping.
I just be like, you know what?
I will just swing by this location after work, because it's along the way, pick it up, and go home.
Alright, well, let's move on to our next story.
And by the way, part of the reason I'm I'm starting to pick it up tonight show just might be cursed, Rama and I swear it's not your fault.
But here's I'm going to show this for those that are watching on the stream tonight.
I sort of point out that big cell of red rain is headed right this direction.
And I I would I wouldn't be shocked if this power just fucking goes out middle of the show.
So if that's if that ends up happening,
Well, Rob, let me tell you.
Thankfully, Twitch serves as a backup.
And so those days are over.
But it's yeah, it's one of those days, that's for sure.
Rob, let me tell you.
I mean, if the if the people who are participating with us haven't noticed my arm going behind me because I have a heater back here that I've been switching off and on because it is a nice crisp
20 degrees outside, and the insulation of this studio isn't the best in the world, which is why there is a curtain here, because I can stick my hand through the curtain and feel Frosty the Snowman give me a high five.
Oh, yikes.
All right.
Well, stay warm in there.
And Mr. Smush would love your little heat thing, by the way, because, you know, Mr. Smush's place, my cat, for those who don't know, do you know Mr. Smush's favorite place to relax?
Under the oven.
he will get into a little spot between the oven and the counter like when the oven is running mind you but it's don't worry he's fine he's a mod it's a modern oven it's contained in a thing he's wasn't safe there but he'll be because the hot air is blowing out of it he loves to curl up in a little ball right by there just get soak in that hot air that's love
He could listen to this show.
There's a lot of hot air on this show, too.
All right.
I'm just kidding.
All right.
Terrible.
Let's talk about the Microsoft Developer Direct.
They had a big little to do this week and they made some updates on some games.
Avowed is one game that has been on many people's radar.
It will be it's confirmed that it is coming to Game Pass and it is coming out this fall.
And of course, Avowed is one of those games that we kind of got a little bit of a taste of previously from Obsidian.
But it was nice to see a little bit more of that.
I'm into this, and the fact that it's on Game Pass is a huge win.
I mean, again, with everything we talked about, you know, with PAL World earlier in the show, Game Pass is the only reason.
Like, if I was going to pay $30 to check that out, I probably wouldn't have.
Game Pass is the reason why I did.
So it's nice to see The Devout is coming to Game Pass.
In fact, I think just about everything they were talking about was Game Pass related, which is very typical for Microsoft and their events.
Finally,
Senua's Saga Hellblade 2.
We have a date.
We have a date they're finally after all these teasers over all these years we finally know May 21st, which is that's pretty good.
That means it's summer not holiday.
May 21st $50 game, which kind of surprised me.
They're not going full but I don't know if it's because a little bit shorter of a game.
I think the first game was not super long, but it's only $50.
But here's the interesting twist.
It is digital only.
along the same lines of what Ranma was just saying.
This is a digital only for such a for a game that they've been hyping so fucking long.
Digital only.
See, this this is the thing.
Number one, Game Pass has saved me so much money since I've had it.
Number two, this is something I hear from people all the time.
Like, why are digital games just as expensive as physical games?
And I don't know if you know this, but years back,
Digital counterparts were a lot cheaper, but the big retailers were like, if you don't bring the prices up, we're not going to carry your games into stores.
Visions of Mana
That's pretty exciting as well.
I know the mana reboots have done... The first mana reboot was kind of eh, but then the trials of mana ended up pretty good, and I think folks are excited for this one as well.
Ara, History Untold is another game that they were teasing, which I kind of think is their answer to Civilization of sorts.
I think it's a 4X kind of game, so that could be interesting.
Indiana Jones and the Great Circle
Indiana Jones and the Great Circle
One other thing that some very eagle-eyed people were catching, uh, is that apparently the developer direct had a segment about puzzles.
And in the background, there was a quake symbol with texts that said A-K-E-6 that was written in the foreground.
Hmm.
Now, I don't know why there would be a Quake 6 before a Quake 5, but maybe, I don't know, I would think a Quake reboot in this realm of something like Doom and how that all went would be a little more likely, but who knows.
So, that is something.
Maybe they're trolling us.
Yeah.
Yeah, maybe it's just a big troll.
That could be too.
All right.
Let's talk about Tekken 8 because we'd brought up previously some issues with accessibility or actually some neat things that they are doing with accessibility.
And they're making some changes based on feedback that's already come in with that accessibility.
So folks that were testing the colorblind features were saying, Oh, we're getting vertigo and migraines.
So Tekken director, or Tekken 8 director,
Katsuhiro Harada responded and said folks have misunderstood the accessibility options, saying it weren't meant to be useful for all the colorblind players.
Well, that seems kind of like a kick in the butt, but he does clarify it was a work in progress.
We've tweaked that quite a bit to address some of the issues and make sure that it works better for a wider variety of people.
the updated versions will be added to the retail game and the demo we just don't know when but it is worth pointing out Tekken 8 comes out oh this week January the 26th so it's right around the corner so neat uh oh Rama this is uh this is uh this is the end of an era right yeah it is and i was just kind of shocked by that you know i i just never would have expected it but
As the saying goes, all good things come to an end.
And what I mean is, the very last batch of Rock Band 4 DLC comes out.
And it's going to drop on Thursday the 25th.
And this happens to follow the Harmonix launch of Fortnite Festival, which is a game similar to Rock Band, but just playable within Fortnite, which to me kind of makes sense.
If they're putting all this effort into this new game, they're going to probably need a team that was working on Rock Band to kind of get it done.
Yeah, and they charge way more for the DLC in Fortnite Festivals.
That's where the money's at.
Rob, you wanna know something?
What?
Me too.
But I don't either.
But here's the here's the in all seriousness, it is still sad.
And I know like Rock Band 4 was was good.
And, you know, there's people that, you know, miss the plastic instrument parties and all that stuff.
And PogCulture in chat says, I want Rock Band 5, damn it.
Well, guess what?
You got to make a Fortnite account if you want to play it, because that's that's it.
For better or for worse.
That's what you got now.
I remember years ago,
playing Rock Band on the Xbox 360.
It was me.
It was DarkTetsuya.
It was Misty.
I don't remember who the fourth person was, but we would just get together and just start jamming.
We just had a grand old time, you know?
And, you know, the Fortnite Festival, it's all right.
It brings the spirit, except you don't actually sing.
The singing is also keystrokes.
You know, it's similar to guitar or whatever.
But I think Fortnite Festival is fine.
You know, it got me to install Fortnite and check it out.
And they are adding new songs into Fortnite Festival.
It's slow, but they do it.
It's on Thursday.
So I think like Bastille, the... Pompeii, was that the name of the song?
I think that was the song that came out this week.
That one other song came out.
Is that song in Rock Band as well as DLC?
After all these years, I would imagine.
I'm assuming what they're doing is going back to the companies and renegotiating the licenses on the song so they can slowly move them from Rock Band to Fortnite.
It doesn't quite go one for one because many of the key patterns are four.
Unless you play on Expert, then it's five.
And then again, vocals have to be keyed because they don't play like they did in Rock Band.
But
DarkSakura, VOG Network, DJ Ranma S, Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
But it's yeah, it does feel very like end of an era.
And I get that fortnight festival is still because let's be real, like, as much as I say, it's fun.
It's cool.
I like it.
I think that they're like five, they want 500 v bucks.
It's like five bucks for one fucking song.
And then there's a battle pass and some songs like if you want Gangnam style, that's only in or you want Poison by Belle de Vivre Devoe.
What an iconic song.
You have to get the battle pass.
And to that I say, no, I won't.
So now they do have the free song rotation.
And that's kind of something that you know, rock band didn't have is that you get to rotate in that stuff.
That's kind of neat.
But yeah, it's, it's not the same as rock band.
But sadly, it's they're going to get the plastic they are working on the plastic instrument support.
So that will be interesting when they get that in.
That'll be cool.
That would be nice.
Now, maybe they can actually do another production run of that very expensive rock band adapter that's going for anywhere between $300 and $500 on Amazon.
Yes, that would be nice, wouldn't it?
Yeah, definitely.
All right, well, a lot of fans very excited to hear this because Sony is going to be making a movie out of one of their surprise hits from a few years ago, Until Dawn.
So yeah, Until Dawn, which came out in 2015.
My goodness, I didn't realize that game was hitting about nine years old as well.
It's going to be getting a movie adaptation.
David Sandberg, who made the Shazam movies and Lights Out, is going to be directing this.
The script is coming from Gary Dauberman.
Annabelle Creations
technically you can play through the game and just about everybody lives I don't want to spoil but like there's like kind of certain people that have to die but then you can also play through the game and like everybody dies so it'll be interesting to see how they kind of do that choose your own adventure for the movie I
I mean, I don't know, like I'm of a couple of mindsets because I'm like, yeah, the people are really into the story.
It's a good horror thing.
I think I think the movie will be good.
But I'm also kind of like, but the the game stands, you don't need a movie.
The game exists.
The game serves as the movie.
It's it's of a quality enough.
But, you know.
People still, you know, I guess you could say the same thing about The Last of Us and look, that TV show is
Banana's popular.
Yeah, so we'll see.
Well, I will say this.
When I was coming back from Japan, I actually watched the Gran Turismo movie.
It was a lot better than I thought it would be.
Yeah, yeah, true.
Tigerclaw on chat over at twitch.tv slash VOG Network says maybe they'll come up with an original story that doesn't follow the game story.
That could I could see that that maybe they don't have like the same characters.
Maybe the plot is kind of similar.
DarkSakura, VOG Network, DJ Ranma S, Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
If you read about like the reasons why Clue bombed the box office, it was because of that.
It was because of the multiple endings.
It actually did so much better on cable at the time, because, you know, in the mid 80s, in reruns, most of us grew up on that movie watching it on TV because they would show it with all three endings.
And people were into that.
And you could like we were able to suspend disbelief about, OK, sure, there's just three ways this thing ended.
It's it's a silly comedy movie anyway.
So anyway.
All right.
Um, but I think it's neat.
And I think it's, you know, especially if somebody who hosts, you know, horror related things, and I know I have my own nuanced takes on the genre, but I think this is going to be very interesting to see how this translates to a movie, especially if they end up wanting to do a franchise out of it.
Does this mean they do the quarry and some of these other games, or do they try to make more stuff within the Until Dawn universe?
Because you don't make a horror franchise in this day and age, if you're not thinking about a trilogy, at least.
Bear.
Anyhow, let's talk about a pretty cool response from Nintendo to a really tragic earthquake that happened in the Noto Peninsula.
Nintendo is actually donating 50 million yen to the Japanese Red Cross, and they're also going to be doing some free repairs.
So this is a translated version of Nintendo's statement.
We would like to express our deepest sympathies to everyone who is affected by the 2020 Noto Peninsula earthquake.
We will provide
Repairs
We will provide free repairs for our products requested by people in areas where the Disaster Relief Act applies in response
for a period of six months from the application of the Disaster Relief Act in each region.
In addition, we will donate 50 million yen through the Japanese Red Cross Society to support those affected by the disaster.
Regarding repair requests from areas covered by the law following the earthquake, please also see more information.
It should also be pointed out that SEGA is also doing something.
Now, obviously, there's no hardware on SEGA's end.
Sad.
But they've donated the equivalent of about $135,000 towards charity efforts in the 2024 Noto Peninsula earthquake.
It's right here.
So I was like, I thought that happened not that long ago.
So yeah, I think that's a mistranslation error that's happening on Twitter.
Twitter broken?
You don't say.
Shocked, I tell you.
Well, not really shocked.
By the way, can we go back to something way earlier in the show?
Can I, can I call that?
Cause, um, yes, yes.
The whole pal world stuff and the discourse around, well, the CEO said these stupid things.
So, you know, the game must have it.
I just want to remind everybody this, a majority of that discourse, cause I've seen some on blue sky, but the vast majority of that discourse about the CEO said something stupid.
Therefore we can't support it.
It's coming from Twitter.
I'm gonna just set that down, we'll walk away, and I'll let y'all think about that for a little bit.
Oh, sorry, Ranma, I was using the wrong shot, you were split in half there.
All right.
It's fine.
And as you were doing that and talking about Twitter, the theme from Curb Your Enthusiasm just popped right into my head as if it was meant to be, because it makes so much sense.
Yeah.
All right.
Anyway, moving on, let's, oh, this is, oh, so here's the thing.
People are talking about how pissed they are about AI art and how they're not going to buy games that support it.
And I totally get that, uh, depending on how the AI art was trained.
And again, if it's trained on its own shit, that's different, but it seems to be the latest fad and the latest thing we're going to, we're going to gang up on the companies.
Well, let's talk about the last thing we ganged up on the companies with Rama.
Now, before we get into that, I want to touch on something regarding the earthquake.
I remember being home.
My wristwatch, my smartwatch, vibrating like crazy at like three, four o'clock in the morning.
And I'm just like, what the hell's going on?
And I'm checking and I see messages.
Are you safe?
Are you all right?
Are you, I'm like, what the hell?
I had no idea what was going on.
I go to the computer, go on to Facebook.
Cause of course that's where you go to get your news instead of like CNN, you know, and,
And lo and behold, Earthquake.
I was like, oh.
Yeah.
And because of the algorithm half the time, people thought I was still there.
I will say one of my friends who I hung out with, she lives in Nagoya and she said she felt like the vibrations of where she was in the office, but it wasn't so bad.
So she was, I would say she was at least four hours inlet from where it was.
I feel like what was really making the news here and maybe keep in mind, maybe it's because I'm in California, were the tsunami warnings and that element of it was, I feel like making the news pretty heavy too.
Cause that's kind of like, I'm like, I thought that happened, you know, when the mistranslated tweet was throwing me, I was like, I remember hearing all of these tsunami things not that long ago.
It wasn't that the same thing.
So yeah, it's a lot of that here.
and don't forget there was like a small earthquake out in California and then right after that an earthquake kind of hit us in New York because it popped up on the news about some explosion something happened at Roosevelt Island I'm just like nothing happens on Roosevelt Island I read the next day it was an earthquake I was like you know
This next story reminds me of an old saying.
A fool and their money are soon parted.
What I'm talking about is how GameStop is terminating their NFT marketplace.
I mean, who saw that coming?
So, they're basically saying that they're phasing out the marketplace due to regulatory uncertainty.
Well, but GameStop told their users that they have over two weeks remaining to use its platform.
but yet the company assured the holders of their NFTs that the decision will not impact their NFTs, which remain accessible and saleable through other platforms.
So we're shutting it down, but you're able to- You can still show them off to all the people that don't give a shit.
Exactly.
And one of the reasons why GameStop is doing this, they cited a lack of regulation as a reason for reducing their crypto initiatives, pointing out that continued regulatory uncertainty of the crypto space.
The company's headquarters in the United States, where regulatory landscape for cryptocurrencies remain uncertain.
Well, I don't know.
The fact that now you can actually get...
An RTX 3000 series graphics card or 4000 series graphics card at a reasonable price where you don't have to sell an arm and a leg should tell you something.
Alright, well, let's move on to another story we have here, which is, oh boy.
So I totally forgot that this game was coming out like this soon.
And I know like Bobby Blackwolf is going to beat me up for saying that.
But it's true.
Like I, I've seen this game obviously teased.
I like thought this game was like a holiday holiday 20 day 2024 game.
No, like a dragon, infinite wealth.
to the sequel to that game.
I unfortunately did not finish because I get easily distracted by shiny things.
But YouTube, well, you know, it happens.
But here's the thing.
I still am taking an interest in the sequel.
I'm sure the sequel story is completely followable, whether I beat the original game or not.
That's the sequel is coming this week.
It's coming out.
And to build hype for the game, they got XQC to stream the game.
Here's the thing, I'm not gonna hate on the guy just because he's popular, because there's plenty of other reasons, but I'm just gonna say, I don't know why they teamed up with him, well they teamed up with him because he has all of these followers, he has, you know, all these people on, you know, the green site, and does he stream here too?
I feel like he does.
but I think here's the thing he doesn't really care for role playing games and he's kind of like said that that he doesn't like and he's playing the game and when the game goes turn battle which by the way like a dragon as the mainline series is now the
Dragon Quest parody if you will that is now the main series.
So it's that it's not that more actiony old Yakuza game, but I have a fucking feeling xQc wouldn't know the goddamn difference anyway.
And the reality is because this is not his bread and butter.
So I just find it very strange.
that these folks didn't do a little more research on exactly what streamers were going to be doing this.
And they just put it in front of the most popular one.
And I kind of feel like that is, that's a dangerous slope because you know, when he's sitting there going, well, I don't know what this is.
What's it going?
Yes.
It just looks silly.
And there's plenty of popular streamers who do play RPGs who are into this, who would, you know, probably love to play this to be quite honest.
So it's just, I don't know.
It's, it's not, not a great marketing choice to be quite honest.
And I'm trying not to be a hater, but I have no choice.
No, no, you're right.
But maybe they're trying to tap into expanding the market, getting people who play those types of shooters or whatever to check out something new, get them out of his own comfort zone.
That's what I'm thinking.
And to be perfectly honest, the only time I've heard of XQC is the one time Linus from Linus Tech Tips went to his house to help rebuild his computer that he broke trying to build himself.
That was it.
Anyway, yeah, TigerClaw in chat says they just look at who the most popular streamer is, and that's the name that pops up.
Yep.
Now, QuestBuster does point out kind of one of the like bummers about this game is that this was pure marketing, just like the decision to lock New Game Plus behind the more expensive deluxe and ultimate editions of the game, which again, talk about choices like.
I'm sure the game is going to be fine, but I really wish companies would stop making choices
to fuck everything up.
Because there's a lot of hard work that goes into these things and we don't need these choices to fuck everything up.
It'll be on Game Pass eventually anyway, if you're willing to wait.
But you know, again, I think the Yakuza and Like a Dragon fans would, you know, appreciate me saying, still check it out when it comes out.
But you know, these are the things we have to weigh.
Anyway.
All right, well, the game does come out this week.
So maybe a streamer that you like and appreciate will be streaming the game as opposed to somebody that's just popular and then you can come to your own conclusions about this game and if it is for you.
All right, we're gonna move on ahead since we already did the classic game of the week earlier in the show before DarkSakura went on her way.
And I wonder if she's able to sleep with this pissing down rain outside.
I know it doesn't pick up on my microphone with the noise gate, but it's
It's coming down.
So I mean, keep it.
It's West Coast coming down.
There is a difference.
Okay.
When you live on this side of the Rockies, it's a different atmosphere.
It's different, but it's, it's, it's California rain coming down right now.
So it's pretty, pretty well.
Oh, DarkSakura's in chat still.
It says, Rob, I love rain.
I sleep better with hard rain.
Get off your phone.
Go to bed.
Sometimes when I'm streaming.
You know what doesn't help you sleep?
Playing on your phone or your computer.
Rob, listen, when I stream sometimes and the kids are screaming and yelling, I'm just like praying to the streaming gods that when I go back and do the edits, it is not heard.
And 99% of the time it's not.
And then for some reason, the neighbor's dog starts barking.
I'm just like.
All right.
We have another few stories we want to touch on pretty quickly here, just some rapid fire headlines.
So Rama, we'll go over to you.
We're gonna talk about this game called Groove Coaster.
It seems that the game, Groove Coaster 4 Max, is going offline in April.
It seems that Taito announced that this is going to happen effective April 1st, 2020.
Is this a long-awaited April Fool's joke, Taito?
Please let me know now, that way we're all in on the joke.
But according to them, they're going to shut the game down.
Is April Fool's a thing in Japan?
I don't think it is as much.
Probably.
I mean, they're on the Internet like everybody else.
So I think you have to kind of come across it there.
But yeah.
Yeah.
Some Japanese companies have kind of done jokes as well.
So who knows?
Yeah.
But it's it's still announced in January, so it doesn't look not good.
Yeah, so it's shutting down April 1st, 2024, 6 a.m.
Japanese Standard Time.
The Rhythm Arcade game itself will be available after the date as long as the Arcade Center still retains its cabinet, so you have that.
Once the game goes offline, you're not going to be able to record any play data with your Nesica card here.
But what's going to happen is the extra mode and the difficulty levels for each songs will be all unlocked.
So there's no online connection, but everything that's in the game will be available for you to play.
And it will also be local versus mode if there are multiple cabinets there running the game, which is kind of cool.
Well, let's talk a little bit about awesome games done quick.
And if you were here earlier in the evening here at VOG Network, you heard Bobby Blackwolf talk a lot about this because he's involved with hosting.
In fact, ironically, talking about Yakuza and Like a Dragon, that's kind of one of the, you know, Froob is the speedrunner and is the real star of that.
But Bobby has definitely become like the voice off screen that helps, you know, kind of narrate through that whole thing.
And it's a lot of fun to watch.
Thanks for watching!
Like, share and subscribe!
Um, but from a technical perspective, it sounds like because they were doing like an A stage and a B stage this year, they had very little delays.
They were getting through it.
They had like extra speed runs.
So it was a, it was a well-oiled machine and that well-oiled machine raised two and a half million dollars raised for the Prevent Cancer Foundation, to which we give a hearty fuck cancer.
This is a great charity to be raising money for.
So that's amazing.
DarkSakura, VOG Network, DJ Ranma S, Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
any god raising $10,000 for a charity is fucking impressive.
You get up to a number like 2.5 million.
That's mind blowing.
So I don't think any, anyone over there should be comparing to these other years where the economy was different.
The environment was different.
People were consuming more Twitch content because the pandemic yada, yada, yada.
Um, I think that's an amazing number.
And they did, they did this like, of course the dog running gyromite.
That's cool.
Yeah.
Button.
That's, that's, you know, that's, that's infamous right there.
So that's, that's great.
That dog is the bestest boy on this planet.
And then what was the other meme that came out of that?
Hooray.
That's the other thing I'm hearing a lot of.
All right.
Unfortunately, I also for that good news, I have some not so good news.
And that is current layoff updates in the industry.
I hate that this is becoming a regular segment.
But now we have actually a studio we talked about a lot on this show behavior, the creators of Dead by Daylight have confirmed they have laid off
Less than 3% of the total workforce.
I mean, it still sucks though.
If you're one of that 3%, you know, you're not happy.
They're blaming it on changing market conditions, saying, quote, recently changing market conditions necessitated adjusting the scope of several behavior projects.
In these situations, our preference is always to reassign talent to other projects.
Unfortunately, this option is not always available to us.
These departures represented less than 3% of our total workforce.
I feel like something got cancelled behind the scenes.
I don't think this has a goddamn thing to do with Dead by Daylight.
Don't forget that Behaviour does other stuff too, like the dating sim.
But also Meet Your Maker was a game they released last year.
I think the fact that you probably forgot about that until I just mentioned it.
Unfortunately says a bit about the state of that game and so forth.
So yeah, I think it's probably just other projects we didn't know about or maybe some things related to meet your maker.
Who knows?
But yeah, that is a bummer.
Our thoughts to those affected.
Also, with some more cuts at Embracer.
Lost Boys Interactive confirmed the news saying
Headwinds facing the industry right now.
Unfortunately, this does mean we will separate from some of our team members, and we're working closely with those affected.
We know this is a hard time for this talented and experienced group of people, and we'll provide support and assistance through this transition to those leaving.
again, I'm going to say I'm going to say this a lot this year, and I'm sorry in advance for being a broken record.
But I hope those affected can find that silver lining of the fact that video games are art.
And there's nothing stopping you from making art.
And that is how some great
IndieGames
Those that have the ability to band together and do that, I hope people are able to make diamonds out of this lump of coal news and the gaming industry as a result certainly wins as well.
By the way, some other comments coming in from our chat.
Questbuster saying there are rumors that Piranha Bytes, an RPG dev known for their Gothic series, is allegedly threatened with closure.
That's a part of Embracer.
SSJ100 Matt saying there's so many layoffs in tech right now.
It just feels like it's never going to stop.
Google said they're going to have layoffs soon as well.
This is just, it's, it's scary.
And it's, do we blame AI?
I feel like there's more than just the AI thing going on here.
I can tell you this right now, because the company I work for, this happened to us last year.
What happened was,
I think it was the middle of 2022, they hired an efficiency company to see how things work and operate and so forth.
And after everything was said and done in January, one of my co-workers who just came back from vacation was laid off and they gave him $5,000 in like compensation, whatever, and sent him on his way.
And what they didn't realize is this office
Two on-site techs, the workload has been outlandish.
We are getting stuff from the LA office that they need done, like inventory, and we're like, we'll get to it when we can.
There have been times I have stayed late just to catch up for that work or whatever, and now we're being told that
We're going to bring a third person in.
Honestly, these layoffs are coming from companies who are hiring these people to say, well, you have five people doing this role.
You don't need five.
You need four.
And then fifth person gets let go and go somewhere else.
And then you realize somewhere down the line, oh, we really need that fifth person after all.
I wonder if some of this is pandemic related as well, perhaps that, you know, because like tech really changed during the pandemic and things really grew.
And a lot of that tech is never going away, but you do see a lot of companies and a lot of society going back to normal, using my quotey fingers at this point, you know, the world will never be, but never be normal again.
But for the most part, you know, you've got a lot of people that are going back to the office, not everybody, the place I work, I'm still very thankful is telework.
I have to agree with that.
During the pandemic, Microsoft closed all of their stores except for five locations, and those are their experience centers.
All the people that used to work in those stores, they were sent to work remotely to do support and so forth.
As the trends changed and people started going back to work, they started letting those people go.
A friend of mine, a former manager at Microsoft, was one of those people, and it took him about six months to find a brand new job.
and he, let's just say he had to go through AI with his resume to make it look good enough for them to take a look and be like, you know what?
We like you, you're hired.
Wow.
AI to get by AI.
God, what is this world that we do?
All right.
Anyway, I feel like such an old man sometimes, but just... Get off my lawn!
I know, right?
All right.
Whatever happened to applying for... It's like, you know, when my parents were like, why don't you look in the paper to find a job?
Go open the paper and see who's hiring.
The paper is now indeed Craigslist and all this other stuff.
Every job I've had in my adult life since my very first one out of college, essentially ish.
I'm not going to get my whole history, but I found on LinkedIn.
When it comes to jobs, I consider myself very lucky because I'm in a field of work where if I were to get laid off today, I'd find something within 30 days.
Yeah, I mean, I don't I don't ever want that to happen.
But I do feel like if shit happened, I'm like, I have a pretty unique skill set.
I probably have to take a cut and pay.
But I feel like I have a unique skill set that I could find somewhere else.
But I just I really don't want that to happen.
So let's let's stop talking about it.
Okay, agreed, agreed, agreed.
All right, let's let's talk about something a little happier and travel around the world and check out some games that are coming out soon.
Now, Rama, I apologize because Loki kind of just knows the link.
So the one I gave you is like old.
Do you do you have the current link or do you need some help here with U.S.
releases?
Rob's getting in a boat and going around the fucking world.
Here we go.
Coming out in the U.S.
this week, in January 23rd, I believe, we have for Windows, Graven.
For the PlayStation 5 and Series X, we have Howl.
And on the Nintendo Switch, we have Neptunia, Sisters vs. Sisters.
And then on the 26th, we have Macross Shooting Insight for Windows Switch PlayStation.
We have She-Ra and the Wanderer, the Mystery Dungeon of Serpentcoil Island on the Switch.
We have Tu-Hu Luna Nights on PlayStation.
We have Under Night in Birth 2 for Windows, Switch, and PlayStation.
And then kind of the big releases for this week are on the 26th.
We've talked about them both already, but if you forgot, that's Like a Dragon, Infinite Wealth.
and Tekken 8.
Sudama Relation Apollo Justice Ace Attorney Trilogy
Yuki Yuna Wayusha de Aru
Shiren the Wanderer, Tenka,
Toitsu is also out as well, because Tekken's not on the Switch.
Yggdra Union 3-in-1 Special Bundle is also out on Japan this week.
And then going to the PlayStation 5 this week and looking at the releases there, of course Tekken 8.
You also have Aliens Dark Descent getting its release in Japan this week.
If you're into Agatha Christie games, Agatha Christie Murder on the Orient Express gets a Japanese release on PlayStation 5 this week.
So that's about it for Japanese releases.
Let's take a look at the UK.
which I'm not sure this site is going to work for me.
So I may have to beg apologies to our UK fans that I'm not seeing.
I'm not seeing anything either.
I know.
I think it's the same thing where DarkSakura just kind of has a site that she uses, but I'm looking real quick to just see if maybe it's like a browser thing.
I don't hear.
No, it is.
I pulled it up in Edge and it works.
How about that?
Oh, sweet.
Yeah.
So coming out in Europe,
on the 25th of January, Yu-Gi-Oh two player starter set.
Oh, those are cards.
Why is that on this list?
Nevermind, those are cards.
This is what happens when I'm all by myself.
Well, not by myself, but you know.
But the big releases, of course, the same shit I've already talked about, Like a Dragon, Infinite Wealth, and Tekkade, you knew that.
But also, The Walking Dead Destinies is out on the Switch in Europe this week.
So check that out.
Alright, phew, that was a one man around the world trip.
How about that?
Rob, before we continue this, one of the games that you mentioned, Macross Shooting Insight, when this game was announced, there was drama regarding this game because of the US licensing of Macross.
Really?
Tell me more.
One of the characters in the U.S.
version is missing from the Japanese version on the cover box, and that's Lin Min Mei.
And from my understanding it's because of
Harmony Gold's hand-fisted rights on Robotech.
Basically, Robotech is a combination of Macross, and Mostipiata, and a couple of other titles that was mixed together.
It's just all, it's because of the licensing, and in recent years,
They've come to the table and be like, we're finally going to release Original Macross in the US.
It's subtitled, but it's something.
But because of all of this, that one character is not on the cover box of the American release of the game.
Interesting.
I'm reminded of like a Ms.
Pac-Man thing where it's missing from all these collections because somebody different technically has the, but then, but then they will release it as its own thing and it's, it's weird.
Anyway, it's like, it's like the Tatsunoko versus Capcom.
Some characters couldn't be in it because the licensing in the US, but they threw in some extra characters just to kind of make up for it.
Yeah.
Wild.
All right.
Well, this is the part of the show where we want to invite your participation with us.
It's the listener roundtable, and we invite your emails every week.
Participate at orangeandreida.com.
If anyone wants to call in, we can surely arrange that in our Discord server in the green room, vognetwork.com.
And then of course, if you have any questions in chat or anything you want us to talk about, especially remember Ranma's here and just got back from Japan.
Well, not just got back, but we can do all of that.
We actually do have an email tonight though.
So I will go ahead and take that away.
So again, if you want to email us for a future week, participate at orange lounge radio.com is the place to send an email.
This email comes to us from Elliot B. Always good to hear from our friend Elliot.
And I'm going to invite I want to invite the chatters and Rama to reply to this one too.
And you'll see why in a minute.
DarkSakura, VOG Network, DJ Ranma S, Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
After last year's, I realized I actually enjoy having streams on, even if it's just background viewing.
But I had a hard time finding any streamers I liked post-GDQ.
A lot of the top channels on Twitch seemed, for lack of a better word, juvenile.
It's not just you.
So I would like to try again and find new favorite streamers.
Do you have any tips?
My partner likes to have SimStreamer Little Simsion and I enjoy it too, but I think I'm more into the sorts of games featured on AGDQ.
And to head off the obvious answers, I just subscribe to all of the OLR hosts' Twitch and YouTube channels.
Well, thank you for that.
Nice.
Thanks, Elliot B. Well, thank you for that.
I have a few suggestions for you, actually.
Number one, I don't know if you know, but the Games Done Quick stream, if that's the sort of thing you actually enjoy watching, they do content all year round because they you know, those those events that they do, the Awesome Games Done Quick, the Summer Games Done Quick, those are the tent poles essentially.
But they will do like pretty much every night.
I see them live doing something on their stream and
Yeah, that's, you know, kind of how they raise money in part to put the events on through bits and subs and things like that, and kind of keep that community going and you'll bring the speed running folks together.
So I'm imagining you're already following the channel.
And I think if you know, as far as like background noise goes, I think that's a really good thing to put on.
And actually, ZenMonkey11 kind of goes the direction I would actually recommend as well, who says, don't look for streamers you like, look for streams on hobbies and topics you like.
And you asked for tips, and that would be my tip to you, is go into and look for games you kind of want to watch, right?
Like, you know, it's no secret with DarkSakura doing her Dead by Daylight streaming.
I've played the game a little bit.
I like to watch Dead by Daylight streams.
The reason why I like that particular game is that the game cycle resets every 20-30 minutes, basically, because you're going into a new game, right?
Same thing with something like Overwatch or those games, because I don't feel like I'm missing anything.
Whereas when I'm watching a narrative game, and I have watched those streams, especially when my friends stream them,
I feel like it's a little bit harder to like catch a game midway.
You know what I mean?
I want to see things, you know, I think from the beginning.
So there's that.
Bobby wanted to also give you the tip through our chat room.
If you like someone on GDQ, they show their Twitch handle in the GDQ layout so you can find them.
And that's also another good point is that if there were some personalities and people you liked, follow them.
They would appreciate it because there's streamers of all sizes.
that stream in Games Done Quick.
Like, for example, Bobby Blackwolf is a mid-sized streamer.
You know what we do here at VOG Network.
We do a lot of good stuff.
He's, you know, he's not like the small, small streamer, but he's middle road, we'll say.
But there's a lot of large streamers that also participate with GDQ.
For example, I know one that I've been able to meet in person and, you know, is Enigma, Eternal Enigma, who was at Southern Fried Gaming Expo.
great guy super nice guy and I've been in his Twitch channel and he's got hundreds of people popping off at different horror games he's very well received and popular and for good reason he's very animated and has like the soundboard and all that stuff that pops up and he's very he's a very good host I in fact I believe he's done the live hosting thing kind of thing like I have and I it's like I see you bro I see you like you you've got it like I see what you're doing there so you know but my point is with that is that you know especially with an event like Games Done Quick people kind of
They have to check their egos at the door because it's for charity.
So I think there's certain people that would never do Games Done Quick because they have to check their egos at the door.
And I'll leave it at that.
But the people that do Games Done Quick, you know, they're of a certain cloth where they're willing to, like, kind of like put that stuff aside.
You know what I mean?
So
Anyway, Bobby Blackwolf is, of course, shouting out his pal Froob, who did the Yakuza and Like a Dragon speedrun, and pretty much anything related to that, you've probably seen Froob on.
And yeah, Froob seems like a great... I don't know him as well as Bobby does, but just from, you know, again, having it on in the background and picking things up seems like a delight, for sure.
So it's great.
I would also say... Yeah, please.
I would also say, you know, maybe this will help, like, if you have any favorite video games you've played in the past, go on Twitch and see if anybody's playing them, you know, if you know the game pretty well, have it in the background and just hear them go through the game and see if they enjoy it, or...
See if there's any voice actors that are doing Twitch streams.
One of my friends, Michelle Knotts, she did a complete Twitch stream.
I forget how long it took, but she went through Persona 5.
She created her own voices for all the characters in the game.
he fell deep into the lore and just got emotional and attached to it so there'll be parts of that stream where you will be watching but there'll be parts of the stream where you'll be doing other things as background noise as she's doing the voices for all of the the text stuff which is kind of cool yeah
Tigerclaw is recommending a Twitch channel called Classic Tetris.
That's fun.
Questbuster points out part of the challenge is finding streamers that fit your time slot.
Some really good streamers cast at very odd hours because of their locale, making them hard to see depending on when you search.
Yeah.
I would also really encourage you to narrow down your search a little bit.
Use keywords.
If there are certain types of streams you're looking for, use keywords, because I do this a lot.
Because I'm interested in supporting other LGBTQIA plus streamers, so I look for those tags a lot.
I'm not exclusive on that, but I usually find, yeah, I'm going to connect with a streamer.
We're going to have something right away in common if they have that.
But I also like people that will put chill stream, relaxed stream, or even if I'm in that particular mood and maybe you want it as background noise,
Asmr, which isn't always literally somebody doing ASMR.
But it might be somebody that's playing a game just a little more chill tonight.
You know, tonight we're just gonna vibe out.
We're gonna play a little bit of No Man's Sky.
I've just had an edible and we're gonna take on the latest expedition going on in this game.
So why don't y'all just join me in chat and you know, we'll play along.
That's sometimes what those are.
Rob, I have a request.
Yeah, what?
Can you say, the last Metroid is in captivity, the galaxy is at peace?
Of course.
The last Metroid is in captivity.
The galaxy is at peace.
Did that do something for you, Ranma?
You okay?
Here's the thing, when I heard you doing the ASMR voice, my mind switched to that line from Super Metroid, because it reminded me so much of it.
So I needed to hear that!
DarkSakura
DarkStarSakura says, I still want Rob to voice Nia for my DbD project.
The algorithm on Twitch will learn what you watch and recommend streams to you and it's worth paying attention to sometimes.
Yeah, I hope that's given you some ideas as far as like other names.
Well, of course, I would recommend Anime Jam Session.
I don't think, Ranma, you stream really on your personal stream, right?
No, I don't actually, personally, I don't use it for streaming at all.
Everything I do is through Anime Jam Session, and I just keep forgetting to find a time where I just want to do like a chill anime game stream, you know, classic Super Famicom game, just playing through and just having a good time.
I just gotta actually find, like, a time where I can actually do it, so...
I'm just looking at my list of who's streaming right now.
Hazlands is a delight.
He's playing Dead by Daylight.
He's a big DVD streamer, but he's really nice.
Leesh Kapish, she's a lot of fun.
She's got a huge community.
She's playing that Power World game right now.
LapinOnline is just... A lot of people I follow, I met at TwitchCon.
NickNPrince, Dead by Daylight Streamer
Girls Gone Wild went over to Warcraft, I can't, I'm sorry, I forget the name of the Twitch channel, I'm sorry, but I think it's Warcraft Radio, so they do stuff with that.
They have their own Twitch as well, actually.
Girls Gone Wild has a Twitch, and of course I'm still gonna support them, even if they've gone a different direction, I totally understand why, and I think it's, they're still going!
That's great!
They've been going as long as Anime Jam Session has about, I think.
They've been going a long time.
So yeah.
So yeah, just giving you some ideas, some things to consider.
And yeah, yeah, SSG100 Matt says a lot of people I follow are friends of friends, pay attention to the shout outs, pay attention to the people that in chat are bringing good vibes and are really funny or bring something to the table or like somebody whose comments are on point.
And oftentimes, if you click on their name and see a custom avatar, or you can just go to their page and see if they have followers, it'll tell you if they stream or not.
Because if they only have one follower, they probably don't stream.
I mean, it's a dangerous assumption to make because some people are just really trying to make it.
But usually somebody's, you know, gotten at least like 10, 12 people if they've done a couple streams.
And yeah, you can kind of tell that way.
So anyway, just some ideas.
I hope we gave you something to think about.
But yeah, keywords, they go a long way.
It helps.
All right.
Well, that was it for the email.
And I don't see any calls.
And that's all right.
So let's see.
Oh, Quest Buster in chat says on voice stuff, check out the modding community.
Fallout 4 is finally getting a massive mod release this year and it has a ton of voice acted roles.
Projects are always looking for roles.
Yes, that is.
That is another yeah, fan mods and things like that.
Absolutely.
I remember years ago, like, I think when Final Fantasy IV The After Years came out, there was a project behind that to do, um, like, like a, like a radio play for that.
So I knew a couple of people that were connected to that.
All right.
Well, that brings us towards the end of the show.
Oh, please.
Wait, wait.
One thing, I'm surprised this wasn't on, on the show roll, but I want to bring this up about Ubisoft, uh, screwing the pooch.
Yeah, talk about this a little bit.
Well, basically, what's been happening is, I think the CEO basically said in an interview or something like that, telling fans to get used to not owning your video games.
Yes, yes, this has been a meme all week.
And the funny thing is, I have been seeing people get upset about this and be like, I hold a physical copy of the game, I don't know what you're talking about.
And I have said, um, my brother in Christ, my sister in Christ, for the last 10 to 15 years, you do not own the video games that you purchased.
You own a license to play that game.
And the publishers can revoke that at any time as they wish.
But I have a physical copy of the game.
Physical copy of the game, so it has to call home to make sure you can play it.
And they don't want you to play it.
They can do that.
How do you know this is true?
Oh, you need to read the end user license agreement.
I never agreed to that.
Yes, you did.
You have to check that you agree to it in order to install the game on your PC.
Gotcha.
This isn't the same meme that I saw the first time, but this was something that definitely had me thinking.
This isn't the same, but it still gets the same point across.
And the meme goes like this, if paying for games means you don't own them, then pirating games isn't stealing.
Food for thought.
I had a discussion about that.
I have gone on record regarding that.
I admit at one time I have pirated games and movies.
I bootlegged this all of that when it comes to fansubs There's like a general rule of when the series is licensed you drop it and you go to something else It was considered a gray market, but the licensors were like no still bootleg.
You can't do it, and that's what was happening I mean when Fullmetal Alchemist was being released here multiple fansubbing groups passed it like a hot potato, but now
It's basically where you have a license to play this game or watch this content.
And that's it.
That's the way it's been for the last 10, 15 years.
It's in the license agreement.
You can't say you didn't agree to it because you had to in order to access what you wanted.
And this is where it's going.
This is the future.
This is how it's going to be.
And I see what's going to happen.
Like, look at some of the MMOs that are no longer around.
That's a prime example.
You can't play that MMO anymore because the servers are gone and your physical copy is just sitting on your shelf collecting dust.
It is, I do agree with you, but it is interesting what fans will do because just last week we had that story on City of Heroes, uh, which, you know, faded years ago is somewhat making a comeback through a fan community that essentially it's, it's embraced by the original developers, you know, and that sort of thing is that City of Heroes is essentially going to live on in that way.
So it is, it is interesting what fans will do to save games like that.
I mean, I think you've brought up a couple times there are private WoW servers for similar issues.
Yeah, but Blizzard don't like those.
But because of those, we have WoW Classic.
That is something to consider, is that Blizzard kind of responded to it in their own way.
DarkSakura, VOG Network, DJ Ranma S, Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
But anyway, no, I mean like, and you know, I also, I want to be clear.
I don't advocate for piracy either.
You know, there was a time in my life, and even you can go back on this show where I was, because I would get so frustrated at games that did not release in the U.S.
And I was like, if they're not going to release the game here for me to purchase it, then I'm going to download it and just take it because they don't want me to buy it.
That's what that says.
I realize, you know, especially I'm older and more mature now, I realize there's complicated licensing agreements that they can't sometimes release music games and other reasons for that reason.
But, you know, I'm,
What can I say?
I'm still very stubborn in that way.
But this whole concept of there's games that are only released in certain territories, a lot of that's faded.
It's over the years as you know, digital has made it more of a global marketplace for sure.
and you're right and i'll go on record and say at the time i pirated bootleg because i wanted it and i couldn't afford it half the time if i played it i'm like you know what i'm going to buy this and i'm going to support it and with the advent of streaming anime being able to watch some of my series i started hitting the delete button on titles i
that I downloaded.
When I started buying stuff, I was able to do that as well.
And then, as I continued to go to conventions and meet voice actors and people in the industry, the views on piracy just changed.
And my thing is this, I don't condone it, but if you're going to pirate it because the source material is completely unavailable, I can understand that.
I don't see myself dropping like maybe $500 on an out-of-print series, but I can go to a site and pull it and it's fine.
If that series gets re-licensed for sale and it's $50 for it, I will buy it for $50 and hit the delete button on my downloads.
Simple as that.
Um, yeah, it's gonna be interesting to see what develops of this whole stance.
But at the end of the day, here's in here it is.
And this loops back to the beginning of the show.
And what you know, pal world and all that stuff.
If you want to support something, support it.
If you don't want to support something, don't support it and support something else.
Right?
That's it.
The games that sell and the games that you know, that's, that's the stuff they're going to make more of.
And as far as Ubisoft's next project goes, if they try to release something that you don't actually own, don't buy it.
Exactly.
That's it.
But with your wallet, that's the way we always used to phrase it.
All right.
On that note, thank you for bringing that up.
That was a, see, all the pow world discourse completely derailed.
That was the big thing on social media and then pow world came out and that just vanished.
So thank you for reminding me of that.
All right.
No problem.
Well, I do want to thank everybody for downloading our show or listening live tonight.
If you liked what you heard here at Orange Sounds Radio,
please help us spread the word we are the show where every gamer has a voice we need more voices to put out here on air so help us spread the word a nice five-star review on a site like iTunes or Spotify or wherever you found this show goes an awful long way you can tell a friend about us too it really helps social media posts we love those too even if you are still using Twitter for whatever god-awful reason that's your that's your business um but we still appreciate a post there um
and of course also support our friends such as Anime Jam Session.
And on that note, Ranma, I really want to thank you for filling in tonight.
Not only did you agree to come in and take Loki's and you did a great job with the story because I knew you would because you've been doing your own thing for a long time.
Then DarkSakura unexpectedly had to bow out early and you just it's been a pleasure and a delight to do this show with you tonight.
So I just want to thank you for rolling with it and agree to be a part of our
I mean, you're always a part of this, you know, crazy being a part of it on this side of the screen.
Yeah.
Well, look at it this way.
At least this time, I'm not in behind you sitting behind you doing caramel dancing.
And I'm going to always be thankful for that.
That's for sure.
you know I always you know that fucking Carameldansen is still a meme I see it on TikToks and what I'll see is I'll see like this how I spent my weekend and it's a guy passed the fuck out on the floor as the neon lights are going off in the room and you hear
And I'm just like, and then the cats are just walking over him.
It's so funny to me.
I don't know why.
So what you're saying is you were watching video footage from MAGFest this weekend.
Oh, is that what they were doing at MAGFest?
I saw that in chat.
I wanted to say welcome back from MAGFest.
So it looked like I heard you say there's a lot of people at MAGFest, but I'm not terribly surprised.
It's kind of the I mean, I know 2023 was kind of the first year back, but this this really feels like
really, really back, you know, this year, it was like me hosting a show last night.
I don't know if y'all know, but I host live shows in town.
I love doing it.
And we had our first show of the year last night, the Sacramento Horror Film Festival was last night.
And the burlesque troupe I work with a lot was doing like a mini show.
So I was hosting for them.
And that's the first show I've done since October because you know, we just don't do a lot in that space over the holidays.
So it just felt really fucking nice to be back.
And just like it was a really good crowd.
People were into it.
It's just
Live performance feels really good.
Being in the same space feels good.
And I know we still need to be aware and cautious.
And you know, I don't want to make believe COVID doesn't exist.
But we have vaccines, we have precautions, we have ways.
It's just really nice to hear people getting together connecting again, whether it's Games Done Quick, whether it's
MagFest, whether it's your local anime convention, whether it's just getting together at the house with friends.
It's it's just nice.
I've missed you, bitches.
And we missed you, too.
Good, good.
All right.
Well, Rama, you know, you've been listening to the show long enough.
You know, this is the part of the show where I'm going to let you have a final thought.
So Rama, your final thought.
I have five bags of KitKats in my fridge and they're kinda calling me.
I'm jealous.
Those flavored KitKats are fun.
What was the best flavored KitKat you came across?
Lemon.
It was so good.
I've actually had that and it is really good.
Yeah, yeah, I have to, you know, obviously I have to watch my candy intake, but it's hard to turn down a little KitKat bar.
That's for sure.
Um, my final thought, gosh, I don't know.
I, yeah, I think I just kind of said it there.
It feels it feels really good to be doing stuff live again.
I look forward to conventions coming up again.
I look forward to my cruise, not gonna lie, because it's basically a floating convention.
at the end of February.
I'm really excited about that.
And yeah, DragonCon's on my agenda for this year.
I'm waiting for the confirmation that I'll be, you know, I don't foresee that being an issue, but I never, I never consider anything done until it's done.
But, and then who knows?
Who knows what else this year?
Anything's possible.
It's going to be a fun year.
Thanks, everyone, for being here tonight.
We'll see you in seven days to do it all again.
Loki will be back.
Hopefully DarkSakura will be feeling better.
And Ranma, you could always call in on our Discord line.
We appreciate it.
All right.
Have a good night, everybody.
We'll see you next time.
Bye.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is a production of OLR Studios.
Join us for our live show.
Tune in to vognetwork.com Sunday nights at 6pm Pacific, 9pm Eastern.
The views and opinions expressed in this program do not necessarily reflect those of the staff of Orange Lounge Radio nor VOG Network, but you know they were all still true.
