Happy 2024!
It's the first week of 2024, and I don't want to admit how many times I've still written 2023, and this is also Take 5 because I can't say 2024 three times in this part correctly.
What's gonna happen this year?
What do you think I am, a precog?
Lawsuits, acquisitions, studio closures, studio openings, studio revivals, and most importantly, new game releases!
This is the well-obviously intro.
Now it's time for your hosts, Rob Roberts, Jamie Summers, and Loki to catch up and get the new year stories rolling, starting right now in the show where every gamer has a voice.
Hello my friends out there on the internet and welcome back to another week, another year if you will, of the show where every gamer has a voice.
It is Orange Lounge Radio back at you live once again with episode number 988 of our show for tonight, January the 7th of 2024.
My name is Rob Roberts, and I'm back after a little bit of a holiday break here at OLR with my co-host.
Say hello first and foremost to the one and only DarkSakura, or Jamie Summers.
Hello.
Hello, hello.
How are you?
Happy New Year.
How was your New Year?
It was pretty uneventful, just ill and then going right on back to work.
Yeah.
So yeah, um, it is what it is.
I'm looking at getting myself a new Mac mini soon.
Um, but I got a new Apple watch because of some weird legislation issues going on.
Apparently, um, there was a, like a, a lawsuit about the, uh, O2 sensor.
Oh, yeah.
I heard about this or like they had to pull it from official store.
I thought that way lasted like two days though.
Like the- It did, but I jumped and bought mine before all that went down.
I needed one anyway.
My Series 4 wasn't, you know, lasting very long.
By the way, if anyone wants to buy an Apple Watch Series 4, let me know.
Um, but, uh,
We just went forward and I got Dan an Apple TV so he could have his Dolby sound and actually use our surround sound system.
We bought each other a lot of Transformers.
I was going to say, I guess I should check in on what gaming things people got or bought or otherwise for the holidays.
So you have that Apple TV and the sound system and all that stuff.
That sounds cool.
I have something I'll share in a minute, but go ahead.
SSJ100 Matt said that my VTuber got a tan.
No, she didn't.
She actually has ferret coloring very subtly.
She is a ferret furry.
Well, if you want to see the video of the show, I would invite you or chat along with us as SSJ100 Matt is.
I invite you to participate live because we do tape live every Sunday night, nine o'clock Eastern, six o'clock Pacific, right after the Bobby Blackwell show at the Voicing Geeks Network.
Twitch.tv slash VOG Network.
Speaking of Bobby Blackwolf, he's actually not going to be here next week because he has this side gig at a little convention online streaming thing called Awesome Games Done Quick.
And so he's going to be working at that convention next.
Well, he actually isn't working on Sunday, but you know, he has to travel, get settled in and all that good stuff.
He talked about some of the stuff he is tentatively set to host.
Remember, they can potentially change anything right up to the last minute.
So tentatively, he's supposed to be hosting, you know, doing the announcing.
He's not actually playing, okay?
That's somebody else very good at the video game.
Bobby is announcing, reading donations, you know, keeping that sort of thing moving.
For Bomb Rush Cyberfunk on Thursday night, which I thought was awesome, because if you don't know that one, that's like the Jet Set Radio future kind of like spiritual successor game.
Lies of P
Um, anyway, let me of course introduce our other host, the one and only Techmaster Loki.
Hello.
Hey, Loki, how are you?
I'm fine.
I'm multitasking as usual.
Multitasking?
What are you doing?
Are you editing a video?
Your latest Minecraft video in the background?
Or what else are you doing?
Yeah, I should be.
Yeah, I should be doing that.
No, I was just posting on Twitter.
No, just... Yeah, I should be editing.
I really should be.
I have like three different things, like three quarters of the way done.
type of thing.
I did film the last part of the Raise Works stuff, so I've been procrastinating on that.
You're just stacking content.
That was the plan.
Like, the plan was like, yeah, okay, I'll just have this ready to go, this will be all done, and I'll just put it out, and then that way I can take more time on this, and then there's something else new that came up, so now I'm playing that, and it's like, you know, what am I gonna do?
Yeah, actually, speaking of like, you know, recording videos and stuff.
So you know, I've been kind of screwing around on YouTube, but it's very like all the YouTubes I've been doing lately are like gameplay only I don't talk over them, which for anybody that knows me knows that I am demonstrating great restraint by not talking over videos.
But I've been working a lot to figure this out.
And I actually I finally I think crack the code because I'm able to do 4k gameplay videos now.
So I've actually, I, you know, did some research, some forums, checking with other people that, you know, were in similar boats and situations, because I was trying to record, ironically, Dead by Daylight off PlayStation 5.
So I, I got the version of PlayStation Plus that has like the game library.
And one of those games was Dead by Daylight.
And I was like, Oh, I could go in and like record myself getting adept trophies, like, you know, just, you know, not all of them, because I'm not going to buy all the DLC.
But like, you know,
the core four and the other characters that come free with it now like because I think David King is like part of the base pack now they don't sell you know him as DLC is just included with the game now so get that get the adept with the low hanging fruit so to speak the first video I did where I was trying to do adept Dwight didn't work the 4k was terrible
So I did some research, da da da, and I put it to use with a 4K Claudette video, which I got adept on because we had a killer that basically was not doing anything.
So I will be the first to admit, it's not the most interesting video in the world.
It's a very WTF, like, what is this ho doing?
Like type of thing.
But then I started doing some Final Fantasy XIV 4K videos.
So I was like, oh, this is great that I can do this now.
So I'm going to try to put more 4K gameplay videos up on YouTube because there's some
But there's not a ton.
And a lot of the stuff that's up there is people yapping over it going, don't forget to like, comment, subscribe to my channel and like all that crap that I just I just I want somebody to be able to have chill vibes on YouTube.
Because that's what I think a lot of people do.
They set YouTube on in the background and just let it run.
Right.
So that's, that's what I'm making.
I think, yeah.
So anyway, um, but back to podcasting and what we're doing here live on Sunday night.
We have some folks in chat saying SSJ 100 Mats is 2024 the year of episode 1000.
Indeed.
Indeed.
Uh, Mike Def says OLR will be doing awesome podcasting done at a normal pace.
Well, thank you for saying that we'll, we'll try our best, but for those that might be new to Orange Launch Radio, because it is a new year, uh, new year, same us, uh,
OLR has existed since 2002 as a live internet program.
The three of us, myself, DarkSakura, and Loki, we all met playing a game called Dance Dance Revolution at the local arcade.
Yes, that game with the arrows that has been mocked in pop culture, media, and praised many, many, many times.
They moved on.
They're mocking older games now.
Yeah, now they're mocking Tetris, but we'll get to that.
So we all met playing that and going to, and so we wanted to do like a live community show to talk about like DDR tournaments and the whole thing that, you know, we were doing.
And HotPocketry in our chat, I like that name, asked, met IRL.
Yeah, we all, we all actually, we all met in person at the arcade.
The problem is arcades are all ticket spitting machines.
Like this story would not happen in 2024 because arcades don't have
Boutique Arcade
Okay, it's not your typical arcade.
It's a very themed thing to attract different types of people.
Like, yeah, we could still have that story in a place like that.
But now like Golf Land and that whole thing?
No, we could, we would never meet in a place like that now.
So, but you know, we we all met each other and enjoyed playing together.
And ultimately, we stopped playing as much DDR because they weren't putting it out as much, you know, other companies started making huge music games, you know, Rock Band, Guitar Hero, hello,
so we just we we've kind of discovered and realized we love music games but we love music games because we actually love video games and our love of music games is a part of that so now we talk about all video games and later tonight we're going to talk about we have a story about DarkSakura one of her all-time favorite video games i don't know if it's well no i know yeah the guardian legend
I know
and more.
Yeah, so apparently a 13-year-old competitive Tetris player that goes by the name BlueScooty became the first person, or human, because it's been done in TASes before, to get to the NES classic kill screen on the NES, or the Tetris on the NES, the kill screen on that.
And there's a lot of, I think, based off of some of the videos and stuff I've watched about it, there's a lot of dodging different crashes in the game because of that.
But they were able to basically max out the score, max out a lot of the pieces dropped, and then it just came down to the game just doesn't function anymore.
So it's pretty impressive.
Watching the palette switches is just nuts.
It is somewhat the equivalent of the 256 board in Pac-Man and that infamous kill screen.
It is.
It's not one for one.
I know the techies, but like the best way to explain it is that it is a kill screen because of the limitations of older gaming media similar to Pac-Man and the 256 board.
A lot of the media has been reporting this as he beat the game.
I don't want to diminish his accomplishments.
He bested the game, I think is probably a better term to use.
He bested Tetris.
Because the funny thing is, you may or may not recall, and I don't expect the folks talking about this on NBC to know about this, but that old Tetris cartridge had two modes.
There was mode A and mode B and mode B I think was this mode that was endless.
I could have them backwards.
It's been a long time.
Mode B was the one that was endless.
But there actually was a mode A where once you cleared, I think it was 100 lines, you beat it, you actually did beat the game.
So Tetris was never unbeatable.
It's just this particular endless mode.
So there is a way to beat 8-bit Tetris on the NES.
You might remember you get that screen at the end that shows, I think the original NES version showed like the Russian iconic architecture and things like that on the screen and the more levels, the higher level you started on, the more of it you would see.
Because I remember there's actually, everybody talks about Tetris on the NES.
There was a, I think it was on the Advance or maybe the DS, I think it was Tetris DS.
DarkTetsuya says the Russian dancers were the Tengen version
Not to minimize the awesome accomplishment of this kid, I just think maybe the lingo that is being used may actually not really reflect what he did in this.
He bested the programming structure of Tetris.
That is still a huge accomplishment.
Anyway, sorry, Loki, but I just... That was one of those weird things where I was like, I don't... I think when they say he beat Tetris, it's not really the right words.
But anyway.
DarkSakura, VOG Network, Ranma, Actdeft
It has been, was that that late?
I want to say it was later 80.
Well, the NES itself.
Yeah, it was it was because it Tetris NES didn't really come out to the Game Boy version had come out and the Game Boy was around like 89, I want to say.
So somebody in chat can fact check me on it.
That's fine.
But even it, whether it's 89 or 86, my point still stands.
And that is nobody until now, 2024, has ever bested Tetris.
Yes, a robot did it.
But we certainly recognize no human
has ever done this until now, and now a 13 year old kid did this.
That's amazing.
I mean, what an accomplishment for that kid to have done this.
So I know.
And so, you know, to celebrate it, we should just tell them that they're all their choices in life are wrong and that they should go outside because, you know, that that's what you do as a professional.
No.
news program is you just like let me tell you my outdated thoughts please let me share those with my entire audience
So those of you that follow gaming on social media, I'm sure know exactly what Loki is referencing.
If you don't, and I don't blame you, what he's referencing is that there was a Sky News report where the anchor woman made kind of an offhanded comment at the end about, I don't really want to get this quote wrong, but I'm going to paraphrase that as the end.
He said, maybe he should go outside or something like that.
And a lot of people- No, I thought it was like something worse than that, but like, yeah, I don't know.
I'll have to find maybe I'll find the clip or something and play it here just so I can I can Report on it accurately I suppose but a lot of people are taking very very very negatively to this clip because and I I don't I don't I understand why
EA wouldn't do that.
But people have a very knee-jerk reaction to this stuff.
It's a very, like, we're sick and tired of being bullied.
And I think, or it's that same thing where, like, the academic decathlon kids—this was the thing at my school, in high school—the academic decathlon kids were winning fucking championships and were never being praised.
by the student body, the way the football team, which couldn't win a fucking game to save their life was consistently.
And I think a lot of us now are becoming of that age where we recognize like this is just a lot of bullshit.
So to hear somebody say this just really sucked.
Anyway, I did find the clip.
So I'm going to play this and just to clear ourselves, I am playing a clip here from Sky News for the purposes of commentary and all that good stuff.
and sorry to my co-hosts they won't hear it.
Yeah, you read stuff off a teleprompter, you know, is that a life goal of yours?
To read words off a teleprompter?
I don't think we should be telling anybody what their life goal ought to be.
Exactly.
And I just, you know, Tetris, again, a 13 year old did something on an intellectual level no human being has done in 35-ish years.
Isn't that newsworthy?
I think so.
And she says she's a mother, so feels sorry for her kids.
Oh, clearly that makes her opinion more important then.
Of course.
Yeah, but can you imagine like, hey, mom, I did this really great thing.
Yeah, well, you know, why don't you try becoming a doctor or something, you know, something that the world actually appreciates.
because what your accomplishment is just not.
Anyway, so I'm not going to give in to the people the mentality people expect from gamers and call her names.
All I'm going to say is that was a very disappointing reaction.
And as a mother, you should know better than to say that about a child when the entire country is watching you.
Oh, it's just that's how I feel.
Anyway.
She's a bully.
Nothing more.
Yeah.
Yeah.
That comment was very... Anyway.
But I don't... That's... Okay.
So I'm just gonna say that happened.
I don't want that to deflect from the accomplishments of what this kid did.
Because now, you know, now that we know this is possible and, you know, there's... We knew that there was a assisted speedrun and stuff.
I wonder how many people are going to try to emulate this now and also try to get the kill screen.
Because that became all the rage once somebody finally did it on Pac-Man Get the 256 board.
was that now everybody wanted to get the 256 board and crash the game.
So it'll be interesting to see how many other people try to kill, using my quotey fingers, in the game sense, Tetris in the in the coming weeks and months and year.
Interesting.
So, yeah, Fifth Dream is now asking, is it possible to do that faster?
That's a really good question.
I don't think so.
I, you would be talking like milliseconds.
Well, I want to say there was something about he made a, he actually made a boo-boo because as Loki was saying, you have to get a certain combination of lines in order to overflow the memory.
You actually don't want to always get Tetrises.
There's actually a point where you want to get a single.
And I believe when you're supposed to do that, he actually missed it and got a triple.
So he did have to go longer.
So can he actually do it faster?
Yes.
So that's the, I guess now that's the thing.
So, but, or, or is it like, you know, I mean, I'm sure like with speed running, there's different categories.
Is there like,
how long you can stay, you know, playing that mode or something like that.
So, like, the goal is trying to avoid all those crash points type of thing, you know.
Not my scene, but, like, that's cool, though.
No, and it is cool.
Speaking of scenes, you know, for all the negative gamer energy I've been talking about, which we've been seeing firsthand as a result of that reporting, let's talk about the positive gamer energy of the way the Tetris community has really uplifted that kid.
You know, and there were many people that were watching him do that accomplishment, giving him kudos for it.
You know, it's the equivalent of shaking the hand and saying good game at the end of the match and really, you know, uplifting this person's accomplishment, which I think is great.
SheHulk10 talks about this too.
Yes, I had heard that now some of the good things that the media did in reporting this week, again, we talked about negative, but one of the good things here, so SheHulk copy pasted something.
13 year old meets Tetris creator after beating original game was almost too much for Willis, the kid that did this, who struggled to find the words when Alexey Pajitnov, the creator of the game we know today, and Hank Rogers, the company founder and chairman,
surprised him in a Zoom interview with NBC News.
So the NBC actually got the creator of Tetris, Alexei Pajitnov, to actually meet this kid.
And that's pretty rad.
That's a really cool thing that they did there.
Meet your heroes kind of thing, right?
Being able to meet the creator.
And what an honor for Alexei, too, to be able to meet this kid 35 years after the fact.
Now, keep in mind,
He didn't do the NES version.
He lives in Seattle.
It's not like they brought him out of Russia.
But still, you know, they, they, they made the connection happen.
Right.
So, um, yeah, but like, and he didn't actually program the NES version of the game either, but still, you know, like what a cool thing for him to get to meet this kid that is, is finding new things in this scene that he did found all of those years ago.
I mean, it's certainly still more pop culture ref relevant nowadays, because we just had the Tetris movie.
Yeah.
So like, I mean, I don't know, I think it's cool.
I wish that that mother would think about, you know, hey, would I rather like, encourage a child to do, you know, like, acknowledge their greatness and, you know, give them kudos, like, obviously, as
a parent, you would know that just because they accomplished something now doesn't mean that that's going to be their just career, like that they're going to play Tetris or whatever.
So what if it is, you know?
But once again, it's like, do you really think that like that's going to influence them so much that they're just going to drop everything?
Like, no, it's just they will be in you support them in whatever they're interested in, whenever they're interested in it.
I don't understand.
why what purpose you would have like no you should really reconsider your career path it's not a career path it's just something that they did like
and he's 13.
Yeah, exactly.
Like, it's just dumb.
Well, and she was trying to make a joke.
Yeah, it's it's it's not.
It's it's an old entire joke that's been like made for decades now.
That's it.
That's it.
And I think, you know, if there's something about this whole thing, we can kind of, you know, ask the media or demand the media on the mass scale learn from this.
That is that you know what video games are art.
They're a legitimate entertainment medium.
And for some, there's a lot of people that see it as an intellectual sport at this type.
So we demand Sky News, NBC, ABC, CBS,
that you report on these with the same weight that you would report on similar types of medium and sports, sports basically, or, you know, movies or what have you, you should, and yet there's always going to be room for lighthearted commentary.
You know, there's not every movie is serious either, but like, as far as accomplishments like this, you should be giving this the same way as if a 13 year old had broken the long jump world record or something like that.
It, it deserves that same level of respect.
Or like if you want to like say well, it's not a physical activity like chess or something like that You know if they he was a chess grandmaster or something like that You would be treating it with a lot more No, no, you know the sports people are still gonna go for that over something like chess and the whole thing is is it's a statement on just where priorities are here in this country people care and
more about a game that you could, you know, break your head open over.
I was watching just all kinds of the various conditions that come as a result of playing football.
And instead, you know, it's also very ableist, too, if you think about it, because not everyone can get out and do a physical sport, but a person can get a controller in their hand and have a feet like this, you know.
Well, and to be fair, yes, I'm not disagreeing with what you're saying, but it's beyond this country too, because Sky News is based in a different country, but yes.
I know, but in a lot of the Western-based countries.
Yes, yes.
Alright, well let's move on, on a positive note, and talk about some of the things that we have been playing this week, whether it was Tetris or something else, in a segment that we call How Was Your Gaming Week?
And we will start with DarkSakura.
And I guess, really, it's How Was Your Gaming Weeks, because we weren't here last week.
We did do a show on Christmas Eve, but we did it early.
So this is our first time back in our normal slot in about three weeks.
So whatever length of time you want to talk about, DarkSakura, How Was Your Gaming Time?
My gaming week was actually, time was very eventful.
Of course I played Dead by Daylight, I played Dreamlight Valley, I played Cult of the Lamb.
I tried to stream Baldur's Gate 3, and it would crash only while I was streaming.
I found that there's something about the cloud saves for Steam that can be a problem, so I might try it again.
But basically, every time it's failed, I've just played Colts of the Lamb, because I have Steam open already.
And I played some Weird Al, you know, pinball.
We got Transformers, which I haven't played because I really do not like the movies at all.
What else did I play?
I played some other stuff.
I played some Saturn games, which I'll be getting a little bit into in a bit.
And when you raided your friend, Rob, and I was there, I went in full-on tutorial mode on how to play the Cardian Legend.
Oh, Chicken Stew was streaming that.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Yeah.
Good pal of mine on Twitch.
Yeah, it was really fun.
All right.
And yeah, that's just what it did.
I'm really enjoying Baldur's Gate 3, but I hate that I can't play it with my controller because it registers both my controller and keyboard as two separate players.
And I can't get it to unrecognize one versus the other, so I just had to play completely on keyboard.
Alright, well, we will move on to Loki.
How was your gaming week, Loki?
I just played Minecraft.
So, you know, it's I know it's a shake up from normal, but it is just Minecraft.
This week, I joined a new SMP called Fever Dream, which is a
Collaborative event put on by MC Collab Station, which is kind of a Discord community of a bunch of different Minecraft content creators.
And unlike some of the other events that we were supposed to be in, like MC Rewind, that didn't end up happening, they actually have the know-how and organization to be able to put together an event with 100 plus people.
So there's quite a few people on the server.
Not all at once, obviously.
The server was really struggling that first day, but they did get it finally fleshed out and it's been working okay.
The premise of this SMP is that it gets stranger as it goes on.
And it is getting stranger.
So every day there's updates or data packs that are being added in.
that change things.
So the overall terrain is just kind of modded anyways, but there's like, you know, weird graphics or there's strange things that happens.
Like yesterday there was flower mimics where mobs would just spawn out of flowers and start attacking you.
for no reason, or we'd have the dragon fight, which is a bunch of flowers and they kept spawning in killer bunnies from, you know, uh, uh, Monty Python, the Holy Grail.
So that was fun.
Um, just like strange things like that.
So this SMP I'm planning on building in a, uh,
I'm leaning heavily into the YouTube algorithm and putting together the cringiest builds possible for like YouTube thumbnails and that type of thing.
So the area that I'm building is called the Cringelands, and some of the more popular memes nowadays are going to make an appearance there.
And I've got huge builds already planned, so it's... Right now it's been grinding this entire week, getting just the basic setup so that I can build giant things like that.
So that's what I've been working on this entire week.
also should be editing the other series and stuff as well.
Have you tried at all the Fortnite Lego stuff?
No, I haven't got a chance to try that yet.
It's pretty fun.
I've been playing it a little bit.
It's it's I I'm not sure you could do like the builds like what you're doing.
Well, I don't know.
No, it's different.
But yeah, it's very different.
But it's it's fun.
I like it.
Yeah, it would be I think the stuff that they have and there's more kind of like the fortnight building right where you build walls and stuff.
Yeah, yeah.
And that's kind of like how they had with I think Lego worlds is like that too.
I don't remember too much because I only played that for a little bit.
This plays way better than Lego worlds.
Like it's just right.
Better done.
But anyway, we'll get your opinions on that someday when you've tried it.
I'll have to check it out at some point.
Yeah.
Let's talk about my gaming week.
So my gaming week, a lot of similar stuff that I've talked about on the show before, I mentioned earlier, like some things I was doing like dead by daylight, a lot of like the outdoor gaming stuff to Pikmin Bloom, I just hit level 83.
It maxes out at 100.
Maybe I'll get there this year.
We'll see.
And, you know, Pokemon Go, I did the Rowlet community day that was yesterday for a little bit.
It was kind of rainy, so I couldn't do it a lot.
I've actually been playing more Final Fantasy XIV.
I actually was taking a break.
You might remember I was talking more about World of Warcraft Season of Discovery and Diablo 4, and I was kind of playing some of those games for a few months, but, you know, I kind of did everything I wanted to do in the current Diablo season, and same thing with Season of Discovery.
I'm still doing alts.
I think Shane and I did a stream earlier this week where we were doing new characters,
And we're gonna do new characters again later this week, by the way, so stay tuned for that.
But outside of that, I've just been kind of getting back into Final Fantasy 14.
And, you know, having taken a couple months off the game, it's been really nice to kind of go back and, you know, it
It just feels like, oh, yes, it's going back to an old favorite and, you know, like, oh, yeah, I miss doing this and playing stuff.
They also, by the way, did a bunch of Final Fantasy 14 announcements this weekend.
Yesterday was the final fan fest leading up to the release of Dawn Trail, which is going to be out in the summer.
They wouldn't give a specific date yet because Yoshi P is paranoid about having to delay the game again, like what happened with Endwalker.
So he will not give a date until it's locked in, which, in my opinion, good for him.
Good for him for sticking to that because I'm sure the folks that be that Square Enix really want him to lock in a date so they can start the marketing and the pre orders but he won't do it till he's got he knows it's done but they announced that the new class so there's going to be two new classes in Dawn Trail there's Viper which is kind of an original it's not really based on anything in prior
But this other one is a deep cut.
It's a Pictomancer.
I think it's a Pictomancer or Picto... Pictonight.
I can't remember.
It's Picto something.
It's Realm.
They'll be using drawings.
It's Realm from Final Fantasy VI.
Yes, they will be using drawings.
I love it.
It actually...
You should look up the video, DarkSakura, of the job in action.
Actually paints like Moogles.
It doesn't play, they said it doesn't play exactly like Realm because it doesn't just draw monsters, but the character will draw like scenery and that's what they use to attack.
It looks really cool.
It looks very like Splatoon-esque, but it's kind of neat.
I really liked it.
So yeah, I'm looking forward to the expansion.
My only like complaint
is that this is very formulaic.
The Final Fantasy XIV expansions, patch cycle, everything is so formulaic.
Like, level cap goes up by 10.
There's going to be six zones.
There's going to be one eight-man raid, a one 24-man raid.
There's going to be, you know, it's, I could probably even tell you what the item levels will be.
It's starting to get that predictable.
I just, I would love to see them shake up the formula just a little bit.
I would love for them to yank the mythic dungeon concept from World of Warcraft, which is basically instead of scaling you down to do old dungeons with friends, scale the old dungeons up to make them, you know, because there's so many awesome old dungeons that people haven't played in a long time because they're not relevant.
So I would love to see that.
But the most interesting feature they were talking about was the brand new casual mode, which was I think cosmic exploration is what they called it.
And that looks really cool because it looked like the island sanctuary but on different planets.
So I'm excited to see that.
That could be very interesting.
But anyway, yes, so I've gone back to Final Fantasy XIV and I know we weren't talking about the updates anywhere else in the show.
So I just want to mention that.
So the other thing that I've been playing this week, I got a Christmas gift from Alan.
And what I got, and it was on my list, I'd asked for it.
I put a few things down so he had the choice because you might remember I said Loki I put the Oh my god, why is it the the machine with the crank that you got?
God damn it.
Thank you the playdate the playdate was on my list.
But I got this
I'm reaching down to grab the smooshed box, but I can show you what it looks like.
It's an Evercade.
It's a retro game console.
Yep.
And it actually uses cartridges and there's actually two consoles.
So actually you can see it in the back.
There's actually two cartridge slots in this thing.
So you put two cartridges in there and then it kind of just shows you like a mishmash of those different cartridges and the games that are in it.
So it comes with a Technos collection and a Data East collection.
So yes, I get to have burger time all over again.
But they put some deep fucking cuts in these.
And that's what I actually like about Evercade is that yeah, there's a couple big games, but they put some deep fucking cuts in these like and I was playing.
What was it?
Was it Gate?
Wizard Fire?
I was playing Wizard Fire, which I had never played before.
But it's like a like a 2D
Nights of the Round Golden Axe
Alan also said, well, I can't just buy you the system and only let you have the pack-in cartridges.
So does he know me or what?
He bought me the C64 Collection cartridge, which apparently is the first of three volumes of the C64 Collection.
But this has, okay, so this has games you would know.
Summer Games, Jumpman, Winter Games,
AliCat, Impossible Mission, Gateway to Afashi, Idris Alpha, Storm Lord, Lee, Movie Monster Game, Marauder
I did have some problems setting this system up to begin with, but I got through it.
What happened was it was having a hard time seeing my Wi-Fi, and I couldn't get it to connect to the internet to see it, and it would not see my router or anything.
I had to do a hard system reset by using the flash button on the back of the console, basically putting the pin in there, and that fixed it.
So just in case you get an Evercade, if it has problems out the box,
There you go.
S. Jonah Matt says, Yeah, those Evercades are looking more and more like a solid deal.
Well, the cool thing is they also make a handheld, but they handle looks cool.
What's the cartridges will work in the handheld.
But what's interesting about the handhelds, and because Alan was looking into this, he's like, they don't make a cartridge for the Capcom games.
If you want to get the Capcom games, you have to buy the handheld that has them baked in.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
a little puzzle sheet that lets you you actually put it so if you notice it actually says gribbly gobbly if you put in that code you unlock a bonus game and it does some it does some interesting things too apparently if you get volume two of c64 and you put volume one and two in at the same time you get a bonus game
So it does interesting cute things like that.
But also look at this, an actual fucking manual that actually, and I love how this is put together.
It actually shows the game, tells you a little bit about it, shows like a screenshot of what it looks like.
Even a game like Impossible Mission, it does its very best to explain what the fuck is going on with the puzzle pieces at the bottom and all that stuff.
Like honest to God, like even if like paying 30 bucks for a cartridge sounds like a lot,
these manuals almost make it where it's like they're they're little books, DarkSakura, they're little books.
I'm down.
I love it.
I'd love to see it.
So yeah, props to Evercade.
Even if you pissed me off for about five minutes until I figured out how to fix you, I'm enjoying you as a machine now.
And DarkSakura, I fucking thought of you.
Is it on the box?
Does it talk about the expansions on the box?
expansions.
Well, the cartridges, the other cartridges that you can buy.
There's things like the Jellicoe collection, the Intellivision collection.
There's an Indie Heroes collection, Loki, YYR games, if you're out there listening.
Well, I'm just telling you right now that those Indie Heroes, many of them are Nest Maker games.
I'm telling you, I'm like, hey, put my stuff on the cartridge.
Loki, Loki, Loki.
Get on it.
You have to get pixel poops on one of these things or like a free game that's in there or something.
I don't know.
But anyway, wait, I don't want to misstate anything.
So I'm pretty sure cartridges list.
I'm trying to bring up the list of Oh, yes.
Okay, here it is.
So they actually have they thank you to the kind people at Wikipedia that do the work for me.
But I didn't notice as I was with some of these they don't make anymore.
like the Namco Museum collections you can't get actually, well you can get them but you get them from jacked up prices but I'm almost positive
That's right, Toaplan Arcade 1 and Toaplan Arcade 2.
That was the one where I was like, oh, oh, DarkSakura and I need to have a talk because like- All the Truxton we can stand.
Truxton is in number one.
Tiger Healy, Zero Wing, that's right, is in there.
Twin Cobra in volume two.
So yeah, when I saw that there were Toaplan cartridges, I was like, oh, DarkSakura and I have to have a talk.
IndieHeroes
maybe not all nest maker games because these aren't all nest games.
Doodle World, Flea, Cubo 3, Pretty Sure Ployed.
If the powers that be by some fucking miracle at Evercade are listening to this little show, which I doubt is the case, please contact us.
Participate at OrangeLoungeRadio.com, please.
Anyway, we're enjoyable and full of ideas.
That's that's well and we have a game we'd like you to put like I say we it's really Loki's game but we'll but DarkSakura and I are going to be the shills for it.
So we have a game we'd like you to put on your next collection.
Or even even as a freebie.
I'll sell it cheap.
Very, very, very cheap.
So anyway, I yeah, I thought sjo100mat says so the obvious question, when are you or are you able to stream playing this?
Please look forward to it.
Yes, I am able.
It's a simple HDMI cable.
Oh, that's the thing I got to warn y'all.
That was the one downside to this Evercade.
Even though it was there on Amazon, I do want to warn you all, it does not come with an HDMI cable.
But thankfully, like I have I have one that I pass around to stream.
I have it goes to the PS5, then I move to the switch.
Now I move to the Evercade to stream it.
It also does not come with an AC adapter.
Yeah, that's pretty typical nowadays.
Yeah.
So you have to get the USB plug and you put it in there.
That's how you have to.
So just just read that part carefully.
If you do look at investing in one of these, you need to have those cables or you're going to get me in for a nasty surprise.
So that's my one little thing.
Oh, interesting.
Bobby Blackwell points out the the Atari 2600 plus is the same way.
Wow.
All right.
Yeah.
Silly, though, it's for the environment.
Sure.
But it's really just to save a buck.
Yeah.
When I buy all those AC adapters and keep losing them, then the I'm really saving the environment.
All right.
Anyway, that was I just want to talk about that.
And yeah, yeah, I do want to buy some more of those cartridges for sure.
I'm kind of bummed they don't make the Namco ones anymore, because those are the ones I have my eye on.
I might.
I might pay the premium and get them anyway.
I'd rather get them now before these things are like completely out of print and then it's a wild cost.
So we'll see.
We'll see.
Anyway, um, that's it for my Game of the Week.
Let's talk about what else is going on in the news.
Programming update.
I mentioned earlier, Bobby Blackwolf will not be here next week.
We will, so please still be here next week at nine o'clock Eastern.
Maybe if I bat my eyelashes kindly, Bobby Blackwolf will send us some footage, although I think he actually gets to Games Done Quick that day, so I can't guarantee we're gonna get something like that, because he may not have the time to put it together, but we'll be here next week.
Our next show that we will have off, and I don't know if DarkSakura and Loki remember this, we will not be here February 25th.
So we'll be here pretty much every week.
But February 25, I am on the Star Trek cruise again this year.
So I'll be in the middle of the ocean.
Or is that the day we're actually let's see it leaves here one to know that is the day that I'm going to be in Curacao.
So I will not be thinking of this program because I will be in the Caribbean sipping a very froofy homosexual drink out of a pineapple.
or whatever I could find or a coconut.
So that's that's my, that's my plan is the cruise.
And what because Star Trek cruise while I'm doing this.
So you know, drink in one hand, live long and prosper in the other.
All right.
See how it is your real priorities are.
Yes, my real priority is meeting LeVar Burton and any of you hoes would do that exact same thing if you had the opportunity.
And yes, we are getting we are getting a meet and greet with LeVar Burton or a photo with LeVar Burton.
So I'm very excited about that.
I wonder if Todd's at this one this year.
He is.
They just announced him a few weeks ago.
He is going back this year.
He's such a cool guy.
Yeah.
Todd Stashwick, for those who don't know, he played... What was his character's name in Picard?
The No Guy, Shaw, that was it.
Shaw.
That's what I've been saying.
Shaw.
But yeah, he's the No Guy.
Anyway.
But yeah, no, they have a lot of great guests this year.
The Big Land is Sonequa Martin-Green is their captain this year.
Huge, huge upgrade from Shatner.
So Niko Martin-Green, of course, from Discovery.
So, which unfortunately, they're not making any more Discovery.
So they have her, they have Doug Jones, again, is going back.
So they have a lot of cool Discovery people.
I love Doug Jones's Saru.
Yes, he's great.
And he's, he's the nicest guy in person.
He was just walking because the thing about the thing about celebrities on cruises, some of them will stay in their room and never leave and just hang with their families and that, you know, secure part of the ship Shatner.
Some of them go out and mingle with everybody else and have drinks.
And this is the wild thing.
So like, imagine this couch behind me.
And for those on the podcast feed, I have a couch behind me when we do the show live.
Imagine I'm sitting here having a drink.
on this couch right there behind me also having a drink.
John Delancey and Robert Picardo just sitting right behind me having a drink.
John Delancey, of course, cue Robert Picardo, the holographic doctor emergency program from Voyager.
So like that's that's the runnage you have of people.
And Doug Jones actually was just walking around giving out hugs.
And when he gives hugs, he uses his big alien arms to like wrap around your entire head.
And I was like, he's very generous because like some of these people are a little strange.
So he's very, he's very full of love to be doing something like that.
So, um, but yeah, I'm a fan anyway.
All right.
Enough about me.
He naturally just moves so gracefully.
Yes, he really does.
He really does.
Anyway.
All right, let's talk about gaming news.
Let's get into it.
Oh, God, I'm sick of this one already, Loki.
But we have to talk about it because it's impacting all the industries.
But let's get to it.
of course so yes because we're in the year of 2024 um due to copyright steamboat willy has made it into the public domain but that doesn't mean that like oh hey cool i'm gonna put mickey mouse in whatever i want now no no that is just steamboat willy and so what do we get out of that
TheLowestBottomOfTheBarrelTrashHorrorGenreThings
It looks not good.
It's the equivalent of that Winnie the Pooh thing from last year.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Yeah, basically.
And then there's also a game now called Infestation Origins, previously called Infestation 88, but 88 kind of ties into Nazis.
So they decided to change the name because that's probably not a good thing.
So now it is also just a
uh survival game with some you know steamboat willy looking thing chasing you down cool i mean i don't know it's more of like
You knew this was gonna happen with some of the stuff and then people have been like reacting to like Steambo Willy and stuff But once again, it's Disney Disney's not gonna be like, oh you guys win you get Mickey Mouse now God, no, they own the trademark for that stuff They own that's why Mickey Mouse has been like redesigned so many other times like if they are not letting their cash cow mouse go because of
Mere Copyright Law
The copyright laws in some other countries, like I think Chile's one of them, are actually more stringent and more favor the copyright holders for longer.
And if you don't think Disney's going to flex that muscle, ha!
And so I was talking about this a little bit with Bobby on his show a little while ago.
I think because I'm already sick of hearing about this like every and I feel like people are just doing this because they can which yes, it's part of that.
But I also feel like people because they know Disney's lawyers are infamously the most litigious bunch almost the entire country.
I think people love to be able to needle and poke and they want to push the envelope just as far as they can go with this whole thing without getting sued.
But as far as I'm concerned,
y'all other people that are jumping on this with your horror movies and your video games have fun pushing that envelope and seeing how far you can get because the minute you cross the line heaven help you with disney's legal squad oh yeah help you and i would suggest instead of purchasing infestation origins or whatever trash that is i'm
One of the other things they did bring up in the article here is talking about FumiGames' new FPS game, Mouse, which, unlike ripping off Steamboat Willie, basically does what Cuphead did with that genre of cartoon, adapted the style of it and made it its own thing.
And so now they have an FPS game that's kind of done in that animation style, all black and white.
It looks pretty awesome.
So Mouse is the one to go check out.
There's another one just like, it'll come out, it'll be trash.
And that'll be that.
Like, and everybody will forget about it.
Like they forgot about the Winnie the Pooh movie.
Yeah, the fact that we're all sick of these derivative reboots in Hollywood.
Don't forget that also applies to Steamboat Willie.
Just because it's in the public domain, doesn't change the fact that we're sick of seeing the same thing over and over in media.
You know, right?
How do we all feel about the Mean Girls movie that's coming out?
Like, I think there's a lot of people.
Oh, yeah.
What are they doing?
Oh, they're redoing it.
Well, here's the thing.
Here's the thing.
They're completely and utterly hiding the fact, and I don't know why.
They are completely and utterly hiding the fact it's a musical.
and all of the marketing, all of the trailers, they're hiding the fact it's a musical.
The reason why Mean Girls is being done again, it's literally the exact same thing that happened to Hairspray.
John Waters made Hairspray in 88, it became a Broadway musical, now they're making a movie out of the musical.
There was a Mean Girls musical on Broadway and off.
I know there was a musical on Broadway.
This is the movie adaptation of that.
None of the marketing makes that apparent whatsoever, unless you're looking for it.
You will notice in some quick shots, you can be like, they're doing like a coordinated dance or they're doing that.
Yeah, it's a fucking musical.
but there's so many people that are like, we don't need another Mean Girls.
We have the original Mean Girls.
It's still a good movie.
We don't need another one.
It's just, it's the same thing with Steamboat Willie.
Now, a Steamboat Willie musical, on the other hand, oh, and Deidre Maes, of course, the most obvious answer, literally sitting in front of my face, The Color Purple, literally the exact same thing happening right now, again, was a movie in the 80s, goes to Broadway, and now is a movie with the same Broadway star, Fantasia from American Idol.
It's, yes, literally that.
So, you know, I mean, that movie is a lot older than Mean Girls.
That is true.
That movie has about 20 years on Mean Girls, but still, it's got a lot of music in the movie already.
Yeah.
I mean, I'm not going to tell you how many times I saw the color purple growing up because my mother would watch it every freaking time it came on HBO.
Oh, yeah.
My mom loved that movie, too.
I ended up watching it a lot as a result, too.
So, yeah.
And by the way, in my universe, Wicked is only ever a book.
Well, but the thing about Wicked is that it was never, well, I guess some would say it was the Wizard of Oz.
Well, it's a different story.
Yeah, derivative writing is normal.
Yeah, yeah.
I mean, that happens.
And the Oz books went in the public domain some time ago.
Oh god, they've been in the public domain for ages.
We had a crappy Disney movie a few years ago as a result of that.
Ooh, actually, was it?
Which one?
Not Return to Oz.
That was, I think, the first.
That was great.
That was dark, but it was good.
It fucked us up.
But there was one in about 2006 with, like, Leo.
Oh, Oz the Great and Powerful.
That's it.
Oz the Great and Powerful.
That's the one.
They, that didn't work.
They were hoping to reboot the franchise and do like a multi-movie franchise with that, but it just didn't work out because... I don't know.
Nobody was asking for it.
Well, because people still watch The Original Wizard of Oz.
People like these freaking musicals.
It's a thing now.
Yeah.
You know?
And as long as there's a market for it, they're gonna put it out.
We have the choice not to watch it.
And it's as simple as that.
I'm, right now, for some of that, I'm just sort of in the camp of don't piss in other people's cornflakes.
Yeah.
You know, if they're not hurting anybody, and they're not shoving it down my throat, and they're enjoying it, let them enjoy it.
Yeah, I actually kind of- As long as it's not profiting like Nazis or something.
I actually kind of wish they would adapt the Jagged Little Pill musical into a movie.
I think it- I don't know how they do it without cutting some serious corners because it is about three hours worth of musical, but I hope they make it a movie.
I really do.
How long was Avatar The Way of Water?
Yeah, that's true.
So you can make a three hour musical.
I mean, look at the sound of music.
There's nothing wrong with that.
But, you know, usually they don't.
I mean, look at Dune, the original version of Dune.
But what I don't want is a part one and a part two, which, by the way, is what they're doing with Wicked.
But I'll see, I will see that Wicked movies.
I will see those Wicked movies because number one, Ariana Grande.
Number two, Michelle Yeoh.
Like number three, that fucking finest fuck guy that voices Graha Tia, what's it, Jonathan Bailey.
They're all in that movie.
I will be seated for the Wicked movie and I don't want to hear it.
I don't want to hear it.
Well, maybe I have to see it because Ariana Grande's in it.
Yeah.
So I mean, you know, I want to know what what her hair is made out of.
I understand that people may be upset.
It's Ariana Grande, not Kristen Chenoweth, but.
It it has been 20 years, so they had to recast some things.
Hopefully, Kristen still has a cameo in it somewhere.
You know what, I'm fan of three little words, Rob.
Deal with it.
Okay.
All right.
Well, Sony's gonna have to deal with this.
There was some information that was inadvertently leaked, cluing us all in that there is a Horizon, as in Horizon Zero Dawn, Horizon Forbidden West, there is a Horizon MMORPG that is confirmed to be in development basically because a job listing got posted.
So a video game researcher posted on Twitter earlier this week to detail the things that they knew about the game.
It is an MMORPG to be precise, which also is in line with the fact that we know that Sony is trying to create a series, like what was it, six games, you know, for the PS5 that are going to be, you know, games as a service type of thing.
So this would fall in line with that whole thing too.
The game is now essentially confirmed to be in development.
It's developed under the codename Project Skyline, with the initial codename being Project H. And NCSoft registered a domain for what appears to be a game titled Land of Salvation.
Land of Salvation could maybe be the title for the Horizon MMO.
This assumption is based on the fact it's the only unannounced game we know of that could be revealed soon.
Of course, it could be some other project that we're not aware of.
And then there was a job listing for something called Project Skyline,
PS5 NCSoft
Horizon MMO
So, until we wait for games like Horizon the MMO, we will have to stick to the classics, right DarkSakura?
Of course, and I have a good classic to talk about.
It's hard for me to think of this as a classic, but I do have so many good memories about it.
It was a game that was put in my hands and I was told to beat if I expected to stay in this apartment.
But of course, I am talking about the game known as, we saw it as Castlevania Symphony of the Night.
But the Japanese version was a direct sequel to Dracula X on PC Engine, and it was called Dracula X Nocturne in the Moonlight.
It had problems.
Well, I'll take that back.
The PlayStation version was great.
It was about as perfect of a game as you could get.
But we knew that there were things cut from it, you know, like there's that whole scene where you can get the trap door in the courtyard to open with a little bit of trickery, and then it just goes down to a safe space, but it looked like there was something else meant to be there.
And of course, when the Saturn version came out, it did restore those areas that
that were missing from the game, like the underground garden.
And there were also the ability to play as Maria and Richter Belmont.
They gave him his outfit from the cutscenes, but
A lot of people weren't satisfied with it.
I mean, we played the shit out of it.
But we did do a side-by-side comparison with both Japanese versions and found that there were transparencies missing.
The Saturn that is a much better 2D machine wasn't doing the 2D to its best capability.
And of course,
I could only understand about 25% of what people were saying.
So now there is a full translated version of Dracula X Nocturne in the Moonlight into English using the PSP version as its template.
And it reduces the load times, has bug fixes, and lets you use the Saturn's 4MB RAM cartridge.
It restored as many of the transparency effects as were possible.
Resized some of the sprites to match the PlayStation version.
You have direct access to the Global Map, the finalized Global Map.
It removes some horizontal lines, you can skip videos and dialogues, of course you have Richter's alternate costume, they fix some bugs, and there's a hard mode.
So, uh, I was rather, uh, interested when I, cause I, I've gotten it to work on my, uh, I'll say, I'll say it right now.
I have it on an emulator, but I'm allowed to play it on the emulator because I own both, uh, I own both the English and Japanese PlayStation versions and I own the, the Japanese, of course, Saturn version.
So I started playing it in about,
45 minutes ago, because I finally was able to get it to work.
And yeah, I started right off with Maria.
The menus were in English and I'm like, heck yeah.
Even, you know, has the specific tracks for whoever you decide is your your intro character.
I absolutely suggest remapping the buttons.
But yeah, it it plays great.
It looks great.
It sounds great.
The
I mean, if I didn't know better, I would have said I was playing the PlayStation version.
And it really did load very quickly, but I have to say I had a ping of nostalgia the moment I saw the Konami logo walking out.
I remember that.
Oh man, I haven't played Symphony of the Night in years.
I really need to.
I actually, I got a random PlayStation collection that had that and I want to say it was Dracula.
Yeah, there was that.
There was like a combo collection that I got on PlayStation.
I never did beat Symphony of the Night.
I need to go back and do that.
On PlayStation, they did the PSP one.
And then they've released it since then, I think on other things.
Yeah, I think that PSP version is now on PlayStation 4 or whatever.
Yeah.
And I know that you can play the remastered Dracula X and the original Dracula X, which is really great.
Dracula X was a great game.
In my mind, it's one of the last really traditional Castlevania games.
But yeah.
I just remember being so excited about the Saturn version and being able to play as Maria.
All of her magic is actually related back to her animal friend attacks.
Like, she has the turtle for Genbu, the turtle god.
I mean, hey, and you really know these if you watch Fushigi Yuugi, just saying!
You have Byakko for the tiger attack, you have Seiryu for a dragon attack, and...
You know what's so funny?
Those are all- Suzaku for the Phoenix attack, sorry.
Suzaku, Seiryo, Byakko, those are all fights in Final Fantasy XIV Stormblood expansion content.
Those are all like new primals.
Yeah, it's funny.
But they're also, you know, mythical beings.
I know.
I guess more of my point was they get reused in video game media.
Yeah.
Oh, anime, video games, you name it.
They're a major part of a part of things.
And you'll even see, you know, sometimes it sneaks over into American stuff, too.
But but yeah, this is and I will go ahead and say this, if anyone is looking for this, it's available through Internet Archive right now.
But talk to me.
All right.
We will.
I'm not saying anything about what I'm going to do.
I'll just, you know, draw on it with you, but talk to me.
All right.
Moving on, Loki.
All right.
So Sony has been fined by the France regulatory government body that basically regulates competition there.
I'm not going to try to pronounce that French name.
Not one bit.
And they have been fined 13.5 million euros.
for deploying technical countermeasures which affect proper functionality of third-party video game controllers.
Essentially, what they did is they basically blocked third-party controllers from working on the PlayStation 5.
Or I guess this is PlayStation 4 compatible controllers they're talking about now.
So, yeah, that sounds like, you know,
Now, I know Microsoft, we just talked about them a few weeks ago doing something similar.
I'm curious to see if this type of ruling comes down to them as well.
But basically, you know, along with deploying the technical countermeasures, they said that those measures were disproportionate in the fact that they were affecting all unlicensed controllers indiscriminately.
So Sony wasn't like saying,
Hey, we approve this one, we don't approve this one, you know, that type of thing.
So it is to say that because also they were their opaque licensing policy in which several cases prevented rival companies that wanted to market PlayStation 4 compatible controllers from joining its OLP partnership program.
So it's like they tried to go the official route, they went the unofficial route, and they still got banned for it.
So they're like, well, how am I supposed to create peripherals then for the PlayStation 4?
Guess you can't, because Sony wants to sell those first-party controllers.
At least they're going to do so with now a fine.
I wonder what kind of trickle down effect this might have on what's going on at Microsoft because didn't we just have that story?
Yeah, we did.
Two months ago when they were locking out third party controllers and we even had a call about that because remember our listener that had that really awesome custom controller they were taking all around EVO and all that stuff that.
Right.
Yeah.
It would depend on how they like, I think if it they would look at the two different factors of this one, how does their prevention of unlicensed products?
How is that affecting like everything?
Is it affecting some of the unlicensed things?
Or is it all of the unlicensed things?
Also, on top of that,
How hard is it to get into their partnership program to develop third-party controllers?
Now, I think the scope, I don't really know what defense Sony did as far as saying something along the lines of what Microsoft was saying where they're using this to combat people using keyboard and mouse on a console.
versus, you know, a controller because it gives them an unfair advantage, I guess, in multiplayer games.
If it's that or if this sounds like on the Sony side that it was to prevent competition, which I think that they, you know, like a government body, like say in the United States or something, would be more consider considering competition versus, oh, it's unfair for some people, you know, in that space.
So we'd have to see
I mean, I can see since they won this that, yeah, maybe they will try to do something like this when Microsoft pushes this forward.
It just depends on how draconian their implementation of it is.
If it's just, nothing works, then...
Maybe, but I think that there are still some approved third-party peripherals out there for the Xbox series.
There are.
So that may be a harder argument to make.
Interesting.
Okay.
We'll see.
Meanwhile, over at Nintendo, there was an interesting interview with The Guardian, who did an interview with Shigeru Miyamoto, of course, the man behind Mario and many of the Nintendo characters that you love.
And, you know, one may notice that Miyamoto is getting older, and people are wondering if he is going to retire.
So The Guardian just basically straight up asked him, do you have any plans at all to retire?
And Miyamoto said he has no plans to retire.
But he does say that he thinks about things in a five-year time span.
That's an interesting kind of answer.
He thinks about things in five-year blocks, and sometimes he thinks about who he can pass things on to in case something happens.
So he says he has no plans to retire, but he says, more so than retiring, I'm thinking about the day I fall over, which he says with a smile.
So he's kind of cracking a morbid joke about
He'll probably die still working for Nintendo and saying, in this day and age, you have to think about things in a five year time span.
So I do think about who I can pass things on to in case something does happen.
I'm really thankful that there is so much energy around things that I have worked on.
These are things that have already gone out into the world.
They've been cultivated by others.
Other people have been raising them, helping them grow.
So in that sense, I don't feel too much ownership over them anymore.
You know, other people have kind of noticed that with Miyamoto, you know, it seems like he's probably spending less time actually in the active development of games and a little more time kind of pushing and being a face and a brand for Nintendo and expanding Nintendo back into those other things.
For example, the movie and the success of this Mario Brothers movie from the last year.
You know, Miyamoto did a lot with that partnership and making that Mario movie happen.
Super Nintendo World at Universal Studios.
Again, who was there from Nintendo the day that parked open?
Miyamoto.
You know, he's been very much a face, I think, in expanding Mario and Nintendo and stuff into these other areas.
And I'm not saying he's not involved with the video games at all, but I think when you look at him say a comment about, you put these things out in the world, they're being cultivated by others.
I think you sort of hear that, like, he hasn't trusted a lot of this game development to
his successors internally at Nintendo, and he's serving his characters and his creations in these other ways right now.
That's kind of one thing I sort of see there.
So Tigerclaw says, Do you think Miyamoto will still be developing games while in his 80s or 90s?
It's hard to say, and that's really his choice, not mine.
But I would think he'll still have something to say.
Like, even if he were to, say, retire from Nintendo, people are still going to want to put games in front of him to get his opinion.
What do you think about this?
What does your brain say?
Because he does that a lot with Nintendo properties as it is.
you know, he looks at games and maybe things go a certain way or they don't.
Like didn't didn't the Star Fox game on GameCube question mark start off as something else?
Yeah, wasn't it?
Was it Miyamoto that shifted it that way?
I don't remember.
But sometimes there are games that start as one thing and you know, it might be that his input it kind of shifts somewhere else.
But anyway, it's on his schedule.
It's for him to determine.
So I'm glad to see he still plans to keep working and so forth.
Yeah.
SJ100 Matt says, I hope he develops games as long as he wants and not told to keep making games by someone.
No, I would hope not.
I think he I think he's free to leave on his own.
It's Miyamoto, it's not Sakurai.
get in there make us another Smash Brothers.
SSJ100 Matt points out Miyazaki never seems to retire either.
So uh, yeah.
Fifth Dream says he even had input on Pokemon.
Yes.
So you know, people value the man's opinion greatly.
And I don't think that's ever going away.
What could be interesting though, just, I'm just gonna play silly for a minute.
If he were to retire and leave Nintendo,
He could give this input to games that weren't necessarily just Nintendo games.
That's true, but you know he's going to be Nintendo from, you know, life to death.
His heart will still be with Nintendo until the very end.
Absolutely.
The heart will go on.
Absolutely.
All right.
They're going to take it out of him and just leave it in the office for all to see.
See, here's what's going to happen is they're going to save Miyamoto's brain, Iwata's heart,
You know, they're, they probably have pieces preserved off of, um, uh, you've been playing too much Castlevania.
This is the plot of Simon's quest you're getting into.
I was, I was thinking more Frankenstein's monster, but yeah.
Yeah.
And then we will have ultimate Nintendo, man.
I'm with Matt.
This turned very dark.
It is me.
I mean, they already have done this.
What do you think Reggie Fils-Aimé is?
I mean, if that's not Frankenstein's monster, I don't know.
Yeah, Reggie's going to have that linebacker body.
That's the that's the body right there.
Like that was their first attempt.
Went pretty well, I think.
We're ready for version two already.
Oh, boy.
Actually, they'll take Miyamoto and Sakurai and split the brains together and they'll have the adjoined brain and the adjoined heart.
They'll have two hearts like like the doctor.
The more organs, the more human.
Yes, I agree with this.
All right.
I am changing the topic, but I'm changing the topic by saying, please go to our next topic, DarkSakura.
Oh, wait, wait, wait.
SSJ100 Matt has the best line.
They have to freeze all of them to battle with the future return of Segata Sanshiro.
Segata Sanshiro.
I hate it here.
You know you love it.
I do.
OK, so we're all about accessibility here.
I hope we are.
We better be.
We all need to take people.
Of course.
are a lot of strides being taken toward better accessibility in games and Harada Katsuhiro has listed some details about Tekken 8's accessibility mode.
He has tweeted saying, I have developed and tested an accessibility version of Tekken 7, albeit not for sale, several years ago.
The studies have been introduced into this version of Tekken 8.
And it basically has different colorblind accessibility modes.
Like you can play your characters in black and white.
with them being horizontal black and white bars and the other being vertical black and white bars, sort of 2D over 3D, blue and yellow characters over an inverted black and white background, even with different color filters over it to retain the 3D.
I'll be perfectly honest, a lot of looking at this is very overstimulating for me personally, because there's so much going on, like,
You know...
Like the one that's really bugging me the most is, you know, have you ever taken just like a, like a full on normal 3d picture and then try to put it into a vector program?
How it just reduces everything like to line vector.
And it just does not do a great job.
It's just these random.
Quigley blurs and shapes, you know, that vaguely look like stuff.
That's what one of them looks like to me.
And I'm just like, um, I cannot, please, please, brain does not compute.
But for, but I would imagine for people.
that need this kind of visual interface.
Sorry.
That for them, you know, this is this is definitely a big step.
I mean, people are already saying that.
And I'm going to be perfectly honest, of course, the majority of of people who deal with colorblindness are going to be predominantly
assigned male at birth, I'll say, born with that genetic predisposition toward it.
But even so, I can see how some of this would be good also for people with other conditions, too.
For example, people with poor eyesight might be able to play with that yellow and blue mode and have a better opportunity to see the characters or people with
Focus Issues, and Laura Bliss!
Welcome in!
Sorry.
I had to say so as one of my streamer friends.
Welcome in.
But to go back to what I was talking about,
Um, the, uh, the demo showing this off is, it's already there, um, for PlayStation 5, Xbox Series X and PC.
And Bandai Namco is releasing the full game on January 26, 2024.
And I wouldn't doubt that there'll be, uh, other aspects to this built into it.
So that's really good.
Yeah.
Fifth Dream says, I have issues with following too much movement.
This could help maybe.
It's very interesting to see all the way these games are innovating in accessibility, you know, it was commented in chat, Dr. Tsuya said Mortal Kombat 1 and Street Fighter 6 did some cool stuff with accessibility as well.
Yeah, I remember like the descriptive fatalities in Mortal Kombat 1, you know, there's there's been a lot of creativity in the accessibility realm with fighting games.
It's pretty cool to see.
So it's nice that Tekken is kind of continuing that trend.
It's pretty cool.
I want to see games offer more ways to play with switch control, for example, or with eye tracking.
If they can get the eye tracking down a lot better,
then I see a lot of potential in that.
I've used a couple of different eye-tracking devices to control things, I'd say over the last year or so, and it's getting better.
I really see games opening up to more people.
PlayStation VR, too, does that.
It's very fascinating, yeah.
Cool.
Alright, moving on, on a completely different note, I don't know how to transition to this topic, Loki, but it's something people are talking about!
Yeah, it's the final, final recent act in the three-part act.
The third revision to Twitch's DanceOn.
Yeah, the three-part act that is the Twitch allowing artistic nudity.
The climax, if you will.
Yes, so now, now they don't.
Or at least, they don't.
People once again keep trying to skirt by the rules in different ways, so one of the new metas was this implied nudity meta, so basically they were putting black bars across different areas of their body even though they were clothed underneath.
No Austin Powers.
No Austin Powers.
I'm sorry.
Austin Powers banned and banned from Twitch.
I hope you all know what I'm referencing in that movie.
The infamous scene where the continuous objects are covering up the body parts that are otherwise implied nude.
But I believe they wanted to keep that movie at a PG-13 rate.
Maybe it is rated R. I don't know.
But yeah.
And then they did the same fucking joke in the sequel, if I remember right.
In all of the movies.
Yeah, of course they did.
Of course they did.
No Austin Powersing.
Yeah, so does that make the trailer for the latest Yakuza game legal then?
Because it kind of did the same thing.
I think games are different.
I don't think it necessarily applies to games.
I think that was one of the things that they did call out on it.
I'm trying to see... Right, because you don't get banned for playing Baldur's Gate 3 if you just brush by that part of the... and I mean that part of the character creator.
You know, I'm sure if you were, you know, spending hours and hours, you know,
Thank you
it says for those who present as women we we ask you to that you cover your cover your nipples and do not expose underbust cleavage is unrestricted as long as the coverage requirements are met and in the bolded and it is clear that the streamer is wearing clothing no under boob that's what they're saying right no under save save that for the what was the hot tub pools hot tubs and beaches they know what that category is come on like come on
Um, yeah, it'll be a mess until the next meta comes out.
And then they do something else.
They roll it back again, because someone will find a way to do something mirrors or at least smoke in mirrors, you know?
I don't envy the people trying to police the content on Twitch because this is exactly what happens.
You make the rules one way and people push the envelope as far as they can, but then if you make a rule that's too much, then people complain that you're doing too much.
it's still like it's still ridiculous anyways because you know they the rules that they have right now regarding like wearing bikinis and stuff like that they're like well only if it's a hot tub stream and so they will count it as a hot tub stream if you have a kiddie pool in your your bedroom or something like that that's counted because there's a there's a tub in view
or something like that even though clearly we're gonna do a hot tub not not we I wouldn't loop you all in this but we were gonna do a hot tub stream as a VOG point reward because Grandpa Warcraft or Captain Matt from Starboard Power Coupling has a hot tub up at his up at his cabin so I was like oh wait do you have do you have fast internet out here we could do a hot tub stream talking about World of Warcraft that'd be fun yeah it's just I don't know it's
It's weird, but it's it's because they don't have a dedicated adult category is why you have it seeping into everything.
And honestly, like, because they don't crack down on it, like that's why it's still pervasive, because they're making tons of money off of it, probably.
And until someone calls them out, or their, you know, advertising partners call them out on it, they're not gonna do anything.
You know what's funny?
TigerKlaw in chat says, remember when Twitch used to be about gaming and now look at this mess.
They should have kept JustinTV for all the real life stuff.
You might remember, go back to the episode right after TwitchCon.
I went to a panel with the old JustinTV founders and some of the new faces at Twitch as well that are, and I actually asked a question.
It wasn't, I don't think this was streamed on Twitch or anything, so you had to be in the room, but I actually asked a question and I said some of the effect of like,
How did that journey happen where JustinTV was about real life stuff and then it kind of pivoted to Twitch and then it went back to basically doing real life stuff but now on Twitch?
And in short, the answer I got was basically, it never really was intended to go away that you weren't supposed to be doing like real life or whatever.
It was always just a marketing thing, basically.
that they knew the audience was there with the video games and that kind of helped them get back.
Anyway, go listen.
The answer was better fresh in my mind on that episode.
So you have to go back and listen to that episode after TwitchCon where I detailed it better.
But I asked about that to the people that you would ask that about, too.
So it's a bummer that wasn't streamed online.
to my knowledge.
All right.
Let's talk about this because this is something that I think a lot of people would be very excited about.
And that would be a Chrono Trigger sequel.
No one hasn't been announced.
But you know, this is the time of year where we're doing a lot of interviews with folks.
So Yuji Horii
Hironobu Sakaguchi and Kazuhiko Torishima recently got together in person.
This is the first time in 30 years, apparently, that they got together in person to have a chat.
And I think this was like a podcast or something that they were doing or a broadcast.
And they were talking about a Chrono Trigger 2, that this idea kind of came up, and it actually seemed like there was some interest in making the sequel happen.
But it's probably unlikely.
Torishima joked that it would be easy to do because Square Enix have now merged.
Sakaguchi was not quite as sure, but all three devs said they'd like to work on a small game with a small team.
Sakaguchi said, let's make a simple Chrono Trigger 2.
But then they kind of were joking about they want to make something for Switch or mobile.
Chrono Trigger 2 would probably end up becoming much bigger.
And they do admit it would be difficult to see them doing Chrono Trigger 2.
If they ever did make something together again, they'd want to do something brand new.
But what's interesting, and Fifth Dream, you're spoiling the punchline, but that's okay.
I understand the story's been going around.
a lot this week.
They actually started talking about Sea of Stars, which, as you know, is a new kind of indie game that's very inspired by Chrono Trigger.
Sea of Stars has been very greatly influenced.
Well, sure enough, these guys know about this game.
Horii said the devs did a great job.
It looks just like Chrono Trigger.
Torishima found the game to be nostalgic, and Sakaguchi said, look, it's the same, and said the devs really did their best and did a great job.
Is that Toriyama?
Kazuhiko Torishima
All right, let's move on and get to since we're taking a retro time back through time, let's let's spotlight something in our next segment.
But by the way, I do quickly want to mention, you know, we are taping a podcast, but occasionally I have to acknowledge what's going on live.
Since Jamie already did that earlier, I will also say thank you for the hype train.
Y'all have a random ass hype train going on in chat right now.
Thank you for that.
That's very sweet of you to do.
What a hell of a way to start off 2024.
So why don't we, why don't we bring you this segment that you've been waiting for to kick off the year?
Here we go.
And now it's time to travel back to a simpler time, where I'll dive into the vault and pull out a classic and tell you about it.
It's time for the Classic Game of the Week.
All right, and wait, before I switch to what the game is, DarkSakura, were you inspired at all by Orange, right, on this?
Because I feel like you might have been.
Or, no, it's Dungeon Buster, I'm sorry, that does this on socials.
Oh.
Oh, OK, because he posts about these games a lot.
Anyway, OK, I just I had to know.
Well, what was your inspiration for this week's pick?
I did this because I already did the original Baldur's Gate.
Oh, OK, got it, got it.
All right.
Well, what is the classic game of the week then?
It's Pool of Radiance!
Another T&D game.
So, Pool of Radiance was published in 1988 by Strategic Simulations Inc.
You know, from the advanced Dungeons and Dragons.
This was in the heyday of second edition still, which is still best edition.
And it was the first adaptation of AD&D for home computers.
And it was the first episode in a four part series for Pool of Radiance.
They
The other games came in a gold box series that used the engine that was pioneered in Pool of Radiance.
Also, as did later D&D titles like Neverwinter Nights online game.
And it takes place in the Forgotten Realms setting and mostly centered around the city of Flan, a port city.
So you start off with a party of up to six characters, you know, decide, you know, what bits are in their pants.
what people they come from, what their class is, and what their stats are.
And then you have to go help the part of the city by clearing out bandits and other forces around.
And you move from area, from one to the other, and basically you're just doing your campaign and you get your experience points like you do in standard D&D.
and you can increase your stats for different capabilities.
It is a first-person game and the screen is divided into sections that show information that's useful to you.
And then, of course, during combat it goes to top-down, quote, video game isometric view, end quote.
We're going to go into a little bit more of the gameplay.
And for those who are here with us live on Twitch at VOG Network, you can see it, you know, going through the various characters and it has that classic first person, you know, sprite based going down, you know, turn the corner.
If you've played Phantasy Star, you know what I'm talking about.
So, you can make your own party, you can use a generated party for those new to it, and you have two slots also for NPCs, non-player characters.
You can
For some versions, they had ways that you could save them on your disk drive.
On others, you would have to have a save disk, like Commodore 64 used to save disks.
If you're playing the DOS version, it definitely saved to the internal.
So basically, your exploration mode, as I was mentioning earlier, has that three-dimensional first-person perspective with a rectangle in the top left of the screen.
displaying what the party is looking at.
You have different menus, you can see your attributes, you can see character sheets, you can see all kinds of stuff.
You have three different versions of each sprite as well to differentiate short, medium, and long range encounters.
You've got your spell list, you have all kinds of stuff.
Um, and of course, as I said, it goes to a top-down, uh, diametric, uh, view, uh, projection, where you can look at where the characters are, put them in the right place, talk strategy, all of that.
Um, and then, of course, you get an extra attack when enemies are retreating, which I think is awesome.
It's the, let me stab you in the back on your way out, or the door hit you in the ass.
If a character's HP falls below zero, then you have to be bandaged by another character or you die.
The game has random encounters, of course, and Dragon Magazine, which
If you don't remember Dragon Magazine, it was the magazine for all things D&D, fantasy universe, you named it.
Lots of good tie-ins with various TSR properties.
but one of their game reviewers said that the random encounters follow the standard patterns for encounter tables in tabletop D&D manuals and that the monster depictions basically were exactly what they were in the monster manual.
So you've got different combat options based on your class.
So fighters can do melee or ranged magic, users cast spells, thieves have backstab, sneak, fight, you know, basically, you just keep going, you know, normal, normal stuff.
Of course, for spellcasters, you have to spend time nightly to memorize your spells.
As you go through, you get XP and you can level up to become more powerful.
It had some interesting copy protection in it.
The DOS, Mac, and Apple II versions of Pool of Radiance had a two-ply code wheel.
You know, like those old decoders that you would get in your cereal boxes back in the day when people still gave a shit about decoders?
I feel like some Sierra games had the wheels too.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
LucasArts did a lot.
It was used for translating Elvish and Dwarven runes, and some Dwarven runes had different translations.
But on the title screen, it would come up with two runes in a varying line, like dotted, dashed, or whatever, that corresponded to the markings on your code wheel.
And you would enter a five or six character code that corresponded to all of that.
then that would be how you would unlock the game for use.
Also, in the DOS version, Pool of Radiance, the code wheel is used for some in-game puzzles.
In the NES version, the Elvish words are given to you deciphered, so you don't have a code wheel for the NES version.
But basically,
In the land of Flan, you're on the Moonsea shore.
And basically, you're starting a new Flan, an area of that, and just basically having to protect the city and help it grow and, you know.
work for them and you have different gods in the city and their temples can heal you depending on how you are.
Some of them require money, because of course they do.
You also can hire NPCs to go with the party.
So it is, you know, you go to the tavern and listen to gossip and drink and it's like...
Am I in the tavern?
Yeah, you're in the tavern.
Cool, I get drunk.
That too.
If there's any chicks there, I want to do them.
Yeah.
So, but basically, going back to a little bit of history on the game, and I know I have been talking at length about this already, but this game is very important in gaming history.
It was, again, the first official game based off AD&D rules.
The scenario was created by TSR designers Jim Ward, David Cook, Steve Winter, and Mike Brault, I always mispronounce his name, and then the programmers from SSI's team.
And the game was created on an Apple II and Commodore 64 computers in one year with a team of 35 people.
It was the first to use this game engine known as the Gold Box.
And it really followed quite well the AD&D rules, the second edition rules.
It used a lot of the Unearthed Arcana and the Monster Manual 2 that was used in development.
And, honestly enough, you know, the Pool of Radiance series, not only did it come out originally on Commodore 64, Apple II series, and IBM PCs, it came out on Atari ST.
There was a Mac version in 1989.
They had a slightly different interface and was meant to also work on black and white Macs like the Mac Plus and Mac Classic.
Different tiles.
There was an Amiga version that came out.
PC-9800 version.
It was fully translated in Japanese and had full-color graphics.
It was ported to the NES under the title Advanced Dungeons & Dragons Pool of Radiance.
It came out in April 1992.
The NES version had a full soundtrack that was composed by Toda Seiji, who was signed to Pony Canyon.
The soundtrack was also on the PC-9801 version.
The Amiga version had some extra music.
but the game shipped with a 28 page booklet that described some secrets in playing the game and concepts behind it and it had, you know, just showed you how to create the party and also had a 38 page adventurer's journal which gave more background on the game
had maps and all kinds of information.
It did spawn three direct sequels, Curse of the Azure Bonds in 89, Secrets of the Silver Blades in 1990, and Pools of Darkness in 1991, which I think is the one maybe most people know of as Pools of Darkness.
1989 game Hillsfar was also made by SSI, but not a sequel to Pool of Radiance, but it was inspired.
It was very detailed and very amazing for its day.
You know, keep in mind, these games were at the time being run on like Pentium, I think it was a Pentium 2, Pentium 3 around the time.
No, it had to have been a Pentium 2.
Anyway, I have to go look at my history again.
It's all about the Pentiums, baby.
Well, um, in 1988, uh, the module Ruins of Adventure was created using the same scenario for Pool of Radiance, same plot background setting, you name it.
And so the module also gave clues to completing the computer missions.
And so the Ruins of Adventure had four linked mini scenarios, which were the core Pool of Radiance and then, um,
Drakken said that Pool of Radiance was based on Ruins of Adventure, not vice versa, but Mike Brouillat stated that they were chosen directly to write for Pool of Radiance, and so the game came first.
In 1989, there's a novelization of Pool of Radiance that was called Pool of Radiance, published by TSR in their Forgotten Realms series.
It was the first in a trilogy, there was Pools of Darkness and Pool of Twilight.
GOG has released Pool of Radiance and many of the Gold Box games digitally on August 20, 2015 as part of the Forgotten Realms, the Archives.
Steam also released Pool of Radiance in 2022.
SSI sold 264,536 copies for North America when it came out, and that was three times that of Heroes of the Lance, which was, I believe, the Dragonlance one, I'd have to say.
Yeah, this is the Dragonlance campaign.
And the hint book outsold any earlier game.
It really was very well received.
Dragon Magazine gave it a 4.5 out of 5 stars.
Amiga Action, 79%.
Commodore User, 9 out of 10.
So, it also won an Origins Award for Best Fantasy or Science Fiction Computer Game of 1988.
There were some mixed reviews for some of the other versions.
Some people just didn't care for having it on a computer to begin with, and that colored their review.
They also found that there were speed issues.
The DOS version was really fast, so much that they had to slow the game down to be able to read on-screen messages.
The DOS version played at twice the speed of Commodore 64 or 128 version when using the EGA graphics mode.
But I mean, there's a lot more history about it.
It won so many awards.
It really was something that set the pace.
And in 1990, it received the fifth highest number of votes in the survey of computer gaming world all time favorites.
It has been ranked by IGN as number 3 on their list of top 11 Dungeons & Dragons games of all time in 2014.
And honestly, it really did set the pace, you know?
I think the big thing that
Yeah, the big one that I played was Pool of Radiance, Ruins of Mithdranor.
I played a lot of that one, and I have, like, the... Well, actually, I think I loaned the manual to somebody, and I don't know where it is now.
But I had, like, the full box set that came with the player's guide and everything.
So, I love that they were able to put these things together.
And that's it, the one that started it, Pool of Radiance.
All right.
Great pick.
And hey, I remember my Thaco.
That's right.
You can see Thaco on the screen, as Bobbi's pointing out, and some of the kind of transitions as they're walking around and managing their inventory and doing all this.
I'll translate for the babies.
To hit armor class zero.
Alright, Pool of Radiance, your classic game of the week, and really one of the all-time classics, to be quite honest, picking a heck of a thing to start off 2024.
Alright, we're gonna check out some other news very quick, and then we just have a couple other headlines here.
It's still pretty early in the year, so we don't have a ton of news, but there's been a bit to catch up on over the past couple weeks, so we still have just a few more things, including some quick headlines, and we will start with Loki.
Yeah, speaking of something tangentially related to Dungeons & Dragons, I mean, I guess it is technically Dungeons & Dragons, but Baldur's Gate 3, folks are getting banned, or I should say, getting, having their clips flagged on Xbox.
if they contain, you know, some spicy gameplay in there.
So now Lorian Studios has worked with Microsoft to get those clips unbanned.
And in the meantime, they said that if you want to upload any clips, make sure to turn off mature content so that, you know, it doesn't come across and you don't have your account be in jeopardy there.
Oh, I had to unpublish mine because I accidentally showed bits.
I will also on a somewhat related but funny note that I saw come across social media, because, you know, Awesome Games Done Quick is coming up next week.
So there's speed runs, lots of speed runs.
One speed run you will not be seeing there is the one that I just saw on YouTube.
And that was a it was a sex run in Baldur's Gate.
And it was somebody unlocking sex as fast as they could in the game.
And I think it was like two minutes.
I think they got it done.
I think they got sex in under two minutes, which is how long some guys last.
Anyway.
So, uh, Game Pass, adding some new games in January, obviously.
So some of the games coming to Game Pass this month, we have Hell Let Loose.
That's on cloud PC and the Xbox series.
Assassin's Creed Valhalla.
Figment, SuperMegaBaseball4, WeHappyFew, Resident Evil 2, Those Who Remain, Dead by Daylight, Chucky Update, Hello Neighbor 2 Anniversary, Sea of Thieves Season 10
It comes and goes.
And then Garden Story, MotoGP 22, Persona 4 Golden, and Persona 3 Portable are also leaving this month as well.
All right.
DarkSakura.
So, um, oh goodness, I had the frog in my throat.
Um, so we have the next, uh, Stern Pinball release, and that's going to be da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-
Anyway, there's going to be a little bit more information coming out, but right now they've just made their big... They're going to be showing more off between January 9th and 12th at the Consumer Electronics Expo in Las Vegas.
I kind of want to be there.
People are already sure that it's already in production, so we'll see what happens.
All right.
And one more story for you is about a classic game that dates all the way back to the Atari Lynx is being redone for the Nintendo Switch.
It's Chips Challenge.
Oh, I remember Chips.
Yeah, that's right.
It came out originally in 1989 for the Atari Lynx, and it's going to be coming out on January 25th, 2024 for the Nintendo Switch.
It's the classic puzzle game from 1989 with over 140 levels.
This collection will let you play the classic game, but with new features, including display filters, such as LCD and CRT filters, save games, and then right and left-handed control presets.
You know, interesting fun fact, and I think I've mentioned this on the show before, I actually know the guy that made this game.
The original, Chuck is his name, he made this game on the Atari Lynx back in the day, and you know, this game's kind of been everywhere since then, because it had all these different ports.
Really nice guy.
He doesn't really... He's not really connected to video games.
He's not really connected with the gaming industry anymore.
He said to me some just things that I think he's just kind of not with it anymore.
But he does some really cool... He does a lot of cool, like, lighting stuff now, actually.
He does, like, exhibits for Burning Man.
And they've actually showed some of them downtown.
If you saw, like, that light wall by the Golden One downtown last year, it was up for a few months.
He did that.
So he does a lot of really cool light exhibits now.
So it's kind of...
I guess maybe interesting kind of thing that here comes that game coming up again on the Nintendo Switch.
Some games last a very long time.
It's pretty cool.
All right, moving on.
Let's travel around the world and check out some other new games that are coming out in the coming week.
Although I don't know if there will be a lot this early in the year, but I'll check in anyway.
Loki.
Yeah, and I was going to mention with Chip's Challenge, the thing, I didn't remember this from the actual Atari Lynx.
I actually got it with the Microsoft Entertainment Pack.
Remember that?
I do.
I think that's how a lot of people played it, to be honest.
Exactly, so this is pretty cool.
Yeah, we have a few things coming out this week.
Not a whole lot, but we have, looks like Laika, Aged Through Blood on Nintendo Switch.
Momodora, Moonlit Farewell on PC.
The Top Racer Collection on PC, Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, Xbox One, and Xbox Series.
War Hospital on PC, PlayStation 5, and Xbox Series.
Crystal Story, Dawn of Dusk on PC.
And that actually is it.
Alright, well let's head over to Japan and check out the releases coming out there.
I don't think we have an awful lot this week.
Well, actually we have a little bit on the 11th.
We have Gungrave Gore, that's G-O-R-E, is coming out on the Nintendo Switch in Enhanced Edition and Limited Edition, because you know we love our Limited Editions and such in Japan.
Also, Football Manager coming out in Japan on January the 12th.
So that is what you have to look forward to on the Nintendo Switch.
On the PlayStation 5, that Football Manager game also being released in Japan.
That is really it.
What about Europe, DarkSakura?
One.
It's on PlayStation and Xbox.
It comes out the 11th, War Hospital Deluxe Edition.
Exciting.
Yeah.
All right, we have just a few more stories for you, and then we'll invite your comments and topics and all that good stuff.
But first, Loki's got a couple other headlines to talk about.
These are both kind of some big stories, too.
We want to make sure.
Yeah.
So.
We know that there's surprisingly coming out very soon, and I'm surprised we haven't seen anything about it yet, but the Minecraft movie is supposed to be coming out this year.
Actually, I think it may be pushed back a little bit later, but I thought it was coming out in March.
I guess it's pretty close.
Why live action?
I don't know.
It just sounds awful as a live action movie.
Remember that they had casted Jason Momoa in it for some reason.
And now Jack Black is set to play Steve in the Minecraft movie.
I don't know how, like, like, don't get me wrong.
I like Jack Black.
He would work as as an animated movie would work as him playing Steve.
I do not see him as a Steve in a live action Minecraft.
It just doesn't feel like it makes any sense.
You know what, Loki, it could have been worse.
It could have been Timothee Chalamet or something like that.
So, you know, Jack Black, I think they could have done a lot worse.
I don't know.
I think he'll bring enthusiasm to the role, though.
I mean, sure.
He'll have a respect for the source material.
It's just like, it's one of those things like the idea of a Minecraft movie, like an animated movie, makes a whole ton of sense to me.
A live action Minecraft movie makes no sense to me.
And hearing Jack Black and Jason Momoa makes me think of like the new Jumanji type thing where it's like, oh, we got sucked into a video game type thing.
And like,
I certainly hope that's not what it is because I mean one it's incredibly derivative and two it's Jack Black is in the Jumanji movie and that's the premise of that too so it's like okay you can't do that again I mean you can but like this was it I think this is a Warner Brothers movie too if I remember correctly so you're gonna cancel all those other movies but not this I mean I don't know we'll see
SSJ100 Matt going straight for the heart saying I raise your Timothee Chalamet with Jared Leto.
Do you know how Tron fans are grieving right now?
Do you know what it's like to be a Tron fan right now?
Well, yeah, Yuri's actor.
Well, there's that too.
That's also horrible news.
Yeah, she passed, but Jared Leto is going to be in the third movie.
What?
Yeah.
Oh, that came out a while ago.
You know, OK, here's the thing.
I actually don't really hate him so much in movies.
I think it's just cool to hate on him.
You just haven't watched his movies, have you?
I did.
I like, I actually was kind of into him as Joker in Suicide Squad.
Big fan of the Morbius.
We're way, we're way in distance from my so-called life now.
I just want to be clear.
All right.
Like, I didn't have a problem with him as Joker in, in the Suicide Squad movie, other than he didn't even need to be in the movie, but like.
True.
And then, then they just like, let's not pretend that movie ever happened and we'll just do it again, you know?
So, um... I don't know, like... I'll see it anyways, it's gonna be garbage, cause I gotta see whether it's gonna be garbage or not.
I mean... You're watching- you're waiting for the trainwreck to happen.
You're gonna hate watching it.
I am waiting for- I am gonna hate watching it, but like, yeah, it's just- it's...
I had to see a trailer of it.
Like it just right now, like, assuming that it's coming out... How is it coming out in March?
It sounds like they haven't even shot a frame of it yet.
That's impossible.
March 2025?
How much of it's going to be CG and green screen?
It was supposed to be pretty soon.
I would love a Tron movie for my birthday, but I don't know so much.
No, he's Matt still talking about Minecraft.
I don't know when the Tron one is being done, but they did after right after the writer's strike wrapped up or the I'm sorry, the actor's strike wrapped up.
They confirmed that because one of the big stories when the writer's strike happened was that they laid people off that were working on Tron because they were unable to finish it.
But then once they got that resolved, they're picking it up again.
And now they're making casting announcements.
So who's Jared Leto?
So it's a play in the Tron movie, like
I don't think Garrett Hedlund is back in it.
I think it's taking place in a completely different... I don't know.
I have concerns, but we'll see.
I will hate watch it just like Loki hate watches Minecraft because at least it's Tron.
There's no Daft Punk to do the score.
the Oasis from Ready Player One to make that.
Like, you're talking about a company, like, really, we're gonna trust Warner Brothers with this?
The company that, like, just eats up other companies and then cancels all their products and, like, all that stuff?
Like, are we really gonna do that?
One word, three letters.
Matrix MMO.
Flop.
it's also like it's like you don't like did you read the book like do you not recognize yourselves as IOI like the the company that's basically this big corporation looking to monetize the whole thing in the first place like of course not because they're everybody's looking at fortnite now and everybody wants to be the next fortnite yeah but what was the last good warner brothers game mortal kombat one yeah okay fine that's that's more nether realm that they're like you know like if
just any of their properties, though.
Other than that, I'm just some would say the wizard boy game.
It it sold it sold copies.
We'll just leave it at that, you know, but if I if I am to things happened in relation to it, if I am to take your question seriously, I would have to give you that serious answer.
Sure.
I just don't trust them.
City of Heroes
Yeah, so apparently City of Heroes, obviously, was shut down a long time ago, back in 2012.
But there was some unofficial private servers running the game, and that had been existing for years afterwards.
Now, one of those, of course, is a part of, was it the Homecoming?
It's this unofficial fan-run project called Homecoming.
announced that NCSoft had no plans to kill City of Heroes' private server.
Instead, the company is providing the devs with an official license to maintain the City of Heroes' server.
So they're coming out and endorsing it, basically, allowing them to continue it on.
Which I think is pretty awesome.
It says, Homecoming has been granted a license to operate as a City of Heroes server and further develop the game.
Subject to conditions and limitations of the contract, but as between us and NCSoft, NCSoft still owns City of Heroes intellectual property and its derivatives.
But at least they're going to be allowed to continue, you know,
Developing the game, I guess, to add enhancements where need be and stuff like that.
So that's pretty cool.
Years late, but it's still pretty cool.
It's still pretty cool.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Alright, also pretty cool, all of you that participate with our show every week, whether you're here live in our chatroom over at twitch.tv slash VOG Network, or you're listening on our podcast feed and interacting with us on social media, such as Blue Sky, because I don't read the other one, or sending us emails, participate at orangeloungeradio.com.
Unfortunately, I believe we are email free tonight, DarkSakura, is that correct?
Yeah.
All right.
Well, make DarkSakura work next week.
Participate at OrangeLingerie.com is the place to send us some emails.
Hey, if nothing else, send us some cute cat pics or dog pics if you don't have cats.
And if you don't have cats or dogs, fish pics are acceptable as well.
Whoever your loved non-human friends are.
And yeah, I will open it up though for folks in our chat if you have anything you want to ask us about, please, please ask it over at twitch.tv slash VOG Network.
I will point out because I saw them join our chat earlier, our pal SlaggyMcWaggy joined.
chat.
And I know that if you don't know Slaggy, he hosted a show that used to be on this network called the Gamebuoy.org podcast.
I'm waiting for them to come back and I hope they do someday and will still join us on the network when they do.
But Slaggy has rebranded his Twitch presence because I was joking that Slaggy rebrands more often than Madonna.
So Slaggy was going by
and Slaggy!
HotPocketTree, which is, I love that name by the way, says in chat, I made friends with a moth.
Is that cool?
I think so.
Only if it's a photogenic moth.
What if it's one of those big gigantic moths?
Those are awesome.
Or Mothman.
That might be a little bit scary.
And hopefully not the kind of moth that you saw in the Silence of the Lambs, because that was creepy.
But as long as otherwise the moth wasn't hurting anyone.
Mothra.
Mothra, yeah.
If it was Mothra, then awesome.
Uh, DarkTutsuya says, did we talk about Loki's game this week?
I know it's one near and dear to my heart at least.
Is this which what what are we Loki's game?
Are we talking about the one you're developing for the playdate?
I'm not developing anything yet.
I'm just sitting here looking at the playdate and occasionally downloading stuff to it.
Okay, so so it's in its conceptual stage only.
We will let you know when shooting has commenced on that product.
Oh, Dr. C is talking about the game in the background.
You're right.
I didn't check this in the beginning of the show.
But you have a game playing behind you.
As you often do when we're taping our show.
Yes.
It is only because I couldn't really think of what I wanted to put in the background.
So like, okay, I'd like to see like a racing game.
So it's Wangan Midnight Maximum Tune 6.
What a good soundtrack.
Only because the soundtracks are awesome.
Yeah, soundtracks, those games are always great.
Although I don't know if I've listened all the way to six.
But the first three, I definitely have done that.
So it's cool.
I love that.
Any last minute stories or other topics to bring up tonight, Loki?
Mmm, no.
Yeah, I know.
It's been it's been one of those weeks.
sj100mad is saying, Are we doing predictions again this year?
Oh, that's a good thought.
Oh, yeah, we should have looked at those.
We did those last year.
Actually, I think we I think I have them.
Okay, let's do it.
We should we should look at that.
What did we predict?
That's what we're gonna find out because I should make our predictions next week, I guess since we're Yeah, I need preparation for that.
Yeah, we can look at what our predictions are this year.
Um,
I don't know if I have them on my desktop.
Where did I put OLR 2020?
Oh, here we are.
I found him.
I found him.
You ready?
Yeah, let's do it.
All right.
Let's recap.
Here we are.
I have them in my very fancy notepad file.
Wait, how can I make this bigger?
Hold on.
Hold on.
Hold on.
We're gonna make this bigger.
WordPad, I am using the most current technology I have available to me.
on the internet.
because the next prediction was me, the PSVR 2 flops.
I kind of want to give myself a point for that.
I don't know.
We should have defined what a flop is.
I haven't seen them in stores.
Okay.
So like, yeah, they may be available because no one's buying them, but like it's.
I don't know.
All right.
Yeah, I know.
I think neither one of these are technically correct.
It didn't like flop, but it didn't do gangbusters either.
So I certainly forgot what what?
Yeah, I don't know.
Yeah.
DarkSakura had predicted the Google Chrome gamebook bombs.
I feel like that's in a similar situation where I haven't heard of it bombing, but it isn't really doing gangbusters either.
The Google like Google Chrome sales.
Abk Microsoft merger will not go through and an example is made of them.
DarkSakura said Kotick forced out of the working world completely.
HalfPointe
Loki says Nintendo finally announces new console for what they're cooking up next year.
Nope.
Zonk, zonk.
Try again.
Loki, I don't even remember this.
Loki said cocaine bear game is insane and awesome.
They never had one.
Oh, they never came out with one, that's right, because this was in the movie, that's right, this was in the movie trailer, was everywhere, and Megan and all that shit, and you were like, oh, there's inevitably gonna be a Cocaine Bear game, womp womp, nope, there won't.
Uh, me, Valve releases a 3, boy did I get that one wrong.
Oh, actually, I take that back.
There is a Cocaine Bear game.
Is it insane and awesome?
It is a web game and it is not insane or awesome.
It is Pac-Man.
We're keeping that red color.
OK, DarkSakura literally can't even.
Well, that's that was that she's just given.
I've never been able.
She's just given herself a point.
And then also predicted for Dead by Daylight, Candyman or Pumpkinhead.
Good choices, but didn't happen.
Let's be let's be real.
I was surprised by Chucky.
Yeah, let's be real.
That's that's a hard one to predict.
And the Candyman was being predicted a lot of places.
And it's nobody could have predicted Nicolas Cage.
That's what I was really going to say.
Nobody would have predicted Nicolas Cage for sure.
I put something up on my TikTok of me playing him with a Demogorgon.
Oh, fun.
It's pretty funny.
I love that.
So honestly, we really only kind of got points in this section here.
An example was made of ABK, Mitsuda no longer at Square Enix, and Kotick forced out of the working world completely.
Not bad.
Not bad.
Nah, not great.
What did the other podcasts get?
Cookies.
All right.
Thank you, RekordWN.
Great job, everyone.
And yeah, so we'll do new predictions next week.
Thank God I had that file saved.
That was great.
Maybe next year I'll make a PowerPoint.
We'll really do something with it.
All right.
PowerPoint.
It's all keynote.
Whatever.
Whatever.
Or well, what's what's in reality?
I don't actually use PowerPoint, to be clear.
I use... Rob, real people use Tableau.
What's what is Open Office's version?
Impress.
That's what I've used.
Impress.
Are you not impressed?
Don't you know whenever there's information you need to present, you should just go for Tableau?
No, I'll just use Impress.
OpenOffice
DarkSakura, you are playing Dead by Daylight tonight, right?
Yeah, cause it's Sunday night is always killer night unless people are like, play with me.
I don't, I'm not able to go as long as I was before because I actually do have work tomorrow.
Um, but I need, I need to get some pigu time in, you know, we need some pigu time.
Well have fun, have a good stream.
Do you have a final thought for us before you head out?
Um, fact check before you fucking post.
That's all.
Good advice.
Especially with video content.
I'm going to say that right now.
Make sure the video content that you're posting isn't from a film that was made three years ago.
Okay.
Okay, people.
Okay.
It's too easy to hit that repost button.
All right.
Later, gators.
Bye.
Loki, do you have a final thought for us tonight?
Hopefully I'll have some new episode content out soon, since I have a lot of it edited already and I probably should just get it done.
So we'll do that.
We'll get it done.
Sounds good.
My final thought is I'll be having another new character day with Shane at some point this week.
Oh, I've been posting TikToks.
I've done like three.
I'm a TikToker now.
I've I did like three TikToks the first week of January.
Yay.
And they are I think they're fun little stories.
I'm test.
I'm actually I kind of thought TikTok would be a fun space to kind of test material for things that I might use on stage later on.
So if you want to get some insight into storytelling and things like that, check out TikTok.
I am Mr. Mr. Rob Roberts on TikTok because somebody took my name.
Twitch, and YouTube
There's that.
I'll make websites now.
What year is this?
90s?
Mobile friendly sites, too.
You got to do that version that, you know, does mobile land, but it's what it is.
I have a link tree for now, and that does that does good enough.
But yes, especially because I'm trying to do it without Twitter.
I don't know if you all know, but like I literally locked my Twitter and there's a my bio now says I don't post here, basically.
So it says something equivalent of I don't post here.
Go to Blue Sky.
um so that and that's you know there's still a lot of people on twitter that won't fucking leave which i understand it's it's comfortable and so forth and there's still a lot of engagement to be had there but i am playing hard mode by being stubborn and not doing fucking twitter so there's that
And yeah, Bobby Blackwell says you need websites now so you're not reliant on any social media platform.
HotPocketry asks, is BlueSky open?
Yes and no.
You still need an invite code, which if you need an invite code, like talk to a lot of people in chat can hook you up.
Or message me on Discord, we'll get you hooked up.
But what they did open up is that now you can actually link to posts and you can see them without having a BlueSky account.
which is huge.
So basically like your blue skies are now all public.
But they gave the user base warning.
They said in 30 days, your posts will be viewable publicly.
So if you have anything you don't want, you, you know, but, but they keep reminding blue sky has always been an open platform.
You need to be careful.
You know, they're, they're trying to remind people, but that has not stopped FCF from happening every Friday.
And in fact, apparently FCF broke blue sky this last Friday.
And FCF does not mean Fuzzy Cat Friday, it means something else, and I will leave it to your active imaginations to figure out.
It's not Fat Chicken Friday, but it's close.
So I'll leave it at that.
But anyway, Blue Sky is fun.
That's where I post now.
So if you want to see my daily things on short form media, Blue Sky is the place to be.
Or Instagram, I still use Instagram, at Mr. Rob Roberts, same name there.
You can find all my stuff on Linktree at Rob Roberts.
all right um but that's it we're out of here have a wonderful night everybody we will see you next week here on the show uh you're getting the holiday outro tonight one more time because i forgot to sub it out but are we still within the 12 days of christmas i think today i think today is literally the last day or it was yesterday i don't know whatever lazy reason i have you still get the holiday outro one more time happy new year everybody good night
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is a production of OLR Studios.
To join us for our live show, tune in to vognetwork.com Sunday nights at 6pm Pacific, 9pm Eastern.
The views and opinions expressed in this program do not necessarily reflect those of the staff of Orange Lounge Radio nor VOG Network, but you know they were all still true.
See you next week!
