Orange Lounge Radio To-Go Edition Live E3 2005 Thursday Edition
You're tuned in to the Orange Lounge Radio To-Go Edition
Your podcast home for all the latest video game news and gamer chat. Now, here are your hosts, DarkSakura, Skye, and Logan.
All right, hello and welcome to our Thursday edition of the Orange Lounge Radio Podcast.
My name is Rob Roberts, you might know me as Skye. Joining me as always, my lovely co-host in this corner,
dark Sakura Jamie summers you call me lovely but donkey said I was gorgeous
and also the one and only Loki I am here alright so we're having a little bit of
technical difficulties I'll tell you what so obviously Wednesday's podcast
actually didn't end up going up until Thursday morning so we apologize for
that delay but we just had all these ideas on how we were gonna upload the
show and none of them worked first off go figure neither of the hotels were
staying at happen because we're actually across two separate hotels the three of
us neither of them have Wi-Fi access so that does us no good there and then the
internet cafe that is up the street from where Loki and I are staying was closed
yesterday and we were thinking oh we'll just upload it over there no they're
closed so we had to wait and today we uploaded it from the e3 Business Center
so we finally got it up there so you guys actually won't hear this until
Friday morning so we apologize for that delay but you know it happens and we're
still bringing you the coverage faster than the 99.9% of the other sites out
there on the internet so we're really excited about that we also want to give
a big thank you to Jason our webmaster who has is helping us out on the other
end and getting these podcasts to you guys yeah all right so let's talk about
Thursday how you guys feeling after today two-thirds of the showdown only
Friday to go today is the longest day of e3 as well going from nine o'clock in the morning to six o'clock in the evening
I know Loki and I were there all day. Jamie G there nine o'clock to
Got there around ten something actually because we went to breakfast
Not us we we kind of skip breakfast
Well, we actually ended up eating like pizza what at about 1130 or so?
No, no even before that was Mike 1030 or something
It was about 1030 and the reason behind that is is if you don't eat at e3
3 super early in the day or super late in the day you will be waiting in line
for a long time as lanky style from the other show and I found out on yes on
Wednesday we waited in line for like 45 minutes to get an $8 hamburger and fries
which is like even worse quality than you'd get at Burger King so that's one
thing if you guys planning on going to e3 in the future eat early eat late or
sneak your food in I don't know you know what I actually ate a hamburger too just
without the bun and she gave me two patties I had a cheeseburger and it was
still eight bucks all right yeah I got twice as much food as you did also I
want to just say to you guys real quick we are having another technical
difficulty tonight we actually only have one microphone so if you ever couple
clanks and weird volume things it's just because we're passing it back and forth
but again we want to bring you guys the up to new up to the minute news so we're
just kind of making do with it anyway Loki also remember it if you're coming
to e3 to buy food bring cash because I don't know why but like after about a
couple hours after they open there's like you know we don't want to you know
have to worry about you know doing our you know credit cards and whatnot so
you know to hell with it and you're screwed because you have your food and
you're like oh can I pay the credit no ah crap then then you're stuck in the
awkward moment luckily I always bring cash so just one of the fun thing and
you know so I okay one other thing I gotta say about all that is you notice
that around the LA Convention Center there is no fast food whatsoever no
McDonald's no burger within a reasonable walking distance nothing you think they
do that on purpose so that you're kind of forced to eat those I heard they
chased away a hot dog vendor today too that wasn't licensed they fear
competition is so that you buy their overpriced crappy but food alright
enough talk about food I'm sorry guys let's move on to the games the games
what we really want to talk about let's do the what we did yesterday let's talk
about three interesting games that we saw today at e3 three things we played
and enjoy let's go around and start with Loki three games actually no wait you
stole mine yesterday I'm starting off today three three games I played today
that I enjoyed. First off, Castlevania DS I actually checked out today and I thought
it was pretty cool. I like the way that you can kind of draw to defeat the boss.
It was kind of interesting. A lot of DS games to date, they've relied solely on
the touch, I think, the touch element of the game. Whereas Castlevania DS, it was a
Castlevania game like you'd see on the Game Boy Advance with your map or
sub-screen shown at the top, but the drawing only came into it once in a
while, which I thought was very cool. So, Castlevania DS I liked for that. What else
did I play today that I liked? I also played, over at Nintendo, I managed to play
Donkey Konga 2, which was interesting, it was different, but some of the songs in it
were really weird. Like, the song I played was Headstrong, and I don't even remember who sings that,
because I don't listen to mainstream music, but, um, Headstrong, eh, whatever. So it was weird to hear that in
Donkey Konga though of all things and then I'm trying to think what else oh
yes one pleasant surprise the first thing I saw this morning over at
Midway's booth I played Mortal Kombat Shaolin Monks which I wasn't sure what
to expect from that I thought it was just gonna be another Mortal Kombat game
but it's more like Mortal Kombat in the I don't know if this is a fair comparison
but in the Devil May Cry sense where you're walking around and you're just
like beating things up but it's kind of cool because if you pick up a weapon
like in more total Mortal Kombat style you're lobbing off heads and arms and
all that fun stuff and you get to do fatalities. I was actually really
pleasantly surprised with Mortal Kombat Salamence it's actually one of those
few games I see that I'm like you know I'm gonna have to buy this when it comes
out but of course I've always been kind of a Mortal Kombat fan I guess so
I say so those are my three. Logie? It was Mortal Kombat of War that's what it was
because everyone's got to do the God of War Devil May Cry game even Disney but
I haven't played that one yet.
Is that That's So Raven 2, where Raven Simones just starts coming out and kicking the crap
out of everybody?
You wish.
No, that would be the Nightmare Before Christmas game that's, you know, based on- Raven Simones
and Nightmare Before Christmas?
No, Raven Simones should not be in any game.
Ever.
I don't know.
They really set crap for the Game Boy Advance.
Another reason why I'm not buying the Game Boy Micro.
Okay, I don't need crap in smaller sizes.
Still crap.
I played a couple games today. I played LA rush which is
Just like San Francisco rush except you have no clue where the hell you're supposed to be going. It was very unclear
It's just like driving in LA for reals
It was unclear where the hell you're supposed to be going
You actually had to look at your map and look at you know
These checkpoints that they had that resembled something from either say Grand Theft Auto during your your checkpoint race missions or whatever or?
or Midnight Club, the original Midnight Club,
where you have this beam of light coming,
and so you see it off in the distance,
but you're like, how the hell do I get there?
And a lot of times I got lost.
It was just not fun in that sense.
And the other annoying thing is every time
you get in a high-speed car crash,
they do slow-mo instant replay.
Annoying as hell.
Yeah, sure, ooh, it looks cool, but guess what?
You're not burnout, so stop trying to be like burnout.
Okay, you're L.A. Rush.
San Francisco rush you know unrealistic you know loops and stuff that is what I expect from LA rush. That's not what I got
It's just trying to be burnout, and I don't like that. It's really bad anyways
The other thing I played was shadow the Hedgehog and that was okay
That's all it was it was just Sonic with a gun, and that's it's really. I was just like okay
Whatever not really impressed at all
So, big deal for that.
And then, kind of touched back to something I talked about yesterday, I played Dance Dance
Revolution Xtreme 2, but with the IToy support today, and I was, once again, not very impressed
by the hands and feet mode.
I thought it was retarded.
No, no, no, no, you're just pissed off because you failed your song, and you're also pissed
off that when I played In the Heat of the Night, expert into hands and feet mode, that
I got a crowd.
So, you know, don't go there.
First off, hands and feet mode, all they do is throw up some random hand, um, wave things
or whatever, and that's it.
It kinda sucked.
But really, um, any other game, well there's another game I played today that, um, we'll
go into later just because, you know, well, it's just a different story.
But yeah, that's pretty much it.
Those are the three games I played.
Dark Sakura, your big three from today, Thursday.
My big three. Well, I'm not, you know, I looked at a whole bunch of stuff. I played a few.
Um, I have to completely just gush over Kingdom Hearts 2. Oh, it was Kingdom Hearts 2. It
was so cool. Noah, are you gushing because it's Kingdom
Hearts or are you gushing like everybody made this giant gush sound in the Squeenix show
when you saw that Johnny Depp is, uh, what was his character in Pirates of the Caribbean?
I didn't see the movie I have to be honest I I don't get out much yeah thank
you Jack Sparrow is actually in Kingdom Hearts everybody made this big goosh
when Jack Sparrow came on screen spoiler thank you I was gonna go to that
tomorrow you bitch it was on the internet before they showed it do I I
usually spend my internet time reading world news and events sir thank you
there's an event it was an event it was an event the way that me waking up in
the morning and farting is an event is that are you looking up world events
like oh no Ben Affleck got Jennifer Garner pregnant oh my lord
no that's your Yahoo not mine I've seen your Yahoo your Yahoo is Britney Spears
is knocked up sorry I have been a fleck.com feeding right into my my Yahoo
bitch yeah who just is depressing every day or okay anyway you had to find out
someday I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm making pouty face I was gonna find out tomorrow
you give me a dollar anyway anyway Kingdom Hearts 2 is pretty and it's very
I mean, it's really it the graph this has retains the same graphic style
I mean, it's pretty much on with the last one except you can tell it does more in subtle ways
First of all, I have to mention this. This is what made me really bouncy went over to a squenix
No pictures. No pictures. No, we're gonna hide the game from the world
And I haven't seen a single other booth say you can't take pictures
um PlayStation did the same thing well f them both yeah anyway I tried over to
Buena Vista today eyes look around no one's there so I start playing and
picture guys like I'll play for you while you take pictures and I'll show
you the cool shit you can take pictures of them and I wanted to actually get his
name and he's like no I don't actually work for Buena Vista I'm more of a
correspondence so I said I'll credit you as that nice guy at the Buena Vista
booth so thank you nice guy anyway he showed me you can actually fuse with
other characters in your party and actually it's really cool when you fuse
with goofy because you get the valor okay bitch you get you get the valor and
he wears this red outfit and he wields two key blades and that was
pretty cool and he's got all this power and he did the the Mulan level he did
the level where Hades is trying to kick your ass but the Mulan level is cool
because you know the scene where who is the bad guy in Mulan I don't remember
his name but you know he comes over the hill and there's a few of his army there
and they're like okay and they rush and then a bajillion of them rush over the
hill well instead it was a bunch of heart of the heartless and we're talking
like there were easily several hundred on the screen at that time attacking you
and you just have to outlast the clock at this point but there and I've got
several pictures of it they're gonna be online when we get back unless somebody
is kind enough to take them back beforehand but there was just so many on
screen I was really impressed I mean hi we are all over the place we are yellow
and ugly in which I kick your ass that's everything so that was really cool and
then I got to get into one of the media events I got because I went over there
because I talked about call Cthulhu the other night when we did our last actual
podcast so I had I found out where Bethesda was and I was like you know I
like I've been looking at this call Cthulhu thing and it looks pretty
groovy it's like well okay come on in and so I sat there with the other press
people and the guy was playing through it and I was like oh cool but the best
thing about it you know visually it's you know it's about 80% done and
actually I got some more stats on it but it has it's gonna be I do believe he
said out in either August or September you have an insanity meter the basically
the main character was a policeman who went insane and then he got out of the
asylum and became a detective well you when you see shocking images like in one
scene there was a like a ghoul pinned to a cross in this church or when you're
being chased or other things your insanity level goes up and your screen
starts getting wavy start getting tunnel vision and then you hallucinate like
There's one scene where he's running down a tunnel all of a sudden. He's running through the halls of the asylum
He was trapped in or when you enter a new scene if your insanity level is high enough
Then you get flashes of where all the enemies in the area are
You and he says there's two ways of doing each level you can do it the right way the sneaky way with it
you know takes a little bit longer or
You can just rush through everything guns blazing actually said that the sneaky way actually tends to be a little bit shorter
but I'll have more information now I'm gonna do a write-up on it you can all
see it on orange lounge radio.com plug plug and hear me gush about it on a
pump up the volume later on so Kingdom hearts to call go through Louie got one
the next topic is I know we want to talk
next about oh wait you thought another one I still have to go back and say that
uh that shadow the hedgehog was pretty groovy looking oh no I know what it was
my other game gun star superheroes because it's just gun star heroes and
that's all all right well Jamie spoiled a little bit of our next segment the
most inch spoiler oh my omg spoiler spoiler my ass okay so what I want to
Talk about now is the most interesting moment of your e3 day, so I'll start with Loki since this got spoiled OMG. I
Was gonna talk about that. Oh well anyways um yeah, so I went to this one booth that they had there
It was right next to X tango. Which is the game we talked about last year. It was pretty cool
So it's tango music game sort of like bust to move
anyways and
Now there's this like cyber sex game called
uh oh man feel free and anyways so basically the game I don't really know
what the premise was cuz I only got to see it for like a very brief time and so
um basically you had is sort of remind me the sims but you had different things
that you're kind of like controlling the girl you were talking to or something
and so you kid like you know the guy would start dancing and you click D or
whatever to make her dance and then you could do different like
Provocative dance stuff and then and then he's like, oh, he's all like because it's like this Asian guy that spoke no English
He's all he's all there real brief English and he's like he's a pick here. See it takes her top off
Okay, so I clicked I clicked here took her top off on my oh, that's kind of cool
So he's just let me play around with it
So I click their shorts or her miniskirt and then I came up and then all hell broke loose
was like, no no no no no no no no no. That's illegal. No, no no. And so they had, like,
someone come over to translate, and she's like, no, you can't do that cuz it's illegal
or something like that. I'm like, okay. One other thing I thought was interesting about
that game, and I, I don't remember the name of it, does anybody recall, it's on my camera
somewhere, we'll post more information on the site. Feel 3 I think was the name of it.
Was it Cyber Entertainment was the name of the booth I think? It's, anyway, it's important.
it's it was important but this is everything so not only is it like a
cyber sex him it has webcam windows in the upper left and upper right so you
can go virtual and you can go like really virtual like really interactive
it's it's kind of scary because there's people that are really gonna benefit
from this game and that's makes me sad a bit I'm thinking one person controls a
guy the other one controls the girl that's what it seems like you do
understand when this game comes out they're both gonna be controlled by God
whether you know it or not you can tell there's the camera that's why they have
it it's the dude camera nothing a wig and a little makeup can't hide nothing
they're holding a photo up in front of your webcam yeah I'll just loop this
Jenna Jameson footage I taped off the TV a little while ago all I know is it's
just weird and they had this weird like audio box thing there I don't know if
that was part of it or what but God knows what it was because it's supposed
to be totally interactive and I don't know what they how far they're talking
totally interactive who knows anyways yeah that was that was the weird thing
that happened today one of the weird things the cyber sex game had a weird
box moving on dark soccer the most interesting thing you saw today or
interesting experience I got to play with the Katamari today and I got to put
our media sampler on the Katamari and then you've got to put the reject false
icon sticker on there for me made me feel like a happy fan it was the
Katamari and then I got to climb all over stuff and actually get into media
stuff without actually being media passes that was pretty cool and you know
Um when I put your sticker on the Katamari I they actually gave me a Katamari to mashi to mousepad
Well, they gave me another one because I went back to play the game with Mila Tava
I went back to play it again later. They gave me a second one
So I'm thinking about maybe doing a little giveaway in the near future for one of our lucky fans. We'll see
Actually, no that I remember there's actually something else that I was gonna say was my most interesting moment. That was my massage
because my I went out well I got the free one the Tylenol ouch booth thing
and that was all cool and the guy worked on my hip you know cuz I was in that car
accident and I was really in pain but I went back after this is about an hour
after my bike getting kicked in haha but I went back and paid for a like a 25
minute full massage and my masseur was a was an actual stand-up comedian so when
When he was giving me my foot rub, he was making me laugh.
Welcome to L.A., everybody.
But I like what he said, that making somebody laugh is a serious business, you know.
And we got to talking about how... yeah.
But we got to a discussion on how, you know, if you live your life all stressed out, and
don't laugh you don't do anything for yourself you're gonna die okay you're
just going to get cancer of the lower intestine and die not able to shit on
your own what a pleasant image to paint for all these people who are tuning in
to hear the latest game news thank you it was an example of but you know we
were talking about you know those of us who take time to enjoy our lives you
know take time to laugh take time to play games you know stress relief you
know have some leisurely time those are the people who are generally gonna have
a happier outlook and who are gonna live longer lives at least unless the car hits
them oh boy all right so lesson learned today you know that kind of goes along
with your advice column you know that we do usually on our typical podcast we do
weekly you know because if we you know sat in the house and played video games
games all day, we'd have no time to go out and go to Hooters while we're in LA.
So remember, point and laugh. It'll add five years to your life.
Alright, my most interesting moment today. I actually went and stood in line to get
autographs from the folks that do Attack of the Show over on G4. Now typically I'm
not one of those, you know, starstruck people because, you know, everybody's just
people. It's just another job. Just like, you know, I have a day job. That's their
day job. They're just, they just got a day job that in some ways is a little more
fun but can also be a lot of work I've been on that side of it studying
colleges I know it's a lot of work but my dad really really likes it because
he's been following the screen savers ever since it was Leo Lepore and then it
transitioned and transitioned he's moved along with it now it's this attack of
the show so I was like okay my dad's really excited for me to be here a
moment so I'm gonna go get him an autograph so I went and I got him an
autograph and I told Sarah Lane while I had a mo because they were nice and they
you know chatted up with us a little bit while we were each kind of waiting for
autograph and Sarah Lane asked me and say you know how are you and I so fine
you know I'm I'm getting this for my dad if you can make it out to him and he has
a little bit of a crush on you which you know is kind of nice and and she goes oh
uh-huh well thank you Alan wink wink cuz that's Alan's my dad's name and I'm like
I would have been all like dude I swear it's not me I'm gay but I don't want to
make an awkward moment you know I might been an awkward moment hi guys if you're
listening cuz cuz Matt ended up slipping something hello your name tag doesn't
say Alan I mean hi Alan yeah Alan's my stage name I think she was just trying
to be cute so I totally respect her for that but yeah it was kind of it was kind
of one of those things was like you know I could tell the truth here but I don't
want to make an awkward moment I'll just take it as a you know oh she's being
She's nice. They were very nice to kind of chat it up with all this because I've you know also seen those
You know autograph signings where they're like sign next sign next so that was cool of them
And actually I thought g4s booth all things considered because they've taken a lot of heat ever since the tech TV
I thought they actually had kind of an interesting booth where you could kind of play the actual Nintendo and everything and then Matt
Ended up seizing this opportunity. What did you do Matt while we were in line for that?
Well, I was, you were talking to her about, you know, what Warner's Lounge Radio was,
so I figured I'd just help Claire.
I did ask!
I mean, so, um, while I was having, um, Kevin, uh, Pura, and, uh, Sarah Lane to have, signing,
um, the picture that they gave me here, um, I gave them one of our media samplers for
a podcast, so, you know, hello, Kevin and Sarah, or, Kevin and Sarah's interns, whoever
it may be that, that might possibly listen to the show, hello.
Kevin and Sarah's trash can for all we know I mean who knows yes the bum rum
machine outside the trash picking up you know CD thinking it's something valuable
now anyways no no they're really cool and the booth is pretty cool you know
I've in the past you know given g4 a little bit of you know criticism but hey
really I figured out who the real real villain of this you know everything is
it's all Comcast because because for you know it's all their fault that my cable
never works let's face it kids we haven't said anything everyone else on
the internet hasn't already said sorry that's just you know anyway oh and we
have film for some TV thing too but I don't I don't know I don't remember what
it was we were filmed as bumpers for what was it g4tv.com so if you find a
rerun or happen to see g4tv.com their e3 coverage you will see us as a
commercial intro you know or whatever so you'll see no us like yelling screaming
because that's what we were told to do and also we got to play with the eight
foot Nintendo controller that they built which is cool and I am dedicated now to
build one that's larger just because I have to another one of those projects
you'll never finish all right all right so tomorrow is the last day of e3 what
What are your guys' plans? Something you definitely have to check out tomorrow at E3 with the last day.
Sitting in the Sony line for three hours.
What is up with the lines at E3? I know we kind of talked about this a little bit yesterday.
But I haven't bitched about it enough. Every booth has some type of line.
It's like, Midway had a line if you want to see Unreal.
Sega has a line if you want to see whatever. I don't know because I didn't sit in a line.
Quake 4 has a line. Nintendo has a three hour line.
realize you know a lot of folks are like boy e3 is so glamorous you get to play
all the latest and greatest games and don't get me wrong it's pretty cool we're
very lucky to be able to go to e3 and we're having a good time overall but to
play the really good stuff you guys it's like going to Disneyland if you want to
ride the nice ride you got to sit in line for three hours and you know for
that five-minute thrill it's kind of you know too bad well I'm still gonna be
getting up at 7 and trying to be over there by well they start at 9 try to be
over there by like a quarter till uh thing you're most looking forward to
doing tomorrow Loki going home to be honest I mean honestly I'm done the show
right now that I thought the whole line it Nintendo's booth was to see the
revolution then when I found out just to play the stupid Zelda game I was like oh
Ah, the hell with that! I'm not staying there.
I'll go see Sony, because at least they're gonna show the PS3.
Nintendo, oh wow, you show us your ugly system, but nothing that does.
You hype it up and you don't come through and say, you say,
here's our little, little Game Boy Advance, come play it!
I'm like, ugh, awful!
You know, honestly, let's make it a little bit smaller and charge some more for it.
That'd be, that'd be better.
I have to kind of retract something I said yesterday.
I actually got the DS download thing in Nintendo to work better for me today
And I still have medios on my DS because I put it in sleep mode. So that's kind of cool
So I feel a little better about the DS download thing now
And I'm gonna have to go back then and get a electroplankton
electroplankton
Honestly, no one make you three a lot better. It didn't make it harder to get into because
Everybody's just coming in no matter what. I mean you're some people that are like
sort of in the industry, you know, those are the people that are coming in. And granted,
we are sort of in the industry but there's some people that really are like,
I work for Kmart, Kmart sells video games, therefore I get in. When in fact they
work in the lawn and garden department. But I mean, and if you think I'm making
this shit up, I'm not. Like there's actually people there who are doing that.
They work in the lawn and garden department at Kmart but because Kmart
sells video games they get in and it's kind of like okay dude you need to draw
the line somewhere maybe rethink you know because again as you said you know
we're kind of on the bubble and other podcasters at least we haven't run into
anybody there you know they probably think they can't even get in that's the
thing see that's why you have no companies like rock star and so I have
all the stuff behind closed doors because they don't want the average
person seeing stuff they want people that are covering the press and stuff to
see it so it's just like they're creating like another level that you
have to get to in order to actually see the entire show, which is dumb. I don't even understand
some of these smaller companies. For example, who's the company that does... Not Crave,
but just some of the stuff in Kentia Hall. You can't even see the company's stuff because
it's just behind these closed doors and stuff. It's like, oh, wow. I'd figure... Yeah, Gravity,
for example. I'd figure a small company like that would be like, hey, check out our stuff.
and check out our stuff. You know, whereas you got cocky people like Rockstar M that,
you know, they're just like, ah, our stuff is too good for you. You'll see it and you'll
buy it when it comes out. The end, you know, and to be honest, that is the truth. People
will buy it because their stuff sells good and you know, you can't really compete with
that. And whereas you think they would want people,
the everyday other person to see it, like the folks at Kmart that worked there or whatever,
see it and create the buzz they kind of don't have to do that sadly enough
because the media creates the buzz for them.
Well you know on a more grassroots level you know as far as what we've seen the
buzz for us is all about things that were very easily accessible with very
little lines.
We heart Katamari for example is one of my favorite things I've seen at the show
so far and a lot of that is because it was easy to play and I could like sit
there for a while with it and really look into it and I had a great time with
it.
It's just like stuff like unreal 2007 or whatever it is
I really don't care about that because you know what?
I'm not gonna wait in line for an hour to see video that's gonna be on the internet the next day
Like granted there are some people that would I mean some people wouldn't wait in line to see Zelda
But you know, it's just whatever you're into I guess some but at least you get a free shirt with Zelda
So I'm actually thinking tomorrow for me
I may actually sit in that Zelda line because I also know some of our listeners want to know about it
So if I sit in that three-hour line for you guys, you better be thankful
Dan played it
Controls exactly the same
Like ocarina like when waker they're both the same
but
The the thing about it though is that he did say that it was pretty cool, but he got to meet me a little
Yeah, so he said that he would have been pissed
Had he gone and not got to meet me a little
So I was like, ooh, Miyamoto, I get to touch Dan, and he got to meet Miyamoto.
Another thing we saw today that was pretty cool was the Atari Flashback 2.0.
It's awesome in its wood graininess.
I can't wait to try that.
It's not big like the old Atari.
It's rather little.
It's about the size of an 8x10 piece of paper, maybe even smaller, but it's wood grain and
it's cute.
It's so cute and precious.
also showed me a brand new Nintendo system that someone made. It's like a third-party
company created a new system that plays Nintendo games. And their brand new system, I guess,
is because I didn't know there was this huge demand for Nintendo systems, but I don't know.
So they made them and they're top-loading, just like the revised version.
Well, you know what has made a striking absence, given all the hype around it, is Namco versus
Capcom X Capcom with however they're doing would that be cross Capcom then
anyway but at any rate or Namco by Capcom ha ha anyway we went to Capcom
to go ask him back happens like go talk to me I'm cool so we trot over Namco
well no at first I asked this one guys like you should ask the info desk here
have a ad for final fight I'm like ooh another final fight sticker and then we
went over because I like final fight and then we trotted over there and started
talking to this guy at the Namco booth his name was Matt he was really cool
he's like yeah well we don't have any information on it and that's like yeah
Capcom just said go talk to me I'm cold so we did and he was really cool though
but he's been following it online like the rest of us have and we're all
excited but they don't have anything official right now you know what you're
totally starting like a seventh-grade war because like you're going to one
person saying this person's you know saying you got it and then you went to
the other ones that hey Capcom Namco seeing you I know I'm teasing you that
is not what I said at all cuz I don't do petty shit like that that's not cool I
didn't basically I whenever is like no we don't know go talk to them I have to
say though in comparison Namco's people have been a lot friendlier than Capcom's
people there's just I've gone to some booths and just gotten complete and
total apathy you're there to sell a damn product freaking act like it okay you
are there to market yourselves you're there to make people want to do business
with you is a fucking trade show you know Namco I have you know and you know
I have lots of love for Namco they have gone out of their way to make the people
visiting their area feel welcome they've had people running around with a little
pac-man hats on handing out squishy things which they actually ran out of
when I went to go play the Namco mobile games but they'll talk to you they'll
build and they know what they're talking about the people are there because they
truly enjoy doing what they're doing they're not there to be you know a piece
of ass and a you know scrap of leather like the booth babes sorry it's true
their tna in a you know like a quarter centimeter of leather you know but
they've really gone out of their way in Nintendo Nintendo's people have been
great you know they I got to talk to one of their representatives there and he
was just as friendly as he could be and say yeah you should check this out and
they're doing this and the guys handing out stuff when I played a Nintendo was
funny and he gave me a bunch of style stylist stylist stylists is you know me
in my grammar but it was those I have to say we're just the nicest people I've
done the Korean guys at X tango they were like play with us it's fun you know
after just in comparison it's amazing the differences between you know the
attitude of people and when you go to the places that make you feel like your
your business is welcome then that's where I'll get my business I've thrown a
good word for Konami too because they've always been really good to us and of
course but but it's kind of different with them because we actually kind of
know a lot of the people at this point that work at the booth so you know just
because obviously we started as a music and rhythm game station so you know
we've kind of grown ties there well I actually didn't mention Konami just for
that reason you know the fact that you know that's that's almost like saying
that your cousin's a good worker when you hired you know but I don't know
everyone there I mean I'd sound like a real pompous ass saying that but I don't
know everyone there and even the folks I don't know are pretty nice and ask if I
questions and stuff. Yeah, it's kind of hard when, you know, the people up on
the stage by BeatMania are friends of yours. You know, of course you expect to be
friendly from your friends, but I'm just saying, you know, for the other people, the
ones we don't know as well, you know, just seeing that difference in attitude,
Capcom was just apathy. Playing out, we don't want to be here, we're bored, end the
con, and I can't, you know, I can't handle that. I actually had a kind of a weird
experience at Capcom last year and it's kind of made me not just I kind of walk
by their booth and I was like man is there anything I want to see no not
really Oh a beautiful joke coffee and not worth waiting for no the guy there
that he was cool we chatted with him a little bit he stood back so I could take
a picture of the machine that was really awesome told me when to come back he was
cool and the guy by Final Fight he was you know said what he knew but like the
press people the people at the desk that's where I had my back experience I
had this woman laughing my face last year one of the people behind the desk
totally inappropriate yeah but I got a press kit out of them that last year in
this year she can suck it in it will it's just it's just the level of how
people are dealt with you know again this is a trade show you are there to
market yourself and you were there ultimately to get business that's not
the way you go about getting business I'm sorry
You know, we we cover the video game news and the that's part of the news, I think
Yep, so I mean and this is not something you're gonna read about on those big sites
They're not gonna tell you the attitudes the way it really is when you go to e3 people's attitudes a different booth
That's the kind of stuff. You're only gonna hear here on Orange Launch Radio. So on that note
I think we're gonna wrap it up. I think we've all we've all gotten what in what we're gonna look at tomorrow, right?
Are we going to wrap it up in a scrap of leather like a booth babe?
We just might.
You know, I tried to find H-Tech's booth so I could find the anti-booth babes today.
I could only find their little room and the woman working in the room was an attractive
gal.
She wasn't a booth babe gal, you know, your stereotypical blonde hair, blue eye, big titty
booth babe.
But she was an attractive female, you know.
So I have to figure out where this anti-booth babe granny panty campaign is going on.
Would you really want to be one of those women? Oh, yeah, you're the ugly person that gets the promoter game
Thanks
yeah, well we kind of talked about that last Sunday, but I
Did I was sad I didn't get a chance to get his picture
They had people doing KOF like cosplay
you know there's part of their thing and I walked right past someone who was K and he was hot and I was like
And he went outside to have a spoke
So there you have it, your first booth stud report. So there you go. Alright, final thoughts everybody. Loki.
Well, let's see. My final thought is I got to see a donkey and I took my picture with Mario even though I didn't want to.
And tomorrow I'm just looking forward to kind of going home because I'm tired.
And my final thought is thank you one up calm for the mango smoothie that I didn't have to pay five dollars for
Mine is I
Really really really really we
Loved the katamati and reject false icons
All right, if you guys have any questions, you still have a chance to email us deadline Friday 4 p.m
We didn't get to him today, but we'll definitely get to some tomorrow Friday 4 p.m
E3 at orange lounge radio comm that's four o'clock p.m. West Coast time
We will check the mailbag one more time before we do tomorrow's podcast
So if you have a question the game you want to know more about or you have a comment that you'd like us to respond
To e3 at orange lounge radio comm and of course, we'll have another podcast being brought to you guys
Either Saturday or Sunday Friday's edition will go up just depending on how fast we can upload it
And then of course our normal podcast on its usual Monday upload time. So look for that Matt. Yeah, one other thing you wanna say
No, I was just gonna you know, say hello to everyone that may have gotten a media sampler today
You know the numerous people and the members of attack of the show and your interns and all you all you wonderful people out there
there and even though you know the bracelet that you guys gave us was a
rubber band I'll still cherish it so even if we talked crap about your booth
today but let's face it it's what that that you know what I don't take it back
because that's the way people are talking about you so now you know a dose
of honesty for you guys all right goodbye everybody see you tomorrow for
last E3 special on Orange Lounge Radio.
