Orange Lounge radio to go edition live at e3 Wednesday edition
You're tuned in to the orange lounge radio to go edition your podcast home for all the latest video game news and gamer chat
Now here are your hosts dark Sakura sky and low
Okay, we don't have a fancy introduction tonight, we're just gonna kind of roll into things and get started
We did promise you guys we're gonna give you guys some live updates from e3
My name is Rob Roberts. You might know me as sky joining me as always are my awesome co-hosts starting off with Loki
Hi, I'm here and my feet hurt like crazy. I know the feeling walking around all day also with us Jamie Summers dark Sakura
Hey, hey, the gang's all here
All right
So we don't have a whole lot of time tonight because we're trying to run between doing different things
But let's get the lowdown Wednesday show
Let's start off with the big news a lot of our folks out there
Want to know about the music games because that's how we started was with the music game
So, of course, we have Dance Dance Revolution Xtreme 2.
Loki, would you think of Xtreme 2?
I thought it was pretty cool.
The characters have been cleaned up quite a bit, and also there's, you know, new songs
to be excited about.
A brand new song, which I cannot remember the title for the life of me, but had a nice,
really kick-ass CG background to it.
Nice animation.
It was a pretty cool song, too.
There was some pretty good songs shown off there for that, and they, I don't know, looked
pretty nice.
tell you Erotic in the Heat of the Night is there so that's gonna be pretty cool
for the US fans who have been wanting to see Erotic for some time. Also Genie in a Bottle, little
weird, not Christina Aguilera, it's a cover version but it's there nonetheless. Also
online play was being shown off in the demo so that is confirmed it is going to
be there so that's very exciting. That is cool. Anything else you want to point out about Xtreme 2? The logo looked cool. It did, it did.
Ultramix 3, another very impressive one. Very similar to Ultramix 2, I thought, but with more of like a water theme as opposed to kind of what it had before.
Yeah, it's very water, it's all like water themed, as opposed to like some generic like club rave thing in Ultramix 2.
New Midihead Remix.
Yeah, very cool. New Midihead Remix, Jelly Kiss, showing up in the game.
Jelly Kiss, and...
Butterfly, making its US debut in Ultramix 3.
Ultra Mix 3.
Butterfly and guess what folks, for all those people bitching about Ultra Mix 2, Sakura's
in there!
Sakura made it's way to Ultra Mix 3, as well as Daikonkai, another fan favorite.
Daikonkai made it in there, and Akuma Dracula Medley.
Yeah, Akuma Dracula Medley, very excited about that one, I've been crazy for that one for
years, so I'm excited about that.
And then of course, big news, Beatmania, it's not 2DX, they're not calling it 2DX here,
but if you guys are fans of 2DX in Japan, they're bringing it over to the USA, Beatmania,
here's the coolest thing about it.
If you go into 5 key mode, typically in Beatmania, dropping, going into 5 key mode will drop
the last 2 keys in 7 key mode and you just play the same thing.
Not so here.
You actually get all new 5 key songs.
It's awesome.
So like Metal, what was the Metal Gear Solid theme was in there, the Solid Snake, Paranoia.
Very excited about that.
I didn't get to play it because I suck at Beatmania.
That's alright.
They had headphones there so you could at least hear the stuff because it's like in
their Club Revolution section there.
fucking loud because they have this giant speaker right there so it sucked
dancing also coming to karaoke revolution karaoke revolution party
xbox gamecube and PlayStation gonna be on all three all three it's dancing and
singing if you want you don't have to play but kind of crazy all that stuff
going on the screen one that was really cool is you gotta go back to Ultramix 3
here quest mode that was really strange it's actually got like you know cities
You know that are you know actual cities throughout the United States you go and come you go through the capitals of the USA
We start off in Sacramento right where we're based. I like that. I love that yes very cool
And they have super deformed heads and super deformed emmy head. That's cool. We'll have pictures on our website orange
I was ready to calm very soon um dark soccer. What do you think of the music selections available Konami?
I actually I didn't hang around too long, but I did I tried to play jelly kiss except my hip decided
But hey, you know your Viking hasn't kicked in yet. So I ended up having to stumble off of it, but I did play beat mania
Whatever it was that I played was supposed to be a six star and it was more like a one
So I don't think that they're completely up to
But I I did wander around and check some of the peripherals out is that tried the one at DDR game calm and
and their metal pad's pretty decent, but there's a delay on it.
It's cushy! I played Superstar. Actually, by then, mine was when it kicked in.
But there's a delay on it, I can tell, because you know, Superstar's one of my old PA ones.
And, eh, the video wasn't bad.
Speaking of peripherals, we got a chance to check out Red Octane's booth, and they were
showing off their afterburner pad, but kind of funny enough, they did not
have any games on display. They were showing in the groove. They're still
showing off in the groove, and for those wondering about the lawsuit, is it gonna
affect the release we were told no in the groove will come out home release
mid-june mid-june it's being pushed back to mid-june but it is coming out
that's what games are games are always pushed around I did talk to the rep
there and he said this is as close to quote as I can come
he said they're going to continue to market it until there's something
actually published in terms of a lawsuit for those curious about the lawsuit it
does not involve red octane if you if you've read the list on the DDR free
made available the actual printouts of the suit. Red Octane was never mentioned
in it so they're going ahead with this release so it's it's good for us in the
end. And we decided to ask them about their other games that have been posted.
Guitar Hero. Guitar Hero and it sounds pretty cool so far they had to be very
vague on it. It is gonna be five key guitar controls which is very exciting.
from what I heard someone played it and there's a whammy bar and sort of from
the way the notes sound like it's kind of like anyone remembers well of course
everyone remembers like amplitude or something like that where the notes kind
of come towards you same same idea so honestly if you're a music game fan this
was the year for you DER with Mario was shown not a Konami though they showed it
over at Nintendo. Kind of bare bones what I saw. I didn't get to see a whole lot of
it. I'm going to tell you what, I played a song on Very Hard and I triple-a'd it my first
try. So the timing window's really big. But let's face it, DDR Mario is for kids. It's
not going to be for the hardcore folks. It's to make it more kid accessible. I had a good
time with it. There was a lot of Mario remixes. No licensed songs I saw in it, just a bunch
of remixed Nintendo tunes.
I also asked the Red Octane people if, you know, they have a guitar peripheral.
I'm like, have you guys ever released a drum peripheral and you kinda smelled where I was,
you know, going with that?
And he's like, well I can't be, I have to be very vague on that, but we'll, we're working
on something.
You get a nice we'll see from that.
Alright, now, not everybody that listens to our shows is into music games, so let's talk
about some of the other things we saw at the show today.
like pick three highlights we'll go around talk about three highlights dark
soccer wants to start us off I spent a lot of time at Nintendo so I played
Animal Crossing DS lots of fun it has the world itself is very spherical you
actually feel like you're walking on a small little planet I was very impressed
because Animal Crossing DS is not just a rehashed GameCube version they actually
went back and redid all the graphics and the interface and at the show you could
play against someone who is sitting in New York City and I promised I would
give a shout out but I forgot her name I'm very sorry I played against Charles
the voice of Mario Mario Kart and he called me a lovely lady awesome you know
when I met him last year I said it's a you all right what so Animal Crossing
what and it was pretty fun I went around twirling my umbrella which he said I was
very good at and then he was going around whacking everybody else with the
with the bug catching that says he's like any cat chasing the person with the
Pirate hat cuz he said it's fun to hit the pirate with the net and then I played
Pokemon DX. I'm sorry XD
Which actually I played it just for the plushie
XD like the smiley face. Yeah, like
But it was actually pretty cool. It's a it's a big old big old RPG and
You play against all the up-to-date Pokemon, you know, it's you know, the typical stadium style
Battle, but it was really cool. I actually enjoyed it
Um, I took a couple pictures. I took pictures about everything. I played except for the DS ones
And actually I played Nintendogs
He's a good puppy cuz you do the the frisbee and then they they sit on it and they're stupid and then you tap the screen
Oh, you want this?
Pat on the head and then you grab it and then no you can't know you through this you don't keep it anymore
I'm keeping it says the puppy. No, no, no, you're going to give me cuz I'm no says the puppy
I'm going to pull it out
That's a beautiful description of Nintendogs, thank you. I
Wonder if they'll have been 10 cats. I talked to the guy about it. He's like you don't really train a cat
I was like, yeah the cat trains you
human food now
So that's your three for now all Nintendo, that's all right
Yeah, but one of the fun things is though picked her chatting with random people in the lines. It was great
Dude, speaking of random things going on in the line
We were standing next to Gary Coleman this morning and like didn't even realize it and then Hideo Kojima walked by
It was so weird like and then I stood next to that chick from g4 TV comm the one that's blonde spiky here granted
I hate her crazy, but she's still hot
You know, it's just an on-air thing. I'm sure she's nice gal. All right, she seemed nice when I saw her
They're all nice, I'm sure. You know, fear me. I am, you all-knowing host. They're paid to be weird, that's why we're not on TV.
We're a little too not weird for TV. I'm paid to be- no, wait, I'm not paid to be weird. All right. Anyway, anyway
Loki, your three highlights for today. Okay. Well, it would be, you know,
it wouldn't be a show if I didn't start off with, like, I don't know. Let's just start off with Advent Children, which in
Square Enix's that's how they pronounce it but it's wrong it's Gweenix we all
know that anyways in their and their little rehashed movie thing that they
did last year they have you know new footage of Advent Children and teeth of
fighting in the Cathedral hot oh freaking hot I mean I know that stuff's
gonna be on GameSpot later and I'm sure they're gonna have you know video for it
Watch it. Oh, oh very hot. Anyway, so they have that that was cool
The second thing that I actually got to do which is kind of neat. I got the tryouts
We love katamari and that was a lot of fun
That's you. Oh, it's so much fun. And you just I picked up the flowers
It's everything that you know
The old katamari was and it's just better and with the same humor the same great graphics
and it's just a lot of fun still so it just mirrors the king's package even
bigger I don't know but it was pretty funny then they had what else did I play
that was really cool oh well I got to try a little bit of and I can't remember
what the title is I can only remember the subtitle it's like something
something something contents under pressure it's that tagging game where
you actually spray paint buildings and stuff I played that for a little bit but
it was weird because I was tagging stuff and all sudden like SWAT comes with guns
and they start shooting at me I'm like that's a little harsh for someone that's
just tagging a building but just that radio does that well it's very similar
and then so I had to fight them off of the paint roller and guess what guns are
stronger than paint rollers so it didn't worked out too well you can't kill SWAT
with paint rollers. So those are the three. Oh, one more thing I would like to
interject in there. Nintendo has done it again. They want you to buy
the Game Boy Advance again. Yes, the Game Boy Micro we got to see today. Actually, I
want to get start getting to some mail and then I'll get to my three. Oh yes,
Dark Sakura. I did take a very up-close picture of one, so that'll be available soon.
As did I. I'm gonna get to the mail. If you have a question for us, hurry up. You
You gotta write us right now, E3 at OrangeLoungeRadio.com,
and we'll be checking this box, such as these questions
that came in from Sunday show, and we'll answer these.
If you have something you want us to check into on the show,
remember we can't get to everything,
and if you send us a big list,
we'll probably only be able to get to one or two,
but we wanna try and help you guys out.
Michael N. actually wanted more information
on the Game Boy Micro.
What is it?
Well, the Game Boy Micro is like a Game Boy Advance,
but it's the size of your palm.
It's very small.
This is the coolest thing about it.
You know how we usually bag on Nintendo,
because they make you buy the same thing
different times to get it in different colors. Well, the face is detachable, kind of like
a car stereo, so you can actually change the face and they have like a red face and a blue
face and like a baseball looking face and all these strange things. Any other impressions
on the Game Boy Micro, you guys? It's little! I mean, and it's supposed to also have double
the battery power, too. Yeah. So, you can just keep it on indefinitely, maybe? The screen's
like half the size. Honestly, the Game Boy Advance games, I don't think, are that good
anymore it's just there's nothing really
gameboy advance it what I really want I
noticed so it's slightly larger than say
a gameboy advance cartridge I mean
maybe a bit larger than that but it's
just it looks like a cell phone screen I
mean and really it doesn't look like
playing it on so honestly it's like if I
had a gameboy advance SP or original
game where it's I wouldn't really buy
this it's cute though it's kids cute but
it's like really I mean gameboy advance
SP it pretty much fits in your pocket. Do you really need I mean hell a DS fits in my pocket, so
Okay, um let's move on. I want to get some questions from Desmond are had a question about Nintendo DS online
Um the only thing I caught on to it is that it will allow you through game spy
I think it was to play with folks around the nation Animal Crossing a Mario Kart with the two titles
They were showing for this how it works. I didn't quite catch on the day yet
I'm hopeful have more information also voiceover IP chat there was that too
which actually if anyone's ever seen the commercial the Cisco commercials where
they have the US marketing team and the Japanese marketing team and they're
playing they put this phone back on there I just use that phone at work it
uses your internet line as your phone line almost kind of like our Skype does
similarly except it's carried over an internet signal um Jin sent us a really
big list and I think actually it's Jin four or five seven I apologize if I
screwed up your number four five seven six I think but who cares it's Jin it's
Awesome, uh Soulcalibur 3 create a character, you know, the demo was a little skimpy
We only saw Mitsuru Yugi versus one of the new characters one with a giant chakra. I can't remember her name T
I'm really sorry guys. I don't cheat. I don't use papers. I've got I think it was Tina or
Terra something they were the only two playable ones in the demo didn't see a lot of created characters
Sorry to say hopefully we'll know more information on that soon one more information also on Final Fantasy 12
CG looks amazing. I think they went back and retooled it because it looks like
Advent Children. And I think that what they're gonna be doing is releasing it for the PS3.
That's our thought. That's our thought is that because they weren't showing
playable versions of it we but we don't want to start rumors but we think it
almost looks too good to be on PS2. Either that or it's dev kit. Possibly I
mean we don't know. And then let's do one more mail here from Same wanted to know
more information on Pokemon which I think you kind of touched on already
Katamari also we heart Katamari which you touched on a little bit I just
wanted to say that the demo version they have was specifically for e3 and it was
great because you know just had that style in it and not has the king of
cosmos sitting cross-legged looking like a diva the mode I played you roll up as
many flowers as you can so it sounds like they have some different style
types of quests I also saw the classroom one which is pretty yeah there was a
classroom and a field one as well okay we do have to wrap things up pretty soon
soon here but we saw the giant katamari that they had there and it was funny
because one of the things that someone had stuck on there is I don't know if
anyone's heard about this for the Nintendo DS they had you know touching
is good thing and you can actually send in to get your own you know mannequin
hand and someone had put the mannequin hand on the large katamari and that was
hilarious alright so if you guys have any any other e3 questions e3 at orange
lounge radio calm now before we go just one other thing real quick Oh Dark
has a thought X tango has more stuff in it and looks awesome and they are in
talks with developers this year I miss that I hope to check that one out
tomorrow briefly as I walk past like Oh X tangos here I did I didn't get us
spend a lot of time on West Hall or Kenshi today I'm hoping spend more time
there I can't no I yeah I I know and I missed it it's completely somehow let's
see so I just want to go through thing you were most looking forward to that
maybe disappointed you a little bit because I have something on the top of
My mind and that would be the Nintendo DS download station
I was really looking forward to it
But it was it was hammered with people and the rooms were full and it was hard to get anything on there
But I was it I just went and sat down and used the DS as they had there
And I did get to play medios, which was very cool. I'm sad
I didn't get to hear the music though because I hear the music is very cool, but the game itself
Simple yet addicting. I I'm looking forward to playing this one in more detail
You guys have any thoughts thing you were looking forward to that maybe disappointed you a little bit
I went in with no expectations and they were met probably smarter than me
not stars booth that was a huge disappointment because they had a bunch
of buses with logos on them and nothing playable
yep the I think you have to be media to get in there so we don't count podcasts
aren't real media I guess yet so we weren't able to get in there so we don't
know you know rockstar stop right sorry you know honestly rockstar and they have
a new game warriors which is I think based on that 1970 some movie with you
know Michael Beck or whatever anyways you know basically the same damn thing
all over again just another genre whatever it's it's like come on Rockstar
do something different so Rockstar gets our thumbs down of the day for not
showing and they do this all the time too they never show anything and also I'm
very disappointed on swag not a lot swag this year I beg to differ because I have
Pokemon and I have t-shirts and I have press kits and I have puppies and also
big disappointment to Sony and Nintendo for constantly tripping the breakers
there and causing power outages in their little hall there. And also kind of a
thumbs down to people wanting you to wait in line for their show. Everybody's
got a line and it's a half hour long. Too bad. Freaking thumbs up though cuz there's
a new Final Fight game, another one to add to the collection. Cuz some people
who've known me for some time, I collect versions of Final Fight. I have Final Fight
guy mighty final fight now have me a new one all right we're gonna wrap it up
here final thoughts you guys Matt tomorrow I'm gonna wait in line for
Nintendo and I'm waiting in line to see the ps3 and Xbox can suck it because in
order to play their game you have to be media but you can look down upon it on a
wonderful platform well the hell with them you know what I'm not buying your
stupid Xbox 360 so you can shove it okay cuz I am buying that crap I don't care
How good it was an opinion is expressed of low-key do not necessarily
Oh also the new console systems are ugly except for the Xbox 360 there's irony for you
Do the Xbox 360 show that they did was freaking pretty quake for ha ha ha ha federal life for ha ha
You know if I were a man
I would have walked around the whole rest of the con with a big boner the whole time, but I'm not um
But my final thought is I'm kind of pissed off that they wouldn't let me put a reject false icon sticker on the Katamari oh
That stinks. My final thought is
Sony and I are spending some quality time together tomorrow.
Alright, from us here at E3 in LA live to you guys, thanks for tuning in and
subscribing to our podcast. We'll be back tomorrow Thursday night with more.
Be sure to check out that photo gallery when we get back. When we get back. We'll be back.
On, what, Sunday we'll have it up? I don't know. We'll see. Alright.
Till next time, guys.
That's the end of another Orange Lounge Radio To Go edition.
This podcast is a proud part of www.orangeloungeradio.com See you next update!
