Orange Lounge Radio To Go Edition E3 2005 Special Friday Edition.
You're tuned in to the Orange Lounge Radio To Go Edition, your podcast home for all the
latest video game news and gamer chat.
Now, here are your hosts, DarkSakura, Sky, and Logan.
Alright, here we are back with our final day here at E3, and I don't know if my co-hosts
My co-hosts are feeling it like I am, but I think I'm ready for this show to be about over by now.
My name is Rob Roberts, you might know me as Sky.
My co-hosts, Loki, the one and only.
Hi.
And also, Dark Sakura, Jamie Summers.
I need a new body.
So what do you think? Are you ready for this show to be over, or what, Loki?
I'm more than ready, and it's over.
Yay.
Dark Sakura.
No, I could go five more days in E3, like they do at Anime Expo, they add another day
every year, and then you do nothing but see video games, and, uh, oh yeah, sure.
Now for those people at home that are probably yelling at us, going, dude, I would kill to
be at E3 for anything, and you guys are bitching about having to be there for three whole days,
what would you say?
Why is it that you kinda get burned out on E3?
Okay, how about this?
Why are you feeling it?
I'll tell you what.
Let's say you're on the East Coast, start walking to E3.
Once you get there, now you know what it's like to be there for three days.
Your feet hurt like a bitch, and you're bored out of your mind, and you're thinking, why?
Why is it three days long?
No, I don't know.
Actually, it's just you walk around pretty much everything, and you've already seen everything.
Unless you're in meetings all the time, like we aren't, you really see pretty much everything
in about two days.
I don't know.
I found more stuff today.
Actually, I made today my standing in line day
so I got in to see the
Something I'm going to talk about momentarily on the show and I went into the SEGA theater again
I'm gonna talk about that later, but I got to get in and see things and I got into
running into people who can
things I
Think somebody summed it up best. I remember who said this
I want to say it was Mel B that told me this something about the first day
You're just overwhelmed and you want to take everything in the second day
You know where you want to go?
You know what boost you want to do the third day?
You've seen it all and you're just kind of winding down
So I think that about sums it up for me
But I know a lot of us got to do some cool things on this third day
So I would you typically do the three things but well, I won't put a cap on it today
Let's just say share things with our audience that you think was cool today. We'll start off with dark soccer essence
I know she's got at least two things right there. I
I went into the Sega theater today, got to see the new Sonic game that they're doing.
I believe it's for the Xbox 360.
It's pretty damn good looking, and it was a real-time demo.
So he was playing it, one of the developers there was playing it as they were doing it.
There's that serial killer game, Conspiracy, I think that's what it's called, Condemned.
I know it was a con something.
see my brains fries the end of the con the kid down that was pretty spooky but
it seems sorta hi I'm a big ugly thing I'm gonna hit you on the head with this
hammer BAM L you know that type of game and then there was there's a full auto
game now the full auto is pretty cool is sort of like I'm going to run into this
building wait no I don't want to do that rewind called the unrack and then drive
forward keep going that was pretty cool and also met somebody his name was Eric
if he's listening I introduced him to the show so hi in fact to all of the
people who I have met at the convention if you're listening to us hi I also met
one of Jason's friends randomly sitting on the floor at squenix but I'll go
into that later anyway yeah I couldn't get into the
They were out of tickets by the time I got up there, which was shitty.
So I trotted on over, and I tried to peek at the Activision stuff, I was like, eh, so
I kept going.
Made it over to where the PS3 line was.
And for being wrapped around the building, the wait was not as long as I thought it was
going to be there, saying, this is a three hour wait, but I got up there in 25 minutes
and I was at the tail end.
They did some type of HDTV demo thing, and then they actually let you take you into another
theater where you can sit for a little bit, and they showed what the system can do.
It's rad.
They built a city there on screen.
They also showed some of the games that are currently in development.
They didn't list names of the games, but some of us could tell one of them was a new Tekken.
They showed Jin up there with sweat coming out of his body, and this apparently is done
in-game engine one that looked like one of the romance of the three kingdoms
games some type of off-road game this was a very destructive off-road game
like it shows this one scene with a motorbike guy getting back up on his
bike with a car about to land on him after an explosion it was pretty pretty
intense I got out I see the P of the ps3 took pictures of the ps3 which will be
on OrangeChallengeRadio.com. The other cool thing is that I played more
Nintendogs. I played Romancing Saga and actually I got into H-Tech. That was
pretty cool. Got to play a new game for anyone who is an anime fan or big
importer of RPGs. Coming out on the PSP, I do believe he said Winter, is Popokoros,
which has been a pretty big series it's a 2d RPG it is the first true RPG for
the system to be released in the States so be on the lookout for that and also
got to see formula front armored core that was pretty cool working on right
now is a wild arms ultra F which has actually been delayed by about five
months but it gives them time to tweak the translation also RPG maker 3 now
that I have to say I was very impressed with the last RPG maker you know I was
kind of into that I was into the first one because I was one of those people
that was petitioning for it to get off the Super Famicom and get over the US
this one was pretty pretty awesome I mean it's not like you're playing you
know this little ghetto game that you just piece together with duct tape this
This is fully rendered because you can paint your textures onto mountains.
You choose what style your sprites are going to look like.
You can choose, you know how in RPGs it has a picture of your character over the text
box.
You can do conversation characters and have them in an anime style or you can have them
in a conventional, you know, American style.
It's pretty cool.
Is it?
Now, there was a game maker that was supposed to be coming out on the PSP.
Is this the game maker that's on the PSP?
This is on PS2.
Now, PS2.
There's one coming out for the PSP, and there's so many things they could do for this,
but I know they're not gonna, because they just don't think ahead.
But, like, for example, the PSP, you could have it where you could upload your own pictures or something like that
from the internet, or your own music, or something. You make your own game and then distribute that game over the internet.
That would be cool.
Of course, you know, they're not going to think of that.
think of that they don't they might have thought of it but it might take money
out of their pocket all right Loki what kind of stuff did you look at today I
looked at a few things I went back for a second peek at what was that that one
erotic whatever feel three feels every next game the dominant I had to show
that to Jason today apparently there's peripherals for this game sex
peripherals for this game I'll leave it at that use your imagination boys
basically folks this is the definition of cyber sex the res vibration machine
to shame oh this is a device that vibrates that's not gonna be confused
with a trans vibrator, this is a vibrator.
Let's just let the audience use their imagination
on that one, shall we?
It's very phallic.
Anyways, so yeah, that's interesting.
I'll have to check out the website later.
And then, I like how it's like, it's kind of weird.
Yeah, I'll check it later.
I have to check it out.
You have to research it on behalf of our listeners,
of course, not that you have any interest in this.
You're just doing it as a favor to the listeners, right?
I honestly don't want to buy this.
This is one of those games that's going to be weird because, you know, I can't go about
normal methods of distribution for this game.
So, whatever.
But anyways, I got to finally, finally play In the Groove today on Rockstar's new...
Yes, which is interesting because they weren't showing the game on Wednesday when we went
by the booth the first time, but today they actually showed the game.
In The Groove, and I got to test out Red Octane's new pads, they're the metal ones, and I have
to say they both disappoint me very much.
And guess what, I still have the same opinion about In The Groove, it's still a knockoff
of DDR and it's gonna be treated as such in my mind.
Those new pads, they look pretty solid, but they've got a few fatal flaws in them, one
One of them being that the arrows are recessed too far, and it feels really awkward playing
on them, and I didn't like them one bit.
I don't know, it might be a personal opinion thing, because when I played them a couple
weeks ago, they were great to me.
I really enjoyed them.
I don't know.
All they gotta do to fix it, raise up those arrows just, you know, just a teeny little
bit, you know, just a few millimeters just to make it, you know, just set in a little
bit, not too much, don't go crazy.
And then, instead of making them all rubbery, make them metal.
But then you played two other DDR mats as well, right?
Yeah, and then that one starts to look pretty good when you look at the other two, right?
Okay, the second one was DDRgame.com, their metal pad with their bar.
Which had a bar, yeah.
Which had a bar, yeah.
Yeah, the pad sucked.
Okay, those pads, they were all shiny and it basically had soft pad syndrome where you
can't tell where the hell the arrows are.
what's worse about the DDR game.com ones if you miss the pad you're gonna like
hurt your your leg because it's raised up which happened to somebody we know
actually yeah happened to someone and so I I cannot recommend those but it's the
only one you're gonna see that has like the solo arrows actually on it although
most now you know they did do something kind of neat and I'll give them credit
for this cuz I mean soft pads they're pretty much all the same out there but
They actually had a doubles soft pad, which I thought was pretty cool.
The only thing I could see that would suck about that is if one side breaks down.
Oh crap.
You're st...
Anyways.
So yeah, I tried that one, that was pretty cool.
And really, I don't know, DDR pads, they're just all about the same.
Then what else did I get to try out today?
I watched Kingdom Hearts 2, that looked pretty cool.
And then, really, it's just a lot of hanging around Konami's booth, checking that stuff
out, and talking to some of the people, trying to get, not necessarily press kits, but on
their email list for my work, and that kind of thing.
And I have to say that the people at EA can suck it, because they have this, we're better
than everyone else attitude, and they've done that to our company as a whole.
When our company, yeah, we're distributing games, they're like, yeah, we don't care.
just like big deal you know you know the hell with them and it seems like you
know honestly from hearing other people's they have anything at their
booth that interested any of us they had their new drive most wanted I was
looking at the stuff for the Sims Sims 2 for PSP is pretty cool that was
interesting and oh I didn't waiting lines had I known that the ps3 line was
gonna be so short I would have waited for that but whatever but the ps3 line
was next to the Zelda line and both of them went about the same distance back
and the Zelda line was three hour away because I guess they weren't taking in
as many people at a time or something so yeah it was kind of a misconception at
least I I certainly thought that PlayStation would it would be one I'd be
waiting long or just as long in as Zelda but the interesting thing is that the
Zelda line ran out of shirts today so some people that didn't went through the
whole thing didn't even get a shirt I did get the plane in ten dogs and that
game is so damn yeah I've got to get that game I very knew I was gonna buy
the game before you know I actually played it but it's just it's such a game
I don't even know this is gonna honestly people are gonna play this game and it's
gonna be just like Animal Crossing where you just can't get enough of it you're
just gonna be playing at all time you're gonna be worrying about your pets are
not getting walked or something when you're out like I think it is gonna be
like the next Tamagotchi now don't shun it just just because I say it that way
but I think it's gonna be something that appeals to a more broader age range
yeah just the whole trade everything now now Jamie bring just brought up
something to me I forgot to ask her how was the boomerang on the ps3 what was
your impressions of the boomerang I'm looking at my picture of it right now
I'm trying to imagine how this thing would feel in my hand now for those that
are a little bit lost the boomerang is what we are calling the controller on
the ps3 because it looks like well a boomerang it does it looks like a half
you know what it looks like it looks like an old-school Microsoft Sidewinder
yeah guess what folks I don't honestly stick with dual shock that's what I say
yeah I couldn't just it didn't seem like it would be all that comfortable but I
don't know and it's only conceptual it said concept controller so maybe they'll
make some changes and make it less boomerangy I don't know stuff I checked
out today I actually got to play a little bit of Kingdom Hearts 2 and very
interesting I have to admit I wasn't so into the first one I know a lot of
people consider to be this great game and I I respect the game but I couldn't
get into it because I got really really bothered by the camera like that whole
3d thing that can annoy me on some of those games and I didn't have the same
problems and Kingdom Hearts 2 it looks like they went back and fix some of that
and they added a couple new modes to like they have this overdrive mode like you might think of this from Final Fantasies kind of
Similar but more towards the Kingdom Hearts concept or if you build up enough strength
You can go into overdrive mode and you transform and you have two blades
So that's kind of neat but it was kind of interesting because I had two different
Representatives from Square Enix pointed out to me. Did you know about overdrive mode? Did you try it?
Did you try it like I guess it's the big selling point of the game or something. I don't know but um
The levels I play were kind of cool. They had the Mulan and the
Hercules level playable so I'm kind of neat um yeah did you actually of course
you had our on there did you get the fusions no I did not get a chance to do
the fusion with goofy the best of the Valor one that's awesome he dual wields
kill the key blades yeah having our on in the game was kind of neat though I
gotta say that's kind of neat addition to the game another game I checked out
today was Hello Kitty roller rescue now stop laughing stop laughing I was drawn
of this game because I love Batsumaru the penguin and I saw that he was in the game
so I had to check it out. Hello Kitty Roller Rescue is very interesting. I'm sure there's
an audience out there for it somewhere. Even though I do love Batsumaru I can't personally
say I would buy this game. I would buy it for a child but I don't know if I could buy
it for myself. I became too frustrated because Hello Kitty would not jump over everything.
There was only certain things like some weird collision detection. I don't know what it
is but just it wasn't as interactive as it just felt weird I but a kid would be
into it a kid wouldn't be bothered by it so and that's what it was really for so
that was one of the other games I saw today I guess that's all I really want
to say oh one other game I actually saw this yesterday but I forgot to bring it
up on yesterday's show the Capcom collection that has a bunch of old
school Capcom arcade games ghouls and ghosts super goals and ghosts and the
one I played 1943 all in it kind of a neat collection seems like the kind of
the popular trend right now with the retro and is having the flashback
console Atari having the Capcom collection the Namco one they're doing a
new one that's really big very interesting trend did you get to play
any final fight I did not play final fight it's very wonky right now it was
pretty good new final fight okay yeah I actually played the new romancing saga
I was never big into the saga games. It was kind of cool, but it looks like a freaking ps1 game
It's just not clean. Yeah, saga sagas were games
All right, okay now since the show is all done I'd like us to go around and think about the best
Let's do best booth at the show first the best booth who there at the show
Do you believe had the best booth out of anybody and why anybody want to start it's kind of dark Sakura
There's things that
Places that did things better. I think but overall I have to give
It's actually a toss-up it really is a toss-up. Okay a tie. What do you think?
I'm gonna have to say that between Konami and Namco. I mean just Konami went all out with that show
That was really cool. You know so as far as their presentation
Namco I'm not able to but Konami had the better show, but as far as overall like I said saying yesterday friendliness
knowledge
You know the fun swag I have to say that Namco really impressed me very much their lineup
I got to play. Oh, I also play pack and roll and
When a person when someone came over and saw that I had the the hang of playing it they didn't harass me
I just got to play it we talked a little bit about it as the people at Namco mobile were fun
They were just happy and that you know, they ran out of the little squishy pac-man things, but they apologized for it
And you know, they knew what they were doing. They were happy to do what they were doing our co-host
for
Outside the box lanky style. He actually got a short video clip of the Prince of the cosmos
breakdancing
really
Hoping to make a live journal icon out of that
We'll have to post that in our orange lounge live journal community once that's done. Okay, so
dark soccer saying toss-up between Konami and Namco
Loki what do you think was the best booth at the show?
Well
Man, it's tough. I only I you know, I'm so biased just because I hung out Konami's booth, you know a long time
You know pretty much the majority of time while I was there
Only because a few things one
You know the whole stage area right there where they had a DDR games very open
You're not really feeling crowded in there plus you can sit down and like watch the little trailer reel that they've got there
Couldn't really do that anywhere else also
I guess as far as being the least offensive booth of them all because you know
They didn't really have any booth babes jumping around they had you know actually something that appealed everyone
that was kind of cool and however there is a close second that would be a game
infinity and only because they had X tango in the sex game there three feel
or feel three but those are pretty cool then there were some booths that just
like I was confused on like for example I will do worst booth of the show a
little later this isn't worse but this is just confusing I just like huh I
kind of nodded my head I didn't understand it like the booth for the
Singles 2 game was Triple Trouble or something like that where there's three
chicks in this like roped off area is like a room just sitting there I was
like I didn't get it I just didn't get him like and then guys were standing
there probably sitting there thinking I wonder if they'll do it you know it's
just gonna sell a game whatever I guess I didn't get it probably my second
runner-up would be actually the g4 booth because they had a pretty cool setup
there as far as like sit down chill watch their shows make a t-shirt which
at least you're guaranteed a t-shirt that way they had um you know the people
giving out those ouch kits those are pretty awesome free massages and the
eight-foot Nintendo controller plus you get autographs and it was just it was
kind of a good vibe there I also have to give a special kudos to the Tylenol ouch
booth and the cute guy that gave me a back massage all right I would say if I
had to pick one booth of the show and I hate to kind of echo what somebody else
already said but honestly for me there was one booth that I feel they put all
their cards out on the table everybody there was really friendly I got to play
their games they have a hell of a lineup this year and that booth would be Namco
I would say would be my booth of the year was I was just blown away about
about what they've got to offer I think with between like we heart katamari soul
caliber 3 pac-man and even semi-decent mobile games as well and usually I'm not
very impressed with cell phone games but the ones I played were pretty decent for
a cell phone certainly more so than some of the other ones I played at the show
and I just felt that Namco they also had various stage shows going on with the
whole soul caliber battles and stuff it really was for me I think the most
impressive lineup at the show so that would be my booth as a show alright best
you want to do best gamer you into worst booth next worst booth Dark Sakura for
attitude it was Capcom bunch of apathetic no you know Capcom is a
company has my love you know been long time Capcom fan but the people who they
had working the information booth they were just rude rude as they could be
yeah we kind of got talked about it yesterday so you guys know how we feel
about it. They just displayed so much apathy that I can't say that Capcom really impressed
me. They really didn't have a whole lot of games. I mean, and I want to answer an email
real quick, because while we're on Capcom, I'm so sorry to interject, but if I don't
do it now, I'll forget. Somebody had written us an email about Mega Man Battle Network
and wanted to know how it would link up with the other DS Battle Network games. And basically
what we found out is that there is some type of tournament mode, so you can play Battle
network against the DS wireless but we did not see anything in any of the
materials so far I haven't dug through the whole book but in a little promo
video we saw we didn't see anything about it linking up to the Game Boy
Advance versions or anything it's just a type of online battle tournament mode
anyway I just want to interject that okay it was you know everybody put on a
really good display actually Gizmondo was also really excellent for we're
I'm using it as a comparison. Because you know Gizmondo was sort of like,
eh, we're Gizmondo last year. And this year we're like, hey, we're freaking
Gizmondo and we're bringing out people to rap and spin and dance for you and everything.
But Capcom was the same as they were last year, just, we don't want to fucking be here.
You know, it may be true, it may be work, but you should be happy in the work that you
do. And the guys at Namco, they were having to
do every bit of a boring job that you were, but they were all smiles and friendly.
So Capcom must be the dullest place on earth to work for or something.
Alright, so is that your worst booth or do you have an overall worst booth?
Like I said, the displays and everything were great.
For everywhere, there wasn't anything really disappointing as far as their look, but yeah,
I have to say that Capcom, it was just the attitude.
attitude soured their whole booth for me all right Loki this one's easy I'd like
to give a big thank you to Rockstar for saving me a time for having to play
their games because guess what they rented out this huge huge booth and put
some buses there and said hi you don't get to play anything eat that you're
gonna buy our games anyways suck it you know and that was it they didn't have
Jack they even they had a little brief small little trailer thing and then they
were giving out like what a screen cleaner or something the only picture I
saw of bully was in a magazine I got there for free so I actually saw more of
rock stars line up from some stupid magazine then you know their actual booth
you know what I'm tired of these game companies thinking that their stuffs all
kick-ass just because you know the last couple games which have all been exactly
the same I might add have sold really awesome but guess what you know what
save emergency suck balls so you know what I hope bully does too because I'm
not giving you my money just for the same damn rehash game with maybe a
different genre not necessarily different on a different time period it's
set in all right well for my worst booth again I hate to echo what somebody else
already said but just because of the fact that it was an eyesore I mean the
booth itself was an eyesore and just the fact that they had all this space and
and did nothing with it for the fans.
Rockstar was by far the worst booth of E3 2005,
and it just did not get me excited
about any of their games at all.
And granted, I was never huge on Grand Theft Auto
to begin with, but I didn't wanna stop and look at anything.
And I know they're trying to show new games.
I didn't wanna stop and look.
A horrible position for them, too.
Their booth was in a bad spot, too.
I understand if they wanna do press only for these games,
because obviously they're probably in progress
and they don't want any bad balloons.
But even still, last year,
Last year, I didn't see their games.
Okay, they were behind closed doors,
you can go and make an appointment to play it.
This was just like rubbing it in your face.
It's like, oh, hey, guess what?
You can go in here and play games if you're pressed,
and if you make an appointment.
And just the chain link fence and the giant buses
were just an eyesore.
They didn't need to be there.
Guess what?
With all the other neon nice effects,
just to have that ghetto looking booth was just, no.
You know what, I honestly, I learned about Rockstar's
lineup from posters that were outside on Hollywood Boulevard that's where I
learned about their stuff so when I saw their booth with the buses like whoopity
freakin doo-dah you know wow you have bully coming out look guess what it's
just like Grand Theft Auto but it's in school alright best game of the show best
game of the show in your opinion the game that wowed you the most and that
you you will just be running out and getting the day it comes out because you
were so impressed by it at the show Dark Sakura there are so many good ones
making me think I mean seriously it is that difficult to pin down just one it's
hard it's hard um I think I'm gonna be running right out after shoot it's like
our toss-up between three games seriously name three we love Katamari
Definitely. Nintendogs and Animal Crossing DS.
I'm not going to go into that.
I would have to say those three were the top of the show.
Well, actually those three had me convinced to be the top of the show,
but actually I think that I'm going to bypass all of them for Popocaros.
Because I need an RPG on the PSP, and it's fun, it's cute, it's 2D,
so actually I'm going to have that one top them.
Alright, Popocaros.
Loki, game of the show.
I'm gonna get Weheart Katamari, that's for sure.
And why is that?
It's because it's Katamari, it's just fun.
It's also cheap.
What does the sequel offer that the first one doesn't though?
Why should people run out and get it?
It's more of the same game, who cares?
That's why you want to get it.
Everything you loved about the first game is in the second game,
and it's just wackier and better.
Let me help. Co-op mode as well, and some new modes as well.
Who cares about that? I'm just talking about more game. You know, you finish the first game like I want more give me more
So, you know this this will be cool
then then time
Nintendogs will be awesome and I've got to get you know animal crossing just because everyone else is gonna have it, you know
and I don't want to feel left out and
Yeah, I think those are probably the ones are you gonna let your puppies play with my puppies?
Maybe I'm gonna call my dog bacon
All right
My game of the show I you know
I love games that do something new that isn't just the same old crap over and over again and
Bring something you know new to the table
I like interactive games that help you you know do like I loved Animal Crossing 1 because you could interact with other people
in unique ways, so I just love originality and
And this game was just damn good-looking too, and I had fun with it
I had a lot of fun with it
which is something I cannot say about most games.
A game of the show for me would be Nintendogs.
Okay, which is odd because I'm totally not a dog person,
but I loved Nintendogs, it was so cute.
I'd like to discuss this stuff right here.
Okay.
I pulled open my little show daily magazine here,
and they have won a.com awards
for what they thought were the best.
Sure, sure.
So the game-
Can I finish my thought on guest show stuff first?
Well, I thought you were done.
No, I'm not done.
I have a runner up.
You all got a runner up, I want a runner up.
My runner-up would be actually Meteos, the new puzzle game that's gonna be coming out on DS.
I had a lot of fun playing that in the hotel last night because we were able to,
myself and my friend were able to download it off the DS download station.
And we just had a lot of fun with the versus mode.
I think it's finally like a really good puzzler for the DS.
And it's very odd that I'm giving both the best in show, my thoughts, and runner-up to DS games
when I've kind of knocked the DS quite a bit over the past few months
because they've had really a crap lineup well the DS is it is true the DS is
going to get a hell of a lot better over the next nine months and you know if you
are in the DS versus PSP mindset I still think both systems are very separate and
if you really want to experience everything you're gonna have to own both
but it's gonna be a close contest for those looking at one or the other okay
now we can just look at it this way people you're not gonna have to actually
get an external keyboard if they put Linux on the DS versus you know the PSP
I had a moment of comedy though speaking of the DS stuff was trying to download
electroplankton from the PSP area and having a Sony person comment on it huh
all right okay yeah Logie you were gonna get into what somebody else their awards
game of the show they gave it to Legend of Zelda I haven't seen the game so yeah
I mean to be honest, I think our our awards quote-unquote
You have to remember are from our perspective and our perspective was we were
Even though you know, we're borderline media. We went in as non-media just like, you know
I just like the salespeople just like the folks the students and the folks that are barely in the industry from our
Perspective Legend of Zelda was not easily accessible
So therefore it kind of gets a strike against it when it comes to really the most impressive thing at the show exactly
best visuals unreal tournament 2007 once again another thing that you had to wait in line to go see yes, uh-huh
But it looked good. Anyway, it's best game trailer. I can agree with this Mel your solid for had a learn
Have a funny trailer hilarious trailer for that
Best original or most original game electroplankton and I haven't played it so I couldn't tell you I wasn't able to get in on the demo
But I know dark soccer you got it. It is it actually is sort of music II but yeah electroplankton is really bizarre
I've been wanting that game for what was that one game that we were playing that was on the
God the other system the other portable system, you know that you were hyping up
Gizmondo. Yes. What was the other that game the guitar guitar game? It was called Johnny Wonder
I think it was that was pretty cool. It had a little karaoke mode where you sort of
You know hit directions and rhythm and it was like a music and rhythm game meets an action game, which was kind of cool
You have like an action mode where you kill things by wailing part on your guitar
Anyways next one so one more award, okay
How about we do well?
Again, this is coming from the showbook. Yeah, I'm one of comms award best show me or
Best simulation game than ten dogs without a doubt all right
And yeah, you can find all this stuff on one up calm or if you luckily have one of these things
There's a game that they listed on here, which is cool best PC games spore, which is by will right which you know
It's gonna be pretty good at PC games. I was a little disappointed that I'd really didn't see any civilization for
I saw huge banners for it, but no place he could really go look at it
I guess they were doing trailers and teasers
But I was really hoping I'd be able to get my hands on it couldn't do it
There was a civil a civilization game coming out on engage
That I did get a chance to play and the graphics are nice but I couldn't figure
out how to move my freaking character and to be honest I'm just done with the
Engage. I have no interest in any games coming out. The Engage Arena when I walked by with
Jamie it was empty. I went by it towards the beginning of the show totally empty
totally empty so it's kind of sad. There was more people inside the Rockstar
booth than there were in the engage arena so kind of sad but this happens
all right I guess that's it you guys we're pretty much done with the show
here at e3 so of course we will be back live Sunday with our three-hour talk
program dedicated to rhythm and music games and of course other live
programming throughout the week Tuesday nights Dark Sakura pump up the volume
stay tuned to our website orange launch radio comm for more details on upcoming
new live programs coming back to the station and I guess with that oh our
Podcast of course is always updated late Sunday night early Monday morning. Check it once a week
We will have another show in a couple days here
Kind of once again wrapping it all up for me three and taking your questions just an FYI our e3 at orange launch radio
Comma dress is now closed
Please do not use that address the shows over those emails will bounce back to you
If you would like to give us feedback though, or you want to comment on the show in general
We do still welcome those emails and we'd love if you have e3 show feedback, or you want to comment on something
We'd still love to hear from you guys to go to go at orange lounge radio.com
and if you're a game publisher and you want to send us free stuff, that's
Loki at orange launch radio.com. Yeah, nice. All right
Okay, let's go around and give everybody's final thought final e3 thought Loki
That pizza I had this morning wasn't cooked all the way and there will be hell to pay hell to pay. I
I
Had a bacon covered wiener and it was good and it was cooked in onions
So it tasted like a bacon covered onion wiener and reject false icons
Yet Loki yes
Oh you want me my father my final thought would be that I think it's very ironic that the ferret and the orange lounge
Radio media CD ended up within like a foot of each other on the giant katamari
Yeah, and I wonder where they're gonna roll that thing. I was just gonna say that the Katamari claimed the ferret. Yes, so
It was the retard ferret, right? No, it was the one that made all the cool sounds
Apparently I made a mistake. Well, I took the one that Loki had operated on
It wasn't the one you've been using on the shows because that's still in your green chair. So don't don't cry
He's with the king of the cosmos now deal
alright
From us here at e3d you guys
Thank you for downloading us and checking us out subscribing to the podcast and tuning in to our e3 coverage
Of course, we'll be back in 2006 and next time
Watch out because we are going to be storming the booze next year with all access passes if we have any about it
We'll see you try. We'll see if the woman will let me next year. All right, we'll see. Goodbye everybody
That's the end of another orange lounge radio to-go edition. This podcast is a proud part of
www.orangeloungeradio.com. See you next update.
