Orange Lounge Radio
Who's your hosts? DarkSakura, Skie, and Loki
After a planned and unplanned weekend off, we're back and we've got lots of news to catch up on.
Join us for a few weeks worth of updates on VR DLC releases, streaming of multiple kinds, and the long arm of the law.
All this, your comments and more, starting right now on the show, where every gamer has a voice.
Orange Lounge Radio
Hello my friends out there on the internet and welcome back to another week of the show where every gamer has a voice.
Orange Lounge Radio. It feels so good to say that. Episode number 744 for this September 16th of 2018.
My name is Rob Roberts and I'm joined of course here in studio. We're based in Sacramento, California.
The one and only, Techmaster Loki.
Hello.
Hello, hello. Good to have you back.
Yes, good to be back.
It's good to be back. It's been a couple weeks, as mentioned in the intro.
And by the way, of course, DarkSakura, or Jamie Summers, she is on a planned leave due to her day job.
She'll be joining us through the magic of a radio a little later on in the show in a pre-taped segment.
So, but as far as being in the now is concerned, we were always going to be off two weeks ago because I was at DragonCon.
Which, by the way, my god, DragonCon at this point feels like it was six months ago, okay?
I mean, it just, it feels like it was an eternity, but I had a fantastic, wonderful, amazing time at DragonCon.
It really was like my best year yet in many ways. I'll talk a little more about that in a minute.
So I knew I was going to be off for that show and that was Labor Day anyway.
But then we unexpectedly missed last week and things happen, you guys.
What happened is that, and I'll just kind of give you disclosure, it actually was not Loki or myself or DarkSakura that was sick.
It was actually Alan, my husband, who lives here as well.
And he, I think it's okay that I disclose this. It is a little, it's a little crazy, y'all.
He had a disease called hand foot mouth disease, which is something that usually children get.
I don't think folks above five years old.
That is not necessarily true.
Yes. So adults can get it too. But the weird thing is, and what's stumping all the doctors, is that they couldn't figure out how he got it.
Because he's not around kids. We don't have kids.
So here's the thing. The doctor thinks he got it from food because he was eating out all the time while I was out at DragonCon.
And it started to settle in about the Wednesday.
Kids are everywhere.
Yeah, I know. It's crazy, right? So that's, I mean, that's what it was.
He's fine now and he's not here anyway.
But, and honestly, could we have done the show last week?
Probably, but I did not want to take the risk because since it is a kid disease, I did not want Loki to get it. He's had it before.
I've already had it, yeah.
Well, I didn't want you to get the cooties and then give it to your kids. That's what I really didn't want to happen.
Well, my son's had it. My oldest son had it and I got it from him. And it's not fun because you get blisters all over your hands.
It's like chicken pox, but worse.
I've never had chicken pox, so.
Oh, I hope you've had the vaccine because that's, that's tough.
I haven't had the vaccine either. I've lived dangerously, but no.
You should talk to your doctor about that.
Uh, I've had the, um, disease. So yeah, basically I got blisters all over my hands and my feet.
No DDR when you have that.
No, and it was hard to play games. I still played games, but it was hard because like it was uncomfortable a little bit.
But then eventually they go away.
Yeah, and that's where he's at now. They went away.
They get like a fever, I guess, for like a day and then it just, it's just all blisters and that's it.
And so the crazy, I never got it and we live together and you know, we're married.
Well, my wife never got it and my youngest son never got it.
Yeah, it's weird. So, and we, I don't know if it's because maybe I had it as a kid and I just don't know.
I know I had chicken pox, but I don't, I don't know about, I mean, I would have been too young to remember anyway.
But anyway, this isn't the disease and infectious podcast, it's a video game podcast.
But I wanted to give you guys a reason why we've been away for two weeks.
And also, you know, coming on the heels of Dragon Con, you know that I've done a lot of work and I'm very thankful to be included with the Dragon Con podcasting track,
which by the way, they're going to have a brand new name next year.
It's now the Dragon Con Digital Media Creation Track or DMC.
Devil may cry. No, but it's Digital Media Creation Track.
So I've been involved with them for a long time.
So every time I come back from Dragon Con, I'm like so motivated to like broadcast and like, I need to start three more podcasts and let's revive a podcast I did 10 years ago and all that stuff.
Like that's, that's what happens to me when I come back from Dragon Con.
And then I had a Twitch 101 panel and that went really well.
And I was like, I need to do all the things on Twitch and I need to be streaming more.
So I'm so motivated. I get back and my internet is crazy.
Like I'm not able to upload the speeds that I usually upload at.
So my 10 megabit upload for some reason is only five megabits when I uploaded Twitch.
But yet even if I lower my bit rate down to like 4000 or something under that, I still have problems.
So there's something really weird and I don't want to get into it on this show.
I've detailed it on my Twitter at MrRobRoberts. I did actually a Twitch video tonight.
So what I did, I used that whole premiere thing on Twitch.
I recorded a video for 40 minutes at like two o'clock.
I like played one of the new dungeons in World of Warcraft since I've been tinkering in that expansion.
And then I scheduled a premiere for like 4.15 or whenever my video was finally done processing.
And so it premiered right at that time.
And so it was like a pseudo live stream.
I wasn't really live, but it was like I was live. I just didn't have the chat comments.
So I guess it's kind of like here at Vaga Network.
Our radio feed is, you know, we have new episodes of Pod Culture, Mondays, 6 Pacific, 9 Eastern.
You know, it's kind of like a premiere in that regard.
That's kind of what I did on Twitch.
So I talked much more about that.
So if you want to see my Twitch channel, MrRobRoberts, I get into all the details about what's going on back and forth.
But I'm just in such a good mood now to be doing this show because I feel like my rhythm got thrown
when I was at my most motivated I've been throughout the year post Dragon Con.
And so, yeah, it's just it feels great to be back.
I'll talk about Dragon Con a little more later on, but it is a video game show.
And there's a lot of big video game news going on this week, namely the Nintendo Direct.
Why don't we dive into that first, especially because this might be the show.
I mean, hopefully the first OLR people are hearing coming off Dragon Con is not the one where I got very emotional,
which is the last, which is the show that's been sitting on the feed for three weeks before we went to Dragon Con.
But I would like to like to have a little enthusiasm, a little talk here on video games and what's going on with Nintendo.
So obviously everybody's talking about this Nintendo Direct.
Loki, let's jump in. What did Nintendo do with their Direct?
They announced games.
Well, that's good. We like game. We like game announcements, right?
Yeah. And then they talk.
Nintendo's biggest critic. How do you on this show, how do you how do you feel coming off this Nintendo Direct?
OK. It wasn't like like I saw one, especially like I paid attention.
Actually, that's when I came in the shows when they were talking about their online services, like in the middle of that.
OK. It's just all right.
I mean, it's not very fleshed out, but you're not paying a lot for it.
So I guess it's that's like. And what do you what do you expect?
You're getting a vanilla program for vanilla dollars. Yes, exactly.
So it's just all right. Well, for all the people that roll their eyes when you start to go off on Nintendo, I think they will take.
And it was OK. It was it wasn't like I didn't have high expectations and they met those non high expectations, I guess.
I don't know what to basically say. I mean, so they announced games, so they had lots of different things.
Three DS games that, you know, Kirby's extra epic yarn. They had Luigi's Mansion three coming to the switch.
They talked a little bit about the new update for Splatoon two.
Mario Tennis Aces was getting DLC. They are remastering New Super Mario Brothers U.
OK, well, we're like machine gunning this and I've got so much to say.
No, that's OK. So Splatoon two, I didn't really I my my feed kind of hiccuped, so I didn't really see everything.
Is it true that this is their battle royale update?
That's like if I know I didn't watch any of that part.
So, OK, then I need the help of our chatters over at live dot vog network dot com because we do tape live every Sunday night at six o'clock Pacific, nine o'clock Eastern at the Voice of Geeks Network,
vog network dot com right after the Bobby Black Wolf show.
And part of the fun of doing the show live is that we have a chat room to give us their call.
Steer us when we go adrift.
They were, I know, changing up some stuff, how they do Splat Fest to go along with this as well.
So once that online service comes.
Dartetsuya straight up says, yeah, I wasn't sure what that was about TBH.
The parts of the trailer I saw were really kind of abstract, like it didn't really explain what was new.
And one of my buddies was the one that told me that it was like a battle royale update.
But I don't know if that was just that's what I want or if it's what what I read somewhere.
Yeah. Nifty asks, where's Flacco? He's the Splatoon expert. He's a podcast listener.
He's probably shouting the answer in his car right now.
Like I know one of the things I think they changed with the Splat Fest.
It's now they have kind of like a casual and competitive mode for the Splat Fest.
So they split it up that way as well.
I don't know. I'm not in the Splatoon, so I didn't pay attention to it. Plus I came in late.
I was walking. I walk now. Apparently that's the thing I do.
OK, I'm actually loading Nintendo's site to see what the heck's going on.
They're saying new weapons set that are part of the Kensa collections.
The whole Splat Fest refresh that you're talking about.
New sub and special weapons are also on the way.
So this doesn't say anything about the whole battle royale.
But it says that Splatoon will have two new modes, normal and pro, that replace the solo and team modes and all that.
And normal means you go into a Splat Fest battle on your own.
And if it's, yeah, if you go into pro, then what is this?
You get into, where is this? No, it's talking about the ink. That's still just talking about the casual mode.
Oh, pro is for you want to go solo and push themselves to the limit.
You're judging your Splat Fest power. You can get into the top 100.
So that sounds like something that Flaco will be going for over on his stream.
So, cheap plug for Flaco Jones over on Twitch. Flaco underscore Jones.
I don't think I've seen him not stream Splatoon in a long time.
Alright, well that's cool for the people that are still turning away at Splatoon. That's cool to see what the game's still getting love.
They did talk about the NES classic games that they're going to have on there.
Yeah, cool. I saw some really cool stuff in there.
River City Ransom. I don't remember that in the first list of 10.
Yeah, I mean it looks nice. It's a nice interface and everything. They're going to have online play for some of those as well.
This really does feel like what we should have had on the Wii.
Yeah, or like the NES classic system.
And then if you want to get in on that NES classic gaming and you want to get some Joy-Con controllers that look like NES controllers,
you can do that if you subscribe to the service and it's going to be one per account that gets to purchase those.
Do you think this is an anti-scalping measure? Because as an anti-scalping measure, I've seen a lot of hate for this on the internet,
but as an anti-scalping measure, I'm like, yes, finally Nintendo's doing something about all the scalping of their products.
Maybe, but they probably think, well you don't need it if you're not paying for the service.
I guess. Although you know what the twist is, if you have a family plan, because you know some people were talking about doing family plan pools,
because family plans can be shared and I don't know, I think it was like seven accounts or something.
Some people were talking about doing the family plan. You can't get more than one with the family plan.
So if you go into one of these pools with five other people, only one of you is getting those NES controllers if you want it.
I don't know.
That's what eBay's for.
If you buy it and you're like, I don't want this shit, and then you're like, how am I gonna sell it for $400?
I don't know if I really need those controllers. I mean, it's like saying that the Joy-Cons are bad for playing.
I think the Joy-Cons are fine.
Most likely I'm not playing Nintendo games over the internet with people. That's not what I'm gonna use the service for.
This is where you and I are different. I'm gonna use this a lot. I hope. I hope there's people that want to play this game.
If I'm gonna spend $60 on those controllers, I might as well just buy a fucking NES classic because what's the fucking point at that point?
This is why I want my Twitch stream to work. Because I think playing something like River City Ransom with Bobby or my buddy Delvin or something online would be a lot of fun.
Because then we can laugh and hoot and holler when one of the characters goes barf with the exclamation point as they do in River City Ransom.
So, I'm really looking forward to the online thing. I've been waiting like 10 years to play Virtual Console games online, so this part is super exciting to me.
I mean, sure, I wish there were Super Nintendo games. I wish there were N64 games. I wish there was more. I wish this wasn't being drip-fed, but it's something. I'll take it.
You know what? It's better than nothing. This is what we have today.
I still don't understand what their fucking app does.
For a lot of people, nothing. And I think that's part of the reason why some people...
Well, you know this whole online thing when Nintendo's getting a lot of hate online? People are like,
Why is Nintendo charging this money?
Well, for one, Nintendo warned you this was coming. I mentioned this on the last OLR we did.
It's on the back of every Switch game that's online.
It says it's free until the launch of Nintendo's online system, which was supposed to be like summer.
Like last year. I don't have a Switch game in front of me, but I'm pretty sure a lot of those disclaimers are like,
It was supposed to be pay a long time ago. This whole thing has just been a courtesy extension or whatever.
So, I don't know. What are you getting with Xbox Live and PlayStation Plus?
Free games. Like free new games. Like recent games.
Okay. And to be fair, Nintendo's service is a hell of a lot cheaper.
It's $20 a year versus $50.
But you're getting a lot more full-price games.
I understand that you're paying less, but you're getting less.
But that's okay. I don't see where the problem is to complain about that.
My thing with it is, Nintendo I think values the value that they see their NES games, their old NES games,
is higher than what I perceive them to be.
I think they should be much cheaper.
Should never have been charging $5 a piece for that shit. Never.
And so they feel that it's, oh, you're getting such a value because they're like $5, $8 a piece.
Whereas in reality, maybe not so much.
I mean, great, yeah. Super Mario Bros. 3, great fucking game.
But it's been a great fucking game for decades now.
And it's old. It's old. It is.
And that is still a great game.
But dude, like fucking new movies that come out,
like movies that are decades old aren't necessarily being,
they're not priced at the same as a brand new blockbuster movie that just came out.
It's because that shit's been out forever and the demand for it isn't as high.
Granted, people like being nostalgic and they bought the NES classic systems and stuff like that.
And I'm sure this will be popular for a while, but it's not the same as getting like Switch games.
Like, you know, if they offered, you know, even though I don't fucking want it,
hey, 1-2 Switch is the free game this month or something like that.
You know, like an actual Switch game.
Yeah, but then that would be a steal if they were charging $20 bucks a year.
Not a month, Loki. A year.
If they were charging $20 bucks a year and giving you stuff on that level,
then like that would be, Nintendo would be like losing money on it.
That's why they can't, they could charge more for it if they offered more as a service.
Oh yeah, I see. All right, I get what you're getting.
But they're not because they don't have it there because they're,
this is kind of like fucking Little League shit, you know?
So that's fine. Let's, let's let them take baby steps into it.
I'm glad that they're actually doing an online service fucking decades late, but whatever.
I don't remember free games being a part of Xbox Live back on the 360.
So, you know, it took them time to grow too.
I just think a lot of people had the expectation that Nintendo was going to mirror.
Here's what I think happened.
I think a lot of people had the expectation that Nintendo was going to mirror what Xbox Live and PlayStation do.
Meaning you're going to be able to, like, people, I swear,
I think there were people out there that was expecting this Direct to be like,
now you can stream your games online through the Switch.
You can do SharePlay with a friend through the Switch.
You can have trophies and achievements that get online.
Like people are just straight up making shit up.
Why they can't just have like, okay, these NES games have the multiplayer component to them.
And, you know, later on other NES games could get that multiplayer update as well.
But for now, you can still play them, but they're single player or you can play them on the local co-op.
Why can't they do that?
You wanted that avalanche of like a hundred NES games.
Why can't they do that? Because they could have totally done that.
It's just that they're like, no, no, no.
We need to make sure that we get them all happening in multiplayer.
You know what? There's one player NES games out there.
There's plenty of one player NES games, fucking Legend of Zelda.
I'm sure that's part of it, but that doesn't need fucking two players in it.
There's lots of one player NES games that you just throw up there.
Don't tell me you can't fucking run on that because homebrew runs that shit.
Okay, Orange Right in our chat at live.vognetware.com says,
it's good that there is an import and a game that was never on the Virtual Console in the first year.
They didn't wait until 2019.
Granted, it's Twinbee and Pro Wrestling, but still, and not to insult Twinbee.
Okay, well, that is neat that at least there is, I mean, Pro Wrestling was not that good of a game.
And that's not me slamming wrestling.
Like there was a WrestleMania game on NES that was cool,
but Nintendo's Pro Wrestling game was like not that good.
But it is still neat that, you know, it's there,
and it's something that you can make a decision for yourself on if it's good or not.
And the thing that is actually kind of cool about this whole Nesflix-style system that they have
is that if you play it and decide after 30 seconds you don't like it,
well, it came with your subscription to play Mario Kart online anyway.
So, I mean, I don't know, I'm kind of, I'm into it.
Like, I, you know, we knew Nintendo was going to be charging for online.
It's not that expensive, all things considered.
I'll probably just plop down for a year up front,
and now I'll have these NES games I can play on friends of mine.
I think it's going to be cool.
I'm going to do that as well because it's not expensive,
and because I need to if I ever want to play online, although I have not.
It would have been fantastic if Reggie came out of that direct and said,
100 NES classics and 50 Super Nintendo classics all out the gate,
and you get a game, and you get a game, and you get a game.
But, you know what, this is the more realistic approach. It's fine.
We all knew Nintendo was going to drip-feed it.
I just wanted to keep the pace up.
If they're going to add three more to the pot every month, like their show,
like, keep that up for five years.
You know what I mean?
Make sure you have that plan to keep this going for years,
because I imagine, you know, and I'm okay with, okay,
and then when they run out of NES games, let's say in a year's time,
that they want to do, now the Super Nintendo games start coming,
and then the N64 or whatever they decide to do.
But it's very obvious that they're not looking to do everything,
or we wouldn't have things like this SNK collection, the Sega Ages.
Like, this is not going to go down the same path, or arcade archives.
This is not going to go down the same path as Virtual Console.
Nintendo is keeping this Nintendo.
I think it's a given we'll get Super Nintendo eventually.
I just hope, one more thing I'm going to say about this,
I just hope it doesn't go the whole DS route where it's,
well, you need the new 3DS to play this, because you all know,
we all know, we all know there will be a Switch Deluxe of some sort.
It will happen.
Maybe not next year, but, you know, around the time that PlayStation
and Sony and Microsoft are starting to show off what's next for them,
Nintendo's going to be like,
well, how about the power of the Switch Deluxe?
And now you can play Super Nintendo games,
but only through the power of the Switch Deluxe.
To which I'll tell them, fuck your stupid, super whatever Switch game.
Be prepared. Be prepared.
That shit can fucking play Wii games now, okay?
I know, it should. It should fucking.
It is playing Wii U games.
This is about as stupid as saying Sony's PlayStation 4
can't fucking handle PlayStation 1 games.
It's goddamn retarded.
It's just, you can't say that intelligently.
It's dumb.
The system can fucking handle Super Nintendo games.
Alright, let's move on.
What else did we have, Logie?
Anyways.
Katamari reroll, so they're re-remastering that again.
Okay, yay. I'm very happy about that.
Because the last time it came out was remastered,
so it's fucking remastered yet again.
You know what, though? I seem to recall,
the first two games were the good ones,
and then it didn't get very good after that,
because I don't think the guy who created Katamari was with it anymore,
and so they started to kind of, you know, roll off the rails a little bit.
So, I'm okay with a remaster of the first game. I really am.
It's been long enough.
Let's revisit it in glorious widescreen.
I'm imagining it's a down...
Oh no, maybe they are going to release it as a cartridge.
But whatever. I'm in.
It's Katamari.
Well, yeah. I have to get it.
Yeah, I know, right?
I'm just disappointed that it's not new,
because it needs to be new.
I'm sorry, I'm screaming over here.
SSG100Matt in chat says,
Last time Katamari was this big in the news,
OLR was in trouble over it.
Truth.
It's true, yeah.
How quickly we forget the Vita game.
How quickly we forget there was a Katamari launch game on the Vita.
Alright, anyway.
Was it Touch My Katamari?
Maybe. I don't remember what it was called.
Yeah, probably.
It was not very good, from what I remember.
It was okay.
But yeah, I mean, it just, you know,
it wasn't enough to keep the Katamari games,
or games in general, coming on the Vita.
Alright, so yay, Katamari. What else?
And then, of course,
they were showing off
the new fighter for Smash Brothers.
And, of course,
coming from Animal Crossing.
And then, of course,
Animal Crossing itself.
So there was the fake tease that,
oh hey, it's just an Animal Crossing character, fighter, and...
But then, oh ho ho!
There's also Animal Crossing.
Yeah. And Tom Nook.
I was hoping Tom Nook would be the fighter, but you know.
Yeah, I actually thought it would be a reveal
that Tom Nook was like a shadow character.
That would have been kind of rad.
As if I'm poo-pooing the news of a new Animal Crossing.
No, that's very exciting.
But, you know, like literally two minutes before the direct,
I wrote this tweet that was like,
I can't live tweet the direct,
because I need my phone to be able to watch it.
So, you know, lower those expectations.
Don't expect them to announce a new Animal Crossing.
And then, of course, when that first trailer started,
I was like, aw, motherfucker.
They're going to announce Animal Crossing right after I wrote that tweet.
I pretty, like, she says something like,
the mayor's away or something.
She says something where it's very obvious,
oh, she's going to reveal that she's in Smash.
Of course, Isabel in Smash rumors were out there months ago,
you know, and it's a very logical character to add to the game.
So, of course.
And then I was like, oh, okay.
So that's what they're announcing.
Wow, what a troll.
This is an epic troll.
And then the second trailer started,
and the disclaimer came up again on the screen,
may not reflect actual gameplay.
And that's when I knew, oh, this is an actual Animal Crossing reveal.
They just fucked my tweet.
But you know what?
If I'm going to be wrong, that's the reason I want to be wrong.
I'm never happier to be wrong than cases like that.
I just, you know, I knew a new Animal Crossing game would happen someday.
Of course, one's going to happen.
I just didn't think it would be this soon.
I really did think Nintendo was going to focus on the mobile thing,
but maybe because the mobile version hasn't really taken off for them,
they decided, let's do this.
So they had a new Game Freak game called Town.
It's a working title.
So that looked interesting.
It all takes place within one town or something.
Oh, yeah.
RPG.
They had, what was it?
Final Fantasy, Final Fantasy, and more Final Fantasy.
Crystal Chronicles Remastered, Final Fantasy XV Pocket was out that day.
World of Final Fantasy Maxima,
Chocobo's Dungeon, Final Fantasy VII, Final Fantasy IX, Final Fantasy X, X-2,
and Final Fantasy XII.
Sorry, no, VIII or VI.
Okay, here's, okay.
Can we talk about this for a minute?
Okay, first off, I am so here for the Chocobo Dungeon
and for Final Fantasy Crystal Chronicles.
Where's that Fox Chocobo racing?
That should have been the racing title that should have been highlighted there.
Where's my Chocobo racing remaster?
I'm not going to disagree.
So here's what's obviously happening.
Square Enix is taking all of their PC ports that they've done recently
and are going back into Unity or whatever and export to Switch.
Obviously, I'm very much oversimplifying what really happens.
I know that.
But we know they're taking their PC ports and basically now porting them over to Switch
because it shouldn't be that difficult.
Especially like the X and X-2, those were on PlayStation 3,
as was Final Fantasy VII was a download title on PlayStation 4.
I don't remember if IX was, but I know it was a PC title.
So obviously they're dumping this whole library onto the Switch, which is cool.
I mean, I got really excited seeing that Final Fantasy XII is on the Switch,
but then I'm like, I've already bought that game two times.
Once on PC, once on PlayStation 4.
I'm not going to buy it again on the Switch just to have it portable,
but I think it's great for the people that maybe only have a Switch at home
and not a PC strong enough to run it.
That's cool for them.
They'll finally get to play the game, yay.
But I find it fascinating just how much of the talk on Twitter is,
where's Final Fantasy VIII, though?
Do you hate VIII?
Where's Final Fantasy VIII?
And I'm like, they just announced seven, nine, ten, ten, two, twelve.
They announced five Final Fantasy games,
and you're complaining about the one that's not there.
And here's the thing.
Most people that are making that, I say most people,
because I know there's going to be somebody that pops up and says,
no, I'm very serious about my complaints.
Most people that are writing those tweets and complaining
Nintendo hates Final Fantasy VIII or whatever the hell they're saying out there,
would probably not buy it anyway,
and are not going to buy seven or nine, which are very similar.
And this goes beyond, look, I know you all know I don't care for Final Fantasy VIII.
It is my least favorite Final Fantasy game.
I said it. Deal with it.
And the reason why, it's not the story.
I get that y'all are tied to the story.
It's not the story that upsets me.
The story's fine.
The story should have been the Final Fantasy movie they did.
It's that draw junction thing completely ruins the gameplay for me.
Deal with it.
But here's the thing.
I don't understand.
Finally, after all these years, we can say Final Fantasy VII is on a Nintendo system.
Who would have thought we would ever see the day?
But yet everybody just wants to complain.
But where's VIII?
Well, did you think that maybe if you support some of these other games,
maybe there will be incentive to do VIII?
Maybe VIII was not as portable.
Because, again, they just recently did VII on PlayStation 4.
I'm not talking about the remake.
I'm talking about, remember at the PlayStation experience a couple years ago,
they announced Final Fantasy VII available today.
And it had that audience reaction of the stone faces
because it was the old Final Fantasy VII.
So that is what is going on the Switch as is, you know, X, X-2, X-12.
We all know what we're getting with that.
So it's just, you know, for whatever reason VIII just isn't as easily portable.
But if these other Final Fantasy games do well,
then I would imagine they're going to have the incentive to maybe go back
and do some of these other Final Fantasy games,
which would include, yes, maybe VIII.
I kind of don't want them to do Final Fantasy V and VI
if they're just going to slap those mobile ports that are on Steam
over to the Switch because those games deserve better.
But, you know, we'll see what happens.
I think it's still exciting to have Square Enix games,
Final Fantasy games and all this coming out on the Switch this much.
I'm here for Crystal Chronicles and Chocobo Dungeon.
The rest of them, I've already bought them,
so I don't see myself buying them again just to have them portable.
That's it.
Anyway, going to chat over at live.vognetwork.com.
YYR says, hold up, I have a question.
Did they announce the Final Fantasy VII remake for Switch
or just an old port of Final Fantasy VII?
No, not the remake, just old port.
Yeah, it's not going to be able to run the remake.
That's why Final Fantasy XV looks the way it does.
Yeah, so, well, the Final Fantasy XV has been out on phones for forever.
That's why I'm nervous that they're going to just do V and VI
and that terrible chrono tribute PC thing next.
I know, it's so weird that the Switch runs mobile games quite well.
You know what else runs on mobile platforms?
Fucking Super Nintendo games, that's right!
Alright, anyway.
SST100Matt says, I just found it funny that they so obviously skipped VIII.
I also don't like Final Fantasy VIII, but I mean,
just because they didn't announce it now,
doesn't mean they won't come out with it later.
I mean, the big oversight of VIII, when it's like 7, 9, 10,
we all know why they don't do XI, it's online,
and XII, you know, it's like, there's very obviously-
No, I don't know why they don't do XI.
Why isn't XI on the Switch?
Fair enough, but there's very obviously a number missing in that sequence,
which for me, when I'm not a big fan of Final Fantasy VIII,
is great for trolling tweets, but I'm not really trying to be an asshole.
Like, I'll get my one little troll tweet out of my system,
and then it's like, but, you know, for those that like VIII,
I do hope it comes out eventually.
And from what I understand, the PC version did allow you to draw 99 Magics or something.
Like, there was a cheat built into it, so that if you hated the system like I do,
it made it a lot easier, but it's like, but the system's still there in the first place.
You even have to draw one still, it's bleh.
Anyway.
I think it'll go okay for him.
Bobby Blackwolf in chat says,
I might buy Final Fantasy IX only because I haven't bought it a second time yet.
Well, there you go.
Fifth Dream says, I love VIII.
I thought I was the only one, though.
Not if you check Twitter.
Not if you check Twitter.
You would think the whole world VIII is their favorite.
I was like, where were you people to fight me earlier?
Anyway.
All right, so Final Fantasy Galore from Square Enix, that's pretty cool.
And then of course they showed Daemon Ex Machina,
which is the kind of armored core spiritual successor type thing.
Oh yeah, that looked interesting.
Civ VI.
Yay!
And it didn't look like it was a cartoonified Civ Revolution type thing,
which actually I love Civ Revolution, so I wouldn't even care if it was that.
But it looks like it really is just Civ VI, but on the Switch.
So that's pretty cool.
And then Yoshi's Crafted World.
That looked cute.
Yeah, it looked neat.
Yeah.
I mean, obviously it's a throwback to Super Mario World II, Yoshi's Island.
And there's been a few other games inspired by that since,
like the yarn Yoshi Wooly World or whatever that was.
Yeah.
So.
That's all I can think of.
All right.
And then, what was I going to say?
They had a fighting game collection, or not fighting game,
like an arcade brawler collection that was from Capcom.
Oh yeah.
I was like, oh yeah, the Final Fight and all those games.
You know what's interesting, and we should talk about this,
a lot of those announcements were not unique to Switch.
That beat-em-up collection is coming out on PlayStation, pretty much everything.
The Final Fantasy ports, as the Nintendo Direct is going on,
Major Nelson puts out a tweet that says, hey, guess what?
We've got all these Final Fantasy games coming out on Xbox soon.
And they're getting all the same stuff except they don't have Pocket Edition
or Chocobo's Mystery Dungeon for whatever reason.
But like the 7, the 9, the 10, 10, 2, 12, all of that is also on Xbox.
It was just funny because it was very much a, hey, over here you guys,
over here, me too, you guys, us over here, I'm cool too.
Don't forget your Xbox, we love you.
It was just kind of a funny moment on Twitter.
I don't know.
It struck me as just kind of funny that Microsoft was like, we're cool too.
But the thing with Microsoft, and maybe this speaks to the state
of where I'm at with my Xbox One, I don't know.
I thought the 10 and 10, 2, and Final Fantasy 12,
I thought all of that was already on Xbox One.
I didn't realize Xbox One was skipped over on that stuff.
I thought it was already there.
Yeah, I didn't realize that.
So I guess that's why they're happy to finally have them.
I don't know.
So anyway.
SHO 100 Matt says, Capcom beat-em-up collection.
That looked cool, and you can do online co-op play.
Well, you'll notice a lot of stuff in that Direct,
the common theme was online stuff capped with Animal Crossing,
which is Nintendo's one of their biggest online games,
next to Smash and stuff.
But that's a big franchise that people are going to want to play online
in some capacity.
I mean, we'll find out next year what Animal Crossing will let you do online.
But in the meantime, Nintendo, besides Smash,
which they didn't really talk about, which I actually think made people happy.
Yes, there was the Isabelle reveal,
but outside of that, they didn't really talk about Smash Brothers,
and I think that's what people were hoping for,
is that we wanted to hear about some other stuff.
But I think a lot of the games they did talk about,
they really relied on some of the third-party stuff.
You have a lot of online stuff.
Like, there's a reason why the focus from Square out the gate
was Crystal Chronicles remaster,
because that's the one you're going to play online,
not seven, not nine.
Online is the Crystal Chronicles remaster.
Diablo 3 was brought up again,
which we knew that that was probably originally going to be
part of some type of Nintendo online announcement.
But they announced it for Gamescom, and now we got this instead.
But they still talked about it to remind us that
Diablo 3 is going to be online.
And then they showed us that
that Deus Machina thing looked very online,
shooter-y type of thing, too.
So I'm surprised they didn't give us an update on Fortnite
or something on top of all this stuff.
Fortnite doesn't use it.
Oh yeah, that's right. That's right.
We didn't mention Fortnite during the online presentation,
because it doesn't need it.
Fortnite doesn't need it.
I still think Nintendo should have snuck it in there as a
this is the system to play Fortnite on you guys,
because, Loki, everybody's playing Fortnite.
Everybody is playing Fortnite.
So I went on a random trip to San Francisco this weekend,
and we went by the Microsoft store at the big mall there downtown,
ironically not far from the Metreon,
which used to be Sony's big thing.
But we were at the Microsoft store there,
and what is on all the laptops and all the game consoles,
and what are people playing that they could probably be playing on their phones
or they're playing Fortnite? They're all playing Fortnite.
And we were in the Razer store.
And in the Razer store, what's being demoed on the computers?
Fortnite. I mean, Fortnite is the game right now.
But it's, I mean, if this had been four or five years ago,
it would have been Minecraft.
You know, it's just, it's the hot shit of the moment.
So I'm just, I'm really surprised that Nintendo did not try to drop
a Fortnite thing in there somewhere. That's all.
That's the only thing with online, I'm just kind of surprised.
But otherwise, I like the Direct myself.
I thought there was a lot of good stuff in there.
So, kudos Nintendo.
Even though they had to push it back a week,
you know, because of the hurricane that happened,
I totally respect, but I respect what they had to do.
That's totally fine.
And interesting the effect that that had, though,
because the Civ 6 thing got leaked early because of that,
because, you know, somebody had a scheduled post
over at 2K or something to go up,
and it still went up even though the Direct got delayed.
So we all knew about Civ 6 a week early.
And then, you know, other little things, you know,
kind of started trickling out.
So it was just interesting to watch that effect
of what happened with the delay.
But certainly I understand why Nintendo delayed it.
Yeah.
And it gave us something to talk about this week.
All right, so anything else with the Nintendo Direct we need to talk about?
How about you guys in chat over at live.vognetwork.com?
They also mentioned, of course, you know,
there's this save, special, you know,
cloud saves that you can do.
One thing, though, about that, though,
is if you stop subscribing to the service, you lose the cloud saves.
And you might not be able to get that stuff back.
Which, on the other platforms, there is a six month window
in which you can access those.
Oh, that's good.
You're just going to have to know to pull them down
before your thing expires.
But you can't even back them up on a USB stick or anything.
You have to pull them down to your system and hope your system doesn't fry.
That's it.
It's stupid.
I think Nintendo could do a lot better with that.
They're worried about being hacked is what it is.
Too late! It's fucking too late for that.
Just who cares at this point?
Yeah. All right.
Before we get into our gaming weeks,
I want to talk a little bit about Dragon Con, actually.
So Dragon Con was so much fun. It was great.
I got to do a variety of panels.
I talked about all the panels I was going to moderate on the last show,
but I did a panel with Mass Effect voice actors.
That was kind of the first big gaming related thing that I did.
And that was really cool.
Even though the game is old at this point,
I mean, I say it's old because Mass Effect and Mass Effect 2
are like ten and eight years old.
These titles are aging.
There's still so much love for the series.
Mass Effect Andromeda only came up once,
to which the question asker was quickly reminded.
None of the people at the panel had anything to do with Andromeda.
So I actually kind of jumped in.
I see my role as moderator to kind of deflect some of the questions
from the celebrities when maybe it's something they don't want to get into.
So as the moderator, I kind of said my piece about Andromeda.
I think a lot of us were, and I've said it here on the show,
a lot of us were really rooting for that game, and it came out,
maybe it could have had a little more time in the oven,
and it's unfortunate they weren't given that time.
And the audience gave the applause that they agreed and all that stuff.
And we moved on from that, because that's that.
But lots of other, it's cool to hear about their other projects and things.
Courtney Taylor, who voices Jack in the game,
she works with this organization called Nerds Vote
that registers people to vote at conventions.
So I wanted to give that a shout out.
Hopefully at some point I can get her or somebody else
that works on that project here on the show to talk about that.
I would love to do that at a later date,
before the elections in November, obviously.
So a reminder, register to vote if you haven't already.
So that was really cool.
And then I did a panel with the voice actors
from Five Nights at Freddy's, sister location,
where we actually played through the game.
I didn't play, thankfully.
A Twitch streamer, her name is Panina Chan, shout out.
She did the actual playthrough.
They're live with the voice actors,
and it was actually a lot of fun because the whole audience,
I did not realize how many kids are in Five Nights at Freddy's.
Boy, did I underestimate how many kids are in Five Nights at Freddy's.
There's a new hotness on there, too, now.
My son's totally into ink.
Was it, God, what the fuck is it?
Something in the ink machine.
I don't remember what it's called, but it's basically like,
I think Mickey Mouse, but Five Nights at Freddy's.
Oh, no.
It's like, it's your child's first horror game.
So, yeah, I knew some kids were into it, but I was kind of surprised
that that was very much a family panel of people that showed up there.
It was like a lot of mixed ages there.
So, anyway, you know, we were playing through the game,
and the voice actors are fun.
We had some technical difficulties at the beginning,
so we just did a little bit of light bantering and did some audience questions.
A couple things struck me.
One, the voice actors, I mean, they were all great.
They were all gracious, obviously.
They're all very young, which is interesting when I'm like,
wow, you're like maybe 24 tops, and you've accomplished so much more
in your life than I have, but I thought they were great.
They were so professional and everything,
and they were messing with the audience.
There's this really tense thing where you're crawling through the air vents,
and then at one point, Kellen, who does the voice of Freddy Fazbear,
actually just did the voice very loudly in the mic and scared the audience,
and that was really funny.
We all had a laugh.
And then, of course, I don't know if she did it on purpose,
but we knew this had to happen at some point.
Penina Chan triggered a jump scare, and the whole audience was just like, ah!
And so that was a lot of fun, and of course,
the voice actors are giggling like crazy because they're all into it
and think it's funny, and I think one of them was actually legit scared, too,
because, you know, it's a scary game.
So I was even kind of looking away.
Bobby Blackwolf was really cool.
He came to all my panels, even though he wasn't necessarily co-hosting them,
but he was kind of like my emotional support kitten for all these different panels.
He's looking away from the screen like,
I know something bad is going to happen.
I'm not going to look at this.
I'm just not going to look at it.
So that was a lot of fun.
No, nothing came up on the movie.
I think somebody asked a question to them about did they want to be involved,
and you can imagine it was like, yes, we would love to be involved with the movie.
Please call us was kind of the direction that we got.
But sadly for them, I think some of these roles will probably go to,
you know, the typical movie actors you hear,
but hopefully they'll get to be involved in some way or another.
And then I did a Twitch 101 panel with one of the engineers from Twitch,
and she was great.
She was really nice, and we had a really good panel, really productive.
It was 101, so I was talking about Twitch, like, what is Twitch?
But there was a lot of people in the audience who had no knowledge of Twitch,
so I thought that was really cool.
And there were, of course, some affiliates and people of all levels in there,
but I think even for those people it was a really good networking opportunity
to meet other live streamers and stuff.
And even I learned, like, I had no idea Twitch had a whole creators' camp online
that helps you learn how to do this stuff, so I thought that was really cool.
So that was a really productive panel.
And then the last panel I did from the video game track was probably the biggest.
I did the Overwatch voice actors, and that was a huge ballroom
that was wired with cameras because that's one of the ballrooms
that can go on Dragon Con TV, which if you've never been to Dragon Con,
Dragon Con TV is available in all the host hotels in your room during the convention,
and they air select panels on Dragon Con TV so you can watch them in your room
so you don't have to try to go stand in line or whatever for these panels.
So if they have a big, like, John Barrowman, every year John Barrowman's there
and has a panel, it'll be on Dragon Con TV, right?
So if you want to watch that in your room, you can.
Now, my panel was not on Dragon Con TV.
I don't know if it's on the online version, it might be, I don't know,
but I think what happens is that if one of the other panels has a technical difficulty,
they will revert to something else.
So I think we might have been the B panel because all of our stuff was labeled.
You may be, like, what you don't see on the front of the card has my name on it.
On the back of the card, what I'm looking at, has a little thing that says,
smile, you might be on Dragon Con TV, and kind of like a reminder about language and stuff.
Don't pick your fucking nose.
Yeah, pretty much.
How'd you know? Don't pick your fucking nose.
No, it didn't say that.
But anyway, Bobby Blackwell says it is most likely on the online version.
So I guess we'll have to, maybe I'll have to pony up the ten bucks and check that out.
I don't know, but here's the funny thing.
I know a bootleg is out there because I searched YouTube when I got home
and there was a bootleg of the panel out there.
So it was big enough to be bootlegged.
But all those voice actresses were, and it was all women,
because they were all the voice actresses of Diva, Symmetra, and Mercy were there.
And they were all super nice and great.
And the questions, there was a really, really good question.
And, like, let me tell you this.
Like, I have to be professional as a moderator and try very hard not to be a big fanboy.
But I was about to, let me tell you when I was about to, like,
just jump up and give one of these people a hug.
Anjali, who does the voice of Symmetra,
she got a question about what would be the charity skin that you would do?
Because, like, Mercy had the breast cancer awareness skin, right?
So the question was, what would be the skin that you would want to do and what would it look like?
And Anjali's answer said, well, I think it would be very obvious that Symmetra's
should do something for an autism charity and autism awareness.
And, you know, she wanted her charity to be that.
And she wanted the skin for Symmetra to be something that was like a world or global
and something that was very inclusive because autism isn't always something that you see.
There's all these different levels.
There's all these types of people that are dealing with all different levels of autism.
And it's an issue that can affect so many people.
And she had such an eloquent answer that I'm not really relaying appropriately here on this program.
I'm not giving that answer the eloquence that she gave it.
But I really just want to jump up and give her a big hug and say that was like the best answer
you could have possibly given to that question.
And I was moved by that.
So that was my favorite part of that whole panel, by the way, if you're curious,
was that particular question and answer.
NSG100Matt says, yeah, that was well thought out.
Make it happen, Blizzard. Yes, I agree.
So anyway, yeah, that was a great panel.
And then I didn't even really talk about it.
And just for time's sake, I probably won't get into it because that's a little more shop on the podcasting track.
And the video game track stuff, with the exception of the ballroom panel,
if you weren't there, you can't see it.
It wasn't taped or anything.
But the podcasting track or now in the future digital media creation,
that all streamed on Facebook Live and all those panels are available to see on Facebook Live.
So if you want to go check that out, and I encourage you to,
you can check that out on the Digital Media Creators DragonCon page over on Facebook.
So yeah, lots of fun panels there as well.
But anyway, I do want to move on for time's sake.
I want to get into a little bit of our gaming weeks.
And then I want to talk a little bit about one other thing that kind of traces back to DragonCon,
but it has to do with the future of OLR. I'll get to that in a minute.
Nothing bad. Don't worry.
Most of you already know what it is.
Not everybody may have heard this yet if you're not listening to Bobby Blackwell
or you weren't following all the DragonCon news.
So I want to get into that in just a minute.
But first, let's talk about our gaming weeks.
And how was your gaming week, Loki?
I did play a few things.
So I made it out to the arcade at one point to go.
I had some time to kill.
And so I went and played Danson's Revolution Ace.
And so I got to play a little bit of that.
Not very long, though, because I had to go pick up my kids.
But I got to play through a few songs of that.
And the interface is really confusing.
Luckily, the dude there spot me in games because he had put a ton of money into the machine,
which is kind of bad form or whatever for games.
So I got to play that a bit.
And I don't know.
I don't understand necessarily the new step charts too much.
New York Face is all right, but there's a definite change in how it is.
I like how everything kind of defaults to the solo arrows and stuff.
So it's a little bit easier to see.
I was going into the options and like, OK, I see speed options.
Where's my arrow options that I'm used to on my extreme machine?
Oh, it's not here.
OK, well, fuck it. I'll just play without it.
Oh, hey, the arrows look like that anyway.
So that was cool.
So I played a couple games of that.
And then I did download the demo for Mega Man 11.
And I played through that.
That was pretty fun.
I also picked up a game that I talked about on Twitter before
called Old School Musical.
And it's like a throwback to old school NES 16-bit games as well.
And it's this whole story about these two creatures, Robin.
I'm trying to remember the other guy's name.
But anyways, they basically have to figure out what's going on
with this world that they're in.
And so the whole game is played as a rhythm game.
And so you kind of watch as they go through different levels
that are like a Mega Man level or Metal Gear level
or Metal Slug or something like that.
And it's just kind of silly.
They have this weird thing that has to do with glitches
and chickens and stuff like that.
So I played through actually the whole game.
I've already beaten it because it doesn't take too long to get through.
It's only a rhythm game, so it's like two hours or so.
But then they have this other part that's this chicken mode
that you have to go through that you play through a bunch of songs.
And that takes a lot longer, and it's a lot harder
because they have modifiers that appear on your play field.
So it makes it a lot harder to distract you
or to make it harder to see the stuff that you're supposed to be doing.
So, very funny game.
They have lots of parodies for different things.
I posted an image on Twitter where they have a Sydney parody that's Sid.
So it's an old man dressed up like Sidney from Final Fantasy XV.
Scantily clad and everything. It's hilarious.
Nice.
And like your characters several times.
The younger brothers actually of these two guys is the larger of the two.
And so it kind of throws you off a little bit,
but he keeps getting dressed in female clothing.
Like in the Metal Gear level, he's dressed up like
oh god, I can't remember her name,
but Scantily clad like in Metal Gear Solid 5.
Oh, Q or whatever her name was?
Quest. Quiet.
Quiet, yes. Dressed up like quiet.
Gender is a construct, tear it apart.
It's just hilarious. It's funny, though, because he's talking about
why you keep getting dressed up like that.
He's like, whatever, I'm working it.
Yes, bitch, slay!
It's funny because he gets dressed up like Princess Zelda at one time.
Oh yeah, there's one level you have to find this guy named Clint,
which is obviously Link because the chickens have taken him away
for torturing chickens.
So very tongue-in-cheek video game references in a don't sue me kind of way.
Yeah, it's pretty cool.
And a lot of the music, too, has kind of like throwbacks to those songs as well.
And they have a lot of cool stuff in there, so definitely go check it out.
I picked it up on both platforms.
I meant to play it on the Switch, and then my kids demanded I give them the Switch
like immediately after I bought it, and I'm ready to play it and stuff.
And then my son decides he's going to do homework sitting behind me.
I'm like, motherfucker, you know?
How dare you do your homework?
How dare you do your homework?
And they're like, I want to play something on the Switch.
I'm like, oh, god damn it, you know, so fine.
So I had to buy it on PC, and I beat it through on PC, and I downloaded the...
They have some DLC for it as well, but it's like additional tracks.
It's all chiptunes, so it's pretty awesome.
But definitely worth checking out.
It gets pretty difficult, too, as you play through the game.
And I'm only playing on normal, and there's a difficult mode as well that's even harder.
So definitely worth checking out.
It's a great game.
You need a game, too, so that's pretty cool.
And then, what else did I play?
I don't remember.
I think that was pretty much it.
Yeah, just DDR Extreme at home.
Yeah, I think that was it.
I installed some other stuff.
Well, I played a lot of the LEGO Ninjago game,
because my son keeps having me pass through different parts of that game for him.
So I played a bit of that.
Oh, I remember.
What else?
I don't know if I played... I picked up Galaga and Double Peace because it was on sale.
It's kind of a weird shooter game.
I played it on the Xbox 360 at one time,
but I haven't gotten a chance to play through much of that.
But it's just like I remember. It's just silly. Weird.
Very innuendo.
Oh, and then I think I mentioned that I beat Donut Country.
I don't remember.
No, we haven't been here for a little bit.
Donut Country was another game. That's the one that's like Katamari.
It's basically this raccoon that has this tablet,
and he opens a donut shop, and he thinks that he is...
When people order a donut from him, he delivers a hole
that basically sucks up all their trash.
Which, to him, everything is trash.
So he sucks up all their stuff.
And so it's talking about this,
kind of flashing back to how they all ended up in this hole,
or donut.
And so...
A donut hole?
Yeah, and so they...
It's just a silly thing it has to do with the king of the raccoons and stuff like that.
It's just this weird game, but it's a little bit like Katamari,
but a little bit more linear
because there's no real time limit.
You just have this hole that gets bigger as you drop things into it,
and you have to solve some puzzles with that.
Not a whole... It's not a very difficult game, but it's fun.
It's got that kind of charm to it that Katamari has.
Wait, I have to know if this is a reference to the game.
Puba in our chat room says,
Loki, have a garbage day.
Yes, that's...
Okay, I was like, is that a reference to the game,
or did somebody just literally come into chat to tell you to have a bat?
Because either way, I'm okay with that comment.
Every level has the same thing.
It's the raccoon thing. It's like, have a garbage day.
Okay, okay, that's funny. I like that.
But also, have a garbage day.
So that was it. Yeah, that was all I played this week.
Alright, let me talk about my gaming week.
For my gaming week, I've done a lot.
So when I was at Dragon Con, Bobby had his whole setup there at Dragon Con with VR.
So he had the HTC Vive, which sadly not...
I didn't play it as much this year as I did previous years,
but again, probably just because we were busy.
I had eight panels and Bobby had six.
Granted, there was a little bit of overlap,
but when he wasn't being my emotional support animal at my panels,
I was being his.
So we were very busy.
But we did get to do some VR playing,
and he had me play Beat Saber for the first time,
which I got to play on the HTC Vive.
As a music game fan, I loved Beat Saber. It was so fun.
You would love this game, Loki, if you haven't checked it out.
They are, and I think that's when most people will really get to check it out.
But it was so fun.
What's interesting about it,
and Bobby was explaining this to me because I didn't know this,
but did you know that it's not like DDR in the way that it grades you,
or like Beat Mini 2DX?
It's not 100% about when you smash the note,
but a lot of the flourish that you do...
Like, did you just go...
Did you just move your hand slightly to break it,
or did you do a big, graceful swing of the sword
that followed through and broke it?
Because if you do more movement, you get more points,
which I think is kind of neat.
Of course, Perfect Attack, people are very upset about it
and write angry things on the internet,
but I think it's their game. They can do whatever they want.
I think the flourishes go with a lot of the music that's in the game,
and it has a really cool movement to it.
On one hand, I kind of wish you could have seen me play that.
On the other hand, I'm very thankful that Bobby
did not try to livestream video of me playing that game
because it is still a little embarrassing,
but it's a lot of fun to play.
It's like a must-have VR type of thing.
And what's interesting is that at one of the panels
Bobby was doing, the point came up is that
could Beat Saber be done on a TV in a non-VR environment?
And it's one of those, well, I mean, technically, sure.
You could use your mouse and all that and play.
It's not going to be the same thing at all.
Like the experience would not...
Even with motion controllers, it would just not...
No, it really wouldn't. It really wouldn't.
There's something about having it right in front of you
and really being able to see...
Are you telling me I can't do this with Kinect?
Because Kinect can do everything.
I'm thinking no. I'm thinking you're better off
not trying to do this in Kinect, so there you go.
And Bobby Blackwolf is in our chat and says,
you need the 3D positions of the visuals.
It's not about the controls, but the visuals.
And I would agree with that for sure.
So, yeah, that was Beat Saber. I really enjoyed it.
It would be cool if maybe there was a few more songs,
but as I understand it, the game is in early access,
so that really shouldn't be a critical point at this time.
I just hope that when they release on PlayStation,
maybe they'll get a few more songs.
But all right, depending on how much they charge for it,
I'm sure it'll still be fine on VR.
Maybe they'll add more to it later, that whole time.
That's probably what they've been doing,
is kind of adding as they go.
Bobby does point out that people have modded in songs,
but they're just doing like expert hell songs.
Yes, like the full Shrek movie audio track.
Okay, for the lolz, okay, funny,
but as a practical, would I play this at a party?
No, this doesn't work. So, anyway.
And YYR in chat says it'll probably remain in early access
until it's got a good list, like 30 to 40 at least.
Okay, cool. Cool.
All right, let's talk about other games I've played this week.
So when I got home, my copy of Dragon Quest XI was waiting for me.
So I've been playing through Dragon Quest XI on PlayStation 4.
God, I forget where I'm at.
I don't want to ruin the story too much,
but I just, the sisters just joined my party.
That should be vague enough.
It's not really spoiling anything,
but that's about where I'm at in the game.
It's about seven to eight hours in to the game.
So, I mean, it's a Dragon Quest game.
It's going to move a little slower.
It's going to be a very long game, like 100 hours.
Here's the interesting thing about Dragon Quest.
I don't think this series has changed at all, really,
since the last Dragon Quest game I played,
which is Dragon Quest VIII on the PlayStation 2.
I didn't really play IX.
X was online and never released here, so I couldn't.
So, I mean, it hasn't really seemed to have changed much since Dragon Quest VIII.
But I think that's okay.
That's kind of what people want.
Like, Dragon Quest is that series that hasn't changed a lot.
I mean, okay, they have the pep system in there now,
and you can run around in spots.
They haven't changed where, like, Final Fantasy XIII radically changed the battle system, right?
And some people liked it, some people hated it.
Dragon Quest XI didn't do that to you.
It's still, you know, fight, item, run, you know, those basic types of things.
That is the JRPG a lot of people want to play.
Exactly. Square Enix.
So, you know what? Well, I mean, Dragon Quest XI is a Square Enix game.
I know, but they have a whole other series of games called Final Fantasy,
where they're like, no, let's change up the battle system yet again.
Well, I think that's the difference between these two franchises.
Final Fantasy is going to be a little different,
and it's going to push the envelope with graphics and sound and all that,
whereas Dragon Quest XI is going to be, you know, the tired and true.
And that's not to knock it at all.
Like, I'm enjoying the story so far.
They put voice acting in it, which the Japanese version didn't have.
Did you know that?
There's some hilarious tweets that are like, where's the Japanese voice acting?
Punchline. There wasn't any.
They added the voice acting for the U.S. version.
This is the international version, you know, because it's been out in Japan for a year.
So they added the voice acting in for the U.S. version.
They didn't release the Switch version, though, which is interesting,
because there is a Switch version, or supposed to be.
No, I think there is one in Japan.
For whatever reason, they didn't release it here yet.
I don't know if the voice acting had something to do with that or what it is.
There's also a 3DS version they didn't release here,
which is interesting.
You know, again, maybe because they would have had to not be able to add some of the stuff they did.
I don't know. I can only play the game that they did release, which is on PlayStation 4.
And again, if you like Dragon Quest games, this game will satisfy you.
However, I'm going to read this game on one thing.
I'm going to tell you what the worst part of the game is.
And this might surprise you.
Because this is the part of the game...
I can't think of a game in a long time
where I've said this is the worst part of the game.
You ready? You know what the worst part of Dragon Quest XI is?
The soundtrack.
That's right. And I know.
They have an old-school composer that's been doing this franchise for a long time.
They have a symphonic rendition that opens the game,
except once you're in the game, you no longer have the symphonic renditions.
It's like a MIDI rendering.
Honestly, the game fucking sounds like it's on my AdLib sound card in 1994.
Which, I guess in some ways is kind of cool, but this is Dragon Quest XI, people.
And the songs are just...
They're not good.
It relies a lot on the retro kitsch of
we've been doing this stuff the same way for a long time.
Even retro songs can sound good.
Yeah, it doesn't here, Logie. It just doesn't.
So that's the one part of the game I'm going to read.
Not everybody's going to agree with me there.
Some people haven't already on Twitter, and that's fine.
But for me, I just wanted more out of the soundtrack,
especially when you have such a name behind...
Why didn't they do the symphony for everything?
It probably cost a lot of money. I don't know.
But I do know Final Fantasy, even though nothing was wrong with Nobui Matsu per se,
they've used some newer, some different composers lately,
and there's been some great music still produced for Final Fantasy.
Especially in the case of Final Fantasy XIV.
Y'all know I love XIV's soundtrack.
XIV is doing it right.
Dragon Quest XI is doing it wrong.
So, anyway.
Bobby wanted you to review Ready Player One.
Oh, yeah. Okay.
Yeah, well, and this is for your benefit, too.
Okay, so going back to Dragon Con, I stayed an extra day this year
so that I wouldn't be rushing back on Labor Day.
And this way I also got to see Bobby in Jennifer's house
because I didn't get to see that when I was out there for the wedding.
And I think I'm allowed to talk about this.
If not, sorry.
But I think he did say I could talk about his theater.
So he actually converted part of his basement into a theater, and it's nice.
He has 4K projection.
He has the couches that Jamie has in her house,
with the big old cup holders and things like that that are movie recliner seats.
He has that, but he has them on the steps
so that he actually has a back row and a front row.
So it's like a movie theater, so it's like a six-seat movie theater.
And so he actually played a little bit of Horza Horizon 3
on that 4K projector on his Xbox One X.
And I was like, this is hot.
This is really hot.
This is the way to game. This is awesome.
So, of course, we had to watch something.
Let's put that movie theater to use, right?
Bobby has a guest over. Let's do something.
So we decided to watch Ready Player One because I still hadn't seen it.
I will give you this, Loki. It didn't suck. I didn't hate it.
It's kind of like how you felt about Nintendo's press conference.
I didn't hate it.
It was fine. I wasn't like, oh my god.
But I was like, okay, for a big popcorn, fun, dumb movie,
I was like, it was cool. I was into it.
It's not going to win any Oscars.
Of course not.
But for dumb, fun popcorn, it was cool.
Some of those scenes, the graphics, the visuals,
that racing scene right in the very beginning, that was really impressive.
They did a lot of stuff with that that was really cool.
It was a long movie. That was one thing I noticed.
It really started to be long.
There were some issues with the plot, but nothing too much.
Well, they kind of abridged it from the book.
I heard they really changed it.
That's not really an excuse, though, because the author of the book
also kind of helped write the screenplay.
Bobby points out that his studio, and I always forget this,
his theater has Dolby Atmos sound with two speakers in the ceiling,
so the race sounds amazing. It did.
That's probably part of what really made it.
Now, here's the thing.
Going back, we made the right choice,
and we really do need to watch Ready Player One.
Here's the thing.
If I do this again next year, and I stay an extra day next year,
not that I'm inviting myself to Bobby's house next year,
but there's a part of me that says he probably wouldn't care.
I feel like the movie we should have watched is Tron Legacy.
Well, yes.
So maybe that'll have to be next year's selection.
I don't know, assuming there's no...
Because now I'm like, oh, wow, I wonder what...
You know, thinking about racing scenes and sound and everything like that,
I'm like, oh, God, Tron Legacy would have been so badass.
Anyway.
Oh, Bobby Blackwolf says,
I only have Tron on DVD, and DVDs don't look the best on that screen,
even upscaled.
Tron Legacy doesn't have the Atmos sound mix,
but I'd still use 5.1.
And he's officially invited me in chat to stay again after DragonCon next year.
I have the original Tron on Blu-ray and the Tron Legacy on Blu-ray.
Yeah, I was gonna say, I could actually bring my...
I do have Tron, because I bought that big pack...
Yeah, the collector's edition.
That had, like, all the Trons in it.
All two of them.
Well, no, I said all the Trons, because it had the original Tron,
Tron Legacy, and it had the Tron Legacy 3D disc in it, too.
Yes.
They were on separate discs.
The 2D and 3D were separate.
Still haven't watched that yet on my PlayStation VR.
Yeah.
So, all right.
So, anyway.
Where were we?
So, yes, that was another thing I got to do while I was visiting Bobby.
So, other games.
We still have news to get into.
This is what happens when we miss two weeks.
Sorry.
Anyway.
I've been playing Heroes of the Storm, Overwatch as well, continuing on those.
That's all I need to say about that.
I've been playing the new World of Warcraft expansion.
I don't know what the fuck came over me, but I was just like...
Final Fantasy XIV is kind of in a lull right now.
There are big patches until Tuesday, and, like,
I'm not really playing online with anyone in that game right now,
and all I see on Twitter are all my friends playing World of War...
Wow, what the fuck?
I'll just renew World of Warcraft.
I'll play that for a little bit.
And the expansion is fine.
But, like, the Horde zone that I'm playing in, Zandalar or whatever,
with the big, like, Mayan temple-inspired thing,
it's a bitch to navigate,
and I hate that you don't have flying in a zone like that.
That's my, like, I know that's, like, a weird criticism,
but that's, like, my one criticism so far,
is that, like, I hate the zone design.
I guess that's the criticism.
I hate the zone design of that zone.
Maybe it gets better.
Everybody tells me the Alliance one is way better.
I mean, I don't know how much of that is faction bias or whatever,
but I'm just saying, since I started with the Horde character,
I wasn't too impressed with that particular zone.
But what I am impressed with is that I'm, like, dang,
like, here's a cinematic, there's a cinematic,
here's another cinematic.
I remember when, like, the WoW cinematic was your reward
for, like, beating the Lich King, the final boss in the game.
You got a cinematic, and you got your one cinematic.
Now it's, like, dang, they have one, like, for every little thing that happens.
And I thought the scenarios that really explain the backstory
about why we're on these new islands
and why the Horde and Alliance are super fighting again,
I thought that was really well done as well.
Except the one thing I don't understand,
and maybe this is just because I didn't play Legion to completion,
so I will fault myself for this a little bit,
but one thing I kind of didn't understand is, like,
why did Sylvanas just all of a sudden become, like, a crazy person?
Like, I understand maybe she was, like, a little crazy before,
but why is she all of a sudden, like, really fucking me?
It kind of feels like a rehash of what happened to Garrosh in Pandaria,
and so that's the only reason why I'm kind of calling it out,
is I feel like I'm, like, this feels like territory we've been to before.
Is Sylvanas going to be the last boss of the expansion?
Because if so, that's kind of dippy, because we've seen that before.
So we'll see, though. That's a very minor read.
I don't know. We'll see how long I stick with it,
but so far I guess I'm having a good enough time with it. We'll see.
Anyway, that's it. That's it for my gaming week.
Okay, we're going to get into news, but I need to go over one other topic.
So this is, not everybody's heard this yet,
so one thing, we did announce a DragonCon at one of the panels,
and so we talked about it a little bit in Discord,
which you can join our Discord anytime at vognetwork.com slash Discord,
and it was on Twitter and so forth,
but I realize there are many of you out there
who only download the Orange Rounds Radio podcast every week,
and you don't necessarily interact with the show a lot outside of listening to it,
which is cool. Like, I'm super happy that you're listening,
so thank you, thank you for downloading the show and just giving it a try in the first place.
So I realize there's a lot of you that haven't heard the news, so what is the news?
The news is that Orange Rounds Radio is going to be moving a little bit
by the end of the year. I don't have a date yet.
It's not, vognetwork is still a thing, so it's not that kind of move.
What is going to be changing is that we're no longer going to be using Shoutcast
as the platform that we do our live presentation on Sunday nights.
So really, since 2002,
this is something that hasn't changed since 2002 when OLR started.
For the past 16 years, you used Shoutcast, a Winamp-type plug-in, to do this show.
I mean, technically in the live 365 years we had a live,
but it was a fancier Shoutcast plug-in. That's all it was, okay?
So we've used Shoutcast to deliver this show for 16 years.
And y'all know if you do the same thing the same way all the time,
you're going to get the same results.
And we're not getting a lot of new listeners to OLR.
You know, we get some, and I'm very thankful.
Some of you take to heart what I say at the end of every show,
and you do tell a friend or two about the show.
Some people find us through social media or when we're live.
But we haven't really, really expanded our audience a lot in several years.
And so I think in order to do that,
I think we're going to have to really evaluate is Shoutcast really the best platform,
or is there another thing that could give us greater visibility?
Is there another thing that could really expand the reach and accessibility
of something like OLR and Bobby Black Wolf and Anime Jam Session
and the other live shows that are on VOG Network?
And so we made a decision that we're going to change from a Shoutcast show
to a Twitch show. That's right, Twitch.
So same thing that a lot of people stream their video games on,
but you also know they have an IRL channel,
and they do channels where people will tape live shows.
Sometimes these are like podcasts.
Sometimes it's the host kind of BSing with their audience for a while.
That's the type of thing that it is.
So instead of using Shoutcast to deliver the show, it's going to be Twitch.
However, there's always going to be people,
especially after you've done something one way for 16 years,
there's always going to be people that are like,
but change, but I like the old way. This is what works for me.
Well, here's the thing. We want to try something new.
And so this is going to be a new thing that we're trying.
But I don't want you to feel like the show is going to change. It's not.
Yes, there will be video available on Twitch.
You will see video of us doing a radio show.
So I want to make that very clear.
Orange Launch Radio is not becoming...
No!
Said Jamie.
Actually, Jamie, we wouldn't have done this if Jamie wasn't cool with it.
She's fine with it, you know?
And remember, y'all, we've already done this.
We did this when Justin TV was a thing.
And OLR, like the show that you're hearing, didn't change.
It was just that, oh, you could watch it on Justin TV.
I need some better lighting in here.
Yeah, this room's going to change a little bit before that happens.
But we'll get there.
Anyway, my point is that because I don't want people to be freaked out.
They're like, oh my God, Orange Launch Radio is going to change.
It's a TV thing now. I can't watch it.
That's okay. We're still recording a podcast.
And it's still going to be the same podcast that you're used to.
Because I'm very aware that there's some of you out there who are blind
or have sight impairments and so forth.
And so when I say that we're moving to a video-based platform,
you might get a little nervous.
But I want to try to ease your fears a little bit saying that the way we produce
and what we're talking about with this show, that's not going to change.
The way we put together OLR and all that, that's not going to change.
It's just like our chat room will be a Twitch chat room.
And instead of using TuneIn to listen to Orange Launch Radio,
you will use the Twitch app, which is available on your phone,
available on your PlayStation, your Xbox.
It's available a lot of places.
So that's another reason why Twitch is pretty appealing.
So I hope you will at least give it a shot.
I don't have a date for that when that's all going to happen yet.
For those of you that don't interact with us live,
you only download the podcast every week and check it out.
I really don't think for you anything's going to change at all.
I really don't because it's still going to be the same show.
It's just that instead of being shoutcast on Sunday night,
it's going to be on Twitch Sunday night.
That's the only change.
But I think with a lot of the discoverability features that Twitch has in,
a lot of the features when it comes to,
some of you have been generous enough to say,
I would love to help you guys pay your bills.
I would love to be able to help Jamie buy more games
or help fund Loki's project.
Obviously I'm being a little bit facetious,
but you guys have been kind enough to say,
I want to support the show financially.
And I've always been very skittish about things like Patreon
because I don't want you paying upfront
for a service that we then have to deliver on.
Because, for example, last week we had to cancel the show due to illness.
If you'd paid money for that show,
I'm sure most of you would be understanding,
but there would be people that would feel a little bit like,
I paid for something I didn't get.
But the nice thing about the Twitch and the subscriptions
and the bits and things like that is that you can tip us if you want.
You don't have to.
If you want, you can do that.
I will not be interrupting the show to read bit donate.
We have an idea on how we're going to do that.
We will acknowledge those of you that choose to do that.
We're just not going to do it the way other Twitch streamers have done it.
And I'll leave it at that.
Or I should say traditionally do it.
We'll leave it at that.
But it's because, again, the radio show has not changed.
It's not going to stop every five seconds to say,
oh, thanks for the bits.
Act F to appreciate it.
I'll still read chat comments because we've always done that.
But I just won't stop to read those types of things.
But also the subscriptions will hopefully allow us to give you something new
that you haven't been able to get before.
Again, I want to stress you're not going to have to pay
for OLR's audio podcast feed that you've always gotten for free.
That's not going to change.
You guys know I'm not going to do that to you.
But it will allow us to offer something additional to subscribers.
And if you use your deductive thinking to think about what is going to be different
on Twitch versus Shoutcast, you can probably piece together what might be extra.
I'm not wearing any pants.
You'd probably be correct on what you're going to get.
But I'll leave it at that because, officially,
we haven't worked all that out yet, officially.
Anyway, I've been turning away from chat because I haven't been totally paying attention.
I want to read some of the comments here at chat over at live.vognetwork.com.
bonds006 says, I listened to the music stream.
Not as much now, but I used it a lot in the past.
I respect that.
And I'm sorry that we are having to sunset that.
I will point out the radio costs us a lot.
The music stuff is in a gray area.
I'm not sure we should be playing.
I'm not sure that music feed should exist.
So another part of the reason we're doing this is to get us out of that legal gray area
because that will also enable us to do some extra things that we've wanted to do.
And I hope you guys will understand.
Let's see.
Other comments in chat at live.vognetwork.com.
rageator in chat says, FYI, although I can't tip very often because poor,
I tip people from time to time on Twitch and I can get bits easily due to watching ads.
Yeah, exactly.
Again, this isn't about money.
This is not about money.
It's not about money.
It's not about money.
Because if we haven't made money in 16 years and we're still doing it.
It's not like we've started a Kickstarter or anything.
Exactly.
We can't do this show.
Here's the thing.
So here's the thing.
If you want to watch ads and tip us biddies, that is so awesome.
I'm so thankful and cool.
But you know what you can do on Twitch for free?
Hosts, making clips and sharing those clips on social media.
And all of that will be worth just as much as biddies, if not more, honestly.
So please don't feel any type of financial obligation to this show.
Puba in chat says, centralized feed, chat and financial support.
And all in all, a bigger platform for exposure.
This is a no brainer.
So happy for you all.
Thank you, Puba.
That's definitely in the right direction as to why we're making this change in the first place.
Let's see.
Also trying to get some of the other comments here in chat at live.vognetwork.com.
Tiger Conchet says, I'm using a service called Restream which allows me to broadcast on multiple platforms all at once.
So I'd have a stream on Twitch, Mixer, YouTube, Gaming, even Periscope.
The plan is to go to Twitch affiliate status with VOG Network.
And so the affiliate contract would not allow that.
We could put clips on YouTube and things like that.
I am going to, I think it's safe for me to tell you, that is not in our plan.
We will not be putting today, it's not in our plan today.
I'm a never say never type of person.
But we may do delayed clips on those services in the future, but that's not the plan.
The plan is to go all in on Twitch.
For now.
And if that doesn't prove to be the right thing to do, then we might change it later.
But again, the Twitch affiliate agreements wouldn't allow us to use the restreaming thing.
It's only going to be on Twitch.
Let's see, one other thing, let's see.
TigerClawnChat says on Twitch you can do reruns, so if you did a live show you can have Twitch rebroadcast it since those are archived.
You're right, we could.
So, anyway.
Alright, thank you guys for your flexibility.
I will give you a date on that.
We're targeting by the end of the year, but as Loki hinted there, we have to make a lot of changes to studio.
We have to buy some new equipment, which my husband is currently unemployed, so that's a bit of a challenge.
But we are looking at hopefully in the next couple months we'll be there.
So the goal is by the end of the year.
So stay tuned to all the latest updates.
We'll be updating folks in our Discord as well as social media.
Again, because I can't stress this enough and I don't want people to freak out over change,
if you're listening to this on your podcast in your car on the way to work because you download this show on Monday morning,
I really don't think anything is going to change for you.
We're still going to just put out the show as we always have,
as we did when we were broadcasting on Justin TV for a short while that most of you probably forgot or didn't know about.
It's just that we're kind of going back to that a little bit, but this time it's all in on that.
Anyway, there you go.
Dungeonbuster in chat says, small steps forward, progress will come.
Yes, I agree. That is a good note to end on.
Alright, let's move on from there.
Enough meta stuff about us.
We're only like an hour and 20 minutes into the show and we've only talked about that in Nintendo Direct.
But there's other stuff going on, right, Loki?
Yes, there is. In fact, Nintendo Direct in Japan was a little bit different as well.
In fact, one game that's going to be coming to Nintendo Switch in Japan is Assassin's Creed Odyssey.
What? You may say, how can that possibly run on a Switch?
Well, it's going to be a cloud version of the game.
So basically what's going to happen is you're going to be able to stream it to the game console using, I guess, their cloud service.
And so that way you'll be able to get the same visuals that you would see elsewhere, but, you know, on a less powerful platform.
They're partnering with, I guess, a Taiwanese game streaming company called Ubitis Game Cloud.
It's going to cost players $20 to rent the game and stream it for 180 days.
And all you have to do is download the 45 megabyte client.
So, interesting that they're doing that.
Interesting that they didn't announce it here.
Is this something about Japan's internet structure versus ours?
I think theirs is better than ours.
Well, I wouldn't doubt that for a minute, but it's kind of interesting that they're focusing on Japan with that.
I think it's a really clever, cool little workaround.
Honestly, I know this isn't the popular concept, but gaming's kind of going this direction.
Future consoles, we've already heard rumblings that Microsoft may put out.
We don't know for sure, but Microsoft, in addition to whatever Xbox 2 Y console they're going to do in the future,
they may put out a very bare bones, there's been a lot of rumors about a bare bones streaming device that only does the streaming type of stuff.
And playing games in the cloud and all that.
And that's, you guys, it's 2018 and the Phantom is finally here.
The Phantom console, finally. Finally.
It's just so ahead of its time.
It's just ahead of its time.
Well, we laugh, but where's the lie?
Do you think that this is where games are? We're going to be playing games in the cloud.
I mean, sure, there's latency issues and things like that today, but internet's only going to get better, Loki.
Well, at least I hope my internet gets better by Tuesday when the tech comes so I can get back to live streaming, but anyway.
Yeah, I mean, what I would see with the new Xbox console is it not necessarily going to be something that is its own standalone streaming thing.
I could see them integrating it into TVs like you would see with the Roku device, like my TV has a built in Roku device.
And you can just stream it with that.
Or it could be an app that works with those devices so that you can stream through that and then you just sync your Bluetooth, Xbox One controller and away you go.
So I could see something like that.
Be interested in seeing how popular this is. I'm kind of curious to see how it works out.
It looked cool based on the demo and stuff.
So be interested to see what other games could come to the platform. And that might be an option for, you know, like Battlefield and Call of Duty and stuff like that.
Going to chat at live.voguenetwork.com, YYR says, get that streaming crap out of my video games. As someone who mostly plays arcade style fast paced games, I don't ever want to stream them.
Okay, sure. No, I get that. And like you can't stream music based games or any of that stuff. Like I totally get that.
But at the same time, what if the internet and all this cloud technology, what if the latency gets just as good on that as it does from the wireless controller to your television is today?
Because at the rate the technology is multiplying, I'm just saying, like, you know, we're not there yet. So it's tough to visualize.
But I imagine what in 10 years, the latency between your wireless controller and your TV is going to be just as fast as latency on your internet.
And so some of these issues will get better, I think, you know, but then again, you know, as I'm experiencing firsthand this week, a lot of that falls in the hands of somebody else.
And when that fails, it can be very frustrating. So I also can understand why people may not want to go all in on the cloud because maybe their internet is not going to be that reliable. So I get that.
And they're doing all they can right now to fight making it any better.
Yeah. And YYR does point out there's a lot of folks in rural communities who are stuck with crappy internet. So that's true.
So maybe this, you know, cloud streaming thing won't be for everybody. I just kind of feel like, I don't know.
It's a neat experiment. Let's see if it works.
Yeah. Even in rural areas, they have satellite. And yes, that's very expensive. But you know what? Mobile phones were really expensive for every minute when they first came out.
And you know, now everybody, like everybody has an iPhone or an Android in their pocket, almost there. I shouldn't say everybody, but you know, you're not paying for that technology, which you used to in the mid 90s, which for all intents and purposes was not that long ago.
That's kind of that's kind of where I'm going with this is that technology is going so fast. And it's hard to visualize where it's going to be in 10 years.
But like, if you consider the ground we've made in the next 20 years, I don't think it's unreasonable to think that even people in rural communities will get fast internet out of thin air in 20 years.
Because look at where we've come from 20 years ago to today. I guess. I guess that's my point.
Bobby Blackwell points out, excuse me, the budget phone X phone iPhone XR is $750. Well, that's why people are paying the monthly fees at this point to lease them like they're their cars or something like that.
But at the same time, get an I'm sure many people would say get an Android and that's fine. I don't like the whole anti iPhone or anti Android stuff. I think both having both is good.
Get a comparable Android device then if you want. I just iPhone 7 is going to be cheaper and cheaper.
Or I just like what am I really getting for that premium price? And that's not just Apple. That's just like any phone.
I mean, I love my iPhone 10. I really do. I'm not going to buy one of these new phones. It's not enough of an upgrade from what I already have to pay that price.
If I was still rocking my iPhone 6 Plus, then maybe I would, you know, which I was last year when I bought the 10, then maybe I would look into that.
But anyway, this is this is not the mobile phone podcast. We have plenty of other gaming stuff to get into.
But so would you would you be open to playing more games through streaming Loki?
No, because I've tried that even locally through my network to just play games streaming from my PlayStation 4.
Although I haven't tried it with the pro, so I'm not sure if that works any better now, but it has not been a satisfactory experience.
And so I will not be doing that in the future. Yeah. Although I may try it now with the pro that I think of it because my wife doesn't really watch Netflix all the time.
To register participation for this week's episode of Orange Lounge Radio at VoGnetwork.com, use the passphrase PEAK.
Well, let me move on to a different type of streaming. So I've talked a lot about Twitch, Twitch, Twitch.
But of course, Mixer is a player out there and, you know, Mixer's continuing to do their stuff through Microsoft.
And this is something pretty cool that sets Mixer apart, is that you are getting now in-game bonuses for Mixer streams for Forza Horizon 4.
No, the game isn't out yet, but the demo is. And so if you stream the demo online, the streamer and the viewer actually get in-game rewards from this.
Influence is kind of the scoring, the currency sort of in Forza Horizon.
You know, as you do tricks, you get more influence, you get fans and stuff like that.
Yeah. One way you can get influence is broadcasting and watching broadcast through Mixer. That's pretty cool.
Now, we have seen, I mean, it isn't brand new to have games influenced by live streams on Twitch and Mixer and other platforms.
But, you know, Forza Horizon 4 is a pretty big title, a pretty, you know, big like first party game to get something like this.
And I think it's really cool. So anyway, as long, everything has to be linked to your Xbox gamer tag.
And you get influence points every five minutes that you watch a feed. If you're streaming it, you get every two minutes.
The game itself, again, is out on September 28th. It will continue this.
But the demo that's going on right now is giving you some of like the pre-rewards with this.
So, you know, giving more reason to stream and kind of participate together. I think that's really cool.
Something that Forza is also doing, Forza Horizon 4, would be James Bond DLC.
That's right. There's going to be a Forza Horizon 4 pack that will bring ten of Bond's iconic cars to the game.
We don't know the exact cars yet, but we do know the best of Bond pack is going to be available when the game comes out.
So assuming there will be an Aston Martin and all this stuff.
Oh no, we do know the list. We don't know the price. So we do know some of them.
So we know, of course, Aston Martin, the 1964 DB5 and the 2015 DB10 will be there.
The BMW Z8 from The World Is Not Enough will be there as well.
So some of the iconic Bond cars will be there. We just don't know the exact price yet.
So, pretty cool. Yeah, I'm super hyped for Forza Horizon 4.
As if I didn't have enough to play right now, but here it is. September's here.
And now the ramp up to the end of the year begins where there's going to be stuff like every single week that's going to be something you want to play.
So, anyway.
Going to chat over at live.vognetwork.com, RageNator in chat says,
I hear that Mixer has been having major growing pains and stability issues to the point where streams have been totally unwatchable.
I haven't heard that, but I haven't used Mixer a lot. I did randomly watch it on my Xbox One the other night.
I was watching some of the stuff that Microsoft kind of puts together themselves.
They were actually doing a program about World of Warcraft, which I thought was interesting.
So, I mean, it's not like they're going to cover PlayStation games,
but I don't think they're going to ignore that, you know, Nintendo is out there,
especially when they've got these Minecraft play together things going on.
And, you know, PC. I mean, Microsoft still has a lot to win in the PC space.
So, it doesn't surprise me that they're talking about World of Warcraft for Windows, right?
So, all right. Anyway, moving on. Loki.
All right. Well, speaking of Microsoft, one of their properties, Alan Wake, is, I guess, expected to become a TV show.
So, that's different.
I haven't actually played Alan Wake. I know a little bit about it,
but neat to see that it's actually being turned into that.
So, I guess I'm going to continue off where the story, I guess, ended
and take place along with the inhabitants of Bright Falls.
They said the story of the original game is our starting point,
the seed of which we will expand our bigger story that we're exploring in the show.
We'll be expanding the lore of this crazy dark universe
and diving deeper into certain aspects of it than the game ever did.
Not only that, but through the years, we've worked on multiple game concepts
and stories for Alan Wake's world that have never seen the light of day.
All of this material will function as the potential source material for the show.
Neat.
Yeah, it seems a little late, seeing as this game was a little while ago.
I don't know if maybe there'll be a new Alan Wake game or something to kind of go with it.
But, I mean, I felt like I was playing a TV show when I played the game.
I think it is a game a lot of people slept on that's really good.
It was an episodic game.
It was very Twin Peaks-ish, and it even had its whole show-within-a-show type of thing that was going on.
I really would check this out. Why not? I think it would be very cool.
Alright, will you watch the Alan Wake TV show?
Probably not, just because I've never played the game.
I mean, I don't know.
You don't need to see the game to watch the show.
Maybe. I don't know.
Alright. Anyway.
Also, talking about streaming with Twitch and Microsoft.
Finally, a redesigned Twitch app for the Xbox One is on the way.
Some people were wondering were they going to bother because Microsoft is obviously going in on Mixer quite a bit.
But, nope, the answer is there are still people that are using Twitch on their Xbox One.
Hello, I'm one of them, actually. I use Twitch a lot on my Xbox One.
So I'm happy that they're finally updating with the PlayStation 4 version.
Right now, it's only part of the Insiders test group.
So you do have to be in the Insiders test group, which I think I'm in, but I don't have this.
I think I haven't opted into it yet.
I think you have to launch the whole actual, like, Insider app and then enable it.
So, maybe that's what I need to do.
But, some of the things that will be in this will be live video previews so that you can see the live streams while you browse.
Which, the desktop version of this does this automatically.
Sometimes annoyingly so.
Like, right when you go to the Twitch front page, you get somebody's stream and let's just hope they're not screaming.
You can also see chat on offline videos, which is really cool.
Especially since, you know, maybe this pre-recorded stream thing is something I'm going to have to do for a little bit until these upload issues get fixed.
So, the fact that you can do the chat after the fact is pretty cool.
And, yeah, just do some improved stability and some additions there on the Twitch app.
So it's going to kind of bring it up to parity with the PlayStation 4 version, to which I say good.
And I hope they're also future-proofing it by putting the tag system into it and some of that stuff.
Because the communities are not in the Xbox One version right now.
And I don't think it's in the PlayStation 4 version either.
And that kind of bothers me because I do like to look in community tags a lot.
Like Small Streamer, Twitch, Unity, those types of tags.
I like to look in those a lot to try to find new people.
And you can't do that on the consoles today.
So I do hope, you know, we know that those are going away in favor of the tagging system, which is going to be similar.
I really hope that the apps will have the tagging stuff built into it.
That would make me very happy.
Anyhow, a few more stories before we get into the Classic Game of the Week.
Loki.
One game I forgot to mention that I did play this week, Pokmon GO.
I'm playing quite a bit of that.
But you could be playing even more of that in some of these regions throughout the world.
Brazil and Korea, they have opened up the ability for players to nominate new Pokstops in those regions.
I'm guessing because there isn't a lot of them there.
But apparently they said for level 40 trainers in Brazil and Korea, you'll be able to submit different locations and objects through the app settings menu.
To actually pin locations that could possibly become Pokstops in the future.
And eventually they will open it up wider as they roll it out.
I'm assuming kind of like they did with Ingress where it will be available for lower level trainers.
And then for more regions I'm assuming.
So this is kind of just a little bit of a test bench.
And then right now they're saying, of course we've seen different sponsored Pokstops, Sprint and Starbucks.
But they're hoping that according to the CEO.
Fostering these moments of discovery and exploration is the foundation of what we do.
The world is a big place and the only way we can find the very best locations for inclusion in our game is with the help of its players.
So you ready for me to say something that not everybody is going to like?
As an Ingress player I'm not really a big fan of this at all.
Here's the thing, before you come at me with your pitchfork and torches.
I realize that a lot of rural players, and I'm not trying to be elitist.
So please let me explain myself here.
Because you know I hate that elitism and stuff so let me explain why.
Ingress is a very player versus player game.
It is extremely player versus player.
To the point where people on the other team, I don't really interact with an awful lot.
Because if they know where I am, they know the targets I can hit.
And it's the same thing with them because that is how PvP that game is.
Those of you playing Pokmon GO, Mystic versus Valor versus Instinct for all the shit talking that goes on amongst those teams.
That is not PvP.
In fact it's quite the opposite.
You need people of the other team to help you out, to knock you out of gyms if you want your 50 coins.
Like if the people are not there to fight you, you're not going to get your own rewards.
So this is the reason why.
I am completely fine with new Pokstops being added into Pokmon GO and only Pokmon GO from the Pokmon GO players.
I do not want to see those Pokstops become Ingress portals.
Because since you know, and keep in mind I'm not just a level 16 Ingress player which is the max.
I'm a level 39 which is one level below max Pokmon GO player.
If somebody puts a Pokstop on their house, I mean it doesn't really hurt anything.
That's fine, it's a Pokstop, whatever.
I mean some might say game balance blah blah blah.
Whatever, it's not as big of a deal as a portal in Ingress going on your house.
And now people are going to be like attacking, trying to field from it.
And they're doing strategic things where it's like I'm going to manipulate the fuck out of this portal because I live on top of it and I don't even have to like travel at all.
Because that is already a problem in some regards today.
And that problem is only going to get worse if we get shitty Pokstop submissions in Ingress.
You know what I mean?
So again, and I want to make myself very clear.
I am fine if Pokmon GO players create Pokstops that are only in Pokmon GO.
But since they're having the Ingress OPR system review these, I'm a little nervous that they're going to cross over into Ingress at some point.
Now, the way it is now, I'm still okay with it. Why?
Because the Ingress players who understand the PvP, who are not going to allow these portals to go into places where they're going to have portal battles and so forth going on.
They're going to continue to not allow that stuff.
And so hopefully that will fix some of the real problem.
But if they allow Pokmon players to start doing the review and those things go into Ingress, Ingress is going to be ruined.
Mark my words.
So maybe I'm just being that old codger that fears change.
Ingress 2.0.
Yeah, but it's still the same game.
So anyway, that's just my take on that.
And I'm sure you know what?
Many of you don't give a shit about Ingress.
That's cool.
But please recognize that I do.
And I made friends through the game.
And so yes, I really do not want to see my game get screwed up.
And we also, right now we don't know how the Harry Potter game is going to play.
No, we don't.
Because if that's very PvP.
Yeah, it very well could be.
Then you're going to regret some of these decisions and stops.
Yeah, you really are.
So anyway.
We'll play, I bet, four way PvP too with that game.
I do think though, the way they've implemented it now,
OPR is already so backlogged.
I can access Ingress OPR and I can review portals and stuff.
And I have.
Actually I think I have 960 agreements last I checked.
So I've reviewed a lot of portals.
I've seen some of the bullshit people submit.
I've seen toilets.
I've seen cats.
I've seen the picture of somebody's hand saying I'm just testing this to see if it works.
I've seen all the bullshit in there.
And I've seen some really rad stuff too.
And I've seen stuff in the middle of fucking nowhere that's pretty awesome.
I've seen trail markers on places I probably would never go.
And sign boards that explain a vista point in places I'll probably.
You know, that's all rad.
And that's the type of stuff I hope to continue to see and all that stuff and so forth.
But anyway.
Where was I going with all this?
Where was the old man going?
Don't fuck up our shit.
No, it's that they don't really give a lot of incentive for Ingress players to review in OPR.
And so I feel like this is just going to backlog an already backlogged system.
Can't get a bad Joe.
Niantic just needs to probably hire some people to do some of the reviews internally.
And on top of that, I've submitted nice photos for those Pokestops and the Ingress locations.
Especially when we have old ass photos on there.
And sometimes they get voted up and they're used.
But sometimes it doesn't seem like they use the new photos to help them.
Let me get to some comments in our chat at live.vognetwork.com.
Captain Spike from the wonderful Game Buoy podcast says, Gamebuoy.org says,
I don't know though, isn't this mostly about other regions where the community is currently not being served?
It feels like this opens the game up to communities that maybe currently aren't able to participate due to their locations.
I realize Ingress isn't as popular. It's available in all these same areas.
But sure, some of these rural places are probably not as well accounted for.
But the system is this way now.
But you guys don't think it's going to roll out beyond...
It's going to be worldwide at some point. It really is.
So maybe they'll geofence it so that it's really only rural places.
I don't know, but I'm just kind of worried that it's going to get unleashed on everybody.
What it is for now is a test, but that's kind of what it is.
So they're only allowed to submit in those locations?
They're only allowed to submit in Brazil and South Korea right now.
Limiting it to players in those locations because I can see someone, oh hey, I'm a player.
Remember how when the brand new nearby system rolled out, you only saw it in San Francisco in the beginning?
Yes.
Because it's like that. It was geofenced in that cell.
The Charlie 2, which are...
See, I'm relating it to Ingress.
So that geofence was the exact same fence because Davis was included in some of those places.
It was the exact same fence that makes up the Charlie 2 cell in Ingress.
That was the location you could see the nearby stuff in Pokmon GO.
Anyway, cool story.
Let's see, and Bobby Blackwell says, wasn't it Russia that just got Pokmon GO released this week?
Yes, that is true. They just got Pokmon GO finally this week.
So anyway, I'm sure not everybody's going to agree with my thoughts, but please try to consider this other game that I have invested a lot of time into.
Again, this is all I'm saying. I do not want the Pokmon GO stuff to go back into Ingress.
That is it.
If the Pokmon GO community wants to add every...
Every rock is a Pokstop and everything, everywhere, every mailbox is a Pokstop, fine.
Go for it.
But keep it in that game.
Do not bring it to the PvP game that is Ingress.
That's what I'm saying to make that very, very, very clear.
All right.
CaptainSpike says, gameboi.org, but I appreciate your concerns and I'm sure balance issues will arise for a time.
But to me, this seems like growth that overall should be healthy for all of their IP based software as having more players keep them going.
As long as the submissions are legitimate, yes.
But let me tell you the frustration of somebody's fucking tree in their grandma's house front yard being a portal in Ingress.
Or a fake horse.
It is something that holds down all of these different...
Because one team knows that's their grandma's house and that's...
They can control that as much as they want and it fucks up the balance of the game.
Like that is a perspective that is very hard for me to explain to a Pokmon GO player.
That is how the balance of the game can be very fucked up if anything and everything becomes a Pokstop.
Absolutely I want more rural players to have all their Pokstops.
I really do.
And I want rural players to have Ingress portals.
I do.
I want them to be legitimate.
Every park should be littered with this shit.
I'm so for that.
Historical sites. Public access.
Yes, I'm all for that stuff.
Residential property. Fuck. No.
That's my concern.
Hopefully that makes sense.
I have a pretty particular looking tree, perhaps.
All you have to do is put googly eyes on it, Loki.
I'm going to.
It only took us like three fucking years to get that portal removed in Ingress.
That story, that was a true fucking story that I just explained.
Anyway, let's move on.
I got one more story for you guys and it has to do with breaking the law, breaking the law.
EA is breaking the law.
No, legit, they are legit.
Yeah, I know.
In Belgium, here's the deal.
We know the Belgian government, because we heard about this with Overwatch, because they had to change the system and so forth.
Belgium declared loot boxes to be a form of gambling.
Well, EA has come out with FIFA 19, just came out recently and just basically said,
we are not going to change the pack.
EA did not modify FIFA's randomized card pack loot boxes.
EA says that the games were developed and implemented ethically and lawfully around the world.
They do not agree that the games are considered as any form of gambling.
Basically...
We're making too much fucking money from this and your little pitiful fines are going to stop us from making all of the money.
EA is doing something that I feel, in my opinion, the president does on Twitter all the time.
If I say something enough, it'll be true.
So that's what's happening, right?
EA is saying, it's not gambling.
It's not gambling.
That's their defense.
If EA says it enough, maybe it'll be true.
Just like, it's not collusion, it's not collusion.
Right?
It's a similar thing.
If I say it enough, maybe it'll be true.
I'm going to get hate mail for that one, but deal with it.
But the reality is, at the end of the day, you are selling a product in this country,
and if you're not following the country's rules, they're going to pursue and kick you out, basically, of being able to sell games in the country,
possibly fine you because you've been making money off the citizens.
I hope they fine them a lot.
Well, what's happening is that the Belgian government has launched, according to reports,
has launched a criminal investigation into EA because they have not modified the system.
This is according to the Metro publication.
It's a publication in Belgium.
They are being subject to a criminal investigation by the Brussels Public Prosecutor's Office.
The case will go to court if they choose to prosecute.
Finland is also looking into these loot boxes as well, so more countries will hopefully jump on board.
It's terrible.
Seriously, I don't play a lot of these sports games that these are still in because they're not taking them out of the sports games.
They may take them out of Star Wars and out of Battlefield and stuff like that,
but you've got to understand that this Ultimate Team shit, they're making bank off of this shit.
They're making so much bank that they're not going to fucking compromise that.
When my Xbox account got stolen on my Xbox 360, and it was like 10 years ago and I still haven't gotten over it,
the thief used my card to buy a bunch of FIFA shit.
This stuff is huge around the world, even if it's not as big in the US, so it's a little harder to picture.
I know some people are into it, certainly here in the US, but it's not Fortnite.
But in other countries, FIFA is the game.
But NBA 2K19, for example, totally different company, same shit.
The game is just so pay-to-win, even.
You buy the collector's edition, you get 100,000 of it's even called virtual currency
because they couldn't think of an intelligent name for it, virtual currency.
You get 100,000 of it to help build your stats of your character in the game to be a better player.
Otherwise, you've got to grind through the game.
And they're like, oh, it's player choice. This way, you don't have to grind as hard and stuff.
But the problem is, you built the fucking grind into the game in the first place.
You're not helping people, you're creating the problem and then also creating the solution for the problem that costs money.
But people will pay it because, I don't know.
It's the same reason why people will pay $1200 for a phone.
Well, you can imagine social media has lit up about this and pretty much most of what people are saying about EA.
They're basically saying to Belgium, they're saying, yes, drag her, expose her, arrest her.
That's basically what social media is saying to EA.
Drag them, get them.
Because I think most people have just had it with loot box shit.
They've just had it with loot box shit and they want to see EA have to answer for it.
If you want to make these games free to play, make FIFA a free to play game that you can just go download for free.
Hey FIFA 19, it's a free game, go download it. NBA 2K 19, it's a free game, go download it and they have loot boxes in it.
I have no fucking problem with that.
I'm just surprised EA had a year to think about how to make these buku bucks instead of the loot boxes and they kind of failed to do it.
So now they're just sticking to their guns and I really think EA is going to get kicked out of Belgium for this.
I think this is where this ends.
EA products will be banned in Belgium.
I don't think they'll fucking care because they're probably going to lose.
It's just Belgium.
They're going to lose less money just like whatever.
Sorry. You know what's sad? I know we have listeners in Belgium that listen to this show and I just want to say, even if EA doesn't appreciate you, I appreciate you.
Okay? And your chocolate and your waffle and all the stereotypes.
It's a calculated risk. They understand what they're making from this.
They don't want to give any of that up because it's tons of fucking money for doing essentially nothing.
And that's what they're going to do. They're going to play this out because what's the worst that's going to happen?
They're going to maybe have to pay a small fine and maybe they can't sell their game.
Oh no. The Twitter says they're going to arrest the CEO.
They're not going to arrest anything.
He's going to rot in Belgium jail.
As much as I would love to see that, that's never going to happen.
Drag her. Expose her. Say it, Logie.
Drag her. Expose her.
Drag her. Expose her.
As much as it's never going to fucking happen, we can't arrest people over here for like actual crimes and get them to the jail.
I mean, it's never going to fucking happen.
All right. Anyway, on that note, let's, uh, let's go.
Let's go to a time when, you know, video games were for everybody, including people in Belgium.
Let's go to the classic game of the week or acid is the classic peripheral of the month.
Uh, y'all know we use radio magic to make this happen and, uh, get dark Sakura with us here every week on the show.
But I do want to let you know, just due to us being unexpectedly off last week, see, we had calibrated our radio magic to work last week.
And, uh, unfortunately due to an error in the space time.
You know what? Fuck it. The real story is we recorded it last week, so you have to hear it this week.
So if you hear some things that are a little bit out of sync, that's why.
That being said, radio magic.
So let's take a trip through space and time to visit with dark Sakura or Jamie Summers.
Oh, hi.
Hi. How are you?
I'm okay.
I feel like it's been a while between, uh, our week off and, uh, you know, the, the mess up a couple of weeks ago.
It's been a little while.
Yeah, a bit, a bit, a bit.
Uh, can you tell us quickly in 15 seconds, what have you been doing in the past three weeks?
Playing Wow.
Okay. That, that sums it up.
Going to work, being sick, playing pinball.
We have a theater magic.
Oh, congrats on that.
And it was the first time I've arranged a pinball purchase myself from ground up.
She's a business woman.
Dan was very proud of me and it has nothing wrong with it.
He's like, I don't know what to do with the machine.
I don't have to work on.
So, um, it's going to make me broke for the month.
Real quick. Cause I know it's going to come up on OLR tonight.
I don't even know if you know this yet.
Did you hear about the Valley Williams license?
Uh, it was announced that the creators of Zen pinball actually have that.
So it's going to come to pinball FX three, even though it was in the farsight studios game, the pinball arcade.
So it was kind of, kind of surprising that I get, well, I mean it's like surprising, but not surprising.
That's cool.
Yeah. So I played, they have, what's the, what's the table you can play right now?
Cause they just played earlier this week.
The fish fishing, something real fish, real fishing, something like that.
I don't know.
I also played the getaway.
I'm just thinking of fish tales, which was an older one.
It was like from the nineties.
Yeah. We have the getaway.
Okay. Yeah. Oh, okay. That's a, you can play that one too. Anyway.
No, I mean literally I have that machine, that table.
Yeah. I think I remember playing it at your house.
So you have to, you have to play the pinball FX one and see how it compares.
But anyway, I mean, we've been talking about all sorts of news tonight.
We got to get into the classic game of the week.
That's what you're here to do is to school us.
Not a game.
Oh, Oh, what a twist.
Oh yeah. We're a little behind.
We got to catch up with the peripherals.
We're on September now.
We did, I did, I did, um, August.
Did we do August?
Yeah. I think August I did, um, the dance pads.
I don't know. I think because of the work snafu,
I think this might actually be August thing.
I will look up what month we're doing and you can talk about what we're
going to talk about. So what is the classic peripheral for the month?
What it ever it is.
The Sega 3d glasses, which I felt inspired to do wink, wink, wink, wink.
Anyway.
It might be a suggestion because I knew I was going to talk about VR
tonight. Cause I got to play Bobby's at dragon one.
So it was a little hint. So this is 1980s, VR.
They were also known as a Sega scope, 3d glasses. And in Brazil,
they were called Oculus 3d Rob.
Oh, Oculus Oculus, Oculus, Oculus rift roped.
And in Argentina, they were, I'm going to mispronounce this.
3d.
Okay.
If I remember right, if I, if I remember my Spanish from, from high school,
I think.
Okay. Okay.
But anyway, these were for the Sega master system and they would, uh,
create an illusion of 3d graphics in some games.
They weren't invented by the guy who did marble madness, Mark Cerny.
Um,
they use a shutter system to close the left and right lenses rapidly to
create a 3d effect.
Um,
the master system glasses can only be used with the original Sega master
system since it hooks up to the card port that does not exist on the master
system too.
Um,
it, uh, allows a 3d graphics in full color,
although it halves the frame weight because of the, uh,
the shutters and it can also produce a flicker.
It also does not work very well with non CRT televisions.
Um,
they came out first in the UK in October, 1987 for a 39 pound 95.
Um,
North American release came out later that year.
Um,
3d glasses were also released in Japan, November, 1987,
and they were bundled with Zaxxon 3d and then in Brazil and South Korea in
1989.
Now keep in mind, I guess for Brazil, you know,
cause the master system is still strong in Brazil.
It's a thing,
but the games that it's compatible with is Blade Eagle,
Line of Fire for a master system, of course, Maze Hunter 3d,
Missile Defense 3d, Outrun 3d, Poseidon Wars 3d,
Space Harrier 3d and Zaxxon 3d.
Um,
we have a pair.
We,
I think we now have a TV that it,
that it works with.
Um,
but they're kind of like those big eighties.
They look like,
like the over glasses that you wear over like prescription glasses,
but they're pretty cool.
Um,
but yeah,
that's,
that's the thing.
It is the,
uh, the glasses.
That's really all I can say about it cause it didn't really do for many games,
but you get kind of this blinking effect on the screen cause they're gonna try
to combine it.
It's almost the same way.
I think that it works on,
um,
the kind of the lenticular style,
right?
Like,
um, the 3ds does.
Yeah.
I think that with the shutters,
like,
um,
a lot of 3d TVs,
I think kind of use that same type of stuff now because I have a TV,
a 3d glasses that uses the shutter,
but it's all,
obviously the technology is very advanced,
so it's kind of faster.
You get the full frames and everything.
When you're looking at the screen though,
without the glasses.
Yeah,
it's a little funny cause you have one,
but actually what I was noticing,
you can stare at the screen like it's one of those,
um, stereo pictures.
You know what I'm talking about?
Can you see the whale or whatever it was?
Sailboat.
Sailboat.
Yeah.
More of a schooner.
But you can,
you can see it kind of hurts your eyes to do it for a while,
but like watching you cause obviously,
Oh my gosh,
y'all were using YouTube's.
Um,
but watching this guy play on YouTube,
like if I stare just right,
I can see it in the 3d.
So it's kind of,
yeah,
no glasses needed,
but it kind of hurts my eyes.
Yeah.
You don't want to like,
you know how like they always say your face will freeze that way.
I'm making that face.
I feel like my eyes are going to freeze.
It's like when I would save my 3d animal crossing screenshots,
they were actually two pictures.
Yes.
So it's the same effect.
It's magic.
Yes it is.
There it is.
All right.
So yeah,
there you go.
There it is.
Your classic peripheral of the month for September confirmed August was the
sewing machine.
Oh,
that's my gosh.
Time flies.
Anyway,
there it is.
The classic peripheral of the month,
the Sega scope 3d glasses.
Um,
we have a little extra time here for the segments.
Since that didn't take you very long.
Um,
what else should we talk about?
How has some house?
Wow.
Been treating you if,
if your journey,
your journey back,
I'm doing the Argus content.
Cause I kind of stopped playing for a little bit when that came out.
So I'm really enjoying it.
Cause it's all,
you know,
space,
self demon husband.
Um,
cause I'm an Illidan fangirl.
So I've really been enjoying it.
Um,
I'm really enjoying the stories.
Cool single area back.
Are you playing with the game boy boys or like kind of being a loner?
The only person who I've seen on was spike.
Okay.
So,
so,
um,
that spike gets around cause I saw him in overwatch the other day too.
So I got a cappuccino today that they put an overwatch symbol on and cocoa.
What?
It was at this,
um,
comic book store.
Oh,
Oh yeah.
I know that place.
The,
yes.
I think it's overwatch.
No,
the number one gaming podcast in town does stuff with that place.
So I'm not surprised at all.
Cause I know they're big overwatch fans over there.
So what?
Number one,
like P
no,
we're fans of everybody.
We just have to be a little,
you know,
I'm a shady fan.
Yeah.
But anyway,
in all seriousness,
I know what place you're talking about.
Yeah.
Yeah.
So that's really cute.
I like that.
So,
um,
I have,
I had an overwatch cappuccino and then,
um,
I saw the little mermaid at the crust theater and it was fun.
That's fun.
Um,
you know what you didn't see?
That makes me sad.
You did not see the mass effect voice actors panel that I did a dragon con and you need
to,
you need to,
uh,
I really,
really,
really bitter,
like bad coffee,
Rob.
I really,
really,
really want to get Courtney Taylor on the show.
She did the voice of Jack.
Um,
she's got this great chair.
I'll give it a shot.
I'm going to give this a shout out for free cause I love what she's doing.
Um,
I know her and I think it's Mary Elizabeth McGlynn,
uh,
put on this nerds vote.
Uh,
so they're trying to,
they go to conventions and they register nerds to vote.
Um,
you know,
cause it's all about getting people where they're,
they're not partisan.
They're not going to tell you to register one way or the other.
Make sure you get registered because,
um,
voting is like really important.
I'll tell you who to vote for.
Not right now though.
I know you will.
You reach out on Twitter and you'll happily say,
but I'm,
I'm pretty sure if you did reach out to these people,
they would have their own opinions too.
However,
we put all that aside to just get people registered so that their voices can be
heard.
Just like Mr.
voice is so loud right now.
He's probably picking up on the,
um,
microphone.
He's very upset about something.
All right.
Anyway,
he got boob perching time,
which by the way,
if you guys don't know,
Mr.
Smoosh will hang out like Mr.
Smoosh,
you know,
is usually not the pickup type of cat.
I can't pick them up.
Alan can't pick them up,
but Jamie can pick up Mr.
Smoosh because Jamie has a certain pair of boobs.
Yes,
she has boobs and triple D's.
Apparently you can stand on them.
Mr.
Smoosh is very clearly a straight cat because he loves the boobs.
I mean,
even gay men like,
I know I was gonna say,
actually I know a lot of gay men that loves boobs,
but he's,
you know,
he's very attached to your,
your breath.
I'm a little though angry with myself.
Speaking of gay things.
Okay.
Cause I have something for you at my house.
Have you,
I got unicorn cereal.
I think Kellogg's unicorn cereal.
You sent me the text yesterday.
It looks hilarious.
Yes.
It's on,
it's on my table.
I didn't go back home or I would have brought it.
What do unicorns taste like?
Rainbows and sheet cakes.
I played a unicorn card game today.
And I already forgot the name of it.
Is it exploding?
It's the,
it's the exploding kittens,
but the unicorn game.
Like farting unicorns or something?
No,
it's a magical unicorns or something.
I don't remember,
but I won.
It was fun.
Well,
I want to do a giveaway on the show.
I haven't decided what,
but I mean how,
how to do it,
but I know what I'm going to give.
There's,
there's always that point system on VOG for checking in and we haven't done the
giveaway on there forever.
I'm going to do a glitter pack from,
uh,
uh,
cards against humanity.
Oh,
you're going to actually send.
I have five of them and I'll give,
I'll give one to a listener if they don't suck.
Okay.
Well,
I do.
Do you want them to tweet you or how do you want to do that?
I'll figure it out.
Just know that it's coming.
Stay tuned for next week when Jamie like figures it out.
All right.
Anyway.
Mail the mailbox and make Rob check it.
He'll tell me.
Participate at orangeonsharing.com.
Okay.
We're also brought Rob candy.
We're here to wrap up the classic game of the week.
So the Sega 3d glasses.
Yes.
Yes.
All right.
Uh,
any last thoughts before we get back to the main show?
I want Chinese food.
That's it.
Thank you,
Jamie for the segment.
We miss having her here live in studio,
but I think she's going to be here at the end of the month.
Uh,
while she's still,
you know,
again,
if you are not already aware,
even though he said this on a show a million times,
she has a conflict with her,
you know,
paying day job schedule.
Unfortunately,
she has to work Sundays right now,
so she can't be with us during the live shows.
So we're trying to at least still include her,
uh,
through,
through the magic of radio,
uh,
with her classic game of the week segment.
And then,
um,
hopefully we'll,
you know,
be able to have her here at least once a month.
I know that's her plan.
Um,
we're going to get back into the show and we've still got a lot of news to
come.
We're running pretty long tonight,
so we're going to try to try to catch up here a little bit,
but we do still want to have plenty of time to take your calls.
Orange lounge radio on Skype,
uh,
a little later in the show.
Uh,
also just a couple of quick things cause it was asked about,
you know,
cause obviously this whole announcement about the Twitch move eventually,
um,
is,
you know,
caused a lot of chat,
which by the way,
one way I also kind of explained this to somebody that I think may help you
kind of understand where this is coming from,
you know,
why we're making a move like this.
Just think about this.
How many shout cast streams have you searched for to listen to in the past
month versus how many Twitch streams have you looked for?
And maybe the answer for you in particular is zero,
but ask about 10 or 20 of your nerd friends,
that same question.
And I think you'll completely like,
I think what's that?
Which show cast?
I know,
right?
Or are we talking about shot?
Are we talking about a commentating over video games?
Cause that's what they call that now.
You know,
one of Bobby's panels was about shout casting,
but it was not,
it was not the software.
It was that's comp.
That's what they call commentating over video games.
So that was actually a really fascinating panel,
by the way,
I wish,
I wish some of those would be online for you to listen to later,
but I guess this is part of the reason you have to be there.
Uh,
anyhow,
uh,
fifth dream says,
I forgot,
we'll vog still be on tune in.
Um,
no,
uh,
when this goes into effect,
uh,
the goal is that that will be sunset it actually that because tune in is
simply a shout cast directory,
basically for that.
Um,
and that will be sunsetted.
Um,
so that is part of the change,
uh,
that's going to,
uh,
be,
uh,
coming into play here.
Um,
but then,
uh,
what else did I want to say there with,
um,
the questions and so forth that we were getting,
um,
uh,
there was something else,
so I guess I'll think of it later.
Uh,
in the meantime,
let's get into some rapid fire news.
Uh,
Oh,
it was the Skype real quick.
Uh,
will we be able to show your video out on the video?
Um,
hypothetically,
yes,
I can't guarantee that's going to be in place day one,
but that is,
let me say the goal is to continue to take calls on Skype just as we always
have been at least for now.
Um,
in all honesty,
I'm aware a lot of Twitch people use discord to take their calls.
Uh,
it's something in the back of my mind,
but one,
one big change at a time is enough.
Let's try to keep everything else normal for now.
All right,
let's move on.
Uh,
some rapid fire news.
Loki.
Uh,
so,
uh,
Metro Metro Exodus has been delayed to 2019,
which is kind of weird cause I thought it was coming out in 2019.
I was unaware that it was actually scheduled for this year,
but apparently it is going to be delayed.
The development of Metro Exodus is progressing well.
We are really excited by what we're seeing.
We have constantly,
um,
we're constantly reviewing the games progress to ensure that we deliver a
product that gamers and fans of the Metro series want and deserve.
And as well as keeping an eye on announcements from our competitor,
it ain't finished.
Just put out a three WordPress release.
It ain't finished.
It's ambitious.
We need more time.
So Q1 2019,
we,
we don't want this game to turn out like mass effect Andromeda.
So,
which had already been delayed several times.
We will just have to wait a little longer.
All right.
Um,
and then something else that's going to be coming out on PlayStation VR is
space shell five there.
They have a version that's going to be coming out on PlayStation VR as well as
the HTC Vive.
Uh,
no details yet on when we can expect that,
but apparently they've had a VR version in the arcades in Japan for a while
now.
Um,
and I think that the game is supposed to be,
I don't know if it follows the exact,
you know,
format as the first game,
but basically,
you know,
same premise and everything fighting the aliens and stuff like that rhythm
game.
Um,
I'll definitely check it out when it comes out over here,
whenever that is,
I guess we'll just have to wait and see.
All right.
Well,
let's move on.
So you remember,
um,
it was on the last episode of OLR before we took a,
the break here,
but we talked about how the last remnant was going to be delisted from the
Xbox.
Yes.
Or as you know,
it was delisted from steam.
It was delisted from the Xbox.
We never really got an answer on that,
but,
uh,
we know the physical edition is available.
Well,
I think we figured out why,
because the last remnant remastered is on its way for the PlayStation four.
That is something that,
uh,
they announced this week.
Uh,
I don't know though.
Is this something that like we need Loki?
Is this a game that needs to be remastered?
I don't know.
No,
not really,
but hell they're remastered all the other games.
So why not?
Yeah.
Why not?
Right.
So anyway,
I can't think of anything to make.
This will be a PlayStation four exclusive,
uh,
and it's going to be out worldwide on December 6th.
And I believe it is only something you can download.
It's not going to be something you can,
uh,
go buy in a store.
So,
uh,
check that out.
I suppose if that's something that you're into.
Also a follow up on a game we talked about a long time ago on this show,
you'd have to go all the way back to episode 571.
When we had the developer of time spinner on this game on the show,
you remember time spinner,
uh,
time spinner,
uh,
the date for a PlayStation four Vita and PC.
It is finally coming out,
which is a great news.
They are,
were announced for,
I think,
um,
let's see,
what is the big,
I'm trying to find the date that was actually announced here.
Uh,
because we started seeing some of the trailers and stuff.
There it is.
Thank you.
September 25th,
uh,
is the day that this will be out.
Uh,
obviously that was,
that was a while ago that we did in this interview.
So I know this game has been in development for a while,
but,
uh,
it's,
I,
I think,
uh,
it's,
it's,
uh,
it's been on the show and it's like,
it's him.
And he's contracted a few of the things out,
I think,
but for the most part,
it's him developing the game.
So,
um,
you know,
it's been taken time because it's a lot of work for one person.
So it's great to see that it's,
uh,
finally,
uh,
on its way to be done and he'll get to see everybody,
hopefully,
uh,
really enjoy this game.
It looks great.
Like as far as like the pixel art and everything,
it really looks gorgeous.
So,
uh,
really happy for Bodie.
Can't wait to play it myself.
I was up in Seattle once.
It's great.
Really nice guy.
So very happy for his,
um,
success.
Hope he,
hope he does very well with time spinner.
I'll have to see if you come back on the show.
Once the game is released,
I think that would be a lot of fun.
All right.
Let's see what's going to be out a little sooner though.
In the September 25th,
as in next week,
as we travel around the world and check out what's coming out in stores.
Yes.
We've got the Bard's Tale for Barrows Deep coming out on PC,
Mac and Linux,
not balls deep,
but Barrows Deep,
Barrows Deep,
Barrows Deep.
Uh,
bundle that's coming out on PC,
Switch,
PlayStation four and Xbox one,
uh,
labyrinth of refrain,
covenant of dusk on PC to the switch and PlayStation four legendary fishing on
the switch,
mutant football league dynasty edition on the switch,
scribble knots,
mega pack on the switch,
PlayStation four and Xbox one,
uh,
undertale on the switch,
uh,
cross code on PC,
Mac and Linux star control,
star control origins.
Hmm.
I have to check that out.
I haven't played a star control game in a while.
That's on PC,
Stein's gate,
eight bit and Stein's gate elite and,
uh,
Stein's gate,
linear bound phenogram.
Those are coming out.
Um,
the first two on the tennis switch as well as,
um,
elites on PlayStation four in the Vita and finally linear linear bounded
phenogram on PlayStation four,
broken sword five,
the serpent's curse on the switch,
the banner saga trilogy on Nintendo switch,
and finally the Xenoblade Chronicles two torna,
the golden country on the Nintendo switch.
And that's it.
Let's travel over to Japan and look at the releases there.
Uh,
over on the PlayStation four Stein's gate elite is out this week in a regular
and a limited edition.
Uh,
F1 2018 from Ubisoft is out this week in Japan getting its Japanese release
this week.
And then there's an atlier trilogy that is making its way out,
uh,
on the PlayStation four.
So Rorona,
Tottori and Maru Roo are all out,
uh,
this week on the PlayStation four.
And if the individual releases are not good enough for you,
then pick up the premium box that has all of them.
And,
uh,
that is available on the PlayStation four this week.
Quickly looking at other consoles such as the switch that Stein's gate is
also released in Japan this week.
Um,
as well as the game called nil add me or Ari no 10 bin,
uh,
Niro Dori and Nadi Shiko comes out this week from idea factory.
And that same atlier trilogy is also on the Nintendo switch,
uh,
the same way with the box set.
If you want one more game on the switch this week,
Dyson Ryaku perfect 4.0 is out this week.
So that is a,
uh,
that's another one of those,
uh,
strategy games with tanks and planes.
And,
you know,
we love those war SIM strategy games.
So there's tanks and planes who doesn't love tanks and planes and blown them
up.
So you can do that on the switch this week.
Uh,
Loki,
how about the UK with a dark soccer being out?
Uh,
we've got Tom Clancy's ghost recam,
wild lands,
year two gold edition.
Come on.
You're too gold edition.
You can't fucking do that shit.
That,
that.
So now this game of the year and game of the next year.
Hey,
we're,
we're gaming the year twice in a row.
You can't fucking whatever.
I guess they make their own rules up.
That's coming out on PlayStation four and Xbox one fishing SIM world on a
PlayStation four and Xbox one candle,
the power of the flame that's on PlayStation four and the switch little
dragons cafe on the PlayStation four and the switch broken sword five,
the servant's curse.
Also on the switch,
the banner saga trilogy on the switch,
uh,
four 28 Shibuya scramble on PlayStation four and that's it.
Okay,
let's get to the emails.
Every week you guys email us,
participate at orange laundry,
do.com and we read some of our favorites here on the show.
And as you can,
Ooh,
excuse me,
hiccups.
As you can imagine,
we have a little bit of a backlog cause we haven't been here for a bit.
So I've got some old emails.
I got some dusty ass emails to read for you tonight,
but they're all good and they deserve their attention.
So if you want to email us something new and modern and sleek,
you can participate at orange lounge radio.com.
So this email is from September 5th.
I'm going to tell you what day they're from because some of the news and
things may have changed.
These emails are getting old at this point.
So,
but you know,
nobody knew that we wouldn't have a show last week.
So anyway,
uh,
this email from September 5th is from Frodo swagons who says Frodo swagons
here.
I'll keep it short and sweet.
Damn it sucks.
There was no show over labor day weekend.
I could have finally been in the live chat room because I had time off work
frowny face,
but that's okay.
Dragon con must've been a blast.
Spoiler alert.
It was a hope you and Bobby had a good old time.
Spoiler alert.
We did.
Uh,
finally you should totally get that Julian kid back on the show.
I think that was his name.
That was quite entertaining.
Yes,
that was,
um,
Jamie's BFF Becky.
That is her kid Julian.
And it's been about a year,
right?
So we,
we might stand to have a check in with Julian at some point,
see what he's playing now.
Anyway,
uh,
no inter- taining a fucking fish rod controller.
That was,
um,
something that he had exclaimed on that.
That I believe,
uh,
Rob,
wear a diaper next time he comes on because you were losing your shit.
Well,
that kids are funny,
uh,
which made me lose my shit because your laugh is contagious.
Thank you.
Anyway,
Miss you.
Jamie Summers,
uh,
Loki.
Keep up the Nintendo rants.
I hope you're satisfied tonight.
Uh,
and Rob,
you should totally stream more fist bump.
I'm trying buddy.
I'm trying.
Um,
if all my issues are not miraculously,
miraculously cured when Comcast comes out for the second time on Tuesday, you
can expect I'll probably do some more video-on-demand stuff. So, I mean, I did
one video pre-recorded today, so you can check that out on my channel over at
Rob Roberts. So if you want to see me lamenting about internet issues while I
play World of Warcraft, you can see that. And I might do more of that if I have to.
Let's get to an email from Robert M. on Friday, August 31st. So this would have
been while I was away at DragonCon. So Robert M. says, it's only tangentially
related to gaming, which I assume his voice in the soon-to-be-available
Spider-Man game, spoiler alert, it's out. That game was released, and apparently
it's really good. It is, and I've been on the fence of buying it, because I buy a
lot of games and I don't end up playing them, and they're, like, I buy good games
and don't end up playing them. Like, that's why I didn't buy God of War, and that's why I
haven't bought Spider-Man yet, although I am on the fence on it. It looks pretty good.
The only thing for me is that I don't get as into the comic book stuff as
other people do. I'm not a hater, I just don't, like, I don't have that. I don't
think you necessarily need to be a fan of that. Yeah, I'm hearing it's basically
Arkham Asylum and those games, but Spider-Man. And I love those Batman games. There's a lot of, like, the costumes you can unlock and stuff through the
game. You can unlock a bunch of stuff in the comics, but I don't think you
necessarily need to be, like, a super fan of Spider-Man to be able to enjoy it. Yeah, no, you really don't. So, I mean,
here, honestly, this is what did it. It came out the same day as Dragon Quest 11,
and I'm looking at him going, I already am terrible about finishing games, and
Dragon Quest 11 is going to be a 100 hour game. That's what, that's what I
believe it's quoted as. So, the main quest is somewhere around, like, 100 hours. So,
you know, that, that kind of made my decision for me. But with as much love
as Spider-Man's getting and everything that's being shared out there and all
the people streaming it and stuff, I'm tempted. I'm tempted. Anyway, let's see. The
soon-to-be-available Spider-Man game. Ah, yes. But I have been wondering for a while, who
is the Stan Lee of Detective Comics? I'm not trying to overlook Jack Kirby's
importance to Marvel, of course, and one could very well say Stan Lee is
literally the Stan Lee of Detective Comics, since he has apparently worked
with DC, but that's probably not what I'm asking. Is there a Bob Kane slash Bill
Finger, a Jerry Siegel, you can tell my comic book knowledge is not very good,
slash Joel Shuster? Who has that level of prominence, or is that indicative of the
studio's problems? Well, if my only, my only basis on that is with the Lego
games, and I don't, their equivalent, because Stan Lee was like the, you know,
collectible guy that was in all of the, you know, Lego Marvel games, and then the
DC side, it was Adam West. So, that doesn't really work now. I don't really think
there is anybody that's kind of like that. But then again, I'm not a huge DC fan, so
fuck if I know. That, that DC side's all fucking mess right now. At least in the,
like, entertainment world, it's just kind of, they don't know what the fuck they're
doing. Okay, so thank, thank God to having a chat room that can help me out here,
because I don't know a lot about comics. Fifth Dream in chat says, DC doesn't have
that face. Ironically, closest thing is another Lee, Jim, and Captain Spike agrees
that I was gonna say Jim Lee. Captain Spike also saying, I'm trying to play
Spidey and Dragon Quest XI. Both amazing games paired with, wow, I'm so game ADD
right now. You know, hashtag the struggle. Tiger Claw says, there's a Stan Lee cameo
in Spider-Man. Of course there is. Of course there is. So, there you go. You know,
speaking of, Matt, here's how I can tie it. There was a Stan Lee cameo in the Teen
Titans Go movie. There's a Stan Lee cameo in everything. And it was hilarious. All
right, there's gonna be a Stan Lee cameo on this show, hopefully, before it ends.
All right, so here's the thing. Here's the thing. One thing I can talk about is the
video game stuff. And what about like faces of companies? Because like with
Nintendo, you've got like, you know, obviously, Miyamoto, Reggie Fils-Aime, you
know, when, why many people were so effective when Iwata passed as he was
really, you know, the face when it came to the directs and so forth. And they have,
they have Nintendo has a new president now. That was him in that direct, wasn't
it? That led that direct. That was the new Nintendo president, wasn't it? It
looked like him. I didn't, the problem is I didn't catch the very, very beginning.
Maybe somebody else can. Yeah. Um, but anyway. Oh yes. Thank you. Bobby Blackwolf
does confirm it was the new president. Cause I remember they had picked a
younger guy and you know, so that was him. So anyway. Um, so you know, Nintendo
kind of has our faces. Microsoft has like, I don't know, like Major Nelson,
especially when it comes to like social media, it's kind of like the face of
Microsoft. What does Sony have? Ridge Racer. I guess like it's Ridge Racer.
There's the whole PlayStation blog folks, you know, there's a variety, there's a
whole variety. There's people there, you know, they, and they kind of, you know, I
don't know, like you see them at E3, but they're, you know, they got the, they got
the stuff that they have online parody account, but then that's gone. Yeah. So
what do they have left? Nothing. I don't know. Like it's just, I don't know. It
doesn't feel the same. It's not one person. It's, it's a, you have to
understand that the PlayStation brand is so strong. They don't need
representatives like that to help bolster the, you know, the appearance of
the PlayStation brand, the PlayStation branches. It's, it's its own
spokesperson. But that being said though, the best spokesperson that they
had was the fake CEO or whatever. No, uh, the vice president, the fake vice
president guy that was, uh, he was an actor. It was, I forget his name, but
like, yeah, yeah, yeah. Fucking awesome. They just made him the real vice
president cause he's fucking Kevin Butler is long live Kevin Butler. Um,
let's see, uh, Sony has David Jaffe says, uh, Bobby black Wolf. I don't know
if that's the same thing though. Anyway, I guess it doesn't really matter. I'm
just getting curious. Video games kind of have their faces too. All right,
let's get to an email from the day before the canceled show. So September
8th and this is from while I are who says, hello, LR, by the time you read
this, I'll finally have caught up on the episodes I missed while we had a
newborn. Well, babies are important. Uh, but of course I had the email about
some things you probably forgot about already during rapid fire news in early
August. I can't remember last week. Here's the email where you get called
out on all this shit we did wrong over the guys in episode two. I have the
following list of problematic incidents from the past. I'm teasing why we love
why we'll allow it. Yeah, we're only allowing it because of why we are all
right during rapid fire news. Sorry, probably black hole says this is an
airing of grievances. All right, no, you're wrong. That's an Aaron of
grievance. Okay, here comes why we are during rapid fire news in early August.
Loki expressed enthusiasm at the success of indie 3d platformer a hat in
time and said he was looking forward to trying it himself. Before that happens, I
want to make sure you're aware of some issues with the people behind the game.
Oh shit, this really is about problematic stuff. Oh, that'll teach me
to make a joke before I read the rest. Let's go. Let's hear about it. All
right here. First of all, you may remember someone by the name of John
Jafari, or perhaps you know him by his nickname, John Tron. Oh, I've heard
of it. I already know where this is going now. Uh, if you need a refresher,
he's a popular YouTube personality. And early last year, there was a bit of
an uproar when he went on several openly racist rants. You may also
remember the indie platformer ukulele had cast John Tron to deliver some
voice work for the game following his racist rants and the outcry that
followed the ukulele developers did the right thing and scrubbed John Tron's
voice in the game. Guess what? John Tron also did voice work for a hat in
time. You'd expect that the folks in charge of this game would have done
the right thing. But not only did they not remove his voice, they never
even offered a statement regarding John Tron as racist behavior or their
decision to keep his voice in their game. I interpret this as an
acceptance or perhaps even an endorsement of this behavior by the
games lead developers. If this wasn't enough, you should also know that the
lead game designer was previously involved in a dispute with a former
colleague. When the dispute was not resolved to their liking, they decided
to create a slander website for the purpose of doxing this person
prominently featuring their personal contact information. Now I'm sure that
many other people contributed a lot of hard work to this game artists,
musicians, other voice actors, programmers, designers and so forth.
But it's likely that they've already been paid for their work. And then
when you buy a copy of this game, the money is going to the people at the
top of it. Exactly the people who I don't want to give my money to. So I
will never buy it. I will never play it. I've been trying my best to spread
the word about it. And I encourage potential buyers to take their money
somewhere elsewhere instead. Let me ask you a tricky quote because the
rest of his email gets another point. Why is Mr. Smoosh jumping up on the
table like he's going to jump up on Loki's little mini table there that he
uses with his laptop? Maybe he will. Maybe he will. All right. Let's see
what happens. I think he might know. He's like, fuck that. All right. I'm
sorry. Sorry. My cat is far more interesting than fucking racist assholes
on the internet. Anyway. Okay. So Loki, let me ask you this question. Is it
then acceptable to steal the game under these circumstances? Is piracy
justified in this case? No, don't answer that. Don't answer. That's a
slippery slope. I don't want to go down. I don't answer it. Don't. It's
the same reason. Like, you know, I'm still going to watch like mission
impossible, even though I don't necessarily, I don't endorse, you know,
Scientology or anything like that. When, when can I like draw the line
between the people that make the content and the content itself? Like,
when can I just say, I just want to enjoy the content without the drama
behind the content? Like, I don't need to know the personal backgrounds of
all these, which is why you said you were interested in the game in the
first place, because you had no idea about any of this stuff. You're just
like, Oh, this looks neat. Exactly. Like, I, I don't need that. I don't
need to know the resumes of all the people that fucking worked at the
country and all, or the company and all the bad shit that they did here. So
there's enough bad shit out there. There is, there is a lot of bad shit
out here. And like, it's like, I totally kind of get what YYR is saying.
Like now that I'm hearing all this, I'm like, well, I didn't know much
about this game and now I don't really want to, well, you're probably in
luck because I'm going to be probably too lazy to buy it. Anyway,
unless it comes in a humble bundle sale or something like that. So it's
fine. I probably won't end up actually playing it. I just said it looked
neat. Like I saw it actually was on sale this week and I was like, yeah,
not, not sale enough. So I, I didn't end up purchasing it, but it still
looks neat. But once again, it's a neat game that I'm not going to have
time to play anyway. So, you know, there's a lot of other neat games that
come out before that. We think, you know, Spiderman, red dead redemption
right around the fucking corner. Like Jesus Christ, never going to have
time to play any of these games.
Can everybody just try harder to not be an asshole? Like how, like, do you,
do you know how easy it is to not say racist things? It's really easy.
Don't say them. You just don't say them.
But then I have to stop taking my ambient.
No Loki. That's not how it works. Ambien does not make you racist. Ambien
does not make you racist contrary to what some, you know, former
entertainers, uh, from yesteryear will try to tell you. Just, just why,
just can't people in general, just like not be racist. Like it's really
easy to not be racist. You just don't be racist and don't commit sexual
assault. Yes. That's yeah. They don't, don't rape. I mean, it's such a, I
mean, I know we don't teach people this. What we do teach people is how
to avoid being raped, but what we should teach people is like, maybe
just maybe don't do that. Don't. And like, I'm, I'm, I'm not trying to
make light of it. Like, this isn't even a joke. I'm like saying, don't,
don't do it. You all know. I know you all are, you guys listening out there.
Remember the three R's. Okay. The three R's don't rape. Don't be racist.
Don't rep for Scientology. Okay. I kind of think two of those things are
far worse than one, but a fair enough. All right. Uh, let's see. Going to
chat over at live.vognetwork.com. Uh, Puba in chat says everyone has
their personal subjective lines. I think it's okay for YYR to boycott.
And I think it's okay to low key to not care. Um, and what's interesting,
YYR says, I'll eat Chick-fil-A when they're open on Sunday. So Jesus
Christ, I wish they would open on Sunday because they're just pretty
good. Like, I don't get why they, so here's the thing, and this might
surprise you. I'm not one of those people that's up and up to like, I'm
not, even though I get that Chick-fil-A has their, their president has
donated money to anti LGBT causes. And I think that's fucking gross.
I think a lot of people have donated money to anti LGBT causes and that's
also fucking gross. And what works is education. The boycotts don't
really work in that regard. I mean, and that's kind of on both sides of
the fence, like the Chick-fil-A slot or, or look, look at Nike. Their
shares are up like 34 or there. Yeah. Their, their stock value is up like
34% with all those people like burning their shoes and shit because, which
by the way, remember what we said, don't be racist. But anyway, um, trying
to, try to avoid a slippery slope, but it's really hard sometimes you
guys. Uh, anyway, my, my thought with the whole Chick-fil-A thing is I, I
do eat Chick-fil-A because here's the thing, like the local franchise
owner, and you can look this up for yourself, actually donates to pro
LGBT causes here locally to offset some of the stuff that the corporate
does. I have many gay friends who worked at Chick-fil-A who've said
that their experiences were actually really positive. They were treated
well and all this other stuff. So like, I'm not, excuse me, I, I hate, I
hate the fact that the money has gone to anti LGBT causes, but I have
also seen just from myself that, um, I have been able to change many more
minds by sharing my story, by sharing like who I am and the fact that
being gay is not a choice. It is the way that, you know, the, the same
God that you believe in made me just like he made you and all that stuff.
And, and these things are, are, you know, it's, it's my life that people
are trying to, you know, be against with, with things like conversion
therapy and all this garbage stuff out there. I think education goes a
much farther way than you're canceled because you eat Chick-fil-A.
That's just kind of my take on the whole thing. I would rather educate
people as to why, you know, anti LGBT causes are, uh, honestly, it's a
waste of money in one regard. But anyway, that's a whole nother thing.
Uh, act-deaf in chat says, I know many LGBT people that go to Coachella
each year, despite the parent company that owns the festival, donates to
anti LGBT causes. Um, so you know what, and, and, and, and honestly, if
you're going to send that email to me that talks about how you can't
believe that I just sat here and said, sure, I'll eat Chick-fil-A.
Okay. I don't eat it every day. Uh, but I'll eat it once in a while.
Uh, if you're about to send me that thing, um, just know you're giving me
an invite to come through your house so I can point out everything
problematic that you own. I think in my, my mind, I guess my point is
the question is not like the boycotting and the don't do this. And that's
like, that's only going to go so far. What are we really doing to change
minds? Cause honestly, one of the first things I'm always going to ask
you when you tell me there's like a problem with the world, so I'm going
to say, do you vote? Did you vote?
Well, and the other thing too, like, not this, not to like play down
anything. I think there's these issues are out there. They've been
always out there. It's just now it's more prevalent because of social
media. Like I wouldn't say, I'm not going to say that all of the game
companies and all the games beforehand, all the teams that have worked
on, they've been squeaky clean and we should, we avoid games based on
that and like, God, now that we know, I guess as we could boycott it,
I'm just going to boycott it out of laziness just because I'm probably
not going to get around to it ever. But, um, I don't know. It's just
like, I just, it's too much for me to focus on. Why can't I just play
games?
Well, here's the thing, like, you know what, if you want to make an
informed decision and that's, you know, especially as I was seeing all
this, and then I'm telling you my honest reaction to this when I'm
seeing YYR's email, I'm like, Hmm, I wasn't really following this game.
And you know what, now I'm just not going to, you know, I've got a
million other games to play right now. I don't, you know, this one is
just like, yeah, it's not going to be something I'm going to go seek out
now. You know what I mean? That's right. And so there's nothing wrong
with making an informed decision. You choose how you want to spend
your money.
Besides, there's the other one that was, uh, it's not hat in time.
There's one that's, uh, freeze me. That's also another like 3d
platform again. That's pretty good. Okay. So we'll pick a freeze me
instead.
Yeah. All right. Anyhow. Uh, moving on. It just sucks that we, I live
in this constant fear of like, what I just said is going to get me
canceled. You know what I mean? Like, that's just the, like the
society.
Let's check with the higher ups on the board. Nope, we got no board.
What happened to just, what happened to just educating? What happened to
learning?
Well, didn't you know this current administration things learning is
bad. Science facts bad. Anyway, I'm not, I know I do. I just want to
make it very clear. I totally respect the email and I do. I appreciate
the informed decision because like I said, now I know, Oh, this is a
game. Just, it wasn't even on my radar and now it's just not going to,
there's so many games. Yeah, exactly. All right. Anyhow, moving on to a,
there was a second update from YYR that came in on September 9th
Dreamcast day that says, hello, LR. I know you probably just got done
with an email from me. Fooled you. We didn't have a show, but I'm
listening to the latest episode of the airport. I just want to clarify
something. Xbox game pass is not a streaming service. You download an
entire game to your Xbox one after which you can play it. That is the
only way game pass works. Streaming is not an available option. And at
the present time, Microsoft does not offer game streaming service for
the Xbox one. Good. Cause it sucks. I'm glad that they don't have
streaming. It should all be download. I'm down with that. I'm download
with that. The only Xbox streaming that currently exists is the ability
to stream from your Xbox one to your PC, but that's something entirely
different. Anyway, that's it. And I hope you guys have a great week.
Why am I saying fuck that stupid PlayStation now? I swear to God, I
hate that shit. If you can download games, which by the way is a rumor,
apparently that they are going to have downloadable games on the
PlayStation. Now, apparently it came up on one of the things that likes
to download this title. So that's something interesting, but I don't
know. Um, yeah, I don't know if that's going to actually become a thing
pretty soon. Okay. Uh, I, Y Y R is in chat and correctly stated. I
forgot to finish the last email cause we got on such a tangent about
cancel coach culture and all that. I forgot to finish his first email.
So let me finish the first email that said moving on to something else
in mid August, in response to the rumor that new super Mario, you was
on its way to switch, which it is spoiler alert. It is, uh, you guys
wondered why it couldn't have been super Mario maker instead spoiler
alert. It wasn't all right. All right. I'm done with that. Uh, I believe
that the answer to this is simple. New super Mario. You simply has to
come first. It's the same reason why Konami would never release a version
of DDR that lets you add your own songs. Because if they did, what
would be the point of releasing another version in the same way, if you
can create or download the levels of super Mario maker, why would you
buy new super Mario? You, uh, P chat. Should I said spoiler? Oh, I
forget. Uh, I personally trust the rumor that super Mario maker marks
the end of the 2d series for now. So to me, it makes sense to release
the final proper game before its creation tool, as opposed to after
it. Finally, I wanted to express my gratitude. I heard every mention
of super multitasking you made, Rob, and I really appreciate the
plugs. Every single one. I have so much gratitude for the fact that
you're enthusiastically recommending my work at every possible
opportunity and allow me to do so again. That was my words, not his in
the email. Allow me to do so again, super multitasking on steam. Uh, so
for that, thank you very much. You're welcome very much. But one last
thing is in no way whatsoever. Super Mario 64 overrated fight me.
Please don't actually fight me. Why we are and everybody with that
comment, super multitasking is canceled. No, I'm just kidding. Of
course. I'm kidding. Of course. I'm getting everyone's welcome to
their own opinion. All right. There we go. That's it for emails tonight.
Thank you so much to all our emails. If you want to send us an email for
a future week, participate at orange lounge, radio.com. But in the
meanwhile, we have some more stories to get into, right? Loki. Yes.
Let's let's talk about some stories, including this ridiculous video
coming from Microsoft talking about the Xbox one limited edition
grease poof controller that has to do with, of course, pub G because,
you know, winner, winner, chicken dinner. Apparently it is covered
with a impervious degrees urethane coating, and it's going to be a
limited run. These gray and yellow controllers that are going to be
available. Apparently the I don't know if this was for a certain
region. It looks like it had something to do with the Australia,
New Zealand. It was announced on the Xbox and the Australia,
New Zealand Facebook page. And they were having some, I think,
contests in regards to the launch of the game. They're basically
saying, I guess you have to submit an anecdote about how Greece has
ruined your gaming experience or something like that. So neat.
I think those controllers, they should just cover all of the
controllers with that so that Greece doesn't because gamer hands and
not necessarily gamer hands, but kid hands. Holy fuck. Are they like
just nasty shit? I mean, like I my switch right now is fucking
disgusting. I cleaned off every now and then, but like, I don't know
what the fuck that they do those things. They touch it with their
like dirty ass hands. I know what they do. They eat, they eat food and
play games at the same time and don't wash their hands in between.
And it's a big no no. And that's how you spread disease. Like what
we were talking about earlier in the show. Well, yeah, kids are dirty.
I mean, of course, a disease like that's going to spread everywhere.
They, you know, I don't know. All right. Well, something you can play
with your grubby hands on these controllers. Actually, no, because
this is on the Nintendo Switch, but is the Sega ages classic. That's
right. Sonic is continuing the Sega ages series. They were announced
in Famitsu magazine in Japan this week. Sonic the Hedgehog 2, Space
Harrier, Columns 2, Outrun, and Thunder Force AC going to be made
available in the Sega ages collection. Columns 2, you're going to be
able to do online battle. Cool. Outrun will have an arranged soundtrack
as well as the original music. So don't worry if you're a fan of the
original. That is not going anywhere. You get both. No prices, no
confirmation. These are even coming to America. I don't see why they
wouldn't. And the Switch is region free after all. But as of now, this
is only confirmed for Japan. I don't think the direct change to any of
that or any of the subsequent news that I've seen. So anyway, that's
what's going on with Sega ages. However, I should also point out they
are actually asking fans their most wanted Sega ages game. So they're
doing a Twitter survey asking Japanese fans what their most requested
Sega age game would be. The winner will be announced at Tokyo Game
Show. And there is a Sega ages stage event on the 22nd of September. So
we're letting the internet vote on what should, yes, nothing bad ever
happened with this. Can we vote for Phantasy Star Online 2 Western
release? Can I write in that vote? Oh wait, that wouldn't work for Sega
ages. Although, wouldn't like a Phantasy Star offline be a pretty cool
thing? I guess that really wouldn't work. I'm just making shit up at this
point. But yeah. Yeah, sg100matt in our chat over at live.vognetwork.com.
Never let the internet vote. Nothing good will come from it. Yeah, that's
kind of where I was going with this. To which Bobby Blackwell follows up
with Phantasy Star Online, McPhantasy Star Online face. Yes, that.
Of course the vote. I mean, I understand Sega ages were like classic
arcade games, but most of the arcade games are classics now. Yeah. So
clearly the vote has to be for Daytona. It has to be Daytona.
Uh, can I vote for Samba de Amigo with the, with the joy con controllers
as the Sambas? That could work. Right. Uh, anyway, uh, some other folks
in chatter saying Gunstar Heroes. Yawn. You already got Gunstar Heroes
on virtual console enough. You know why? And it's been released on other
platforms. It's time for more Daytona. So what if it's like one of the
greatest Genesis games always over? Get that later. It's Daytona. Samba de
Amigo, Daytona. Both at the same time. Let's move on. Loki. Fighters, mega
mix with all the, like, you know, we'll get all of the characters in
there and brawl it. Yeah. Anyways. Um, so Epic has dropped video
capture off of the switch version of Fortnite because of performance
issues. First off, I was surprised that there was even video capture at
all on Fortnite on the switch, but apparently it was a thing at one
time, but apparently it's been affecting the guest gameplay. And so
because of that, they have patched it out and says, you may have noticed
we've disabled video capture feature on Nintendo switch as of version
5.4 0.2, a client update. This was done for performance and stability
reasons. As we've been seeing a high rate of out of memory related
crashes disabling this feature saves a significant amount of Ram while
also having the positive effect on the overall performance across the
board. Yeah, I think that's fine. Maybe this is why Nintendo didn't
want to talk about Fortnite at their direct. Who knows? I'm teasing a
little bit. The fact that they had video capture in there and voice
chat is pretty fucking impressive considering that hello Nintendo.
Why does Splatoon not have voice chat built in without using a fucking
app? Maybe now we know it's, it's got to have some power and you know,
you're just using too much power to actually come on. Splatoon is not
that much more of a graphically intensive game than Fortnite, please.
All right. Uh, Bobby Black Wolf does point out, well, the video capture
was using the switches native video capture feature, but you know, isn't
that still a certain amount of Ram in the background that's being taken
up? Oh, interesting. All right. Anyhow, uh, let's move on to another
story. This was actually, uh, suggested in our discord. So if you're
not on our discord server, you should join vog network.com slash
discord. We'll get you an invite. And there's an orange lounge radio
channel where this story was passed on about a potential unannounced
project from Blizzard. So this is kind of rumor-y, but there is some
proof. There are some receipts behind this rumor. Uh, and it's from
looking at the Blizzard job site, Blizzard careers. Uh, we know a lot
of Diablo stuff is in the works right now. Gee, I wonder what could
be going on. Maybe we'll find out at Blizzcon. It's either an
expansion or, or the number four might be seen. Who knows? Who knows?
But anyway, Blizzard also has an unannounced project for people that
want to build an action packed game with a beautiful visceral core
combat experience. Uh, the person applying should have a passion for
co-op games, RPGs, and board games. Uh, they're hiring things like art
director, character, artists, environment, armist, gameplay
engineer, and a lead senior level designer position where you can
actually get some bullet points as to what they're doing, including
own level design and world building from conception to the final stages
of polish facilitating communication and coordinating team members to
ensure the vision is clearly defined and understood. Um, let's see, I'm
not trying not to read like all of these, but, uh, let's see partnered
with engineering to define and create tooling that effectively
compliments Blizzard's world class handcrafted level design. Uh, so
anyway, uh, some other things that I guess are in the job listings that
are interesting next gen AI, like motion capture systems, a robust
first person engine for the game and a unique visual direction. So what
could this be? Some people speculating it could be a Blizzard's
answer to, and here's what Blizzard does very well. They take popular
game genres and make them stupid easily accessible. They've done it
with trading card games, Hearthstone. They've done it with EverQuest,
World of Warcraft. They've done it with, you know, they've done it with
other stuff. So what do you think Blizzard might be tackling now? And
some people say it is no, not battle royale. This could be Blizzard's
battle royale project. What do you think? Stop jumping on that train.
It's I think it's already gone. You know, what's interesting. Be an
innovator, not like a copier. I remember, I don't know how I remember
this, but I remember on a hoard house a long time ago, there was rumors
that Titan, which as we know became Overwatch, essentially Titan was
canceled. And from the grave of the assets and things like that, that's
where Overwatch came from. I think Overwatch, the battling was supposed
to be like once part of the Titan game. But anyway, my point is I
remember one of the early rumors about Titan. What is that was that it
was a James Bond-esque spy game. It was a spy versus spy type of game as
Nespionage spy type of game. I mean, Team Fortress 2? I don't know.
Could this be like a James Bond-y spy type of game? I think that'd be
because, you know, when I hear like first person, I think, well, they
kind of already have that with Overwatch. This is going to have to be
different than Overwatch. So either it's, you know, battle royale-esque
or it's, you know, something, you know, simply something we haven't seen yet.
Overwatch 2. It feels early for that. Overwatch, it still feels early to
say Overwatch 2 because, I mean, I still think if they're going to do
Overwatch expansions, it's going to be single player because like,
they're still pumping heroes out there. They've still got, still got
Overwatch League is a big thing. And you know, that's all kind of built
into the base Overwatch game. So I'm not sure Blizzard suddenly wants
to put out Overwatch 2 and disrupt all of that. That doesn't make sense.
I feel like this really is some type of new type of project. So I don't
know. Kaijuto says in chat, Overwatch isn't a spy game at all. I know.
That's my point. Maybe this is.
ActDeft in chat says, please give us a fucking single player campaign,
Blizzard. Could be. I mean, that might be why you would need to design
levels and so forth. Maybe Overwatch is going to go with a single player
expansion. Who knows? I don't know. Anyway, we'll find out maybe at
BlizzCon or we might have to wait another year because Blizzard is very
good at keeping things in the oven until they are very, very, very done.
Kaijuto in chat does say though, I want a battle royale espionage game.
I think, yeah, I kind of think it's tie the spy versus spy, James Bond,
GoldenEye 64, but with battle royale. I think, I don't know. That might be
kind of rad. We'll see. Everyone's wanting Agent, which is that game
that was supposed to be. Oh yeah. Rockstar stuff. Oh yeah. I remember
that. I remember that. All right. Anyway, a few more stories for you
guys. Then we're going to get to the Skype line for a little bit tonight.
If you do want to call in though, I encourage you to get in relatively
quick because, um, I'm not going to keep it open all night cause the
show's already running a little long. So, but we got some stories to get
to before we get there. So first Loki. All right. Let's talk about
uncensored sex. Yes. A hundred percent uncensored sex games.
Loki, I like you, but I don't like you. So, um, you know, you may remember
there was a whole like controversy with steam and pulling down games
off of their service that were like these visual novels and stuff. And
then they were like, no, no, no, we're not trying to ban anything like
that. We just don't want people to see anime titty. So now apparently
they are, they have approved the first a hundred percent, um, uncensored
game called negligee. And, um, and it is out now, uh, for people to
check out, but there is one small problem. Apparently the, um, you know,
the content, some in some countries it would be considered possibly
illegal. So they have to ban it from certain, um, regions. So for
example, Belgium, Japan, Malaysia, Botswana, Egypt, Morocco, Nigeria,
South Africa, Sudan, Uganda, Bangladesh, China, Lebanon, South Korea,
Pakistan, Saudi Arabia, Turkmenistan, um, Belarus, Iceland, Ukraine,
Russia, Australia, Australia, man, uh, Papua New Guinea, um, Guyana,
Iraq, Dubai, UAE, and Germany are not going to be able to check out this
game. And that's made people sad. Well, I mean, they can always pirate
it. No, I'm just, I'm not going to endorse that, but I just feel like
that's what's going to happen when you ban something that people will
find a way to get their anime titty. They will. So I'm just being a
realist here. People just be, are you interested in a 100% uncensored
sex games on steam? Are you, are you gonna buy negligee? I don't like
visual novel games. So probably not, probably not, not enough action
for you. All right. Well, maybe this will be more up your alley.
Uh, they are making a game out of the novel series. Goosebumps. You know
what? You know what the Goosebumps books are, right? I think those have
been around since like we were in high school and that age. Uh, but
anyway, Goosebumps the game is on its way on the Nintendo switch. It's
going to be launching on October 9th from way forward. And that's a way
forward has been putting out some quality shit. So, uh, this actually
might be pretty rad. Uh, this action game was originally released in 2015
as a prequel to the Goosebumps film. Uh, in the game, you are in the
car- you're in the shoes of a character whose neighborhood has been
overrun by R.L. Stine's monsters from the Goosebumps series. You have
to outsmart and use your wits to investigate, uh, the clues and the
surroundings and figure it all out before it's too late and you get
eaten by a grew. Oh, wait, that was his org game. But anyway, that is,
uh, all on its way. So, um, check that out on Nintendo switch, October
9th. Anyhow, let's get to the calls. Orange Lounge Radio, all one word
on Skype. If you want to give us a call and talk about, uh, anything
maybe we have or have not gotten to yet on the program tonight,
especially since we've been gone for a little bit, maybe you have
something you wanted to ask us that we missed from the past couple
weeks. Uh, do we have any, uh, other last minute stories?
Yes, this is coming from Twitter from Stanley Tucci Mane. And this is
basically talking about a Silent Hill Enhanced Edition that fans have
made, because if you may remember, the Silent Hill HD collection sucked.
So the Silent Hill 2 Enhanced Edition is basically a bunch of
modifications to the PC version of the game that fixed a lot of the
issues. It adds widescreen support, a higher resolution display,
removal of audio bugs, PlayStation 2 quality audio and fog, better
controller support, and lots more. So you can go check it out.
That's pretty cool. Um, again, Orange Lounge Radio on Skype. I saw a
call come in and I just missed it because I was, um, looking at
Loki when he was talking about this. If you were, um, looking forward
to that mod, that's enhanced.townofsilenthill.com slash SH2. So go
check it out there. Okay. Uh, we have a call coming in. Let's get to it.
Hi, you're on Orange Lounge Radio. Who's this? Hello, it's YYR.
Haven't we heard enough from you already?
No, I have more grievances. Sorry.
Fine. Uh, what else shall we hear about?
Okay. Well, let me begin the airing then.
All right.
Wait, hold on. There's a lot. No, no, just kidding. Um, actually I'm
going to refer to something that you said during your call with Bobby
on his show last week. Um, and that was when you mentioned Beat Saber
and you were talking about, um, how, you know, people have just
put in these stupid hard charts and things like that. Um, you
mentioned that, uh, that's also kind of part of the reason that
you're turned off by new DDR, uh, because there's been such an
emphasis on these high level charts and that's just really not your
scene. Right. And, uh, well, I'm just going to mention, I mean, the,
as it is, yes, they are adding a few new hard things to the game
here and there, but despite that, the majority of new charts being
added to the game are still in the 13 and below range, which is like
easy nines, uh, on the old, uh, scale. So there is still a lot of.
Maybe these scale updates have got me all thrown off because you say
13 and I go, that's very, I can only do a nine. What do you mean a 13
is an easy song?
No, on the new scale max 300 is a 15.
Oh, wow. Okay. All right. Well, and that's, let's be max 300 was like
the original ridiculous song. Look, I'm not trying to knock the
people that are into that. And I hope that's coming through, but I
hope people kind of understand that it's like when you're a dirty
casual like me, which is an okay thing to be, you could be a fan of
DDR and not like, you know, have the stamina to crank out these
level 15 songs and all this stuff. I've been playing every single
day, almost every single day for at least 30 to 60 minutes a day.
And I still don't have the stamina to do, but then again, I play
doubles. So.
Wow. You should do max 300 on doubles. Yeah, exactly. Stupid
noob. That's cause I don't use the bar.
Okay. So I'll mention this with regard to that. Um, I do, uh, play
double. So, and yeah, I play max 300 on double occasionally
too. And to make up for the fact that you have to use both
sides, the actual step chart is a little less dense than the
single version. So, but I do hold the bar for it, you know, one
hand on each bar. Oh my gosh. It's like doing the splits.
Um, you do. Okay. So DDR prohibits, uh, what in the groove
calls stretch jumps. That's things like, uh, the left arrow
on one player side and the right arrow on two player side.
Yeah. I think the, the furthest you can, the furthest DDR gives
you is stuff like right on the one player side and up or down
on the two player side. Like you won't even see right on both
sides. It, it will not give you that. So don't worry about
down, down sometimes or up, up. Yeah. I feel like I've seen him
do up, up 3d is, uh, the, uh, the standard steps have down,
down, I believe, or they're probably isolated jumps and not
like right after other notes. Like they're not coming at you
as fast as they are in other songs. Like jumps like that are
okay when they're like spaced out. You know what I mean?
Yeah. I don't remember seeing that in DDR, but, uh, yeah, it's
a, it's uncommon. Yeah. In the groove though, they just throw
all kinds of crazy stuff in there because it's in the group
because in the group fans are crazy. Yeah. I'm not starting
that war again. I'm just teasing. I'm teasing. But yeah,
absolutely. And, and nobody in the community from the, you
know, the beginners all the way up through the super world-class
experts, nobody looks down on people playing easier stuff.
Everyone plays what they like and, uh, it's very, uh, it's a
very positive community and, uh, yeah. That's good. Stay
positive. And like I mentioned before, you know, so one reason
I kind of like all the easy stuff and yeah, you know, I know
a lot of songs have easy stuff, but I feel like, I feel like a
lot of the stuff I see online is just like all the hard stuff,
but I guess that's just, you know, people want to brag about
their accomplishments and all, which is cool. But I think part
of the reason I like the freestyle stuff is like, oh,
it's like the easy, but it has finesse. And that's kind of what
I was saying, kind of the point I was trying to make with the
beat, beat saber stuff was that it's like, wow, somebody's like
kind of figured out a way to like grade freestyle sort of,
which was something that was so, you know, opinion based
before. It's like now beat saber kind of brings both those
worlds together, if that makes sense. Yeah. It's kind of neat.
And when, when I heard your comment about the scoring
system and, uh, you know, that it takes your movements and
your finesse into account, I don't know. I think I, I actually
kind of liked that because it's something different. Yeah.
Something different, you know, at the end of the day, how many
of us are really playing for score? I mean, I'm sure, I'm
sure there's a lot of hardcore music fans. There's gonna be
people raising their hand here and there. They're saying me,
me, but I bet there's a lot of people that are going to play
beat saber just because they just want to play the beat, be
in the experience. They want to ride the ride. You know what I
mean? Yeah. Well, I mean, I, I played DDR for score actually.
But I think, I think with DDR, even there's a lot of people
that are like, oh, cool. Yeah. DDR is cool. I like that game.
But they just, when they say that it's like, they, they hop
on the machine occasionally and play it. And that that's really
it. You know what I mean? Like, and they, there's nothing wrong
with that. There's nothing wrong with that. But next time
you play Ace, I definitely would encourage you to, you know,
don't just go into the, you know, the extreme folder, the
Max 2 folder or what have you. But keep, keep holding down that
up or down button and go to the level sort feature. It's very
easy to find. You don't have to press any special button
combination to find it. Go to the level sort. Yeah, because I
do that pop in music. Yeah. And, and go, go ahead and find,
you know, and, and what's really neat about DDR Ace is let's say
you go to level sort 10. So it shows you all the tens, but it
doesn't just show you the expert tens or the difficult tens. It
shows you all the tens across all the difficulties. Yeah. No,
I like that. BeatMania 2DX does that too, which I really like.
So, but yeah, and you'll find a lot of new songs that way and
you'll get to play at your level and everything is good,
except for when they give a chart the wrong difficulty,
which unfortunately happens a lot, but whatever. Honestly,
why are though the real answer is instead of going straight to
the difficulty store, what I usually do is I go straight to
Ariana Grande. Can't help it. Can't help it. That song is a
banger. It is. Even if it's like, even if there's like, I
would much prefer if Into You was the song that was in DDR,
but that's okay. You know what? We can't, we can't own them
all. All right. It's funny. I actually found an ITG chart for
that and it's a remix of the song that's just amazing, but
the chart is really tricky. So it's like, Oh man. But before I
go, I just want to address something I saw in chat from
Dark Tetsuya. You know, DDR is 20 years old this month. And
what's really interesting is that they did not update DDR
Ace for like a period of five to six months. And then a few
months ago, they started just throwing all these new songs
into the game. And finally, they just dropped a massive
update like a few weeks ago. And a lot of us in the community
are starting to think that this is ramping up to a new game
announcement like any day now. Ooh, that would be fun.
Especially to commemorate the anniversary. Yeah, exactly. And
so, you know, and because, you know, earlier in the year, they
launched Dance Rush Stardom, which hopefully you've had the
chance to play because it's really fun. No, we should bring
that to Dave and Buster's because... No, I haven't played
over here. I've been since... I almost went to round... Okay,
here's... You're gonna laugh YYR. So I almost went to round
one over the weekend because I was hanging out with my buddy
JD and we were talking. He's as into the music games as you
are. So... Yeah, I know. I played DDR with him when I was in
San Fran a while back. We were talking about going to round
one because he doesn't really have a car. So, you know, it's
hard, a little harder for him to get to round one. But you
know what? YYR, what ended up happening? We went to Drag
Queen Brunch instead. I'm sure that was definitely
entertaining in its own way. It was because the drag queen
performed Ariana Grande. So, I still got my fix. So, all
right. Anyway, my friend Emily, go to try to get some more
calls. But take care, okay? Hey, have a great week. Thanks.
You too. Bye-bye. Take care. Bye. All right. Orange Lounge
Radio, all one word on Skype if you want to give us a call.
Yeah, true story. Went to Drag Queen Brunch. They just opened
a Hamburger Mary's in San Francisco which is funny
because that, yeah, I think they used to have one there
years ago and then it closed. Now, they have a brand new
one. They do that kind of stuff there. So, you know, good
times. Good times. Good way to have a really, oh, I tried to
pick up that call and it immediately hung up. That's not
good. Alright, we'll see if we can get one more call in here
well before we close up shop for the night. Let's get to it
higher on Orange Lounge Radio. Who's this? Oh my god, Rob.
Hi. How you doing, Rageinator? What's up? Good. How are you?
Good. What's on your mind? Well, two, two things. They're
kind of sort of related. Sorry, I really haven't been around
too much for the live shows. Unfortunately, real life is
kind of going in the way. That's okay. We haven't really
been around either. Yeah. Yeah. Well, I usually try to make a
habit of, you know, being around for live shows and all
that. You know, you know, you know, it's been a kind of a
habit of mine for... Me too. What, ten years plus? But
anyway, you know, as it relates, you know, to that, you
know, there's someone very close to me that's into gaming
that just, you know, started seeing relatively recently.
She's into horror games predominantly. Oh boy.
Now, she, you know, she already has Dead by Daylight and
Resident Evil 7, which I gifted her, and she has already
played the Fear series and she plays all her games through
Steam. Now, that being said, what horror games can you name
off the bat, aside from the ones that are listed, would,
you know, would you recommend? Rageinator, it's like the
genre that I play the least because the scares are too much
for me. Although, I mean, certainly, if she is not playing
the Five Nights at Freddy's series, those games are
insanely popular, although some people don't like the jump
scares. I remember a game from a few years ago called
Slender Man that people really liked to see me play on Twitch
because when I would get scared the hell out of, it was
always a good time. I liked the Friday the 13th game that they
did, but I kind of think Dead by Daylight kind of took all
those because it's a very, very similar type of game. I think
it kind of already took those people away because then
Friday the 13th ran into all these problems where suddenly
like the movie licensing was an issue and all this stuff. So, I
think that game is kind of like kind of like dropped off really
fast and I think most of those people went over to Dead by
Daylight, but I enjoyed the Friday the 13th game. So, if
she's never played it, I would think that's one. But you know
what? I'm gonna say go for the gate because these are the ones
I'm more into instead of like the jump scares and things like
that. Go into the things that are really like the
psychological horrors. Is Silent Hill available on Steam?
Because that's gonna be serious. I'm always gonna. I don't think
so. I mean, if they are on Steam, I sure as hell haven't
seen them. Hmm. Well, look for it and see if it's there because
that would be an absolute recommend for me and then what
was I also gonna say as far as like the story. Silent Hill
Homecoming is. It's not the best but it's not. You could do
a lot worse. We just talked about Alan Wake earlier. Is
Alan Wake still available on Steam or is it? I think that was
still. The original game? No. American Nightmare? Yes. Oh,
that's weird. The original game is not. That's the one I would
have recommended because that's more the psychological thing I
would have said. Okay, so. Yeah, I think I think it has to
do with music licensing but I could be wrong. Okay. So, the
chat room always helping me out when I cannot help. Uh Pooba
has a bunch of answers here. Amnesia. Oh, **** I forgot about
the amnesia. She hasn't played Amnesia. Like, get the first
one. I mean, the later ones aren't bad but the the first
Amnesia game, holy **** That is that is one to do. Uh Pooba
also says until dawn. That's a PlayStation game though. That's
not on Steam. Trying to kind of filter this list for Steam.
Evil Within, was that a PC release or is that only
PlayStation? No, that would've been PC as well. Maybe Evil
Within. I've heard a lot of good things about that as well.
My son would recommend Bendy and the Ink Machine. That's
free. The first episode is free. Uh Alien Isolation. I
think that's a really good recommendation as well and I
know that's on Steam and I know a lot of people are really into
that. It's a different type of horror because the alien games
but I hear it is it's **** scary. Oh, alright. Alright,
well, definitely keeping all that in mind. Uh you know, in
you know, in fact, I know it's a couple of months off. I'm
trying to get a couple of ideas for her for Christmas present.
So, you know, I'll definitely mark those down. Uh you know,
on the relay note, you know, there I can't say for sure but
there's a chance that you may have run into her while at
Dragon Con. You know, I know there's there was like 80
something like 80 thousand people there. Yeah. So, trying
to find trying to find one person that is like trying to
find uh you know a hand stick but do you remember seeing
anyone in uh uh a Bioshock 2 Big Sister cosplay at all? Um
not this year. I've seen that in years past. Yeah. What about
um like a variation of uh the Powerpuff Girls uh you know
cosplay. I do remember seeing Powerpuff Girls but I'm not
gonna guarantee it was the same thing that uh yeah you know
again you you're kinda right. There's 80 thousand people.
Honestly, I think the best chance that I would have run
into her if she was at that if she's a horror game fan, she
might have been to that Five Nights at Freddy panel. Uh well
uh I don't think she was uh went to any panels at least not
that she mentioned. Uh she you know was more or less mingling
around going to various parties and whatnot. It's fine.
It's what a lot of people do. Unfortunately, I couldn't go
with her, you know, cuz kevlar expenses but. Sure. But you
know, she told me all about and you know, she told me she had a
blast so but uh anyway, I'll let you go. I've been rambling
on too long and I'm sure you wanna take some more no more
calls but I'll uh speak to you soon, right? No worries. Take
care and uh we'll see you soon. Yup. You too. Yup. Bye. I
don't know if I would have found one particular person at
Dragon Con. There's a lot of cosplays to be honest. A lot of
excellent cosplay and I've seen the full on uh not the now that
he's now that I'm thinking about it. I wasn't I'm getting
my Bioshock terms mixed up cuz I saw the I saw the big
daddies like the full on like mech **** I saw that like a
couple years ago and that was like I remember thinking like
that was some impressive **** cosplay like you know but they
have said Dragon Con has been called the Super Bowl of
cosplay and it does that for a reason because there's some
really impressive stuff there but in all honesty, this year,
I tried to stay away from a lot of that because they all hang
out at the Marriott and it's so crowded in there and like I
can do crowds to a point but like it doesn't happen to me a
lot but I had a claustrophobia moment at Dragon Con this year.
That has not happened to me since the very first Gamer X
that was in the basement of this very small hotel and like
all these panels were letting out at the same time. It got
too crowded down there and my brain just went, what if this
place caught on fire right now and I like started freaking out
so I had a moment like that at Dragon Con this year and so
that's why I just kinda try to stay away from a lot of the
crowded areas but I mean I did I not to say I like completely
avoided him cuz I remember Travis Donovan and uh his wife
really like to hang out at Polt's Bar which is like the
central for all that stuff. So I did have to wade into it a
couple times. So, um I did I did see some of that which
shout out to Travis by the way. It was really good to see him
this year as well as uh even more so his wife. Alright, uh
one last call for calls here at Orange Lounge Radio. All one
word on Skype but if we don't get anything then I think we'll
wrap things up but anything else you wanted to do uh
mention Loki? No. Can we get out of here for the night? Uh
it's been it's been a long time since we've done a show. So,
I'm. Yes. Really glad we were back tonight. So, alright.
Well, let me oh uh Rage Nator just posted a picture. So, I'm
gonna take a look right now at that picture. I mean, I'm
probably not going to remember it but let's see. You never
know. Oh, that's a really good cosplay for what it's worth.
Damn. Is that your friend? Okay. So, like uh again, it's a
radio show. So, I'm having a hard time. It's it's a they
took the picture in front of the oh they must have done this
at the Georgia Aquarium on Thursday cuz they actually so
they actually have a picture in front of all these fish to
make it look like it's underwater and it's it's uh
it's really well done. So, I mean, props on the cosplay.
That's. Scared all the kids at the aquarium. Yeah, scare
everybody there. That's uh pretty good. Alright. Well, no
other calls are coming in. So, I think we're gonna close up
the Skype line but I will say if you didn't get through
tonight but you do wanna say something, you can get to us on
Discord. You can uh send us a Twitter message or any of that
stuff. All of that would work very well and um yeah,
participate at Orange Andrade.com to send us an email.
So, um anyway, I did wanna say uh a big thanks uh to everybody
for being here especially after we've been off for a couple
weeks. I know it can throw off your rhythm. So, thank you so
much for uh finding us again or maybe you found us for the
first time. Uh thanks for being with us here on Orange
Andradeo. Uh we don't uh ask for money uh here at Orange
Andradeo. All we ask is that you spread the word. Help
tell a friend or two or five about the show. Help us spread
the word because we are the show where every gamer has a
voice but only if the voices are here to air their
grievances uh as YY did earlier in the program. Uh so
anyway, um a nice five-star review on iTunes or Google Play
wherever you found this show. Uh the that all goes a very
long way as well. We really appreciate all that. So, I think
on that note, we're gonna wrap things up. Uh Loki, your final
thought. My final thought is go play old school musical. It's
pretty fun. My final thought is I will. There you go. Alright,
done deal. My final thought is I hope my internet gets fixed
cuz I miss streaming on Twitch but at least I'm starting to
get creative and think of workarounds but it's gonna be
very hard to move this show to Twitch if we can't stream on
Twitch but I guess we could always just do a low bit rate.
I didn't say the video would have to be HD quality. Alright.
Uh but that's really it. We're done for the night and we'll
see you next time here on Orange Andradeo. Thanks for
being here. Till next time. Like seriously, just don't be an
**** gamer. It's not hard. Don't be an ****. Just get out
of bed today and say, I'm not gonna be an **** and then
hopefully, you won't. You've been listening to Orange Lounge
Radio. Orange Lounge Radio is a production of OLR Studios. To
join us for a live show, tune in to Vogue Network.com Sunday
nights at 6 PM Pacific, 9 PM Eastern. The views and opinions
expressed in this program do not necessarily reflect those
of the staff of Orange Lounge Radio or Vogue Network but you
know they were all still true.
See you next week.
Thank you.
