This week, Pokemon Go became canon by officially debuting a brand new Pokemon, though we still
have to wait for information beyond its looks. This is one new item amongst a sea of classics,
join us for a healthy mix of both in the week's news starting right now on the show, where
every gamer has a voice. Orange Lounge Radio. Hello my friends out there on the internet,
welcome back. It's another week of the show where every gamer has a voice. Orange Lounge
Radio, live tonight on September the 30th of 2018 with episode number 746 of our show.
I am Rob Roberts and joining me here in studio is Loki. How are you, Loki? Hello, I'm fine.
Yeah, fun week? Good week? No, I'm alright. Gaming? Do any DDR? We've had a lot of talk
about DDR's 20th anniversary this past week. We'll get into it, we have a news item later
about how Konami is acknowledging that, but have you done anything special to acknowledge 20 years
of DDR, Loki? I played a lot of DDR, that's about it. That's the way to do it. You know what's funny
is that out of the blue I got a message from a Facebook friend asking me questions about DDR
because they were like, you know, what was the good PlayStation mix because we want to set up
a dance pad and do all this thing and I'm like, dang, what a throwback because I'm thinking about
it's kind of sad you can't really play DDR anymore on PlayStation 3 or 4 like Konami just didn't
really push the series. Looking for your music game peripherals? You can find them used everywhere.
I know, I know. They were asking about like what type of pad should they get? They already were
kind of leaning towards the foam. You remember when Red Octane back in the day had those foamy
and I always thought those were probably the best ones. Step Maniacs. And the big zipper pouch.
The Step Maniacs pads. The ones that are like a thousand dollars. Oh, the metal? Oh, the actual
game. They actually sell the pads. No, I know. I know. I think they've been, those things have
been selling out as fast as they can make them. I see some of the stuff on Kyle Ward's Facebook,
like they just can't keep that stuff. I'm just glad I don't have to worry about that crap anymore
when I was like, oh, I'm going to build the better pads so they can actually play arcade DDR.
There you go. Uh, go into our chat over at live.vog network.com because we do date live
every Sunday night at the voice geeks network of vog network.com six o'clock Pacific nine
o'clock Eastern right after the Bobby black Wolf show. Orange right says, check your local
thrift stores. Oh yeah, we go to Goodwill every Saturday and um, they have all sorts of DJ hero
stuff and it's funny cause they don't really know how it's supposed to go together. So they have
like two turntables in the mixer in the middle. They're like, yeah, that's about right. Looks,
we don't know what this is, but it's $5 nailed it. All right. Uh, uh, dark Sakura, uh, not here
tonight. She is a on her work commitment for a little while longer, but she'll be joining us
a little later in the show for the classic game of the week. Um, so we'll talk a little more about
DDR and music stuff later, but let's get into the kickoff topic for tonight, which is a pretty big
update, something we've been waiting for. We wondered if the internet would really be able
to have some power over Sony and it looks like Sony has caved a little bit on, on what people
been asking about. Right. Logie. Yeah, they caved. Um, they're basically now allowing cross-play for
Fortnite. So, you know, following a comprehensive evaluation process, SIE has identified a path
towards support for cross-platform features for on select third party content. We recognize that
PlayStation four players have been eerily awaiting an update and we appreciate the community's
continued patience as we have navigated through the issue of the finest solution. Bullshit. You
just had a fucking backlash against your shit and that's why I like how you just just cut off the
official statement. Now, now this is lies. This is lies. The official statement is just like, we're
really, of course, you know, the vice president, they said, when you know, we're really happy for
the PlayStation Fortnite communities and this is a great step and we know that rocket league players
and their own communities wants to know what this means for them, but we don't have any updates at
the moment. In other words, the biggest game where the people are the loudest needed to get it the
first and in some ways, which was the most fucked up implementation because of the whole locked
account where like you couldn't even play it on the switch if you had a PlayStation four and all
that stuff. And they are releasing a process to unlink your account from the PlayStation four and
be able to play on all of them. Yay. So that's going to be happening soon. Well, that's great.
I wish I had time there that came to their senses. Yeah, I know. I wish I played more Fortnite to be
able to really appreciate this news, but, uh, I don't play a lot of it, but I know tons of people
do. So this is certainly a good start. But, um, let me ask about this. Like, is this, I mean,
cause this is still, it's almost kind of like a weird way of thinking now because this opens
Pandora's box. I'm not mistaken. They're not saying this is going to be limited to Fortnite.
They didn't come out and say only Fortnite is going to get an exception. They're basically
saying this is something we're going to be looking at in the future. So, you know,
like rocket league, like you mentioned, even though there might not be plans right this
second, I'm sure it's something they're, you know, going to be looking at in the next few months.
Um, what else? I'm Minecraft has gotta be something. Minecraft's weird cause it's a Microsoft game,
but I would think though that they should like plain. Well, yeah, and that's going to be a big
like news, but still Nintendo played nice with them. And come on, Nintendo is so backwards when
it comes to networking stuff that like if they're doing it, you probably should be doing it. Yeah,
I get it. You're, you're scared because you, you want to, you know, stop any sort of ways for
people to hack your platform. It doesn't matter what you do. They're going to find a way. And if
you do this kind of crap where you block stuff off and you like cripple different, you're just giving
them incentive to do exactly. Yeah. So it, you know, take it from Nintendo. I mean, they know
better. They, even though they have the cross platform stuff, I mean that hasn't stopped their
platform from getting hacked and you know, getting their characters turned into sex memes and shit
like that. What do you think will be the next game to, uh, and I asked this of our chat room as well.
What do you think will be the next game to cross over? You think rocket league is kind of obvious
one? It's a switch. It literally is just like a switch to flip on for them. Um, I would say
Overwatch, um, not PC so much because blizzard has made the decision. They don't want keyboard
and mouse mixed with controller, which is going to be weird though, because yeah, I know it's coming
up later. We'll talk about that. We'll get into that then. Um, but, um, as far as like PlayStation
four and Xbox one, there shouldn't really be anything, um, separate news consoles anymore.
And another reason why I target Overwatch is, well, I mean, it's a big deal. Overwatch is
everywhere and Blizzcon is coming up. This would be a great thing. I mean, surely if I were blizzard,
I would be pushing to make this an announcement. We're going to make it. Blizzcon is that
Overwatch will soon be playable on PlayStation four and Xbox one cross platform, especially,
especially if they're working on a switch version after all, which I kind of, I actually don't think
they are, but I mean, I would love to be wrong on that. I would love, love, love to be wrong on that
and have a switch version of Overwatch. Um, and that would be fantastic if it was completely
playable across all those platforms. Although there is a part of me that thinks PC should be
involved in that as well. And blizzard might need to think about, um, just having keyboard and mouse
designation versus, you know, uh, controller designation, but I'm sure I think they'd be
worried people would try to hack that. Do you remember back in this, funny enough, we were talking
about DDR, right? Do you remember in DDR ultra mix, when you would play online, you could see
if the person was using a dance pad or a controller. But the thing was, is that it had to be an
officially licensed dance pad for it to show up as dance pad, or it would show up as a controller
because I think the USB was probably sending some sort of special signal to the Xbox. I have an ID.
Yeah. I don't know how it all worked, but I just remember that. So it's like, they could probably
do that with like a keyboard mouse signature versus a, uh, I already have peripherals that
could do keyboard and mouse if they really want to. That's true. That's true. So I don't know,
maybe blizzard needs to, I think about that a little bit, uh, going to chat at live.vognetwork.com.
Uh, Brad from Pod Culture agrees, bring Overwatch to Switch. Uh, Dortitsuya says, I agree with Loki
though, either Rocket League or Minecraft. Um, let's see, Kaijuto in chat says, I bet the crossplay
gets underused too if there's some type of option for crossplay. You know, let's talk about that
comment for a minute actually. Is, is after all the bitching and moaning and whining,
which I really think the catalyst for this was the locking of the Fortnite accounts.
I don't think you would have seen the big backlash that you did if people had been able to log in and
make their Switch account, no problem. I think if Sony wants to pinpoint, where did we fuck up?
That did you in? Uh, cause I honestly think if that hadn't been a factor and you could still
make an account wherever, people would have just accepted the fact that, eh, whatever,
you can only play on whatever platform. Because of this, you know, the previous thing where they
locked shit out and because of the statements like, well, we're just the best platform. So
that's why we just don't want to play nice. Their follow-up statements weren't exactly graceful.
And also their support for mods on the platform versus what the support is on the Microsoft
platform. I'm just like, if it comes across platform stuff, if I'm going to purchase a
game on one of those two platforms, I'm not going to purchase it on Sony's platform.
Granted, I don't have a Microsoft console by PC, so I just will play it on PC. But might it
influence your decision when we're talking PlayStation five and Xbox max? Absolutely.
It will. Yeah. So this will be very interesting where when we start announcing those consoles,
which could be as soon as next year, probably more, I don't know, actually,
do you think Microsoft's going to plunk down Xbox next? That's what I'm going to call it for now.
Cause obviously we don't know what the name will be. Do you think, um, Microsoft's going to plunk
down Xbox next next year? Cause they've already, they've already done the little, little, little
tittle teas. Probably I'd say maybe a couple more years. I think 2020, I would have guessed 2020 for
both, but I don't know. Then Microsoft kind of did a little, maybe they want to be first out the gate
like they were with three 60. Who knows? Yeah. I don't know. Uh, Brad, the stuff that they have
right now, they could change. It's just policy that they don't agree with. Well, going back to
guys, you just comment about cross play getting underused. I mean, it's kind of a good call out.
How many people are really going to be using this cross play thing? Maybe it's different in a game
like Fortnite where they're trying to load up a hundred players or whatever. But I mean, I don't
know, like I haven't really sat there and thought about like, who do I want to invite on Xbox when
I'm playing on my PlayStation? I mean, if this rule is really changing, it almost kind of makes
me have to think about the way that I approach this online gaming. Because to be fair, even if
cross play is going to be a deal, there are still some things that are locked away. For example,
party chat, right? Now, if the party chat is in the Fortnite game, then I imagine that'll work
cross platform. I haven't really heard about voice chat, but I'm thinking more of the fact that like,
on PlayStation, you can have like a localized party on PlayStation, right? And then I believe
it's the same type of deal on Microsoft's platform, right? So if I'm kind of working
with my own little party here, I wouldn't necessarily be able to talk to the people
on the Microsoft side. So there are some things that are still kind of locked if I'm not mistaken,
right? So you still would have the best experience if you're all on one ecosystem, am I right?
I suppose.
See, we haven't even we haven't even bothered to think about this, which is just hooray.
I think that's all done in because that's why they have voice chat with, you know,
Fortnite right now in the Switch version is because it's in the actual app and not the,
you know, it's not linked to the console or anything.
Okay, let me go to chat at live.vognetware.com. Bobby Blackwell says, it's more about playing
with friends that may have other consoles. For instance, I wouldn't know where to buy Overwatch.
I have people to play Overwatch on PC. I have people to play on PS4. I have people to play on
Xbox One. If I could buy one Overwatch and play it with all my friends, that would make me more
likely to play Overwatch. I'm lucky enough to have all the consoles and I have all the consoles as
well. But I mean, the kind of the point I'm trying to make there is that it may not quite be that
easy. If the chat is on Battle.net's side, which I think it is, it would for PC, it has to be.
So the chat is on Battle.net side for PC. But what if you want to chat with the people on
PlayStation and you get in one of those, are you going to be able to voice chat with them
if the voice chat isn't supported through Battle.net on consoles? Does that make sense
what I'm saying? Yes. Then you're not, you're playing with them, but you're not really able
to interact with them and you might still kind of be back at the square one problem.
So this is going to put an onus, if I'm not mistaken, on the third parties to have their
own server structures so that people can use voice chat. Or you just need to get Discord apps on all
consoles then. Oh, you think that could be a thing? Discord on consoles? Do you think Sony or
Microsoft is interested on Discord? Actually, didn't Microsoft have a partnership with Discord of some
sort? I don't think Discord's on Xbox, but I remember Microsoft wanted to cuddle up with them.
That's true. That's true. Let's see. Yeah, Microsoft has a partnership with Discord.
I thought that was a thing, but they have a partnership, but that doesn't mean a Discord
app on Xbox One yet. Maybe that's something where it's going. Anyway. Oh yeah, they show the game
you're playing on Discord. That was what it was. If you connect your Xbox Live and you're playing
something on Xbox, it will show on Discord. Kind of like Spotify will show what you're listening
to. That whole type of thing. Yeah. Yeah. So interesting. Let's see. Dr. Tzuyu says,
maybe that's why Nintendo didn't do any of that stuff for online. If they're open to cross-play,
that would have, they would have had to worry about all that stuff. So I guess they decided
to just make it simple. Yeah. I don't know. I think we're still going to find some things out
as time goes on, but I do firmly believe that we would never have been at this point
if Fortnite accounts hadn't been locked, if you'd used it on PlayStation 4. I think that
was the thing that made this whole thing fall apart. Yeah. I don't think, I don't think the,
the call would have been this loud. I don't think everybody would have been as crazy, but that,
that was the thing that, that did him in, especially when Sony knows that for the longest
time, Nintendo has been competing to be the other console in everybody's house. Right. We've known
that for some time. Nintendo has always been competing to be the other console in somebody's
house. It's never really competed on that same level in some regards as PlayStation 4 and Xbox
One. Although there are plenty of households where the Switch is the only co or Wii U,
Wii whatever, is the only console to be found. So, interesting. VidPower in chat says,
it'd be interesting if Microsoft chooses Discord over Skype, which they own. It would be
interesting because Microsoft does own Skype, but you don't really think about Skype for gaming very
often. Skype is how you call your family with, in another country with free long distance,
I think is, or, or free internet, you know, VoIP or whatever. Uh, I think that's what a lot of
people are associating Skype with. I don't know. A lot of the online games I've played that are like
the, the reality stuff I've talked about before on the show, like Survivor and Big Brother,
they all play on Skype because Skype is you, everybody fucking has Skype because it's on
every Windows computer. I guess, I guess, but Skype, I mean, everybody has it. Like,
it's very easy to get on a mobile app. It's on the fricking PC. It's preloaded with Windows.
I know, right? So it's like everybody, even if you have a Mac, like it's very easy to get Skype.
It's just an app on, you know, the, the OS store. So Skype, I feel like a lot of people use Skype,
but that's just my perception. And that's, that's not even talking about here at OLR,
which by the way, on that note, before we get into our gaming weeks,
did you know that Skype will finally stop working on this potato XP computer as of November 1st?
Well, I know, right? So they said that they're not gonna support the old Skype 7 or whatever,
and it's gonna force you to go to the newest Skype, which of course doesn't work on XP,
which I know you all give me shit about the fact that I'm still running XP for this show, but A,
money doesn't fucking grow on trees. So I haven't exactly bought, you know, the upgrade computer,
but to be fair, it is in the path because obviously we're going to be talking about
Twitch streaming. I can't Twitch stream on this current computer. So it was always part of that
path was to, yes, finally get off of this potato computer that we've been using for so long, um,
to do the video streaming and all that. But it's just, it's just irritating to have that arbitrary
deadline put in because they don't want to support the old Skype anymore. You know,
DDR ace runs XP embedded, so it's fine. That's right. You know what? Your arcade
games still use windows XP, so get off my ass. I guess we could always use the tablet
kind of like we used to use before. Um, I have thought about just straight up,
maybe switching to discord at this point. Um, I don't know. I'd be curious about your guys's
feedback, but you'd have to tweet us or use, use our, use our discord to tell me what you think.
If maybe now is the time with this whole Skype thing changing,
maybe it's just time. We just go to discord for calls. So tell me what you think.
Anyway. Um, rage nator and chat suggests clearly you have the wrong fucking trees. Oh,
well if you have some money seeds, please let me know. I would love to grow some of
those in my backyard amongst everything else that's growing out there. Um, thank you,
thank you, Brad from pod culture. I can get you a free copy of seven or eight if you want.
I appreciate that. I actually have a serial number for 10. Thanks to a kind listener.
I just, you know, have to have the machine that makes it work, which I have some parts.
It's just, everything's a mess. So actually, I honestly, I kind of wanted to go to a laptop
so that the show could be portable as well. So that's still something that's in the back
of my mind, but I have to make all those decisions the next month or two.
But, uh, yeah, like I said, money doesn't grow on trees. I'm not going to ask the listeners
for money. I don't want to do that. Um, I will, uh, you know, I have money set aside. It's just,
you know, working that all out. Anyway, enough about that behind the scenes stuff.
Let's get into the types of games that we have been playing this week in how was your
gaming week. So Loki, what types of video games you've been playing this week?
Mainly Pokemon go, um, because I've been doing a lot of walking, so I've been playing that.
Um, aside from that, actually, I forgot to mention the last week I played, um,
old school musical, which is fantastic. It's a rhythm music game. That's got a
lot of homages to old NES and super NES games.
And then I also played lots of dances, revolution, extreme. That's pretty much it.
I watched, um, I watched, uh, Bobby Black Wolf play some of that old school musical on his
Twitch stream. It looked really fun. It looked kind of like guitar man, but like retro style.
Yeah. Kind of cool. And then they have like this, I've already beaten the game and then they have
this, um, like chicken crusader mode thing. The, you play a lot of the same songs again,
but they add modifiers to them to make them harder to play.
So I'm going through that right now. Okay. That's cool. Um, yeah, there's, there's,
is that, is that the DLC or is the DLC like a whole separate thing? Cause Bobby's talking
about, he hasn't played the DLC yet. Um, I don't remember that it's DLC or not.
I did buy the DLC. I think the DLC adds more songs to that mode.
Okay. I'll, uh, I'll have to, I will, it's on my list of things to check out, but you know,
you know me, I'm always stuck with the online games. So let's talk about my gaming week and
all the online games I've been playing. Cause I'm still trucking along in world of Warcraft.
I hit max level, which is now believe it or not max level in world of Warcraft is 120.
That's the highest level you can get to when wow first came out, 60 was the cap. So it grew 70,
80, 85, 90, a hundred, 110, 120. That's where all the, that's how many expansions this game's had.
That's a lot of expansion. I know. Right. But wow is kind of an old game at this point,
if you think about it. But, um, yeah, I'm, I'm still enjoying the expansion. This is
about the point where I'd usually burn out cause I'm not really interested in rating,
but we'll see how it goes. Who knows? Um, so there's that. Uh, and then, um,
I've still been playing Final Fantasy 14. I'm juggling two MMOs. It's crazy.
But, uh, you know, I'll, I'll get a text message like, Hey, let's do an expert if I have SE 14.
So I'll switch over, do the expert. And it's kind of like, I'm keeping my feet wet in that game.
But right now, wow. Kind of feels like what's more new and exciting. Even though 14 had a patch,
like, and I love 14, but I really hope their next expansion isn't as formulaic as these past couple
expansions have been. And what I mean by that is that here comes the point one patch, which will
have two new dungeons and an eight man raid. Here comes the point two patch, which will have two new
dungeons or one new dungeon and a 24 man raid. Here comes that back to the eight man raid,
back to the 24 man raid and a dungeon or two dungeon. It's like, it's very, very predictable.
And there's not enough, like, I just want to like fuck around and do something different stuff,
which wow, because it's been around so fucking long and he has all these expansions.
Wow. Definitely feels like there's like so much like other like crap you can do in that game.
Like if you want to get into like the pet battles and all that, that whole Pandora's box,
that's a whole thing you can do. Uh, the time walking I noticed was a great catch up mechanic.
I didn't want to do the cataclysm dungeons cause that's what's going on. But I was like,
oh, I'll go do one. And I got so many points from doing the, the time walking as a healer.
I was able to get like all this sweet gear to like bump my gear scores. It was really cool. So,
um, Raginator says, wow, came out when? 2004? Yeah, that sounds about right. And Brad from
Pod Culture at live.vognetware.com says time for wow remastered. Well, funny you say that because
World of Warcraft classic is going to start, they're doing this weird thing. So
it's not launching in November, but if you buy the virtual BlizzCon ticket that they want to sell you,
you will have access to the demo for World of Warcraft classic, which kind of blows my mind
because I'm like, how, what? It's, it's classic, just regular world and it's classic World of
Warcraft. Why is there no, so basically they're selling you early access to World of Warcraft
classic. That's what it is. That's just not where they're calling it. They're calling it a beta.
Don't they have like a free demo right now for World of Warcraft, the regular World of Warcraft?
If you want to, like you can play, it's either level 20 or level 40 you can, but again,
there's 120 fucking levels. You can play for like free. So there's a lot you can do.
There's your fucking demo. Why buy one? No, it's so, it's so weird. We're going to sell them and
get this guys. We're going to sell them a demo for a game that's right now. That's free to play.
Let's start off with, but we're going to even include less features in it and they're going
to pay for it. That's what people want. They're only doing World of Warcraft classic because
the fan base was like, I missed a day of molten core and back in my day you had to be level 40
to get a mountain. You had to work for it. So finally, after all this rabble rabble and the,
the servers, the fakie servers that Activision Blizzard finally had shut down, they were like,
fine, you want classic World of Warcraft. We will spend resources to, to bring back classic
Warcraft. But if you think about it, like, it's not as easy as making the old client available
because like, like computers are vastly different. So they have to be re optimized.
I would imagine they've got to go back and tune it now for widescreen
because World of Warcraft back then didn't even support fucking widescreen.
Fuck that. Don't make it widescreen. Make it four by three. This is what they fucking want.
Let them have it. Just put some borders around it. I honestly think World of Warcraft classic
will be that thing. You go back and play once and be like, wow, this wasn't as good as I remember
because that's what always happens. It's never as good like the PlayStation classic.
I think, wow, he's like old, but here's the thing. And I say this respectfully with many
friends who love Blizzard products and as a Blizzard fan myself, Blizzard fandom is a cult
and people will pay that money to do that. And, and Blizzard is the masters at this.
And this is a company that's owned by Activision and Activision will charge you for whatever you
want to buy. But here's the thing. Activision lets Blizzard do whatever they want because
Blizzard is good at it. You will notice Blizzard has managed to really, for the most part, stay
very independently Blizzard. There's very few things where Activision has kind of like
come in and said, no, no, no. And that would be probably putting Destiny and Call of Duty
on the battle net launcher. But what, but honestly, Activision's smart in doing that because they
know Blizzard is a cult and the easiest way to bring awareness to Destiny is to put it on the
battle net launcher. Imagine if people could buy the battle net launcher with wow gold, or I'm
sorry, if people could buy Destiny 2 with wow gold, which you can, I mean, it takes a lot of gold to
do it, but technically you can do it. It's crazy. But anyway. And again, I say that as a fan of
Blizzard, because you know what else I played this week? Diablo 3, cause season 15 is going on.
And now I'm sitting here going, I do kind of want to get this on the Switch, I think. And I'm,
I'm like, I'm having that whole like angel and devil on the shoulders, except I actually think
it's two devils yelling and screaming at each other because like I have one devil going,
you fucking moron, you already own Diablo on PC and PlayStation 4. And I think Xbox 360 as well.
Like I already owned Diablo 3 three times. Like, do I really need the Switch version?
And then the other devil's going, of course you need it.
Because it's new and shiny and everybody else is going to be playing it and it'll make for
good live streams. It's the devil and the devil on my shoulder. Some of you have devils and angels
on your shoulders. No, I have two devils. Anyway, what else did I do in my game a week? Oh, one more
game that I definitely have to mention. One other game that I played this week, cause I did a live
stream of this. I played Time Spinner, which is the brand new game that's been in development
for a while. In fact, we had the developer of Time Spinner on OLR. It was a few years ago,
it wasn't long after the Kickstarter. So it was a few years ago and Time Spinner came out and I
played it on stream and it's fun. I mean, if you like Castlevania Symphony of the Night,
bam. Time Spinner is a great homage to that. It's not like a carbon copy because the weapons are a
little different. Obviously the bosses, the story is completely different. So it's not like you're
just playing the same game. And also, they do some different stuff. Like you have a time stop
mechanic, which as you kind of watch the way I'm thinking in the live stream, playing this game
for the first time, I kind of realized like, oh, this time stop mechanic has many uses. Like,
it's not like your typical, like get the double jump, which allows you to get up to this level
that you couldn't get to before. And now you progress. Like that's, that's the way
Metroidvanias have always worked, right? Now you have the underwater suit. You can go swimming and
access the next level. Like, but the time stopping mechanic kind of has a variety of uses.
Like you can use it to stop an enemy in midair. So you can effectively do a very amateurish double
jump. Basically you jump on the monster, then jump on the ledge. You can do that. Or I found that
using the time stop mechanic through trial and error, you know, watch me play that boss fight
that I was stuck on for like 15 minutes, because you see me kind of thinking through,
okay, I'm gonna do this boss the normal way. And then I realized, oh, using the time stop mechanic
makes this boss a ton easier. And you can use this to kind of, you know, do something about
the charges and some of the other things. Now, of course, your time stop mechanic is limited
in how much you can use it. So you have to kind of be thinking about all that. But I like it,
it added another layer to a formula that many of you are already familiar with. So I really
like that. And Bobby Blackwolf in chat says, Rob buried the lead. His internet works now. Yes,
I wanted to get to that. I was, you might've said I was able to live stream time spinner.
So my internet is fixed at home. So here's the thing. So you remember Comcast tech number two
came out last week. And although he was nice and he listened to my problem and he didn't try to
sell me a BS answer, long story short, he wasn't able to fix the problem. So they were going to
send a third lead out here. And I originally had him scheduled for Wednesday, but I forgot, oops,
Alan had a doctor appointment Wednesday morning, so he couldn't be here in case the appointment
ran long. So I was like, whatever, I've dealt with it this long. Let's just do two more days.
So I rescheduled the third tech they were going to send out for Friday.
I'm trying not to bore you with this story too much, but it's fucking fascinating.
So Wednesday at around 11 o'clock, Alan messages me. He's like, I'm back from my doctor's
appointment. It seems like the internet's down right now. Something, something must be going on.
I'm like, all right, whatever. And he said noon, it came back up and he's like, wouldn't it be
funny if... And then he goes silent for about 30 seconds and he comes back and he says, hahaha,
I'm going to run out into the street and play in traffic. And he sends me a screenshot of the
upload to Google working full speed. I'm like, so the internet, like, did the tech just come out
here anyway and fix something? I don't know. But you know what I did notice, Loki, later in the
weekend, they've been doing all this construction on a house around the corner. I don't know if you
ever drive... I don't want to give away my home too much, but there's like a park there.
And sometimes you drive around the park on purpose to get the pokey stops, right?
I do.
Okay. Yeah, I do too. Even though it's not the most direct route, I drive it to get the pokey
stops. So there's a house over there as you go around. There's been an Xfinity van parked out
there like three times this past week. And I'm like, oh my God, like whatever they're doing on
that house, that was my problem. It probably wasn't. Maybe they were having the same problem.
And then they found, oh, hey, it's like a splitter or something in one of these junction boxes
that's fucked up. And so they went and fixed that. And lo and behold, it works for the whole
neighborhood.
Yeah. Bobby Bockel says, I bet the issue was at the main relay station that services your street.
The last time I was having a bunch of issues, the problem was at the junction box. And I bet,
you're right, either these people had the same problem or they had some other type of problem
that caused them to go open the box. And that took down the internet for an hour on
Wednesday. And then when it came up, magically worked again. So the most frustrating part of it,
I mean, Comcast has been actually messaging me on social media. And they're really good
about responding to you on social media if you have problems. Because I didn't even tag them,
but they were like, hi, how can we help? Because they saw me bitching. So they were like, hi,
how can we help? And so I sent private messages and they've been really good about responding
and all that. But the problem is, because I kind of did it that way, to be fair, they don't know
what the fuck happened. So it's like, I will never know why the internet went down. Y'all have some
great theories and you might be right. You're probably right. But I don't a hundred percent
know any of you are right. We will never a hundred percent know the reason why.
I had issues where like our internet would drop for hours or whatever, and there'd always be like,
you know, text in the area working on something. Eventually it fixes itself. It's dumb shit.
Now I need to see what kind of credit I get for my upload not working. I think they already gave
me like a $20 credit. I'll get nothing and I'll like it. Here's the other funny thing. Actually,
the tech, this is not to derail into cable talk, but all you internet nerds have these
same problems. Admit it. So the second tech was out here and he was looking at the problem.
And then he looked at our TV thing. He's like that. And he points at the box that we were using
is like, that is so old. We don't even support these anymore. Like, why do you still have this?
And I was like, cause that's how often we watch TV and I don't know why we're paying for it.
I do know why we pay for it. So I can watch RuPaul's drag race on my computer,
basically through the Xfinity.com and all cause you can watch cable on your computer.
You know what I do, which is what it's like. I pay for basic cable and I don't have the box
hooked up. It's in a box. Cause you can use your computer. Cause, cause guess what they wanted to
pay. They want me to pay for HD content. Where is I can just go online and watch that same HD
content for no additional money. So you know what I got out of this whole thing. I got a new TV box.
That's like a third of the size. Alan will watch TV once in a great while. Once in a great while,
he's like, I'm going to go pet the kitty on the couch and watch CNN or something. And that's,
but like I barely use, I'm I know I'm overpaying for cable, but well,
are you in the United States? Yes. Then you're overpaying for cable.
True. True. All right. Anyway, uh, let's see, going to chat at live.punknetwork.com.
Uh, Dungeon Buster says I got the same reply when I returned a box that stopped working.
Wow. I don't think we carry those anymore here. Have a new one. Um, Ray Sheeter says the credit
will come in the form of Comcast giving you two middle fingers and a flaming bag of poop.
You know, here's the thing though, for all Comcast issues, like I think Comcast knows they have a bad
customer service rat because I will say with the exception of the first tech who is out here,
who I wasn't here when he was here. So I'm getting all the secondhand through Alan,
but everybody that I interacted with was like super nice and went out of their way to be like,
Oh, it doesn't still work. I'm so sorry to hear that. Let's see what we can do. It's not,
it's not that we, nobody wanted to say, well, can't fix it. Nobody's mad at like
the customer service or anything. They're mad at the CEOs. It used to be that it used to be
that way where everybody was like, God, those people over there are assholes. Uh,
yeah. Some of their customer service in the past has been terrible because like,
yeah, I remember talking to them and they're like, yeah, you could just pay less and you get,
you know, faster speeds and you plus you get TV and stuff and then sure enough, you know,
Oh, Hey, wait a second. Why is this bill more expensive than what I was paying for before?
Oh, because that guy was a fucking liar is what it was. Oh, okay.
Uh, anyway. All right. So anyways, sorry. Long enough deviation on my internet problems,
but I bet, you know what, somebody out there, you're going to have the same problem eventually.
Like this is just, everything's going to the internet. I think less and less people
even using their TV. I think it's funny that I use my computer to do what the TV would do,
but that's where my 4k monitor is. So I want to watch stuff in 4k go on my computer.
Anyway, let's move on. Let's talk about, uh, uh, other announcements, which I really don't
have anything as far as like upcoming shows off or anything. You know, I almost, I will tell you
this. You guys might think this is funny. I was originally, when I came back from dragon con,
I was originally going to take tonight off so I could go to Folsom street fair, which I haven't
been to in like 15 years. Cause that was this weekend. Um, and I'm not talking about a street
fair in the city of Folsom. I'm talking about the other one. Uh, because I, my friends always
talk about it as a good time and I haven't been in so long. I was like, Oh, sure. I'll go.
But because we had that show after dragon con that we had to call off, I was like,
I don't want to take another show off. So that's why I'm here. So anyway, uh, we don't have any
shows off planned for a little bit, but next week on the show, I don't even know if you know this
Loki, I'm very excited about this next week on the show, we're gonna have a guest in studio.
My friend Delvin is going to be here from Toronto and he is the host of a show called video game
realness, which you can check out on iTunes. Yes. And, uh, well, because I also co-host
reading is fundamental. The drag race podcast. I haven't talked a lot about on this show
because it's not my show. I'm the host on psychic show, but it's there. And I also,
I don't know how many of you that listen to this would enjoy that, but if you like drag race,
go check it out. Reading is fundamental. Um, so he's going to be here in studio, so that's going
to be a good time. So, uh, very excited to have him and welcoming him to the show next week. I
can't believe that's only a week away. Oh, all right. Uh, let's get into other gaming news.
There's a lot going on, lots of conventions, not just the street fair on Folsom street,
but other conventions going on, right? Yes. That's right. Mine caught or my mine coughed mine craft.
I thought you said my cock and I'm like, no, that's my cost. That's what happened. That's
what's happening at Folsom right now. No, uh, Minecraft earth was this weekend. So they did
a big live stream. I didn't watch it. I just caught the highlights because they waste way
too much time with a bunch of streamers that I don't even know about or care about. This is more
of like a thing that my kids might be interested in, but I don't know. So they did make some
announcements. Um, so starting off, there was some new stuff coming in a, I am not sure what
the next update's called. Um, cause I know the last one was aquatic, but they're going to be
having some new stuff that has to do with the villagers. Um, lots of focus on that. So for
example, with the villages, now they're going to be getting new biome, um, like new biome related
architecture. So like stuff that's in the desert is going to kind of like desert architecture stuff
that's in the jungle is going to look a little bit more jungle-y, you know, that type of stuff.
The jungle is going to be more jungle-y. Is that what you said? No, the buildings. Cause right now
the buildings are all the same. So like they're going to have, you can just see the patch notes,
jungles are more jungle. Like in the desert, for example, they have like, like a street market
set up and they have like little kiosks and stuff like that. And the villagers are dressed
differently. Can't wait to go and wait. That's great that we're talking about the future of
Minecraft, but where is the fucking 4k pack that they announced like over a year ago at E3,
where's the super dude? And yes, I am going to bitch about Minecraft in 4k. Leave me alone.
It looks great with the, the, uh, if you want your Minecraft in 4k, you're just going to have
to play the Java version is what you're going to have to do. So, but you know what? And then along
with that, they're also, they have, um, new, Oh, so yeah, the next Minecraft update is going to
be called the village and pillage update. So, cause they have pillagers now, which are villagers
that attack villages and they have like these beasts that are with them as well. So you can
those off. Um, pandas are going to be in the game. Cool. They have a crossbow, which is pretty
awesome. Wait, the pandas have a crossbow. No, you have a crossbow. I think the pandas should
have a crossbow. What do y'all they pandas with crossbows? Yes or yes. Um, then of course, you
know, they're going to have, um, the new scripting API is going to be coming soon. Uh, they're saying
that they're going to be, is that so you can program the pandas to hunt people. Yes. So you
can do that. And they also have animations that you can give you more customization options.
Um, you can add particles and stuff to your different creatures and stuff. They released
a new piece of content called inspiration Island, which is as big like Minecraft theme park type
thing that you can go download for free inspiration Island sounds like a church retreat. Sorry.
Well, there are people flying kind of religiously. So maybe it is, I don't know.
They're fairly safe. They're feeling, but this, this though is right up your alley, Rob
Minecraft dungeons, a dungeon crawler game. Yes. I heard about this. It sounds awesome. Tell me more.
Yes. So, uh, Minecraft dungeons is Diablo Minecraft basically. Yeah. Set the same set
in the same universe. Uh, they didn't really show too much as far as gameplay goes. Oh,
I mean, it looks, it looks like it's going to be, you know, like a hack and slash
Diablo type game. So child's first Diablo type of thing. Sign me. What do you mean child's
first Diablo? Sign me the fuck up. This sounds great kids. If I want to get my kids into Diablo,
you know? Oh, I see. So it's, it's Diablo without the Satan imagery and with, with, uh,
Minecraft, cute, cutesy stuff instead. Yes. And pandas with crossbows. Of course.
Awesome. You know, with mods, you can do anything. I know you can make those pandas have crossbows.
I know. Or, or as a rage hater in chat says, pandas with crossbows that shoot tiny pandas
have even tinier crossbows. Absolutely. Oh man. Yes. I need to set up that. We,
we talked about doing a Minecraft server and then dragon con kind of threw everything off.
We were gone to the realms. Yeah. Yeah. We'd still need to look at setting that up. So it'd be fun.
But now that's, that's the thing I want on our realm is pandas with crossbows. Can you do that?
Not yet. Cause the updates not out yet. I see. When do we have a date for the update?
No. Okay. Well look forward to the, uh, VOG presents Panda with crossbow.
They have like still like they haven't, I don't think they've released the mob that was
unveiled in the last mine con earth. So there's still a little behind with things,
but now cause cause you do in chat says they already have a Minecraft dungeon crawler. It's
called fight the dragon. It's on steam. So, I mean, clearly other developers have probably
taken the cutesy graphics of Minecraft idea and merged it with the dungeon crawler.
I'm sure there is a rogue like with Minecraft graphics and I'm sure there is a battle royale
game with mine. So indie developers have come up with it because you know, that type of art style
is perfect for people like me that can't draw or, well, okay. It's funny. I used to be able to draw
then I stopped drawing for a very long time. And funny enough, you lose your talent when you stop
and don't practice something for a long, long, long time. Um, so unfortunately my art skills
on the PC are not as good as they used to be. And so that's what I'm stuck with is Minecraft type
art. Uh, going to chat, uh, Bobby Blackwell says, do you think we'll have pandas or 4k first pandas?
How about 4k pandas? I'm going to tweet them right now. 4,000 pandas. When I'm tweeting them right
now, could y'all retweet and fave when 4k pandas, and then the people listening on the, uh, podcast
feed will be like, oh, that's why they tweeted that all of a sudden. I wonder what, um, was,
I don't even remember what it was called. It wasn't the 4k update. It was like the,
um, better graphics or I don't remember was not better to get. I, what did they call it? Like,
it was like supposedly like something like it had to make a name. Maybe it was the 4k update.
No, it was like the super duper deluxe graphics pack or something. They used a lot of like silly
names in the, in the title of that super duper 4k graphics pack. That's it.
I was close. So let's see. Here we go. Here's an article that was a couple months ago.
Let's see what it says about, about the 4k updates. Um,
thank you for your patience. Love Microsoft. That's it. Yeah. It doesn't really say it says,
um, it's possibly pushed back to 2019. We don't know. So it's all speculation. They don't know
vid power and chat says 4k blocky graphics is the future. You're damn right. But it was
like about the blocks. It's about the water, the sunset, like if you want, it does look good.
Go look at it. Like I tried to get like, and it's funny cause I have a graphics card that's
truly capable of doing this crap. Yet for some reason, you know, it doesn't want to play nice
with the newest version of Minecraft on the Java version. So I can't get, I have,
I can't get the 4k like type stuff working like the, um, uh, Sonic ether.
Was it Sonic ether or, um, it's one of those that has like the fun texture waters and the
moving trees and stuff like that. But yeah, I don't know. It, it does look nice. I w I would
like that update to come out, but I'm not holding my breath. All right. Well, I'll let you know if
Minecraft replies to our tweet. All right. Cause you know, I'm sure that nobody else tweets them.
Any demands ever. Let's talk about Pokemon. Go Loki's favorite game right now. He's wearing
his gotcha on his wrist. I noticed. Is it running right now to get, um, it's not on right now.
Do you have, um, issues where the settings change on you like randomly?
Uh, if I have it in my pocket and I accidentally am hitting that little button without realizing
it. Yes. I don't ever have it in my pocket. No, I don't know what's up with that. You know,
there's an app you can, I have the app and that's what I use, but like I'll notice like I set it to
basically I have it, you know, set the auto catch everything. Sure. But I turn the settings off on
the notifications on in my app depending on what amount of regular pokey balls I have. No, I don't
know what's up with that. And so like, I'll like have it auto spin the pokey stops and I'll notice
it won't spin it and it's giving me the indicator. Oh yeah. Tap the button twice to spin the boogies.
I'm like, I fucking told you the auto spin this shit. What the fuck? And then I go into the app.
It's like, Oh yeah, we turn that off. And then like, you know, it'll be auto catch unknowns and
it's like, Oh, sorry. You know, that's turned off too. It's like, what the fuck? So now every
time I started, I have to check to make sure the same. They're correct. Interesting. No,
I don't know what's causing that. So speaking of unknowns, do you have one yet? No, I need to trade
you one from dragon con. I need them out of my inventory. Take one. Okay. All right. We're like
three star friends, right? The start, it's only like 1600 stars. It's like four star friends.
Yeah. We're getting closer. I actually, so for Pokemon go, I didn't talk about it during my
game a week, but I hit a best friends with three people this week. One of them is act deft, um,
who, uh, is there in the chat. So we actually hit four stars. And the nice thing is I was able to
time the lucky egg every time. So I hit it with my friend, Kyle in Canada. I hit it with act theft.
And then my friend, John here locally, who I used to live with when we were doing OLR,
uh, when we were on Justin TV, he was my roommate during that period. So we all hit four star
friends and I had my lucky egg going each time and I got 600 K XP from that crazy eyes on, um,
Friday I walked six miles. Wow. Yeah. I'll never do that again. That was too, that was too far.
Cause you know, were you trying to get a mime and a Kangaskhan that bad? Um, I did get a, I did get
a, um, no, I didn't get him. I think I have a, my, I got a, um, far-fetched not far-fetched
Toros. Um, the one that's dressed up like a woman. I don't remember the tangela. No, no,
I've got one of those. Mr. Mime is a little, not mr mime. It's uh, the other jinx. I got a jinx.
Finally. I didn't have a jinx. Oh, okay. That's not one of the rare ones though. But, um,
no, I have a tangela. I have a few of those, but yeah, it's, um, but I was just surprised
like, cause I, I, I forget that kilometers aren't as far as miles. And so like, yeah,
that's like 10 kilometers right there. Well, as far as the walking event goes, uh,
one thing that is worth saying about Pokemon go, something I want to talk about was that
they just put out a tweet today. It says they have extended that until October 8th.
So if you have not hatched your mr mime and your, uh, Kangaskhan that was supposed to end today,
but they extended it through October 8th, probably because they're selling incubators and all that
crap like crazy. I've been trying, I've been putting in seven K eggs all the time. Whenever
I get, it's a low, the thing is it's a low, low dropper. It's like a 2% drop rate for a Kanga or
a mime. No, I think Kanga is at 5% and mime is at two for some weird reason. There there's a chart
on silph road, which is a great Reddit for Pokemon go. If you're not, uh, it's the silph road on
Reddit. It's a great resource. Yeah. I walked, I walked, you know, cause you kind of know the
area where my work is. So I walked all the way. I walked over the freeway cause they have that
walking trail. It's over the freeway. I walked all the way from there all the way down the Kilgore.
I went to the KP market on the way there and I went all the way down the Kilgore and it came
all the way back. That is very far. That is six miles. Wow. Okay. Well, you know what? Like,
I got to say that I'll give Pokemon go this like, you know, despite how ridiculous this egg event
has been, even though I'm over it now, cause I have three Kangas and three mimes. So I've
that I have also been doing a shit ton of walking because of it. You know what I do?
I don't even use, use the gotcha because you know what credits walking better than anything,
the watch. And it's the only thing that fucking watch app does decently. So I'll start my watch.
I have an Apple watch and I'll start my, my walking and I'll do it. And it tracks very,
and I can look anytime, see how much further I have to go. And it pushes me to walk more.
So I got to say, if nothing else, you know what this game is like gamifying, walking and exercise
in a way that everybody walks on the Nintendo DS. What was that? Never did. It was for me.
It's my Fitbit. My Fitbits really motivated me to walk every day in like three months. Cause I
walked, I do the three miles walking during lunch cause I can't do anymore. Cause that it's a really
long time. I just, I got away with it on Friday because most of my team was gone. And so it's
like, no one knows when I leave for lunch and no one knows when I come back, no one's paying
attention. So I was able to walk for two hours, but, uh, you know, it's just three miles a day
though. And then I do DDR at home. I mean, it's killer. Like my feet are just absolutely killing
me at the end of the day. But, but then I have so many calories, eat things I want to eat and then,
but I don't even eat all that stuff. And I didn't have tons of calories. I lost three pounds this
last week, I think, or this week. Good for you working on it. Just don't overdo it. Like I said,
I told you, I complimented you last week. It's noticeable. Uh, anyway,
Brad from pop culture says there needs to be trading with long distance friends.
I will say what is kind of cool though, is that the eggs still come from the place that they were
sent from. So like one of my Kangas cons is a Mexican Kangas con thanks to act deaf because
he had sent that egg, which opened up and ended up being a Kangas con. Uh, one of my Mr. Mimes
actually the third Mr. Mime I opened is from Atlanta. So I know three people in Atlanta.
So that egg either came from Bobby Black Wolf, his wife, or Charles from the Pokemon go podcast.
I don't think, you know, which I need two more friends. I added Alan. I still need two more
friends for that stupid quest. Put your code in chat. They'll help you out. I will.
By the way, Curtis told me he got like a flutter request. Thank you guys very much. I appreciate
that. Oh yeah. I need to add him. I forgot. There you go. Scroll up and chat. I saw Curtis last
night cause um, his, his boyfriend was having a um, a birthday party and uh, I said, so how
many people did you get from your phrase? Like, Oh my God, I have so many. So I was like, yay.
So there you go. Anyway, that made me laugh. Uh, somebody just joined chat to say, I will add you.
So get that code in the chat. Your problems will be over. You'll get, you'll get play. I have a lot
of people that, you know, listen to us already. So I was just, you know, Well, it's nice. It's
nice to know there's actually people out there and I will send you gifts. I have tons of gifts.
Like I will not. I'm horrible at sending gifts and I was gonna say, I didn't get to finish my
thought, but I said, Charles from the Pokemon go podcast adore him, but he's really bad with gifts
and I understand why he's the host of the Pokemon go podcast. I'm sure he has 200 friends. He has
max friends list. So I don't think the, in fact, I'm pretty sure the egg that the Mr. Mime was in
did not come from him. It had to have been Bobby or Jennifer. So it was one of one of the two of
them. Um, and actually I think it was Jennifer because Bobby's gifts usually come from not
Atlanta. They come from a different city, which I don't know if he wants me to say on there,
but he tends to send them from another city. So, um, yeah, there you go. Anyway. Um,
that was where I, so I like that, that the eggs are labeled with where, what friend basically
said, I'll just read it out on air. So if anybody's listening and it's not in chat,
we can do that. So my friend code seven, two, four, six, seven, six, four, four,
one, five, six, three. And I've already, Oh, and they're in chat as well.
I'll add people now. Okay. So all right. You're brave. I won't, no, no offense, but I won't give
my code out on air. Like you can ask for it, but I'm just like, when you ask for it, I'm going to
give you my disclaimer that I'm really shitty with gift giving. Cause I just don't like today.
I have been like, like lazy all that. I haven't left the fucking house yet,
which I kind of need to do cause I need to go spin a pokey stop to get my street going. But like,
I haven't gotten a single gift today to send out. So Sundays are just my lazy day.
Yeah. And Brad, I've already got you. So, all right. All right. Anyhow. Uh,
what I really wanted to talk about before we turned into a Pokemon go podcast. No, it's fine.
There's a lot. Pokemon go is still popular. Uh, but one thing that we were talking about last
week because these little nuttos, as people were calling him, the little nut things with
the nut for a head that would, and I'm talking about an ACE hardware store, not the dirty thing.
So yes, they did not have testicles for heads. It had a little ACE hardware nut for a head. And
then like maybe like a diddly body and you would catch it. The real question though is
has someone put the Royal crown on this thing yet? Shut up. Anyway. So, uh, the deal is that
Pokemon was officially unveiled this week with the real name. It's not called nutto. It's called
meltan is the actual name of that. Uh, and it is going to be a mythical Pokemon. So it's kind of
interesting that those are out in the wild because I would think you were going to catch that, uh,
through like a quest line or something in Pokemon go, but we'll see. They're still out there too.
The meltans are still out there. I've noticed because the other day, because I had my thing
catching Pokemon as I'm walking and stuff. And I looked at the other day, I'm like,
why do I have 12 dittos? That's too many dittos. I don't need this many.
Yeah. It's those dumb things. Well, if you're still stuck on that new quest,
like you've just come back, like it's act, this is like the best thing that's going to happen.
Yeah. Cause you find those. Yeah. Before they started this event with all the, you know,
uh, ghastlies out there is like, Oh, catch ghost Pokemon. And it's like, now it's like,
ah, that's no problem. Yeah. So anyway, um, so meltan is officially unveiled and it will be,
uh, in a new po- it was unveiled in a Pokemon let's go trailer. So that is the new Pokemon
that is going to be added to the Kanto Pokemon. Because again, if you weren't already aware,
Pokemon let's go Pikachu and let's go Eevee is only going to future. At least for now. I don't
know if they plan to expand it in the future, but only the gen one Pokemon, but they always tease,
there would be one more Pokemon that is a brand new Pokemon also in it. And it is meltan. So
it's kind of lame though. Well, it's, it is kind of neat though. Like kind of like Jason
said in tonight's intro that basically Pokemon go is now that established part of the cannon
where they have unveiled something that will affect the game boy games in the Pokemon go,
uh, or, uh, not Pokemon go Pokemon. Let's go. You can actually increase the stats of your Pokemon
that you have there too. So you can actually build those up to like a hundred percent or whatever,
which is nice. Be, and also you will be able to send Pokemon from your Pokemon go into the
switch. Let's go, but it will not go the other way. So if you weren't, if you're not already
aware, it is a one way street. You send your poacher. I'm positive because that's, they don't
want you to level all your stuff up and let's go and then send it back to Pokemon go. You'd be at,
you'd throw off the balance of the game because I thought that was the whole point. I thought that
you could store it like in the Poke ball or whatever and then you like walk and stuff and
it levels it up and you can send it back. It's kind of a glow. Yeah, but you can't put it in
Pokemon go is what I'm saying. And the Pokemon, basically that Poke ball is a glorified Pokemon
go plus. I mean it, it will do a couple extra things. It sounds like too, but it's basically
a glorified Pokemon go plus. All right, cool. Got my three friends. Yeah. Nice. Here you go.
I just have the evolve a grass type and evolve and evolved grass type of one. Yeah. That would
have been great last week. That just means like a Venusaur. I know. I know he means you have to
find one of them. Oh yeah. Why didn't you do a new chicory today? You should. Well, right. I
didn't have been chicory today. Well, that's fine. I have tons of bubble sores and stuff.
All right. And I was gonna say, just get the candy and evolve the second form or whatever
takes a hundred candy. Anyway. Yeah. All right. Um, moving on. That's plenty of Pokemon go talk.
Let's move on. Loki. You've hinted at this a bunch, which you're about to talk about.
We've already kind of brushed this topic because Microsoft officially said officially
said something on this. So they were working with razor, um, to help add support for keyboard and
mouse to games on the Xbox one. And so now they're enabling keyboard mouse support on Xbox one for
select Xbox insiders for the next few weeks. And then, um, right now it's going to be a game by
game thing. Developers bill to choose whether they want to implement it or not. That's pretty
cool that they're going to do that. And he said most wired and wireless keyboards and mice will
work on the Xbox one, which yeah, I would think so. It's just a keyword, a mouse. I mean, I can't
imagine a keyboard mouse that wouldn't work. Um, and then of course they're going to also have
maybe some razor gear that's going to have the Xbox logo on or something like that. But
it's interesting in somewhat like this. It makes me think unless, you know, of course they disable
it. But, um, you know, like Fortnite or not Fortnite, but, um, I guess the Fortnite would still
work too, but I would think that you would want to differentiate this person's on a keyboard mouse,
this person's in, you know, on controller. Kind of like I was mentioning about the,
what DDR used to do. Yeah. So, so I don't know. Um, that's going to be very interesting if, uh,
they start kind of allowing, I mean, it's weird because like PlayStation four already allows
keyboard and mouse, but so few games on certain games. Yeah. It's basic. The only one I can think
of is Final Fantasy 14. I don't know anything else that uses keyboard and mouse. And what's funny is
that back on the Xbox 360, I used to play Final Fantasy 11 with a keyboard on 360. So it's weird
to me that Xbox one, like we haven't been talking about keyboard and mouse, but we're talking about
more than just MMOs. We're talking about like using a keyboard and mouse to play first person
shooters, which I don't think any of these things have ever done. See, this is this right here is
a perfect point. It's like, this doesn't seem like that big a deal, but you think about it. I mean,
this is basically, it's like Microsoft is listening to their users. Like, yeah,
this is why we have backwards compatibility. This is why we have cross play. This is why we have mod
support. This is why we have keyboard and mouse now it's because they're listening to what people
want and they're giving them what they want, which I got to tell you, it goes a long way, you know,
towards when it comes to that next console, you're going to be thinking about, okay,
do I want the console that, you know, got its head up its ass because they think they're the
greatest thing on, you know, the earth. And, but yet they don't support these things. Where am I
going to pick this other console that has more support towards user-generated stuff and more
things that fans have been asking for? Because right now it used to be a performance issue
between the 360 and like the PlayStation 3, whereas the games would perform better on the
360, which is weird. Why did I get a PlayStation 4? But I don't know. And then exclusive games,
I guess, you know, but is that really all you play is exclusive games? No,
you play mostly cross platform games and, you know, which system is it going to play better on?
I don't know. All right. Well, yeah, I mean, with that whole thing, because I'm looking at chat,
Orange Right says I could see people complaining about people having an advantage with keyboard
and mouse though over controller. Well, haven't we now opened that box thanks to cross play?
I mean, the cross play you fought so hard for on PlayStation 4, now you're going to be playing
against PC people who are using keyboard and mouse, right? So this is something we kind of
have to figure out now, I think. So we'll see. Anyway, let's move on and talk about Nintendo
online cloud saves. Now we've talked about this a little bit already in the past about this whole
system, but it was clarified this week that the cloud saves are going to be, and of course now my
site isn't loading, but I believe the cloud saves are going to be there for six months. So if you
were a panic that Nintendo was going to delete your save, as soon as you let your Nintendo online
account expire, Nintendo did clarify that it's still going to be there for six months. I still
think many people would like to know that they could do a physical backup of some sort of those.
And I think that's what people would really like to be able to do is just like use a USB stick,
you know, kind of like the other consoles that you do. But at this time, at least it's not going
to be that your cloud saves are just going to disappear the first day anyway. So at least we
know that much, right? Yes, this is, I think, reasonable. This is basically putting them in
alignment with other services. So I'm completely fine with this now. Yeah. I mean, this is really
how they should have done it from the get go. And I'm glad it didn't take them very long to
realize that this is probably something they should do. Yeah. Anyhow, also, a little talk
about Virtual Console has slipped out there. And again, my site isn't loading, but I'm going off
of what I remember of this story is that they had said that there was in the files for the eShop,
I think, had recently been updated. And in those files for the eShop were references to Virtual
Console. So people were going crazy going, oh, my gosh, it's going to be Virtual Console. But
there's thought that they might have just copied over some type of master database file from the
3DS. So this might not quite be what you think it is. Yeah. So basically, a switch to Datamire
notice that switch eShop JSON file had just been updated and now contains references to
the terms Virtual Console, SNES, Game Boy, Game Boy Color, Nintendo 64, Game Boy Advance and DS.
And now there's two way. They basically said there's two ways to look at this. Perhaps
it's just a carryover from the 3DS or on the other hand, maybe it's just something to hint
that there's a Virtual Console service coming on the switch. Well, Nintendo hasn't said anything
about Super Nintendo or GameCube. Well, actually, what I think this would really be for would be
Wii and GameCube. I think if we're going to go, why wouldn't they just sell the freaking Wii games
like they were doing on Wii U for a little bit? Why not sell those full functional games? Maybe
though, since there's no infrared bar, maybe it's not as easy as I think it is. Although wouldn't
those controllers be able to emulate the function, but they couldn't tell where you were pointing,
could they? Because there's no infrared sensor. It would be very difficult. Yeah.
Some games would work that didn't maybe use the infrared. So like, you know, you could do like
an excite truck or something like that, but then you would need to. And also there's, you remember,
there's the games that they had on the Nvidia Shield in Korea or China or wherever the hell it
was where they actually had Wii games. And some of those did work. Like I can't remember. I don't
remember how they got around. I think what they did as far as like the pointer stuff, they just
use the second analog stick as the pointer on the screen. So you just would have like a cursor or
something like that. So maybe that would work, but it's not going to work for all games, but not
every single game use motion controls either. So it may work for some things. Okay. Good to know.
All right. Well, let's move on just a couple more stories before we get to the classic game
of the week. Loki. All right. So PlayStation is not going to be doing a PlayStation experience
for 2018. They are going to be skipping 2018 and waiting until next year. So they said for 2018,
I know this is going to be a disappointment for some people, but we decided not to hold
the PlayStation experience this year. We wouldn't have had enough to bring people all together in
some location in North America to even have an event. We don't want to set the expectations
really high and then not deliver on it. So interesting that they're not going to be doing
anything. I mean, I guess it makes sense. They kind of released a bunch of stuff already. Maybe
the other stuff that they showed is just not ready yet. But guess what? Microsoft has your back
because they've got XO 18 coming November 10th and 11th to Mexico City. So it's going to be the
fourth annual Xbox Fan Fest. So PlayStation is not having a fan fest, but Microsoft is.
And it's interesting about the Microsoft one is it's not in the U.S., Europe. They're having it
in Mexico. So it's kind of interesting how Microsoft is trying to appeal to a broader
global community. Yeah. Kind of what that says to me. And then, of course, they're going to show
they said they're going to have the largest Inside Xbox episode ever. During that time,
there's going to be some first looks and surprise live streams. And they're going to be doing some
coverage through Mixer throughout that weekend. So basically, they'll be doing some announcements,
maybe. I mean, I don't know how high you want to set the bar, but maybe akin to
what they were doing at PSX when they were doing PSX in the winter. Remember how they would do
quite some big unveiling at that expo and maybe they just didn't have the unveiling this year.
What do you think caused Sony to say not this year? Maybe they just had a lot of maybe they
just released a bunch of games and so they don't really have like maybe The Last of Us 2 and
the other games that they were showing off at E3 are just not.
I mean, I guess they could do the E3 demos and stuff, but they didn't want to recycle
the same thing. Maybe. Yeah. Yeah. Interesting. Let's see. Going to chat at live.vognetwork.com
actdeft, who's in Mexico, but obviously Mexico is a very big place is in a very different part.
He says, I kind of want to go to the XO18 event, but it's too close to plan. And I have stuff to
do that weekend. So he probably want to get out there. It sounds like, but that's still kind of
neat that we'll have that convention and can watch a feed on. Hopefully the feed is in English or
we'll have subtitles or translate or something. Yeah, hopefully. So we can understand whatever
the announcements are. That would be pretty exciting. But I do find that very interesting
that maybe Microsoft's targeting a more global type of build. If they're losing the war in Japan,
why not try to win it in Latin America? You know, it's interesting. It's interesting. It's
interesting tactic. We'll see how it works. All right. Anyhow, let's talk about some more of the
fallout from Telltale's sudden closure. Stranger Things over on, which was a game that Telltale
was supposed to be doing for Netflix. Netflix has come out and said, they're still going to do it.
They're still moving ahead with the Stranger Things game. They said in a statement, we are
saddened by news about Telltale games. They develop many great games in the past and left
indelible mark on the industry. Minecraft story mode is still moving forward as planned. We are
in the process of evaluating other options for bringing the Stranger Things universe to life
in an interactive medium. So they're not letting that go. And did you see that tweet from Devolver?
Where Devolver was basically like, if you want to give it to us, we'll do it. And we'll hire
former Telltale devs to help. And they were, they already knew what studio would do it too.
Is there studio that did code or something? Yeah. No code. So, um, yeah, I thought that was very
interesting. So, uh, we'll see where this game ends up. And I think that would be very cool
if some, uh, Telltale people were able to get, get jobs, uh, uh, helping to build this. Although
I think that developer was in Europe. So some people may not want to uproot all the way to
Europe, but maybe, you know, something, maybe something can be workable. Who knows? Um,
other news about Telltale though, and this is the part that in some ways I think is more fascinating,
uh, just to me to kind of watch, like all this news kind of going out is because, um, so people
bought the full walking dead season in advance with the expectation that the walking dead
episode one, two, three, four, the final season would be released as they've always been. But
Telltale closed right before episode two came out. Episode two still came out because like,
it was the Friday before the Tuesday it was supposed to come out. So it was probably in
the box ready to go, so to speak. So episode two still came out, but we have no plan. We have no
word on how they're going to get episode three and four out, or if they will, because they basically
already sold this to some people. Uh, so some people are pissed off because essentially it's
stolen money. If these games disappear, it's basically stolen money. But on the flip side,
if Telltale were to continue to develop these games, which by the way is the statement from
Telltale that says, hi everyone, we have a walking dead update for you. Multiple potential partners
have stepped forward to express interest in helping to see the final season through to
completion. We can't make any promises today. We're actively working towards a solution
that will allow episodes three and four to be completed and released in some form.
In the meantime, episode two will release tomorrow across all platforms as planned.
We hope to have answers for your other questions soon. So, okay, either they're going to turn it
over to another developer who's expressed interest in buying it for a share of the profit or
something, or maybe they're going to outsource it. I don't know, but at the end of the day,
then you have to kind of look at it and go, okay, well, they're going to deliver on this thing that
they sold, but at what price? Because they fucked over their developers that they fired
without severance. There's a class action lawsuit now because yeah, I saw that too. So, um, but now
it's like, okay, so even if they get these games finished, the people that are going to get paid
for it, is it going to be the people who really put their heart and soul into the story story and
the people who made it, it doesn't seem like it will be because those people were not given any
types of severance. So in a way, it's almost better if Telltale just like fucking doesn't
do the followups and offers to refund the money, which they probably can't do. We all know they
can't do because of this bankruptcy, this sudden thing they've done. So the executives at Telltale
fuck the company pretty good. And unfortunately, fuck the customers, fuck their employees,
and now, you know, who knows what's going to come of this? Who would have thought, you know,
at the beginning of the year, we'd be talking about Telltale like this, who would have thought?
I know it's crazy, right? Well, some people would have tell you this was a long time coming,
but that's neither here nor there. Anyway, apparently things haven't been running well
there for quite some time, but anyway, I'm not one to go. So anyway, let's, let's go back to a
time when you know what, it was just, it was, it was more nor there wasn't episodic games. There
was cartridge games and you got one. That's it. We're going to take a step back in time and we're
going to go way back in time. Thanks to radio magic and check out the classic game of the week.
And so we travel back in space and time to bring you the classic game of the week
where dark soccer is going to join us via Skype this week. Hi Jamie, how are you?
I'm all right. How are you? I'm good. You don't have to lie to the listeners. You've been under
the weather. That can't be super good. Yeah. I have a sinus infection, which as usual,
it goes right into my lungs. Well, I'm glad you could fight all that to still join us
this week here on Orange Laundry to bring us the classic game of the week. Because as I always say,
you step into the gaming vault and find a game that you've been playing where you're like, Hey,
you brats play this game or I'm going to punch you in the face. So what is the classic game
of the week? Popeye. Yay. I love, I love this game. This is one of those games where
I was just, this is one of those games where how have we not done this game before?
I love this game. No idea, but I'm going to punch people the way that Popeye punches vultures
by eating some spinach. Although canned spinach is gross. True story. When I was a kid,
my mom used to buy the Popeye brand canned spinach so that my brothers and I would eat it.
Oh, I can't. Spinach is like the grossest way to do it.
It is totally gross, but it works when you're making lasagna though. And it works in this game.
Yes. So Popeye came out in 1983 and it was developed and released by Nintendo.
Of course, based on Popeye from King, a future syndicate.
As a platformer though, you couldn't jump, you had a punch button. So it also was licensed by
Atari to be released in the UK and Ireland. And it actually had an Atari cabinet for them as well.
It also was supposed to be eventually what became Donkey Kong. The characters were going to be used
in another game, but Nintendo couldn't get a license for it. So then Donkey Kong came around.
So into the actual gameplay, you have to collect a certain number of items that are
dropped by olive oil. 24 hearts, 16 music notes, or 24 letters in the word help. You have to avoid
the sea hag, Bluto or Brutus as he was in this one and other, you know, things. He walks back
and forth and up and down the stairs. They use a four-way joystick. There's a punch button,
but no jump button like in other games. He can jump down a level, well Brutus can jump down a
level, or stoop and reach the levels below. He can also reach Popeye on levels above.
Your enemies that you have, apart from, you know, the big bads like the sea hag and them,
are vultures, which, you know, whatever game, can you punch a vulture in the face?
Skulls and bottles. And then you can get a can of spinach in each level. They'll get Popeye
invincibility and they can knock out Bluto Brutus by running into him, although he will swim back
out and try to, you know, get you again. Round one is the dock and you have a three-round cycle
that takes you off to different levels. And then the four-round cycle is you have the pogie bag,
which you can knock loose a barrel to get stuff out of. The barrel can also fall on Brutus's head.
You get points for that too. So other characters in the game, you also have olive oil, like I said,
sweet pea and wimpy, you know. I will gladly pay you tomorrow for a burger today.
And then, you know, you get, you lose life if you were hit by any of the baddies.
There were other releases. There were ports to the TRS-80, Color Computer 2,
Commodore 64, the TI-99-4A, Atari 8-bit, Intellivision, Atari 2600, Atari 5200,
ColecoVision, which was one of the good versions of it. And it was also one of the games that was
ported to the Odyssey 2. There is a board game based on this that came out in 1983,
and a Popeye tabletop video game with a color LCD, but it was not based on the arcade game.
It also was released later on in 1983 for the Famicom along with Donkey Kong and Donkey Kong Jr,
ported by Parker Brothers, except for the Nintendo version that was handled by Nintendo itself,
the NES, sorry. It was, basically it even had a sequel for the Famicom that came out
on November 22, 1983, which was Popeye no Eigo Asobi, which basically translates to
Popeye's English Game, which also came out along with the later Donkey Kong Jr. Math.
And Namco did one in 2008 where they did an enhanced remake for mobile phones
that also had a bonus stage, and then an extra level that actually played to a Popeye short
called A Dream Walking, where Popeye had to save the sleepwalking olive oil and had some
trivia stuff in there. And then you could earn tokens, which you used to buy old comic strips
from, you know, the Simple Theater that later became the full Popeye shorts. And there you go.
All right. That was the game. I love this game. I had this on Commodore 64,
so that's the version I remember. And I don't remember being very good, but,
you know, just kind of like looking back on this game, I can't believe how much the computer gets
to cheat because Bluto can't, you know, he can kind of get you above, he can get you below,
so you kind of have to really like watch out for him or like psych him out and try to get him to
go early. And now I'm watching this playthrough that we're getting the music from, and I didn't
even remember this. Maybe the Commodore 64 version wasn't programmed for this. But once you get
through that three round cycle, you go back to the first port, obviously, with the hearts,
and now I see that the Sea Hag is throwing skulls at you as if the bottles weren't enough.
Yeah, and don't forget vultures too. Yeah, the vultures are in the last,
they're in the pirate ship, the help stage. Yeah, but you can punch them in the face.
You can punch them. I was actually watching the player in this video is punching the
vulture in the face pretty much as much as possible. It's pretty impressive.
Yeah, there it is. All right. Your classic game of the week, Popeye for originally the arcade,
but then was really released everywhere else in the 80s. As Jamie outlined everywhere that it
could be in the 80s, even the Odyssey two. So we have a little extra time here, but I know
you're sick and want to go soon. But I thought I would bug you a little bit because I know,
didn't you end up going to the Transformers thing still on Thursday?
Yes, I did. Well, we'd had our tickets for a month. There's no way I was missing that,
although I did have to step out halfway through the movie. Sure. But I came back in time for
dare to be stupid. Which if you don't make that the the fortune cookie, I'm going to cry.
I will try my best to remember. But between the time that we're taping this and the time
the show is live, I may I may forget. So maybe the chatters have to text you to pester you.
What's that? I will text you to pester you. That's a great idea. I always
appreciate a text message from Dark Sakura. I treasure everyone. I have a folder.
Like the ones where I harass you at work. The thing is, she's not lying.
Rob, I found this meme. Coffee.
All right. And you're still Trixie Mattel on my phone.
Yeah, you're still Katya on my phone. Heart. Yay.
Any parting thoughts for the listeners as we go back to the present time?
Well, I wanted to say one thing actually about seeing Transformers the movie is that
a bunch of people did actually stay in the theater to watch the whole credits.
And after the movie, there was actually an interview with Stan Bush, who did, you know,
the touch and saying dare in the movie. But he's talking about just, you know,
how those songs kind of changed the course of his music and how it was actually recorded for
the movie Cobra with Sylvester Stallone. Oh, wow.
Yeah. And then he's like, it ends up in some cartoon. Hey, this is pretty cool.
All right. Well, I'm gonna have to get my tickets for next time, I guess, since I missed it this
time. But, you know, Jamie, I do have my tickets for Gaga's Star is Born. So I'm very excited
about that. I kind of want to see it because I haven't. I did see like the one that wasn't
like the 70s. The Barbra Streisand one or the Judy Garland one?
The Barbra Streisand. Okay. You know, the interesting thing?
Because of Barbara and she's like Butta. She is like Butta. The interesting thing,
I'll leave you with this little random ass fact that has nothing to do with games, but deal with
it. So, you know, this is gonna be the fourth Star is Born movie because there was the Judy
Garland one, the Barbra Streisand one, and there was one in the 1930s. Well, the Star is Born from
the 1930s is public domain now. So because I guess the license was never renewed or something
happened with it, where it didn't like it is now in the public domain. So you can actually watch
the entire like Star is Born from the 1930s like on Wikipedia and stuff and on YouTube because it's
public domain. That's cool.
Kind of interesting, huh? Little random fact. Yeah. Maybe that's something that we should do
one night is just have classic movies. Yeah. And we can stream it.
Yeah, because they're public domain. With commentary.
You could do that. And there's some. There's a few modern movies that fall in that category,
too. Like Wikipedia has a whole article on it. Like, you know, do what I do and stay up until
2 a.m. reading random Wikipedia articles. And there's a Wikipedia article on movies that are
in the public domain and why. It's fascinating. I wonder if any of our listeners would like that,
like on our twitches. Like, watch Rob and Jamie watch old shit.
Why not? Let us know in our Discord over at vognetwork.com slash Discord. Cheap plug.
Do it.
All right. Any party shots here, Jamie, while we go back?
I like Sudafed.
Thanks, Jamie. And I hope the Sudafed is working and you're feeling much better.
Meanwhile, we've got some more gaming news to get into, including some rapid fire news before
we get to your calls. Still on Skype for now at Orange Lounge Radio, all one word on Skype. But
the first Loki wants to start us off with some rapid fire news. So there's been an announcement
that Castlevania Symphony of the Night and Rondo of Blood will be coming out on PlayStation 4
October 26. It's going to be a collection of the two games for the first time available digitally
together. And that's coming out on the 26th of October.
Well, it's kind of a lie because didn't they do this on the Vita?
I don't think they were together, though. I thought they were together on the Vita.
Oh, well, it doesn't matter. Whatever the case may be.
We have confirmation on that thing that leaked last week.
Yes, exactly. So neat. Check it out. I don't like the fact that their letterbox,
or not letterbox, but like in a frame. I wish they had a way to like, you know,
enhance it or something like that. But going to chat at live.vognetwork.com,
Dark Tetsuya says, I'm mad it's a Sony exclusive, but what can you do? Frown.
You know, that's a good point. I saw some people kind of bellyaching on Twitter a little bit about
that. I shouldn't say a negative word like that, but, you know, some people giving feedback on
Twitter that, you know, it's weird that they just announced Simon for, you know, Super Smash
Brothers Ultimate. And yet the Switch, none for you buy. This is a PlayStation exclusive.
Maybe a timed exclusive. You never know. Could be. Maybe. Maybe they've got something
else in store for the Switch. Don't hold. Don't lose hope.
There's a lot of those DS games of the Green Master that, you know, pretty good. So.
Then, of course, another flashback console. But you may be asking, well, what,
what possible system could this be for? And the answer that I have no fucking clue because it's
a bunch of games and they're just from fucking everything. So it's called the Legends Flashback
Consoles coming out October 1st. So tomorrow, it's because it's a hodgepodge of licenses from
like Capcom and like Taito. I don't remember all that. Yeah, it's a Capcom Bandai Namco.
There's Tetris, Data East, Acclaim. So you got a big bunch of games all kind of jammed in there.
So what can you expect with it? Well, they've got stuff like Bad Dudes versus Dragon Ninja,
Burger Time, Super Burger Time. That's all I need. I'm good. Let's get it. Galaga,
you know, Joe and Mac, Mappy, Mega Man 1 and 2. They have Super Street Fighter 2, Strider.
Of course, Tetris and lots of other things. Total of 50 games in all.
And how much is it going to cost? I have no idea because they didn't mention that.
But it will be HDMI, have Safe States and Rewind. And it looks like they have Sega Genesis type
controllers. So hooray. Hooray. All right. Christmas gift. Yeah, it might be if you just
aren't getting enough retro consoles. There you go. Guess what? There's probably another one coming
because Liquid Media out of Vancouver just purchased the rights to 65 classic video game
titles, potentially opening the door to revival. So this company Liquid Media has gotten some of
the properties which include Bust to Move. Sadly, not the dancing game. We're talking about Bubble
Bobble because that would be the same franchise. NBA Jam also in this as well. Yeah, that's kind
of probably the most interesting one that they have. I thought EA would have had the rights to
that. You would think, but I guess for whatever reason, no, maybe it was because it was actually
Midway. EA was maybe you had it for a short time, but they let it lapse because they did
any jam. But now they've got their street thing instead, which is basically NBA Jam. Well, they
had NBA Street beforehand. Yeah. And Street is now part of NBA Live. And then, of course, they did
NFL Blitz and NBA Jam, but I don't think neither either of those were pretty good. So. So anyway,
they are making some comments on, you know, basically acquiring this and it's the acquisition
is going to help build the catalog. But what I think is interesting. OK, here's the thing.
So the chairman of Liquid Media Group, the chairman of Liquid Media Group is Joshua Jackson,
the actor from Doss's Creek. Remember? Yes. I did not know that's where he went because I was like,
I haven't seen him. And so what ever happened to that guy? Oh, this is what happened to that guy.
So anyway, you might be interested what he has to say if you want to know what was the name,
Pacey was Pacey's name. Anyway, he said, so many people, myself included,
are returning to the classics. The nostalgia brought on by this resurgence in retro games
connects us to our childhoods and creates incredible demand. So if I had the money to
buy rights for games, I would buy rates to games. See it. Tiberi wants to remind us.
Fringe was a very important. Oh, yes. Oh, yes. Yeah. There you go. Complete forgot he was in
that anyway. Speaking of throwbacks, DDR's 20th anniversary. So last week we had the countdown
clock. Now we know what it is. It's basically a throwback mode on DDR Ace machines. So what
happened is that basically they unlocked these new categories. I knew they call. Yeah. What
are they called folders of folders? So there's like a a folder to represent one, two, three,
four and fifth mix, a folder to represent Max Max to an extreme and a folder represent Supernova and
Supernova two. Uh, and then you have, and I think they have X in there as well to X and X two,
they do X, X two and X three versus second. Uh, and then I guess technically there is a folder
for 2013 and ACE, which I mean, why not? It's reference. It's all of the other songs, but it's
just okay. But here's the bummer. So it has the folder that represents one, two, three,
four, and five, obviously like near and dear to my heart, because that was when you and I were
playing DDR like a lot when those was your bed, but it's like two mixes of paranoia,
which that song has played the fuck out trip machine. Brilliant to you, which is cool.
Still in my heart. I mean, it's kinda, it's like, it's nine songs, all this shit. That's
been on every single mixture. It's basically every now key song and all his pseudonyms.
But then when you get into max, yeah, it's basically every now key song you could ever
imagine. Uh, and B for you is, uh, in the, these little throwbacks, but it's, it's still cool.
I know I'm being a bitch, but it's really, it's pretty cool that you can go back and play max 300
1998 bag, what they do though. So the style, the classic backgrounds. Yeah. Well,
the styles are different too. So like you pay the first, uh, I think like the second mixed stuff
or whatever, it actually does it in flat where, you know, everything looked like it did before
the fail screens and the warrant screens are the same. Even in the max mode, they have that
warning shark thing, which I completely forgot because it's not in, you know, extreme. Um, but
they have those in the backgrounds and stuff. I like the backgrounds better than the dancers,
to be honest. I've seen the dancers in the last few games. That's just some weak shit.
Because we just don't want to create art. So we just, you know, default. I get it.
They have that in other games too, but orange right in chat says,
I hope this is still around the next time I go to round one. I have to do,
I'm actually going to be going to round one on Friday because Delvin has never been to one.
So we're going to go over there and Dave and busters too. Oh, that's true. But still,
we're going to go to round one just cause you know, he's never been. And I want to,
I'll probably, it's been a while. Yeah. I'm going to go on the Bay area at the end of the month,
but, um, I don't think I'm gonna get to round one. All right. Well, good luck. I have a family
in tow. So, you know, Oh, family always getting in the way. All right. Let's, uh, let's check
out some things that maybe Loki can stay home and play, uh, as they are coming out in stores this
week. Yes. So this week we've got, um, starting off with Astro bot rescue mission on PlayStation
four. We have Batman, the enemy within that's on Nintendo switch four is a horizon four on
windows 10 PC and X-Box one, uh, fist of the North star lost paradise on PlayStation four
mega man 11 on PC switch PlayStation four and X-Box one, uh, valve theory in arc hero school
story on PC switch and PlayStation four assassins creed odyssey on PC PlayStation four and X-Box one
super Mario party on the switch. And that's it. And actually it was funny. Um, cause I,
I got kind of scared for a second there when I read super Mario party is not going to be,
it does not work in handheld mode, which I was like, ah, but it's apparently you have,
you can do it in tabletop mode. You just can't do it with the controllers attached,
which is fucking stupid, but whatever. Oh, it's because isn't it because that whole new thing
where you put the screens next to each other, like, uh, that's supposed to be a big selling
point for Mario party. But if you play it on TV, you can't do that. So it's, I think it's because
the games require motion controls and it's kind of hard to do that with the screen attached. Okay.
That makes sense though. That'd be my guess. Yeah, no, it makes sense. I was like, ah, crap. I can't
get it for the kids. Now it's cause the motion, but then I was like, ah, it's fine. All right.
So I'm sure some people will be checking out super Mario party, uh, and, and all new friendships
thanks to super Mario party. Yes, it might. I will be getting that and probably for a surprise
before and maybe make a man 11. I don't know. I mean, wait for sale for making male 11.
All right. Well, let's travel to Japan and check out some of the releases there. So
assassin's creed is actually getting a release. Assassin's creed odyssey gets a Japanese release
the same time we get it. So they're actually getting that a little bit early on October 2nd
and then their normal release day, which would be the fourth. They get rock man 11,
which of course is mega man. Uh, they get a game on PlayStation four called Astro bot rescue
mission. And lastly, uh, I think this is a price reduction. I think this game is already out,
but Senran Kagura Estival versus show Jotachi no Sentaku, which is going into a series called
best up, which I'm not familiar with, but I think that just means it's, you know, yeah. Cause it's,
it's like the equivalent of 1999 in Japan. And if you want to know what this game is, it's, uh,
it's everyone knows that Senran Kagura is it's big enemy titties. Is it? Okay. That's all it is.
I was gonna say they're going to the beach fan service. The game is going to the beach.
You know where that's going? I mean, I'm sorry. They're ninjas, ninjas.
It's their bikinis all the time. Too gay to know what you're talking about. Sorry.
Uh, let's go to, and that is literally my excuse. All right. Going to the Nintendo switch.
Rockman 11 is, uh, out of course, as it's on the switch as well as the PlayStation and all that
we know this week. Um, switch also has a game called Sumiko Gurashi Atsumare Sumiko Town.
It comes out this week on the switch. Otherwise Rockman would be probably the big release over
there, uh, on the switch this week. Don't see anything on the 3DS this week. Um, except I guess
the amiibo figure would work on the 3DS, uh, for Rockman. Um, if you wanted to get trash items and
games or that, you know how, like, if the amiibo isn't supported in a certain game,
it'll still give you something trash. It gives you e-tanks. Yeah. Well, no, I'm not even talking
about with making man 11 specific specifically, but like say you're playing breath of the wild
and you tap an amiibo that has nothing to do with Zelda or any of that. You just get like random
treasure, right? That's been a while since I've done breath of the wild, but you get random shit,
basically. So if you want to use your mega man amiibo to get random shit, you can do that. Even
on the 3DS. It is super handy though. And Odyssey to tap bowsers. I could see where the coins are
then missing. Yeah, I know some of the amiibo functionality is neat, but that's about it. All
right. Well, how about the UK? A dark soccer is not here, but can you help us out? UK is getting
pretty much the same stuff we got over here in North America. So fist of the North star
lost paradise coming out on PlayStation four for the horizon four on PC and Xbox one,
make me 11 on PC, PlayStation four and Xbox one, Assassin's Creed Odyssey.
That's going to be on PlayStation four and Xbox one and PC. And apparently if you order from
game, you get it a few days early, whoopty shit. Astro bought rescue mission on PlayStation four,
a game called song of memories on the switch and PlayStation four, super Mario party and party on
the switch. And then they also have these Assassin's Creed Odyssey coming out the regular
time PlayStation four and Xbox one, which is, oh, the early access edition is $30 or 30 pounds more.
No. Oh boy. I hope it includes all the DLC or something. It's probably, yeah, it's probably
like a collector's edition or something. Oh, and I'm sorry. There's one more. Uh, we have, uh,
to be fair, it's the same thing for us is doing for us. It came out a few days. And apparently
they're doing the same thing with other games too. So we have mutant league football dynasty
edition on PlayStation four, Xbox one and the switch and WWE two K 19 early access as well,
which is going to be on PlayStation four, Xbox one PC. Um, that's a week early. This must be
the new norm. Pay more money for early access quite a bit. Yeah. And it's the 30, 30, 30 pounds
more. All right. Not worth it. Well, I mean, but, well, I mean, but again, like in the case
of Forza, like if you know you're going to get all the DLC, you know, you might as well,
you know, I, I kind of get it. I just assassin's creed. I don't know if I have that same commitment
to, this is such a busy week with all these games coming out. Like, you know, fours, uh,
SAS, this creed, mega man, like super Mario party. This is a huge week, you know, which
we're getting into that season. It's the first week of October. Here comes the holiday releases.
We got like call of duty in a few weeks and get ready. All out with 76,
Red Dead Redemption, all the big year, you know, there's a new Red Dead Redemption thing on Monday
Yeah. They're supposed to actually show more gameplay. That'd be nice.
They shouldn't have, I don't need to see a ton of gameplay or no, I'm going to get it. So
all right. That's all good. Let's go to the mailbag because every week you guys send us
emails and we read emails. And if you want to send emails, you should participate at orange
lounge, radio.com is the place to send us emails. Again, that's participate at orange lounge radio.
We got two emails this week. First one coming to us from Robert M. Robert M says not much to talk
about right now. Just wanted to send an email. Uh, I'm probably going to get Jack box party pack
five on switch instead of my old Mac book pro just for easier setup right now. Steam's only showing
the game for windows and steam box. Well, steam is not going to show it for the consoles because
they want you to buy it on steam, hoping to get more local multiplayer going in general.
Uh, so he brings up Jack box party pack five, which you haven't really talked a lot about on
the show, but I didn't realize they had the fifth one coming out. Oh yeah. Yeah, I know. Right.
It's like now it's become such a, Oh yes. We're used to hearing about a new one every year, but
this is the year that they're bringing back. You don't know Jack. So that's pretty exciting.
Oh yeah. Yeah. So, and then I think everything else is new. I think the, the, you don't know
Jack is the only kind of like revival game and everything else is new, but I'll get it because
those games, God, those games are so easy to just, you know, get a party going. I'm really glad that
like Jack box kind of like has their MO figured out with these yearly releases and they're doing
very well and everybody I know plays them. Even people that aren't like super big gamers
because they're like board games basically. Yeah. And so they kind of replace it's nice because
it's board games without having to have all the board games and without some asshole flipping the
board over in the middle of the game. And also without having to clean off your table to put
the board game on the table because it's decided to dump all their shit on the table as well as
the rest of the house. So there's no place to play board games anywhere. I feel like this is
turning into a venting session for you. It's just anybody with kids would know. I understand. Anyway,
continuing with Robert M's email, hopefully this isn't an irresponsibly dumb joke mess,
much less one I've already sent. What is Ryu's favorite music game? Taiko no Tazuuchan,
I think was how I was supposed to read that. I don't know. Anyway, that's pretty good. Robert
M you probably should have to send a voicemail or something in the future if you want it said
the way you wanted it said. So there you go. And that was a really dumb joke, but thank you.
All right, moving on. Email number two from serial emailer. I feel like I should have like a theme
that goes with this, but we always enjoy hearing from our pal YYR who says, hello, LR. I have to
agree with act devs call into last week's show. The recently announced PlayStation classic as a
product just seems unfinished or possibly half-assed. First of all, the fact that only
five out of the 20 promise games have been announced is kind of like a red flag to me.
Certainly Sony knows that folks will be lining up to pre-order this thing and that there's no
need to drip feed game announcements. Why hold them back? Is it because they're not even sure
yet themselves or are they afraid that the list won't be well received? It's just very strange
to me that we don't know about the majority of the games yet. I agree with this. Like why drip
feed this information? Cause it's a tease because then they can do the long, long game with
advertising. Nintendo is the king of teasing this shit way longer than is necessarily. They didn't
do this for the classic NES. Yes they did. Did they really? They did. They only announced some
of the games and they announced them later on. They did the same with the SNES classic too.
I thought we knew them all right out the gate. No, we didn't. We knew about some of them.
I know with the Switch thing, we only knew half out the gate and then we got the other half later
on. I'm pretty sure that it wasn't everything to begin with, but at the same time though,
is this thing targeting this year to come out or is it next year? I can't remember with the
PlayStation classic. It's this year. Are they trying to target holiday for this? I believe so,
yeah. I know, right? It's weird. Anyway, secondly in YYRS email, at least one of the five announced
games is a driving game that takes full advantage of analog controls. However, they're not including
dual shot controllers in the box. Thank you. Does this mean that they are going to sell them
separately as upgrades, pushing the final price of this thing even higher? It sounds a bit shady
to me, quite honestly. And since the majority of the later PS1 games use analog controls,
it makes me wonder if the whole thing is compromised because of it. Third,
YYRS laundry list of what were the problems of this thing. Sony seems to have missed a home run
here. They've built an ecosystem that houses literally hundreds of digital PS1 games. Why not
allow the PlayStation classic to connect to the PlayStation store where you could then download
any PS1 game you've already bought for no extra charge. Well, think about what you're saying YYR
and think about what Sony gets away with. And to be fair, what Nintendo gets away with too.
Or purchase more of them for the normal price of $6 each. Wouldn't this be kind of a no brainer?
They could even update the firmware to try to slow down hackers, which I suppose would be your
retort is that the hackers are going to, well, I mean, YYR, I guess that would be the retort
to the retort. Hackers are going to blow this thing wide open anyway. It doesn't matter.
It's going to happen. There's no way around it. It's probably going to happen much quicker
because I'm guessing, if anything, they're recycling the emulator from probably another
system like the PSP or the Vita or something like that. And they're going to adapt it for
whatever this is. It's got to have enough to onboard storage because if you think about it,
this is going to hold several disc worse of games. I mean, look at Final Fantasy 7 is three
discs already. And our four was two discs. And I'm trying to think with the other stuff that was
in there. I know there's other games that are multiple. Lots of games had lots of discs. Yes.
So there's lots of storage on this thing. I mean, just to hold all this. The question,
the answer is, I suppose you're going to be able to play all those games if you're willing to
resort to the darker side of the Internet, which I am ethically. Are you willing to do that at the
end of the day, though? Is it still worth it to pick it up to do that? I mean, because,
you know, didn't I kind of say this on last week's show, too? We were talking about this,
as I said, they really missed an opportunity to just shove Vita TV into this thing. And not that
I think the Vita TV is, you know, obviously, because we all know how Sony feels about the
Vita at this point, but you could have had PlayStation now, like you could have Trojan
horse that thing into this. And, oh, you get all these classic games and push this little button
here to charge your card. And you can play PlayStation three games and even more than just
the classics. Push now. Push now. Right. Like, I feel like Sony missed an opportunity or maybe
they didn't. We're about to find that out. But I just I feel like they sell these games backwards
compatible for the place. I know. You see the no, because, you know, it's because they've got
a copy Nintendo because look, it was like the top selling console, whatever. But here's the problem.
Like PlayStation four can't handle PS one games. It can. It can totally handle a PlayStation three
can handle the PSP can handle it. So this shit can fucking handle. But the problem is like,
here's the thing. Super Nintendo games and NES games, they look nice when you scale them up on
TV. And nowadays, you know, they look nice because it's just it wasn't rendering low poly stuff.
These games don't I don't think are going to be as well received as like those games. And I say,
I wonder the same thing about the Nintendo 64 classic, which is supposedly still happening,
because that may not be as fondly received as well, because those, you know, this is for as
blurry as shit. So I'm just worried that it's not going to be as like well received as the
SNES classic or the NES classic. I think if anything tend to be smarter to go with like a
Game Boy classic and have it portable or just fucking put the games out on the goddamn platforms
that you have so we can buy them. All right, calm down. Let me finish. Why is email here? So
why ends up here? Where did he? They could even update the firmware, try slow down hackers.
That's where we left off. So I also want to know more about the hardware before I even begin to
consider preordering the thing. Are the ports on the front USB? If so, can I connect to DualShock
three or four to them? Can I use the included controllers of the PC? These are all questions
that could represent either added value or missed opportunities. So yeah, the announcement of the
PlayStation classic just looks to me like a big bunch of questions. I hope they plan to answer
some of them before it releases, but you just never know, do you? Have fun YYR. Thank you for
the email. And honestly, we don't always agree YYR, but I'm with you 100% on this. In fact,
I think I named some extra things you missed, but you're right. There's the same reason why I didn't
preorder one. I just, I'm kind of burned out on the classic machines right now. I just, the early
PlayStation 1 stuff that didn't have DualShock is not like classic, I don't know, classic enough to
me right now. And like Final Fantasy 7, I think I called out last week as well. I was like, okay,
enough. Like how many fucking times are going to re-release Final Fantasy 7 when we know this
remake's on the horizon anyway, right? Didn't we just hear about the Nintendo Switch version and
we were supposed to get excited about that like two weeks ago? And now it's like, oh,
but it's in the PlayStation classic, like enough. So it's just, I don't know. It's,
I like R4, but I have it on my PC now. I played it through an emulator and I got to tell you,
it didn't look very good. I love R4. I think the real question, not look very good. I think the
real question is going to be, what does this thing look like when the hackers blow it wide open?
And that's, that's, admit it. That's what you all want to know. That's what you all want to know
is, you know, and, and to be fair, you know, I realize it's an ethical question because you're
downloading things you might not have paid for, but at the same time, many of you just want to be
able to play the PlayStation 1 games that are just collecting dust in your closet on the consoles
are currently hooked up to your TV. So if you are quote unquote stealing, maybe you're going to be
doing things you already own and want to play. Does it make sense? It's stupid. It really is.
Put Buster groove on this thing and I'll change my mind in a heartbeat,
but I just don't, I just don't see that happening. They're probably going to have wipeout on it,
but it's just like twisted metal, but Akuma JP in chat, uh, talking about final fantasy seven
over and over and over again, Akuma JP over at live.vogue.com says, but you get to see
Aerith die again. Who's complaining? Dark Chakra isn't here. He remasters of this shit. Like give
me a remaster of our four. I'll buy that shit on the PlayStation four. Give me a remaster of
like what happened to like where they were like, Oh well we can't do PlayStation two games,
but for some reason we can remaster them quote unquote. It's not really a remaster, but we put
them in its own emulator. They can't just push a button that says make remaster and it's going
to happen. Like they have to dedicate people time hours to that. So is it better that they're doing
stuff like that or working on new things? Like that's what, that's where the questions get
harder. It's not, it's an emulator. Just you create an emulator that can basically upscale
this stuff and then you're done. So, so yes, magic button. So yes, magic button because they already
have this shit on PC. It's been out for PC emulators have been able to do this shit for
years, decades. All right. I mean, come on. It's, it's ridiculous. Let's move on from that email
participate at orange launch radio.com. If you want to send us an email for a future week,
we will get to live calls as well in a little bit over at orange launch radio on Skype,
but we have some more news for you. I don't know if I'd call this first thing news,
but it's an internet thing. It's where every gamer has a voice and some gamers are using,
are choosing to use their voices in really ridiculous fucking ways. Right? Loki. Yes.
So it all began. Let's think back to last week when basically, actually a couple of weeks ago,
there was a Twitter user, um, by the handle, uh, Hanawa who put out a funny comic strip,
you know, showing basically the end of super Mario Odyssey, where both Mario and Bowser are
trying to woo the princess. And she's like, fuck off, you know, like she does in the game.
And both Mario and Bowser are sad. And then Bowser has this magical crown, which, you know,
created Peachette in the new, um, remaster of new Super Mario Brothers U because it's not
Toadette anymore. It's now Peachette and she's become this thing and it magically transformed.
Well, I'm all for getting rid of Toadette to start. Toadette was lame. Like, sorry, sorry about
it. But Toadette was always kind of lame. I hated her since Double Dash, which I believe
was her first appearance. And I hated her in Double Dash. And now every time I see Toadette,
I'm like, I have an irrational hatred of you. I can't explain. Sorry. So now thanks to this evil,
this, this crown that apparently has the magical ability to turn whoever wears the crown into some
fucking waifu anime big breasted chick. Um, so now we have Bowsette, Bowsette, the, the new
internet hentai rule three, four thing that they're just people are running well with now,
because not only is it just Bowsette, it's putting it on all the fucking creatures that you can think
of and turning them into sexy waifu anime chicks and everybody is going fucking bonkers over this
shit. Um, internet, we need to have a heart to heart talk because I've been using a lot of
social media this week because I use a lot of social media every week because I'm a social
media whore, like many of you. Uh, and I'm on Facebook a lot and I'm on Twitter a lot.
And as I've been scrolling this week, I've been seeing this over and over. And not only am I
seeing this, I'm seeing this turn into more shit like Boozette and, uh, gender swapped Bowsette,
which you think I wouldn't have a problem with, but yet somehow I do. And internet, I,
I'm going to need to ask you to knock this off. Like internet, please, please stop. No internet.
I need to stop it. I am this. Why? This is why old people get upset and yell at you to get off
their lawn because you do things like Bowsette that don't make any sense. Does it not make any
sense though? Because apparently there is the new art book called the art of super Mario Odyssey,
which is releasing this week in Japan. And apparently there's concept art of princess
Bowser straight from Nintendo. So Bowsette cannon question mark. Thanks. I hate it
because you know, Bowser basically has his own hat, which he can throw on things and it turns
them into Bowser, uh, over at, uh, our live chat room over at live.vog network.com. Brad from
pod culture says, where is Robert? Everybody say bye to Brad from pod culture. Who's just
turned a lifetime ban from the chat room. Say goodbye everybody. It's been very lovely knowing
him over these past few years. All right. And then already starting fast. Apparently not only
has there been, um, petitions, you know, to include Bowsette into smash, which will never
fucking happen, but there's going to be a Bowsette fan event being held in Japan on October 27th.
Gather with all of your fans. If they recently, wait, wait, wait, wait. There's already a
convention. This just, this just happened a week ago. Pornography is and OJC is very fast.
What is wrong with you? People spend money on something that makes sense.
People love put turning in anime objects into anime chicks. I mean, remember before this,
game consoles, planets. It's it's never going to end. It's never going to end.
Is that it? That's it for this week for this week. Moving on. Let's talk about something else. Let's
talk about dragon quest 11. Let's talk about the worst part of dragon quest 11, the soundtrack. Oh
yeah, I said it. The dragon quest 11 soundtrack. It's kind of stale and, um, I'm glad I'm not the
only one that thought this because apparently with the dragon quest 11 release on PC,
good old hackers and modders have decided to fix some of the problems of the music in the game.
Mainly they took the mini instruments, uh, and replace them with orchestra music. That's right.
It's dragon quest 11 orchestration overhaul mod. It was finished just over the weekend
and it replaces all the music with an orchestrated rendition. So it sounds a little more like, uh,
dragon quest eight, I suppose. Now you do have to have copies of the dragon quest 11 soundtrack
as performed by the Tokyo metropolitan symphony orchestra. So I guess they wanted to keep this
legit. So you do have to own those sound, but I'm sure you could find those soundtracks if you
wanted to be a very bad person, but it's such a way to do it. But anyway, they do say the goal
of this mod is to provide the proper auditory experience that is deserving of this masterpiece
of a game by applying all available orchestral variants of the songs present in the game
as composed by Kochi Sugiyama and performed by the Tokyo metropolitan symphony orchestra.
We do not contain or support piracy in any way, shape or form, and we will not provide the raw
music files for listening. I'm sure someone else will. So if you want that, you'll have to buy the
official symphonic suite albums. That being said, I want to follow up with something I was getting
into on Bobby Black Wolf show, and this will not make me popular, but I don't care because I'm
going to say what I'm going to say. And what I'm going to say is it is time for dragon quest to let
Sugiyama go. Dragon Quest XI was a flop as far as the soundtrack is concerned, and it just shows
that he cannot get past these same themes that have been going on for the past 10 games now.
I mean, part of my hatred could be fueled by his politics because he's an anti-gay guy if you
watch him on the television in Japan and stuff, and so maybe there's a little bit of that coming
into play. But honestly, play Dragon Quest XI, which for all purposes outside of the soundtrack
is a great game. Play it on PlayStation 4 and load up Spotify and, I don't know, listen to Robin
or something. It's probably going to take you out of the experience a little bit, but it's going to
be better than the original soundtrack. Play the game and tell me the soundtrack isn't terrible.
A downgrade from VIII, which was, unless you played it on 3DS, if you played Dragon Quest VIII
on the PlayStation 2, it was that full orchestral experience. And so playing Dragon Quest XI
honestly feels like a step backwards. And again, I said a little bit of this on Bobby's show at the
tail end when he called us, but Final Fantasy has moved on past Nobuo Uematsu. These are very
different scenarios, and I do not mean to speak ill of Nobuo Uematsu, especially coming off of
last week's Newsies, taking a break because he's sick. But as we know, he decided to move on from
the Final Fantasy series. Well, he still comes back to do, you know, like he does the theme or
he'll do one or two compositions every soundtrack, but he went on to do other games and other things
like Lost Odyssey, you know, other projects, things like that. Which we still need a sequel for.
That is true, but this is different. But my point is, Final Fantasy has still done fine with
different composers. Most notably, in my opinion, Final Fantasy XIV. If you fucking hate online
games, you still need to check out the soundtrack, if nothing else. Seriously, go look up some of the
songs from Final Fantasy XIV soundtrack, the new, the post Realm Reborn stuff by a guy named Soken.
It's probably the best music in the entire series, honestly. Now, to be fair, and I don't, again,
I don't want to speak ill of Uematsu, but a lot of the reason why XIV soundtrack is good is that
he takes elements of Uematsu's themes from the earlier games and really pushes them to the next
level. Like, I love the Stormblood opening title screen, which takes the Final Fantasy theme,
which Nobui Uematsu did, and puts like a pirate theme on it. It's awesome. It's a great, like,
it's very well done. So anyway, my point is, and XIII had a different composer, XV had a different
composer, and all the soundtracks since, I believe, he did part of the XI soundtrack,
and that was the last thing Nobui Uematsu did the full thing for. They've been fine. Dragon Quest
will be fine too. Let Sugiyama go and let somebody else do the soundtrack. That is my opinion,
whether you like it or not. How about your opinions over at live.vognetwork.com?
Dungeon Buster says, yeah, the Dragon Quest XI soundtrack is kind of stale. I found myself wishing
for more of Octopath Traveler's soundtrack while playing. Ooh, that's a really good call out too,
is that Square has other franchises with other composers that are very talented as well. It's
very, very good point. DarkTusia says, I do hope it's addressed on the Switch version. I know they
usually add things to a new port, like voice acting, so maybe they'll have room for a better
soundtrack. Let's hope. Bob Coffee says, the reason why Dragon Quest has the shitty MIDI
is because Sugiyama is an asshole and wants people to pay for concert or orchestral CDs.
Bob Coffee, this is the justification to fire him, in my opinion. Let him go. Somebody else can take
over this and can still incorporate the old shit into it, I'm sure, with the appropriate level of
throwback and so on and so on. So it'll be fine. Dungeon Buster says, Final Fantasy XII,
Hitoshi Sakamoto, who did the music for Tactics and Valkyria Chronicles. Yep, amazing stuff.
So there you go. My opinion on Dragon Quest XI, and clearly I'm not alone, not just you guys in
chat, but these modders that are like, what they put in the game is not good enough. It's really
not. Otherwise Dragon Quest, I mean, you know, and the soundtrack is, it's, it's just, it's just
not as good as it was me. It felt like regression. That's the most frustrating part about it,
considering, you know, Dragon Quest VIII was on the PlayStation fucking 2, and this is on the
PlayStation 4, to have the, everything else feels like progression. To have this feel like regression
is, is really stupid. Anyway, but hackers fixed it. Yay. Loki, let's move on to another story.
To register participation for this week's episode of Orange Lounge Radio at vognetwork.com,
use the passphrase, heat. So this week, we had the Oculus event that was in San Jose,
and they announced the new Oculus platform called the Oculus Quest. It is a standalone VR headset.
You will not need a PC for this. It's basically going to be its own console. And with that,
it has a resolution of 1600 by 1440 per eye. It's going to come with a couple of the Oculus
Touch controllers, and it's going to have some sort of motion tracking in there as well.
I don't think it's got the actual sensors, like the normal Oculus Rift does, but it's kind of
like, it works in the reverse, basically the actual positioning track, positional tracking
will be done by the headset itself. It's supposed to retail for $400 for a 64 gigabyte model,
and they said that about 50 games will be supported at release. It's supposed to come
out in spring of 2019. Looks neat. I'm not sure if this would be something that I'm going to pick
up because I don't need another console, but that's definitely a good price point to, you know,
hopefully get people interested in VR stuff. Especially, I'd like to see other things this
could be used for, aside from just some of the games and everything. I always wanted like the
AR stuff with, you know, virtual desktop things and stuff, but I'm curious to see what's going
to be on the platform. Maybe see if this is gonna be like a major contender against like other
consoles or something. I just think with PlayStation VR being so easily accessible,
I just don't see Oculus, at least in the gaming space, really taking that crown. But, you know,
again, I think VR is still trying to find where the niche can be for everything else,
and that's a big part of the reason why Facebook wanted Oculus in the first place is, you know,
how could I maybe be like, how could Facebook bring a live concert experience and you could
sit there in your Oculus and really feel like you're there. But I just feel like we're not
seeing enough of that for like the common person right now. Right, and I agree with that, but also,
you know, with the PlayStation VR, though, you have to buy the console, which is, you know,
almost $400, and then you have to buy the headset, which is also, you know, pretty expensive.
Our pal Bobby in our chat, and you know he loves his VR, over at live.fognetwork.com says,
the tracking here is way better than PSVR's and is ultimately cheaper, or maybe even the same price.
Oculus venues already exist for Gear VR and Oculus Go, which is that concert thing. But like,
I get all that. I really do. But A, I mean, the price and the technology ain't gonna matter when
it comes down to the applications. And let's just put it this way, PlayStation VR has Tetris Effect
coming out. But this Oculus Star Wars. Okay, well, okay, so then this is where now they're trying to
so they have a Darth Vader game coming to Oculus quest called Vader Immortal. And it looks neat.
It's gonna be an episodic game, and apparently it says that you're playing as some person that
gets kidnapped by Darth Vader, and I don't know, you're also like some apprentice or something.
Neat. So you get to be the bad, you're Darth Vader's apprentice? You get to be a bad guy?
I guess so, yeah. But maybe you're just not a bad guy. I don't know, but it's a neat idea, and that's
definitely a good selling point. Okay, so this is not going to be fair, but it's where my head goes.
Because I go, well, everyone got real excited when they announced a Star Wars game for Kinect.
Look how that turned out. Not good. So, right, but let's be honest, the Kinect motion tracking
versus the motion tracking. Loki, my issues have nothing to do with how the tracking. No,
I understand. It's a stupid dance. It's like, well, we gotta pad this game out. Like, hey,
let's get the team behind Dance Central to make some content for it. And don't get me wrong,
they did the best that they could with what they had. I'm not faulting them because those songs,
as stupid as they are, it's still catchy. I'm hand solo. It's catchy, but you know what? So bad.
They did, it was not there. They were just following orders. No, they weren't, they were.
They were just doing what they needed to do to get paycheck. Some executive made a really poor
choice to do that, but I don't know. All right, well, I have to piggyback off that because
guess what? You want to talk about more exec decisions, things that were completely out of
the hands of the developers. You ready for this? Here's the development. Now you can get the,
I would say it's DLC basically, but it's not. It's just a weapon. So you can get a weapon in
Assassin's Creed Odyssey. So like, you know, put in a little code and get a weapon, right?
And you would expect, oh, a pre-order bonus or, oh, buying this at Best Buy. That's what we're
used to, to getting the special weapons and armor, right? Oh no, no, no, no. This one's really good.
So the way that you get this weapon is that you will get the code with Totino's pizza rolls.
That's right. You, or the, the, not that, they don't just do the pizza rolls. They do that
shitty like cracker pizza. That's like probably like a buck at Winco. That's, that's them too,
right? I don't know. We see those in college all the time. But anyway, so you, you can get a code
for Assassin's Creed Odyssey to get a special weapon for a limited time to get bonus in-game
items for the upcoming Ubisoft title. This deal is only good in the US. Sorry to everybody else
in other countries, but no pizza rolls for you. You can also get things like temporary XP boosts,
weapons. I guess the first code gets an XP boost. The second gets a Horn of Ares sickle sword,
and the third gets you a Bighorn bow. Every- You have to have like 12, I think, to get everything.
Well, cause you get XP boosts after that for everything else. And, and, you ready for this?
If you get them at Walmart, you get an additional bonus. That's right. You get the Ram Axe if...
I can't help, this is so stupid. You get the Ram Axe if you buy the only at Walmart,
120 count pizza rolls pack. Got all of those pizza rolls.
You know, they did this last year with Totino's had a-
Whoa, whoa, whoa. Brad from Pod Culture in chat. This needs to be, this needs to be responded to.
Says, shut your whore mouth, pizza rolls are awesome. When did I say pizza rolls aren't
awesome? Pizza rolls are fucking amazing. But still, there's something about the whole,
you gotta buy, you don't just have to buy a little box. You have to put 120 count pizza rolls box,
enough to feed an Assassin's Creed Odyssey army in order to get the Ram Axe.
Apparently I'm not trying hard enough.
Pizza rolls are better than gender rolls. I will, uh, I will say that.
Because like the word Assassin, pizza rolls will make your ass twice as big.
Are you ready to put the ass in Assassin's? We'll get that 120 count pack of pizza rolls.
They did this last year Shadow of War 2, and it was just as ridiculous then.
But remember, they need all the money. They're hurting. They can't make AAA games anymore
because they're not selling enough Super Ultimate Editions and pizza roll tie-ins and other nonsense.
All right. Admit it, Loki. Are you going to pick up the new Assassin's Creed? I don't like
Assassin's Creed. Well, this new one looks really good. I might pick it up. And you know what,
bitch? I might pick up some pizza rolls because pizza rolls are pretty good.
You're part of the problem, Rob. I can't help it.
Anyway, just a few more stories for you guys. Then we're going to open up the
Skypline at Orange Lounge Radio, all one word on Skype. Loki.
So of course, since Battle Royale has to come to all the things,
what thing's going to get Battle Royale next? Well, it's going to be Doom.
And I'm not talking about new Doom. I'm talking about old Doom, classic Doom.
The Doom you remember as a child called Doom Royale with Cheese. And it's a mod that'll let
64 players fight to the death using the double-barreled shotgun.
And of course, just like PUBG and Fortnite, there's the shrinking
play field. They have ammo weapon scavenging. And of course, you have to be the last man standing.
So neat. You can find that over at ModDB if you're interested in checking it out.
It sounds kind of awesome, though. It's neat.
Yeah. No, I play Doom Battle Royale. It sounds like fun.
Yeah. Yeah. All right. And last but not least tonight, before we open up the Skypline,
let's talk about, you know, since all these classic systems are happening,
you know, somebody on the internet had to say CDI classic when.
So, oh, no, no. So somebody made a Photoshop user. I don't know if this guy actually made it,
but he made the tweet. Skully1888 tweeted at Philips with,
Philips CDI classics, 20 classic games, including Hotel Mario,
Zelda, The Wand of Gamelon, Link, The Faces of Evil, The Seventh Guest,
Playboy's Complete Massage, and Mad Dog McCree, as well as Compton's Interactive Encyclopedia.
Okay. Like out of that list, The Seventh Guest is probably the only notable game.
It's not very notable.
Mad Dog McCree, I know they released a ton of times, but it's not very good.
Seventh Guest they've re-released several times. Not very good.
It didn't age well. That's a problem. Anyway, here's the crazy part.
Philips replied saying, thank you very much for reminding us of the Philips CDI.
We appreciate the thought of a smaller classic version of one of our legacy devices.
And then somebody was like, you would make the buzz if you did it.
And Philips responded, thank you for your love.
And there's such a positive fucking person working in this Twitter account.
Hi, thank you for your love, encouragement, and interest.
We will try our best to fulfill your dreams and release something you suggest,
but cannot promise anything yet. Please be patient and stay tuned.
Thank you in advance.
Okay. This isn't going to fucking happen. Like, I don't know where,
I don't know where this joke, first off those Nintendo licenses,
Nintendo would rather you stop talking about those games.
Nintendo would really rather you stop talking about Hotel Mario and Zelda the Wand again.
They'll put Balzette in Smash before they put this out.
I mean, this is never going to fucking happen.
Now that's not to say that Philips couldn't still put something out with the Seventh Guest
and Mad Dog McCree, but like, I mean, if you don't think the PlayStation
classic lineup sounds very good so far, the Philips CDI lineup, not going to be good.
Now, I guess they could always do maybe like homebrew or something.
I don't know, but I just, I just, just let it go.
No, let it go.
Please don't.
The Philips CDI is best left as that, that thing that some guy has at a booth at a classic gaming
expo that you look at and you pick it up and you play Zelda Wanda Gamelon for five minutes ago.
What the fuck?
Wow. This really was a shit game.
And then you go on with the rest of your day.
So now that we've gotten these two consoles out of the way, uh, anybody hitting up, uh,
Panasonic for the 3DO Mini or the, or Sega for the Saturn Mini?
Where's my Jaguar Mini?
Let's play Aliens First Predator and Tempest 2000.
You want your Jaguar Mini?
Yeah.
It's coming out.
It's called the fucking new Atari system that they have.
That's your Jaguar Mini right there.
All right.
We're going to open up the Skypline.
It's that time.
So Orange Lounge Radio, all one word on Skype.
If you want to give us a call about something we've talked about so far, or maybe something
we haven't, but, um, I know there's a lot of news stories we didn't get to.
Yes.
This is important news that we have to get to.
Okay.
So tell me some of the stuff we missed here.
Just talking about Assassin's Creed.
And of course in Assassin's Creed, there is a giant statue of Zeus.
And what can you do with this giant statue of Zeus?
You can climb on its penis because it's Assassin's Creed.
And of course you can do that shit.
So why not?
It's very important news.
Can I put a pizza roll on his penis?
No, you may not.
Why not?
Sony is ending support for certain online games, including Warhawk, Twisted Metal,
PlayStation All-Stars, Battle Royale.
That's going to be ending on October 25th, 2018.
I'm surprised they hadn't already pulled the plug.
And Drawn to Death, David Jaffe's game is going to be out.
That came out a long time ago as one of the PlayStation plus titles, and it's going to
be ending March 25th, 2019.
So play it while you can.
I think it's free to play.
Yeah, it was free to play on PlayStation Plus, but I think they still charge 20 bucks for
it.
Speaking of PlayStation Plus, for October, we're going to be getting Friday the 13th
and Laser League, which Laser League is just like Tron.
So check it out.
PlayStation 3 is getting Master Reboot and The Bridge, which is cross by PlayStation
4 and Vita.
PlayStation Vita is cross by PlayStation 4, RocketBirds 2 Evolution and 2064 Read Only
Memories.
So that's pretty awesome.
Neat.
Um, on the Xbox front, Games of Gold, you're going to be getting Overcooked for the month
of October and Victor Vran from the middle of October to the 15th.
All right.
Let's get to the phones real quick and then we'll get back to Loki.
Hi, you're on Orange Mountain Radio.
Who's this?
Hey, this is Def.
Hey Def, how you doing?
Well, I have a Pokemon Go story that happened today.
I love Pokemon Go stories.
Is this about the day that you hit BFF status with me?
Because I'm sure it was a great day.
No, it was a great day.
But no, I'm talking about specifically today.
And it's something that we sometimes joke about in the whole community that when bad
weather's in the city, you probably shouldn't go out and play.
Well, there's a tropical storm happening right now in my city, but right now it's like really
calm that it was cloudy earlier and all.
But we had a Mewtwo raid near my house, so I decided to go.
I didn't notice until I was out and I was heading my way to that raid that we had a
thunderstorm.
I didn't pay that much attention and I said, oh, that seems like it's far away.
Nothing bad will happen.
You did the same thing we always do with the alert that comes up in Pokemon Go.
There's a severe weather.
Yeah, who cares?
Click or just like I'm a passenger.
Yeah, sure I am.
Here's the thing that the weather in Pokemon Go at the moment was sunny because because
of course it was.
It always is.
And we had that.
We had it the other day, too, is like weather warning.
It's like weather warning.
There's clouds in the sky.
I don't even know what that warning was for.
Maybe a fire is a fire alert or something.
Maybe.
I don't know.
Who knows?
I want to know the rest of the story because it sounds like danger is involved.
Yeah, but yeah, it actually looks like like partially cloudy.
But yeah, it was really cloudy and thunder was happening happening.
And we I happened to to get there to the raid and people were waiting.
And and yeah, the thunder was still coming out, but it was like far.
OK.
When suddenly we were going to we're we're preparing for the raid and all.
And suddenly we heard like a boom.
And yeah, there was a big flash there and and I just like I was I started like, well,
it happened here.
It happened here.
It happened near near near us.
And I was kind of panicking.
And then I noticed that like 15 meters, like, I don't know, the conversion by 20 feet, maybe
they'll know that a tree that was near was destroyed.
Oh, my God.
So you went out to catch a Mewtwo and a tree right next to you got hit by lightning.
Basically.
And but people there were more people there that were way near.
But act out.
Did you catch the Mewtwo?
Sadly, sadly, because people were panicked.
They were panicking.
We only had like a few people there.
And we had like two groups and my group didn't finish the raid.
We couldn't catch it.
He did all that.
You almost got killed by lightning and they didn't.
You couldn't even catch the damn Mewtwo.
But that's that's the least of my worries.
No, you know, I had to make fun of made fun of it somehow.
But that's that's crazy that it was like so.
Oh, my God.
Like, that's scary.
I thought this was going to be that like lightning hit the pokey stop and lightning
destroyed the pokey stop when pokey stops are so rare in Mexico to begin with.
Yeah, the pokey stop, the little the little thing was next to that tree.
So, yeah, good thing it didn't start a fire and burned down the pokes.
I shouldn't make fun of it.
Could you use Thunderbolt?
It was very effective.
Loki, people caught Mewtwo in that raid with with thunder, with the thunder attack.
So, yeah, you should you should remember that for next time to yell that out.
Pikachu used Thunderbolt.
It's super effective.
That's that's good.
I like that, Loki.
Oh, but everyone was fine.
Uh, someone did that.
They'd get hit by the tree, but nothing too serious.
Just like a scrap or something.
Oh, my God.
Sudowoodo.
No, I'm just kidding.
I'm sorry.
I can't help it.
No, we're all in the community locally here.
We're joking about it and all.
And again, it was like it was a complete like terrifying.
But at the at the same moment, like really exciting moment, because, oh, my God, it
happened.
That happened.
So, you know what?
And danger is fun to flirt with once in a while.
That was that was like thrill seeking Pokemon adventures.
Soon you're going to be the star of a documentary.
But instead of like storm chasers, it's going to be Mewtwo chasers.
Pokemon raid chasers.
Yeah, chasers.
Oh, my God.
I'm screaming.
Well, I know we're only sitting here making jokes because you're OK and everybody else
is OK, except whoever got hit by the tree.
But it sounds like it was a little more superficial.
Like it wasn't a big branch or something.
Right.
Sounds like they're OK.
Yeah.
Everybody got the they're fine.
Nobody got hurt.
So I'm really glad about that, because if someone had gotten hurt or even gotten hit
by the lightning, it would have been like like really terrifying.
Like and again, it was terrifying.
But since nothing happened, basically.
Yeah, we're laughing.
And yeah, the tree and all that stuff.
But yeah, it's something serious that happened.
I don't know what I would have done like seriously, because it was like at that moment.
And I still have the image basically ingrained in my in my head, in my mind right now of
the flash.
I literally saw that flash, the lightning flash that that hit the tree.
And it was really like something.
You know, it also goes to show that those warnings that they put at the beginning of
the game, like they're no joke.
Like you have to really pay attention.
And, you know, I hate to be a downer, but I think it's it's worth saying, like, you
know, I know in the Ingress community, like there was a player in Europe who actually
died because they were not paying attention and they essentially walked off a cliff.
Like and I know that sounds ridiculous as I'm saying it out loud and you're probably
going like what?
But like, you know, they just weren't paid.
I think it was at night.
So it's kind of dangerous as well.
And they were, you know, trying to take down a big field or something.
I don't know.
They basically like fell off a cliff.
I think it was like wet outside or something.
So like, you know, they're luckily active is OK and everybody's OK.
So we can we can poke fun and laugh at it.
But there is a very serious, you know, note here.
And that is like, you know, those warnings do exist for a reason.
You do want to be aware when you're playing these games, because even though we're talking
about like natural weather and these, you know, freak things like you don't want to,
like, get hit by a car because you cross the street, you know, that type of thing like
that is serious as well, you know?
Yeah, that this basically made me right about the game and and how I should approach it,
because again, like at the beginning of the story, like I said, I was like and nothing
bad will happen.
And literally that happened like, whoa.
And so, yeah, the story is basically just for people that play like Ingress, Pokemon
Go, all this kind of games.
Just be careful out there.
It we can sometimes think that nothing bad will happen and then it happens.
So so basically that just stay aware.
For sure.
For sure.
And Act F for next time, make sure you train a Golem and get them on your team because
the Golem will absorb the Thunderbolt for next time.
I will.
All right.
Thank you for the call.
Act F and happy hunting.
Take care.
Hey, thanks for having me.
Yeah, no problem.
Thanks for the story.
It was really good.
Bye.
Wow.
Yeah.
Oh my gosh.
I can't imagine.
Oh, I've never.
Have you ever had lightning hit that close to you?
Like I've never had the storms up.
Well, also we don't like get tropical storms here in the Sacramento, you know, Northern
California.
We have a very unique kind of weather pattern because we don't really get those same type
of things.
I think we're supposed to be getting rain finally on like Tuesday or Wednesday in the
distance, maybe even tonight.
I wonder if it's the remnants of this trouble because, you know, Act F is, I believe in
Mexicali, if I remember right, which is kind of like it's it's basically south of California,
but it's not like Tijuana is way on the west.
It's a little more eastern than that, you know, and it's kind of south.
So, um, I wonder if the storm is big enough where we're getting like remnants of it
up here.
Maybe.
Yeah.
Well, be careful if there's thunder attached to that.
Sounds, uh, it sounds like it could be dangerous.
Anyway.
Um, you were talking about, uh, the PlayStation games.
Yeah.
For, uh, PlayStation plus.
Yes.
Orange launch radio.
All one word on Skype.
If you want to get.
So Xbox, um, I mentioned Overcooked and Victor Brown and then on the Xbox 360 compatible
games, Stuntman Ignition and Hitman Blood Money will be October's games.
Um, Nintendo has won a lawsuit against some Tokyo company that runs a service called,
um, Maricar, which is, uh, basically tours through Tokyo in go-karts dressed up like
Mario Kart characters, which sounds awesome.
And, uh, so they are going to stop doing that because they, you know, filed, um, are fine
against them.
But to get your Mario Kart experience.
So the Nam Bandai Man Namco is going to be bringing over Mario Kart VR to the U S pretty
soon.
Oh, cool.
I'm starting in Washington, DC.
It's coming to their VR zone.
Um, it's like an arcade thing.
Yes.
Have you ever been down to that?
Um, I always want to call it punch trunk, but this is punch bowl social.
Have you been to that place that it's by the new arena?
So they have like these VR things cause you can, you can, um, uh, rent the VR headset.
It's like right next to these other arcade games.
The arcade isn't super impressive.
It's like a couple of skee-ball machines, a couple of pinball machines and some classics.
But I think it's interesting to have the VR arcade right next to that.
And it looks like you can rent the headset for a little while and you, you can play that
one.
Bobby will know what I'm talking about.
What's the, what's the music game with the blue and the orange shields that you hold
up to absorb that, that that's one of the games.
Not beat saver.
No, it's not beat saver.
It's kind of pre-dates that is earlier than that.
I think beat saver would be more exciting.
Audio shield.
That's it.
Thank you, Bobby.
I knew you'd know it.
So audio shields, the one that they're playing on that.
I, this Mario Kart VR though, if you watch people playing that, I bet there'd be tons
of people lined up for that.
Yeah.
Heck yeah.
That's cool.
Um, and then of course there's news saying that there's gonna be a new track coming to
kingdom hearts three.
It's a collaboration between Skrillex and Hikaru Tada.
Sorry.
Jumping in real quick.
Cause I think this is a good comment in our chat at live.fognetwork.com.
Bob coffee says, I'm willing to bet Nintendo shut them down because Mario Kart is going
to be one of the rides and Nintendo land at universal.
Well, it was that in that they were hitting, they were accidentally crashing into pedestrians
and stuff like that.
And so it was kind of making a bad name for a marker.
That would be a way to end your day.
Anyway.
Sorry to interrupt you, Loki.
Um, and then, yeah, so there was going to be a new track coming called face my fears,
um, which is going to be sometime soon that they're going to debut that.
All right.
Let's go to the Skype line and take another call.
Hi.
You're on orange launch radio.
Who's this?
Hey, uh, uh, uh, uh, this is raging leader.
Yes.
What's up raging air.
What's in your mind?
Uh, not too much.
Uh, two things, uh, to touch on, uh, the whole files, that thing that you were talking about
earlier.
Fuck my life.
Yeah.
All right.
As much as I would love to agree with you 100%, I'll do so unofficially.
Uh, it's already tired and old and overdone.
It wasn't even funny to begin with, but there is a little bit of a hiccup.
Um, looks like my significant other is jumping on board, uh, board, uh, you know, uh, train
to stop.
Yeah.
So officially I have to support her and her decision to do it.
So you don't have to, well, you can say that you have moral and religious objections now.
Now I feel it's very important to support our significant others, especially when it
has to do with dressing up like scantily clad video game characters.
So I am all for this.
Yeah.
Well, I was going to say, well, there is that aspect, but if I ever want her to lay a single
finger on me, I'm going to support her.
100%, uh, therefore it's the greatest thing in the world.
Um, so, ew.
But, uh, I'm sorry.
Ew.
I didn't, anyway, yes.
Okay.
So is this just about Bowsette and your lady friend or is there, is there something else
here?
Well, you know, there, um, uh, there's a second thing, but, uh, I want to lead off.
Yeah.
Second thing.
Let's do it.
Oh, well, I can't remember if I brought this up the last time I called you short or not,
but just in case I didn't, um, Lily is a gamer.
You brought it up.
Oh, well, um, uh, one thing I would like to ask is, do you know of any co-op games that,
uh, we could play that's on PC that cancel, you know, towards horror?
Uh, you, you kind of did ask about the horror thing, but no, you didn't ask about co-op,
I guess the co-op horror game that's, uh, co-op get, get that PlayStation plus, uh,
Friday the 13th.
Well, yeah, there's that.
And then there's also, it's not really a horror game per se, but, uh, don't starve is kind
of got that, you know, it's got a little bit of like Adam's family macabre vibe.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Yeah, she does have don't starve together.
And in fact, uh, we were playing dad, uh, probably within the past week or so.
Uh, you know, you know, it, it's a decent game.
Unfortunately, I suck at it.
What's the one everybody is fucking playing with the, the different roster of serial killers
and like everybody's streaming it on Twitch dead, dead by daylight.
Is that what it's called?
Is that what I'm thinking of me?
That sounds familiar.
I think that's the one I'm thinking of.
Um, where like you can play as like the shape from Halloween and Laurie Strode and all this
shit.
And like, it's, it's, it's like a four V one thing.
It's a similar formula to the Friday the 13th.
That sounds cool.
I didn't know what that was.
No.
Yeah.
It's, Oh God.
It's, it's all over Twitch.
Yeah.
Dead by daylight.
Thank you.
Sue Deberry.
I thought that's what it was.
Oh, all right.
Yeah.
I'll definitely look into that.
Um, now I want to help her build up her, uh, steam library.
Her steam library is a little smaller compared to mine, which is kind of a no dust.
It's not the size.
It's how you use it.
Yeah.
Um, yeah, the only thing she, you know, she, uh, Syphon, uh, don't stop together.
The only thing she, uh, he has that's co-op is portal two and she hasn't touched that
forever.
So, uh, but it's not exactly a scary game either, but it's fun.
Yes.
Yeah.
Yeah.
No doubt about it.
It is fun.
But, uh, you know, since she's really having to the horror games now, I'll definitely look
into that.
Rage Nader, I'm going to tell you what not to do.
Don't get Mario party because that will end in divorce.
Well, we're, you know, we have to get married first and besides she doesn't have any consoles
anyways, just PC only.
So it is just a joke.
All right.
Tons of cool characters in there.
Yeah.
All right.
Uh, Rage Nader, I'm going to let you go.
So, uh, take care.
Okay.
All right.
Have a good one.
All right.
Bye.
Like Nightmare on Elm Street, Halloween, Leatherface.
Yeah.
They've got, well, it's a saw, but it jigsaw.
Um, I don't know who some of these, I think they just made up.
Yeah, they probably made some up and then the game was so good.
It got a bunch of like license stuff and so forth.
So pretty cool.
All right.
Orange launch radio, all one word on Skype.
Just a few more minutes to get in while Loki recaps other stuff.
One more piece of news that's pretty important.
A very popular online game is getting a brand new expansion.
It's 25th expansion.
That is EverQuest is getting a brand new expansion called the Burning Lands.
And I thought that was pretty notable.
So, you know, it's going to have new monsters, new zones, items, raids, and more.
So yeah, time to fire up your EverQuest online account.
Or don't.
I mean, the choice is yours.
You can also not do that.
No, I get, I get, look, I get, I've been such a bitch, but I'm sure there's people
that play EverQuest out there that really enjoy it.
And that's cool.
Like if you invest all the time, it's like World of Warcraft.
I'm kind of like World of Warcraft is kind of old at this point.
It's showing its age, but like some people have invested so much time and stuff into
that, like they don't really want to let it go.
And I have to have a giant enemy snail because that is one of the new enemies.
There are snails in World of Warcraft.
World of Warcraft has those adorable llamas in the new expansion though.
They're really cute.
So it does have that.
But do the llamas have crossbows?
Not yet, but maybe they'll work on that.
The Pandarians have crossbows.
No, no, I don't know.
All right.
Anyway, I guess it's going to do it.
We're not getting any other calls and I think Loki has ran through his last minute news.
So I think that is where we wrap up for the night.
But I want to thank you guys for tuning into our show and listening and participating
with us tonight.
If you didn't get through on Skype, but you want to still send us a shout, you can always
just participate at orangelaundradio.com, our email, or you can always tweet at us at
OLR.
We're also on Facebook at facebook.com orangelaundradio, even if we're not posting on there.
I always every day I log into Facebook, it goes, you haven't engaged with your people
with orange laundry.
I'm like, I don't know what to say.
I guess I need to post more funny memes.
I need to steal content from other places because that's what people do on Facebook.
Is that what y'all want me to do?
I don't think anyone sees anything on Facebook because that shit gets buried underneath
advertisements and crap.
That's true.
That's true.
All right.
So I guess that's going to do it for another episode of the show.
So let's go around and oh, before I get to final thoughts, I will say, as ever and always,
if you enjoy what you heard here at orange launch radio, please give us a five star review
on iTunes or Google play.
Cause those nice reviews go a very long way in helping spread the word about the show.
But you know what's even better telling a friend or two or five about the show, help
us spread the word because we are the show where every gamer has a voice.
But the voices aren't here to air.
It's going to be the same phone call every week.
Just kidding.
So anyway, I think that's it.
So I guess it's final thought time.
So my final thought tonight is I'm going to stream after the show.
I did a poll on my Twitter over at mr Rob Roberts.
And I think when I last checked classic NES stuff was winning for what we're going to
stream tonight.
Yeah, that's the winners classic NES stuff.
So that's what we're going to do tonight after the show.
So over at my Twitch channel, Rob Roberts, Loki, your final thought tonight.
I was hoping to work on more game development stuff this week.
I've been really tired after doing a lot of exercising and crap and just, just haven't
had the intelligence to do it at late at night and just kind of sit down and watch TV.
So I got through maniac finally, which is pretty awesome on Netflix.
And also I recommend if you haven't checked it out yet, American Vandal is hilarious,
especially season two.
Um, it's, it's a funny mockumentary type thing talking about like these like school,
like pranksters and stuff.
And it's, it's really funny to watch.
It's, it's fun.
All right.
And maniacs pretty good too.
All right.
Well, we'll see you in seven days.
We'll do this all over again.
Our buddy Delvin from video game realness also going to be here next week.
So it's going to be a very, uh, screamy loud show.
It should be fun because Delvin and I, when we get around each other, so Loki will be
having a good, maybe our screams will, um, he's a big Nintendo fan too.
So that'd be really fun to have you guys in the same room.
So all right.
Yeah, it's on next week.
No, we're going to have a great show.
I look forward to, uh, you can't do anything dumb this week.
I mean, you're releasing super Mario party.
So I guess that's not entirely bad unless it's fucked up.
And then in which case you'll hear.
All right, we're out.
We'll see what happens in seven days when we see you next time.
Thank you guys so much for listening to and supporting orange launch radio.
You've been listening to orange lounge radio.
Orange lounge radio is a production of OLR studios to join us for a live show.
Tune into fog network.com Sunday nights at 6 PM Pacific 9 PM Eastern the views and opinions
expressed in this program do not necessarily reflect those of the staff of orange lounge
radio or fog network, but you know, they were all still true.
See you next week.
Bye.
