Orange Lounge Radio
Who's your hosts? DarkSakura, Skie, and Loki!
This week, GOG.COM makes a play for more of your video game library by offering the ability to import select Steam titles into GOG, giving you not only the game, but any bonus items that GOG also provides.
Lace up your new Nintendo Vans and join us for all this and more on the show, where every gamer has a voice.
Orange Lounge Radio
Hello, my friends out there on the internet, and welcome back to another week of the show where every gamer has a voice.
It is Orange Lounge Radio, live tonight, June the 5th of 2016, with episode number 644 of our show, broadcasting live from Studio N7 in Sacramento, California.
My name is Rob Roberts. You might know me on Twitter at Skie, S-K-I-E, by my side as she is every week for the past 644 weeks.
Say hello to DarkSakura, or Jamie Summers.
Hi.
Hi, how are you?
I'm okay. I look awful in this picture though.
Yeah, I don't like the way I look in my picture either.
So DarkSakura and I went clubbing Friday night, just so you guys know.
We went out to a bar because you know DarkSakura and I love drag queens.
And I'm not trying to push a drag queen agenda on this show, but it's going to happen sometimes.
And you really should always walk into a club purse first, if you're not already doing so.
But anyway, so we went to see one of the big drag queen stars, Bob the Drag Queen, who was here on Friday.
And we paid to get our picture taken with Bob, and of course we're looking at the pictures going, God we look awful.
I think Jamie looks fine, and she says I look fine, but of course, you know how that is.
You see pictures of yourself, and you're like, oh God.
Yeah, DarkSakura and I are having that moment right now.
But you look good, DarkSakura, and your face was beat for the gods.
Yes, ma.
Well, if it took an hour to wash off, one would hope so.
But oh my God, at least my makeup got me a free drink.
Did it really?
Because that guy, there was this guy, I was walking around with my fan, I broke my shade fan.
Fanning everyone, letting everyone fan themselves.
And this one guy's like, oh, I can do one better, and he holds this ice cube over my head.
Oh, God.
Dripped water onto my mug.
And I'm like, ah!
And his girlfriend's like, no, stop!
Or whoever was with him.
A, try not to scream into the mic, please.
And B, the things that drunk people do.
He was like, oh my God, I'm so sorry.
And I'm sitting here with my foundation going pat, pat, pat, pat, pat, pat, pat, pat, pat, pat, pat, pat.
And he's like, oh my God, can I make it up?
Let me buy you a drink.
It reminds me of the nastiest drink ever, but I don't care because it was free vodka.
It was like well vodka and crap ginger ale, but whatever.
It was free.
Yeah, but we had a good time.
That's what's important.
We did.
Except, uh, Dar Sacher and I got, well, I did.
I got very, very, very, very toasty drunk, which I haven't done since I was like, well, now that Alan drives, I have a designated driver when I go out.
Oh, Alan just commented.
Oh, did he? Yeah, there it is.
And doppy, I will tell you this.
I don't care if people think I'm a drag queen because just wait until gamer X.
Drag cosplay.
You heard it here first.
It's happening.
All right.
I'm sure we all look forward to it.
Meanwhile, we got to also say hello over there to somebody.
Unfortunately, who doesn't join us on our Friday night adventures, but we still love to have him here.
Say hi to tech master Loki.
I would love to go, but you know, kids, uh, someday there'll be 18 Loki and we're going to get you all caught up on everything you missed.
All right.
We'll only be about what, 50, 50 years old by the time.
Hey, purse first.
Uh, how have you been doing? I know you were having some drama with your air conditioner, which the heat here in Sacramento, we're in that lovely part of the year where it's triple degree heat.
I know we have listeners in Arizona who are like, fucking fuck you, but it's bad for us.
Whatever you chose to live there. Okay.
Well enough how, how hot it is here.
And we chose to live here, Loki.
Uh, but, uh, your AC was broken for God's sake. That's a horrible, horrible thing, but you're all better now, right?
Yeah, we got a new AC, new first. So we had them replace everything and it was nice the day that they replaced it because you know, I had no, it was pretty hot during the week.
It got up to 90 in the house. So while I was sitting there playing games, um, so I had a fan on, I'm like, this is not doing anything.
I had like three fans on. I have a ceiling fan. I had a box fan and as small fan, they brought from work.
So it's just like all on me at the same time. Like this is just drying me out cause it's just hot air being blown onto me.
Staying hydrated is the most important thing.
It doesn't, yeah, it doesn't even matter at that point. I mean, like I was drinking tons of water. It's just, it's not, it's just unbearable.
This heat wave is everywhere right now. Um, in our chat over at live.vognetwork.com because again, we do tape live every Sunday night at the voice geeks network, vognetwork.com
six o'clock Pacific, nine o'clock Eastern right after the Bobby black Wolf show and William murder face and chat saying it's a hundred in Portland, which is, is not common for them.
So there's, you know, heat waves everywhere right now. So it's kind of gross. Yeah.
And it wasn't so bad. I mean, cause like the last, like the last few days before the day I took off to actually have them install it, um, it was, it was hot in the house, but we would go out other places.
And then I like had rigged up a air conditioner radiator thing using a box fan and some copper pipe. And so I actually did that and it worked somewhat, but you know, basically you select the box fans in the windows, sucked in the cool air.
Once it cooled down a little bit and it was pretty bearable. It's just, it's, you know, hot, but yeah, 90 degrees when they finally, Oh, then on top of that, you know, Hey, yeah.
You know, you're going to hate hearing this, but we got to test the heater. So we got to turn the heater on for like five minutes. I'm like, bangs. Oh boy.
Well, at least you can get, get out of the way when it's working. Now it's working great. So, uh, I want to tell one other quick story that's non gaming related.
And then I promise we'll get into all the good video gaming content for, for the next three hours ish. Um, but I do want to mention, uh, the funny followup to dark soccer and I go into the club.
So we're up until 2 AM because that's what people who have been drinking do. We find ourselves at Denny's. That's how, you know, we're drunk cause we allowed ourselves to eat at Denny's eating food that is incredibly crap for you.
Um, and then I kind of realized at some point, Oh yeah, I'm supposed to be up at seven in the morning cause I'm doing a five K on Saturday. So in the heat on Saturday, thank God it was a little more overcast yesterday, but I, I actually walked.
I didn't run it, but, uh, with coworkers, I walked a five K and it was, it was interesting because the whole, you know how like every, every marathon they do has some type of theme to it.
That's, that's the big thing, right? Themed runs. I don't know if you guys have coworkers in this or seen this, but like,
This marathon's theme is we're making you run even though you don't want to.
Okay. Well, I know a big famous one is the beat the blurch thing. That's by the oatmeal guy, right? Where they actually have the blurches chase you around. Uh, Disneyland does one all the time. They do, Oh, they do night runs, right?
They do the color run where you throw the colored powder on. They totally just stole that from that holiday in India. They just, you know, you throw the color packets on each other.
I still want to do the, um, the mud run one day.
They have that. Okay.
Which is a military obstacle course.
So the twist on this one was that it was bubbles everywhere. And as you were running, you would, and you would think they would be like literally everywhere, but because we're in a drought, they, they had to, um, they had to, I guess, ration out the bubbles.
So every kilometer you would run right through, it's like going through a fricking carwash or something. This just bubble overload everywhere. And it's just ridiculous.
But nobody told me the bubble would have dye in it. So if I showed you the socks I wore yesterday, they are ruined. They're like red, green, blue, all the stupid bubble colors all over.
Save them for next year's pride.
And yeah, the ironic thing was this was the same day as, as pride in Sacramento, which I didn't go to because the heat I knew it was going to be killer.
So anyway, uh, act deft and chat says, fucking bubbles. Yeah. That's what I was saying at the end of it.
Uh, dark Tetsuya says way to adult Rob. Yep. Uh, let's see.
SG100 Matt says I've ran two five K's in the past year. It's a great experience and I'm happy I did them.
Yes, I understand. And I think that's great if you're trying to get fit and all that stuff, but my God, the people running these things have to be making a killing.
I mean, cause they what? They charge you 20 bucks to do it and they get thousands of people to sign up for these things.
I can't imagine it costs that much money to put, you know, these little silly things at the stations and stuff. It's $10 for parking.
They charge for shirts at the end. If you want shirts, they charge you to register the day of whoever's running these things is making a killing.
That's why there's so many of these damn things. Like every month over it, over at the County fairgrounds, there's some type of fricking five K run going on.
But anyway, Alan alchemy is in chat saying the socks look like they were soaked in cherry Kool-Aid. I want to just throw them away.
Yeah, that's probably what will be happening. All right. And act deaf says VOG five K. Uh, sure. I don't, I don't think we could get thousands and thousands of people to show up for that, but we could, we could do a five K lap around the dragon con hotels.
Maybe that's something just dragon con do a five K I'm kind of surprised they don't VOG five K in the, in the VOG five K you have to play 5,000 video games and walk five meters.
They're all video games that dark soccer has selected to personally torture you with. Wait, wait, what? The VOG five K you're going to pick 5,000 video games for people to play 5,000.
Yes. All right. First thing I actually have that many first game everybody has to play. Well, how much do I hate everybody? A lot. Clue Clue land.
Please look forward to it. The VOG five K featuring clue clue land.
No, no, no. Better yet. Cheetah man. All right. That'll be the second game. That'd be the second game is cheetah man. All right. Anyway, Bible adventures.
Um, well, let's get into some gaming talk. So before we get to our gaming weeks, the type of games we've been playing this week that didn't involve running and bubbles and all this stuff.
Let's talk a little bit about, um, gaming and what's going on in the news. Um, next week is going to be a really big show because next week is E3 week.
And, um, even though, you know, we here at a VOG have decided to opt out of E3 this year, because we personally feel we can get as much out of it, following it online as we can being there at the show.
That's the long and short of it. The reality is we are going to get a data dump from a lot of publishers starting next Sunday. I remember when E3 week, didn't E3 week start on Tuesday at one point.
And it was because the expo was like Wednesday, Thursday, Friday. Wasn't that a thing along a few years ago. I feel like that was the thing. Now E3 week. Now the expo is Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, and now E3 week starts on Sunday.
So I was talking with dark Sakura before the show. And I was saying, you know what, with the, with the way the E3 schedule is next week, by this time on the next episode, we are going to know the details for Mass Effect Andromeda game.
The dark soccer and I have been very much looking forward to Loki. Not so much. Why would we know when's the ether conference one o'clock on Sunday Pacific time.
So EA will go before OLR. So you can already, so Loki brace yourself because that's going to be the start of next show, but there'll be some other stuff too. I'm sure. And you'll be screaming about some celebrities that showed up. I'm sure.
Why would I scream at celebrities? I don't give a shit about celebrity. Exactly. Exactly. That will be Loki. And then Aisha Tyler showed up and I didn't care.
That's Ubisoft. And I don't care. I still don't. I like Aisha Tyler. I've met her. She's awesome. I don't care. You can put any celebrity in front of you. You don't need celebrities. Just skip, skip the like formalities of like, ha ha ha. Here's our gameplay. Ha ha ha joke. It's not funny. Ha ha ha. You know, like I don't care. Just cut that shit out. Make your thing like 30 minutes shorter.
To be fair, I actually think Aisha Tyler is great. It's just, when I thought of E3 and celebrities, she's the first one I thought of. I guess that's a compliment. Um, so. And for the love of God, no fucking musical performances for Just Dance or Rock Band if they're going to still do that. But like. There's no, Ubisoft is not Sunday, Loki. You don't have to worry about that. There's no Ubisoft. This is in general.
So then, so next week we're going to have to do a show. So next week's show is going to be very interesting. We're going to have to do a show like we did last year because Bethesda has rudely decided to do their press conference right smack in the middle of our show.
Hoping for that Skyrim HD.
So at seven o'clock, we are going to take an extended break. And then while we all watch the Bethesda thing, because I know what y'all are gamers. I'm not going to expect that you're going to be listening to Orange Laundry instead of watching the conference.
Honestly, I don't know what their plate is for.
Well, I'm, I'm glad you asked that because I wanted to go around quickly since this is our last opportunity, really. I wanted to check in. What do you guys think is going to happen with EA and Bethesda? And I opened this up to the chatters as well.
What do you guys think is going to happen with EA and Bethesda next week? So Loki, you're hoping for a Skyrim?
I think it'd be cool. Like a Skyrim HD or something like that would be nice because I like Skyrim and I don't follow. That was good. And it would be nice to see something like that. I don't really know what else they would have planned. I think I thought there was maybe a new Wolfenstein game coming or something.
Well, the last one was pretty well received, right?
Apparently, yeah. I bought it. I still haven't played it yet, but I bought it.
I think a sure thing is going to be Doom DLC because I think Doom is, I kind of feel like it's doing better than even Bethesda expected. I don't know. Maybe they expected it, but even the critical reviews have been very good. And it is, I mean, I played some more Doom this week. It is a great game. It really, I mean, it's a little gross, but I can look past that.
I'm waiting for it to go on sale just because I don't know how much of it I'd play right now, but it looks good.
And of course we're getting some questions from our chat over at live.vognetwork.com. Let's see. Stoppy says, very good idea for that break. Makes it easier on me. I don't have to choose. Look, we're just being realistic. We know. It's E3 week. You're going to choose the press conference.
Even I, and here's the thing, some folks have asked, why don't you guys run a commentary stream so we can listen to you guys commentate while the Bethesda thing's going on in my honest to God answer.
And you're not going to like it, but I'm all about the truth here at Orange Springs Radio is because I think those things are stupid.
Because I, I have tried to find a previous E3s. I'll be like Nintendo live stream and I'll look it up on Twitch and it's like angry dude commenting on Nintendo conference. It's like, I don't care. I just want the information right now. So that's so because of personal bias.
I don't remember doing any streams.
Now. Yes. Snarky with text is different. Bobby says, I have no problem snarky with text. That's very different. So we probably still will in the chat room provide that because that's something optional. You can kind of look away to and stuff like that.
I don't know. I think it's fun, but the problem is though is like you have video and you're watching the video, so there's a lot of silence.
I'll tell you what, what we could do, we could record something and make it like a special thing that is like an option. I won't even put it on the feed. It'll be like an optional download somewhere. Like an extra, this is what, if we had a Patreon, it's one of those things I put on the Patreon, like a bonus thing that you can go download and just hear Loki scream about everything, which I know some of you love.
Scream about everything last year.
Actually yeah, Bethesda had one of the better conferences last year.
Yeah, I thought they knocked it out of the park last year. I mean, so I have high expectations. Well, I have no expectations because I don't know what the hell they're coming out with because as long as they don't talk about all their roles online because no one gives a shit about that anymore. I don't know. A new Elder Schools game would be nice.
Tiger Claw in chat says, giant bomb does it. They do commentary over the press conferences.
I stand by what I said.
And also in chat over at live.vognetwork.com, somebody said, oh, Kajuda said Bethesda has nothing to show.
Well, I have a conference. And I feel like they did have surprises last year. In fact, they dropped a pretty big one last year with the whole Fallout Shelter. That ended up being a huge thing.
And I know some of you guys are going to roll your eyes to the back of your head with the phones.
And console mode for Fallout 4, which is just starting to roll out.
And Fallout 4 in general. I mean, people knew it was coming, but we got a ton of information last year.
Oh yeah, it's Dishonored 2. That's right. That is their thing this year.
So, what do you think Bethesda will have this year? Do you think Elder Scrolls will get the reveal of the next game in the franchise?
I don't know if they'll have another game, because that takes a while. I mean, maybe it's possible.
I think maybe more DLC for Fallout 4, because we're kind of at the end of what they've announced for the season pass already.
So, there may be more stuff coming, which I think they did say that that was going to be the case.
Actually, no, I know that they've said that that's going to be the case.
And then there's, you know, it'd be nice, even just an HD collection of Skyrim and Oblivion would be nice, or just Skyrim.
Darsakra, I know you don't play as many Bethesda games, but any thoughts on what they might bring to the table next Sunday?
Skyblivion. They'll probably pick another continent in their world and name a game after it.
Why not?
I would be cool with another property, like something brand new.
Well, actually, that's something I think is...
Another Star Trek game, how about that?
You laugh, but we have the new series coming in 2017, and we have the Star Trek Beyond movie, so I don't think it's beyond all possibility that Star Trek's named.
I realize those games haven't been very good, but maybe they're going to do something to really, you know, make us drool over them.
Although, you know, temper your expectations, people. The video games don't usually end up being very good.
I kind of wish that they'd do a revisit back to that Call of Cthulhu game. Remember that one that we saw years ago at E3?
I would love to see something like that come out. If they still own the rights, they should totally do a new Call of Cthulhu game.
Okay.
You know.
You just like Cthulhu.
Blurgh.
It's the tentacles, you know, they're kind of a turn on.
I'm down for the original IP. I think Bethesda does, you know, we had the Evil Within just a couple of years ago.
We had their Team Fortress-y game that I don't remember in the moment what it was called. I don't even know if that ever came out.
Umm...
I don't remember, dammit, I don't remember what it was called. Somebody in chat will save me here, but you know, they have original IPs sometimes.
So I think that's, that is probably what we'll see is something completely new. So I know that's such a safe prediction, but in this day and age, is that a safe prediction?
Well, we haven't really heard too much about them. I mean, I know what they've got coming, so anything that they've got as a surprise is actually pretty much a surprise right now.
So I'm looking forward to it, I guess.
And Act Deft is saying Dishonored 2, and you know, I'm sure that is going to be a huge, huge thing.
Yeah, they'll probably have like a nice gameplay portion for that.
But they talked about at least four or five games last year, so I'm expecting to see something similar this year.
Yeah, I was, I remember Doom was a big part of it. Fallout 4, they showed off gameplay for that.
Didn't they talk about Elder Scrolls Online at the very beginning, like an expansion or something for that? I seem to recall.
I'd completely filter out anything Elder Scrolls Online.
I know, I don't, I wonder if they're still going to keep that going or if they're kind of done with that. We'll see.
Alright, Doom Plague in chat says Hexen Reboot.
That'd be cool.
Actually, I'm fucking here for that.
Oh, you know what, I hear something that we haven't heard of in a while. What about a new Quake game?
What about a new Quake game? It would seem a little weird though, my only concern is that Doom just came out.
Like, is it really time to talk about another shooter right now?
Yes.
I'm asking the wrong crowd.
And how about more Unreal Tournament while we're at it?
I'm all for more Unreal. Anyway, let's talk about the other one real quick that's going to be on Sunday.
So, before OLR, here's the day to make predictions. EA, what's going to happen with EA?
What do you guys think?
I'm going to be bored with all their sports coverage, which is going to be the majority of it.
Mirror's Edge is awesome, but isn't that already out?
Well, it's like they've already had the beta.
It's coming out, I think, next week or something.
Yeah, it's like weeks away from coming out, so that's a good question.
Are they going to emphasize Mirror's Edge because they know they have a captive audience,
or are they going to kind of de-emphasize a little bit?
I would assume they have to talk about it.
Well, Mass Effect, Titanfall 2 are going to be big.
I think Titanfall 2 is going to be huge.
Mass Effect, obviously, is going to be big.
I would like to see, I mean, it's a pipe dream. I'd love to see that new Criterion game that they're working on right now.
I kind of wish it wasn't the game that they're working on, it was a new Burnout game.
Like, so much. That would be fantastic.
I would be very happy.
A brand new Burnout.
I would be very happy to see Eraser.
It's so amazing.
Yeah, I would be very happy.
Even like, I was watching a trailer today, a launch trailer for that.
It was a golf game I talked about last week.
Extreme Golf, Dangerous Golf, I don't remember what it was called.
I think it was Dangerous Golf or something like that.
Came out on Thursday.
And they have this thing that's like a Smash Breaker, which is a total fucking rip-off of the Crash Breaker from Burnout.
But then it's like, man, I really want another Burnout game.
And I think they have a new E for Speed game coming out, but I don't know if that's this year or not.
I think it might be next year.
Over in chat, over at live.vognetwork.com, Dungeon Buster says, Battlefield 1 is pretty much a definite for EA.
Of course, yeah.
Oh yeah, Battlefield 1, duh, completely forgot about that.
How did you, you play that more than us?
I don't play Battlefield that much.
Actually, I have Battlefield 4.
We have Mass Effect, you have Battlefield.
I don't play Battlefield, though.
Battlefield's more sim.
I stick to the Call of Duty, which is, you know, very arcade-y.
It's good, I like Battlefield 4 a little.
I haven't played it too much.
I really thought about buying Hardline and stuff because it was down to like 10 bucks.
I'm like, eh, but am I really going to play this?
Battlefield 1 looks good, though.
Let me ask this very random question.
Do we think maybe anything on the PC front?
You know, we haven't talked a lot about Origin for a long time.
You know, EA's PC platform has been, I guess, a little bit dormant.
Is it too early for another Sims game?
You know, Sims 4 is in the news this week.
We'll get to that a little later in the show, but is it too early to talk about Sims 5?
Are they going to attempt to do a SimCity?
Well, didn't Maxis get, it could be awkward, I don't know.
It would be interesting to see if they try, though, to do a Sim something.
How about SimAnt Revisited?
But I would like to see like a PC exclusive type of thing coming from EA, you know?
As much crap as SimCity got and, you know, as tepid as the response to Spore was,
I think that's a universe that's still worth visiting, but...
Now, Tigerclaw is saying there's a new Star Wars game.
Yeah, I remember hearing about that, but there's just going to be like either another Battlefront game, which...
Come on, I mean, that was an incomplete game that they put out with DLC that was way too expensive,
and now you're telling me I have to buy another game for more content?
Fuck you, seriously.
Well, with Rogue One being in theater, I mean, we live in a day and age now
where there's going to be a new Star Wars movie every year.
It's a little weird, but awesome.
So, you know, maybe there'll be a tie-in game for Rogue One.
Who knows?
We'll see.
All right.
Okay, so we will find out...
Oh, by the way, Act F says Mirror's Edge is out on the 7th.
Yeah, I thought it was this week, because it's on EA Access, which is usually about a week early, so...
I still think they'll bring it up, if nothing else, DLC talk.
That's always a given.
That's how they push their current stuff, is...
Well, there's supposed to be a TV show they're making too, I think.
Well, that is true. That is very true.
It should be boring as shit.
And Dungeon... Or, excuse me, sorry.
Doomplague in our chat over at live.vognetware.com says,
City Skylines is on sale on Steam at the moment. Forget SimCity.
Exactly, yeah. If there was a new SimCity to come out, it would have to really do much better than it did last time.
Like, it'd have to set that bar way higher.
As much as I don't really give a shit about this game, I'm thinking maybe another Plants vs. Zombies thing.
I don't know about Garden Warfare 3.
Maybe something in that casual space, the PopCap space, you know what I mean?
Peggle 2 is alright, I guess.
Why not Peggle 3?
Why not? Let's do it.
Something new. Like, they have some new IPs that come out every now and then.
I mean, I'd be happy with that.
Or, hey, EA, let's just totally pipe dream. Let's throw out a DJ game of some sort.
You know, hey, did Rock Band do well enough for you?
EA had nothing to do with Rock Band 4.
Oh, okay, well.
And fuck, I don't... Can you make a DJ game anyways?
Alright, we're gonna move on and talk about our gaming week.
We'll see what comes through next week at E3, when E3 starts on Sunday.
So weird. Anyway, let's talk about our gaming weeks and the types of video games that we've been playing,
going into more current stuff.
Dark Sakura, starting with you. How was your gaming week?
Um, I played World of Warcraft.
You've been on hiatus for that for a long time, so...
Like, two years.
So how is it going back?
I forget how to pet battle, and I kinda don't care.
I really like it. I like the story.
I was really interested in the whole Warlords of Draenor thing,
because that's actually one of my favorite things out of the lore.
Or, you know, the Draenei and all that business they went through.
And, um...
It's a sort of interesting kind of, I guess, time traveling a little bit in the game.
Um, it's also, uh...
I love the art style for it. I think it's pretty...
It's definitely looking a lot better than it did when I quit.
Um, the graphic updates are nice.
Um, and it's just, it doesn't force me to have to do instances when I don't want to.
To level.
The level progression feels a lot more solid than Final Fantasy XIV does.
And I like being able to separate my characters and their jobs.
I just like it. It's easier for me.
Plus, I have something, you know...
I can dedicate the time on one thing and not have to switch and change gear classes,
and have everything stored in my storage, and it's just much better managed.
I mean, I think that XIV is prettier in general.
But I think that there's a greater air of magic, of fantasy, in World of Warcraft.
And so, I'm glad to be back.
I'm still solidly Team XIV, but I am curious what the new expansion's gonna do.
You know, new expansions are always an exciting time for an MMO, so...
That's another part of the lore that I like.
I think I read all of the...
Oh, what were the books?
It was about Malfurion and Illidan and all them,
where folks go back in time and see everything firsthand.
I liked that trilogy, and so I'm actually hoping to see more fallout from it.
Let me ask this very random question,
because this is something else that's happening right now that's kind of a big deal.
You know, in the UK, it's happening right now, and we're gonna get it.
I believe next Friday, and that is the Warcraft movie.
That's kind of a big deal in gaming.
I understand the reviews have been pretty tepid so far, what we're seeing,
but do you have interest in the Warcraft movie?
Yeah, I'll see it. I don't care how bad it is.
I kind of feel like I have to.
Like, that part of me that played World of Warcraft,
even though I haven't in years,
well, besides just the random flirting with WoW here and there,
but I haven't really played Warcraft seriously, like raiding and stuff, in a long time.
And I kind of feel like that part of me that did take it seriously for a while,
like I kind of owe it to that part of myself to see the Warcraft movie,
but I'm going in with real low expectations.
I'm going in preparing to take a nap.
Well, you know, me, I have a particular love of bad movies with a good story.
And you know what I mean by bad movies with a good story.
Yeah, Showgirls.
That movie was a shit show, but I love it.
You don't know shit.
I did the hand thing. You guys didn't see it.
But, oh, by the way, I finally got to do that in Miitomo.
What's your favorite scary movie? Showgirls.
Oh, is that a question in Miitomo?
Yeah, what's your favorite horror movie?
So I did Showgirls.
Love it.
So anyway, I have been doing Miitomo.
Right now, I'm dressed like an Azalea trail maid in the game,
which only people from the deep south know what that is.
Also, a little bit of Heroes of Dragon Age.
I'm starting to lose steam on it until I can get Cullen,
and then I'll play it a whole lot more.
I got Ocarina of Time 3D for my 3DS.
It was 20 bucks. I was like, why not? I want to play it.
So I can actually take it at work, because I freaking love Ocarina.
So I'll enjoy getting to play that again.
What else did I play?
Oh, I did buy something that we will be talking about on the show
until the Windows emulation just was like, ugh, ugh, ugh.
It's like old-ass Windows emulation on top of it.
Oh, okay.
And no ability that I could find so far to play it windowed.
So if I can figure out how to play it windowed, I will enjoy it a lot better,
because then I can shrink it and have at least the resolution look right.
But I'm not going to play it so I can figure that shit out.
So I guess we'll come back to that in a little bit,
but if you were listening last week, you might already know what it is.
Moving on, Loki, how was your gaming week?
It was all right. I played a shit ton of Final Fantasy XI.
On a private server, of course.
Oh, shame. I kind of want to go shame on you, but at the same time it's like,
all right, Final Fantasy XI is how old at this point?
Exactly.
Square really needs to get free.
Here's why it's awesome, before you judge.
So I'm playing on a fun server, is what they call it,
and they have a lot of things tweaked in there.
Like the experience rate is ungodly.
I think it's like 30 times the normal experience rate.
And then your guild rate is really high as well,
even though you really don't need to buy anything,
because everything on the auction house is 100 gil.
It doesn't matter what it is, and they constantly stock it.
And then of course the drop rate is ridiculous as well.
You get this auto regen, refresh, TP increase, and all this other stuff automatically.
And on top of all that, all your spells are unlocked completely,
so you don't have to do that in all your jobs,
and all the limit breaks for your jobs are all unlocked.
So it's nice, so you don't have to do all that hassle stuff.
I soloed a black mage to 67 in about less than eight hours.
Wow.
Yeah, exactly.
You know, if Shane's out there listening,
and I doubt he is because he's probably working,
but you're going to get a text message from him shortly.
Where, how, when.
Yeah, it's awesome.
The only thing that kind of sucks is they have something,
because it is on a private server,
some things don't work correctly.
So you can't do the Abyssia stuff, you can't do Corsair.
What? That's like my favorite job in the whole game.
Yeah, Corsair Puppet Master, and Rune something or other.
Oh, the stuff that came with that expansion.
Yeah, because it's basically a little buggy,
and it could cause a server to crash.
So if you do that stuff, so they've locked those out,
but everything else is fair game.
So I'm basically running, I think at one time I had the plus int gear,
which now that I did some research into it,
actually plus magic attack is what I want,
so I'm going back and doing it.
But my plus int gear was so ridiculous,
it was like plus 36 int on my black mage,
and so apparently it doesn't do a whole ton,
so I actually have to go re-buy everything now.
But yeah, it's been fun.
There are some other people playing,
I never run into anybody ever,
so I've been soloing everything,
and with the refresh regen stuff,
I mean, there's really no healing in between anything,
it's just go, go, go, go, go, go, go.
And with the rate of experience,
you can level up to like 15 in one of the starter areas
in about less than 30 minutes.
I mean, really the most time is like,
oh crap, I gotta upgrade my gear,
because it's been about 15 levels since I did that.
So that's really the big thing.
And running also item management,
because the drops are so much,
you're just like constantly auto-sort, auto-sort, auto-sort.
And oh crap, I gotta dump all these stacks
of rabbit furs and stuff that I have.
So it's just extremely fun.
Yeah, I mean, I'm liking it a lot,
because it's just took all the grind out of it.
There's still grind, and you're not invincible,
because now I'm soloing down in Crawler's Nest
or in, god, the tree with the spiders and stuff,
I don't remember what it was called.
Oh, the Boyata tree or whatever it's called, yeah.
Boyata tree, yeah.
Trying to solo there, and it's extremely dangerous,
to the point now where, crap,
this stuff is actually put up a fight,
this regen stuff's not really working out,
or like, oh crap, I gotta kill this thing,
but it's next to all these other things,
and it's just gonna chain them together.
Do they let you do the trust people,
like the NPCs that play with you?
I think you can do the trust.
You should get on that if you haven't already,
because those things help a lot.
The other thing too that you can do as well
is you can teleport, basically.
You can give yourself a chocobo at any time,
so they have little command line things you can put in,
so you can do the chocobos,
you can teleport to different areas,
so it just saves on, there's no ship travel,
there's no chocobo crap that you have to do to get that,
just go, go, go, go, go.
I mean, that's what I love about it,
is just take all the crap out of it,
and it's just the game.
All right, cool.
And then aside from that,
I played a little bit of Ingress,
more Pokemon Go, and yeah.
I mean, I hate level five in Pokemon Go.
I got a Magikarp, so that was kind of fun.
I was like, woo, Magikarp.
I heard you need something like 99 to evolve one of those.
You have to catch 99 Magikarp to evolve.
Yeah, I have to look at it now,
because they've changed how they do everything.
So now they have these candies and dust,
and I don't know, it's just,
I'm like, what the fuck is all this stuff?
They have to snort stuff, and then they believe they're-
Well, they have it now, though, that you can use it to,
you can increase the stats of your characters,
because before it was just like,
okay, you have to catch so many,
then you evolve it to the next thing,
and then catch so many of that,
and you evolve it to the next thing.
Now you can kind of recycle your Pokemon,
and get these things to evolve them,
or change their stats or something.
So I just love the mess of that,
but yeah, it's all right, I guess.
And then Ingress, I need to play more of it,
because I'm out of everything, and yeah.
Yeah, actually, I'm out of level six resonators now.
It's just crazy.
Gotta go hack more.
It would be nice if there were actually things I could hack
that aren't all level eight now.
All right, yeah, I'll show you some places to go.
Anyway, let's move on.
Talking about my gaming week,
and the things I've been playing this week.
So not Pokemon Go, but Pokemon Alpha Sapphire,
I've still been playing a little bit of that.
I was talking about that last week,
where I just suddenly got interested in Pokemon again.
So I was playing just a little bit of that on 3DS this week,
but not a lot.
So finally, Loki, you'll get a kick out of this,
on the Xbox One, I finally, finally, after all this time,
loaded up Saints Row 04.
Oh, I thought you were going to say Grand Theft Auto 5,
but I'll take Saints Row 04.
That's not backwards compatible yet.
But Saints Row 04, they gave away, right?
So I finally fired that up and played it,
and I played through the first three chapters, probably.
So I played the opening,
and I don't want to give too much away,
but the big scene with the music
that's supposed to make you laugh,
but I didn't think it was as funny
as the opening to the third game,
which I've never laughed harder at a video game in my life.
But it was still fun.
And then there's this really weird flashback,
where you're in a 50s sitcom type of thing,
and the way your character walks around.
I was dying.
Everything's so over the top.
So there's still a lot of that funny stuff.
Just because the opening wasn't as good
doesn't mean the game isn't still fucking funny.
But here's the interesting thing,
and the part where I ended up stopping.
So you finally, after going through those sequences,
you end up basically in the same world
from Saints Row 03, right?
Yep.
So you're driving around in the car.
Well, as I'm driving around,
all of a sudden the car disappears,
the game freezes,
and my character is just sitting there
like she's driving the car, but there's no car.
And I can't move anything.
Where's my fucking car?
Exactly.
Where's my sweet ass wheels?
It's just, and the game froze.
And I'm like, is this an emulation thing?
What happened?
It's a Saints Row thing.
Is it a Saints Row thing?
It's a Saints Row thing.
They have the whole buggy Saints Row thing.
That was in that.
Oh, okay.
Well, there you go.
I just didn't really,
and for you really don't need to be driving cars anyways.
Well, you do at one point just,
well, the story tells you two to go get a gun, basically.
This is where I was at.
And then it froze, and I was like,
all right, I guess I'm gonna move on
and play other things.
But here's what I've been playing the most of this week.
So if you listen to the entire episode of Orange Lawns Radio,
and I know not all of you do,
because it's a long show,
but the very, very end of last week's show,
I think my final thought was something like,
I really hope I can resist the temptation to buy Overwatch
because it's getting really difficult to not buy Overwatch.
Well, guess what I did after last week's show?
I bought Overwatch.
And so I've been playing a lot of Overwatch.
And I gotta tell you,
I was really skeptical about Overwatch
for a variety of reasons.
A, are any of my friends gonna be playing
because, you know, a lot of these big multiplayer games,
like, you go and everybody's playing for a week
and then everybody's gone, right?
B, the lack of a single-player mode
still kind of kills me a little bit.
You know, so there were still some reservations I had,
but everybody online is just talking about
how great it is, how great it is.
I remember playing the beta and thinking,
well, it's not that bad.
And then I realized on PC,
and this is really tricky, so just a heads up,
although you can buy the console editions for 60 bucks,
the Origins edition,
and that's the one that shows up in the launcher for PC
as a $60 edition,
look very carefully and read the screen carefully
because underneath the purchase $60 Overwatch Origins editions link,
there is a little link that says,
just, or, buy just Overwatch,
or buy regular Overwatch or plain Overwatch.
And if you click that link
through the Battle.net store on PC only,
you can get Overwatch for 40 bucks.
You just miss all that extra shit.
You don't get the extra skins, who cares?
You don't get the wow pet, I don't fucking care,
the Diablo wings, okay, that would have been cool,
but not $20 cool.
So once I found that, I was like, okay,
now it's only 40 bucks, all right, fuck it,
I'm just going to buy it.
And I've got to say, I'm not disappointed,
and it's a really weird place for me
because I'm not usually into first person shooters,
but I should have listened to what I say all the time
about Blizzard because it's holding itself true again.
Blizzard excels at making genres accessible to everybody.
They did it with the MMO with World of Warcraft
because you look at that compared to a game like EverQuest
or Final Fantasy XI, it's like, wow, it's super accessible.
They did it with Heroes of the Storm and the MOBA.
They've done it with Hearthstone and the trading card game.
And now they've fucking done it with Overwatch
and the first person shooter.
It's extremely just accessible and easy to pick up and play,
and it's really, really fun.
And the part that is surprising me greatly
is that I can play with strangers
and actually be totally okay with it.
I'm not really finding myself in a toxic environment.
Why? I just disabled voice chat, easy as pie.
And there's still enough to do
where you don't really feel like you're working against your team.
I have a lot of fun with it,
but I have way more fun when I do have friends.
I was playing with some friends.
For those of you that listen to Starboard Power Coupling,
which, by the way, shout out, they're going to be 100 years old.
No, they're having their episode 100 in, I think it's on June 18th.
Is there a 100th episode?
So, yeah, that's very cool, so congrats to them.
But I was playing with Dr. Ken from that show
and some of his WoW rating buddies that I had met at BlizzCon a couple years ago.
We all played Overwatch the other night, and I had a great time.
And it was cool because I got to experiment with some characters
I don't usually get to play around with, and nobody cared.
So I got to do a couple matches as Winston
when I'm really used to doing support.
One other thing I'm going to say about Overwatch
that I think is very important as to why this game is so successful.
I think Overwatch, this is going to be a big statement I'm about to make,
I think Overwatch has the best art direction
and cinematic presence of any video game ever.
I really believe it.
I think Overwatch has the best art direction
and cinematic presence of any video game I have ever played, ever.
And I think that goes a long way as to why this game is so fun
because it feels like you're playing a frickin' movie.
A lot of that has to do with the way the sound is designed
and how you get climatic music during certain points of the game
and it just has this big epic feel to it.
Part of it is just the way the plays of the game are designed, how that plays out,
because it kind of gives you something to hope for and look forward to
and kind of see at the end of the game
and it kind of just bookends to a really cool story
when a game only runs for like ten minutes or less.
And so it's a very great thing to approach in short bursts.
The heroes are fantastically well designed.
Look at all the fan art out there
and other stuff we were talking about last week,
the CD'er stuff, so to speak,
but the characters are extraordinarily well done.
I don't think that type of stuff can be ignored about Overwatch
and why it's doing so well.
What did they say? Seven million people were playing it the first week?
Bobby Blackwolf in chat says,
I refuse. I still suck at FPSs unless it auto-aims for me.
I do notice the aiming mechanism is much more forgivable
than it is in other games.
It seems like the hitboxes are much larger
or there's a little bit of an assist going on.
But I will say this, Bobby.
Depending on which character you play, you may not need to aim.
For example, Mercy.
If you're going to heal, you don't need to aim
because it's like the medic in Team Fortress 2.
You just run behind them and you use either the heal gun
or you use the support gun
and it automatically attaches a line to them.
So there's that.
Or with Symmetra, you're very rarely in the fold attacking people.
I mean, you kind of can, but again, her weapon,
and I think Winston's weapon is like this too,
you just have to be kind of near the target
and the weapon will, it's more like an area of effect weapon
than it is like a gun that you aim.
So there's that.
And I was going to say, there was another character too
that's like this where you don't necessarily have to be able to aim.
Oh, Soldier 76.
His ultimate ability is that you just shoot anywhere you want
and the bullets will automatically hit any opponent that's in range.
The ultimates are very interesting.
So, I mean, that is how Blizzard made a first person shooter more accessible,
is that not everybody necessarily needs to first person shoot.
It's crazy, but it works.
Let's see.
Bobby says, isn't it a team game so you would need voice chat?
Not necessarily.
The objectives are usually pretty clear.
Everybody knows their role.
I think it can be enhanced with voice chat, but it's not needed.
Let's see.
Also looking in chat over at live.vognetwork.com.
ActDef says, so basically it's just Team Fortress 3
with more likeable characters.
And I'm not shading Team Fortress 2.
Team Fortress 2 has very likeable characters, incredible characters.
Overwatch somehow pushes it further and it's pretty amazing.
Let's see.
And VidPower in chat says, Overwatch's characters are so likeable.
Yeah, I agree.
And lastly, Tigerclaw in chat says, so you can play the game in third person
and still get hits if your aiming is off.
Can you play in third person?
I know you can spectate in third person, but if you can play in third person,
I haven't seen that yet, but it seems like the engine can render it.
I haven't looked for it, so I don't want to say it's not there.
But again, it would depend on your characters.
So there you go.
All right.
And then Kaijuto says, this guy is caught up in the hype.
Let's see what he says in December.
I don't know if that's totally a fair statement
because a good game is a good game, and yeah, it's a lot of fun right now.
Will it still go in December?
I kind of think Blizzard, based on their track record,
have a pretty good way of keeping their games relevant.
And I think they will do, I mean, if they make good on their promise
of new maps, new characters, things like that,
to make you want to revisit the game,
I think they will sustain it through December.
We'll see.
So how about that DLC or the in-game microtransactions?
I just ignore it.
It's skins, it's sprays, and you get some for leveling up,
like tagging the walls and stuff,
and you can change the quotes and the characters and stuff like that.
I still kind of don't like it, but I just don't support it.
So I don't buy from the store because I don't need that stuff.
Fair enough.
All right.
But that's enough.
I have talked plenty and plenty about Overwatch.
I want to get into...
If someone will get it for me, that would be great
because I actually do want the WoW stuff.
I might start playing Diablo again.
Diablo is really fun.
I got it for free.
By the way, that's an example of the whole
is Overwatch still going to be relevant six months from now type of thing.
I'm still playing Diablo 3.
How long ago did that game come out?
That game was a fucking mess when it came out.
I quit playing it soon after I hit level 10.
Yeah.
But yet you're tempted to...
Does anybody remember the server issues?
Does anybody still focus on that?
No.
Exactly why a SimCity 2 could possibly be a thing.
Perhaps.
Very much so.
Okay.
We got to get into some housekeeping.
I want to get into gaming news for the week as well.
So housekeeping for the week.
Next week's show is going to be a little bit different
as we mentioned earlier with the whole E3 stuff going on.
But we will be here in studio.
I do want to give one more shout out for what is going on in Atlanta
this upcoming weekend, the Southern Fried Gaming Room Expo.
I've been talking about this on the show.
If you are in the Atlanta area, I urge you to check it out.
It's going to be running June 10th through 12th.
It's old school arcade games.
Panels.
Just kind of like celebrating that gaming culture.
Especially if you love the video games of the 80s and 90s.
I really think you're going to enjoy it.
I'm really bummed I can't be out there in person.
I wanted to go.
I explored going.
But just with my job transition late last year,
I just wasn't going to be able to make it work.
I had to choose this or Dragon Con.
I chose Dragon Con.
But our very own Bobby Blackwolf will be there.
He told me he's doing three panels on Saturday and one panel on Sunday.
This is the Bobby Blackwolf Expo, I think.
He's not moderating the ball, but he's participating in four different panels throughout the weekend.
You will have ample opportunities to say hello to Mr. Blackwolf.
If you are a VOG listener, he will be there.
I'm sure some of our other listeners will be.
Be sure to let us know in chat or on Twitter if you're going to be at Southern Fried Game Room Expo.
Maybe next year I'll be able to join you guys.
Hopefully I'm able to make that work.
Check that out this upcoming weekend.
I also want to give a shout out.
Speaking of Bobby, our YouTube channel, if you haven't checked in on that lately,
be sure to visit our YouTube channel over at VOG Network.
It's our username on YouTube.
If you missed the Mass Effect ride review that I did with Shane from Ranger Pridecast,
you should check that out.
That's still there on the feed.
Bobby has uploaded a couple interviews this week.
Bobby showed this week very, very, very much about AR and the Hololands and his experiences with that.
If you want to take that one step further, Bobby's done a few interviews.
My understanding is there's more and more video.
Bobby's been very busy these past couple weeks.
That is coming soon to the YouTube channel.
Check that out as our YouTube presence is expanding this year.
Be sure to like, subscribe, and all that fun stuff.
I noticed some stuff in chat.
I just want to add to this on the whole Overwatch talk real quick before we get into gaming news
because this was something I thought about myself.
ActDeftInChat says, if Splatoon is still going...
Actually, I think one of the things that makes Overwatch so likable is a lot of the same things
that are making Splatoon very likable right now.
There's a lot of commonality right there.
I know we went back and forth a lot about Splatoon voice chat.
I still kind of wish it was there if I wanted it.
But to go back to that comment that came in earlier,
how do you know what to do if you can't communicate with your other teammates?
You'd asked about with Overwatch.
Well, look at Splatoon as well. You can kind of get away with it.
Splatoon also has great art direction.
Very vibrant, very cinematic, very colorful in the way it's presented.
I think Splatoon is a lot of fun for the same reasons.
My point being, I think Overwatch has way more in common with Splatoon
than it does with Battlefield.
That's my comment on all that.
Alright, let's get into some gaming news for now, though.
We're going to start off with Loki.
Alright, so like they did the last few years, Sony is bringing E3 to you
if you happen to go to one of the 80 movie theaters that they are going to be broadcasting it to.
You can watch the conference on Monday, June 13th.
It'll be running from, I want to say, 6 to 830.
And you can get tickets, I guess, right away, or try to get tickets.
And yeah, with that, if you do attend, you will get a commemorative Coca-Cola cup,
a PlayStation card, and a digital gift basket.
And they have a bunch of locations that are doing it. You can go to their website.
But none here.
Yes, unfortunately none here.
I just happened to notice there are none here. We'd have to go to the Bay Area.
If you want to check it out, PlayStation.com slash E3 Experience, if you want to see if there's one nearby.
Yeah, nothing, unfortunately, unless I'm in the Bay Area or LA.
If I'm in LA, then I'm going to just go to it.
Yeah, right. I know our pals from Game Buoy, also here on the VOG Network.
I know our pals from Game Buoy went to this last year, so I can't see why they won't be going this year.
I didn't ask Captain Spike if they got tickets, but they'll probably go.
They had a good time last year.
If they had it here, I'd go, just because I think it would be a fun way to watch it with a bunch of other gamers.
With all the cheers and stuff, it would be kind of like being there live,
which I'm very thankful I got to do at least one time in my life, was be at the event live.
But, hey, at least this way I'm going to be watching it at home, so the good news is, pants optional.
And that is also a great way to experience E3, just so we're all clear.
Well, it is a packed theater. I mean, it's dark. Pants could be optional.
Alright, pants should always be optional, but only American meaning of pants.
Let's move on with some more news about E3 and talk about Nintendo, which some of you also may be watching without pants.
I don't know, but there's going to be a long time to watch.
Here's the interesting thing about Nintendo, if you didn't already know.
They're not going to do a Nintendo Direct this year, because they've pretty much already said,
we're just showing Zelda at E3, that's it.
However, what they're going to be doing instead is they're going to be doing two full days of Treehouse coverage.
So the Treehouse gang, they did this last year, they broadcast live from the E3 show floor.
They're going to be doing it again this year.
9 a.m. Pacific on June 14th is when they're going to be streaming.
But here's the thing, what's kind of developed as this week has gone on.
Treehouse is not going to only show Zelda.
It seems like that's what they're certainly going to focus on in the beginning, because I think that's what a lot of people want to know about.
But they have announced there is going to be some other things shown on the feed as well.
They will have the first live gameplay of Pokemon Sun and Pokemon Moon, which actually is going to kick off the streams.
That's pretty cool.
The second day, they're going to talk about Monster Hunter's Generation, Dragon Quest 7, Pokemon Go will be a part of that as well, Tokyo Mirage Sessions.
So there's a lot to see on the feed.
So I guess that's a bit of a relief to some people, is that there is going to be more than Zelda.
Don't get me wrong, Zelda footage is great, and I'm still not understanding why they have a 90-minute demo for it.
I guess that's cool. I don't think they need it because it's Zelda, but whatever.
After a while, how many repeats of the Zelda footage could you watch?
It would get kind of repetitive and not necessarily boring, but it's like, okay, I'm ready for something different.
So yeah, they've got all the third parties, some third party stuff that show off as well, so I'm assuming that's what they'll cover because that's what they kind of did last year.
I mean, last year, I think, how many directs did they have? Multiple directs, and even still, they had stuff that they were announcing on Treehouse because they couldn't fit it all in.
And this year, it's like...
Well, but it also goes to show that Treehouse may have some kind of bonus stuff in it, so maybe...
I'm still very disappointed this year with them. I mean, I get it, it's all about Zelda, but you've got more than...
I literally just said it's not all about Zelda. There may be some more things that show up for Treehouse.
I'm saying they're talking about E3, it's all about Zelda, but they've got more games coming. They've got that Paper Mario game that I'd like to know.
I think that's more interesting because that's actually coming out this year.
I think they'll show that on Treehouse. I think they will.
And how long is it before we get to this? I mean, is this... Let's think about this.
If this system is greatly more powerful than the Wii U, are we gonna really want it on the Wii U?
Or is this gonna be something we get down to the end and it's like,
Oh yeah, we just decided that it's just gonna be an NX game instead of a Wii U game?
No, because they promised it on Wii U, they will still say...
It's gonna be just like the GameCube Zelda. I'm using my quote-y fingers that ended up on Wii. Same thing.
Well, granted, but the Wii was pretty much just as powerful as the GameCube, so that was basically the same thing.
This potentially could be something different. Granted, I would hope that their system is more powerful than the Wii U.
Alright, well Nintendo has an awful lot of space on the E3 show floor for the one game.
I don't know if you've heard this rumor as well, is that the demo is supposedly 90 minutes.
I guess there's two demos and combined it is 90 minutes worth of gameplay.
That'll be very, very interesting. But Nintendo has reserved a lot of space for it.
Which, when I say a lot of space, honestly, looking at the map, it looks to me like the same amount of space they reserve every year.
I just, I don't... I get it. I mean, I'm all excited for a longer demo. I mean, that's what people want.
But like, if you're thinking about, do you really need that long of a demo to sell this game?
I mean, I'm excited for the game right now. I don't think I need 90 minutes of the game.
I mean, granted, yeah, I'll take 90 minutes of the game, but it's like, I'm just thinking like the five hour lines that they normally have.
You know, shrink that demo down. I mean, come on.
Well, the entire booth is nothing but Zelda kiosks, though. It's gonna be interesting. I don't know.
Like, I'm curious to see how it plays out. But, you know, a 90 minute demo is kind of a throwback to the days of the PlayStation discs that came with the magazine that gave you a really robust demo of the game.
So, I think it's exciting. I hope it doesn't cause...
That is pretty exciting. No, it doesn't even matter.
Is fucking stream the goddamn demo. You have a fucking eShop. Download the fucking demo.
I was like, they're gonna stream it on Treehouse. What are you talking about?
No. I understand. Yes, it could be running on dev hardware, whatever. But you could make a smaller demo that could be ready to play so that everybody tries it out.
I don't think they'll do it.
Of course not. That's effort.
I think in this day and age of the fact that they could stream that 90 minute demo on Twitch, that's what they're gonna do.
Well, they could have done that, too, back in the 2006, you know, E3. But instead, you know, hey, guess what? On Microsoft's, you know, the storefront, they had three demos you could download and try.
Interesting point from Bobby Blackwolf in our chat over at live.vognetwork.com. How long is the Final Fantasy XV demo, the first one?
Oh, that was a good probably two-hour demo, right? But that wasn't on the E3 show floor. But, you know, I think that's what Loki wants. Something that you can download and experience yourself, right? And that whole thing.
Exactly. I mean, that's more exciting than watching a stream of a 90-minute demo.
Yeah. Well, we'll see. I'm still awfully curious to see what happens at E3. Moving on. DarkSakura, what do you have for us? Not E3.
Well, really good news. And I think that the folks behind The Sims have always been really good about diversity and making sure that people are represented. You know, you've been able to have gay couples from the get-go. You could have alien and vampire babies in E3.
Well, now in Sims 4, they're removing the gender restrictions on clothes, hairstyles, and some of the other characterizations. Like, the custom gender settings they have now is that you can pick the gender, but you can also customize it a bit more.
Sections include physical frame, if it's masculine or feminine, clothing preference, if the Sim can get others knocked up or neither. And the last question, can the Sim use the toilet standing?
Interesting.
They do make things that help women stand up and pee, just saying. Sure. You know. But, um, they, uh, I think it's a really, really good thing for them to do, especially with all this, you know, people getting their panties in a twist over, you know, genitals and bullshit.
So, I think that, um, it's a really good thing to see them actually taking that next step. And if it's supposed to be simulating life, quote, even video gamey life, then why not add in that customization, make it a bit more gray area, like, you know, things in real life are.
I'm all about choice. If I don't like it, I won't choose it. Ta-da! But I do love in Miitomo that I can wear a princess dress, because it makes for some fun pictures.
Or green lam undies in a top hat, Rob.
I do what I want in Miitomo, and I think anybody should be able to do what they want. Now, I realize I have a more tongue-in-cheek style with it. And for other people, this is real life. But again, I portray my Miitomo in fun, zany ways. I realize some other people are gonna take the Sim stuff very seriously, and that's, that's cool. Like I said, I'm all about choice.
If I don't want to do it, I won't choose it. Done! But Sims has always been about, you know, kinda, I guess, it's kinda funny, I can't help but get my head out of this story that was going around this week. Did you see this on Facebook?
That the Tesla guy, Elon Musk, right? Had this whole theory that we are simply people living in a greater, uh, uh, and I'm totally gonna mess this up.
Like avatars in a, like, intergalactic video game. Something like that, in an intergalactic video game simulation or something like that. And I was like, kinda like, how apropro with this Sims news is that, you know, for the, uh, greater civilization that's playing a game of The Sims right now with us, uh, you know, just interesting.
Anyway, uh, very cool though. I'm all about options and, and more stuff, and if you, uh, wanna wear whatever clothes you want. I mean, how many women do I know that wear guys' clothes, cause a lot of times they're com- I don't wanna say they're always comfier, but for some women they are.
And for me, shoot, sometimes I've seen like a button-up shirt or something that is a woman's shirt, but whatever.
You know what? Gendering clothes to me is as stupid as gendering pens.
Especially t-shirts, although I get some need the boobage. Some need to be cut a little differently for the boobage. That's, but I mean, usually it doesn't-
Call them titty shirts then.
Well, to some extent I think that the girl cut shirts are meant to take into account the different torso length on average.
But for me, like for example, if I wanna buy a men's t-shirt and I want it to fit girly but accommodate my shoulders, cause I've got some big shoulders.
I'll buy a medium or a small, a men's medium or small. When I had pneumonia and lost all that weight, I could get away with wearing a boys' XL shirt.
I have a few boys' XL shirts in my closet still, that I can still wear. But yeah, it doesn't matter. I buy men's jeans, you know why? Pockets.
You know why else? Better made. It's just women's clothes are meant to be, I'm just gonna stop cause I will get on a rant.
Is that products that are made for women are usually more expensive because they are put with some sort of, oh this is special for you.
Or disposable fashion, you know.
Made for a man but pH balanced for a woman.
Oh, fuck that shit. You know what? I like the smell of my husband's deodorant. I buy it for him because that's how I want him to smell.
Which is a wife's prerogative. And I will use that shit because it smells like sandalwood and freakin' oranges. And it smells amazing.
I gotta read some of these comments from chat and then we'll move on. Stoppy in chat at live.voguenetwork.com says, burn that bra, DarkSakura. You go girl.
Oh no, I can't burn my bra. I'm a double D. No, I take that back. I'm a triple D.
I need the support. She's keeping her bra. But she's burning the women's pants. Listen, she is a Diners Drivin' in Dives, okay?
Well now the entire internet knows my chest size. Thank you.
Alan Alchemy says, women's jeans are given fake pockets so they have to buy a purse.
And SSG100Matt says, my girlfriend hates girls jeans because of the pockets. She doesn't want to have a purse. She just wants men's pockets. There it is.
Alright, let's move on. We got other stuff to talk about than just clothes. Although, funny enough, clothes will come up later in the show, I promise.
But it'll be a little different. For now, let's get back to some other games. Loki.
Alright, I know everybody's excited about this, but hey, that Allison Road game. The one that was supposed to be like kind of the continuation of P.T.
Because, you know, Silent Hills isn't gonna be a thing. Yeah, that got cancelled too. So, sorry.
Bastards. Well, but we don't know the reasons yet, right?
We don't know. They just said sadly.
Well, you know where all the tinfoil hats are going? Is that they got a C&D from our pals at Konami. Again, this is alleged and rumor mill, we don't know.
They say that there will be a statement soon, but because they're not saying right away, everybody's assuming worst case scenario, everybody's already got a hate boner for Konami.
And, let's be real, rightfully so, after the past couple years. So, this is instantly where everybody's going.
Hey, Melger Solid 3. It's got a pachinko slot machine.
Hey, don't be ruining the news that's coming up later.
Spoiler.
But yes, they're basically from their official Twitter page.
Hi all. Sadly, Allison Road had to be cancelled. Statement to come in the next few days. Thanks for all your support. Very sad to see it had to come to this.
I was gonna say, wasn't this another Kickstarter project? And it was, but then the Kickstarter was stopped because they got the publishing deal.
Interesting.
So, I don't understand how it can be, you know, it's not really a continuation of it. I mean, it's just similar setting, I guess. I mean, I don't understand how they can get cease and desist from Konami.
I'm not sure how that works either, unless there was something, did they use-
Unless they've patented or copyrighted the gameplay for the trailer.
Eh, no. You can't really patent gameplay, though.
Or the events that happen. I don't know.
Well, here's the thing. Did they use Konami's name or Silent Hill's name in their Kickstarter?
Or did they use their assets for the engine?
Yeah, because if any of those things came into play, that's gonna be what got them. But again, we are tinfoil-hatting with everybody else right now. We don't know that that's the case. There could be something else.
The publishing could have fell through. Somebody may have left or decided it wasn't working. We don't know. So, we're gonna find out hopefully in the next couple days.
They're gonna probably bury it under all the E3 news that's about to be released upon the world.
Yeah, I'm just kind of skimming everything on this. I don't see anything mentioning Silent Hill or even P.T. for that matter.
Yeah, and DungeonBuster in chat says the screens looked very, very similar to P.T.'s aesthetics, but that's like saying P.T. has a patent on scary modern house interiors.
To me, isn't that saying that Silent Hill, in my opinion, isn't that saying that Silent Hill and Frigens are Resident Evil?
I mean, that's basically the same logic there. Yeah, I mean, there's just... I don't see anything like that. I mean, if it is a cease and desist from Konami, on what grounds, I'd be interested to see that.
Oh my god. If it does end up being that, can people hate them anymore right now? I don't think it's possible, but if that ends up being the case, we might find out.
Let's just hope it's not.
Alright, moving on. Some big news for this week. I think this is a pretty big deal anyway because I got some free games this week. Sorta.
Here's the deal. If you weren't aware, if you are using GOG.com, which, you know, is good old games, but I think now their branding is they're really just trying to be GOG.com.
And it's somewhat of a competitor to Steam, but they really started out and still deal with old video games. That really was their bread and butter for the first few years.
I've bought things on there like Sid Meier's Covert Action, which is one of my favorite games growing up.
You can get things like Sid Meier's Colonization, the original, you know, things like that. You can get old school games on good old games.
Oh, I bought a game called Castles 2 that I used to play a lot on PC. But anyway, now they do a lot of the newer games too because it is the same company that made the Witcher 3.
So they sell newer games as well, so they've been growing a bit more to be more of a Steam competitor.
They put out that front end, the GOG Galaxy. Is that what it's called? GOG Galaxy, I think it's called?
Yeah, I think so.
It's like their storefront, their client, it was something they put out I think last year, a little bit of a response to Steam.
And now this is another pretty big step to try to get people to get that GOG account up and running and check out the GOG Galaxy front end.
Is that now you can link your Steam account with your GOG library and once you do so, you can import your Steam games into GOG at no extra charge.
But, there's a big but here, if you run this it's not going to just suddenly import all those 500 games you have on Steam that you collected in Humble Bundles.
It does have to be something that's approved by the publisher for this import.
So for that reason, this list is limited to what, about 20 or so games right now? I'm guesstimating here.
Some of the selections, VVVVVV, The Witcher Enhanced Edition, Galactic Civilizations 3, Braid, Saints Row 2, but not 3, Bit.Trip Runner, and so on and so on.
So when GOG recognizes that these games are in your Steam library, they will now show up in your GOG library for no extra charge.
And some people might think, well what's the big deal? Well, A, to try to put everything into one warehouse because if you know that you have more games in your GOG launcher, what are you likely to fire up to play your games?
GOG or Steam? There's that whole thing into it.
The big, big thing for some people is the fact that GOG games are completely DRM-free.
And Steam does have their Steam DRM and we all know about the big button that if Steam ever goes out of business someday, their games will become DRM-free, but for now that's not the case.
So for some people that's a very big deal.
Also the GOG games sometimes come with little extras, like a PDF manual or a soundtrack, just kind of depending on the game.
That will show up in your GOG library on a game-by-game basis as well if it's found in your Steam library.
So not a ton of extra frills, but still kind of a nice feeling that, oh, if I buy it here, I'm also going to have it here.
It's a little bit like trying to homogenize the PC platform in a little bit of a way. It certainly makes GOG more competitive, if nothing else.
So, I don't know, Loki, do you ever use GOG? Do you think you could try this at all?
I have some free games on there. That's about it, though. I haven't really used it much.
So I think I have GOG Galaxy installed, so I'll try it.
And actdeftinchat says, I'm supposed to be saying G-O-G. I don't know, I just... G-O-G, I don't know, I think GOG, whatever.
Maybe it's not correct, but it just rolls off the tongue in a different way. GOG.
Sounds like googly eyes, kind of like Bobby Blackwell would put on his Oculus Rift, or his HoloLens as the case may be.
So I don't know, I keep just saying GOG.
Must be hard to put those on the HoloLens, because you actually have to look through it.
I think he talked about it in tonight's show, that there is a safe place he can put them on there, but you'll have to download the show to hear it.
So, anyway. That's true. Thank you. Tigerclaw has a very good point as well. Tigerclaw says, well we call this place VOG, so we should be able to say GOG.
You know what, that's a damn obvious point that probably is coming into play more than anything else, to be honest.
Sorry, it's the V-O-G.
Alright, anyway. I will say I did run this process myself earlier on GOG, and I got like nine extra games in my GOG library out of it.
So, you know, that's kind of cool. Something for nothing. I'm a fan.
Most of these games I got out of humble bundles and stuff anyway, so.
Alright, let's move on. DarkSakura, you've got old games to talk about too. You love to talk about old games on this show.
Yeah, and I need to tell everyone in chat not to spoil for me, but it was funny, last week's classic game was D.
And it looks like that I must be psycho and have the SPN, because D is now on GOG, which is the game that I was trying to run in emulated DOS, and it was not happy.
I paid six bucks for it, which is great, because I like paying less money for decent games.
So, yeah. I mean, I think that it's good that it's out so now more people can experience the cracked out weirdness.
But, yeah. Act deft. It was a joke. Psycho. And have ESPN.
Mean Girls reference. That's okay, not everybody's gonna get the Mean Girls reference.
I haven't even seen Mean Girls, but I know that.
You can quote it without seeing it, it's fine.
I know, because of everybody. Actually, I have the movie now and someone needs to come over and watch it with me.
So anyway, I already told y'all what it was about last week, so just go buy it.
I didn't realize that that's what Ken Gino died of, though. That he died of heart failure.
I thought he was gonna die of ESPN, but yeah.
Well, whatever.
Boo.
So apparently, though, he had another game idea that is now under crowdsourcing to cover.
His colleagues are trying to develop this idea that he had into a game.
Um. So, called Kakexun. K-A-K-E-X-U-N. So, cool. If it's crazy, I'll play it.
I think that's really cool, though, that you had that classic game of the week last week and then all of a sudden it's back in the news.
It's almost like someone out there listens to this show, Dark Sakura. Someone out there with influence is listening.
And they got the license and everything all put together in a week.
Well, nobody else is using it.
Technically, like, three days.
It was an easy one to get. I'm kidding, I'm kidding.
It did, well, it's original release had an MS-DOS version, so what ifs.
What ifs. Alright, let's travel around the world and check out some release dates.
We may not be able to foresee the virtual releases all the time, but we definitely know what's gonna hit the store shelves at least.
And some of the virtual releases.
Loki, what's coming out in the US this week?
Well, one thing we know that's coming out this week is gonna be Mirror's Edge Catalyst, which is on PC, PlayStation 4, and Xbox One.
Also, we have Odin Sphere Left Fraser. I think that's how you pronounce that.
That's on PlayStation 3. Basically all the PlayStation platforms. PS3, PS4, and Vita.
SteamWorld Heist HD on PC, Mac, and Linux. PS4 and Vita.
The Solus Project on PC and Xbox One.
And then also Hearts of Iron 4 on PC, Mac, and Linux.
And, let's see, later on this week, on Friday, we're gonna have Kirby Planet Robobot.
That's on 3DS.
It's a big deal for some people.
Yep. And then there's a new Sherlock Holmes game coming out, apparently, The Devil's Daughter.
That's on PC, PlayStation 4, and Xbox One.
Some people eat those games up.
Yes.
That's why they keep making them.
And then, of course, Guilty Gear Xrd Revelator. That's on PlayStation 3 and PlayStation 4.
And Outlier Sophie, the Alchemist of the Mystery Book on Vita and PlayStation 4.
That's it.
Let's travel to Japan and check out the releases over there for this week.
On June 9th, Project CARS Perfect Edition hits the PlayStation 4.
Mirror's Edge Catalyst also gets released in Japan on June 9th.
And Grand Ages Midi-Val comes out. Not medieval, but Midi-Val comes out on the PlayStation 4 this week as well.
And I think there's also a motocross video game, MXGP 2, comes out in Japan this week.
That is all on the PlayStation 4.
On the Wii U, unfortunately, nothing really to report until we get closer to, like, the 23rd when Minecraft Wii U comes out in Japan.
But there's nothing on the Vita this week either, which is kind of surprising, because the Vita is much different in Japan than it is here in the US.
They still get a lot of releases over there.
But there is some stuff to look forward to on the 3DS.
In fact, there are some new LL systems, their version of the XL.
They have a lime cross black and a pink cross white system coming out.
And on June 9th for the 3DS, Gaya Kuten Saiban 6.
That is the Ace Attorney series.
It's a new game this week, so I'm pretty sure some folks who are into those law games and Objection and Phoenix Wright and all his characters are going to be excited about that release on the 3DS this week.
Alright, let's move over to the UK, Dark Sakura.
Very little. On the 9th, Mirror's Edge Catalyst. On the 10th, Kirby Planet Robobot.
Done. There it is.
Alright, just a couple more news stories for you guys, and then we're going to go to Dark Sakura with this week's Classic Game of the Week and see what future digital release she'll be predicting this week. Loki.
I'm actually surprised by this number, but apparently Valve has sold 500,000 units of the Steam Controller.
Wow, that is pretty good.
That is pretty good.
That's worldwide, right?
Yes.
You have to remember, Steam is very, very, very, very, very big in other countries as well, more so even than console gaming.
So it's a little less surprising when you consider the worldwide element.
I don't know, I have never tried that controller, but it's different, so I don't like it.
Not really my appeal, or it doesn't appeal to me, but that's cool that they've sold so many.
I don't like things that are different, signed Loki.
I'm just kidding.
But I saw a sale on Steam, that was the big Steam sale this weekend, was buy a controller or a Steam Link.
And I have to admit, I was a little bit tempted, but I didn't do it.
I'm not using the Steam Link enough, sadly, to justify that.
I like the Xbox 360 controller. It works well.
I mean, I don't really think I need this controller.
I mean, yeah, I don't, so I'm not going to pick it up.
Maybe if they have one on a really cheap, cheap sale or something, like ten bucks or something.
But no, I'm not going to pick it up for full price.
Alright, well congrats anyway on the sales milestone for Valve.
It'll be interesting to see if they decide to do a second version, or they soup it up with something else later on, who knows.
I bet some of y'all went to the mall this weekend.
And the reason why is because of a partnership between Vans and Nintendo.
Now we had already talked about on a previous episode how this partnership was happening, but the release actually came out.
And it is more than just shoes.
We thought in the beginning, because Vans is probably most famous for their shoes, and originally they were showing shoes, well guess what?
There's a hell of a lot more that's out there, including backpacks, hats, socks, sandal-type shoes, shirts.
I mean there's a lot of stuff that's out there, so you can actually check a lot of that out on Vans' store.
There's actually some cute stuff that I want, like this hat that has all the Donkey Kong stuff on it I think is really cool.
You can just get a hat that says Game Over.
You get a backpack that says Game Over.
You can get a t-shirt that has the princess on it, and with a little logo around it that says your princess is another castle, something like that.
So you can check that out.
And Vans has this all online on their website, so you can check that out at the Vans website, but it's also available in stores.
So some folks have been going to the stores to check some of this out.
They are saying though that this is a limited time.
We don't know what the limited time is, if it's a couple years, if it's through the holiday or what, but don't expect these things to be around forever.
But that's actually very typical of licensing agreements.
They're not usually indefinite. They usually have a type of limit on it.
So there you go.
And Bobby Blackwolf says, do those shoes cost $300, Rob?
Great question, but no, I believe they're more in the what, like $40 to $60 range.
Oh, there you go.
Actev says $60 to $80.
That's still kind of pricey for shoes, but you know what?
You know what I say to that, Dark Sakura?
Let's get them.
These shoes are $300 fucking dollars.
All right, let's travel back.
You know, I remember when Nintendo clothes were something you had to order out of Nintendo Power when they had a catalog in the magazine.
You could just walk into the mall.
We're going to take a trip down memory lane and visit the classic game of the week where every week on the show,
Dark Sakura picks a game out of the archive that she thinks, hey, you should be playing this with E3 on the horizon to hell with Mirror's Edge and Mass Effect Andromeda.
Just kidding. She didn't say that.
To hell with all these new games. Play this classic.
I was like, hey, you remember this one?
Well, the game of the week is Pandemonium, which was also known as Magical Hoppers in Japan.
And I will tell you this, even-
Also known as some reviews I've seen for this show.
Girl.
So anyway, what's funny is that I actually played Magical Hoppers first.
If I remember right, I think Pandemonium was released in the US first and then Magical Hoppers came out in Japan and then Pandemonium got the UK release.
So they were actually kind of different versions of different things.
So it was pretty, pretty interesting that way.
So with this game, I mean, of course, the Japanese version is completely just reskinned and all of that.
So I'm sorry, I'm getting messages in the chatroom while I'm trying to do my segment. Stop it.
Anyway, so Pandemonium stars two characters.
One of them is a jester named Fargus, and he has a staff named Sid.
And then there's the Nikki, who is a circus performer who then decides to become a wizard and she steals some book of magic and Pandemonium happens.
And it's one of those 2.5D games.
It actually plays not too differently in the way it scrolls and moves from Planoa.
It's just that little platforming in the round kind of thing.
And it's really you play through the game, you bop things on the head, you jump on things, you bounce on watermelons, you get gems and you beat the game.
So versions of this game, there's the PlayStation, the PC and the Saturn version, and it had an N-Gage version.
The N-Gage version had 11 levels where the other ones had 18.
And the saves for this game actually use a password system. They don't use the memory card.
Now, the story for the Japanese one is actually a bit different.
So with this game for Pandemonium, it starts off already in like a magical land and everything in the Japanese one.
And it actually has a fully animated opening instead of the 3D CGI opening that the U.S. one had.
But the animated one for Japan in Magical Hoppers is that these two normal people get summoned to another world and the girl becomes a bunny girl.
And the boy gets some weird outfit and a magical talking stick.
And they have to, I guess, get back to their own world. It's different.
And so my memory first of this game is Magical Hoppers, including seeing all of the freaking commercials for it on some of the early anime that I would just watch taped off of my friend's TV in Japan.
So Pandemonium did have a sequel. It came out in 1997 for PlayStation and PC called Pandemonium 2.
And the Japanese sequel was called Miracle Jumpers.
But I forgot to mention that Pandemonium came out in 1996 and was developed by Toys for Bob, which is great because we just saw a Bob last night and it was published by...
And I just retweeted the picture, by the way, of me because Alan posted it. So I was like, all right, even though I look hideously fat...
I'm not posting the picture of me.
You look fine, but...
No, I'm not doing it.
I was so drunk that clearly I just like, I didn't just suck in my gut. I stuck it out because I was like, hey girl, I'm drunk.
I had some Pandemonium of my own going on in the lower hemisphere, but whatever. It's done now.
Yeah. I broke my fan. That's all I said. Oh, I didn't realize this, but it also came out on iOS. Pandemonium did.
But it was published by Crystal Dynamics. There you go.
Pandemonium, also known as Magical Hoppers.
There it is, your classic game of the week. Pandemonium on the PlayStation 1, but as Dar Sakra mentioned, ports, lots of them.
We're going to take a quick break for now though, but don't go anywhere. There's plenty more of Orange Lounge Radio to come.
I failed on asking a Fugu question of the week again. God, I'm so sorry you guys, but I kind of did show roll at a way different time than I used to.
Why don't we just like ask a random question now for the folks in chat?
We could do that or we could open it up to ask Orange Lounge. But then again, last time we did that, we didn't get a lot of questions.
No, we didn't.
So maybe we will ask a question of chat. We'll think about it and let you guys know when we come back with part B.
And we will do that. But we will also take your calls at 1-877-GAMO-LR or our username on Skype, Orange Lounge Radio.
And of course, we are going to do your emails as well that you've sent to participate at OrangeLoungeRadio.com.
When we come back, right after this with more of Orange Lounge Radio.
Welcome back everybody to Orange Lounge Radio. Live tonight with our 644th episode for this June the 5th of 2016.
By the way, I did put out in chat, just so you know, there is a chat question of the week since I failed on getting a FUGL question up.
You should still follow us on Facebook and Google Plus just because we like friends.
So Facebook.com slash Orange Lounge Radio or Google.com slash Plus Orange Lounge Radio for you, you, Google faithful.
But we do have a chat question up. If you want to see it though, you need to be in our chat room, live.vognetwork.com.
And please read that carefully because I want you to private message those answers to me.
So while we are collecting those, we're going to get some rapid fire news.
I turn around. We have a little workstation. My workstation during the show is in the corner.
So I'm not always able to look directly at Dark Soccer and Loki because I'm sometimes fixated on chat.
But it's funny because I turn around from my corner and I see both Loki and Dark Soccer playing on their phones.
I'm not playing on my phone. I'm trying to get my text message forwarding set up.
I am playing on my phone.
It just looked like you were playing on your phone. It's just a funny thing to turn around and look.
Well, if you could put the phones down for a minute and we're going to do some rapid fire news.
Loki, starting us off.
Sure. If this will accommodate my catching the Raticate here.
I don't think you're supposed to be talking about that.
Whatever. No one's going to send a police after me or anything.
I don't give a shit.
Anyways, so last week we talked a little bit about what was coming to Xbox Live Marketplace for the month of June.
Now let's talk about PlayStation Plus.
We're getting NBA 2K16, which I really don't give a shit about because sports.
And then Gone Home, which is alright.
So those are going to be your free games on PlayStation 4.
PlayStation 3 is getting Echo Chrome and Siren the Blood Curse, episodes 1 through 12.
That's kind of cool.
And Vita, God of War Chains of Olympus, and Little Deviants.
And yeah. So pick those up starting May 7th.
Or I'm sorry, June 7th.
The May games are actually, tomorrow is going to be the last day to download the May stuff.
So make sure you mark it.
I'm running late.
I'll still put NBA 2K16 in my library because it's a free game.
And why not.
So Minecraft, it seems like each week they're catching up more and more with the Pocket Edition.
And Windows 10 version and all that.
Now this week they're going to be getting a brand new update.
Including pistons as well as, looks like, some other features.
Mainly the Redstone piston stuff was up there.
1.5 they called the friendly update.
And it includes like, let's see, pig riding, horse armor.
And yeah, the pistons are the main kind of draw there.
Gamers love their horse armor.
But yeah, it's kind of cool.
And I'm looking forward to checking that out on Windows 10 and the Android version as well.
Especially now that I have that VR version, so yeah.
Gotta check that out.
And then last but not least, Chrono Trigger.
Wants, you know, the director of the game, Takashi Takeda.
He wants the game remade.
You know what, I say if they're going to remake it, can we remake it like in the style of the actual drawn artwork?
Because that'd be pretty badass.
Could they remake it in five episodic statements like they're doing Final Fantasy VII remade?
Well if Square is going to...
The style of the artwork.
It was all Toriyama.
But now it could actually be all hand drawn.
It would have to be pixel art.
Well that's true, but I see what you mean.
But I mean, the pixels are still based off of the artwork too.
I would kind of rather see them do a sequel type of thing.
I mean yes, I know about Chrono Cross, but I kind of don't.
I don't know, I don't see that game as a sequel. I know not everybody agrees with me.
But I'd like to see them do something like more of a direct successor to Chrono Trigger.
But let me just hold my breath.
Except the whole thing is that Cross was the direct successor?
Yes, I know.
Because it had the characters returning for the...
But the gameplay was awful.
That's just my opinion.
Well this day and age I guess it's going to be called Chrono Triggered.
So it will be a whole different storyline along with that.
Moving right along.
Let's get into, hey Pokemon!
More information on Pokemon Sun and Moon.
So not only do we have the Treehouse event coming up,
but we also had some Pokemon announcements this week.
They did like another sort of direct thing, more like a Q&A type of thing this week.
And they actually showed some more information,
including some more information about the legendaries that are on the box art for Pokemon Sun and Pokemon Moon.
For example, Solgalo is the Pokemon from Pokemon Sun.
And I'm sorry if I mispronounced these things.
It is a Psychic or Steel type.
Not a Fire type.
Even though it is Pokemon Sun.
But okay, whatever.
And then Lunala is from Pokemon Moon.
And Lunala is a Psychic Ghost type.
There you go.
Also, more information about some of the gameplay mechanics itself,
including the fact that it will be on the Aloa region,
which is four tropical islands and an artificial island.
So a lot of people comparing it to Hawaii.
Usually the locations in the Pokemon games are inspired by something in the real world.
The professor, the topless professor in the game,
which is getting a lot of fan art.
I don't know if you've seen that,
but there's a lot of stuff on Twitter and Tumblr about Professor Kukui
is the Pokemon professor.
And there's also a girl who assists the professor named Lily.
There's also Hau, which is a boy with a big appetite
who is the same age as the player's character.
And then also the Pokedex is a little different now.
The Pokedex is a Pokemon, and it's Rotom.
It's a Rotom Pokedex, and it will do much more than simply record Pokemon.
There is a personality.
It will now show your current location and the next destination on the map,
on the second screen.
So that'll be kind of nice for those that lose their place in the Pokemon games.
So that's pretty cool.
Also, one other quick thing.
There's going to be a QR scanner,
and it will allow you to see information about Pokemon when you scan QR code patterns.
And you can register Pokemon of the Aloa region in their Pokedex
and figure out where they live by scanning in QR codes.
This sounds sort of like something they did in Yo-kai Watch,
although in Yo-kai Watch, when you scan a QR code, you got a little in-game bonus.
But I'm wondering if instead these QR codes that you scan in
are going to sort of help you find maybe some harder-to-find Pokemon in the game.
I'll be very curious about that.
We were talking a little earlier in the show about Splatoon.
Even though they said there was going to be no more major updates to Splatoon,
there still is updates happening.
In fact, one is scheduled to happen on June 8th,
including nine new weapons in the weapons shop.
Also, two new kinds of gear will be added also in the shop.
There are some adjustments to main weapons, sub-weapons, and abilities.
There's also going to be some stage adjustments.
For example, you will no longer be able to take some shortcuts in the Arowana Mall.
You also will not be able to take shortcuts in the Piranha Pit.
So they're just kind of tweaking some maps and so forth.
So there you go.
And then they also say, of course,
several enhancements to improve the user's experience and enjoyment.
The ever-so-vague reference there.
And lastly, from Nintendo, could there be more Mario Kart 8 DLC on the way?
This would be the type of thing that would be perfect to announce during Treehouse.
It's kind of a bit of a surprise.
Well, Nintendo of Europe actually tweeted out saying,
Good things come to those who wait. Hashtag MK8.
A lot of people are reading this to say,
could this mean that there's going to be more DLC for Mario Kart 8?
Finally, Mortal Kombat 8's going to be coming to the Wii U.
But there's a screenshot with it that is from a different Mario Kart game.
So is it maybe a virtual console thing?
Who knows?
But I don't think anybody would be too upset if they would put out some more maps,
maybe a few more characters.
Why not? Another reason to go visit Mario Kart 8 after all this time.
Why the heck not? I'm for it.
Dark Sakura!
Well, for folks in Tokyo, Sega is having a 25th anniversary Sonic celebration.
It's happening on June 25th, and you could possibly get into it.
It will also be streaming through different channels,
and will have some different developers there.
And yeah, you can play the new Sonic Boom, but no one cares.
And this is not replacing the event that's happening in San Diego on July 22nd here in the US.
And what Joyopolis is, is basically like an arcade theme park type place.
Next up, in more Sega news,
Wonder Boy the Dragon's Trap has been teased for a possible smartphone release.
It looks like it got teased by Dotemu, and also got another tag on there for Lizard Cube.
And it looks very strongly hinted. I think it's going to be on some mobile device.
But it could also possibly be on the 3DS or Wii U.
And that was the game that was the sequel to the first Wonder Boy game.
I think in the US we got it as Monster Boy, or one of them.
And also, and this is great, great, wonderful news,
is that Capcom has bound Noel Brown from the 2016 Pro Tour events,
and Evo supports them 100%.
If someone doesn't know what this complete waste of humanity did,
I'm sorry, I should be reporting the news. What this person allegedly did.
He basically was going around harassing both verbally and physically female attendees,
and he was caught on camera doing it.
I was going to say, was it? I mean, I know you're supposed to say allegedly,
but when it's right there on a live stream, it's...
So basically, he's a dumb shit and an asshole shit.
So I have no respect for any human being that does not respect the consent of another person.
So it's disgusting. He's disgusting.
So as a first defense, he is banned from the entire tour for this year,
and if it happens again, he will be banned for life.
And since this is the first time they've had to make a judgment like that,
they're holding this for everybody.
First offense, you're banned for the year. Second offense, you're banned forever.
So I like this statement.
We do not condone any acts of harassment, and we want all of our players and fans to know
we will continue to work to ensure that all Capcom Pro Tour events
provide safe, inviting environments where the focus is on healthy competition and exciting rivalries.
So, yeah. Gone.
Bye.
Yep. Oh, and one last thing is that EVO said that they'd completely stand behind Capcom's decision,
and he won't be allowed to attend EVO 2016.
So, he's not even gonna get lit in the building.
Well, let us move on to a much more pleasant topic,
and that is one where we get to interact with our listeners in a segment
we would usually do as the Fugu Question of the Week,
but because of my failure, it is the Chatters Question of the Week.
You know what, though? Hey, even though it's my failure and Facebook and Google lost out,
the chatters won, so, hey, things work out sometimes.
Anyway, we wanted to know of our chatters this week.
We asked, what is your favorite E3 memory?
Which, by the way, would have been the question I asked on Fugu if I hadn't remembered.
So, what is your favorite E3 memory?
And this could be a game that was announced, maybe a demo that you played during those years
where you could kind of beam the demos down or maybe you went to a Best Buy or something.
Maybe you got to go to the show and you have a memory being at the show itself.
So, let's see what our chatters thought.
Bobby Blackwolf starting us off with a message that says,
My first in 1997.
Well, you know what they say, you never forget your first.
I know my first E3 was a trip.
It was such a trip, and I'm sure my co-hosts feel very similar.
So, yeah, the first E3 is always kind of a big one.
Moving on to some other answers here from our chat room.
Dark Tetsuya says,
Back in E3 2014, I was watching the initial reveal of Zelda Wii U.
Enuma was talking about how the new game was going to work,
but then when he said,
And here's your first look at the world of the new Legend of Zelda,
and he snapped his fingers,
I screamed so loud it scared the other dogs in my mom's bedroom.
Good times.
Yes, I think we've all had that gasp moment.
Stopy says,
My favorite has to be The Last Guardian and Shenmue 3 announced.
I went into E3 last year so cocksure of myself
that we wouldn't hear a peep about either.
Then I tell you what, Alice bangs Zoom straight to the moon.
Yeah, nothing can come close to Sony 2015.
Yeah, that was a pretty big deal.
Act Def says,
My favorite E3 memory.
I can't recall a special one,
but one of the most recent ones
is probably when Mirror's Edge Catalyst was first announced.
I got really excited for there being a sequel
to one of my most favorite games of the last generations.
Vidpower says,
Memorable E3 moment.
Free Xboxes for everyone in the audience at E3 2010.
Lucky you.
Did you get one of those, Vidpower?
Lucky you.
Because I guess I was happy for the people in the audience.
Yeah, I was looking at the redesign.
But also a little bitter.
That's all right.
Anyway,
Reginator says,
My favorite E3 memory was watching coverage of it on G4.
Sigh, sniff.
And participating in E3 events via PlayStation Home.
Oh yeah, that was kind of a neat little thing they did.
Too bad they pulled the plug on that.
SSG100Matt says,
When Sony dropped the mic during their PlayStation 4 conference
by saying they would allow used games
and not require an always online connection.
That conference sent shockwaves around the industry
and actually caused Microsoft to reverse their Xbox One policies
a few days later.
That was pretty awesome.
I'm surprised we didn't get more answers so far that said that.
Because that really...
That was just like, damn.
That was a moment for the ages.
That was just...
That was a public beating is what that was.
And hey, the kind of moment that fanboys live for.
Orange Wright says,
I don't think anything can match
watching Konami's 2010 press conference for the first time.
Watching that best worst conference without knowing what to expect
left me bewildered the entire time.
Sony 2015's one-two punch of Last Guardian and Shenmue 3 is a close second.
Kind of makes you wonder.
Sony's raised their bar pretty stinkin' high.
Kind of wonder what they're going to show this year.
I mean, after what they've done the past couple years,
they're going to have to...
I don't know.
They're going to have to give free money to people or something.
We'll see.
Dungeon Buster says,
Best memory of E3?
Probably going to the first one and running into Howard Lincoln.
Like, almost literally running into him and the ring of cameras around him.
Thanks for the answers in chat, you guys.
Those are some really good answers.
How about you guys here in studio?
Your best E3 memory?
And that could be one you went to or one you...
I know we've all been to at least one.
But that could be one you went to or one you didn't go to.
I'll do mine because I kind of already told this story a couple weeks ago on the show,
so I'll keep it short.
But I think Will Wright actually doing the demo with Spore
was a very surreal moment for me as a gamer and a developer I really respect.
So, yeah, that's my personal favorite memory.
Dark Sakura?
Probably all the times I bumped into Kojima every year.
It just happened and he recognized me the third year.
I don't even know how it happened.
It was just like this fake magnet.
And then in the magical sound vibrating floor at the Xbox announcement.
No, I'm kidding.
It was really uncomfortable to sit on that diagonal floor.
I do remember that very first year getting to meet Akira Yamaoka.
And that was very, you know, we all love him because of Silent Hill
and the stuff he did for DDR and 2DX.
So getting to meet him was a huge highlight, too.
And I got my photo with Igarashi.
That was cool.
Loki, how about you?
I don't know.
I mean, I guess the PlayStation 4 thing was pretty awesome.
Even though I look back at it now, it wasn't as awesome as I think I originally thought it was.
Asking Jason Enos at the time about In the Groove was pretty funny.
Too bad we didn't get the recording of it.
Yeah, it was kind of my bad, but...
Whatever, it's fine.
His response was very politically correct, for the record.
Yeah. He's a cool guy.
I don't know. That's about it.
Yeah, I can't really think of anything too huge.
Some folks in chat are lighting up...
Oh yeah, that's right.
These are some great responses in chat.
S2100Matt says,
What about the ferret being put on the Katamari?
Dark Tetsuya says,
How about hashtag space ponchos?
Reijinator says,
Remember Sony's presser from E3 2006?
$599 US dollars.
$599 US dollars.
Reij Racer!
Attack the enemy crab. Historically accurate.
Stoppy says,
They can only top themselves one way.
PlayStation 4 now plays everything PlayStation.
PS1, 2, 3, and 4.
I kind of don't think that'll happen.
And Vita. Why not do Vita?
I kind of don't think that'll happen, Stoppy,
but if it does, I'll do a YouTube reaction video of myself crying.
How's that?
That'd be awesome.
At least PlayStation 1. I mean, come on, man.
Like, the PSP plays PlayStation 1 games.
That console is more powerful than the PSP.
Yeah.
No YouTube if it's just PS1.
I'll maybe shed a single tear if it's PS1,
but it has to be all of that.
Because I have a lot of PlayStation 1 games,
or even PlayStation 2 games,
like, I had purchased, like, you know,
Katamari and also Twisted Metal Black,
and I saw that Twisted Metal Black's on sale again
for the PlayStation 4 for $5.
I'm like, eh, it's only $5. I'm like, fuck that.
No, I already bought it once. I am not paying for this again.
Granted, it was only a dollar that I paid for it originally.
I still won't pay them for it again.
Not necessarily directly related to the show itself,
but I just, I have to throw this out there as a favorite memory,
and it's kind of a throwback to our old home and our old network,
but, and I think it was the last year all three of us all got to go,
and that was the Paris Hilton year E3, right?
2006, the year of the Wii.
That was when we did the All Games thing in Santa Monica.
Remember, we were at the hotel, like, right down the street from that?
That wasn't the last year I was able to go.
Was it?
Oh, you went one of the years I didn't go.
You went after the Santa Monica years one more time,
because you went as a distributor.
Yeah, I went 2009.
But I think it was the last year all three of us went.
Yeah, maybe.
And they were, I feel like they were broadcasting the entire time
from that arena lounge, and they had their own little mini event
going on there, and it was just a lot of fun,
because we were with other indie podcasters,
kind of like our little niche audience, and that was a lot of fun,
and I do remember the whole time thinking,
boy, somebody spent a lot of money on this,
but thank you, thank you.
That was probably some of the most fun I've ever had at E3,
like, outside the show itself, so it was a great, great experience, so.
All right, any other moments to share before we move on
with the rest of our show?
Okay, then let's get into some more news.
Loki.
All right, this is pretty awesome, as I kind of alluded to before.
The console mods that were promised, you know, last,
was it last year during E3, for Fallout 4, finally are coming out.
So May, the end of May, they launched for Xbox One,
and were very popular.
In fact, they've received 50 times more traffic
than when it launched on the PC.
And it's pretty awesome, you can actually go to,
they have a special website that you go to for these,
and then you can basically tag which ones you want,
and then you go to your game, and there they are.
So there's quite a few mods that are available now,
and I think it's going to be launching for PlayStation 4
at the end of this month, so.
Very much looking forward to that, that is pretty awesome,
and something that they've been trying to do for,
they said for 15 years now, so.
I can't wait to see, especially with this,
and then, let's assume that they're doing a new,
like, Elder Scrolls game, that would be pretty awesome as well.
All right, well, as spoiled by Loki earlier on the show,
but no, I know you guys, you guys read blogs and Twitter,
so I'm sure you guys have already seen,
there is a new Metal Gear Solid 3 that was announced by Konami,
but it is a pachinko machine.
Oh my god, all those things we said, please don't, please stop.
Konami, don't, like the slow motion stone.
No.
Here it is.
Yep, Metal Gear Solid 3 Snake Eater is now a pachinko machine.
It will feature-
Oh, I need her.
It will-
It's not just snakes anymore.
Rob literally cannot right now.
Next story.
Kidding.
I don't know why that's so funny, because it's so stupid.
Yeah, I guess it would be Ball Eater, yeah.
Ball Eater.
I expect nothing less from Loki on this program anymore.
Coin Eater.
Yeah, they should just play that song, you know.
Characters from Snake Eater, including the pain, the end, the fear, and the fury,
which are emotions you're all feeling after hearing this announcement, I'm sure.
So there you go.
You can also check out the trailer if you want,
but you're probably just going to be really upset.
Metal Gear Solid 3 Snake Eater pachinko comes out in the fall in Japan.
Oh, I'm totally looking forward to not ever playing that, because it's in Japan.
And not even round one's going to import it.
At least not the one here.
I didn't see any pachinko machines at the round one I went to in San Jose.
I don't know if the one in SoCal, like if they bring in that kind of stuff.
I didn't see any of that up here.
But you know what?
If I'm going to do something Konami, it's going to be those music games
that were actually pretty cool that I did get to play in San Jose.
So as much as we love to have a hate circle jerk for Konami,
and we all do on the internet right now, and with damn good reason,
at least there's some cool stuff.
I never thought I'd be saying this in 2016,
but at least there's some cool stuff happening in the Bomani world.
At least there's that, if nothing else.
All right.
Moving on, Dark Sakura.
Well, it's not exactly video game related, except it's Pokmon.
So that's why I did it.
But there was, it's nice to hear stories about good cops, you know.
So this kid, nine year old kid named Bryce,
he was walking along with his Pokmon collection,
and some kid just stole it out from under him and ran off with it.
What a dick.
What a dick.
Who would steal a kid's binder full of Pokmon cards
that he's been collecting since he was six?
I'm really sorry about it, and it's a really big misunderstanding.
No.
I'm kidding, I'm kidding.
So anyway, they called the police,
and the police did actually catch the kid,
and gave Bryce back his binder, but it was missing some cards out of it.
So what this guy did is he donated his Pokmon card collection
from when he was a kid.
And a lot of Japanese cards actually,
including like this Mew card that there's like one of ten of in the world.
And so, hey, I guess there are some good cops out there, right?
So that's it.
All right.
Yay.
Pokmon.
Saving the day.
He won't care in five years.
Yeah, you never know.
The story might make him care a little more.
The story might make him care.
To register participation for this week's episode of Orange Andraday with vognetwork.com,
use the passphrase, surprise.
All right.
Okumojp in our chat over at live.vognetwork.com says,
Pokey cops.
And Kaijudo says in chat,
Did the police catch them all?
Yes, they caught him all.
All right.
And his prison sentence evolved into six more years.
All right, moving on.
Loki.
So, Vin Vindy has finished its hostile takeover of Gameloft.
And according with that, they sent a letter to all of the employees,
basically telling them,
Hey, you work for us now.
So that's kind of interesting.
And, of course, none of the higher-ups want them to take over the company.
And it's just, I guess that's why it's a hostile takeover.
Along with that, though, of course, it's suggested, I guess, that the CEO is considering resigning as well.
Basically, I guess it was saying that, yeah, the CEO, Michael Gilmont, is likely to resign.
The family will likely consolidate its efforts on protecting Ubisoft from Vindy now.
So, yeah, that kind of sucks.
But, oh well, we're going to have to see what happens with Ubisoft now.
Very interesting.
Do you think E3 will get any type of, I mean, I guess it's not really the place for it.
It's not really the place, yeah, for it.
And it's kind of hard because there's not a lot that they can do.
What they're doing is it's not like they're, you know, they're buying the shares from third parties.
So people that already have shares in the company, they're basically buying them from them.
And so that's how they kind of get around it.
But, yeah, it's kind of hard when your company is being told, you know, being run by somebody else.
And, yes, Vindy did such a bang-up job with Activision.
So, eh, we'll see.
All right.
Well, this is a very interesting throwback, one that seems a little archaic to me.
But they're talking about that could the password, remember when video games had passwords?
Like the Guardian legend, right?
TGL, Kid Icarus, right?
Icarus fights Medusa angels, wasn't that it?
Terror, danger, horror.
Yeah, Metroid, Justin Bailey, right?
We all know these codes.
So password, but usually the passwords were not so easy.
Like it was just like...
Narpus sword.
Is that a zero or an O?
Or you filled out a grid, you had to have draft paper if you were playing Mega Man.
So could passwords be making a comeback in Dragon Quest XI?
I kind of think we the internet are reading too much into this, but I'm going to say it anyway.
Yuji Ohori actually said that passwords could make a return in the next installment of Dragon Quest.
He said he's looking forward to bringing back the spell of restoration in Dragon Quest XI.
That's the password system that was found in previous games.
The password system will allow you to resume your game and obviously we have regular saving now.
Now, I hear something like that and I kind of go,
I don't know about that because people aren't going to want to write down passwords.
But, here's what people do nowadays.
What if the game gave you, this is what it would do, it would give you a QR code.
And you could take a picture of the QR code and then you could take that anywhere.
Although I guess now that I think about it...
Fuck them!
The game can't really scan QR codes.
There's a reason why we don't use the password system anymore.
It's because we have fucking saves.
And also because there's more data to save as well that with a password system you can't really do that.
So, why? Why are you making it so fucking annoying to save my game?
Just save my fucking game.
My thought is maybe, and Dartisious says I agree with Rob, that's what they're probably going to do.
I don't think the passwords are being used the way we're jumping to conclusions here.
Yeah, it's probably going to be, woohoo, you unlocked costumes, woohoo, it's items.
Yeah, you put in a password, you get a free item, you get a bonus, a costume, a monster, you know, something.
That's probably what it's going to be.
I think if you're thinking you've got to get out the notebook to write down your complicated passwords, I really don't think that's going to happen.
Yeah, just save. Why are you doing this?
So, there you go. Bobby Blackwolf says, why can't we just pay 99 cents to get them unlocked?
Why do you need a password for it? Well, maybe you'll have to pay to get the password.
Maybe only subscribers to Square Enix's newsletter will get the password.
Well, they're only getting that payment once because once they have the password, it's going up on the fucking internet.
Alright, we'll see what comes of it. I don't know, that story, I'm like, is that a translation error?
But I don't know, everybody's running with it anyway, so we'll see, but I kind of think people are reading too much into it.
Let's get to something we love to read too much into, our emails.
Every week, you guys email us, participate at orangeloungeradio.com, and we read some of our favorites here on the show.
Sorry, I love these comments in chat.
Ragenator says, the password is Ermagerd.
Ermagerd.
Just a reminder, if you haven't noticed from listening to this show before, somewhere in the show, there is a password.
We use passwords at VoG, because there's actually a game going on, and you can actually put in a password, and you get points.
And what do you do at points? You collect them, like they're Pokemon. Why? Because that's the game.
It makes you feel better about yourself.
That's right.
In some intangible way.
So listen for the password in the show, unless you're listening live.
If you're listening live, you just go to live.vognore.com, you just check right in, you get the exact same reward.
Sorry, you can't double dip. You can't listen live, and, well you can, but you won't get anything extra.
Besides a pat on the ass and a job well done.
Alright, anyway, let's get to, speaking of a pat on the ass and a job well done.
Our one email.
Let's get to our emails for this week. One email.
Hello from the Lone Star State. Hold on. Hello from the Lone Star State.
That's Texas, right?
Hello from the Lone Star State.
That's Texas, right?
I've been a new silent listener for about two months.
Answer my goddamn question. It's Texas, right?
No shit.
Alright, well then I have to say this. You have to prove that you're from Texas. You ready?
The stars at night shine big and bright, deep in the heart of Texas.
And if you didn't finish that, then I don't believe this email. Alright, go ahead.
I've been a listener for about two months, and it actually says, I've been.
Alright.
No, no. I'm just saying, because that's how we talk in this album.
I guess I do believe you. Alright, move on.
I've been a new silent listener for about two months, and the show you have is just great.
Oh, please use punctuation though. I really would appreciate it.
I listen to this show normally the day after, and it's just great to listen to during work to get my mind out of work.
I've been dying to listen live, but I just seem to remember after Game of Thrones is over.
Goddamn that show.
Chair of Swords. And man, I beat myself up afterwards.
But anywho, my point is, it's an awesome show, and good job to you all.
I'm sorry, it's really difficult to read without punctuation, sorry.
You know what, give the guy a break. He probably typed it on his cell phone.
I almost, you know what, mine actually puts in punctuation.
I remember punctuation, usually.
I remember the Alamo.
I almost feel like I'm in the studio, haha.
This comes from Spokesman101.
PS, look into text alerts.
I never thought of that.
Okay, here's the thing with text alerts. I don't use any of them, because I kind of find them to be annoying.
I hate them.
Okay, but if people are going to request them...
We've had one request.
Alright, is that a thing people want? How much does that cost to do?
I don't know, but I think they're annoying as fuck.
But if somebody wants them, I'll annoy you if you want.
Bother, bother, bother, bother, bother, bother, bother, bother, bother.
You know what, I'll text you.
I like the part where he stops moving.
I'm going to just text you at 2 in the morning.
You have a text from Orange Lounge Radio.
Bother, bother, bother, bother, bother, bother, bother.
And then you'll get a text at like 4, 12 in the morning.
Don't put me in charge of this shit.
The stars at night, right?
Now, here's the thing. Here's what I would do.
And I think this would be a great idea.
And I'm volunteering Bobby, because I don't know anything about this stuff.
But someday, we've talked about this for a while.
Lessons in telephony.
Having a VoG app.
And the VoG app could do the push notification that would bother you if you enable it.
Because, you know, you can turn that on or off.
And then VoG would remind you,
Yo, fuck Game of Thrones tonight.
Bobby and OLR are on.
And everybody going to die. That's what happens on Game of Thrones every week.
Don't bother with the chair of swords. We're more comfortable.
That's what happens on Game of Thrones every week.
Everybody going to die.
And something about doors. I don't know.
Or we could push a message earlier in the day saying,
Hey, just a courtesy announcement.
Game of Thrones is on all the piracy websites.
So go watch it now so you're available for OLR tonight.
That's something else we could do.
Hold the door for a moment. We got an announcement.
DVR.
You can stay off of Facebook for however long it takes for you to get caught up on chair of swords.
And then bam, you got us.
Bobby is pointing out, create a text alert in your Twitter app for the VoG network account.
It tweets whenever a show goes live.
Well, there you go. I guess that's true. I forgot.
I forgot we have that nice little convenient thing built in there.
Thank you for the lovely letter.
Yes.
I totally heard it in my head in my accent, which doesn't really come out that often unless it has an E2.
But it would greatly, greatly look into actually using punctuation.
No, I'm going to say I'm going to explain something.
I have a very difficult time reading something that does not have punctuation.
To show me where a sentence ends, because it will just sound stupid when I read it out loud.
Because I just can't not read it the way it's written, you know.
So put in a mark where the end of your sentences are and I won't be confused.
Before everything went online, I used to grade papers, so I'm used to it.
Yeah, but people should know how to, you know.
But we're very, very thankful for the email, especially for the new listener.
Thank you.
Don't ruin the moment.
I'm not trying to ruin it. It just really does make it difficult to read aloud. That's all.
All right.
Let's, well, thank you. If you want to send an email, participate at orangeloundtrader.com is the place to send that.
And while you're using the at and the dot, don't forget to use them elsewhere.
Right, Darsyra?
Yes.
I made a point. I made a point.
You didn't let me answer.
Oh.
Yes, God.
All right, let's move on. What an appropriate time to get into the FUs of the week.
FU to not being paid for doing nothing and for me for not writing my book.
I'm going to write my book. It'll be written. You'll see.
I'm going to comb that thing with a fine tooth comb for all your punctuation.
Girl.
Do you want to know how many times any of those papers I wrote in high school and college had punctuation errors?
The only time were when I'm not the one that wrote them.
Like when other people are doing typing for me.
Write your book already. You've been talking about for 10 years.
I know you just get a hold of it before it's published.
I don't want to kill the poor girl.
Act up. You shut your form out.
I love this. No, we have to read. You don't just response.
Respond to people in chat without reading it. Act up.
Says Dark Soccer's book will be done with Loki's.
Loki's game is done. I love it.
She's got time then.
No, seriously.
Are you done?
No.
FU to people who say that I can't get my book done.
I will write it out of spite.
It'll be called a tale of spite.
We're just motivating you.
Well, I'm not motivated by spite. So there you go.
And also FU to having to still not have any caffeine.
Because now in another half a week I have to give up my coffee altogether. No decaf.
And my throat still hurts. It still hurts to talk.
I have a voice. But it doesn't mean it doesn't hurt.
So I have to make it to the end of the month.
All the saints in heaven help me.
If they exist. They're dead anyway.
But may their memory help me.
I will remember.
And I will persevere.
Are you alright? Are you finished?
I'm having a moment. Okay, I'm done.
I'm also reading about funeral homes.
Loki.
Yeah, I guess I have FU to myself for not working on my game.
A lot of... I... I don't know.
I keep having the excuse that I'm tired.
And it is the case because I'm literally falling asleep as I'm at my computer.
And the last few nights it's been like, okay, I can play Final Fantasy XI.
Or I can work on my game.
And I'm just tired. Like, I'm tired as it is.
I really want to try.
And I start trying to work on just research and stuff that I want to do for that.
And then I'm just fucking tired. I'm like, fuck it.
I'm just going to play Final Fantasy XI because it requires no brainpower whatsoever.
And so I do.
And that's been the problem with...
Not necessarily Final Fantasy XI, but just like...
Okay, I can work on my game. I'm going to go on YouTube and research some stuff I want to find out about voxel engines.
Because that's my main thing is I've been trying to...
I've been stuck trying to find a way to optimize my voxel engine.
Because they have solutions that people have voxel engines all throughout Unity and stuff that people have made.
But it doesn't...
It's not optimized enough for what I want to do.
And so I'm trying to figure out how...
Now I'm probably going to research how Minecraft does it.
I think it has to do with how they load their chunks and everything.
And that's kind of...
And really this is all just for the editor. It has nothing to do with the actual game.
Because the game is just going to be all...
It's all pre-done. It's just...
You know, I need...
The editor for everything needs to have voxels.
So whatever.
So FU to myself for that.
And also FU for the weather being so damn hot.
Thankfully now I have air conditioning.
My FU of the Week also goes to just the hot weather.
My god, it just makes me want to do nothing but be indoors all day long.
Although that's not such a bad thing.
But I do have to be outdoorsy once in a while.
Once in a while.
I mean, where else am I going to find Pokmon?
So there you go.
Allegedly.
Alright.
That's it for the FUs of the Week.
Let's move on.
Just a couple more stories for you guys.
Then we're going to open up the Skype line.
Yippee!
1877 GameOLR.
But our username on Skype, OrangeLoungeRadio.
All one word.
Loki.
Yes.
So, to be honest, I don't know how this is going to be possible.
But apparently there is a Star Wars Battlefront 3 fan game that's coming to Steam.
And not only is it coming to Steam, not like through Greenlight or anything, it's being
published by Valve.
This story is a lie.
Valve doesn't do anything involving the number 3.
Come on.
Exactly.
I think that's right.
They said, you know what?
People have been fucking saying, you know, publish something with the number 3 in it.
Done.
I just, I fail to see and they keep, I mean, they're saying that, you know, Valve is definitely,
they're confident that there's not going to be like a cease and desist on this.
But how?
I just don't see how that's going to happen.
I don't know how they're going to do that.
Is it completely a mod?
It's a fan game.
So it's, I guess, I don't know if it's based off of what they had like previously done,
because I know there was kind of a leaked, you know, Battlefront 3 that was done in Unity
that was partially, I mean, partially completed.
I don't know if that's going to be what they're doing now, but I don't know.
I don't know how it's going to be accomplished, especially with, granted they're not calling
it Star Wars, but it is Star Wars and it has all the Star Wars things in it.
So, I mean, I just don't know how that's.
When you say it has the Star Wars things in it though.
Like the Star Wars, like the AT, the AT-ATs and the characters, like the droids, they're,
they're just there.
They're like, it's, it's, it's definitely that.
I mean, it's not like, I don't even know how it's going to be possible.
That's the thing.
I don't know how they're going to manage to pull this off, but I guess they're confident
it's going to be something that they can't fight.
And then their, their defense is like, well, so far no one's, you know, done a cease and
desist for anything.
Because they're waiting for you to make money off it.
But they're not making any money.
It's going to be free.
So it is something that is putting out for free.
It's from Frontwire called Galaxy in Turmoil.
Bobby's figured it all out in chat over at live.vognetwork.com.
Bobby Blackwolf says it's Frog Fractions 2.
That's it.
That's what happened.
So laugh.
It would be so awesome if that was it.
That's that is my, that's my favorite E3 announcement by the way.
It would be the biggest troll ever.
What?
It's Half Life 3.
Or it's just Frog Fractions 3.
There never was a Frog Fractions 2 or the Frog Fractions 2 was the buildup for Frog
Fractions 3.
But I was going to say my favorite E3 announcement is when they finally told us where the fuck
we can play Frog Fractions 2.
It's just, it hasn't happened yet, but I'm hoping for this year, Frog Fractions 2.
I'm hoping for Gabe to actually come out on stage and say, I'm sorry, I'm not here to
talk about Half Life, but I got Frog Fractions 2 y'all, deuces!
And then drop some mic.
He just, he can't get anywhere near a stage because people are like panting, heavy breathing,
breathing intensifies.
You know, it's just like nothing.
Our expectations are way too high.
Gabe is not allowed to touch a stage cause it's just going to be a disappointment no
matter what.
No matter what, it's going to be a disappointment because he didn't do it unless he's backed
by a full choir.
Oh my God.
Can you imagine just like, just the ridiculousness.
So I mean, since this is a, you know, our dream scenario here and everything, they give
back like the, the full like Gaben meme thing, you know, where it's fucking, you know, just
like, you know, the whole background and everything and just, you know, then eventually the mics
drop in from the ceiling and the choir, it's all of that.
Everything.
It'll be the greatest show on earth.
It will be.
Have a circus while we're at it.
Why not?
All right.
Akuma JP wants to point out, it is 2016, June 6th here.
If you cut it in half, you get three, therefore it's time to announce Half Life 3.
You know, it sounds to me, Akuma, that you're doing fractions.
And if you divide by three, you get frog fractions too.
I'm just saying, I'm just saying, hey, someday, someday now, you know what, I know we made
a decision to not do E3 this year, but now I'm a little disappointed after something
I heard about what's going to be shown at E3 this year.
And that is, there's actually going to be a company showing some games at E3 this year.
Naughty America will be attending the E3 Expo in LA, and they are going to be demoing and
showcasing the latest in adult VR content.
That's right.
Naughty America has been on the forefront of technological advancements from HD to 4K
and now VR adoption as the first major adult studio to produce VR content.
By the way, reps will be on hand to discuss the expanding role that immersive, mortal
content, mortal, Mortal Kombat.
That's not the game I want to play in this experience.
Reps will be there to discuss the expanding role that immersive mobile content plays in
adult entertainment, how gamers utilize VR headsets for adult content and explain the
technological horizon.
It's going to be like that scene in the freaking lawnmower, man.
But this goes to show that VR will survive.
Of course.
I've already, I mean, you've already tried it out.
I mean, so this is like an actual thing.
And I mean, what was it?
They've been doing this already, like a lot of different sites.
How nice of Naughty America to claim that they're the first, which is not fucking true
at all.
But whatever.
I mean, who gives a shit?
I mean, there's a lot of different content providers now, and I guess they're the most
name brand worthy of it.
But yeah, it's pretty much everywhere.
I'm mobile since it's basically just a video with head tracking.
Now this article that I'm looking at on this website, VG247.com, which I do like this website
by the way, I'm going to be a little critical here in a minute, but I do really enjoy this
website, just to be clear, actually asks, does VR porn have a place at E3, a show that
is primarily about the video game and interactive entertainment business?
Oh, these kids today.
Oh, these kids doing their reporting today.
They seem to have forgotten about Kensha Hall back in the day.
And I think some things that actually, I don't, the one that comes to mind, do you guys remember
Feel 3, I think was the name of the game.
It wasn't even in Kensha Hall, if I remember right.
Yeah.
Yeah.
It was like, it was like, it was like the second life thing that was all adult.
That shit was at E3.
So does VR porn have a place at E3?
Yes.
It's not out of character for E3.
It's not Game Expo, it's interactive entertainment.
That's right.
And porn is very entertaining.
RageNator in chat in response to my word mix up there says, kind of gives new meaning to
finish him.
I will be leaving the chat room for the night.
Goodbye.
Just kidding.
I will be opening up the Skype line, however, 1-877-GAME-OLR or our username on Skype, orangeloungeradio,
all one word.
Give us a call on Skype to talk about anything we've talked about so far on the show tonight
or porn, if you want, I guess.
Hey, if you got a modern heads, if you got a modern phone in Google Cardboard, you might
as well give it a try.
They have VR trailers you can check out.
There you go.
So you can get an idea.
For what it is, it's pretty impressive.
Experience it first hand or with both hands, whatever you're into.
Hey, but we're getting a call.
Let's get to it.
Hi, on Orange Lounge Radio.
Who's this?
Uh, hi.
It's YYR.
I feel like I just saw you.
I'm sorry, what?
I said, I feel like I just saw you.
Oh, yeah.
You know what?
I can't even believe that it was only a week ago.
It like doesn't make sense to me at all.
You know what?
I can't believe this bullshit that Skype is trying to show me an ad right now.
God, I thought you were going to say you couldn't believe it's not butter.
Well thank you, Bing.
I know, right?
Anyway, how do I ad block on Skype?
Alright, anyway.
What's in your mind tonight, my friend?
Well you know, really, one reason I called was just to say I just want to thank you guys
again for allowing me the opportunity to be on the lovely program.
I want to thank you and curse you simultaneously for introducing me to donut muffins.
Although I guess your wife plays a role in that, so you can shift that to her if you
want.
Oh, they're wonderful, but you know this.
But yeah, if anyone wants to taste this wonder and greatness, it's Devil's Teeth Baking
Company in the outer sunset neighborhood of San Francisco.
Hey, they didn't pay for that ad.
But yeah, and I've been hard at work on multitasking, plane flights are wonderful.
I actually just added a tournament mode to the game yesterday.
It basically gives any number of players you designate the same sequence, so everybody
can play the same thing and see who's best.
And supposedly, they're going to be running a midnight tournament of this game as long
as they can get it to work.
I'm sending them a build, I'm not going to be there.
If anyone is going to be at the Anime Next convention in Atlantic City, New Jersey next
weekend, I have some friends of mine, longtime friends, who are helping to run the game room
there, and well, they asked me if they could run a midnight tournament on it, so hopefully
that will be there Saturday night.
The cast of Anime Jam Sessions got to be represented there.
I can't imagine they're not there at that con.
Fantastic.
And there was one other thing I wanted to thank you for, Rob.
Well here's the thing.
I was thinking about it for days before I appeared on the show last week.
I have been playing a lot of video games over the last 30 plus years.
Lots of different genres, they can't be compared to each other, and I just wanted to thank
you for not asking me that question that you often ask of guests in the studio.
What's your favorite video game ever made?
Yeah, that one.
Well now that you bring it up, I didn't ask him because usually I do that.
I ask that question for people that are new to the show, but I didn't really consider
YYR new to the show.
So just amongst all his appearance of appearances over the years, I've just never gotten around
asking YYR that question.
Or I just assume it's DDR, BeatMania, I don't know.
So anyway, there you go.
He hung up and dodged the question.
Wow, I didn't get to figure out what else he was going to say.
Alright, whatever.
1877 Game OLR or a username on Skype, Orange Lounge Radio if you want to give us a call.
Any last minute stories to report on LOKI or Darksharkar if anybody has a last minute
story?
No.
I was going to say the Tamps Offs Senran Kagura and Oni Chambara are now on Steam.
Oh really?
So you can pick up Oni Chambara Z2 Chaos and Senran Kagura Shinobi Versus.
I'm going to have to check those out.
I'm going to get right on that.
Just think of all the nudie mods those are going to get.
Will they import into GOG?
Lots of nudie mods.
I guess not.
Alright.
Let's move on.
Take another call.
Hi, you're on Orange Lounge Radio.
Who's this?
Hey.
This is Ragingator.
Hey Ragingator.
What's on your mind?
Two quick questions.
Well, the first one is well, a little long winded but I'll try to keep it short and
free if possible.
Hey Ragingator, do you need any help finding mortgage rates?
Your local mortgage rates?
Oh god, no.
Because Skype seems to think we do.
I'm just saying.
What the fuck is this?
Fuck these ads.
Alright, anyway.
Go ahead.
Now, you guys were mentioning that the whole GOG Connect earlier in the show, in fact,
Kazen was telling me about that a couple days ago.
Now Mike, my question for you regarding that is do you know if there's like a set schedule
or like set rate where they'll be introducing new gains for GOG Connect like let's say
for a second conversation, let's say it's going to be two gains per week or something
like that?
Eh, I don't know if they'll do it on a weekly basis but maybe a monthly basis but realistically
it's as fast as they can get the agreement signed with publishers and if you want that
to happen more often, I think you really have to kind of, you know, and I don't know how
I feel about this whole like social buzz or whatever but the reality is that's the
day and age we live in, I think if there's a lot of very positive buzz around this feature
out there, more people will want to get in on that.
Oh, that's the thing that people like.
Oh, the internet will say good things about us if we get in on that.
It's going to encourage more publishers to put their older games in on this.
So that's really what it comes down to, Rage Nator.
It's as fast as they can sign the agreements but I think people need to be prepared for
the fact that, you know, this feature might be around for fifty games or so and then it
mysteriously disappears.
Not saying those games are going to disappear from your library but then suddenly people
get really quiet about it.
You have to be prepared for that end game too.
Yeah, well I hope that's not the case.
Hopefully I'll stick around for a while and they continue to support it but you never
know.
Well, I mean, on the bright side, for what it's worth, I guess not really the bright
side but for what it's worth, it would be no different than what we had last week.
If it were to go away.
We'd just be back to where we were last week, right?
Yeah, true.
Well, now, moving forward, a few more second questions so you can take in more calls.
Yep.
Now, with E3 being next week, is there anything that you're possibly looking forward to or
hoping that would occur, at least, not so much in terms of console space but in terms
of possible announcements with PC gaming?
Now, we're not talking about, you know, the very unlikely, like, FY3 being out so, I mean,
come on.
It's just not going to happen but anything that would be realistic.
Well, RageNator, you couldn't have asked this question in a better year because I have the
easiest answer I've ever been able to give for this question and the answer is everything
regarding Civilization VI because we know that's a thing that's happening and I fully
expect that we're going to get the details at E3 and I'm all over that.
I'm very, very...and that's not something we're going to see on console, at least I
don't think it would be something...I can't see how they would make it on consoles.
I guess anything is possible but I'm not expecting that.
I'm expecting that to be a very PC-centric thing.
So yeah, Civilization VI, that's my easy answer but truth.
Oh, cool.
Yeah, yeah.
In fact, honestly, I really haven't played a whole lot of the older games especially
as of late now because I've got a lot of games to play but, you know, at least C4 and C5
are pretty fun.
Yeah, they're a little bit of a complicated side but still fun nonetheless so...
Alright, well, I'll let you go so you can take more calls but thanks for taking my call.
You got it, buddy.
Have a good one.
Thanks for calling.
See you next time.
Alright, bye-bye.
Bye.
Our username on Skype, OrangeLoungeRadio, all one word but we have another call already
coming in so let's get to it.
Hi, you're on OrangeLoungeRadio.
Who's this?
Hey, what's up?
This is Kajudo.
Hey, what's on your mind, Kajudo?
Nothing much.
I just want to ask you, can you honestly say that you think Overwatch has legs?
I mean, think about it.
It doesn't have any private servers, right?
Right.
Also, you can mod the game because Blizzard won't allow you to mod it.
It's on PlayStation 4 and Xbox One but we all know that if your first person shooter
is in Call of Duty, it's gonna die on those systems because that's what happens to every
first person shooter that ends up on those systems and it doesn't have cross-platform
play so I think people are gonna get tired of this game really fast.
I mean, they're gonna probably have to pop up these new characters and new maps on a
week-by-week basis if they want to keep this thing going.
90% of everything you just said also applies to Diablo 3, which is still going strong on
PC.
No, actually not really because Diablo 3 has a single player.
One thing I forgot to mention is this is all online.
They have that tutorial or whatever in Overwatch or whatever it is and you can play bots but
that's still not considered single player to me.
I mean, Diablo you can play pretty much by yourself.
Have you ever been to Blizzcon?
No, I don't go to any of those things.
And see, I kind of think you're underestimating in some ways the power of Blizzard.
And I'm serious.
If you look at some of these people that are playing Overwatch now, it's a lot of the same
people that support World of Warcraft and Heroes of the Storm and Hearthstone.
Why can't I even think of the name of that game at the moment?
Anyway, these games have a very, very, very loyal audience and I defer to the fact that
those tickets sell out within seconds and that wow being the fact that in my opinion
Jamie would disagree but in my opinion World of Warcraft is not the best MMO on the block
anymore yet it is still the most popular and by far Blizzard still has legions and legions
of fans behind it that are going to play a game like Overwatch simply because it's Blizzard
and Blizzard does what?
They make games extremely accessible.
This is their first person shooter.
You're talking about an MMO.
You're talking about whatever the heck Diablo is.
I don't even know what you can consider that game.
This is a totally different ball game for them and I mean when you think about PC players
I mean the main reason why Team Fortress 2 is still around and Counter-Strike, the reason
why those games are still around is because people have their own servers, they put their
mods on there and that's what keeps those types of games running.
I can't picture a first person shooter running that long without those things especially
on the PC.
I mean they could probably get away with it on like a PS4 or Xbox One because they don't
do that anyway but no way they can get away with that on a PC.
Blizzard.
There's just no way.
Blizzard also has two other games which is Hearthstone a card game and Heroes of the Storm
which is a MOBA game and that is literally all of Blizzard's titles.
So far they're batting at 100.
But those are still different from a first person shooter.
First person shooter is a totally different ball game.
I understand that but now Blizzard's throwing their wiener into the first person shooter
game and I think it's...
And their wiener is going to get chopped off by December.
I'm going to ask you one more question.
Have you played Overwatch?
Yes, I played the beta and I hated it.
What did you hate about it?
I hated the fact that there wasn't many maps.
There wasn't much you can do.
There weren't that many game modes.
Also another thing that I hated was I love to play like the stealth class and I know
they had that ninja guy but he seemed like a waste to me.
I mean he basically did pretty much everything that all the other characters did.
His weapon, his ninja stars pretty much sucked.
I mean you couldn't do much with them.
I mean the only character that I had fun with was the other girl that can like create ice
walls.
I was having fun with that.
I mean I lost interest really quickly and I have a couple of friends who also played
it and they lost interest and they were like well I might pick it up on the PC just because
it's 40 bucks on the PC.
But they were like no I'm not getting this on the PS4 because they know the community
is going to pretty much die out on the PS4 even though it says again it there.
So if you really want to play it your best bet is the PC and I don't know how long it's
going to last there.
I'm going to leave you with two more thoughts.
One at least you played it and I'll give you credit for that.
I mean even though yes it was a beta I'll admit not a lot changed from beta to release
so I'll give you at least credit that you at least tried it when you're making these
statements.
And you know sometimes things are not going to be for everybody and that's just the way
it's going to be.
But B one thing I think that Overwatch will have going for it and we'll see in a year
you know I mean who knows maybe it won't be still a thing in a year.
But I think one thing that Blizzard is going to show from their track record is that will
there be an expansion at some point to Overwatch probably but that'll be a good three to four
years down the line and in the meantime the game is going to be supported.
And again I'm just going off track record I've got nothing else but you know what's
happened with Diablo what's happened with Warcraft and all their other games is that
Blizzard is is pretty darn good about doing regular patches and content updates.
That is not something that happens in a lot of the console first person shooters today
because things like the call of duties and the battlefronts they get a refresh every
year even destiny had an expansion that you had to buy after a year.
I don't see that happening with Overwatch.
I could end up being wrong they might do an expansion in a year but again if track record
is anything go off of I think Blizzard is going to support the base game a lot.
They're going to take that more Nintendo approach Mario Kart 8 style where they're still supporting
it three years down the line but we'll see.
One other thing I just want to point out about Overwatch is you were mentioning about them
keeping up with updates and all that type of stuff they're going to have to ease up
with their with their ban hammer.
So far they've been ban hammering people for the right reasons I mean they have people
cheating you don't want to cheat online you know like I never condone that but Blizzard
is really known for just like I don't know we're banning somebody who did they weren't
cheating or they might have did something that I don't know appeared to be cheating
and they're really quick to ban somebody so if they want this game to stay alive chill
out with the ban hammer and make sure that you know someone's cheating before you ban
them.
Yeah.
All right well thank you for your input I appreciate it.
Have a good day Judo.
See ya.
Okay so there you go the show where every gamer has a voice you know what I know some
of you guys in chat or you know but not every game is for everybody and some people aren't
going to necessarily like a particular game I know there's been very popular video games
that I don't always necessarily like in fact I wasn't sure I was going to like Overwatch
you guys might remember and I've been critical of some elements of Overwatch that there's
no single player mode in this other stuff and I'm still I'm still kinda wishing it was
there but so far in my experiences with Overwatch I've had a lot of fun and I suppose at the
end of the day that is what it's all about but I get it is a valid concern will I still
be having fun in December but I'm just really hoping with Blizzard's track record I do so
anyway 1-877-GAMO-LR username on Skype orange lounge radio all one word if you want to give
us a call.
Tigerclaw in chat says you know Blizzard fans are pretty hardcore and the Warcraft movie
comes out in five days if the fans don't end up liking that movie you know Blizzard
is going to face a lot of heat because Blizzard was involved in the making of that movie.
Yeah I bet the gals from Girls Gone Wow I saw them posting on Facebook that they were
going to go see it so I'm almost positive if they taped a new show today which they
probably did I'm pretty sure we'll hear about that because remember in the UK the movie's
already out so I'm sure we'll hear about that come Wednesday when their show airs here on
the voice of geeks network but bummer because the time difference but I would love to pick
their brain a little bit about this whole Overwatch thing I'm curious if they have jumped
in and tried it at length or what have you because that would be a great example of you
know players that don't necessarily play a lot of other games are they coming over to
this simply because Blizzard's name is on it.
Alright one last call for calls 1-877-GAMO-LR or username on Skype orange lounge radio
all one word checking in one more time for last minute stories if you have any no running
out alright just a quick teaser for next week while we give it just a few more seconds here
to see if any other calls come in I do want to mention again next week's show for you
podcast folk it'll be a little bit shorter that's because live we're going to be experiencing
the Blizzard the Bethesda press conference live essentially so we'll be taking an extended
break next week while we all listen in on the Bethesda press conference and then we'll
come back and give our immediate reactions to what's going on and so forth we'll also
be talking about EA and we're going to have plenty of other predictions as well and then
after E3 is all said and done the weekend after what we have June 18th and 19th so what
the 19th I think is that show we're going to be joined in studio here by Misty long
time OLR fan going to be here on June 19th that's her second or third trip on the show
so she'll be here on that day joining us for some E3 reactions and follow-ups and then
we're going to go I mean this is a big month because we roll right from June 19th into
the next show June 26th with it which is a double event it is my birthday my actual birthday
is June 26th and the 14th anniversary of OLR our 14th anniversary episode holy goodness is
on the 26th of June so we have a pretty full month this month 14 years we've been doing this
dark soccer I don't it blows my mind it really does I can't believe it so anyhow all right it
looks like the phones have died down for the night so if you think of anything after the fact you can
always email us participate at orange lounge radio.com is the place to send your emails act
deft and chat over at live dot vog network comm says can't wait for 2017 and the OLR quesadilla
I really hope we get to do that for you guys I would love nothing more than to have a full
on quesadilla here at Orange launch radio for our 15 year I didn't even know they were a thing
until I moved to California I can't wait yeah we're gonna see I I think if we can get to 15
years which I don't see why we wouldn't at this point but you know you never know but if we can
get to 15 years I think it's just high time we just put the money in rent a space so rent a
ballroom at a motel somewhere around here and just say if you want to be there live just be here we
move our show for the night to a live space and just invite any fucking person that wants to cut
well within reason we don't want like you know trolls showing up but you know maybe they have
to maybe have to answer a few simple questions about OLR to get through the door but we'll invite
whoever to show up and we're just gonna have a big fucking party for our quesadilla it'll it'll
finally be that convention you all been looking forward to and I have a pretty dress if you want
can I have a pretty dress I'll dress you as Frida Kahlo okay that means I get to give you like a
unibrow and you can be an artistic lady see Bobby Blackwell says I'm flying in for the 15th you
should why is Bobby welcome say they don't want me showing up of course we want you sure I think
that's a lot of money to spend on a three-hour show but shit I'd love to have you here Bobby
I'll be a lot of fun so yep anyway that's a year off we still have a 14 year look forward to which
is just really crazy I can't think of any other podcasts or internet shows that celebrate 14
years it's pretty crap maybe there's somebody else out there but I just don't know of any
especially not in gaming so and we wouldn't be able to do it if it wasn't for you guys and your
support of the show week in and week out we really appreciate you guys thank you so much for your
support of Orange Lounge Radio you know all we say here at Orange Lounge Radio is if you enjoyed
what you heard please tell a friend or two about the show help spread the word because we are the
only show where every gamer has a voice but we can't use those voices unless you lend them to us
so please tell a friend or five about the show you can also leave us a five-star review wherever
you found this show such as on iTunes podcast also now we are available in the Google Play Store on
Google podcast if in case you weren't aware so there's no excuse you no matter what phone you're
on you should be able to get this show somehow do the windows phones have a podcast thing they've
got to windows got to have a thing too I have a phone some people have windows phones you know
yes and those people will soon be getting new phones I'm kidding I'm kidding all right uh that's
gonna do it though for another week here at Orange Lounge Radio thanks again for listening
everybody before we close the books on the show we got to go around and get everybody's final
thought for the night um I will start my final thought for the night is I want dessert I haven't
even really had dinner yeah well I'm well this whole weekend has been my cheat weekend so let's
just go get Chinese food fuck it I have to wait and see what boyfriend's plan is Alan you want
Chinese food too he signed out of chat so he might be on the way home he has the car I'm in
the driveway isn't oh that's all right he'll park next to you isn't that weird though that after
like all these years of OLR Alan has the car tonight doesn't usually happen all right Loki
your final thought tonight uh I'll try to work on my game this week I always think about my
game so it's mentally being worked on it's not physically being worked on I see there's a big
difference Loki and last but not least dark soccer your final thought tonight damn it why
did you mention sweet cold creamy treats I didn't I just said dessert you made the rest of it up
let's go get Cheesecake Factory all right thank you guys so much for listening tonight also I'm
mad cuz Becky's at Disneyland and I'm not oh I'd be mad too I'm mad that Becky she took Julianne
for his birthday oh that's really nice by the way I just got a text from Alan I'm not in chat but I
hear you talking about me what is it you'll just have to listen on the podcast have a good night
everybody who will see you in seven days with a special e3 edition of orange lounge radio good
night you've been listening to orange lounge radio orange lounge radio is a production of
olr studios to join us for a live show tune into fog network calm Sunday nights at 6 p.m. Pacific
9 p.m. Eastern the views and opinions expressed in this program do not necessarily reflect those
of the staff of orange lounge radio or fog network but you know they were all still true
see you next week
you
