Orange, Lounge, Radio
Here's your hosts, DarkSakura, Skie, and Loki!
Tonight, another E3 is behind us, and from Scorpio to God of War, and Breath of the Wild to Mobile Pokemon, there's a lot to discuss this week on the show where every gamer has a voice.
Orange, Lounge, Radio
Hello my friends out there on the internet, and welcome back to another week of the show where every gamer has a voice. It is Orange, Lounge, Radio, live tonight with episode number 646.
It's the same forwards and backwards for this June the 19th, 2016. This is the show after E3.
We're going to talk about video games, gaming culture, and the gamer lifestyle, probably a lot of the stuff that happened this week, because it's kind of a big week for games.
My name is Rob Roberts, based out of lovely Studio N7 here in Sacramento, California. You can follow me on Twitter, at Skie, S-K-I-E, and joining me, as always, my amazing co-hosts.
Say hello over there to this lovely lady who I went on a hot date with the other night. It's DarkSakura, Jamie Summers.
Hey.
Hey, hot date, because it's hot in Sacramento. It's always hot here.
It is.
So DarkSakura and I went and saw the Warcraft movie, which is actually kind of noteworthy because I never go to movies anymore, but Jamie was like, Rob, movie. Rob, movie.
He was like, no one wants to see Warcraft with me. Rob was like, I'll go.
Yeah, I'll go because Alan usually works weeknights, so we went.
We had a fun time.
Yeah, I got to say, you know, because we're going to get into a lot of E3 news tonight, and I know Warcraft is so last week, now that Finding Dory's out.
But I actually, like, the movie was better than I thought it would be, honestly.
It was really good if you know the lore.
Yeah, if you're a gamer. I would say even if you're at least a gamer and can kind of understand video game logic a little bit.
Here's your quest. Go to Dalaran. Here's your quest. Go back to here.
They definitely made a movie for Warcraft fans, which is why it's tanking in the US.
They changed some very important things in the first war.
I'm okay with the little changes. Things are going to happen for the movie's sake.
Well, plus, like, Garona in the movie was half orc, half human, and she's not that in the game.
But when the first game came out, she thought she was half orc, half human.
Spoiler alert. Well, the games are how old at this point.
Well, yeah, and it turns out she's half draenei instead.
And we'll join the movie!
Yeah, for like two seconds.
Well, yeah, and then they... I'm sorry.
They were in the movie.
They'll be in the sequel, you know it.
I was just surprised there were no night elves. I mean, they were kind of there.
They had high elves.
They had high elves.
But Alan was like, well, they didn't go to the other continent.
But there were some fan service-y things I was hoping to see that I didn't see.
But honestly, I'm nitpicking. Overall, I had a good time.
It was a fun popcorn flick.
What, a game that takes a couple weeks to play?
Yeah.
Into a couple hours.
If you're interested in Warcraft, I really think the movie is worth seeing. It really wasn't bad.
And even though, yes, I know I said it's tanking in the US, apparently it's doing phenomenal overseas, especially China, which is very interesting.
Because, you know, there's a lot of people in China, so if they're making a movie that's doing well over there,
perhaps we could see a sequel that is more Chinese-funded and possibly even directed, made, who knows? We'll see.
But I know the maker of the movie, Duncan Jones, said he wanted to do the Lich King story, which I would be all about that.
I would totally be down for that. That would be tremendous. Especially if we get crazy-ass Sylvanas.
That would make me extra happy.
That would be great. So, anyway, there you go. There's our hyper-review of Warcraft from our hot date on Thursday night.
Also say hello over there. Sadly, turn down our hot date, but that's okay. Say hello to Techmaster Loki.
I don't believe I was ever asked to go on the hot date.
You weren't!
You wouldn't have gone. I think we just knew you wouldn't go.
It's a weeknight, and you have the parental duties and all that, and B, it's Warcraft. You don't care about Warcraft.
See? See, I know Loki. I know Loki.
How are you otherwise, though? How was your week?
Eh, it was alright.
Happy Father's Day to you and, of course, all our daddy gamers that are out there listening,
including father figures, fathers of pets, mothers who also have to be fathers, all that stuff. Hope everybody's having a good day.
Are you having a good Father's Day?
Man, it's alright.
Yeah, it's okay. Does it suck?
Nah, I wouldn't go that far.
Start off with being woken up by a child who wanted to immediately sip, you know, where I was laying. I was like, ugh.
I'm like, get up, daddy! Get up! I'm like, no!
And then it's like, ah, the fridge is leaking. And I'm like, ugh.
And then...
Isn't this the one day a year when you're supposed to be allowed to sleep in?
It's like, I wanna go get shoes.
And then we had to go to the Palladio and I had to watch the kids while she picked out two pairs of shoes and some boutique.
Did you get shoes?
No, I didn't get fucking shoes.
That's not fair.
I didn't get shit. And then, I mean, I guess we went to Red Robin and she paid for lunch.
But technically my burger is free because I am one of those Red Robin royalty members so my burger was comped because I just happened to be on the tenth burger.
Okay, but Red Robin is like on the Loki list of fine dining restaurants.
It happened to be convenient nearby and it had something the kids would...
Like, she was like saying, well, if I was to pick a restaurant, I'd probably go to Land Ocean.
I'm like, can you imagine our kids at fucking Land Ocean, which is like, it's a seafood, surf and turf, like, restaurant thing.
It's like, you know, much higher end, way more...
Take them to Flame and Fire.
I'm like, no, that's not gonna fucking happen. We'll just go to Red Robin because they can get fucking grilled cheese there and that's it.
That's why I picked that restaurant, it's for the kids.
Alright.
And then I went to Random Restaurant for dinner, which, eh, I don't know.
They didn't speak English. Half of my dinner is, I don't know, some garbage.
And then the other half is actual edible, so...
I tried to warn you that, well, I warned you after you already went there.
That was in hindsight.
Yeah, I didn't have the greatest experience when I went there either, but anyway.
Well, I hope they're doing something nice for you for when you get home.
But anyhow, let's say hello as well.
We have a special guest in the studio joining us tonight, coming from a long way away to be on our show this week.
Say hello, everybody, to Misty.
Hello.
Hi, Misty. Long time OLR listener and fan.
I feel weird calling you a fan because, you know, we know each other well enough now, we're just friends.
But, you know, that's, I guess, how we got to know each other as you were listening to the show.
How long have you been listening to OLR?
2004.
Is your mic on, hun?
Make sure the switch is on over there on that mic.
Because for some reason we're not picking you up, but maybe we just don't have the, try again there.
How long have you been listening to OLR?
Technical difficulties, everybody.
She doesn't do the radio stuff very often.
So, actually, there is no switch on this mic.
Did the damn thing just cut out?
All right, well, that's what happens with live radio, is it?
Sometimes you have to switch things on the fly.
I have a backup mic.
I might. Thankfully, when the video game bang guys were here, we had to hook up like six mics.
So, we're good now. Try that one, Misty. How long have you been listening to OLR?
April 2004.
What the hell? That one's not picking her. Oh, because that one is still muted.
Okay, try one more time, please.
April 2004.
Thank God, there she is. There you go.
And still listening today, and here she is live.
You're a big music game fan, right?
Of course.
As part of your adventure out here to the West Coast, you went to round one in San Jose yesterday, right?
That's right. How'd that go?
Not bad. I mainly stuck to the Supernova 2 machine, but I did play some Crossbeats.
I sucked as much as usual at 2DX.
Gotcha. So, you got to play a little bit of this and a little bit of that.
Did you see all those zillions of crane machines that they had?
I know you're a big fan of Pikachu. Did they have Pikachu in some of the crane games?
Not that I recall seeing. I remember seeing Mario and Luigi, the little ones in one of them.
Oh God, those things are cute. I did see those.
Awesome. Well, I'm glad you could be here tonight, especially the week before our big 14th birthday, if you can believe it.
Would you buy us for our birthday?
I'm just kidding. I'm just putting it on the spot.
I was going to mention, there was one more thing I just remembered.
Yeah.
My dad had called me for Father's Day. He wanted to plan something, so we're not actually doing Father's Day this weekend.
We're doing Father's Day July 2nd, but he's like, it's a surprise. I'm not going to tell you what it is until later.
And then a couple days later, he told me, he's like, okay, so we're going to go to this place and race exotic sports cars.
So that's pretty awesome. So we're going to be taking, I would give a choice of like a Lamborghini or like, I remember the other, like some other kind of car.
I just saw Lamborghini. I was like, okay, cool.
That'll be fun.
And racing it around track.
You know, actually that made me think of the show yesterday, Misty and I were on a trip and as we were coming home, I was trying to point out to her, I was like, oh, look, look, look over there on the side of the road.
That's the indoor skiving place. That's the place I was talking about on OLR.
Misty was like, what place? I don't think I heard that episode.
You're just not caught up on the backlog yet.
Well to be fair, it was last week's show. You were mentioning it, right?
Oh, was it last week's show? Maybe. I don't know.
Keep in mind, approximately the time the show was starting, that's when I was heading out to St. Louis on the train.
Gotcha. Nowhere. I'm just giving you crap. It's quite all right.
Whenever I hear from people that are like, hey, glad to hear you're doing well. You know, I haven't listened to the show in a long time.
I'm like, it's okay. I don't like take it personally. It's a big commitment to be here for a few hours.
But we appreciate the commitment of those of you that are here for the show.
Those of you, especially live in our chat room over at live.vognetwork.com, because we do tape live every Sunday night at the Voice Geeks Network.
vognetwork.com, 6 o'clock Pacific and 9 o'clock Eastern, right after the Bobby Black Wolf show.
Some people making fun of the microphone issues that we were having a moment ago.
Stoppy in chat saying, this is false advertising. I thought every gamer has a voice here.
Look, sometimes it just takes a minute to get it all wired up.
Every gamer does have a voice. Just some of those voices can't be picked up by the microphone.
Exactly. That's exactly right. Some of them are broken due to technical difficulties. Would you expect anything less here on OLR?
And I also admit I'm not, I'm the only one that does not have a laptop in this room. How many people are all OMG-ed when she's here?
Wait a minute, wait a minute. I don't have a laptop either. I have a desktop.
Well, you have a computer screen, period.
I'm not, I got to admit, I'm not seeing a lot of stuff. I did, I do see SSG100Matt saying, confirmed, Misty carries an EMP device that kills mics on the fly.
So you're just being accused of causing the problems in chat.
I ride trains. I can't afford that stuff.
Plus you, you were here on the 10th anniversary episode. Is that the last time? That was the last time you were here, right?
Yes. 10th anniversary episode. This was a while ago. I don't, don't you like Studio N7? Isn't this a nice upgrade from where we were at before?
It is. Yes. It's very lovely.
Let's see. Also in chat over at live.vognetwork.com, SSG100Matt mentioning Loki's Father's Day should be like the God of War trailer, except they're hunting bacon.
I might want to hunt something. Just go to the store and buy it.
His mouth is full of meat, which is like a radio sin as he's trying to talk, defending the bacon thing.
All right. Anyway, uh, Misty, did you, did you get, I know you were on your way out here, but did you have time to get caught up in all the E3 hype or, or do you, I kind of get the sense you don't necessarily have to play the latest and greatest video games to be the gaming enthusiast you are.
You kind of have your own, like either, you know, games that are a couple of years old, like Pokemons or whatever that you're into.
I saw you yesterday while we were coming back. You were, you were rocking the Pokemon yellow.
And I was like, all right, this is old school. I liked it. I like it.
Well, I do have the, the Pikachu 3DS with the Pikachu theme. So I was like, complete the trifecta and get yellow.
You need a Pikachu invention is what you need over there, an intervention. That's okay. So what kind of games do you usually play like these days? Do you, do you tend to, do you play any of the latest and greatest stuff or do you more like to play the classics?
More classic stuff.
Yeah. Yeah. As, as an example, some of the time while I was on the train, I've got my uncle ditched a Vista era laptop on me, so I've got the step mania 3.9 running on it.
There you go. Now I know you love your music games because not only did you have to go all the way to round one, but here you are rocking step mania on the train. What is your favorite music game of all time?
I would say, I would say DDR if I had to pick a specific mix fifth because that was my new mix.
Okay. All right. You know what? Hey, this show would not exist if it wasn't for DDR cause that's how Dark Soccer Loki and I all met as I'm sure many of you know. So I'm very thankful to that.
What's your favorite DDR song ever? You can only pick one. If you say two, I will turn off that mic permanently.
I can't, I can't really choose. I am a labor after all.
Fine. Try. What's the first one that comes to your head?
I'm putting her on the spot people.
Let them move.
Yeah. Silence means let them move. Love this feeling.
If I have to say something, I would say, probably say before you.
Okay. That's a very good choice. Oh, that's a good, that's a classic. That's good. I kind of thought, I kind of thought you were going to say, you're not here because I always see you play in the Makiri Al Moka stuff on the supernova, but that's all right.
That's all right. Good pick. B4U is a classic. I think Dark Soccer, one of her favorites ever is Brilliant 2U Orchestra.
Yeah. So, and they're not too dissimilar, those songs. So a lot of rooted in the same stuff. So awesome.
All right. Well, Misty, I know you're going to sit in tonight's show. And, uh, even though I know you're more of a classic gamer, I'm sure you're keeping up and up on what's going on with the current stuff as we get into E3.
So feel free to, uh, lend your voice to the conversation. I promise chatters, I'm not going to cut her off tonight.
Yeah. And you guys in our chat over at live.fognetwork.com where Bobby Black Wolf is yelling, just say butterfly.
Oh, hell no.
She's like, please, I have taste. All right. Anyway, uh, let's, and Stoppy says, I like that one DDR song that's all electronic and it plays really fast and it has a techno beat to it.
Oh yeah. Candy. Clearly is that that's the one he's talking about. Right. All right. Let's get into E3 this week. So there was a lot of news that came out of E3.
Let's start kind of at the top of the show this week, talking a little bit about probably what were the big two that we were looking forward to going into the week, Sony and Microsoft.
Yes. I'm leaving Nintendo out in a moment. We'll get to them later.
What about Ubisoft?
Well, I figure a lot of those games kind of show up at Sony or Nintendo, or we'll get to them in the show later as well. We have a lot of those coming up.
We need to talk about how terrible the show was. Like seriously, it's like, they thought it was a good idea to do some stupid Just Dance number with giraffes and fucking, I don't know what it was.
And then, oh, by the way, a moment of silence for those people that died in Orlando. It's like, it was just such a weird juxtaposition. I mean, it's just like, before the dance number?
It was one of the more awkward tributes.
It's like out of all of them. It's like, oh, hey, by the way.
You know what though? You know what though? And I said my piece on that whole thing last week, so I'm going to try to not go back to a bad place with that.
But I was very moved with how much of an outpouring of support there was at E3 for, you know, what happened at Pulse Nightclub and, you know, the pain that the LGBT is feeling as a result of that and so forth.
It was kind of surreal to see things like Miyamoto wearing a rainbow ribbon and to hear Sony on stage at their press conference acknowledge our thoughts are with the LGBT community.
It just kind of, I don't know, I just felt very like, wow, that was really great to just have that acknowledged. It really does mean a lot.
Ubisoft kind of had the tackiest one of the bunch, but I'm happy they acknowledged it at all, for what it's worth.
Sure.
So, anyway, so is that all you want to razz Ubisoft on was just dancing?
No, I've got lots more, but we'll go move on to the other ones.
Alright, can we talk about then kind of the big gaming console conferences? Again, I'll get to Nintendo later, but they didn't have a conference. They did a different thing.
So let's talk, and they kind of talked about one thing and a few other things.
So let's talk about Microsoft, I guess, was up first. And so Microsoft, what? They had a variety.
They came out and announced, hey, there's a new console coming out that you totally didn't know about because all the information leaked out, like, way before that.
But it's the Xbox One S. It is 40% slimmer. It's got up to a two terabyte hard drive, and it's available in August for $299. I think we're at least starting at $299.
And go buy it now until we give you a few more reasons not to buy it because that's coming up later in the show.
Yeah, it's called the Xbox One S because if you only give one shit about gaming, this is the console you're going to get.
But if you give two shits about gaming, boy, hold on to your butts because in 2017 we've got Project Scorpio on the way.
That was, I got to admit, that was a little weird to me. Like, I'm not trying to, like, there was a lot of stuff I liked about Microsoft conference.
That was weird to me that they're going to try to sell this Xbox One when they're saying an even better console is on the way.
But here's the thing, though. It's like, okay, let's pretend here. The games that they showed right now, which are running on that hardware, I'm assuming, look fine.
Why do I need to upgrade the hardware? They didn't give me a reason for it. They didn't say anything other than it's going to be more powerful.
Okay? What are you going to do with it? Are you going to be able to do 4K on everything? We're going to try.
Yeah, it's like, because...
But Loki, teraflops.
Yeah.
I just like saying that word. Dark Soccer, don't you like saying that word? Teraflops.
Not as much as I like Nagahide.
It's like a cross between terrible and a flop, so...
But Jamie, the Xbox Scorpio is going to have six teraflops of power.
It doesn't mean anything. That literally means fucking nothing. I mean, you can throw specs out all you want.
But here's the thing. Even when they're talking about cards, I want to say that they're similar to GTX 980 or something like that.
And those can't even run 4K at 60 frames per second for a lot of things. What makes them think that this is going to be able to do that?
Do you know what a flop is?
Yes, a teraflop is memory bandwidth.
A flop is a floating point operation.
Right. I know what a flop is, Dark Soccer. I host one every Sunday night.
No, that's a train wreck.
That's insulting to real train wrecks.
Witness a train wreck.
Let's see.
What about the whole... Okay, teraflops aside and the whole new console.
Again, as much as we're having a laugh here, I do enjoy my Xbox One. There were some games I'm really jazzed about.
Forza Horizon 3. Thank you very much.
Yeah, Forza Horizon 3 looks nice.
Love it. Love that series. What about the whole emphasis on the Windows 10, Windows Play Anywhere stuff?
They're really trying to get you to buy a Windows 10 PC.
Well, didn't Microsoft kind of already shove one down your throat if you have a Windows 7 or 8 PC?
Well, I have a Windows 10 laptop, but I can't run any of that shit.
If you don't upgrade, I'm going to kill you.
I can't run any of those.
I mean, that's cool, I guess, that you'll be able to play cross-platform with those games.
And they'll be available on both PC and their Xbox One and Windows 10 exclusive.
That was so fucking annoying, the entire thing. It's like, who gives a shit?
It's Windows 10 exclusive for a little bit, by the way. It's not a permanent exclusive.
It's exclusive for a little bit of time, and then it's going to go on the Steam.
So, I don't know, it means really nothing to me, but it's nice, I guess, at least when you buy it on one, you get it on the other.
All right, let me mention some other kind of cool things, just because I don't want to get branded a hater, just because I'm picking on a few things here.
But there are some other awesome things.
Dead Rising 4. Hello. Frank West is back. I feel a lot better about what I'm seeing with Dead Rising 4 than I did with 3.
That's true, yes.
So, I mean, it kind of feels like maybe the fact that they're putting Frank West in it is a little bit of the whole, let's go back to our roots type of thing, what made this series really fun.
So, that's encouraging, I think. So, I'm excited for Dead Rising 4.
Yeah, it looks good.
Let's see, also, hey, they mentioned Tekken 7. I didn't catch if it was some type of Microsoft exclusive or anything, but they did shine a light on Tekken 7 as part of their conference that it will be out on Xbox One in early 2017.
Dark Sakura, I know you like your Tekken. Is it enough to get you to get an Xbox One?
No.
I think it'll be on PlayStation 4 as well.
It probably will at some point, but, so I was just curious why they mentioned it at Microsoft's conference unless they have some type of...
I don't remember what it was, if they had anything for them.
Let's see, also Halo Wars...
Oh no, they were giving out Tekken Tag 2 for free.
Ah, that was the backwards compatibility thing.
Yeah.
Let's see, Halo Wars 2 was kind of their other big thing, and they mentioned that's coming February 21st.
Not my type of game. I used to like RTS games, but I'm just not that excited about it.
I never really played the first one.
I know people that were really into the first game, so I'm very happy for them, but yeah, for myself, it was not really a title for me to get excited about.
Like Loki, I was hoping for some more glimpses of Crackdown, which didn't seem materialized.
Yeah, no glimpses of Crackdown, but hey, that's because they're working on it, so whatever.
It's probably not going to be out this year, unfortunately, so 2017, yay.
Interesting thought from Oculus Man in our chat room over at live.vognetwork.com, who said they mentioned it, meaning Tekken, at their conference because they couldn't mention Street Fighter.
Interesting theory. Get people hyped about a different fighting game. Very interesting theory like that.
Well, they have, you know, killer instinct, so...
That is true, Season 3 and all that.
Alright, so that was...
Which they announced was, I mean, they showed Gears of War 4, and then they mentioned that, oh hey, there's going to be a character from Gears of War that's going to be in Killer Instinct.
You know, alien thing.
Which they've kind of done for some other, like, cross-promotion stuff. They've put a character in, so that's neat.
Yeah, I like Killer Instinct. It's a fun fighting game, so we'll see.
Let's move on and talk a little bit about Sony and Sony's press conference. What did you think of Sony overall?
Loki?
It was alright, but even last year, there were a lot of trailers for things that I don't know when they're going to come out, and I don't think a lot of those are going to come out this year.
And that's the thing.
I think hardly any of them are coming out this year.
At least we know that The Last Guardian has a date now, because everyone's getting kind of pissed off about that at this point, because it's been several years.
But there's a lot of things that they're showing that, who knows when those are coming out?
Well, not to play the I Told You So card, but I'm going to wallow in this for a minute, is that I did mention on last week's show, Sony has kept making promises, and I fully expect they need to, or else they're going to get accused of that again, is that they only ever show stuff and they never effing deliver.
So I said, if they don't date one of these games that they've been teasing us with for a while for this holiday, like, Sony has to put something out this holiday.
And I said it would be The Last Guardian, and sure enough, ta-da!
So, but, I mean, you know.
I mean, the games look good, like Horizon Zero Dawn looks nice, God of War looks great.
Which also, to be fair, Horizon Zero Dawn, at least, they also dated for early next year.
Yeah, it is, what, February?
Yeah, it'll be out by the time the next E3 rolls around, so that was kind of a bonus, in my opinion.
And then they had some zombie game, which was at the, I'm trying to remember what it was called now.
The Days Gone?
Days Gone, yeah, that looked alright.
Okay, now, here's the thing that I have to be a little bit critical of Sony about, because as much as I did really like their conference, and they are getting really good at E3.
Like, I would say they've been good at E3 for the past, ever since they punched Microsoft in the face live on stage, they've been delivering very, very, very solid E3s.
But the one thing I do have to razz them for a little bit that I don't understand, why did they show the Days Gone thing early in the show, and then they closed with the gameplay?
That felt really anti-climatic, and it felt like a substitute.
And I know there's a lot of talk about, well, Rob, you can't sub things at the last minute because these things take weeks of planning and dah, dah, dah, dah.
And I'm like, any party planner always has a plan B for when something goes wrong.
I feel like that was plan B.
You know what could have been a nice tail end to that? A good old-fashioned announcement from Rockstar Games.
Of Red Dead Redemption 2, which everyone was expecting, and that does seem like the perfect thing that could have capped off Sony's conference.
Yet, not only was it not at Sony's conference, it was not at E3 at all, which is kind of one of the surprising misfires in the prediction world.
Yeah, and then they showed off Call of Duty Infinite Warfare, which, here's the thing that's kind of funny about it.
Like, watching the gameplay footage, I didn't know what game it was until the very end. I'm like, that was Call of Duty?
I mean, because it just didn't, it's so out there now, it's just hardly recognizable.
Yeah, well, and Bobby was getting into this a little bit on his show because he mentioned that he was really into it and then kind of felt a little bit dirty when he realized it was a Call of Duty game.
And I have to admit, I have a lot of those same feelings, is that I was like, I was like, you know, at first I was kind of into it.
I was like, oh, is this like a, I mean, I know it's not Mass Effect, but it's kind of like a, is it trying to go over the same audience?
Like, what is this? And I was like, oh, maybe it's a little too shooty for me. I don't know if I'd be into this.
But I'm like, but it kind of looks really cool. I bet there's gonna be a big new IP. And then it was Call of Duty! And I was like, oh my God!
I was disappointed they didn't really announce anything about, like, backwards compatibility or anything like that. It's just like nothing.
Yeah, that was, that was a surprise to be missing was, well, and the fact that the Vita is just been written off completely at this point.
I mean, we kind of all knew it was coming, but there's people clinging to their Vitas, like, you know, no, I will love my Vita forever! Give me something!
Literally nothing from Sony on the Vita. So that end of things is a little disappointing. But I do overall think they built a lot of great hype into their press conference.
I mean, the Hideo Kojima thing, which, although you have to admit was totally expected, I did not expect that they would already have, like, a trailer type of thing.
Which is like, what the fuck is this?
Which is, which is great. It gets people talking. I mean, what is up with the pregnant man Norman Rita's thing? I don't know, but okay, whatever.
Norman Fetus, as everybody keeps making the joke.
Well, and the fact that he was showing us all of the game's assets at that press conference, that's for sure.
But yeah, well, Shane and I were watching the Sony conference together when the Hideo Kojima thing started, and then it was Norman Rita's.
We were sitting there going, oh shit, Guillermo del Toro's name is going to come up. Oh shit, this is going to be the fucking sucker punch that gets everybody just like Final Fantasy VII and...
Well, actually, to go back with that, you know, real quick, let's take a step back with kind of surprises like that, because there was a lot of things.
Like, first of all, Call of Duty, there was a game that looked, oh shit, this looks like P.T.
Yes! And then what the fuck, it's Resident Evil!
Okay, that was a huge win in my opinion. Did you see that Dark Soccer, the Resident Evil 7?
I saw some of it.
Oh my god. Yeah, when the thing was playing, we were like, oh, this is Sony's answer to P.T.
I saw the house.
Yeah, I was definitely like, okay, this is a P.T. thing, this is what it is.
Well, remember on the show a couple weeks ago, we had stories about that some of the producers from P.T. went over to Capcom to work on Resident Evil,
and now it's one of those things in retrospect, now that you've seen the trailer, you're like, wow, that should have been fucking obvious, we should have seen that coming.
But there it is, Resident Evil 7.
Way to fill the gap in the market. Bravo.
Well, and then the fact that they said it was VR on top of that, I was, yeah, that was actually probably one of the biggest highlights of E3, in my opinion,
was being like really fucking interested in a Resident Evil game again. I can't remember the last time I could say that.
And Resident Evil Biohazard, nonetheless. And in Japan, it's called Biohazard Resident Evil.
So, finally they're bridging these fucking names together, which is nice, so maybe in the future we won't have this difference anymore.
I still think Biohazard is a better name overall.
I like Biohazard is the name, too, but I like that the game is going to have both titles here, so that's pretty cool.
I did not check out the demo yet, though. I would be doing a disservice to my friends if I played it without them here to see me screaming,
so I'm sitting on it for a little bit before I play it. So, did you check out the demo yet?
No, I didn't download the demo. One of the things I, well, I'll get to in my gaming week, I guess.
There was some stuff that I did download that, you know, was like, hey, it's available now. So, I did that.
No, I didn't download that one. I was looking for it, but they didn't have it up when I was checking, so I just didn't download it.
Yeah, it took a while to come up that night. Like, I swear I didn't go up until 1 AM, but I just ended up grabbing it the next day, whatever.
Oh, so anyway, I want to mention, I didn't finish my thought on the Guillermo del Toro thing during the Death, what is Death Stranding?
Is that the name of the game? What a fucking Kojima name.
Clearly, Sony handed Kojima a blank check and just said, just do it, buddy. Whatever you want. Do it, buddy. We don't care.
You're Team Sony now. Like, make everybody cry. Just do it.
So, and it was worthy of, in my opinion, what should have been the actual closing of Sony's show and not the plan B.
Yeah, that would have been the fantastic way to close it.
That was in the middle of the show? And they had something bigger for the closing? What the hell was it?
That's what I thought. I was like, oh my God, this is going to be like, this closing is going to fucking kill us, like whatever it is.
And then it just was kind of, oh, we're going to just do some more.
And it's another No Man's Sky trailer that no one gives a shit about at this point.
Hey, you know what? Props to Sony for not even mentioning that game's name on the stage.
It's coming in like two months, so that's fine.
And don't get me wrong. I have it preordered. I will be playing it. I'm excited to play it. But like, it was time to not talk about that game.
So, I was very happy for that. So, in my opinion, Sony was mostly a win.
It wasn't quite like out of the park, smashing a window in the parking lot like it was last year, but it was pretty good.
They still did a pretty darn good job, I thought. The Kojima thing and the Resident Evil thing, they have a lot of, the God of War trailer looked great.
Like, I'm not usually into God of War games, but I was very much about that trailer.
Even though, I don't want to sound like too big of a Tumblr user, but the animal stuff was a little hard for me to watch.
But I could still probably let it slide. I think the game looked really, really fun. Exciting.
And just really different from the prior God of War games.
So, genre bending a little bit.
Not really, but okay.
Really? It's the same.
It looked a little, I don't know, it looked-
It just has more narrative. You're still chopping up.
I think so. Maybe it just seemed like it was a little bit slowed down in a way.
And I wasn't okay with that.
And just the beginning, because your son dragging you down, it's just like, perhaps he'll die or something and then he'll be back to like, oh hey, it's God of War again.
I'm gonna kill everybody. Yeah, we'll see.
So, yeah. A little sad to not see Guillermo del Toro's name on the Kojima project, but I understand. That was family-head.
And how can we forget about the new Spider-Man game?
Oh yeah. That looked pretty fantastic.
I don't know if that was necessarily a closer, but I'm kind of surprised I didn't get more attention.
It wasn't a closer, but yeah, it was pretty nice. It looked cool.
Yeah, no, that looks great, especially with Insomniac being involved with that. Yeah, that looked like a lot of fun.
And then I think it's worth mentioning the Crash Bandicoot thing, too.
I was a little like, oh, are they gonna announce a new game? And then they were kind of like, Skylanders!
And I was kind of like, but it's cool that they're remastering the old games.
I wonder if this is them measuring the hype a little bit? Like, should they do a full-on new Crash Bandicoot game?
I don't know. But that was pretty cool to hear that those remasters are coming. I'm all about that.
Alright. Let's see, going into chat over at live.vognetwork.com.
Tigerclaw says, the new God of War is going to be interesting since it will take on Norse mythology.
This means you'll probably get to fight Loki. Perhaps.
Maybe? Perhaps. Let's see.
Stoppy in chat says, ugh, I hated Crash. Not every game is going to please everybody.
Crash was like the first PlayStation game I owned, so I'm excited to check out the remaster.
Let's see, other comments in our chat over at live.vognetwork.com.
Dark Tetsuya said, did anyone see the Crash Shadow as the guy was walking on stage?
Yeah, I noticed that. It was very obviously going to be a Crash Bandicoot thing, but I thought it was going to be a new game.
Because that was kind of where Sony set the bar after their conference last year, where it's like, we're just granting gamer wishes.
Everybody come rub our lamp and get your gaming wish, because we're granting them.
They showed a lot of VR stuff, and a lot of that looked kind of interesting.
My thing is, I don't know how deep of experiences those are. They showed a Star Wars thing that looks like it was just a mission that you do.
And then there was some integration with Final Fantasy XV, which was something.
Yeah, but they're all sideshows compared to the real game.
But you know what, I will say this. I'm very thankful that Sony didn't mention their...
I don't even want to call it successor console, because that's not really what it is.
But Sony didn't mention their console upgrade, I guess.
I'm really glad that Sony didn't do that, because that shows me that what they're hyping for PlayStation VR right now will work with the PlayStation 4 that you have.
And isn't going to require this new thing. Because remember we talked about this last week or the week before on the show?
That I was very concerned with this whole fact that the PS4 upgrade is coming, and that people are saying it's going to be the definitive way to do VR.
And I'm kind of like, well then why the fuck am I getting the VR thing right now, if it's not going to work right on PlayStation 4?
But this kind of helps, I think, with some of those feelings for them to not announce that, yet talk about all this VR stuff.
Because the expectation is, that's what we'll get this holiday, and it'll be a lot of these rich experiences.
And also, I was reading some of the impressions of people that went to the Best Buy events that they had on Thursday and Friday, basically showing off the VR.
And people liked it. They thought it was good. And the headset felt light. They didn't really have any problems with it, so it seems to be pretty positive.
Well, my understanding too is that if you didn't go to E3, there's a ton of Best Buys now that have the PlayStation VR for you to try.
Ah, they only give it two days, and that's it. And it wasn't that much. There was like two in California. There's a double-end in somewhere in SoCal.
Oh, you know what? Probably because they had to have a retail rep policing it, because they can't just leave it out on a kiosk. Those things will get damaged or stolen so easily.
So they probably had to have a live person there to do it.
Yeah, what was it that I heard? There was somebody trying to download the Zelda demo on an SD card or some shit like that?
I got, oh man, there was a lot of fuckery at E3 this year. I just gotta say, there was some stuff on Twitter I was reading that was super not cool.
Like, gamers behave yourselves. Like, you wanna know why gamers get a shit reputation sometimes? It's because of shit like this.
And I think it's very important that the rest of us who aren't idiots call out this behavior.
Hold on, hold on, hold on. I know what you're alluding to, and it's not necessarily gamers giving bad times, because those events are for press.
So fucking look at your own selves when you're going to that.
I am not gonna say that we might have a problem where the killer is inside the house, so to speak.
I absolutely would believe that, you know, there are some seedy people who probably have worked their way up in the industry.
And like I said, those people that are, the 96% of people out there who are way more awesome need to speak up when they see shit going on.
Okay, and then along with that, can we talk about the other flops of E3 as well?
If you must.
Okay, so these are brief, and most of these you might not have even noticed actually happened.
Actually, a few things. They had a few other livestreams going on. One that I kind of checked out a part of was a Friday the 13th game. Remember that one that was on Kickstarter?
Actually, it looks really good. It looks just like the movie, and you actually get to play as Jason and everything, and I'm digging that.
I've seen some of the clips on Twitter that are really fucking gross.
Oh yeah, it's absolutely gross.
Fucking gross.
Whatever, it's the game, okay? It's fine.
This is the type of thing that Jamie would play and laugh at.
What?
Friday the 13th where you're playing as Jason getting to murder everybody?
Okay, that would be fun.
See? See? All you have to say is murder, and Jamie perks up like a dog when you say, treat?
Sega had something planned, like a livestream planned for the anniversary of Sonic the Hedgehog, and they were going to be making this big announcement.
The big announcement was there was a contest for the biggest fan of Sonic. Oh, and fuck you, here's another Sonic Boom game.
Loki, are you going to be entering the Sonic?
Oh fuck, no I'm not.
Why not?
I'm not a fan of Sonic.
Okay, OLR listeners.
I'm not even a fan of Sonics.
You like Sonic the fast food chain?
No, I don't.
You don't like tater tots and lime slushies?
No.
Chat room, Loki should enter the contest, shouldn't he? Come on.
Chatters, wouldn't you back Loki up if he entered the contest for Sonic's biggest fan?
Misty, shouldn't he enter? He should enter, right? She's dying over there, she can't even.
I think Loki should enter.
I'll just take a picture of me flipping off the camera and that's it.
I owe no Sonic perks.
Okay, now you give me a reason to actually want you to enter.
Yeah, exactly.
And, Loki, since you want to win, you have to do it in full costume.
Sorry, so Photoshop everything. I'll dye myself blue, I'll spike my hair. Of course it's all Photoshop, I'm not actually going to do that.
I mean, come on.
And then I'll tell everybody in Ingress you're a traitor.
Stacks of like, you know, my house will have like the thing. No, I'm not going to do that.
And then of course the PC conference sucked balls like normal, so.
Yeah.
Let's see, SSG100Matt says, Loki will only enter the contest if they promise to get rid of his stupid friends if he does it.
I've undergone leg extensions so that my legs can be long and spindly just like Sonic.
You know, the new Sonic, because I have to stay close to being accurate to the character and now that they have lengthened his legs, I also need to go and lengthen my legs as well.
Just cut that and send it in as the clip. There it is.
It's incredibly painful, but...
But you gotta go fast.
I gotta go fast. And everybody knows if you have a longer stride, you can go faster, so that is really an evolution right there.
Love it. Any other teraflops you want to mention, Loki?
For the love of God, Ubisoft, for the love of God, please do not do the mock co-op conversations or chatter or whatever the fuck you want to call it.
It is so fucking irritating and unrealistic. Nobody fucking talks like that. And you wasted too goddamn long on it.
And I didn't need to have a section of your stupid conference talking about your stupid fucking Assassin's Creed movie that's coming out.
That was so fucking boring.
And was it steep? Looks kind of lame.
Wow, you're just kicking them while they're down. Was there anything you liked? The South Park game?
Watch Dogs 2 actually looks pretty good.
Alright, there we go. Alright, good. We got some good news there. Alright.
Uh, yes, Darcyra.
What?
Oh, I thought you were going to say something.
Well, now that I'm standing up, no.
Would you like to talk down to us now that you're standing up?
I have to say that I kind of wish I'd been able to go this year.
Oh, really?
Really? What for?
And then, um, I also then realized that I hate large groups of people.
Well, the good news is there's less people than there were in years past. So it wouldn't be as, if you survived E3 2006, you can survive this.
Bobby, I'm so confused about your comment there because Lost Planet would be a Capcom property and you didn't sit in a Konami press conference to hear about it.
I'm sure they had something more terrible. What was their game that they had on like PSP for a while that was like some first person shooter?
Well, I lost them on the PSP because it doesn't have a fucking second analog stick. So, good luck aiming with that.
And it was a tiny, I had some time. It was so memorable I can't think of the damn name for it.
Darcyra wonders if it was Coded Arms.
Maybe. I don't remember.
Alright. Um, let's see, Bobby Blackwolf says, I remember sitting in a 2008 press conference watching Avi Arad talk about some game movie that never came out.
It happens. Some things they show off at E3 get cancelled. Where's that Wii Vitality sensor? Didn't happen.
Anyway, let's get into our gaming weeks. Things that we played since we weren't at E3, but we did play some games here at home.
We'll talk about our gaming weeks and then we'll get into the news tonight, which yes, we'll include Nintendo and some more of Ubisoft and some of these other things we haven't mentioned yet about E3.
So DarkSakura, why don't you start us off with your gaming week. What kind of video games did you play this week?
Not much of anything. I played some World of Warcraft. I played some Ingress. I have played a lot of Miitomo. I guess it's kind of playing it. More like interacting with it.
I played pop and music yesterday. Whichever one of the ones they have in Japantown is. And I just played the same old songs that I like playing anyway.
What else did I play? Oh yeah, I finished all my puzzles. No, I did that the week before. I'm trying to remember because I played something else. Oh yeah, well we played Jairus at my house.
I finished your game. You have that arcade cabinet now. That's pretty awesome. Yeah, we have Jairus at my house. Dan got it for free.
Yeah, we were all singing along to the song.
It's Takata and Fugin D minor, the remix. The remix. Yeah, Jairus happened. Yeah, Jairus.
Dan seemed a little impressed that I remembered the ship patterns in the first few stages.
Oh, the other thing is that we got an Ultracade. Really? Yeah, Dan's like, don't go spending any money. Buy the $500 Ultracade. Wait a minute. After you left.
I seem to remember like a decade ago on this show we used to make fun of Ultracade. Did you kick it? I know, did you kick your Ultracade machine? Yes. Okay, thank you. I kicked it. Can we all come over and kick it? Yes.
But Dan's hope is to get it fixed up and then get rid of it. Well, he said, well, if we don't like it, we can sell it for a grand. I'm like, but why? If it's not working, why did you do this?
I don't even remember why we had to kick an Ultracade machine that just became a meme out of this show. It was like, send us your pick. That was like a contest we ran. Send us a picture of you kicking a machine.
Was it something shady that they did? Yeah, it was something shady. Did they try to like register MAME or something? Ah, something like that. They tried to like copyright MAME or something. I don't remember. Something like that. Yeah, they were shoving out MAME.
Well, now, I mean, you know what I wouldn't mind having, to be honest, is an Ultra pin. Yes, those machines are hot. That would be pretty cool. I played a few games on one of those and I think it would be nice to have, but then again, nothing is like having the originals.
So, oh, and I did actually play more pinball this weekend because Dan redid the rubbers in our Black, not Black Knight. Well, he did it for Black Knight, for World Cup and for Twilight Zone. Dan bought some new rubbers. They're actually silicone.
But they go on the flippers so that they don't get damaged by the ball. Protection is important. But these actually are supposed to last forever and not lose any of their give. So, he also fixed the left flipper in Twilight Zone. So, I played a decent amount of Twilight Zone this weekend.
Sounds like Dan's really kind of made a little niche of fixing up broken shit. He's selling the rig. Yeah, the driving rig. Oh, really? Yeah, he's done with it. We've actually taken all those months. He had three 27 inch monitors hooked up to it. And he took one for himself and gave me the other two. Nice. So like, ooh, I can actually play without my glasses. Yeah, he retired.
Ragenator in chat over at Live.FogNetwork.com calling out something you had posted on Facebook that Dan had had you hold his balls to while he was fixing the pinball machine.
Yes, he said hold my balls and then he gave me three. You're a very special husband.
You know, to be honest, I've never felt Dan's balls or anybody's pinballs for that matter. What does a pinball feel like? How much do they weigh? Are they heavy? They're metal balls. Are they heavy or are they kind of light? They're a little heavy-ish.
Describe the balls in detail.
They're dirty yet kind of shiny.
And aren't you really supposed to be touching them with your hands? Because when you would not want getting, you wouldn't want like grime or anything on those balls. You know, wouldn't it affect how they roll? Is it something that you want to like make sure that you're not touching them with like oil from your fingers?
I'm sure Darcy would respond to that. This is how I roll, bitch.
Do pinballs weigh 80 grams? If that helps you?
I don't speak international. I only speak American.
They're 2.7 centimeters in diameter.
This is all, I don't understand any of these words that you're saying right now.
All right. Anyway, okay, look, we need to move on from talking about pinballs, but one of these days I'm going to come over and touch his balls.
Because I just want to feel for myself.
They're fucking metal balls.
Roll them around in your hands.
Won't somebody let me touch their balls?
I was trying to do the whole goblin thing, king thing with the three of them and I'm not that dexterous.
All right. Let's move on with somebody else's gaming week.
Misty, you're a nice, super serious person to go to after that exchange. Misty, how was your gaming week?
Not too bad.
Make sure you're talking right in that mic so we can hear you.
So yeah, round one, cross speeds, 2DX, Supernova 2.
Did a day trip to Reno, ended up going to Circus Circus and playing the Supernova there.
And on the way in, attention spanned, among things, Neko Atsume on my phone.
Because if there's any conversation more exciting than talking about pinballs, it's talking about cat butts.
Cat butts are the best butts.
I feel like there's an OLR dream game in there somewhere.
Pinballs and cat butts. I don't like a love story. I don't know. We'll see.
I don't want to see where we have to shoot the ball for multi-ball.
All right. So it sounds like Misty had a fun, we've been doing so much traveling, getting to go to some of these arcades and stops and stuff.
And how was the in and out?
It was good.
I always have to ask the East Coasters, how'd you feel about it, or Midwesterners in this case, how'd you feel about the in and out?
Because, you know, they don't have them past a certain point.
All right. Loki, how was your gaming week?
I played a few things. One of the things that they announced that we didn't talk about with the, well maybe we're going to talk about it, so I apologize if we are.
Out of Ubisoft is they're talking about the new South Park game.
And if you pre-order digitally, you also get South Park the Stick of Truth.
And since I was going to pick up the new game anyways, I was like, sweet, I will go ahead and just pre-order it.
And sure enough, there's South Park the Stick of Truth for the PlayStation 4.
And so I played some of that, and it's fantastic still, because I played it a little bit on 360, never finished it.
But damn, that game is awesome.
So, definitely enjoying that.
One of the other ones that they said, you know, hey, it's available now after the press conference.
And then it got very pissed off because that's when they started wasting time with the stupid Assassin's Creed movie talk.
And all the other shit that they were wasting time with.
Was Blood, Trials of the Blood Dragon.
It was a cross between Trials, that really crazy, somewhat over-the-top motorcycle, I guess it's like a racing puzzle game.
And then of course, Blood Dragon, which was the ridiculous 80s, 90s infused shooter game that was all sorts of retro and cheesy and whatever.
So it's both of those combined, and it's pretty awesome.
It's very similar to the last expansion they did for Trials, which I don't remember that was called.
They had like a flaming unicorn and stuff the last time.
But it's kind of similar, this one you actually do some shooting and there's some off-the-bike stuff, which is kind of eh, it's alright.
But I do like to have this RC card that you can play as.
It's a little bit of a mix-up of the actual game.
But definitely check it out, it's worth the money.
And then I played a little bit of Ingress, I played a little bit of Pokemon Go.
Don't like the new update with Pokemon Go, makes it even buggier, and they made it more grindy.
Which, I kind of don't want to play it.
I heard around the grapevine that an update came out yesterday to fix a lot of those bug issues.
Just in case you haven't seen it.
Ah, no. It still has not.
And then I downloaded Smash Brothers for the Wii U because it was on sale.
Oh yeah, E3 sales.
And they don't normally discount that stuff, so I figured out what the hell, so I let my son play that.
I actually haven't gotten a chance to play it yet.
I didn't download all the characters.
And by the way, and I know I'm part of the problem because I did pay the money for them, but it's whatever.
I have a real problem with paying for $5 for one DLC character.
I mean, yes I know I'm stupid and actually did that as well, but I still don't approve of that practice.
And whereas I made the exception this time, I will not be doing that in the future.
But seriously, $5 for a fucking character? Come on.
That's it.
Alright, my gaming week.
To be honest, I haven't played a lot of new stuff.
Just been kind of still making progress on some of the old stuff.
Still playing a little bit of Overwatch.
Alan got really into Overwatch.
He plays it more than I do at this point.
So once in a while I'll try to team up and play some games, but I'm not very good at it.
But one of the things I'm continuing to enjoy about Overwatch is that there are characters that do more than just shoot the guns.
So that if you aren't good at shooters, you can still kind of do things that still support your team.
So I really appreciate that.
I think that's part of what is kind of brilliant about the design of Overwatch in the first place.
But I've been still having fun with that.
And also been playing, I was still playing Pokemon Alpha Sapphire, believe it or not.
I don't have any more gym badges.
Because I'm at this point where it was like, okay I had to walk down this route to get to this place to get some weird item I didn't even have to be using.
Then I have to go like up and all the way around.
So anyway, I'm still kind of stuck a little bit in Pokemon, but I'm making progress.
So I've still been playing that, believe it or not.
And I've been playing, this is weird.
Like just on a whim, one of my friends was talking about this game.
So I was like, you know what, I should check it out.
I haven't played this game in a long time.
You remember when I was talking about Path of Exile?
I went back and played that a little bit.
That is the free to play game that's on Steam and I'm sure a ton of other, those types of places too.
It's kind of Diablo-esque.
Although there's a lot, there's like Diablo, like Blizzard kind of likes to keep things simple, right?
Path of Exile kind of goes a little deeper.
Not just with their, you know, very complicated skill tree.
But you know, your abilities are in gems that level independently and you can link things together.
There's a lot that even I am still trying to learn and figure out and understand.
But I'm having fun with it.
And considering that I'm kind of at a point where I think I'm a little burned out on Diablo 3.
Like I love Diablo 3, but okay, here we are season six and kind of the same grind.
And I kind of got my reward and I'm a little bit over it.
I'm kind of glad that like Path of Exile, even though I'm a total noob,
is kind of satisfying a lot of my urges to play, you know, pew pew, kill all the things, collect loot and all that stuff.
So yeah, I guess that would be the other shout out I would give this week would be that.
Dungeonbuster in chat says, Path of Exile, it's got a crazy huge skill tree.
Yeah, and didn't they like add to it with this ascendancy stuff, which I don't even understand.
There's a whole nother, like last time I played the game this wasn't in there.
Now there's this prophecy stuff too.
Like I find like these coins and this like fortune teller will tell me these things that are going to happen.
And my video game logic tells me, oh, these are quests that I'm going to like open a portal and go to.
No, they're just things I have to I guess look out for.
I'm not even sure how it works.
I'm sure there's a Path of Exile fan out there who's getting extraordinarily frustrated listening to my noob ass.
But I'm going to keep at it and try to read some more guides this week to figure it all out and see.
Because I am having fun with it for what it's worth and that's the most important thing, right?
So there you go.
All right, let's move on.
We need to get into some gaming news and some of the other stuff that happened this week at E3 and outside of E3 even.
But first, Loki with, you know, the other company that a lot of people are talking about this week, right, Loki?
Right. Yes. So Nintendo, of course, their thing was they're only showing Zelda.
So that's what they did. They started off with their stream, the trailer for Zelda, the Breath of the Wild.
And it is this very big open world Zelda game.
It is what I've been looking for in a Zelda game for a long time because it is very similar art style wise to Wind Waker.
And it also shares a lot of stuff from Wind Waker.
And there's even like some theory about like some sort of convergence on different timelines within Zelda.
But it's basically like, spoiler, in Wind Waker there's a part where you find out, hey, the world is flooded and actually Hyrule is under the world.
That these islands that you're finding are just the mountain tops.
And I was like, damn, why couldn't they have just made this whole game like Hyrule and in this art style?
And sure enough, a few years later, this game comes out and it's basically that game with Hyrule and it's open world and it's awesome.
So that's what this is. And so they showed it off, basically showing off a small section of the map, which I want to say they said it was like 2% of the map.
But it was goddamn huge. Like I don't even think they explored the whole thing there the entire time.
But there's so much you can do with it. Physics are just ridiculous amount of stuff that you can do with the environment.
Like set fire to things and the wind takes the fire and all sorts of like unintended things you can do.
It's just very neat. A different type of Zelda game.
I know one thing you like to do with these open world games like in your Grand Theft Auto type of games is like try to break things, go places you shouldn't go, kill your character in the most horrific way possible.
Do you see that you're going to be able to do some of that in the new Zelda?
Probably. I mean, why not? Yeah.
Apparently the new Zelda will let you run around shirtless too.
Yeah, you can put clothes on if you want to.
But who wants to do that? Please.
You just have Link in his underwear. I don't know. It looked cool. I'm definitely looking forward to it.
They didn't really talk about the NX at all or what exactly is going to be different with that version of the game.
But I mean, considering this is just on the Wii U right now, it looks pretty damn good for the Wii U.
Yeah. I didn't even need E3 to sell me on this game. I think maybe that was part of my quote unquote frustration about Nintendo really dedicating as much as they did with E3 to Zelda.
Because for me personally, I was like, I already know I'm going to want this game based on what they've shown of this previously.
And I mean, nothing about that has changed. I did not have the time to sit and watch hours and hours of live stream.
I was like, I need like a five minute Cliff Notes version.
But there's enough stuff on YouTube where I kind of got a sense of what's going on.
I'm like, yeah, okay, this looks like it's just going to be a freaking huge Zelda game.
And yeah, I already knew I wanted it.
Zelda and, you know, what else?
Like Shadow of the Colossus, getting the big Shadow of the Colossus vibe from it.
The demo obviously was different. It was, you know, earlier on in the development cycle.
So they didn't show like, you know, there's going to be more like NPCs and towns and stuff like that in the game as well.
But they didn't really show that. So I don't know. It looks good. I'm definitely looking forward.
I'm definitely going to be picking it up when it comes out.
Let's see. Going to our chat over at live.vognetwork.com.
Stoppy says, I think it looks interesting, but I will need other games to convince me to get an NX.
Maybe Nintendo will have a killer E3 next year.
Well, that decision to get you to buy an NX has to happen before E3 next year.
If the rumors are to be believed that that system is coming out by the end of the fiscal year, which means March, April, right?
We're going to get to that very soon, but I don't, yeah.
You don't think it's going to happen?
I know. I just, I think that we're going to have, I think it's going to be deja vu all over again.
I, I'm trying to be a little more optimistic. I, I think the whole reason they did what they did with E3 was so they didn't have to do deja vu.
But here's the, well, here's the problem though with that. I mean, yes, I understand that they're getting people hyped about this game and stuff.
They've already said that, Hey, um, God, I really should have looked over everything, but they basically said, Hey, guess what?
Um, yeah, there's not really going to be, we're not making any more we use. Sorry. There's like less than a million left. Get them while you can.
Huh?
So I mean, they're trying to get you to buy a console for this game. I mean, I don't know.
All right. Well, we will see what develops with NX, but as far as Zelda goes, I'm sold, but I will probably be buying the Zelda game on the NX.
Because I can't imagine I'm not going to want Nintendo's next console. I really can't imagine I'm not going to want it.
Maybe I'm just meeting a consumer.
We'll discuss this in a minute.
Fine. All right. Let's move on. Let's talk about the Star Trek game that came out of the Ubisoft conference.
It's a Star Trek bridge crew, uh, going to be coming for the PlayStation VR, the HTC Vive and Oculus.
So it will have, uh, all the VRs, all the things, uh, Red Storm Entertainment is creating the game and, uh, they of course made Far Cry 3 and 4 and The Division.
Uh, and so there's actually a whole little, um, um, like, uh, video that they showed where they had LeVar Burton and Jerry Ryan.
I think what Carl Urban, I think was, was all playing it. And they were all kind of into the game.
You know, VR games can kind of be a hard sell at these conferences because you can't show the VR.
Right. And, and I mean, this is like,
Just real quick aside, do you think with the PlayStation VR being out by next year, do you think the next E3 I will be able to experience in VR? I bet I can.
And so that way they'll be able to show me VR games in VR, but we'll, we'll see. But I, I just have this interesting feeling that that could be a thing. We'll see.
I kind of feel like that's what Oculus wants to do with the Facebook and the event. Anyway, anyway.
They have, they have VR streaming. So I mean, it could, it could happen. Anyway. Um, so yeah, uh, the game looked pretty fun.
Um, but the old, okay, here's the only thing I, I, the only issue I guess I had with it is that these guys were all playing in one room. Right.
And I was like, okay, so you have the three Star Trek, um, celebrities, and then you have, you know, the, the guy that was leading the demo.
And I'm thinking who's going to have four VR headsets at their house or even tell their friends like, hey, come on over and bring your VR headset.
Hopefully we all have the same brand so we can play the game. So not right now, but you know, it sounds preposterous, but well, I guess we'll see.
But, and I know you're probably yelling online, online. Yeah. I'm assuming a lot of this has to be online, but there's a big difference between online and in the same room.
Well, also like Nintendo banks on all the time for Oculus and like even PlayStation VR and stuff that might be difficult.
I can see like your VR is might, might be an option because it's cheaper, like, you know, whatever the Android dream or whatever that is, something like that.
Or hell if Apple ever decides to come out with VR, which I'm sure it's a matter of time. Um, that's something a little bit more feasible because everybody has smart devices and you know, it's something that they may be a very,
I could see in five years that VR is going to take off to the point where it's going to be just like, no one thought everyone's gonna have smartphones on, you know, it's like, those are expensive. Why would, who would pay $600 for a phone?
I mean, that's silly, but then again, uh, Bobby Blackwolf, our, uh, he's of course, super into VR over at live.voggenetware.com says, uh, it is an online game.
They were all in the same studio for TV sake. I, again, I kind of say that's one of those things you have to be aware of when you're getting, buying into the marketing of these games is that there's a lot of stuff.
To be honest, why was this trailer so short and that stupid Eagle trailer or Eagle gameplay thing that they did was so long.
Um, and then, uh, Bobby Blackwolf also mentions if you want to play the game in the same room, play Artemis.
Um, while we're on the subject of Star Trek, by the way, there's other two, two quick asides I want to mention.
One, I want to mention the, um, Starboard power coupling, uh, our pals over there, uh, at the voice keys network.
They just hit their 100th episode. Um, Captain Matt was actually here the other night doing the show live here from the same studio, uh, with his pals, uh, Eddie and Ken over Skype.
So big congrats to the cast of Starboard power coupling on episode 100. Yay. Um, on a bit of a downer, um, in which Chad is bringing up right now.
Yes, I did hear about the, uh, unfortunate tragedy that happened to, uh, Anton Yelchin today. That's, um, that's horrible.
Uh, especially kind of hearing about that it was, you know, literally a freak accident, uh, just kind of, you know, a reminder to, um, make the most of every day.
Because, uh, you never know.
I, this is going to sound awful for me. It was completely preventable and it's just, it should be common sense that you don't leave your car running in neutral.
Mhm.
Practice some common sense people. Be safe.
Yeah.
I mean, it's still, it's a tragedy. It's a great loss.
Exactly.
But it was still a result of his own negligence.
Yeah. So just be careful people. Be careful. All right. Anyhow, um, let's move on with some other gaming news. Dark Sakura.
Well, this has been, I think, a little bit of an edgy topic for some people is about things done for Twitch viewers to, to, uh, inflate viewer, uh, and, uh, follower counts.
So now, um, it actually is, uh, a part of Twitch policy now that, um, view bots and follow bots and chat impersonation bots are, uh, completely, um, you know, not allowed.
You can't have them. And now, um, they are actually, uh, following through with a lawsuit against seven different bot makers who are, uh, selling their products to, uh, increase, uh, follower and viewer count. So, uh, yeah, they're, they're tacking down on them.
I just, why would you buy fake viewers when you know they're fake? And I completely understand that Twitch does like the rankings based on view count. And so you're like bolstering yourself in the rankings, but still I'm kind of like to have earned something falsely like that is just like, oh, like your whole thing is tainted.
And if you are destined to be a talented, uh, live broadcaster, do it of your own merits. You know what I mean? Just weird.
It's just, people will do anything. I think I honestly would like to see that these Twitch streamers who are using these services get reprimanded or even banned in some way.
Well, to be fair, devil's advocate, because I think this is important. If people knew that people were going to get banned for these fake streamers, I could hire fake or sorry, not fake streamers.
I could hire fake viewers to go on your channel. So you'd get in trouble. That's, that's the only devil's advocate perspective I have is that you have, I mean, you don't want to false ban anybody. Although I agree with you. Yes. They need to maybe lawsuit and then maybe, um, uh, what would you call subpoena the records?
So then they can truly figure out who's buying them and do something about it. But yeah, I would, I would be very cautious about false positives. That's my only thing.
Um, uh, and then the other thing, there was nothing I wanted to say with that, with the whole, um, Twitch and the buying and all that stuff. Um, damn it. Train left the station. I can't remember what I was going to say. So I guess I'll go to our chatroom over at live.vognetwork.com.
Uh, let's see. Dungeon Buster says, I heard Riot banned a few players for botting their League of Legends streams. Oh, that, that's what it was. Um, World of Warcraft. I seem to remember there was a very similar sort of thing where they sued some of those gold spammer people
that kept spamming on their game. So this seems very similar to that whole thing or, or no, it wasn't the spammers. It was the people making the bot programs. That's who they went after.
See, that was actually another reason why I quit final fantasy 14.
Oh, uh, just an aside though, it was addressed this week and there is going to be a gold spam report thing in the next patch to be fair, but that, but yes, that has been always an annoyance about 14 for way too long.
Finally, it's being addressed and you know, the hilarious thing about it, how it came up while Yoshida, the producer was playing final fantasy 14 during the, he got gold spammed.
Yeah.
So he finally mentioned, by the way, we're going to have a reporting thing in the next patch. So,
Well, it needs to have a complete not arriving thing. You know, it's just completely irritating. And that was a big, that was actually, I'd say 50% of the reason I left because Warcraft has that thing licked.
You don't have to look at the chat and they can't message you directly. So,
All right. Well, uh, we'll hope the appropriate people that are taking advantage of these CD services or the CD services themselves get a nice, good spanking, uh, for being very, very naughty.
Let's move on to the next story. Loki.
All right. So, um, Reggie was in an interview, um, I want to say, what was it with Bloomberg and regarding, you know, what he thought, you know, about E3 and kind of like the other systems that were available, uh, mainly, you know, now that Sony is talking about the PlayStation
Neo, um, or their next system or briefly mentioned it and, you know, the Xbox Scorpio and kind of their comment on it, you know, what, what did they have planned for the NX, that type of thing.
And basically he came out, you know, kind of dodged the question by saying, you know, for us, it's not about the specs, it's not about the teraflops, um, or the, you know, processing power.
It's about the content, um, basically saying that they're a content company and their focus is to put their entertaining titles on the Wii U and on the NX.
Loki, I think we actually have a video of that.
Your competitors, uh, you know, talked about their forthcoming, the Xbox and a new PlayStation. How do you think the NX console will stack up to them?
You know, for us, it's not about specs. It's not about teraflops. It's not about the horsepower of a particular system. For us, it's about the content.
Nintendo is a content focused company. We create entertainment that makes people smile. So for us, we're focused on bringing our best entertainment to both the Wii U as well as the NX in the future.
So for us, whatever Microsoft and Sony are doing in terms of talking about new systems, that's for them to fight out in that red ocean.
For us, we want to make sure we're bringing our best content forward. And right now the reaction to Zelda has been, uh, has been more than we could have ever imagined.
Okay. To be fair, Loki, is he wrong?
And I'm not, hold on. I was going to take that angle as well.
All right. All right.
And you know, to be fair, their content is fantastic. Nintendo's games are fantastic. And you know, their approach, what they're talking about here could be that they're, they're not really focused on talking about specs and stuff right now because they're putting out great games that are just going to run on whatever hardware platform they have.
And that's really the draw to these systems.
But, but lower your speakers, everybody. But no, no, no. Hold on, hold on. But this is the exact same shit that he fucking talked about with the Wii U and why it was underpowered when it came out.
Don't get me wrong. Nintendo content is great. It's been great on the Wii U, but if those specs can't run the games that are running on the higher spec systems of your competitors, you're going to be fucked once more.
And that's going to hurt you big time. And granted, yes, there are going to be people that buy your systems for those first party titles, but the Wii U has been the worst selling console that they've had, period.
So, okay, I do actually get your point. Part of what has hurt the Wii U so bad is that the PlayStation 4 and the Xbox One games can't be easily ported for the Wii U. I get that.
However, assuming that NX is going to be on that same level where it does perform as the PlayStation 4 and the Xbox One, isn't it true that the new consoles don't matter because Sony and Nintendo have been saying the new consoles don't matter because everything will be playable on the original consoles.
So therefore, in theory, the games should port to NX.
Assuming that the specs of the system are up to that, but being that I'm talking about specs makes me worry and being that he kind of dodged it to content makes me late.
Because if they were like, yeah, you know, not to worry, our system spec wise will be, you know, it'll be able to handle like the stuff that they put out.
He didn't talk about anything like that. And that worries me because they dodged that last time the same way. And it's like they don't get it.
And it just, it, we'll see. I mean, they haven't talked specs yet.
That's, I get that. That's valid. I do believe NX, well, not that any opinion is not valid, but you know what I mean?
I agree with you to that point is that if the NX is not at least PlayStation 4 powerful, then there's going to be a big problem because you're right.
It's going to suffer that same fate where third party don't want to just make their games for this system. They don't want to have to do this whole separate thing for it.
I I'm totally with you there. I just don't think the new systems, if, if Sony and Microsoft are being, you know, transparent and what they're saying about these, these upgrades or whatever, that everything should still work.
Hopefully that won't ultimately matter. That makes sense. I just, I just, when someone dodges a question like that, I kind of worry. That's all. Yeah.
But he did make a damn good point coming out of this E3, everybody's talking about Zelda, which is not on a PlayStation 4 level terafloppy system.
That is true. But the sad thing is, it's probably the last great title that's going to be on that system that you've already pretty much killed off already.
And it's like, you know, that's cool, but, uh, I mean, I don't know. I, and I'm, I'm with in agreement with him about like, you know, how they're talking about the new systems because so far, I mean, it's very easy.
So far, they haven't really told us what those systems are going to be used for. And everybody's trying to follow up with questions to see how exactly they're going to use that because what they're saying doesn't seem to make any sense.
And what they're replying with doesn't make any sense either. It's like, well, it's not going to really do much aside from upscale a 4k. Then why do I want to buy this? I mean, I don't know. It just doesn't make any sense.
It's like, why is that a knee right now?
I'm going to chat over at live.vognetwork.com.
Cajudo in chat says, if the new Nintendo doesn't at least have a hard drive in it and Nintendo might be fucked. Well, the Wii U's got, well, it's not very big.
Yeah. I already, I already had the plug in something external because I don't want to download another game. I was like, this is stupid.
I kind of don't think that's going to be a problem, but I think what we do need to question is the whole, the rumors about no disc drive. Does this mean that they're going back to flash?
I mean, that's still kind of a thing that obviously E3 is not addressing because we're not talking about NX right now, but a very kind of curious question about that.
I think that, I mean,
Because you can't go download only and not have a gigantic hard drive.
Right. But I think that they're, they're going to go cartridge again, which that ups the manufacturing costs.
And I mean, you're, you're limited to what you can fit on whatever media that they choose to put it on there.
And I understand, I mean, it sounds like they want to do a portable system that way, but.
I still stand by my prediction that the reason why they're going back to cartridge is so that you can put that cartridge in a portable system.
Right. But my worry is also that, you know, because of the reason people still have optical drives is because one, they like watching Blu-rays and stuff on their systems.
And two, it's a lot cheaper to manufacture that stuff and a lot quicker to manufacture it versus putting on cartridge.
But then again, they have expertise to do that since they've been putting on cartridges, you know, for the 3DS.
I do get that point, but one more devil's advocate question for you, then we're going to move on for time.
What do you watch more Blu-rays or Netflix?
Netflix. But if you want to get to the point where I have a 4K TV, I'm sure as hell not going to be streaming that because it doesn't come over to 1080p half the time.
So, yeah, I mean, granted, yes, we're thinking right now.
That's another thing, too. Right now, we're talking spec wise that these systems are going to be around for a while.
But at Sony and Microsoft, they already have these new systems lined up.
Yeah, they're saying, oh, yeah, it's going to play all the same stuff.
But how long is it going to take them to change that decision? I give it a year or so before they're like, oh, but there's these games that only run on these systems.
And it's slowly, oh, now we're not making those old systems. Okay, now everything is going to be this.
All right, let's move on. I want to talk about something else out of Ubisoft's conference that I think got a lot of people talking.
And even even Loki can't hate on this, I don't think, is that they finally showed some information about South Park.
The Fractured But Whole was the best part of the whole conference.
And even a date for the game, December 6th, is when the game will be out.
And it seems like it's riffing on the whole superhero genre, which has been on the Civil War stuff.
Yeah, which is all big in theaters right now. So this is kind of like the play on that.
Apparently, you will be able to do a fart that will rip time. That's that's classic.
There's a dozen different classes in the game. You can mix and match between them.
You will be playing as the new kid and be interacting with the other South Park characters.
If you preorder, you get a copy of the Stick of Truth, which I did, and I love it because you can play it right now.
Nice. So, yeah, I'm I'm excited about the game, too, because the last South Park game was pretty good.
I know I know this one will be good as well in chat. There seems to be a lot of excited stuff about that in chat, too.
Stoppy says, I love it when serious news agencies have to say that title.
I think that's probably half the reason that they...
Of course it is. Of course it is.
It's called the new South Park game.
Yeah, it's all about in the delivery as well.
But here's the best part.
The fractured but whole. Like if you can kind of say it in a way that doesn't sound like the whole.
The best part is, you know, there's going to be some news outlets that just don't fucking get it.
They don't realize that it's a pun.
The old news lady that's been on the station since the 1970s reporting, you know.
The fractured but whole.
You can get like a Barbara Walters saying that, you know.
Today on 20-20, the fractured but whole.
Coming up next on The View.
I somehow have combined Barbara Walters and Julia Child. Don't ask.
I'm not paid to do impressions.
Dark Soccer, are you excited about the fractured but whole?
No.
You want to know what?
What?
I don't give a shit about the fractured but whole.
Alright, then let's move on.
Unintended.
Let's move on to another story, Dark Soccer.
Oh, good lord.
So, this makes me kind of happy, even though I didn't play the second one, which I don't know why.
But there is plans for Bayonetta 3.
Hideki Kamiya said that he was asked when considering Bayonetta 3.
And he said, yes, I've been thinking about it a lot.
So, I think that they are looking for opportunities to be able to make it.
But that doesn't mean they're making it.
No.
Yet.
It means that they really want to.
If Nintendo wants to write a check, so that bad boy is an exclusive to the NX, which they ought to do.
It is...
Okay.
Can I tinfoil hat for a moment here?
Sure.
A criminal amount of people have not experienced Bayonetta 2.
And I understand that's because it's on The View.
I wonder those.
Go borrow my copy for fuck's sake.
You've got to play Bayonetta 2.
But you have kids at home and you really shouldn't play that game when they're within 50 feet of the house.
But here's the thing.
It's criminal how few people have played Bayonetta 2.
And I said, and many people have said, that game is not going to ever come out for Sony or Microsoft because Nintendo paid for that game.
That doesn't mean it won't come out on the NX.
I really hope, if nothing else, so that Bayonetta 3 can happen.
Yes.
Bayonetta 2 gets a second chance on the NX.
I would be totally okay if Nintendo comes out and says one of the launch titles for the Nintendo NX is Bayonetta 2 Remastered.
And there's going to be so many people that are going to be like,
Remastered? That game just came out.
And I'm going to be like, you fucks didn't play it the first time and so you're missing the fuck out.
So here's your chance. Eat it.
Right, Dark Sakura?
Yes.
Thank you.
Let's see.
Going over to a chat over at live.vognetwork.com.
DungeonBuster says it's great at least the first game. Really want to play the second game.
Yeah, you got to check it out.
Stoppy says one and two remastered.
Even better!
Why the fuck not?
They already put one on the Wii U.
Why the fuck not?
And you know what?
And they can come up with a witty yet sexually charged subtitle for the collection.
They can call it the Bayonetta Mnage  Trois.
Perfect!
Print it. Patent pending.
Nintendo owes us a quarter of every copy sold.
Trademarked.
Alright.
Let's travel around the world and check out some release dates and some things that will be coming to a gaming store a little sooner than Bayonetta 3.
Loki.
So, this week we've got Deadlight Director's Cut on PC, PlayStation 4 and Xbox One.
Pac-Man 256 on PC, PlayStation 4 and Xbox One.
They're porting Umbrella Corps.
If you don't remember, that was as a first person shooter spinoff of Resident Evil that was on PlayStation 4 and is going to be on PC.
A game called Valhalla.
That's on PC, Mac, and Linux.
And then on Friday, Mario and Sonic at the Rio 2016 Olympic Games.
Hey! What do you know? The Olympics are coming to the Wii U, but maybe not actually to Rio because they're in financial trouble right now.
And then Tokyo Mirage Sessions.
Sonic's got to run away from that Zika virus as fast as he can.
Yes.
Bad joke.
Tokyo Mirage Sessions.
Cross FE.
That's coming out on Wii U as well.
And then, of course, I couldn't forget, you know, the game that's going to make you cry like an anime fan on Prom Night.
Mighty No. 9 is going to be coming out on PC, Mac, Linux, PlayStation 3, PlayStation 4, Xbox 360, Xbox One, and Wii U this Tuesday.
Not your words. The official words.
Those are the official words.
The only thing that'll make you cry in that game is the fact of how lame it probably is going to be.
Actually, to be honest, I watched a stream of it. It looked okay.
It wasn't terrible.
Misty, any interest in Mighty No. 9?
It was really cheesy as fuck, though.
You like classic games. Mighty No. 9 is kind of a throwback to Mighty No. 9. Would you check out Mighty No. 9?
Or Steaming Pile of Poopy?
What do you think, Misty?
Honestly, not sure. I would probably have to at least give it a once over before I actually put more thought into it.
Alright. That puts you above 90% of the gaming public right there.
Did she just say, I'm not going to have an opinion until I actually play it?
I think she did. Good for you.
Good for you.
Fuck off.
At least we get them for the Bethesda conference.
But someday if, you know, Jeff were to...
If he were not able to fulfill his duties as host of E3, then I would hope that Adam would be able to step up and...
What is it, a beauty pageant?
Should Jeff Keighley be unable to fulfill his duties as the Dorito Pope?
Should the next Papal election actually elect Adam Sessler or Morgan Webb or some kind of...
Or both.
Conjoined anomaly of the two of them.
You just made me think of a news article.
What?
You saying Dorito Pope made me think of...
Instead of the white smoke, they'll be waving the orange cheese dust when he's elected.
You made me think of the other Republican that called Trump Cheeto Jesus.
Speaking of orange.
I know, right?
Alright, anyway.
Hey, let's go to Japan. Let's check out what's coming out of Japan.
I'm coming out on June 23rd over in Japan.
Buy this for yourself as a birthday present for Orange Lounge Radio to all of our Japanese listeners.
So Akuma JP and anyone else who might be over there who never emails us or calls us or participates in chat.
But June 23rd is the 14th anniversary of our show and is the day that you can pick up The Walking Dead in Japan.
Which Square Enix is actually publishing over there. It's kind of interesting.
Also, Need for Speed gets a price reduction and goes into the EA best hits.
And that whole biohazard umbrella core thing that Loki was talking about a minute ago.
Also out in Japan this week.
That is all on the PlayStation 4.
If you want to go over to the PlayStation 3, actually nothing this week on the PlayStation 3.
I guess the release is over there slowing down a little bit.
But over on the Wii U, you get Minecraft Wii U edition comes out this week.
As well as Mario and Sonic at the Rio 2016 Olympic Games is out this week as well.
So a little bit more exciting of a week on the Wii U in Japan than it has been in a little while.
How about Nintendo's other system, the 3DS?
There's really only one game out this week.
It's Bokuju Monogatari Mitsu no Rino Taisetsu na Tomodachi comes out this week.
So does that mean? I see the word Tomodachi in it.
What's the name again?
Bokuju Monogatari Mitsu no Rino Taisetsu na Tomodachi.
Something about best friend?
Perhaps. And it looks like...
Legend something?
Honestly, this looks like a farming game.
And judging by the box art...
Is he from the chat?
I think he is.
That's how I judge Japanese games is by the box art.
It looks like this girl's best friend is the puppy and this boy's best friend is the kitty.
So this is some type of farming type of game, clearly.
And there's also Happy Little Cows and I Believe in Alpaca, which is kind of a win for me.
Yeah, weird.
So there you go. That is out on the 3DS.
I'm sure it's kind of like another one of those farming sim games.
So if you eat up stuff like Harvest Moon and Stardew Valley, this kind of looks like it's right up your sleeve.
Lastly, checking on the PlayStation Vita this week.
Caligula is out in Japan this week.
Not to be confused with the porno from the 70s.
Or maybe referring to the original Roman Emperor who spawned such...
This looks like it could be a modernization anime version of that, who knows.
But also on the Vita this week, Refrain no Chika.
I like modern anime porn.
To-ma-jo no Riodan comes out this week as well in Japan.
And AkumaJP says, yes, farming means...
Bokuju Monogatari means farming game.
So there it is.
And yes, that's what I said, SSG100Matt here.
I'll send you this game as well.
And yes, no Malcolm McDowell in this game to be seen, but there it is.
Alright, let's go to Europe. Dark Sakura.
Some stuff.
On the 21st we have Pac-Man 256 on PS4, X-Bone and PC.
The Tech Remancer on PS4 and Xbox One and PC.
And Deadlight Director's Cut on all of the above.
So on the 24th we also have Dino Demi's Kick-Off Revival on PS4.
And on Wii U, Tokyo Mirage Sessions FE.
That's it.
Register participation for this week's episode of Orange Lounge Radio at vognetwork.com.
Use the passphrase, church.
Alright, just a couple more stories for you guys in the classic game of the week.
Hey, that Pac-Man 256 though, I played that on my mobile phone.
Does that mean that game is going to be free on the consoles?
I didn't see anything about it.
They're going to make me pay for some stuff.
You always pay one way or another.
I guess that's true.
Alright, I was just curious because I'll probably pick that up on PlayStation 4.
But if it's too much money then never mind because it's free on the phone.
You know, actually there's a real...
I could just take a look right now and see on the storefront since you can pull that up.
Hooray!
I'll take a look at that one line.
Alright, we'll look later. Meanwhile, Loki, what do you have in the news?
So this is kind of funny. We didn't even really know about this.
And I think it was ridiculous in the first place.
But No Man's Sky, the game was actually going through a lawsuit regarding its name.
Apparently, Sky has been the issue of that.
Apparently, Sky TV, they settled a three year long lawsuit with them over the word Sky in that game.
I just... I don't know what to say.
I mean, glad that they get to keep their name.
But that's stupid.
There's no confusion whatsoever in that.
Apparently, you guys, I'm a motherfucking fugitive.
And I didn't even know this until this story came out.
Yes, apparently.
That is what I've been calling myself in the DDR community and then this show.
Well, I usually use Rob Roberts more often than I do anymore.
But my Twitter handle is still Sky.
So that's kind of funny that I've gotten away with it for fourteen years.
Well, you also spell it differently.
I do spell it different. I guess that's the big difference.
And I also, I don't sell myself. At least not yet.
So maybe that helps too.
But no, I had no idea that this was an issue either.
Which is kind of funny to hear that the word Sky is so...
Apparently, this isn't the first time that Sky TV has gone after a company for that.
They also went after Microsoft for their cloud service, Sky Drive, which later was changed to OneDrive because of trademark disputes.
Oh no, I emailed Microsoft and told them to back the fuck up.
That's why that changed.
I don't know what this other news thing is all about.
Rumors. What can you do?
What did you tell them? That you should force them to keep the name of your products?
Like you forced them to take Windows 10?
Anyway, Bobby Blackwolf in chat just kind of rolling it all up in a giant Katamari ball and calling it No Man's Sky Drive with an IE.
Thank you.
Perfect. No Man's Sky Drive.
There's the name of tonight's episode.
I don't know, pinballs and cat butts was also pretty good.
I don't know if things are allowed to fly in video games since the word Sky is apparently on lockdown.
But there's a lot of characters flying around in Overwatch.
And since Overwatch already launched, it's not like Blizzard is going to come to E3 and talk about Overwatch.
So there really wasn't a lot to say.
But there was a post that went out during E3 week where the game director Jeff Kaplan did talk about some of the things that are going to be coming to Overwatch to keep the game at the front of your memories and keep the fan base energized.
Didn't talk about any release dates for characters or maps.
But did mention that the team's highest priority is competitive play.
So this will be a separate multiplayer selection and it's going to be a little bit more of a serious ranked thing than the casual thing that exists today where the serious people have no other place to play.
It's kind of a mixing pool right now so hopefully things will be separated.
Of course no date on that besides soon or when it's done.
But there is talk about a possible public test realm test to get player feedback which is something that they do in their other games such as World of Warcraft and Diablo 3 and so forth.
So there you go. That's what's going on with Overwatch.
So let's take a trip down memory lane, shall we?
We're going to go back to a classic time where video games didn't fly around the sky. They were nailed to the ground.
This is a trip down memory lane. Every week DarkSakura opens the vault and finds a game where she thinks,
Hey! You! Play this game or I hate you. It's the classic game of the week.
Poor children.
DarkSakura. What is the classic game of the week this week?
The classic game is popin' music.
What? That's not a classic game. No, I'm kidding.
It's more classic than Halo.
The first popin' music came out September 29th, 1998.
So it is pretty much classic Bimani. I mean, if you want to look at it that way.
Basically, popin' music, for those who have lived under rocks and don't know, is not meant to look like a musical instrument or a DJ setup or anything like that.
Not like how Keyboard Mania and Gitarura and Beatmania and all that were.
Instead, you have little buttons. You have nine colored buttons.
And you have to hit the buttons in time with how it hits the bottom line. Very Beatmania in that kind of respect.
And then you get great, good, or bad. And as you build up a combo, you get fever.
So you can play it in five button mode. I'm sorry, not in five. Yeah, you can play in five button mode or you can play in nine button mode.
It is just pretty good. I mean, there's no additional score bonuses like in 2DX. Combos are great.
I believe that they introduced Battle Mode in...
No, Battle Mode was there, I think, from the beginning where you could have a little mini-game in the middle where you could battle against your friends.
But pop and music for the Bimani series has been one of the ongoing mainstays.
In fact, there are some crazy, I'd say, ongoing items. So this is pretty cool.
You also have your little balls on the screen. Balls are called Pop-Kun.
You can play in high speed. You can change the appearance of everything. You can do random so it changes the patterns on everything.
Honestly, it was about time I mentioned it, so here you go.
And on top of that, it has little characters that have always been, I'd say, mainstays of the series.
And now, for some reason, I can't find their names.
Yami and Mimi. Yami is the cat. Mimi is the rabbit.
And yeah, I'm just gonna go with pop and music.
Alright, you do that. There it is, your classic game of the week. Pooping music. I'm sorry, pop and music.
Not to be confused with Beaten Groovy on the Xbox 360, which I was very proud of Dark Soccer for not using those words in a sentence.
And I apologize for ruining her segment by doing so now.
Because that game was really an atrocity to the great fun of pop and music.
Which, if you've never played, I always explain this to people where it's like, imagine, what was the best part of playing Trouble, the board game Trouble?
It was hitting that pop-o-matic bubble every time you got to, and trying to break it every time.
Because you don't just tap the button, you fucking slam your hand on it, and you pop that bubble.
Well, imagine if somebody actually made a video game all about pressing the pop-o-matic bubble on Trouble.
That is pop and music. You use five or nine of them, and it's beautiful.
And that's, god damn it, that's why I love music games. Right there. Love it.
Alright, we're going to take a quick break, though. We've got plenty more show to come.
We've got some rapid-fire news. The Frugal Question of the Week. Yes, we have a Frugal Question of the Week this week.
And plenty more to come when we come back after a quick break with more of Orange Lounge Radio.
Don't go anywhere. We will be back.
Welcome back, everybody, to Orange Lounge Radio Live tonight with our 646th episode for this June 19th of 2016.
Myself, DarkSakura, Loki, here in studio with our pal, Misty.
A long time OLR listener and fan joining us in studio tonight. Why the hell not? Just because.
Basically.
Basically. And also because, I guess it's worth noting, you know, next week we are going to be celebrating.
We're not really doing anything special for it because, you know, 14 is a weird number.
But next week is the 14th anniversary episode of Orange Lounge Radio, if you can believe it.
Because I don't know if I can after all these years. But we're going to be celebrating that.
The official birthday of Orange Lounge Radio is June 23rd, 2002 was episode number one of this program.
All those years ago where we sat around playing, we had a bunch of people in the house playing like BeatMania 2DX in one room.
And I think DDR, Lord knows what mix in the other. Probably Jamie had her Dreamcast pads over or something.
And we were doing our little show in one corner of the room talking about, I think we were talking about a parent who had changed their baby's diapers on a keyboard mania machine.
And how mad we were about that. I know that was one of the dark sides.
That was the one that I told her to get her baby's ass off the machine.
How does one do that though?
I believe that the term is, people's fingers touch that.
I don't understand how someone would even do that. I mean, because like the machine isn't that big.
It was big enough.
Isn't this interesting that 14 years later you have a whole new perspective on that story?
It's like I just would think that they wouldn't sit still. That baby is going on the floor.
So here we are. Anyway, we'll be looking back and taking your calls and just doing the whole Resiquit podcast, patting yourself on the back thing. We'll do a little bit of that.
But not too much.
I mean, they are holding off the announcement of Half-Life 3 just for the show.
Oh, thank heavens. Half-Life 14 confirmed. Well, Loki, 4 minus 1 is 3.
It is.
Here I am saying 14 is not a big deal.
But, actually, I think what next week needs to signify, and this is very important, is that it's not that it's our 14th year, but it's the fact that we are only one year away from the OLR quiceniera.
Which, I'll be damned if it's not the biggest fucking thing we've ever done at Orange Lounge Radio.
We barely did anything for the 10th. Whatever for the 500th. We need to go all out for the OLR quiceniera.
I will get a party dress for the OLR quiceniera. So, hopefully details on that over the next year. Anyhow.
Well, that would be one way to get me back quicker.
God. Stoppy in chat over at live.vognetwork.com says, you need to find that kid, referring to the baby on the keyboard mania machine.
He's all grown up now.
And interview him for next week's episode. Because the kid would be 14 years old. Oh my god.
That baby, Dark Soccer, is going to high school right now. Help.
Alright.
His mom won't be changing his diapers.
I was going to say, and in some portions of the country, he could even be changing his own baby's diapers.
Alright. Let's move on. We got some rapid fire news to get to. Let's get to it. Loki.
So, they had a real brief thing that they talked about Pokemon Go during their whole Nintendo stream.
And, you know, for those not in the know, Pokemon Go is a new location-based mobile game from Niantic, who puts out Ingress.
We talk about it sometimes. They're currently in beta right now. Closed beta. We're not supposed to be talking about it, but fuck them.
So, well. Whatever. I do what I want.
So, Pokemon Go, they're going to have, they announced that they're going to have this device that's going to be sold separately called the Pokemon Go Plus.
And it's this little thing. It looks like, almost like a Poke Ball, but kind of in a teardrop shape, I guess.
And it has a little button on it that lights up different colors depending on stuff that's happening in the game.
So, it may buzz and flash if there's a Pokemon nearby and you push the button and it'll attempt to catch it.
Without actually using your phone. So, you don't even need to look at your phone's screen. It just syncs with the Bluetooth.
And you can actually catch Pokemon while you're out without actually running the game.
It's kind of neat. That would come in handy if I'm playing it in my car, because then I wouldn't have to worry about, you know, fumbling with my phone.
I'd just be like, click the button, click the button, you know.
Or if I'm like trying to sneakily catch a Pokemon while I'm at work on break or something.
Why not?
So, that is going to be available for $34.99.
And then, of course, Miyamoto did reveal that, oh, it's going to be out at the end of July.
And they're like, we're not supposed to be saying that.
And they even kind of retracted that as well.
On top of that, they're saying that, you know, when the game launches, it's going to be just the red and blue games worth of Pokemon that generation.
Which I do see that kind of right now.
And then they're saying that maybe in the future there may be some sort of gameplay crossover with Pokemon Go and Pokemon Sun and Moon.
So, we'll see.
I don't think the game's coming out in July.
It is pretty damn early.
I think way too many news outlets ran with that Pokemon in July thing.
And yes, I understood what was said on the livestream, but I would be very surprised if Pokemon Go is released in July.
I think way too many news orgs ran with that.
It is very early in that game. That game is not ready to come out any time soon.
But then again, we've only been testing it for a few weeks.
Yeah, it's not that it's bad at all.
It's just that some of the game elements still need to be ironed out, some of the balancing.
You know, there's just, there's a little more that needs to go.
You know, from what I've heard, because I'm not as brazen as Loki is, but there you go.
We're not posting screenshots. They all know who I am.
No one listens to this show. Come on, seriously.
Fair enough.
I've made my peace with that, so that's fine.
I did too, about 12 years ago.
What else you got, Loki?
Alright, and in Activision, I mean, we've been talking about this for a while now.
Activision's finally bringing out their Skylanders Academy show.
There's Spyro, goddammit.
At least he doesn't look like a fucking freak like the actual figure does.
But the Skylanders Academy that's going to be coming out on Netflix.
And it's got quite a cast in there as well.
I'm just excited, well, I'm not really excited about it, but I like that the villain has voice of, you know, Zim from Invader Zim.
So, that is kind of cool.
Although, I'd really wish that Invader Zim was on Netflix instead, but whatever.
Maybe this is something my son will get into, and I'll say, no, we're not fucking buying those games because that's ridiculous.
And then finally, you know, with the new Zelda game coming out, it's good to know that they're not doing it alone.
They're also going to be getting help from Monolith.
And Monolith, of course, will be the developers behind the Xenoblade Chronicles games.
So, I could definitely see some sort of influences from that in the new Zelda game.
You know, we were talking earlier in the show about Wii U games that are pretty good that people have missed, like Bayonetta 2.
There's another, I think if they remade Xenoblade Chronicles for the NX and did that, I don't think anybody would complain or think that it was a bad idea.
Just saying.
No.
Hey, speaking of the NX, apparently there will be more talk on NX this year.
Yeah, I know, this is kind of one of those.
Kind of has to be.
It kind of has to be, right?
But, for what it's worth, in a financial post-interview with a representative from Nintendo, Scott Moffat,
it was confirmed that they will talk more about NX this year.
So, they did talk about, let's see, with The Legend of Zelda Breath of the Wild being among the titles we're working on for NX,
we're very excited, it will be an immediate reason game fans will want to buy the hardware.
Second, it's important to have a clear positioning for your proposition and be able to explain it to consumers in a simple and easy way.
Those are among the things we're working for on NX.
You don't know how to explain your system to people, and it's, I guess it's about a year out, but...
Okay, here's the part you really want to know.
There will be more information coming out later this year.
We certainly understand everyone's desire and interest to learn more.
We can't wait to tell you all about it.
But E3 was not the time.
We wanted to focus our efforts on The Legend of Zelda Breath of the Wild and also on Pokemon Sun and Pokemon Moon.
A fantastic new experience in that franchise.
Later this year, you can expect to get more information on NX.
Interesting, because I sort of feel like, at least in the build-up to E3, the Pokemon stuff was really like a footnote.
Like, it's like, no, this is Zelda and nothing but Zelda.
We were kind of sitting here going like...
Yeah, they showed Pokemon first.
They're like, okay, let's get this out of the way and then we can talk to Zelda.
Yeah, and then when it kind of came to actually E3 time, it was like, okay, well, Pokemon, you know, between Go and Sun and Moon,
got a fair amount of time, although I'm sure some out there, if Shane's out there, would probably argue not enough time.
But at least it got more than what we thought, which was nothing with Zelda kind of taking over.
So it's interesting that suddenly now folks were saying, well, E3 was about more than just Zelda, let me tell you.
Anyway.
Hey, backwards compatibility on the Xbox One.
Are you a fan of Portal 2 or Left 4 Dead?
You should be, because both those games are great.
And yeah, they are now on backwards compatibility on Xbox One, so you can play those.
Also, if you have the more B-list titles, Flashback, Brain Challenge, and Babel Rising, which I don't know any of those games,
and I've been doing this show for 14 years, but they are now backwards compatible.
So go have fun.
What about the rest of the Orange Box stuff, like, you know, Half-Life 2?
That's a great question that I would like to have an answer.
I was very surprised...
I would assume if they've got those games running that they have the source engine working, so you would think that that would work.
I was surprised that Microsoft didn't do more backwards compatibility and, like, fucking lost obviously already.
You know what? I still give them props, because they're at least doing it.
Fuck you, Nin- you know, not fuck you, Nintendo, but they're doing plenty of backwards compatibility, Nintendo.
Fuck you, Sony, for not even fucking addressing it with your fucking system that's gonna put out 4K, but can't run the fucking PlayStation 1 games.
Loki. But you can rent them all.
Oh, well fuck you. You know what? Nobody rents shit anymore, unless it's from Red Box, and I don't see your fucking backwards compatible games in Red Box.
Anyway, let's, uh, I need to get- I need to get less Loki and more Jamie, so let's shift the topic to Mass Effect, shall we?
Yes.
Perfect.
I can go for this course of action.
So there is more information out there, just a little bit, about Mass Effect Andromeda.
The character name has been revealed via Twitter, and yes, it was the character we saw at the end of the trailer is the main character.
And, uh, her name is, but we know it will be able to be male or female, but this time instead of male in the trailers, this is gonna be the default, it sounds like, is the female.
And her name will be Ryder. That's R-Y-D-E-R. So, Ryder is the main character's name.
Some folks speculating that perhaps, you know, Commander Shepard got their name from Alan Shepard, the first man in space.
Some wondering if Ryder could be a reference to Sally Ride, which would be a very appropriate tribute because she passed within the past few years.
So, um, that could have been something that crossed their mind during the development of this game.
Who knows? But there we go, now we have a name, Ryder. We don't know if it's Commander Ryder, we could kind of assume, but we'll find out.
Not soon enough, but we'll find out. DarkSakura.
Well, some other news coming out of E3 is a trailer has come out for Dragon Quest VII, Fragments of the Forgotten Past, and it will launch in North America on September 16th, 2016 on the 3DS.
I'm excited about this. The StreetPass thing in this game sounds really cool. So, yay!
Fun. And then also coming with Final Fantasy XV will be a little bonus game called A King's Tale Final Fantasy XV, which is a side-scrolling beat-em-up that features the main character's father.
So, that's kind of cool. Sorry, a little built-in prequel, if you will.
And then last but not least, um, some, uh, things for the NX to consider is that of course they want to work on a new kind of Mario game. Miyamoto said so, so we believe him. Right? Right?
Um, so, uh, no idea what it's gonna be, but it's something. And it's new, apparently. So, it'll probably be a platformer of some kind.
Well, it makes sense because Super Mario Maker was kind of supposed to be the swang song to Mario as we know it. It's gonna be weird if they just put out, you know, Mario games like we've seen when it's like, I could have made that in Mario Maker.
Yeah. Yeah. So, uh, by the way, our chat room is, uh, coming up with some names for this, uh, rider character in Mass Effect. Uh, let's see, uh, Tigerclaw is saying now you can make Winona Rider. You could. You could do Winona Rider.
Uh, let's see, uh, Raginator is saying Knight Rider. Um, ActDeaf is suggesting Common Rider. Uh, SSG100Matt say you can name your character KK Rider.
What about Saber Rider? Who remembers that?
Uh, why not? But, uh, I, I love that. I think my female will definitely be Winona Rider, just like my female Shepard was Sherry Shepard. So, I'm gonna have Winona Rider, but my male rider is gonna be Richard Rider.
Ha, ha.
And I'll leave it to you to fill in the blanks there.
Good. I can claim Common Rider then.
Yes, you can.
Alright, uh, let's move on with the foogle question of the week.
What do you want to bet BioWare changes that name before the game's out?
Based on, uh, everything coming up in chat right now.
No.
Bobby Blackwolf suggesting Face Rider. No, it's alright. Anyway, hey, DarkSakura, DarkSakura just looked at her brain with how she rolled those eyes.
Alright, let's go to the foogle question of the week. Every week we ask a question of our Facebook and our Google Plus communities. Facebook.com slash OrangeLoungeRadio or, uh, Google.com slash PlusOrangeLoungeRadio.
And this week we asked, of course, another E3 has come and gone. What got you the most excited about gaming's future from this E3?
We're gonna start on Google Plus this week with AJ Twist who said, Microsoft. I'm not excited about them. I'm more interested in what they're trying to do with PC Xbox crossover.
What's their plan five years from now? Is the Xbox gonna be a console or a platform like Steam is? What's gonna happen to Steam on Windows?
So, maybe we have more questions than answers, but, you know, it's very interesting to see that kind of future of, um, Microsoft.
Let's go over to Facebook where we got our first answer from Rhetortainment who said, three words, nude Norman Reedus.
That was definitely, that was not on my E3 bingo card. I will say that. Nobody predicted that. Nobody. And if you did, buy a lottery ticket. Seriously.
Rhetortainment also closes that saying. Also, failure and despair to Konami. I suppose I have to mention this at some point.
Y'all saw the tweet, right? That was a picture of Konami's booth, although somebody sent it to me on Twitter and said,
Hey, Rob, you should do your podcast from here cause it looks like a really low traffic area where nobody's at.
And it was a picture of Konami's room. And my reply was, I'm sorry, but the room's gonna be so empty that the sound's gonna echo too much.
I can't, I can't do a good podcast there. Yeah, an echo chamber. What the hell was Konami even doing at E3?
I guess, is there a persona game? My God. Boy was I about to give Konami credit for something that they sure didn't deserve. I apologize to RPG fans everywhere.
Don't they have like, they have something coming out. Pro Evo? No, there's something other than Pro Evo that they had coming out. I just don't remember what it was.
Pachinko. No, it was some anime game. Oh, well. I don't remember. Alright, anyway.
Moving on, Red the Haze over on Facebook says, I'm on the other side of the world right now, but I still gotta see Spiderman by Insomniac live.
And for the first time in ages, I got super excited by surprise reveal. I want more recognizable properties handled by proven devs.
Dark Tetsuya says, if you've seen my timeline this week, then you know I'm all aboard the hype train for The Legend of Zelda, Breath of the Wild.
A new generation Zelda, but in the open world style of the NES original. Where do I sign up?
Second place would have to go to Kojima's Death Stranding. There definitely seems to be a lot of layers to the game and its theme and all that stuff, as is par for the course with a Kojima trailer.
And let's not forget the photoshops that have come out of that trailer, such as the pictures of Norman Reedus crying holding a Playstation Vita.
Or holding a Popplio, the Pokemon that's very neglected and the starting Pokemon and the next thing.
What else? Norman Reedus crying holding things has been great. Although, Norman Reedus throwing a little shade on his own Twitter.
I don't know if you guys saw, but right after that press conference and that was shown, he actually retweeted an Instagram thing where Kojima was drinking from a cup.
Where somebody, I'm pretty sure, photoshopped on that Konami Tears. Did you see that?
Yes I did. That was on his Tumblr or Instagram.
Fucking hilarious.
Great. Let's see. Also, moving on to Veronica Isabelle who said The Legend of Zelda, Breath of the Wild.
And Andy R said I got a fairly decent amount of hands-on, face-on time with Playstation VR and I gotta say I'm loving it.
Eve Valkyrie was amazeballs and stuff like Farpoint and Headmaster were pretty good too.
Probably has the VR was pretty mad though.
Unfortunately, at the moment, I'm still a little concerned about getting actual full games in VR as opposed to bad conversions of non-VR games or short demo-like experiences.
But as far as tech is concerned, I'm on board. I'd almost consider even going in on Oculus or Vive now, but I like how Playstation VR doesn't break the bank as much.
And honestly, I feel like Playstation VR is the most comfortable of the bunch.
Ragenator says I'm excited to see that Tekken 7 is coming to PC. It's about damn time the PC gamers got a Tekken game.
As an aside, it's too bad the older Tekken games aren't either on Steam or GOG.
I've been a huge fan of the series since Tekken 2 on the Playstation 1.
And lastly, Hitstun says I'm running behind on gaming news. Was Freedom Planet 2 at E3? I'm pretty hyped for Freedom Planet 2.
The first one is a perfect example of retro-inspired gameplay in a modern engine and I can't wait to see what they do in Unity.
You know, I gotta admit, Hitstun, I don't remember seeing a lot coming out about that game at E3.
But, speaking of games that I was hoping to hear more on that I didn't see enough on, where was my Civ 6 coverage?
Remember when they announced it? I know it was there.
Was that during the PC conference?
Oh, was it during the PC conference?
I don't know, I didn't watch it. I heard it was boring as hell.
Okay, somebody on Twitter, I'm not gonna say who, somebody on Twitter posted a selfie with the people making Civilization 6.
And I was like, great selfie, where's my news? How was the game? Did you play it? Was it a demo? Did it look good?
Have you even played a Civ game before?
So I was just a little bit like, I want to know a little more about the Civ 6, but granted I didn't dig deep enough to be fair.
I probably just need to get on good old Google News and try to find where all the hands-on was Civ 6 or what it was they were showing at E3.
But of course, does it really matter because we all know I'm gonna get that game anyway? Maybe not.
I guess it's kind of like the Zelda thing. I don't need to watch 8 hours of Zelda. I'm already gonna buy it. Does it matter at this point?
I guess it's the same thing with Civ 6.
Alright, moving on, let's get back into some long form news. Again, add us on Facebook.
Facebook.com slash Orange Lounge Radio or Google.com slash plus Orange Lounge Radio.
Bobby Black Wolf in chat says, Skye, reminds me of the Russians bombarding us with questions when you took a selfie with the farming simulator cow.
Okay, to be fair, yes that did happen a couple years ago. I took a selfie with the farming simulator because I thought it was a cute cow.
And I was like, look at me with the farming simulator. All of a sudden I'm getting all these fucking questions. Like, tell us about the game.
And I was like, oh shit, people, I did not know in Russia a farming simulator was some serious fucking business, but apparently it is.
And to be fair, I'm sure it has a cult following here in the States too. There's enough of a following where they would make those fucking games if there weren't people playing them.
But I do also want to point out, since that time, I also got addicted to Euro Truck Simulator, so I understand the sim needs. I've been enlightened since those days of selfies with cows.
I think they have Euro Truck Simulator for VR too, so.
I'm all about, I'll get it. I'm all about that. It'll be fun. Anyway. Alright, let's move on with some other news. Loki.
So this I didn't even see at all at E3, but apparently Rock Band 4 is getting an expansion in October called Rock Band Rivals.
And with that they're going to be getting an update, I guess, that allows them to add some support for custom set lists, double kick pedal support, I'm assuming for the drums, and then practice mode as well.
And, yeah. I guess that's going to be the last update that they're getting? I don't know. That's what it says.
Interesting ploy to get Rock Band through a second holiday season now that the game is more fleshed out and probably where it should have been when it released, but we'll see if that pays off or not.
They didn't mention a price though, right?
No, they didn't say...
See, if it's like a $60 game then they can kind of sit on it, but if it's, you know, like $20 or $25 I might be into that.
Yeah, it doesn't really say anything as far as that they're just going to be adding new features in the future, which is vague as hell.
Yeah, it is.
And then along with that, they're supposed to be having a new guitar. It was apparently based off of, was it a Fender Jaguar?
Oh yeah, that was that whole stealthy video they put out before E3 was actually pictures of that controller.
Yeah, so it looks neat, I guess. I don't know.
If you don't have enough plastic instruments in your house, here's a new one.
I like the charger that they have where you can set your guitar in it and it charges it. That's kind of neat.
That's pretty cool. I like that.
What the hell is that? I have no idea what this thing is.
What is it?
It's some sort of adapter. Oh, Xbox One.
Oh, it's the legacy adapter.
It's the wired legacy adapter for Xbox One. So you can plug in your instrument.
See, that's really the only way I would do that because I have all the instruments for the 360 and just...
Yeah, I mean, I need to have those work before I buy that game.
Alright, well, believe it or not, E3 was not the only big thing in tech that happened last week because Apple did one of their keynotes as well.
Not as a part of E3, but I think Worldwide Developers Conference was also last week.
Every year.
Yeah, so there's always the great decision that nerds have to make. Am I going to pay attention to E3?
It's an easy decision.
Well, it just depends on who you are.
But anyway, Apple, as a part of WWDC, did announce iOS 10, which is something that we've been anticipating.
But there is a new future in there that is of some importance, I think, to gamers.
There's going to be something in iOS 10 called ReplayKit Live.
This will allow you to livestream apps in addition to being able to record them.
So you can also do your own audio or video remarks.
So, of course, you have to wait for this to come out.
We don't know the date just yet, just kind of a vague timeframe.
But, you know, Apple kind of does things like clockwork in this department, so you can probably take a pretty good guess.
And, of course, we have to wait for the apps that support it as well.
But this is going to be a pretty big deal.
Android folks have been able to do this, I believe, through the Twitch app.
So it sounds like iOS is going to be able to do that as well with streaming games.
So if Loki wanted to, I suppose, he could go out and stream Pokemon Go and be yelling and screaming when the Charmander runs away.
And his little poof of smoke, because Loki didn't catch him.
No, I wouldn't be able to because I don't have a fucking iOS device.
I have an Android device. Technically, I could probably do that now if I wanted to.
Fine, then I'll do it. I'll do it.
All right. But there you go. That is something to look forward to in iOS 10.
Let's move on to something completely different, Dark Sakura.
Well, you know, one of my special loves is finding beta and prototype builds of games.
Especially if they don't come out.
So any EA game? I'm sorry.
So this one especially makes me happy.
It's put out by someone who owned a Dreamcast developer kit.
And found a build of a cancelled Echo the Dolphin Defender of the Future sequel called Echo 2 Sentinels of the Universe.
The ROM has already been uploaded. Some of the levels are playable.
They are missing, you know, there's no audio.
They're missing, you know, textures and certain interactive elements.
But the game was well underway.
And it actually comes from the Katana Dreamcast development kit.
So it's pretty neat. The ROM is available.
You can actually find the link to it from I believe that the site is called Hidden Palace.
If you go to HiddenPalace.org, there is a lot of information on it there.
So Echo fans, go get it. Go play. Maybe finish it.
Finish it.
Alright.
There's some more details coming out regarding Kingdom Hearts HD 2.8 and 3.
I can't keep track of these fucking numbers.
I mean, I don't know what the hell this is.
The trailer looked neat.
I have not played.
See, they really need to come out of the collection of all the Kingdom Hearts games for like Playstation 4.
Then I can go back and actually play them.
Because I have no fucking clue.
I played one, but it was so long ago, like, I don't remember it.
And I haven't played any of the other ones.
And I can't keep track of that story.
But apparently, I guess, they're saying that Kingdom Hearts Birth by Sleep 0.2, a fragmentary passage.
Subtitle crazy, yo.
They basically said that they can alter the game pretty easily now because of the Unreal Engine 4.
And they've improved the lighting.
They were saying that...
I guess...
I was kind of going into details regarding the game, so I'm trying to see if I can get a brief summary here.
Basically, they said the intended play order of the games, according to this, is Dream Drop Distance, and then a fragmentary passage, and then Kingdom Hearts 3.
And...
Basically, they said that the fragmentary passage is not entirely scrapped content from Kingdom Hearts 3.
It was something that they felt they needed to make before Kingdom Hearts 3.
Was I the only one this whole time up until like two weeks ago when the E3 madness started?
I thought that 2.8 was going to be 1 and 2, but on the Playstation 4.
And so I was kind of disappointed when I found out, oh, it's just the 3DS one.
Except for the fact that means it'll have the Tron Legacy level, which I guess is awesome.
Yeah, and they did show that in the trailer, but yeah, I'm kind of with you.
The way they numbered this shit with all the stuff, I don't fucking know what content's in here.
Just put out a goddamn collection.
Can't they just put out the Kingdom Hearts buffet?
Here's all the fucking games.
Yeah, I get it. 2.8 and 0.2 equals 3.
And a 12 volume encyclopedia explaining the story.
Exactly. I don't fucking know. Just tell me, okay, here's the game.
We're going to order all the fucking chapters of the game. Just play these in order. You'll get the storyline. Done.
Thank you. That's all I need.
But like this, I don't understand this. Like, I don't know what to buy. I don't know what to play.
I don't know the fucking story.
Is Sora still in it? I mean, is there a Mickey game?
Yeah.
I don't know. I don't know who these people are.
Yeah.
Alright.
I think Cloud gets in there at some point.
Isn't he a bad guy at one time? I don't know. Sephiroth?
I want to just quickly, before I move on to the next story, you know, we have a live chat room.
So part of doing this show is that sometimes you get live updates on not just gaming things, but things that happen in the real world.
And we were just talking about this earlier, about the whole tragic death of Anton Yelchin.
And there's an update here from Stoppy in our chat room.
And I thought this was worth mentioning with what we were talking about, Dark Sakura, with the whole negligence.
It might not have been based on this report.
Apparently, Jalopnik is saying the car that killed him might have been the subject of a recall having a faulty gear selector.
In mid-April, Jeep recalled 1.1 million vehicles equipped with 8-speed automatic transmission because, according to the automaker's recall notice, some drivers exited their vehicles without first selecting park, ultimately causing the cars to roll away uncontrollably.
Why would it be in neutral, though?
I don't know, but if something was wrong with the gear selector, it might have got stuck there on the way back.
Anyway, again, that report coming from Jalopnik, I'm sure we're going to be hearing a lot more in the coming days, but ain't that going to be something if it ends up...
If that is the case, then we're looking at an even bigger deal.
Well, I mean, maybe like I know a lot of the cars, you can't take the key out of the ignition unless it's in park.
Maybe it's allowing you to take the key out of the ignition for some reason.
Who knows?
I mean, my car doesn't let you take the key out if it's not in park.
So we're going to hear a lot about this in the coming days, I'm sure.
There's going to be a lot more than just, you know, because people are going to want answers.
Anyhow, I know that was not directly gaming-related, but y'all are nerds, and I know even if you didn't want to admit you saw it, you all went and saw the new Star Trek films, and despite how you felt about the movies, that kid did a great job playing in those movies.
So, he was a lot of fun to watch.
Alright, let's move on to some more gaming...
Actually, this is the part where we would do the mailbag.
Participate at orangeloungerator.com is the place to send emails.
However, my understanding is that Dark Sakura went into the emailbag, and what did you find, Dark Sakura?
Jack shit.
Wasn't there a story, mister?
Did we miss a story?
Oh, I was supposed to do a story, I'm sorry, I'll get to that.
Boy, we're failing on all sorts of levels tonight, but the emailbag tonight is empty.
And I failed at reading my story in a timely manner.
Anyway, so, in lieu of the emailbag, why don't we talk about Microsoft and Steam and their relationship here?
Oh, hey, that reminds me, I mean, completely unrelated, but now that we thought we had all the game show stuff...
I love how you just fucking read me for not doing my story! I open my mouth and I start to do the story.
Oh, hey, I'm gonna derail you with this random fucking thought I had!
Okay, and it's been like 14 years and this is a surprise, come on.
Aren't quesadillas delicious?
No, what I was gonna say is, you know, I'm sure you've heard that the match game's coming back, right?
That I, okay, that is worth talking about. Yes, I have heard that it's coming back.
It debuts, if I'm not mistaken, the same night, or no, no, no, the Celebrity Family Feud and the Pyramid start the same, like, it's gonna be a Sunday night thing.
But I don't think the match game's a part of that, right?
The Pyramid is the guy that just left Kelly Michael Stram.
No, not Pyramid, I'm talking about match game.
Alec Baldwin.
That's right, yes, yes.
Which is, it's a little weird for me, but I have to see an emotion. I mean, honestly, it kinda doesn't matter who hosts the show, it's really about who are the mainstay panelists.
I wanna see who the panelists are.
Yeah, I know that TBS piloted one, complete with the 70s retro set, and one of the standing panelists was supposed to be Sarah Silverman.
And I understand she's controversial, and I understand that not everybody likes her, but I think she would have been pretty fucking hilarious on that show.
I can't remember who the other standing, you know, usually there's a few that are standing, like Charles Nelson Reilly back in the day, and what Richard Dawson was on it all the fucking time.
Brett, not Brett Butler. What was her name? Brett Summers, was that her name?
I don't remember.
Damn it. Brett Butler was the one that was on Grace Under Fire. What's she doing? I guess she could be a match game panelist.
But, yeah.
Alright, sorry.
No, that's okay. I was excited. I thought we were gonna talk about Casa Diaz. Alright, let's talk about Xbox and Steam.
Apparently, there was some talk about what's going on, and this was during a giant bomb livestream that was going on where Phil Spencer was on, talking about Microsoft kinda going back into the, growing, I guess, in the PC gaming space.
And they actually talked about Steam, which is interesting because Windows typically has tried to push their own platform, right?
So Phil Spencer did comment on this, and I gotta say, Phil Spencer does do a really good job handling the press and the media and kinda showing that he is a gamer that kinda gets it, unlike the guy before him.
But anyway, Phil Spencer did mention, I look at Steam today, it's on an incredible growth trajectory. It's a massive force in gaming, a positive force.
I think it will be bigger a year from now than it is today, and five years later it will still be bigger again.
I look at Valve as an important independent software vendor for us on Windows. They are a critical part of gaming success on Windows.
I don't think Valve's hurt by not having our first party games in their store right now. They're doing well. We will ship games on Steam again.
Hmm. And then he actually went on to say, talk about some of the shortcomings of the Windows Store.
They all haven't gone swimmingly. Some of them have gone well. Forza 6, Apex did well. Quantum Break wasn't our best PC release.
Killer Instinct did well on PC. Gears of War Ultimate Edition was okay. We definitely learned there.
And then one more comment on Steam here. There's gonna be areas where we cooperate and there's gonna be areas where we compete.
The end result is better for gamers. Ain't that the truth?
I like hearing Phil Spencer and hearing him talk. Even when I don't always agree with what Microsoft does, I think it's in a much better place now under Phil Spencer than it was previously.
Alright, let's get to the FUs of the week. Since I've messed up the flow of this show so bad, what better way to get things back on track than releasing a little angst?
FU to trying hard. Sometimes you try and it's just not good enough. So, fuck it.
Um, Loki.
Um, FU to the dinner place I went to, the Tofu. I don't even know, some Tofu place. Tofu is in the title. I should have really just said, uh, nope. Not going there.
Loki, what the hell were you thinking?
I don't know what I was thinking.
At least you got a Slurpee.
I did get a Slurpee. That was the best part. I should get another Slurpee on my way home. That's really shit.
They have banana flavor. That's my fucking favorite.
Uh, I don't remember a banana with cherry coke.
If you see banana, I want a text message. Banana's my favorite.
Blue raspberry. They may have banana.
Alright. That's it.
Uh, Misty. Since you're here, join in. FU. What do you want to say FU to?
I will agree with Jameis somewhat, especially when it comes to people's opinions of what you're doing.
Just fuck it. Do what you're going to do as long as it's not going to screw your health over or something like that.
Do whatever you- or infringing on somebody else. Do whatever the hell you want to do unless you're going to, you know, piss off somebody else.
Basically.
Alright. Uh, and then my FU of the week goes to, I think just kind of like, stress.
I just, oh my god, like, every little thing has been taking me off today.
I don't know if I'm just, like, having, um, the 90 day male PMS thing or what it is, but I swear to god, every little thing's been taking me off today.
And it's just been non-stop, so I think it's just all stress. So FU distress.
Alright, uh, just a couple more stories for you guys, and we're going to get to the Skype line over at 1877 Game OLR.
Our username on Skype, OrangeLoungeRadio.
Uh, but before we get there, just a couple quick stories. Loki.
Alright, um, so, you may remember there was that game, Allison Rowe, we talked about how it was cancelled.
Um, you know, basically it was like this, almost like an answer to PT.
However, you know, they were sitting, they were going to discuss why it was cancelled.
It doesn't really answer anything. Basically, their comment was, you know,
after long consideration between Team17 and ourselves, we have reached a mutual agreement to end our collaboration on publishing Allison Rowe under Team17's games label.
Um, sometimes things pan out differently than expected as game development and publishing have so many layers of complexity.
We'd like to especially thank everyone for their support throughout, and this has and always will be appreciated.
Okay, then what the hell does that mean?
What the hell kind of explanation was that? Sometimes mommy and daddy get very angry at each other and say things they don't mean.
Like, what the hell kind of explanation was that? That was weird.
Yeah, so it's like, uh, does that mean you're going to still make it?
I'm worried Resident Evil 7's not going to come out because it's too close to PT and that fucking game is cursed.
Swear to God.
Yeah, Dark Tetsuya in chat says, well, at least we have Resident Evil 7 to look forward to.
Look out. Be careful.
Well, something you do have to look forward to, if nothing else, is the console release of Stardew Valley.
That game, I still don't understand why Dark Sakura isn't playing because I do think she'd be a big fan of this, but we'll see.
Stardew Valley, I was waiting for a witty retort.
Stardew Valley was confirmed during E3 week. It's not like the game was there, but it was confirmed during E3 week.
Well, actually, I did see it at one of the press conferences, so maybe they had it on one of the kiosks on the show floor.
It was listed, it was under the Xbox Indie Games, I want to say.
Ah.
They showed that, because they also showed, uh, um, was it We Happy Few?
Yeah. So, Stardew Valley was confirmed. It will be coming to the Xbox One, the PlayStation 4, and the Wii U.
So, Stardew Valley will be getting some help with the ports from Chucklefish and Sick Head Games, and the game is expected to be out in the winter holiday season, although they don't say a specific date.
But, the author did say in his blog post that he posted on this,
I'm also excited about the possibility of utilizing special console features like the Wii U's second screen.
I hope he, this is one of those games that would really benefit with the whole, like, inventory management and stuff from a second screen,
so I really hope he's able to do what Minecraft could not do by actually implementing the second screen.
So, uh, Loki, have you checked out Stardew Valley at all?
Nope.
You really should. You guys are-
Nope.
Fail, fail, fail.
Okay, uh, well anyway, that's going to do it for the scripted news tonight, but it is about time for us to open up the Skype line.
That's right, it's that time of the show where we're going to take your calls on anything we've talked about tonight, or maybe something we missed.
I don't know.
Skype line is open now.
Orange Lounge Radio, all one word on Skype.
Please make sure you've tested your connection with Echo 123 before you give us a call.
That is Orange Lounge Radio, all one word on Skype.
And, well, it's lighting up already, so let's get to it.
Hello, you're on Orange Lounge Radio. Who's this?
It's Shane.
Well, hi, Shane, how are you?
I'm fine.
I feel like it's been a long time since we've heard from you. How's Ranger Pridecast going?
Uh, I'm sure it's okay. I haven't been on the last week, so.
Well, uh-
I need to mute my TV, because I don't want to hear me through the TV.
That's, yeah, you should probably, the first rule of calling into a radio show is to mute your radio.
I was busy playing Pokemon, so I didn't care to follow these rules.
That's no excuse.
And I know you were out of town last week, and I'd mentioned to the listeners, you unfortunately were in Orlan-
Well, I mean, you were in Orlando when everything happened there, but you were nowhere near that mess, thank heavens.
Yeah, three days of death is basically what I went into Orlando with, I guess, so it's not great.
Uh, yeah, there's not been a lot of good news coming out of Orlando, that's for sure.
But anyway, let's go on to happier things to take our mind off of all that craziness going on.
Video games, what'd you think of E3?
Um, you mean the Pokemon Sun and Moon show? It was pretty good.
So, let me guess, you called in tonight to talk about Pokemon Sun and Moon?
That is my first topic.
Alright, well, what would you like to say about Pokemon Sun and Moon?
Besides the fact that it looks amazing, I think that for the first time, probably since, I don't know, probably the first time period,
I think they're really doing a great job of making the entire game more accessible to people who are not as maybe into it.
And don't follow the sites to look up strategies for battling, or just have a very vague understanding of how Pokemon works.
I think this entry is really allowing a newer, bigger audience to come in and join the fun that we all have.
Why is that? What is it about this game compared to the others?
Well, originally, for the first six generations, if you are fighting a Pokemon, you know, you kind of should have an understanding of some sort of like, you know, the weaknesses to the elements.
Like if you are a water type Pokemon that you're using, it's going to be strong against fire.
Well, that's basically all you kind of know, unless you're like constantly looking up things on the internet about, you know, each move and all this.
Well, now what they're doing is not only, you know, if you look that up, you'll know that information.
But if you battle, say, like if I'm Popplio, because that's what I'm going to be is Popplio, and I'm fighting Litten.
Well, I know that my water attacks can be strong against it.
But now when I select that move after the first time I've battled against Litten, I will see on that move, it'll say it is super effective.
So no longer will you have to go back and forth trying to remember things like that. It's going to list it for you.
And another great thing is during the stream, Popplio leveled up and learned a fairy move.
Well, that's a newer, you know, typing that came out last generation.
And it's not good against fire. And it showed right there underneath it, not very effective.
So you know what moves are going to be, you know, strong against the Pokemon that you're fighting or weak.
They probably just figure everyone's going on the internet anyway.
Well, yeah, probably. But if you don't have access to the internet, what if you're on like a plane ride and you forget?
Another great thing that they've kind of streamlined is the fact that during the battles, without having to go through extra screens,
you can select each move and find out exactly how strong it is and what it does.
And they have a way instead of writing down on paper that I see all the time when I watch the video game tournaments,
they have a little icon of your character on the bottom screen that you touch.
And if you have any status effects, like if your speed has been lowered or if you gained attack power, it's going to show it there.
So that's brand new as well. And it just looks gorgeous. And I love all the new Pokemon and I want to collect them all.
Even the basic Pokemon that are in the game you're excited about?
Yeah, like, like Yungoos and the little, like, Donald Trump looking mongoose there.
No, okay, there's some, like, there's some parody Twitter account out there that already followed me.
That has to be a listener of this show because they tweeted something about it, but it's actually like a Yungoos that is like parodying Trump.
Yeah, I just blocked it. I didn't really care. That's annoying.
You already blocked, but it's Pokemon, Shane. Why did you block it?
If you're going to be annoying with Pokemon, I don't like you. So I'm not going to listen to you or talk to you.
You're so mean.
I just love that the 40 minute demo, the person playing had Popplio as his Pokemon. Like, this is, this is made for me.
I love it. It's so cute.
What about, um, what about Pokemon Go? How are you feeling about that?
Um, I'm fine with it. I mean, I'm still not in the beta, whatever. I don't care anymore.
I preordered my little Go attachment because I just feel like that's going to be beneficial.
And I'm interested in seeing how it's going to connect to Sun and Moon because during that presentation, they did say that there is planned connectivity somewhere down the line.
And it is not your Pokemon going between the two games. Get that fanfic out of your head right now because the two games...
I wouldn't want it. It's just Gen 1 Pokemon cares about them.
It's stuff I've been seeing on the Pokemon Go Reddit and stuff is just like, get that fanfic out of your head that is not happening because that would just, that's way too imbalanced.
The Pokemon in Pokemon Go, so I've heard, are a lot different than the Pokemon in the games. Like, as far as stats go and how you level them and all that stuff.
Yeah, I wouldn't even see a point in that to be quite honest. If it unlocks random little things, that's cool.
Yeah, that would be cool. Items or a secret little lair or something. I don't know. Something silly. Maybe like, Flare for your Pokemon Go profile or something. Who knows?
Yeah, that works.
Was that it or was there something else you wanted to talk about?
So the other thing is gaming related but not video game related. While I was gone, I played in this thing called an escape room.
I've never even really heard of them before but apparently they're all over the place and you have 60 minutes, you're locked in a room and you solve puzzles to get out.
And it is literally the coolest thing I've ever done.
Really?
I had such a good time. If you like puzzles and thinking, then you're just going to get a huge kick out of it.
The first one that me and my boyfriend did, we were in an art gallery, this very small art gallery and the theme was a heist.
And somebody had stolen a painting and we had to, it was currently being hidden there and we had to get it and get out.
So we're in this little room, there's just like six paintings on the wall and a barred door and we're like, we don't, we didn't really know what to do.
And time's ticking away and then you start like reading the placards and they lead to clues that are in the painting, like really small numbers.
At some point, we actually unlock the door next to us, which opens up into another room with all these different things.
And the coolest part of that one that we played, we played too, because we had so much fun the first time.
But the coolest part of that one was we had this number and we didn't know what to do with it.
There were no more locks that we could like twist to, you know, put the number in.
But he found this keypad on this bookcase and he put the number in the keypad and we hear a click and then we could slide the entire bookcase.
And this bookcase is big. It's like takes up half a wall, but we slid it over into another room with bars.
And that was so awesome. Like it just blew my mind that things like this exist.
Yeah. And actually a lot of people in chat are like, oh yeah, they got one in my town or what have you.
And yeah, these things are kind of like a trend across America right now. They're all over. I haven't done one myself yet.
And, you know, it's kind of one of those things I always saw and kind of went, oh, that could either be like really awesome or really freaking lame.
But you were, you were really excited about that. I mean, you said it's the coolest thing you've ever done and you hang out with me a lot and I'm really cool.
So this is cooler than that. Wow.
I just, I don't know what to say to that. That's a big ego.
Bobby Black Wolf in chat says they had one of these in the middle of the gaming floor at MomoCon.
So now this is the type of thing they bring to conventions and stuff, too.
I don't see that's that's my problem, though, is that this one is the first one I did.
And what I liked so much about it was that we were not even that's an escape room game.
Our rooms had multiple rooms attached to them to, you know, to go through.
The second one we did, it was me and Bobby and then these three other people, this family.
And the thing was like we had to escape from prison. So me and Bobby are in a jail cell and there's a wall dividing us and the other team who are also in a jail cell.
We had to work to get out of that to get into a boiler room to slide down a freaking slide into the warden's office.
So it's it's not just one room, but all these other places I'm hearing are like, oh, yeah, we just stick you in a room and you have to figure out all these puzzles.
I don't know. That doesn't feel like as cool to me. Well, I wanted to expand.
Orlando is the theme park capital of the world, so they kind of have to step their game up. You know what I mean?
Well, and this is in other places. I do have a couple in Sacramento, actually.
Yeah, there are some I know there's one right by the sushi place that that Shane and I've gone to several times.
There's one like literally right in that same shopping center. And then I imagine like didn't this whole trend start in the Bay Area in like San Francisco?
So I imagine San Francisco has to have some bang up escape rooms.
There's actually because I looked on Yelp last night or Jim did Flaco Jones.
And there's one here in my town of Elk Grove. And it's got the highest ratings of like all the local ones, all Sacramento, Roseville, all the our entire area.
Interesting. So, yeah, Bobby, I need to do it.
Bobby saying there's two of them in Atlanta. Oh, when I come out for Dragon Con, Bobby, I'll be fine, wouldn't it?
You know, you say that and I say that because I think it's really fun. But the problem is with these games is you have to have the right temperament for it.
You can't get frustrated easily. Are you saying are you saying that I might snap at Bobby Black?
Oh, I said I said that to you already. You'd snap at anybody. I don't know how you would do in these.
And like, as I found out when we were working with our team, if you've got somebody who's kind of bossy and thinks that they need to take charge, that's a hindrance as well.
I would never crazy. I would never do that.
All right. If that's what you think, we'll go with that, even though we know better.
All right. So I know the escape room concept is kind of interesting. It's like IRL type of stuff.
It's like video games IRL and a lot of I think I haven't done like phone apps and stuff to try to capture some of that same magic.
I'm sure it's not the same thing, though, because you're not like sliding an actual bookcase across the wall and all that stuff.
Yeah, I think there are things like that. And I you know, maybe I try them because I like figuring out puzzles so much.
Oh, one of the other cool things about the one that we did with the wall that slid, we also had to put together a puzzle randomly, but we couldn't find all the pieces.
And it actually like when you put it all together, it was like a riddle. So we had to figure out that puzzle without having all the pieces.
I was like, oh, God. But I got out because we beat we beat both of them, which was awesome.
So, yeah, Bobby Black Wolf in chat says escape rooms are the new team building exercise.
My girlfriend is doing one with her company in a few weeks. I've heard of that being used in like a corporate world, too.
How do they get you in the room? Do they say, here's this jail cell for you to walk into? Like what? How do they get you in there?
Well, the one that we went to, I see you're going in of your own volition, but it's just like a long hallway and all the doors on the outside.
They just look normal, look like normal doors. So they're just like, OK, you go in this room for the jail.
And they told us to go in one room and the other team or the other people go in the other room and then you get in there.
It's like, oh, this looks like, you know, a really run down prison cell. They did a really good job.
Interesting. OK. All right. All right. Well, I'm going to let you go so we can try to get more calls.
But thanks for the call. That was. Yeah, I feel like we do need to do an escape room, but I feel like it's only fun if I'm allowed to somehow livestream it or broadcast it.
But I feel like you're never going to be able to do one because when you're in there, they don't let you use your phone at all.
Yeah, I'm sure. I'm sure they don't like it's it's probably they probably watch you, too, huh?
Oh, yeah, yeah, because I actually tonight I called the one here in Elk Grove and I just asked some questions about it, like some escape rooms.
I guess they have the people like I don't know if you want to call them like monitors or whatever, but the person running the game for you.
Sometimes they're in the room, which I think is weird and awkward. But like the one I did and apparently this one here, they actually have cameras in there that they watch you from.
We didn't want you to wreck their shit either, you know. So, yeah, but they also can help you out with clues, like if you're stuck, they can see why you're stuck and give you a clue.
Interesting. Huh. All right. Well, I'm sure it's only a matter of time before I get convinced to go to one of these.
And I'm sure you'll call right back to tell everybody what a horrible bitch I was.
Oh, yeah. I'll be like, we didn't beat it because Rob threw a fit.
I just sat in the middle of the floor and refused to keep going.
Just lock me in here forever, you son of a bitch.
No, you'll just pout in the corner because nobody's listening to you.
Oh, Rob, I don't know. I'd rather do an escape room with like you than some random mofo.
That's true. Who do you want, me or a random mofo?
I don't know, because when we had the parents that were older and the girl with the broken leg, which was not helpful when we had to slide down a slide.
Don't be inconsiderate.
Well, she was inconsiderate to break her leg.
Like, they were a hindrance. They were an extra layer of difficulty on top of the difficulty we already had to work with.
So, you'd just be like, you'd up the difficulty by five because you were there.
Alright, I'm going to let you go so we can get more calls. We'll let people know how it goes. Alright, bye.
Bye.
Alright, 1877 Game OLR, if you want to do it the old fashioned way, or Orange Lounge Radio, all one word on Skype.
But our phones are lighting up, so let's get back to it.
Hi, you're on Orange Lounge Radio. Who's this?
Hey, this is Stoppy. How are you guys doing?
Hey, good. Hi, good to hear from you, Stoppy. What's up?
Hey, not much. I was just going to tell you guys that I went to the Sony Playstation Experience that was in theaters.
Oh, okay, cool. How was that whole setup?
It was a total circus. Just to get there, there was nothing in my city. There were no theaters in my city that were hosting it.
So, I had to go one that was like over 250 miles away because I'm a total Sony pony, so I went ahead and did that.
Is that the name? Wait, the Sony Pony? Do you guys call each other Sony Bronies, too?
We should, we should. Just condense it all to one thing, I guess.
Why not?
Yeah, so it was a nightmare to get up there, but I actually did like the show, and it was really interesting to see the show with all sorts of fans and people around you.
Because, you know how it started with that whole melodramatic orchestra and all that kind of shit?
Yeah.
Well, at home, I would have expected that people are like, oh wow, this is a really impressive performance.
But in theaters, we were all laughing at that. We could not stop cracking up. We were like, are these guys serious? What the hell?
So, it was kind of like a combination of E3 and the Rocky Horror Picture Show.
Exactly, exactly. Yeah, that's a good way of thinking of it. But yeah, it was just absolutely hilarious right there at the beginning.
People were just making fun of it the whole way through. But it was really fun, and there were definitely people who were shocked at certain announcements.
And it was just interesting to see the whole crowd, how they reacted to certain things. I had never seen something like that before.
Did they give you any freebies or anything to take with you, so you could show the world that you're a Sony Pony?
Yeah, yeah. They gave us this cup, which I guess you could get a drink for, but since a lot of us are just nerds, we just collected them and didn't even fill it up.
But then also like a poster, a card, which I have no clue what you're supposed to do with it. It's like this collectible card. I don't know, if anybody wants mine, just get in touch with me.
What did the cup say? Microsoft Tears?
It said, no, it was like E3 experience. It just looked like a really cheap cup that you could get anywhere.
And it's not something I would ever want people to see, so they know my shame of being such a fanboy.
Then they also gave you a digital code, so you could get, I think it was like $10 in Playstation credit, which is pretty cool.
And a whole bunch of other stuff, like the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles movie, all this other stuff.
Okay, I like that. It's kind of like you get a little bit of that gas money back you spent.
Exactly, exactly. I wish.
It was the same problem here. If I wanted to go, I would have had to drive to the Bay Area, which I can't have a 9 to 5 and do that.
It was fine. Shane and I just sat in the living room and watched it. Kind of a lot of the same thing.
We would talk with each other like, oh, is Guillermo del Toro's name going to come up next? How did Norman Reedus' ass go over?
Oh, I'm glad that you asked that, because someone right next to me was this couple.
And you could tell that it was a guy like me who just dragged his girlfriend over, and she was like, oh my God, when is this fucking thing going to end?
So she was quiet the whole time, and I could kind of tell out of the core of my eye that she was looking at a lot of this like, what the hell am I looking at?
Why are people going crazy for this bearded guy who's bald and that sort of thing?
But then once you got to Norman Reedus, she instantly sparked to life right away. I was like, what the hell?
Yeah, he was a big fan amongst many people over there, so yeah.
That's awesome. That sounds like you had a good time. What did you personally enjoy out of Sony's conference? What got you hyped? What got your hype to maximum levels?
I got to say, aside from Kojima's game, maybe the Spider-Man by Insomniac game, because I have been such a fan of just the Spider-Man games, because it's really weird.
I'm not a fan of the movies or the comics, but I'm more of a fan of him as a video game character, because I love a lot of the video games they used to come out with.
Some of them are here in this, but this one, it seems like it is going to be a hit. So if they could just recapture what they did with Spider-Man 2 on PlayStation 2 and Xbox I think it was on,
then it's just going to blow everything away, because that is such a good game, and I trust Insomniac that they could get it right.
No chance to do the VR thing though, right? Even though they didn't have VRs, I guess probably not.
No, I wish, I wish, but no, it was just a wham bam thank you ma'am thing. They just got you in there, got you out, and then that's it.
I guess I better drive home.
Exactly.
So how does the Sony Pony feel about what, because now that's going to be your name, Stoppy the Sony Pony.
How does the Sony Pony feel about what Microsoft and Nintendo brought this year?
I thought that Microsoft's conference was pretty competent. I kind of felt that the Xbox One S or whatever it's called,
I was a little disappointed because it was already revealed beforehand. It was already leaked, so I wasn't really impressed with that.
But as far as some of their other stuff, I thought Sea of Thieves was really interesting, but the people that they got to record with it were by far the most unbearable people on the planet.
But Nintendo, they were okay, but again it was what you expected. It was what, Zelda, then Pokemon, big surprise.
And Zelda's okay, but it just doesn't look like my kind of game. Like I said earlier in the chat, I'm going to need other stuff to get me to get an NX if I get an NX because just having Zelda isn't going to cut it for me. I'd rather just borrow it off a friend if it's just going to be for that alone.
Alright, some of our chatters over at live.vognetwork.com. YYR is suggesting, I hope his real name is Tony so he can be Sony Pony Tony.
No, unfortunately not.
I'm sad to report I can see his name on Skype and it is not Tony. In fact, it doesn't rhyme at all, so sorry about that. But maybe there is a Sony Pony named Tony out there somewhere.
If so, I'll take that domain.
Alright.
Love it.
Alright, yeah, go ahead.
No, no, one last thing. Also Grow Up, I'm so glad that they, no I'm not telling that to the chat, but no, the game Grow Up, I'm so glad that they announced that because I was a big fan of Grow Home.
And it's like my go-to chill game. It's like my Soma. That's why I just plug in so I can just tune out and enjoy myself for a while.
But I'm so glad they got a sequel because a lot of these indie games, they're so great, but they're just not getting sequels. I don't know if the publishers don't think there's a demand there or if the companies just don't have the money.
But I'm so glad that this one's getting a sequel because I remember finishing that game and I was like, I just wish there was more. It's one of those games where I don't want any improvements, I just want more. And now I'm going to get more. So I'm very happy for that.
Yeah, thank you for bringing that to attention because there's a lot of other stuff that was announced too that sometimes doesn't get the spotlight. But yeah, that's part of the reason I play games like Diablo and Path of Exile and all that stuff.
For me, those are kind of like my chill games. Click, click, click, get loot, enjoy. It's very zen. Minecraft I think is a very zen game in my opinion. That's how I approach it.
Alright, well, Tony the Stony Pony. Stony Pony, Stony Pony.
You're trying to incriminate me now, okay? I'm going to get raided by now.
Alright, well I appreciate the call. Thank you very much for calling in and telling us about the Sony experience. I appreciate it.
No problem. Catch you later.
Alright, take care. Bye.
Bye bye.
Do you like how I just called him Tony anyway? Like, sorry buddy. Your name is now Tony. I don't care what they call you.
Alright, 1877 Game OLR or username on Skype. Orange Lounge Radio. All one word. I wanted to check in with Loki real quick and see if there's any last minute stories. Or Dark Soccer if she has any.
Um, sure. And of course we can mention that the Steam Summer Sale will be starting June 23rd running through July 4th.
Oh dear God.
Prepare your wallets.
Prepare your wallets. You can't handle it.
Winter is coming.
Alright.
Winter is coming.
That's right. Didn't GOG do something recently too?
Yeah.
Oh boy.
Yeah they did. And then also, um, apparently CG Product Red has a developer kit, um, or at least is familiar with the developer kit for the NX and says it will be fantastic. So.
Okay.
I guess we'll see.
And The Witcher 3 kind of, you know, pushed the limits. But anyway, our phone is ringing off the hook and some people are not going to get through tonight. I'm so sorry but, um, I guess Misty being here finally ups our popularity. I don't know what it is.
I don't know why. It's only me.
Nobody would call it in the past couple of weeks. Maybe it's E3. I don't know. But we do have another call on the line. Hi. You are on Orange Mountain Radio. Who's this?
Well I would call in more. But I've been busy on the weekend so I am sorry, Rama. I am so sorry.
Rama, all I'm hearing is excuses right now.
Well I am so sorry.
I hope you're doing okay though. Better than your cell phone connection is because you're breaking up a little bit but we'll deal. What's on your mind tonight, buddy?
Well I have to apologize for that. I think my mixer is going to be retired any week now, so.
Well take it out behind the barn and shoot it. But you sound alright for the moment. What's on your mind?
Sweet. Alright, well, first things first. Go to the top of the show, Rob. I want you to know something.
Yes?
You can hold my balls.
You have a pinball machine?
Really? No.
I should get one of those.
Wait a minute. Wait a minute. What pinball machine has black balls in it? I don't...
Well, actually, I will tell you this.
What?
Twilight Zone has white ceramic balls for the Powerball.
Okay.
Because the ceramic balls are lighter and non-magnetic so they're not affected by the magnets in the system.
I'm going to speculate Rama does not have white ceramic balls in his pinball machine.
So you can get black ceramic balls as well.
Oh, I see. Well, I'm glad. Bobby Blackwolf in chat. Delete your account.
Thank you for that. What else did you want to talk to us about, Rama?
Well, you talked earlier about the whole issue with Twitch. People buying the viewer bots and the fake addings in the comments and all of that.
Yeah.
They do it to build popularity numbers because I see this on Facebook, on the like pages, cosplayers.
They're buying likes to build their popularity. It's like, well, I'm so and so cosplayer. I have over 10,000 likes.
I want to be a guest at your convention. And then when you break it down, you notice that they have maybe 2,000 real likes.
8,000 likes are coming out in Mexico City.
And this is a big thing on Instagram, too.
So this is not something unique to Twitch streamers. This is cosplayers. This is probably artists.
This is, you know, not to throw everybody under the bus, but my point is it's not unique to any one community, basically.
Because if you build up your popularity numbers and let's say you're able to, you know, monetize it, make that money.
I've always said it this way. Yes, you may be very popular on social media, but what am I outside of that?
Where is your website where I can see like your videos and stuff, you know, or your cosplayers, this or that?
I'm not going to sit there and like go through your archives to find stuff, you know?
Yeah.
Bobby Blackwolf in chat says, I'd love to have 2,000 real likes.
You know, if we could just buy 50,000 likes on YouTube, we would never have to worry about would we go to E3 or not.
But we wouldn't do that. I mean, because it would feel much better to have those 50,000 likes organically and know that people give a shit about what you're posting rather than, you know, emptiness.
Because it is weird when people have all those likes on YouTube, yet their actual videos only get, you know, a dozen views.
That's for sure.
Well, thank you for reminding us that these issues are much more than just one community. How was E3 for you?
I didn't go to E3.
I know you didn't, but you're watching it at home like everybody else, I'm sure.
Yeah, I did. Well, I didn't bother with the Nintendo press because I knew it was on there.
Between Sony and Microsoft, I thought it was a bit of a tie. I liked what both sides had, basically.
I know I'm getting the Xbox One S, the two terabyte console. That's a wrap.
You're not worried about the whole fact that Scorpio is going to be the big thing a year from now?
The Scorpio is supposed to be for, let's say somebody wants to get into diehard gaming, but they don't have like the 1,500 bucks to put together a powerful desktop.
That's what the Scorpio is supposed to be. And since it's going to be from a manufacturer that can get a good deal, I have a feeling when Scorpio comes out, it's going to be around $600 or $700.
It's going to be pretty much like a high-end gaming console, higher-end graphics card, more RAM, like a higher-tier processor, you know. It's just going to be able to handle everything and then some.
You know, just tin foil hatting, because I love to do that here on OLR. I have no more favorite pastime.
You know, if Sony is going to announce their own thing next year and Microsoft is set to announce the Scorpio thing, I hope Microsoft doesn't put themselves in a position to once again get undercut by Sony on the stage of E3.
I hope they negotiate to go second after Sony or announce at a different time frame or something, just because, you know, and you all can see these headlines coming a mile away.
Is that if PlayStation's Neo or whatever the hell they call it ends up being $100 cheaper than Microsoft's Scorpio, when you talk about these prices, I'm like, wow.
That was just the first thought to my head is that you say, oh, well, Microsoft's going to put it out for $700. I'm going, well, shit, what if Sony does theirs for $600? Then it's going to be E3 from a couple years ago all over again.
See, but here's the thing.
Terraplops be damned.
True that. Now, if supposedly the specs for the PS4 Neo has been leaked and I looked at it, truth be told, that thing shouldn't retail no more than $400.
Now, I can see if the Project Scorpio is higher, if it's like more powerful than what the Neo is.
I understand that price adjustment, but if there's just something slightly more at that cost, then I'm not seeing it.
Me personally, I'm the casual gamer. I have no problem sitting there playing, getting Xbox One S and just playing with y'all and having a good time.
I'm not going to sit there and get a Scorpio, get the top of the line headset, top of the line mouse and keyboard and be like, let's kill somebody.
That's not me, no. I like to have fun and play.
Alright. It's going to be a very interesting E3 next year and in the off cycle.
I'm really curious to see what non-E3 stuff, because for all we know, Sony might pull the curtain on their Neo thing at the PlayStation experience.
Assuming they do a third one, which I don't see why they wouldn't.
Probably. A couple more things I'm going to get out of here.
You were talking earlier about the Real Escape games.
They had something like that here about a year or so ago for Attack on Titan out in Staten Island, and it was pretty fun.
You could actually go with a team of four or they just put people together.
So like a branded thing. It was like a themed escape room.
Yeah. The company's called Scrap. They're the ones who originated the Real Escape games out of Japan and here.
But then now there are other companies popping up doing their versions.
And if you just Google Real Escape games, you'll find different ones and so forth.
I actually think I remember hearing about that Attack on Titan one.
Now that you bring it up, I'm like, I feel like we had a story on this when that first happened.
But anyway, interesting to see how that's kind of all the rage now.
If Shane is to be believed about how fun they are, which I don't see why he wouldn't.
Yeah. Now as for the whole Xbox One, Windows 10 compatibility, it's like this.
If your PC is pretty much the same specs as an Xbox One, you can just get it for PC.
That's where the benchmark is going to be.
As long as your machine has the same specs, pretty much is on par with the console.
And if your machine is not up to par, well then you have Xbox One, well you can go that way.
Alright, fair enough. We'll see how that strategy works out for Microsoft.
It's going to be very interesting, but as somebody who has a pretty nice PC and Xbox One,
I am excited that I only have to buy the damn things once to play wherever I want.
There you go.
Alright. Well, Rama, I'm going to let you go so we can wrap up the show,
but everybody should be listening to Anime Jam Session on Tuesday.
Yes, because we'll be talking about Anime Next 2016, how fun it was.
We were right up the street from the casinos.
Woohoo! Good times.
Alright, my friend, take care.
Alright, you too.
Alright, bye.
Alright.
Those are some good calls tonight.
Sadly, I am going to close the Skype line and we are still getting calls in.
I'm so sorry, but this is a good time for you to email us.
Participate at OrangeLoungeRadio.com, but we are past midnight on the East Coast,
9 o'clock here on the West Coast.
So, I do want to move on with wrapping up the show and getting on out of here for the night,
because some folks have to work tomorrow.
Misty, thank you so much for being here tonight.
I know you didn't get to talk an awful, awful lot, but I really hope you had fun.
It was great to have you here.
It's always fun to see it play out live, huh?
Indeed.
Anything that folks listening should know about how live differs from just listening at home?
Huh?
I'm actually blanking, but it's just cool being here in person.
Well, it was cool to have you here in person.
I really appreciate you being here and have a great rest of your trip.
Hope you get to play a lot more DDR.
Alright, any final thoughts for our listeners tonight?
You know shit's going sideways if I sign up for TSA PreCheck.
You, the train and bus and every other thing is signing up for TSA PreCheck.
Is it that you just don't like flying or you are nervous about it?
For me, it's mostly F-U-T-S-A, aside from being that damn high up in the air.
I think there's a lot of people saying that right now, especially after some of those lines at the airport.
Good luck with that whole process and have a safe trip home, okay?
I will.
Alright.
Hey, as I always say at the end of every episode, thank you so much for listening to Orange Launch Radio.
If you like what you heard here at the show, please tell a friend or five about the show,
because we don't buy our likes, we just ask for word of mouth. That's it.
We could have 5,000 likes if our listeners would go tell all of their friends a thousand times,
but we really appreciate all the support.
A nice five star review goes a long way on a place like iTunes or wherever it is that you found this show.
Thank you guys so much for your support. It means everything.
I forgot to check in if there were any other last minute stories.
No.
I'm just kind of assuming there wasn't. Yeah, okay, good.
So let's wrap it up. Let's say goodnight for the night.
Dark Soccer, do you have any final thoughts for our listeners tonight?
Yes. If you have boys, teach them to ask for consent.
Drunk is not consent.
Drugs are not consent.
Clothes is not consent.
Ask first.
Don't teach your boys to be rapists.
Holy shit, yes.
And when you see a little boy push a little girl in the playground, it's not boys being boys.
It's this boy has hurt a girl.
You teach them that's bad.
That's a trip to the naughty step.
No more of this boys will be boys shit.
That's how you make rapists. Just saying.
My final thought for the night is on a less serious notion.
The popcorn that Misty brought was delicious, and thank you for making me fat.
I appreciate that.
You're welcome.
Last but not least, Loki, your final thought tonight?
My final thought is I got to take time off work tomorrow to fix my stupid refrigerator.
Don't.
Which is going to be awkward because I have to call, like my work, you can't really call in like that.
I mean, so I have to call in and use a sick day, I guess, and lie about why I'm not going to be there.
So tomorrow I could call in and unironically ask you, is your refrigerator running?
No, it's not. It is running. It's just dripping.
Well, go catch it.
But at least we found Iron Man behind the refrigerator, so that's good.
Oh, hooray, hooray.
Because my son threw him like months ago, and I'm like, I don't know where the hell Lego Iron Man is.
Oh, there he is.
Alright, we'll use Iron Man to plug the leak.
Alright, that's going to do it. Thank you guys again for listening to the show.
Hope you all had a great E3.
Hey, guess what? We're going to be back to do it again in seven days.
And if an E3 wrap-up show wasn't fun enough, next week is our fourteenth birthday.
What are you going to buy us? Bring your presents next week.
You know what I'm thinking next week? Because it's been too long.
You know what I'm thinking next week, you guys?
We need to do a game, Nick. We need a list list, a match game.
We need something fun next week. What do you guys say?
A game next week for our birthday? How about it?
Alright, we'll see you in seven days. Have a great week and happy gaming, everybody. Bye.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is a production of OLR Studios.
To join us for a live show, tune into vognetwork.com Sunday nights at 6 p.m. Pacific, 9 p.m. Eastern.
The views and opinions expressed in this program do not necessarily reflect those of the staff of Orange Lounge Radio or VOG Network.
But you know they were all still true.
See you next week.
See you next week.
