Orange Lounge Radio
Who's your hosts? DarkSakura, Skie, and Loki
Tonight, the least surprising intro you hear all year, E3 is here, and by some accounts, it's already begun. One keynote is already complete and there's six more to go. Join us as the news continues to be made even in the middle of the show, where every gamer has a voice.
Orange Lounge Radio
Hello my friends out there on the internet, welcome back to another week of the show where every gamer has a voice. It is Orange Lounge Radio live tonight with episode number 645 for this June the 12th of 2016.
It is E3 week and we are going to get into things here pretty shortly. Of course, we are the show about all things gaming, gaming culture, the gamer lifestyle and all that, live at the Voice Geeks Network, vog and network.com.
Sunday nights at 6 o'clock Pacific, 9 o'clock Eastern, right after the Bobby Black Wolf show. My name is Rob Roberts, you might know me on Twitter at Skie. Joining me by my side, as always, say hello to DarkSakura or Jamie Summers.
Hello, hello.
Hi.
And also over there, Techmaster Loki.
Hello.
Alright, we are going to get into E3 here shortly, but I really need to say something here at the top of the show. And it isn't quite gaming related, but I have to acknowledge and just pour my heart out a little bit for the senseless tragedy that happened in Orlando.
And it's just like, I'm at this point where it's like I don't even have like the words for a radio guy to end up speechless is really something, but I mean this really just affects us all.
And not just the fact that like, you know, I'm a gay guy and we sometimes joke in our community that there's this whole like six degrees of separation in our community, so I feel like, you know, what happened in Orlando, yes it's on the other side of the country, but I feel touched by it as well.
And, you know, it's interesting, I got a very sweet message from a listener on Twitter earlier today that's across the pond and was saying that, you know, hey, I know this is really like nowhere near you, but I'm still like thinking of you.
And I replied back, I said, you really never know how these things can affect people because I'll tell you guys, one of our frequent contributors here at VOG Network, Shane from the Ranger Pride cast, is actually in Orlando right now.
Now he's nowhere, he was nowhere near this, thank God. But I, you know, the first thing I thought when I heard this this morning was that, oh my god, I gotta, I gotta text Shane to make sure. I mean, he's not really the type to go out to these clubs and stuff, but I was still concerned so you know and, and just to hear all this tragedy that has happened is just, I, I don't even know what to say anymore.
Like it's just, I feel like every week there's something horrible that we're talking about and the kind of tie this together to why I want to bring this up as we're about to get into one of our biggest shows of the year on E3.
Inevitably somebody's going to want to tie this over to video games and I just, I, it's, I think you guys all know and I know, you know, it's not the video games.
And why do we continue to do a show like this in the face of all this tragedy and what's going on is, is that I can tell you guys being a gay kid growing up and getting picked on and getting taunted verbally by bullies and sometimes physically and all this stuff
and being threatened and all that stuff. Sometimes video games were very much my escape and my place to go to kind of, I don't want to necessarily say shut out the real world but to kind of like turn away from all that reality.
So I in some ways today when I heard about what was going on in Orlando, I acknowledged it, I got very angry about it but then I had to do something to take my mind off it and that was to go play a video game.
So anyway, I know that was a lot of verbal blah blah blah but I just I really want to get that off my chest that I'm just, I'm so angry and just upset and my heart goes out to all of those affected because like I mentioned before, you know,
and we joke about it in gay culture but it's a part of human culture. We're six degrees separated from these people one way or another. Those were people's children, those were people's uncles, brothers, sisters, and so on.
You know that we're affected by this and I just hope to hell. This country finally, I'm not going to get too political I promise but this country finally does something, something, anything to turn this around and stop this from happening.
Alright, anything you want to add real quick before I shift gears?
Just a fun tweet that I read to you earlier that Canada has had eight mass shootings ever. We've had seven since Monday. We keep having the discussion go around the rhetoric keeps circulating, but no one does anything.
Number one, vote people in who will do something. And number two, don't vote for people who pat themselves on the back congratulatory after 50 people are dead. Just saying.
And Americans, vote. Just vote. Like, I, it's such a huge party.
No one in this country has an excuse not to vote.
For real, because there's other countries.
You can vote from home. It should be mandatory.
There's other people listening in other countries that are probably like, man, I wish I could vote in my country. So anyway, again, I don't want to get too political I do want to say the chat room hello hi live.vognetwork.com and break man in our chat says, every one of us should be angry, gay, straight, bi, pan, everyone should be angry at this.
And I agree. Anyway, like I said, video games, that's how sometimes we escape the fuckery of the real world and so forth. So here we are. Biggest week of the year as far as video games go and a lot to take your mind off today of what's going on, EA starting things off with their press conference, our show going to be
even like earlier this week, it's just been like, well, but there's been announcements. So it's not necessarily league. That's true. It's kind of the I don't want to say the B roll stuff because some of this stuff feels very like I'm very B rolls is kind of like, hey, we've want to have something out before everybody went in to jump the gun a little bit. I think like we got to get the press now before we get drowned in all this other press and so forth. So let's get into our kickoff topic tonight. Again, I mentioned this for a few weeks now, but we are going to be cut short tonight, the Bethesda press conference.
starts at seven o'clock Pacific. It's about 618 Pacific right now. We will be stopping the show right at seven taking an extended break tonight because I just I know we're not gonna be able to compete with that. But you can participate if you do want to get some feedback and chat with other folks live.vog network.com. I promise you it will be more exciting than the twitch chat that Bethesda will have. And much more filtered and so on. So you can check that out. We will be watching that live as well. And then we'll come back and we'll all kind of talk about it.
But for you, podcast folks, when you're used to hearing a three hour show, you're probably gonna get one tonight. That's only like an hour and a half or two hours just because I don't I don't know how long but that do we know if it has to 60 or 90 minutes?
Don't know, we don't know. So we're having to play tonight show a little bit by ear. For that reason, certain segments and things you're used to hearing on the show are not going to be here tonight. Fugal question of the week, rapid fire news, we're going to roll that over to next week. But for now, let's talk about EA's press conference because EA was the first to go today. This is the earliest I think I've ever seen a press conference.
Go during E3 week is that we had a press conference at 1pm today. Pacific time and that was EA talking about what they showed Dark Sakura. I'm gonna go a little out of order here just because I know people want to know Dark Sakura. What'd you think of Mass Effect Andromeda?
Pretty. And there's a lady. So happy.
Yeah, I mean, I have to admit I was a little bit frustrated when they said we're going to tell you more this fall. But here's a behind the scenes look and I already just kind of knew like get set the bar low. I honestly thought they were going to have the game at their EA play event.
Now the question is, do you really think it's coming out in spring of 2017? I don't think it's coming out in spring 2017.
If they're not showing it now, then I have concerns. Now, could EA be withholding for a Microsoft or Sony press conference? I don't think they would have said this fall if that was the case. I think they would have said soon or later.
What exactly is this fall that they would be showing them? And that's my curiosity is that you've also got this big white elephant in the room about the Nintendo NX. So when are they going to show the Nintendo NX?
White elephant is a type of gift exchange. Oh, sorry, pink elephant. Pink elephant is when you're drunk. It's just an elephant. It is a smelly elephant. You are mixing your metaphors.
It is a smelly elephant that won't stop pooping. It is a brown elephant that will not stop leaving gifts behind. I like the brown elephant.
The big brown elephant in the room is, what is happening in the fall? I mean, because we got the Nintendo NX thing too, right? So, and we don't know. I mean, the assumption is they're going to do it with Tokyo Game Show, though Nintendo doesn't do Tokyo Game Show, so they'll bring back their thing.
It could be just, there's a lot of stuff like they're focusing on fourth quarter right now, and maybe that's why they're not really trying to hype up Mass Effect at this time. Because I mean, they've got like a lot of big properties that they're trying to get everybody incentivized to purchase right now.
And Mass Effect is probably just later. It's outside of the window that like the other titles that they were showing off were this year.
I am actually also surprised they didn't show Mirror's Edge. I realize the game just came out, but you've got like, what, a quarter million gamers watching a feed right now. Show us the deals. Remind us that it's in store. I was really surprised they didn't take that opportunity.
Yeah, I don't think they need to do that. Although, if they would have cut out half the banter that they had, they could have had time for another trailer.
Let's run down the list here of what they announced. Titanfall 2, and the big deal there, it's a single player mode.
Well, it's got single player as well.
Oh yeah, it has one.
Last time it was just like, well, it's a multiplayer game. It's a multiplayer only game, and then you can play it solo, and that's your single player campaign.
But this actually has a single player campaign. The new thing is they've got this grappling hook thing that's going to be pretty cool, so you can use the grappling hook to kind of tether yourself to a Titan.
And really, any game that adds a grappling hook is usually better, so that's always a good sign.
And then of course, the multiplayer looks pretty awesome. Yeah, I mean, overall, I am not sure how excited I am about the single player campaign, but it looks nice.
Yeah, it looked gorgeous, and I also caught that grappling hook thing. And you know, I'm not huge on shooters, but with as much as I'm now playing Overwatch, I'm kind of going like, oh, maybe I should try to do some more shooting.
It was fun, and in the last game, they had classes that were kind of catered more towards people that aren't necessarily into shooters.
Like, they had a gun that would auto-target type things, so it was, you know.
That's true. I remember that.
A little bit more, you can kind of play it however you want, and I mean, I don't know. It was alright.
Plus, you can rack up kills on the AI characters that are there, so that kind of helps out as well.
Right. Next up, they showed Madden 17, which, you know, here's the thing, guys.
I know a lot of us are, like, rolling our eyes at, like, the sports thing, but you've got to realize these games are, it may not be the crowd that was listening to this show.
Madden's going to be dead, and they'll still be Madden games.
These games, don't say that. This has been a very cruel year of dark soccer.
Okay, I don't...
But no, I know what you mean. I know what you mean. They will, those games will sell until the end of time.
But that's the point, is that, you know, as much as we all kind of, like, roll our eyes at, oh, here's the Madden game.
It's like, okay, you can't deny these games fucking sell.
Yeah, they're good, but, Mike, I didn't understand what they were trying to push with this.
Like, the whole thing was, we're doing more organized events with Madden 17, and I just was kind of rolling my eyes and scratching my head, like, how's this going to incentivize someone to purchase the game?
I understand, yeah, it's competitive, and that you're doing all these events, and that there's this prize pool, but who cares?
Is it the whole, if you can spend $60 on our game and then get good like these guys we're going to show a little spotlight of, then you too can win a million dollars.
No, you're not.
I kind of got that. I'm like, no, you're not.
No, you're not. These people...
I got that vibe, like, that's the reason why they might show it.
People think it's kind of weird that I sit at home and play Madden all the time to get really good at this, and yeah, I don't know.
Yeah, people think that about a lot of people that sit at home, do something for a long period of time as well, but that's the thing, is these people have that much more time ahead of you on this.
You're not going to all of a sudden catch up to them.
Yeah. I mean, the game looked gorgeous, but I, you know, and I can recognize, like, wow, that's a pretty game, and if I was into football, I'd be really into this.
But, you know, I'm just...
Yeah.
It is what it is.
I don't really know, I mean, because we're going to get into it in just a second here, but I don't really know what they would need to do to a sports game to make me interested in it, because adding more, you know, curated events, that's not doing it for me.
Adding a story mode, that's not doing it for me either.
All right, well, let's get to that.
So, we already talked a little bit about Mass Effect Andromeda.
I just wanted to say, I did think it was gorgeous, and, you know, interesting little glimpses of some characters, but I think there's a lot of assumption that that last female character that does the narration at the end is the quote-unquote new femshep, but hold on.
I mean, it could be, but not necessarily.
It could be a character akin to a Caden and Ashley type of support character.
So, we don't know, but it was nice to at least see even five frames of some new aliens and kind of get a sense of, you know, okay, this is going to be...
This is definitely a series that's going to try to differentiate itself from the main trilogy.
So, I look forward to whenever they're going to finally share more about it, because I just wanted to know, like, is there going to be the multiplayer again?
Are they going to squeeze that in there? Is it going to be as fun as it was in Mass Effect 3?
Yes, they will, because they can add microtransactions.
I guess that's true.
All right, then they talked a little bit about the EA Play charity.
I don't know how much that discussion you caught, but they kind of talked about that there was, like, meta-achievements in the games, and they were going to donate money based on the achievements that people were getting in the games.
And I thought it was a nice gesture. I thought it was cool. And I think this is something that a lot of people have been calling on is just, you know, throw diversity a frickin' bone.
And so, I kind of think EA stepped up to the plate with that.
And they were very supportive of these charities that support getting more women into the industry, getting more diverse voices, you know.
And I think some of those coding charities are also about, like, I think...
Sorry, I don't have all my charities memorized, but I think some of them are about getting, like, kids involved in instruction in school, too.
So that's cool. I mean, I can't sit here and go, you know,
Oh, God, EA, what a bore. I can't be cynical about that. Like, that's cool that they're, you know, gonna...
Gaming for good is always exciting.
Okay, and then I think the game you were referencing a minute ago, Loki, FIFA 17, right?
Yeah, FIFA 17. And they had, like, a bunch of new modes in there and enhancements and stuff.
But the big thing they were showing was, like, the story mode, which the other games have done that before.
Like, the NBA 2K series sort of does that, but it's not all dramatic like that.
The problem that bothered me about it is they drag it out so long during the conference.
Like, this dude comes out and he's like,
You don't know who I am, but I'm, you know, I'm this person and you're gonna know my name.
I'm like, I don't fucking care who the hell you are.
It was a little melodramatic. I was like,
Well, here's the thing. Okay, all that being said, though, I have to admit, I'm not super into sports games.
I'm not super into FIFA. But when they were showing that trailer, I was like,
This is kind of, like, I'm kind of living for this. Like, this is some, like,
Empire level of Dallas of the, what do you call that? The real, like, melodrama type of stuff.
You know what I mean? The melodramatic type of, like, over the top drama.
That's, like, in those shows. I was kind of, like, seeing a little bit in that trailer and I was like,
I can kind of go for this. I'm digging this. So, yeah, I was-
I just didn't get it. You know, being a person that I'm not, like, into sports games,
it's not getting me into sports games. And that's the thing. It's like, I don't know,
like, these games that are coming out now, like, the Madden with the, you know,
the additional competitions and stuff that are gonna be curated by EA and stuff.
And then this FIFA with the story mode and stuff. How is that generating more of an audience for your game?
Because, like, the people that are fans of the game are gonna be buying the game anyways.
I just don't think this is gonna be like, Oh, you know what? I wanted a story mode.
That was the last thing I was waiting for. You know, like, hey, I really wish there was more Madden competitions
because that was really the only thing, you know, my barrier of entry to that series.
To be honest, though, I did go from, and no one curr, to, well, maybe I'd red box it.
Which is a step up. I gotta admit. But, you know, you have a lot of chatters saying right now, you know,
obviously FIFA is their biggest game. There's a very intentional reason why they did that from Europe.
Which also, I think, explains- because, you know, when they said the press conference was gonna be at 1 o'clock,
I think a lot of us were like, that seems really early. Well, they timed that so that it would be 9 o'clock in the UK.
So they- there was some intent there that they definitely were doing a press conference that overseas could see as well,
which is way more into soccer. But yeah, when they started bringing out the, um, the co- I think-
I don't even know who they are. Sorry, the coach? Coaches? Managers? Managers, yeah. The teams?
I, you know, I have to admit, I kind of glazed over, like, I literally have no idea who these people are.
But I guess people are gonna be really excited to see them in the game if you're into soccer.
So, but I have friends here who are, like, that go to the SAC Republic FC stuff all the time.
So, eh, they might be into this. But, you know, again, it's gonna sell like crazy no matter what.
Um, okay, so, so none of that stuff that I- well, the EA play was a pleasant surprise, but otherwise,
nothing I've mentioned was a surprise. All that stuff we expected.
Uh, so the first thing that really caught our eye as something new is when they came out and talked about EA Originals,
and they kind of showcased a game called Fee, which, um, looked a little to me like Journey meets Ori and the Blind Forest type of thing.
Like, there was- there was the art- the art going into it. Um, I mean, but we didn't really get to see a whole lot of what the raw gameplay looks like.
I mean, we just kind of got some bits and pieces, but it definitely looks like EA wants to push, like,
we're not just these big sports- you know, EA- EA's gotten a bad rap in the past, and so I kind of feel like,
okay, they are trying to listen to this a little bit, they're trying to help with the diversity initiative and all this stuff,
and they've always been very supportive of GLBT and all this stuff, you know, they're right there marching the pride parade and all that.
Um, and now they're kind of talking about we want to support these, we're not some big evil studio,
we want to support these low growing things and nurture them, uh, on their first game to success.
I did like that they said, basically, that they're not taking any sort of the pro- like, there's no profit sharing with it,
so any of the games that they do choose for that, it's basically, they're just giving them some money to get, you know, elevated,
and then that's it, it's EA, you know, and they're gonna publish it, but nothing's gonna be taken from the publisher- or the, uh, developer, which is kind of nice.
So that's kind of neat, so, um, I- that was the first part, I was like, okay, this is cool, like, this is something new, I'm into this,
I was surprised they only showed one, because I kind of thought this EA Originals was gonna be a multitude of games,
but they only showed this one for whatever reason, maybe this is the only one that's ready to go, I'm not sure.
Um, okay, so after the EA Originals was the Star Wars stuff, which, it was cool to see Sacramento, did you see that?
Yeah, I saw Sacramento.
Capital Games, shout out.
I saw that, I was like, woo, Capital Games!
I knew they did mobile stuff down there, I did not realize it was Star Wars they were working on.
Yeah, they're, they're, um...
I, I honestly thought they did the Dragon Age game that Jamie always talks about, I thought that was them.
They may have, I don't remember, but, yeah, they're, um, BioWare Mobile?
Well, yeah, at one point they were a BioWare, they were BioWare Sacramento, and then they changed to Capital Games, or just EA,
and so they're doing Star Wars, but anyway, I mean...
That's still huge, I mean, yeah.
Oh yeah, for sure, but to be fair, in that whole clip, I'mma be real, the, the greater clip that showed everything, besides the hometown shoutout,
I was kinda like, this is a whole lot of nothing.
The Visceral Games one looks pretty awesome, like what they, the very, like, two seconds that they showed of it looks pretty sweet.
And that was, that was, uh, Lando we saw in Battlefront, right?
That was Battlefront, yeah.
That's like the one thing I was like, oh cool, and then...
But no, the Visceral one looks pretty awesome, that's gonna be that third person action game stuff, but...
Did it, was it me, or did, like, Jade seem very, like, fake, excited about it?
It's just like, it's just like, off, somehow.
It's, it's nerves, because the guy that was demonstrating F.E.A. was also very, very, very nervous, I'm sure.
Well, that guy could understand, because you're like an indie developer, almost, and you're like in a press conference for EA, he's like, uhhh...
You know what, not everybody, just because you're good at managing games doesn't mean you're necessarily good at speaking in front of a crowd.
So, and, um, I think with good reason, there's a lot of pressure to make sure we have women on the stage and diversity on the stage.
So I think whether she really wanted to be up there or not, she probably needed to be.
So, um, maybe it was nerves. I didn't, I didn't get that same, I mean, I kind of just, the only problem I had with it is that it was a whole lot of nothing.
I kind of more got the impression she was just selling a whole lot of, stay tight, like, that's all I really got from her.
Yeah.
And the package in general, so.
And I think it's still stupid that they're making another Battlefront game after this last one came out and had, like, hardly any content.
And they're like, eh, it's gonna have the content from the new movie. It's like, yeah, that's awesome.
I think the people that bought the original Battlefront would probably like that content as well.
Yeah.
I think, oh no, fuck them. They're gonna have to buy a new game.
And then lastly, Battlefield 1, which looked really pretty, but again, a lot of, not my kind of thing, but Loki, this is your kind of thing. What did you think?
I thought it looks really cool. And I actually watched after the thing was over, they had, like, a live stream of their, the first multiplayer gameplay from it.
So they had a bunch of celebrities and, like, other, you know, players playing. It was 32 on 32.
Oh, okay. That's cool.
So they had this, they were filling it in. It wasn't just all celebrities. It was, like, half of, like, esports guys and YouTubers.
And they were half, you know, Twitch streamers and the other half was, like, celebrities.
When they showed Zac Efron, did he not want to be there?
Oh, God. He was, like, not excited at all. And then, like, same.
But I heard some people that were watching the feeds saw Snoop Dogg and he looked really into it.
Yeah, he's, like, totally into it.
Snoop Dogg's a hella gamer, though. He's talked about it.
And Terry Crews is awesome. I mean, Terry Crews is just, he's just a hilarious guy.
But, like, he was just, like, getting all into it and shit. And so, it looked awesome.
And, like, everything that they were talking about, like, the destruction and everything being very dynamic was in there.
And they kind of showed off, you know, one of the blimps coming down and everything.
It looks awesome. It looks pretty cool. I definitely want to check it out when it comes out.
I'm not really into the modern Battlefield games too much.
But I'm willing to check this out because it looks pretty, it looks nice.
It looks different and it'd be kind of fun to try it out.
So, last overall thoughts of EA's press conference.
Dark Soccer, I don't think, you only really saw the part you wanted to see.
But do you have any, you've listened to us kind of banter a little bit. Anything?
I've been getting my hair done.
Priorities.
Well, I already had this scheduled.
Her hair looks gorgeous, by the way.
Yeah, because Monet rocks.
But based on what we heard and any thoughts on the thing as a whole?
Mass Effect.
Loki?
Honestly, as I was agreeing with somebody on Twitter, I can't remember who said it.
They gave the conference a D+.
I think that's kind of where I'm at with it. It was very average and ho-hum.
There was nothing really, the gameplay for Battlefield was kind of nice.
But it was, we already kind of had a trailer of that.
It was just kind of nice to see it actually confirm that, yeah, it does sort of look like that.
But overall, there was nothing really surprising.
There wasn't anything like, ooh, any real big exciting announcements.
It was just kind of, eh.
Yeah, that's kind of where I'm at, is that it was very, very par for me.
And maybe because they're out the gate first, maybe there's something they have to kind of keep under wraps for the Sony or Microsoft.
That is true. There could be something.
And usually they go after, so there could be something going on there.
We won't know until after Monday.
But I would say it's almost below par for me.
I would say a more like C- for me, which isn't really far off from what you gave it.
Because just the fact that, you know, they were out there talking Star Wars, but didn't really give us a lot.
They were out there talking Mass Effect, but really didn't give us a lot.
I'm surprised they didn't mention anything Maxis.
I mean, I granted, or even PopCap.
PopCap was completely missing too.
Yeah, no PopCap, no Maxis.
Well, didn't they close Maxis?
Yeah, okay. But I mean, there's somebody making Sims games, I would assume.
True.
They're still going to carry on the franchise, and there's nothing PopCap related at all.
That's true. The Sims was completely missing.
Which is a bit of a, you know, I don't know if we're right around the corner from The Sims 5.
But I am kind of surprised there's kind of nothing in that franchise, you're right.
So, okay. Well, that is our thoughts on EA.
And going to chat over at live.vognetwork.com.
Lots of different comments in chat.
Let's see, talking about Snoop Dogg being into video games.
Act F says Snoop Dogg is fo-shizzle into video games.
I think that they were showing, and someone had mentioned this.
I don't know, I'm not one to identify drugs, but I think that they said that he was smoking a blunt while playing the game.
Cut!
They actually had video of that happening, too.
He is smoking something, let's put it that way.
He's got a card, you know he has a card, Wink.
He does, but it's awesome.
He's got stress or, you know, back pain or something.
Stoppy in chat over at live.vognetwork.com says,
I'm not into multiplayer, this is about Battlefield, but it was pretty damn cool.
A lot of shit going on at once.
That's the thing, even though I'm not into multiplayer because I know they get my ass handed to me pretty quickly,
but the single player campaign looks pretty awesome, too, from the cinematics and stuff that they're showing.
VidPower talking about Jade Raymond saying,
Haven't seen Jade Raymond in the spotlight for five years, good for her.
That's a good point, is that she hasn't done this in a while, so maybe that's why, you know.
I cut the executives a little slack.
Not everybody is born to get up in front of all the people.
That's why Reggie Fils-Aime is a great face for Nintendo.
And no, I'm not afraid of multiplayer, I just know my level of gameplay in multiplayer.
One more comment here, then we'll move on.
Kaijuto says, The reason why so many Star Wars games suck is because the devs try to be storytellers,
and they forget about making a fun game.
Leave the story to the movies.
Let's get into our gaming weeks quickly.
We're going to run through this quickly. How was your gaming week, Dark Sakura?
I played World of Warcraft.
How's that been going?
It's been really fun. I think the thing that I like the best about doing my quests there,
is that I don't have to freaking go all over the world to do the quests I'm doing.
I can stay in a particular area and get them done.
And so it's felt a lot more streamlined and less disjointed,
and there hasn't been that particular level gap between being able to do things,
where I'd just have to grind until I was at a level that I could do the next level,
and not have to be locked for it.
So it's been pretty awesome that way.
And I'm having a good time. I'm having a really good time.
I just miss everybody who used to play.
You're playing with the Game Boy guys though, right?
The Game Boy.org guys?
I sometimes see Jon sometimes.
Okay, when they're on. Fair enough.
Yeah, I just wish everybody was back, then it would be more fun like it used to be.
Anything else for your gaming week?
Just the other usuals.
Loki.
I really didn't play that much this week,
because I've been still very exhausted after work and kids and all that.
So really the only thing I've been playing is just mobile games, which is weird.
Still playing Ingress just the minimal amount so that I can keep my Sojourner thing going,
until it finally platinums out or whatever, and then I don't have to play it anymore.
And then I've been playing Pokemon GO quite a bit.
I'm up to about two-thirds of the way to level seven.
So I've been playing that.
And that's just mainly because I've had to go to a lot of parks and stuff with kids,
and it's a good way to kill time.
Plus at home you can still play it at home,
because you can put the incense thing on you,
the track the Pokemon to you and double the XP with the Lucky Egg.
And then that way you can just sit on the couch and play it occasionally when they come up to you and stuff.
So it's just a good time waster, I guess.
It's all right.
It's still very buggy, though.
I complain about it all the time with people.
Yeah, I wish I'd played something more significant, but I've just been so damn tired.
And then in the time that I have been awake, I've been trying to work on my game,
which I'm not getting very much progress there because I do end up falling asleep while I'm working on it.
My Gaming Week.
I've been playing Final Fantasy XIV, which got a patch this week, the 3-3 patch,
so an expansion on the story.
I'll keep it spoiler-free, but very, very epic.
Although the content this time is pretty unforgiving.
We tried to do the new trial.
There's a brand new eight-person fight in it, and it's hard.
We tried to do it, like five of us and a few pickup people, and we couldn't beat it.
We got it down to 2%, still couldn't beat it.
Which I don't think all the content needs to be gimme.
I think you do have to bang your head on the wall a little bit,
but I was a little surprised because that's a big step up in difficulty for Final Fantasy.
But we'll get there, I know it, and it'll feel real good when we do beat it, finally.
But seriously, the story, phenomenal.
One of the better Final Fantasy games in the series, it really is.
And also been playing Overwatch.
Still been kind of going with that.
And Alan's been super getting into Overwatch now, too.
In fact, he is double my level and then some.
So we play once in a while.
Sometimes he plays a lot right before I go to bed,
and I don't always want to binge game right before bed,
but we've been able to pop on, and there'll be some people that'll be on,
and we'll kind of do some matches here and there.
But I am enjoying Overwatch still.
Just a lot of fun, and there's still some characters I want to play.
And I got myself, or I should say Alan bought me,
because he was buying another pop figure,
but he got me the Winston doll, the pop figure doll.
It's big, because it's Winston. I like it, it's cute.
That was pretty much it for my Gimme Week, though.
So just some quick housekeeping.
We will be back with a full show next week to wrap up E3.
I do believe a longtime OLR listener and fan,
Misty, is going to be here in the studio to help us recap E3
and run down all that.
And then in two weeks, our 14th birthday here at Orange Lounge Radio.
The 14th anniversary of Orange Lounge Radio
will be the same day as my actual birthday, June the 26th.
How about that?
All right, so let's try to do some news here.
We're going to do just one or two, maybe three stories,
and then we're going to get to the Classic Game of the Week
and make our way to the next press conference.
Loki, start us off tonight.
So, you know, as each year,
a lot of announcements get leaked ahead of time,
and it's usually the fault of the company
that's actually going to be doing the announcement.
And in this case, Microsoft, being Microsoft, decided that,
hey, let's go ahead and put that pre-order page up for the new Xbox Slim.
Whoops, that's not supposed to go up yet.
So, yes, we got to...
They did this last year, by the way.
I don't know if you remember, but they totally ruined last year.
So, I don't know if it's on purpose,
if it's just like a leak, quote, unquote.
But basically, it's an Xbox.
They call it the Xbox One S.
It is 40% smaller.
It has a two terabyte hard drive.
It supports 4K Ultra HD video,
a high dynamic range,
and a streamlined controller,
and also has a vertical stand.
And the game system itself looks pretty similar to it was before,
although the mesh on the bottom looks a little bit different,
and it's not so VCR-looking this time.
So, it is definitely slimmer-looking,
and apparently also maybe looks like a USB port
and an infrared sensor on the front.
So, that's all we know about it so far.
No word on what the cost is going to be or anything,
but we will find out tomorrow for that, I'm assuming,
since I'm assuming this is right around the corner
since they're taking pre-orders for it.
And, yeah, so is this the same as the souped-up system?
No.
Because it has the 4K video.
The rumor was originally that they're going to be redesigning the original system,
so they're going to be shrinking it down, which is this,
and then the new system would be something different.
It'd be separate skew altogether.
Okay, so the 4K video kind of ended up being a surprise bonus then in this.
I guess, yeah.
I don't think this is the souped-up system.
That wouldn't make...
I don't think that's the same thing.
No, yeah, because the souped-up system was talking about new chips and stuff,
and that's not what we're seeing.
Yeah, I don't think that's this,
although I am kind of curious to see what the difference would be
if how one would support and the other one wouldn't,
unless that's just going to be something that they patch in for all the systems.
Good thought.
Which could be.
I mean, I would imagine spec-wise it's probably the same.
Is 4K? I don't have a 4K TV.
Is it still just an HDMI cable?
It's still HDMI, but I think it may...
I don't really know.
Because I was thinking maybe there's a physical port on the back that's different.
I don't know.
To be honest, I don't know.
I don't have a 4K TV, nor am I not.
Anyone in chat know?
I'm not too interested in getting one just yet.
I think it's way too early.
I don't know how much 4K content is out there.
And to be honest, the 1080 stuff that comes over,
you know, with Netflix and everything,
it's not always that great-looking anyways,
so I don't really think I need that just yet.
Besides the file size and everything and bandwidth, no thanks.
Yes, this new Xbox One sounds great if you waited.
But for me, it's kind of a...
Well, here's the thing too, though.
I did wait.
I haven't purchased an Xbox One yet.
I'm still hoping we hear something about Crackdown this year.
My thing is, though, is...
And this is also the same...
It's got me on the fence too about PlayStation VR.
It's like, what's it going to mean with these new systems
that are going to be coming out?
In fact, I wanted to see something real quick here.
I don't remember if it's part of the show.
It is not part of the show.
Oh, maybe it is.
Okay, so yeah, I don't know what exactly it means, though,
with these new systems coming out.
Is it just going to be an upgrade that they do every now and then?
I know that they're saying that these older systems
are going to still be able to support the same content,
but is it going to be supporting it
just like the 3DS did with Hyrule Warriors,
where it plays good on one
and doesn't play that great on the other?
I kind of want more information about that
before I jump into that stuff.
All right, well, another big thing
that was announced ahead of E3,
not leaked, but announcement,
y'all, I was happy about this.
Final Fantasy XII Remaster.
It's happening. It's true.
I'm so excited about this.
Final Fantasy XII The Zodiac Age
will be coming out on the PlayStation 4.
This is going to be a remaster
based on the International Zodiac Job System,
so similar to what we got with the Final Fantasy X Remaster,
and it looks gorgeous,
and I'm so, so happy this game is getting a second chance.
I never played XII, really.
I'm so happy this game is getting a second chance
because Final Fantasy XII on PlayStation 2
came out right when the Xbox 360 did,
so I think a lot of it got lost in that whole shuffle,
so I'm really happy this game is getting a second chance.
The battle system is really, really fun.
It's different.
It's not what you're used to in the old-school games,
but I love it.
Although, with XV coming around,
it seems kind of similar to XV almost.
Yeah, I guess, but...
Or is it more Kingdom Hearts?
Honestly, not to get you too excited,
it felt more like XI's battle system
than anything else. It really did.
Yeah, I know you've mentioned that before.
I know that sounds weird, but it really feels like XI's,
and I loved programming the gambits for your supports
because you can tell them, like,
oh, at 20% health, start healing,
otherwise attack, use fire if the mob is weak.
You can set all this crazy stuff.
It's really cool.
They're talking high-resolution upgrades
for movie scenes, fonts, 7.1 channels surround support.
Why don't they have that in the MMO?
You should be able to hire support characters or something
and then be able to program them like that.
That would be pretty awesome.
English and Japanese voices,
you'll be able to switch between them.
Original and newly re-recorded backgrounds,
you'll be able to switch between them.
Shorter load times, autosave, and speed mode,
and speed mode operability.
So I'm really hyped for this.
I'm really, really, really excited about this.
So, yay.
Looking at the chat over at live.vognetwork.com,
DarkTetsuya says,
This reminded me of a conversation I had with someone
about the possibility of a 12 remaster.
I tried to finish 12,
but even after using a GameShark to get myself unstuck,
I still couldn't finish the game,
so I hope the HD version fixes some of the problems I had.
And BobbyBlackWolf saying Final Fantasy 12
was my favorite Final Fantasy soundtrack.
It was really, really good.
I'm curious on 11 Mobile now,
which, whenever that information's supposed to come out,
because I know they're supposed to be doing something with that.
Before we get to the classic game of the week,
Dark Soccer, you want to quickly tell us about what you had.
Huh?
Your story up next.
Before we get to the classic game of the week.
Oh my gosh, I'm so sorry.
That's okay.
I have to say that I've still been reading up about what's gone on.
I understand.
There's definitely a lot weighing on our minds today.
So sorry about that.
So, I've actually known people who were affected by this
that Fallout 4, for some reason, showed up free.
Who knows?
It was apparently just a pricing error.
I know someone who is affected by this too.
Okay.
They might be sitting across from you.
Really?
So, Microsoft said that for those who downloaded Fallout 4 for free,
the licenses are revoked.
Too bad.
But they are going to give everyone $10 in their Microsoft account
as an inconvenience payment.
Why not just own it and let them keep Fallout?
Because they can do that.
They have the ability to do that.
And people knew that it wasn't like,
oh, I thought it was free.
It was more like, hey, it's free now.
Go download it before they catch it.
I mean, the Digital Deluxe version was free too, which is like $100.
And at some point, Bethesda is hemorrhaging a lot of money.
It was the same thing with, what was it?
It was with, what's that, Harmonics game?
Amplitude.
They did it with Amplitude.
And I didn't gain fucking $10 from Sony.
All right.
Well, look, and before I get nasty emails,
we already bought Fallout 4.
We just had it on PC.
Alan has it on PC.
It was kind of one of those things where I was like,
well, I'm curious, but no big loss.
If I want to borrow it now in Steam library, I can.
I've got the console version.
No.
All right.
Let's get to the classic game of the week.
Back before there was digital storefronts.
Or maybe, actually, maybe not this week.
Maybe when there was digital storefronts.
I forgot.
It's only got to be 10 years old.
We're going to take a trip back in time,
and Dark Soccer's going to find a game that she thinks, hey,
you guys should be playing this game this week.
So Dark Soccer, in the spirit of E3.
Yes, in the spirit of E3.
What is this week's classic game of the week?
Half-Life 2, Episode 1.
Which, yes, I've done Half-Life, and I've done Half-Life 2.
But I'm doing Half-Life 2, Episode 1.
Is there a certain reason you have Half-Life on the brain
right now?
Is there a particular reason?
Well, you know, we always speculate,
because there's a 3 in E3.
So I'm just saying.
So maybe this isn't the first time you'll hear about Half-Life.
Half-Life 3 confirmed.
Oh, my God.
Oh, my God.
Half-Life 3 confirmed.
Exactly.
So we all know what Half-Life is.
It's a first-person shooter.
This starts exactly from where Half-Life 2 ended.
And it continues the game of Gordon and Alex and Dog
going through their adventures and a cliffhanger ending.
And I just picked it, because it came out June 1 in 2006.
That's how old Half-Life 2, Episode 1 is.
That's how long we've been fucking waiting.
Well, not true, because there's an Episode 2, but still close.
We've been waiting a long time for Half-Life, Episode 3.
But one of the special things about this, though,
is that it does have an improved AI for Alex, in particular,
in the game.
And it was the upgraded version of the source engine
that had better lighting effects and different facial animation
technology.
And then it allowed the AI enemies
to also use different fighting tactics.
So it definitely added some more challenges, too.
And it added more settings to the game.
So it definitely was a big addition to the series.
And it would definitely be worth mentioning.
But we're still waiting.
Still waiting.
And that's it.
Still waiting for that day.
There it is, your classic game of the week, Half-Life 2,
Episode 1.
To register participation for this week's episode
of Orange Land Radio at vognetwork.com,
use the passphrase, skate.
So we got like five minutes here before we have to cut over
to the Bethesda conference.
So maybe we can squeeze in release dates real quick?
Do you think we can travel around the world,
check out release dates?
Because there's probably not a lot this weekend.
No, there's not a lot.
Unless there are surprises.
That's the thing to cross your fingers for.
True, yeah.
Some surprises.
Some surprises.
But so far, what's on the plate, Dead by Daylight on PC,
Dreamfall Chapters Book 5 Redux on PC, Mac and Linux.
That is it.
On June 13th, cat lateral damage for PlayStation 4 in the UK.
And that's it?
Yeah.
All right.
Well, let me, I'm running over to Japan real quick.
Run, run, run.
And checking what's coming out of there in Japan.
It looks like it's a little busier over there this week.
On the 16th, on PlayStation 4, you have Root Letter
is out in Japan this week.
Again, on the PlayStation 4.
And then traveling over to the Wii U.
Still slow this week.
The next big release in Japan is Minecraft Wii U edition on the 23rd.
Meanwhile, on the PlayStation Vita,
we have Hakoyuki, Shinkai Hana no Shu,
as well as Root Letter is out on the Vita.
So you have those to look forward to this week.
And then lastly, wanting to check the DS
to see if there's anything on the DS this week.
Oh, Taiko no Tatujin Doko Don Mystery Adventure.
That's right.
A Taiko no Tatujin game that is like an adventure game.
It's not your typical Taiko no Tatujin.
But don't be fooled.
You still have the drum beats and all that good stuff in it.
But this one's going to be a little more of a hybrid game.
So there you go.
That is your Japanese releases for this week.
All right, guys.
We're going to take a quick break.
And when we come back, we will hopefully...
Skyrim HD, you think?
Hopefully?
Possibly.
So you want me to say something?
Elder Scrolls VI?
Come on.
Hey, Oblivion was 2006.
Skyrim was 2011.
Maybe?
Maybe?
It's about time.
Set the bar to realism.
But we know Dishonored 2.
We're about to see.
Dishonored 2, I mean, the stuff that they think was very likely so far.
So Dishonored 2, obviously, is going to be there.
They've got, let's see, Dishonored 2 Fallout 4 DLC, Doom DLC,
Elder Scrolls Online updates, Elder Scrolls Legends,
and then some rumored, Wolfenstein 2, The Evil Within 2,
Prey 2, Skyrim Remastered, and maybe Quake, but probably not.
All right.
Do we know if it's 60 or 90 minutes?
We don't know, do we?
Don't know.
All right.
So we will be back when the Bethesda press conference is over.
Stay tuned.
Don't go anywhere.
For you podcast folks, it's going to be a time warp.
We will be right back.
Welcome back, everybody, to Orange Lounge Radio.
Live tonight, June the 12th of 2016, our 645th episode already in progress.
We had a nice big break as we were watching the Bethesda press conference
together as a group.
What did y'all think?
I kind of thought it was pretty good.
You know, they did a really good job hyping their games and showing a lot of gameplay.
I almost think they showed too much gameplay towards the end, but that's just me.
I know some people are way more into the Dishonored stuff than I am,
but I thought they did a, I thought, especially contrasted to EA earlier today,
which was a lot of, I think, more talk.
I think they did a great job.
It wasn't as exciting as last year, I think, but it was still very good.
Yeah.
Yet another game I might have been interested in,
but there was no mention of a female protagonist.
Which game was that?
Prey.
Ah, yeah, Prey.
That one was interesting because, well, with Prey, I mean, I remember the older game,
and I think a lot of us were anticipating Prey 2, but this game they showed,
I mean, I know Prey was kind of like a sci-fi hybrid thing.
It seems like a reimagining, but I'm still not interested.
There was a lot of Native American culture tie-ins in the old game,
and I don't know if that's going to still be there.
But even in the supposed Prey 2 that they were showing didn't look anything like Prey,
so I don't know. I guess it's not a big deal.
Let's go down the list. We'll revisit Prey in a moment,
but let's go down the list of everything they showed.
This one really surprised me, especially because they opened with this,
and they didn't close with it.
The closer was kind of, okay, that's it, bye.
I'm kind of surprised they didn't close with this.
But they opened big with Quake Champions, so Quake is coming back.
DarkSakura, were we talking about this just last week?
More Quake? Here we go.
I said it would be nice.
So Quake Champions, which to me kind of feels like,
oh, they might have seen what was going on with Overwatch,
that people really like these characters that are very fleshed out.
They're a first-person shooter, and maybe this is their own kind of spin on that.
I don't know. That's kind of what I took away from it.
But at least for me, Quake has not particularly been a character-driven game before,
but it looks like they're going to really try to change that with this new one.
But it looks sweet.
I was kind of surprised to see it so soon after Doom.
What did you think, Logie?
I thought it was all right. I'm not a huge fan of Quake,
but it looks decent.
I mean, it's an arena shooter, so I wish it was an actual Quake game,
not just this kind of arena, multiplayer-focused game, I guess.
More of an actual storyline Quake game.
But whatever. That's fine.
Next up, obviously they didn't show a lot of gameplay,
but with their QuakeCon coming up, they're probably saving the big reveal for that.
Elder Scrolls Legends, the card game, they showed a little bit of that,
which, again, not to keep saying Bethesda wants to be Blizzard,
but this looked a lot like Hearthstone to me,
especially when they were saying it's tablets now, too.
Yeah, a big meh from me because I just don't give a shit about those types of games.
Yeah, I have to say, as much as I love Elder Scrolls,
I was not really, you know, but I get there are people super into trading card games
that are going to be really excited about this.
So, you know, different stuff for different people.
The Fallout 4 add-ons, so they talked a little bit about Fallout 4 after that,
and then showed off some of the add-ons.
Yeah, the contraptions thing was pretty funny.
The add-ons are just going to be fantastic.
I mean, just with all the stuff you can do in the game
and now that you can create elevators and stuff and make contraptions,
I can only imagine all the YouTube videos are going to come out from that.
The other part was torturing Mama Murphy like that.
That was fantastic. So, yeah, that was pretty awesome.
Yeah, and, you know, again, I don't know the Fallout 4 world super, super well.
I've kind of watched Alan play a little bit of it,
but I did think that the theme park thing looked pretty funny, too.
That was something that has been rumored to be coming out for a while now.
Even, like, with the original, with Fallout 4, they had, like,
it was in one of the updates that said Nuka World,
leaked actual, like, it was like an internal email that came out in 2014 or 15
was saying something about Fallout Nuka World.
So, it was something that they've been planning from the get-go,
but it'll be neat to check out, like, an actual, another expansion.
I still hope you have to play Far Harbor, so I'm looking forward to that.
But, yeah, more expansions.
And then, obviously, they're feeling a lot of love with the Fallout Shelter,
and they're talking about now Fallout Shelter is going to be a PC game,
but then I thought it was all too interesting that they're bringing the vault into the Fallout 4 game.
Yeah, so you can make your own vault, which is pretty awesome.
Even DarkSakura piped up, she went,
I want a vault!
Speaking, then you can experiment.
It appeals to my Sims house building love.
And you can experiment on your, you know, vault guests, if you will,
so that's pretty awesome.
Let's see, so then, big announcement, Skyrim HD is real,
and it's October 28th is when it's coming back.
Looks like mod support will be a part of it as well.
Yep, that'd be awesome. I would pick that up.
They're going to be able to charge you 60 bucks for that all over again, I bet.
Probably.
Yeah, that's going to be, I wonder if that'll last a long time,
or if that'll start to fall in price pretty quickly.
I would imagine it'd fall pretty quickly.
They've been pretty good at discounting some of their games,
like Wolfenstein was like 20 bucks, not too long.
And they discount that stuff pretty often, so.
Very curious how PC is going to take that,
because modding has already made PC Skyrim HD.
Yeah, I mean.
There's textures and stuff, so kind of interesting
how they're going to resell that to the PC audience.
I think it's more of a console thing.
I don't know if, I'd be surprised if they actually released it on PC.
I'm pretty sure there were three boxes on the screen.
So, it wasn't Wii U.
Of course not.
I don't know.
They could, they could try it, I guess.
I don't know why you would purchase that again.
It could be something like a lot of times when they do
like an HD remix like that or something,
they may just put it out like for 20 bucks on PC.
You know, like really cheap.
Right.
Well, I'm curious if all the expansions are bundled in as well.
That is going to sweep the pot for those that maybe never picked those up.
It would be all the expansions bundled in,
but I'm thinking if they do re-release on PC,
they're not going to charge like 60 bucks for it.
It's just going to be like 20 or something.
It's inexpensive.
They've done that in the past with other like HD
or like collectors, not collectors,
like game of the year editions or definitive editions.
They'll be, you know, console obviously is going to be more expensive
because it's a new game for that platform,
but for PC, since it's already been out,
it's more of just kind of a compilation.
Oh, Defective Candy calls us out in chat
over at live.fognetwork.com saying the nice thing is
if you own Skyrim and all its add-ons
or own Legendary Edition on Steam,
you'll get a free upgrade to Skyrim
Special Edition on October 28th.
I did not catch that.
That must have been in some type of e-mail
or some online follow-up thing.
Which I do, so that'll be cool.
That, okay, that's pretty rad then
if they're throwing that in as a free upgrade,
then that kind of answers the questions,
what to do about the HD modders and stuff,
but my thought is that maybe they went back
and changed some stuff actually in the engine itself
that's going to want to make some of the modders
go back and do new things
with some of these enhancements in the engine.
Well, yeah, because it's a pretty old engine,
so if they are updating the whole engine
and maybe run on something a little bit similar
to Fallout 4, then that would be pretty nice.
Yeah.
Let's see.
Tigerclaw says,
I also have Skyrim on 360,
which I never got around to playing
when I first bought it.
Well, sadly, I think you're going to have to rebuy it,
but maybe if they are going to get it free on PC,
it lends itself to the fact that maybe it won't be
a very expensive game.
Maybe it'll be more of a budget title.
Then Prey was the game that was shown after that.
Which is kind of confusing
because it looked like a whole new franchise
and then all of a sudden it's all Prey.
It's like, huh?
I thought it was going to be,
I thought it was going to be like Groundhog Day
or Good Morning, Malcolm would be the name of the game.
I don't know.
It was just, it was different.
It's just so like, this is Prey?
Okay, if you say so, I guess.
I mean, it didn't look anything like the first game
and didn't look anything like that second trailer
for Prey 2 or whatever.
It was just kind of, here's the thing,
we're calling it Prey.
And I'm not saying they have to like just copy
the first game or something.
Maybe there's some theme that ties them together
that, you know, you know,
why you have the different protagonists and stuff,
but I'm just...
Well, yeah.
I mean, the first one,
it was you're kidnapped by aliens basically.
So we're kidnapped by aliens again?
I don't know.
Yeah.
Let's see.
And then after that was the Doom update.
So they talked about some of the DLC for Doom.
So they're going to do like multiplayer DLC,
which, okay, cool.
But then they mentioned the shareware throwback concept
where they're going to release episode one,
or the first level, I guess,
free on Xbox and PlayStation,
which I mean, that's cool.
I love how they frame that, but it's a demo.
They're releasing a Doom demo this week, basically.
So for those that want to check it out.
But that, again...
But it would be cool though,
if like it was like the shareware thing
where I download that one level demo
and then I say purchase
and then I can download the rest of it.
Oh, are you kidding?
Of course that's going to be there.
In the day of digital sales?
Of course they want that money.
That's how they're doing it.
That's how they're going to get the money themselves.
And that's how I think that they should be doing it
with all these other games.
Like, yes, I understand you can't make a standalone demo,
but just put out the first level or something for free.
Yeah, interesting.
I'd be curious to see what kind of success they have for this.
Because again, I didn't think I would like Doom,
but I really do.
So I have a feeling there's going to be a lot of people
that can use this demo as a chance to see,
well, I'm kind of on the fence about first-person shooters.
Am I going to like this?
And I bet, you know, there'll be some.
They'll say nah, still not my cup of tea.
Too fast, too bloody, whatever.
But there'll be some that are like,
okay, push A, I want more right here.
So that is pretty cool.
Then after that, they talked about the Elder Scrolls Online,
which I've got to admit, I could not get,
as much as I love MMOs,
I really tried to get an Elder Scrolls Online.
I kind of couldn't do it.
Maybe I need to give it a second chance.
And the nice thing is about the pricing model,
I don't have to pay a monthly fee,
so I can give it another chance.
I liked how they were talking about the whole
we're going to just level sync you to everything.
You can do whatever the hell you want in the game.
That was cool.
If you want to play it with me, I own it.
I haven't played it yet.
Yeah, I own it too.
I played a little bit of it, but it was so buggy.
But then again, I played it the day it came out.
LOL Bethesda and buggy games.
So now it's probably fine.
If I can fit it into my busy schedule.
Girl.
No, I'll check it out.
Okay.
I'll check it out.
After we see Warcraft.
Yeah, which is also on my list of things to do.
Sadly, a topic we will not be able to talk about tonight
because none of us saw it yet,
but we got too busy of a show tonight anyway.
The 23rd, it will be released in Japan.
That was another pretty notable deal
is that they're going to take the Elder Scrolls Online to Japan.
I'd be very curious to see how it's received over there.
Speaking of Warcraft, World of Warcraft does not exist in Japan.
Final Fantasy XIV obviously exists in Japan,
but the MMO landscape without Warcraft in it,
very different in Japan.
So it'll be very interesting to see what Elder Scrolls Online does.
And then after that was talking about the Bethesda VR,
which kind of surprised me that they're taking existing things
and putting it into VR
because that isn't necessarily always the best idea,
but it sounds like they're taking care
to ensure that the games are kind of built for VR, so to speak.
And then they mentioned that Fallout 4 is going to be on the HTC Vive.
So interesting that they did not mention the PlayStation VR.
Oculus, I kind of get a little more
because wasn't there a little spat going on
between one of the id, which does the stuff for Bethesda,
and Oculus, wasn't there a little thing going on there?
So I can kind of see maybe why that was left out.
But this is going to be very interesting now
as we're starting to see the chess pieces move
where what VR is going to have what.
Yeah, that's definitely a great win for the Vive
because someone's looking to purchase,
you know, a VR system and it's like,
oh, hey, Fallout 4, that'd be pretty awesome.
Thank you, Bobby.
Of course, Bobby knows this shit when it comes to VR.
And in chat over at live.fognetwork.com says,
I think the ZeniMax lawsuit against Oculus is still going on.
They feel Carmax stole ZeniMax tech and took it to Oculus.
So that was, yeah, so that's not a surprise
that they're leaving Oculus out in that regard.
But when they said Bethesda VR,
I was like, well, are they going to create their own headset?
Please don't.
Oh, yeah, please don't.
I was like, oh, see, they're saying
that he stole their tech
because they're actually developing one their own.
I'm like, oh, no, not another one.
And then it's like for the Vive, I'm like, okay, fine.
That's fine.
At least they're siding with somebody.
I was just a little worried there that,
hey, we've got our own headset.
I'd be very curious to see how that plays.
I have to admit Doom is very fast, very fluid,
and I feel like would make me very sick.
But the way he phrased it,
he wasn't saying like it's just Doom ported to VR.
He kind of was saying it's an experience.
He kind of used some words that make me think
it's not just a injecting VR.
Like they're doing something
to keep the VR stuff in mind with that.
So I'd be very curious to see about that.
And then, of course, Fallout 4,
they mentioned that will come out for the HTC Vive,
so that'll be pretty interesting.
Yeah, and Bobby in chat says,
yeah, it's an experience in the Doom world,
but Fallout 4 is a VR conversion of the game.
But Fallout 4 I don't think moves as fast as Doom does.
It's still a fast game, but it's a little more tempered.
And then lastly, of course, an extended, very extended,
very, very extended look at this.
I kind of think it was a bit much.
People are disappointed that there was no announcement
for a new Wolfenstein,
but if you caught a glimpse
of during that little DOS thing that they were doing
with the different folders that were listed on there,
they all had release dates.
Each of those folders was dated by the release of those games.
So they had Keen, 12, 14, 90, Wolf 3D, 5, 5, 92,
New Order, 5, 20, 14,
Old Blood, 5, 5, 15,
New Colossus, asterisk, asterisk, asterisk.
So that's probably the new Wolfenstein
that they're like, tease!
A little tease in there.
And then, of course, the other thing.
In the old Wolfenstein games,
wasn't one of the battles that people remember
when Hitler was in a colossus?
Wasn't that the boss one?
I'm almost positive that was one of the...
Yeah, like he was in a mech. I remember that.
That was a whole big thing.
Maybe they're bringing something like that back.
Okay, so what about Dishonored 2, though?
It looked really pretty.
Yeah, it looked nice.
I think the gameplay, though, was a little long.
I'm not that excited about it,
but it looks cool.
I actually am interested in this one.
I wasn't at all interested in the first one,
but now I'm interested in this one.
Well, then, mission accomplished
on Bethesda's part, I suppose.
No, I mean, they did try to sell me
with the anus shots, but, you know.
Well, like I said,
you got ripped, and you asshole.
When I said shoot him in the butt, I wasn't literal.
But, Jamie, what'd you think about that deal, though,
where if you get the game,
you said you never really got into the first one.
Here's your chance. The first one completely remastered.
Oh, yay, you had another game in my collection
I'm not gonna play.
Whoopty shit.
This one's supposed to be pretty good, actually.
Now you know why I was tempered
when it came to the Elder Scrolls Online.
It's like, uh, another game I'll never get to.
Dishonored, I feel like, is in my Steam.
Like, it came in some damn bundle a long time ago.
Yeah, I think I got it.
They were giving it away at one point,
so, you know, they want to raise hype
for the second game, so.
ActDeaf, just curious what it is
that piqued your interest in Dishonored 2, Darasaka.
Female protagonists with cool powers.
Yeah.
I am a sucker
for a well-developed, uh,
I'm trying to think of what the right word to phrase it says.
A well-developed environment,
meaning that you've got
the history in the buildings,
you've got the people going about their days.
You can actually sit,
and people watch if you wanted to,
and it would be legit.
Like, I've followed NPCs around before
in Fable.
I can see where they went.
And you being a big Sims fan,
that doesn't surprise me at all,
because that's part of the big allure of The Sims,
is watching your Sims hook up and stuff like that.
Well, not really. It's seeing how you can torture them
until they, you know, set themselves on fire
or drown, and then you just go build more houses.
That's The Sims for me.
But I like the artistry
that went into it, and the depth.
And I kept thinking,
like, when they showed that scene,
and what was the huge rail that was going in the big circle
above their heads,
I was like, I wonder if you could get up there
and wander around.
Because one of the things I love to do in games
is find out, how can I get to where I'm not supposed to go?
How can I stand there?
How can I climb there?
And so, that's what really
set it off for me.
So, I gotta just poke you on this a little bit, because
you know, you mentioned with Prey, you weren't interested
because there wasn't a female protagonist,
but I mean, I kind of, I don't know,
I guess it's limited what we know about the game so far,
but I thought the environments were really pretty,
and I remember that about the old Prey game, so I mean,
are you just, do you think you're really serious?
I'm serious, that's it.
I think...
Don't you think it's early to judge it based off that?
I mean, at least, at least
the character was Asian too,
which you don't see a lot of... That doesn't matter,
I don't care what their, you know,
what their skin looks like,
I care if it's a character
that I can understand.
Huh. And so,
I think that we also do have,
we're getting a lot more,
you know, characters, especially, you know,
games like Mirror's Edge with only female
protagonists. I think we need
more of them, and I don't,
I don't know, I guess I'm just sort of sick
of supporting, you know,
a male narrative
for this long, you know? Does that make sense?
I guess,
and it's like, I understand the need for diversity
in games, but at the same time, like, you know,
if Prey ends up being really cool,
maybe, you know, we just saw one trailer,
maybe there'll be some, maybe there will be a playable woman
in it at some point that you take over for a little bit,
or maybe there'll be a very strong female support
character or something? I'm tired of
being, I'm tired of women being
support for a man.
In storytelling.
I'm tired of the women in refrigerators.
I'm tired of the whole thing.
We, you know,
it really is just so off-putting now.
I'm tired of
giving my money to that.
And I think that, you know,
it's time to
to have, um,
shut up,
okay? Just shut up.
Is something in chat bothering you?
You're telling me it's time to rant. It's bonds006.
Oh. No, it's not a rant.
It's something that needs to be said
and there's a difference.
We,
everybody,
I think, we're looking
so hard for
okay, thank you then. We look
so, um,
and I'm not,
we are all co-hosts.
Okay? You gotta, you gotta
respond to what is in chat here. Okay,
Stoppy says, tired of being a supporting character
is a co-host. No. Co-host means
you host with people. All three
of us. Right. And it's not
poking fun. You said it at
the really worst time. The
whole point is that, especially
in this day and age, we need to all be
on equal footing. And when you've
been delivered games
historically that have all been
written for men, that
have all starred male characters, sometimes
you get a point where you're a little fucking
sick of it. Just saying.
I can understand that, that you've
kind of hit your limit. And I hope, um,
I hope there will be
something that, you know, comes
from Bethesda in the future that will
hopefully surprise you pleasantly about
Prey. But I do want to say this,
speaking of support and all this, I do think this is worthy
of calling out. I did think it was very awesome
that everybody had the rainbow.
Everybody had the rainbow ribbon. I thought that was very, very
cool. A nice gesture by the
company. I just wanted to acknowledge. Oh, yeah.
I did find that really, really awesome.
Yes. And it's just,
you know,
EcumaJP
says, um, that
men are stupid and that is why we have a
story to tell. No, I
don't think that, I don't think that at all.
It's just that,
you know,
I,
I think that
I'm just really tired of it. I'm, I'm really
looking to have something that's going to be more
something I can relate to. And
not have to put myself into
the writing of
the character that
in the end, I
can't see eye to eye with.
I mean, yeah, we might
understand on views or I might feel this way in the situation.
But in the end, I don't have that
perspective. I don't necessarily want
that perspective. And I'm
tired of everything being delivered to me
from a man's perspective. Well, these are,
these are raw, real feelings and you're entitled
to them, whether somebody agrees with you or not.
Um, in chat,
Alan Alchemy over at live.vongnetwork.com
says, it's her $60. If people refuse
to see movies with Michael Bay or Adam Sandler
on principle, people can avoid video games
for whatever reason they want as well.
Um, Bobby in chat with a
counterpoint and I'll kind of let you
respond and then close this and move on.
Uh, Bobby in chat says, I have no problem with someone
not spending their $60 on it, but I hope this doesn't become
a movement to limit storytellers to
only have them be female protagonists.
That's what I worry about. If we can get
to a point, and I've said this before about
every type of representation
for every
aspect of diversity, we need
to get to a point where
it doesn't matter because
it's common. Where it becomes
just part of the story.
Where the representation across
the board is so
normalized that we're not
going to see,
oh, this is, we need a diversity
so let's throw a woman in here.
Oh, we need them to be diverse so let's
make her a lesbian while we're at it.
And we'll make her Asian too.
You know, it's
not, you make this a decision to
be diverse. It's, you make this
a decision to tell a good story.
This plays into who this character
is. And my
perfect ideal of
equality for everybody
is when we
don't have to worry about
safe spaces. When we don't
have to worry about representation.
When we don't have to worry
about, oh, that's so novel that they
did that. Or kudos to
Pixar for having a lesbian
couple and finding Dory.
Where it's normal.
And no one has to care.
Does that make sense?
It's fair, yes it does.
Alright. Let's move on.
However, just in the interest of trying to cover
some of these other stories before because we're obviously
running very late tonight. We do want to try to at least
take a couple calls over
Orange Lounge Radio on Skype.
But I think that's all we got. That was it
for the presser, right? So Loki,
anything you're going to be buying out of that?
Probably just Skyrim HD
and then I don't need to buy the DLC
because I have the season pass.
Because that's why they increased the price of the season pass after
marches because of all the additional DLC.
So I'm good there.
That's it.
I just want to mention
this very nice closure in chat.
Bobby responding to what DarkSakura said saying
I hear you. I may not agree 100%
but I hear you and I'm listening. And I think that's very
nice closure on that.
Okay, so let's move on with some
other news.
Because there's still a lot we haven't talked about yet.
So we're going to try to run through some of these stories here
so we can get to calls. So Loki?
So there's another game that was announced, or a new game
I should say, that's being announced by Volition.
Sadly it's not another Saints Row game.
But it's a game called
Agents of Mayhem.
And it's like this futuristic
single player game where
you have like a team of
I don't know, almost like pirates.
But futuristic pirates I guess.
And they have different abilities and you can switch between them.
And it looks pretty awesome.
No multiplayer though, that's kind of sad.
It almost looks like it's sort of tied into
the Saints but it's not. It's a completely different world
they've confirmed. It just happens to
have almost the same logo
and all
tours in there. But apparently all tours also in
Red Faction so that doesn't necessarily
mean anything. But
yeah, they were showing that off and that should be out sometime
in 2017 for the
consoles and PC.
Alright, I know
when I heard about that I definitely thought of you.
Well right, yeah I looked at it
but I don't know. I had to see
more of it. It's not that exciting.
I want
a new Saints Row game.
But I'll check it out I guess.
If the humor's there I'm on board.
Right, yeah.
There was a quote
out there that was like a hoi mother fucker
or something.
It was pretty funny.
It looks interesting. I like the art style
so it'd be cool to see if that carries on through the game.
Sony confirming
this week that it exists but it will
not be at E3 and that is
Andrew House, CEO of Sony Interactive
Entertainment confirming there is
a high-end PS4.
Not calling it the Neo or the 4K
or any of those names that have been thrown around
the internet. However in an interview with the
Financial Times he confirmed
it is intended to sit alongside and
compliment the standard PlayStation 4.
We will be selling both
versions through the lifecycle.
I don't like it.
I need to hear more details.
It better have sparkles.
I'm actually
glad it's not at
E3 because with the VR
kind of being around the corner
this tells me that they are expecting
for this holiday that VR will be a
solid experience without this
Neo or whatever.
I hope that's the case.
I really hope so too. Because that's gonna really
fuck it up for me if it is because
it's just
you get everybody hyped up about
your VR and then like, oh by the
way you kind of need a new console to actually get
to work right. You know it's like fuck you.
That's kind of fucked up if that's the case.
So I need to see how
it goes. I mean I have it pre-ordered.
I put the $100 down but like
I'm gonna be pissed if I spend $500
on a PlayStation VR and then Res HD
is the only thing I get to play. Actually
I won't be that upset.
I would assume that it will
buy the newer system
and have it work but it's just like
I shouldn't have to
if I'm paying like $400 for a new
system and $400
for the you know
VR like
I might as well just spend a little bit more and just get a fucking
Vive and a high end PC at that point.
That's my thing. It's like
I bought a console
to avoid this shit.
This like yearly update bullshit
and now they're like hmm we want some of that
some of that cell phone tablet
Apple money. Fuck you.
I am not doing this shit
and I don't know
I'm kind of curious to see what devs think about this
because it's just if you have to keep
making sure oh I gotta make sure my game
runs better on this version
of it and not so
not or it still runs on the other one as well
and I don't know. Yeah I gotta
really see what this is about. I mean the
Apple cell phone thing that earns my money
every other year at least. You know I feel like
the upgrade is enough to justify it every other year.
But it's something that you use every day and
I mean it's something like true I
use mine all the time and I don't necessarily do
anything graphically intensive on it. It's not like
I'm
those things can pack a punch.
So right now I understand that but like
I feel
you know I can get by for
a few years if I don't want to
necessarily do all this stuff but like I'm
not I don't buy
my phone to game on and I'm not
buying one every other year or so.
I mean I tend to buy mine until it just
doesn't fucking work anymore then I'll buy a new one.
And that's I think how it should be with the
consoles. If you're going to keep coming out with new consoles
each year like call them a different
console or something. I mean just
I don't like this just
upgrading specs. If I want to just upgrade specs
every year that's a PC.
I'm buying a PC at that point.
Why am I supporting the consoles then?
Alright. Let's move
on with some more news though so we can get to calls.
Dark Soccer do you want to take this next story?
Yes.
Speaking back on representation
there was some
negativity unleashed toward Ubisoft
regarding Watch Dogs 2.
There's a bunch of racist
assholes out there who
are upset that the hero
of Watch Dogs 2 is black.
A black hacktivist.
What's wrong with you
people? What is wrong
with you? No stop. Stop right
now if you're listening to this podcast look
in the mirror and say me
what the fuck is wrong with you?
I give
our listeners a lot of credit that they're pretty
intelligent to be listening to this show. Yes.
Honestly I'm going to say this very bluntly
anybody that felt that way
would have already tuned out on your
last rant. Let's be real. Well fuck them too.
So I mean if they've made it
this far I think people understand.
Who cares what the skin color is of the
protagonist. Some people care because
they're stupid. But we need to know
whether the game is going to just be all
downgraded like it was before. That's what
I'm interested to find out. I think
yay for
there being a black person in the lead.
I think that is great. And who gives a
shit about a black person being the lead? There's a black
person in the lead of Grand Theft Auto 5
which sold 60 million copies.
I don't think you fucking care.
I mean seriously. Very true.
Who gives a shit?
Very true. Yeah so if
it's just
Twitter needs to just be taken
away from some people.
It's just people dislike things.
And people
dislike all sorts of things. And they
whatever. I mean you can't
please everybody. Honestly
I wouldn't want to run into these people online anyway
so it's probably best they don't get the game.
It's just like I mean 60 million people
though. If they had such a problem with it
they wouldn't have bought Grand Theft Auto 5
60 million times.
Let's move on Loki.
Alright so this is pretty exciting.
You know I didn't quite buy in
on this whole Lego Dimensions
thing originally.
Oh I'm sorry I'm getting ahead of myself here.
Oh no we actually missed that last time.
So let me cover the Lego Dimensions thing real
fast. And I'll get
to the other thing. So Lego Dimensions
they announced basically their
season 2 or I guess the new set of
properties that are going to be attached
to this. And I got to say I am super
excited about it. It's like before they
had the whole thing where it's kind of the cross
franchises. You know you have Back to
the Future. Fucking Doctor Who.
You know all this stuff going together. Now
it's just it's fucking
crazy 80's shit.
So here's what they've got.
They've got A-Team, Adventure
Time, Harry Potter
Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them
The Goonies, Gremlins
Knight Rider
Fucking Lego City Undercover, Sonic the Hedgehog
Powerpuff Girls, Teen Titans Go
Beetlejuice and E.T.
It's pretty badass. That is
fucking amazing. I feel like this is
a game that's aimed towards 30 somethings
and I'm eating it up. It's just like they're like
hey we know where the money is and damn
right you know where the money is and it's fucking
Legos so you know what if that
and they just they just walked into a
what's that new store called we went to an art
firm called the Brick House is that what it's called?
It's that new store that's just like a bunch of like nerd stuff
and I swear to god the Lego people just went there and went
we're gonna get that that that that
that that that like every
shirt in the store they're like we need that license
that license and then of course I
missed they also have
the main campaign
that's gonna be in there is the new Ghostbusters
movie that's as well and it
it's not something and what's cool about this you don't
need to buy
a new portal or anything it works with the old
portal and those will work for any future
versions of the game as well it's coming out September
27th but the only thing that really
stopped me from buying this originally is the price
because it's a Lego premium those sets are
like $30 for each of the expansions
and like the the actual toys
are like $20 it gets really expensive
yeah but it's
really hard you'll pay it for the Goonies it's
really hard to like not want to buy all
this shit so that's
the only problem and uh Bobby
in chat pointing out it's not Lego Dimensions 2
it's just the regular Lego dimensions
yeah it's just more stuff
which which is great
it is they're not gonna like incrementally
you know do more that's great but like seriously
that's like fucking 80s
crazy right there
alright um well let's
move on and um
I'm not sure our show role seems a little
borked right now I think some old stuff got in there somehow but
I'm going to move on to this story about
I skipped what the story was I had because it was honestly
not that interesting
well let's talk about the Dorito machine
that's at E3 have you guys seen the pictures
of this going up there's a gigantic
arcade game in the middle of the
street uh and I'm assuming
it's in one of those parking lots around the area
yes I can imagine all the traffic that would cause
from being in oh my I would know
how am I I don't know what the fuck is this
Doritos machine doing here it's gonna be a mess
uh but anyway uh
there's a bunch of other fan stuff going around but there's a
huge Doritos arcade thing
uh that is gonna be having I guess
concerts on one level of it and
then like a giant screen I mean it just
I thought it was a giant Trojan horse to get Jeff
Keeley into the actual E3 event
he is after all the Doritos pope
it's kinda neat I guess it's visibility
for all of E3 but it's a little
bit like okay this is a bit
it's just funny that it's Doritos too
does it have fountains that shoot Mountain Dew on it
when somebody gets a new high score just everybody
gets sprayed with Mountain Dew
it actually sounds disgusting
alright um
let's talk our last story tonight
uh don't think there's a
last story for me showing Rob
uh is it about Star Trek Online
oh sorry I was looking at
uh the uh
the mail
that I could have read
oh my bad was there an email that came in last minute
yes there was we'll get to that right after the story then
it's tiny okay um
so anyway uh there is some news about
Star Trek Online which
oh my god I need to
just actually sit down and play it again
so Star Trek Online is gonna be
having um
a uh old school
upgrade they're doing an
expansion to start the characters
of the game in the era
of the original Star Trek
series and you can have all of
the original ships and
you know time travel
stuff and doing
you know wearing short mini skirts
while you go around looking good just don't wear red
just don't wear red
so it's gonna be called
Agents of Yesterday and it's a free
expansion can the dudes wear mini skirts too
like in the early episodes of Next Generation
I'm sure they were called skants Rob
pardon me
um and it goes live on July 6th
nice
I would play a dude in a skant just to have it
okay
um sorry we went out of order there Dark Soccer
and three of there um but I guess we do
have an email after all so let's get to it
every week you guys send us emails participate
at OrangeLoungeRadio.com
and Dark Soccer picks
whatever emails are in there and she reads them
here on air so Dark Soccer who emailed
us this week? Redertainment
dear podcastians
I've taken portions
of next week off
not to watch E3 to watch the US
Open just think uh six hours
a day everyday of rich men hitting
white balls on perfectly manicured grass
so I'm looking for suggestions
on what I should cook for dinner
on Thursday and Friday by the way included
underneath this recipe I'm cooking tonight
steak hair Redertainment and it's sauteed
chicken cutlets with wine sauce
you wanna know what? what?
I have in my freezer right now
marinated chicken thighs
in Beaujolais
with herbs de provence
the answer my friend
if you're wondering what to cook the answer
is always tacos
tacos
uh there you go
did anybody take time off work for E3
this year? I did not
I thought about it but no I didn't
but see with the job that I have now or at least
the position I'm in I can listen to the podcast
most of the day so I'm just gonna
watch the presentations while I work
that's nice so I'm just gonna do that
sadly I will not have that option
I teach tomorrow so I'm in a class
all day so pretty I'll get to watch
Sony but I will not get to watch Microsoft
which is kind of a bummer so I'll just have to kind of
catch the highlight reel
yeah I might be the vice versa cause I'm gonna be having the
wrangle kids during Sony so
I usually try to catch it
while I'm cooking dinner or something
but
and then I'm very curious about the Zelda stuff
on Tuesday what that all is gonna
entail
my hype is not that great for
well that's good to set the bar low
well I mean I'm
excited about the game but I'm just like
is that it? I mean like I really wish they
had a presentation of some
sort of showing the other things
cause I know they have more than just Zelda
there are other things but they're not talking
about it for why
I don't understand the reason for that
yeah
let's get to the phones it's your chance to
chime in on anything about E3
if you wanna talk about EA earlier today you wanna talk
about Bethesda you wanna talk about something
else that's happened during the week
some of the leaks or maybe something you're looking forward to
it's your chance to call in
Orange Lounge Radio on Skype
all one word Orange Lounge
Radio on Skype
Dark Tetsuya in our chat over at live.vognetware.com
says I feel ya Loki I'll still be there
front row center for Tuesday
yeah I'm still very curious
I gotta admit
any last minute
stories we wanna try and work in here Loki
so you know how there is all these
Microsoft leaks and
not only did the new system come out but
Dead Rising 4 is another thing that got
leaked out with actual gameplay
right
also ReCore was another thing
so GameSpot decided to email
Microsoft to get their comment on the leaks
and all they did was send them
a Shruggy like
an Aski Shrug
and then a link to their E3
page and they're like eh
that was their official response
I thought that was funny
I'm glad they have a sense of humor about it
that's funny stay tuned
sounds like Bloodstained Ritual
of the Night will be playable at E3
2016 I'm excited to see
what comes out of that
didn't they just release a playable version of that
or they were supposed to be releasing
some sort of beta or something
I saw something I think either this week or last
Raginator
in chat is saying no love for GOG this week
big GOG deals
we gave a little love to GOG last week
to be fair and they're not paying us
but since you brought it up
this is the season for summer sales
I'm sure GOG's got theirs
what Steam's ought to be in a couple of weeks
they already have the cards up
there's a pretty good Humble Bundle right now too
I haven't checked it out
but yeah I do need to get that one because that's the one that has
that cool drifting game in it
again Orange Lounge Radio all one word on Skype
you know what we didn't talk about that also leaked
was Injustice 2
did you check any of that out? Injustice 2
it looked okay I mean I didn't play the first one
I have it for free since they gave it away
like a couple of years ago
so I gotta check that out
some DLC apparently already
being teased now people are reading into
some of the things that Ed Boon is saying but some of the
teased DLC Blue Beetle
Captain Cold and Swamp Thing
one of the things
though I didn't really care for about it
they were saying that they have like it's almost
it sounds like
the Overwatch loot crates that you get
or something so you basically get
these like unlocks for different armors
or something after
each match or something and I guess you
can pay to get more of those or something
I don't know I didn't really catch that
on the Nintendo
side did you see the two new Pokemon for
Sun and Moon that was in the magazine
oh I don't give a shit about that
they looked really cute though I will say there was like a cute
little koala bear looking thing
like holding a log and he's like
this is my log kind of like the log lady from Twin Peaks
this is my log and then there was like a little
puppy thingy too so it was
cute I mean if Pokemon
need to be cute right because someday
they might be in Pokemon Go I mean I know
Pokemon Go is only the first 150
they keep adding Pokemon to it because they have like
107 was the max and now it's like
130 something
yeah I think Porygon
is as high as it goes in the Pokedex so far
I think
yeah we'll see no I think it's higher
than that now I don't know we'll see
anyway also
World of Final Fantasy is
launching in October
hmm did you check out the
footage for World of Final Fantasy I'll be checking
that out that looks pretty cool I don't
remember what that is
it is the extra
Final Fantasy game that's the one that they were
teasing that I think is
the experience that is specifically made
for I'm trying to remember if this is the one
about the cell phones
no this is different this is the
one that's kind of more appealing to children
and they showed like a real
brief teaser of it last year
it's going to be on Playstation 4 and Playstation Vita
and it's going to come out October 25th
you remember there was a real quick glimpse of this
at the Playstation thing last year and it was like very
chibi Final Fantasy characters and all that
yeah
it's going to be very busy for Final Fantasy
this year with Final Fantasy 15 coming out
very soon
I
will put out one more call for calls
and then I'm going to assume people just
got caught up in watching Morgan Webb
and Adam Sessler and didn't come back
Orange Lounge Radio
all one word on Skype
of course if you didn't get through on Skype tonight
if you were doing other stuff tonight and weren't able to join us live
you can always send us an email
participate at orangeloungeradio.com
you know I did just remember
we did the mailbag
and then we did not do the FUs of the week
which usually comes right after the mailbag
so I think this is a good opportunity for us to get
a little bit ranty
all this is bad
here is justice
here is punishment
here
is it fucked up
FU
to haters everywhere
especially the ones who decide
to act on it
and FU to this asshole that my sister is
friends with I don't know what the fuck caught up to your ass
but you suck
uh Loki
um FU in my car
cause the other day as I was leaving the show
my check engine light came on
and the drive light was flashing
which means the transmission problem
except the problem is my car is driving just fine
and then a day later it went off
so I'm gonna assume everything is okay
until it finally breaks
I don't know it's buggy
and blame it
you know what the problem was
and the reason it came on
some dumb ass little ass dog
in the car instead of killing it
I decided to swerve a little bit to the left
and hit the brakes
and then the stupid light came on
so apparently there was a loose sensor or some shit
fucking dog
shit killed your ass
don't talk about killing your dog
I didn't though
I can say that now because he's still alive
uh I'm gonna just defer
to what I said at the opening of the show
for my FU of the week
honestly that's all the anger I have
in that department right now so there you go
alright um
I guess I guess that's
oh wait last minute
somebody's waiting at the last minute to call in
but let's get to it hi you're on orange songs radio who's this
hey this is akdef
hey akdef thanks for not leaving us too lonely this week
in the skype segment I was getting a little worried
what's on your mind
well
uh
I'm gonna ask you a question
first of all
yeah
to all of you
I don't know if it can be plausible
but how exciting
would it be to have
like nintendo
announcing okay since
you saw the demo
for Legend of Zelda for Wii U
and NX
we're gonna have it on the eShop right now
and you can download it on
well in this case on tuesday
how exciting would that be
I wish but
we're past those days unfortunately
those were the days of the early
xbox 360 and what 2006
c3 2005 c3
sadly those days are gone
they would not put it up because it would be reversed engineered
people would start modding it
doing crazy crap to it trying to dig through the files
find secrets and I mean
I think nintendo's probably just focused
on finishing the damn game
it's probably enough of an inconvenience for them to have to do
this e3 thing anyway which by the way
I think you're not seeing the nx version
at e3 because
you know they have to cut a demo specifically
for e3
but we do live in a day and age
of live streaming and so
maybe you're not gonna be able to play the demo yourself
but you'll be able to watch somebody else
do it live like right
there you know the one thing that's gonna be
missing is the controller so
I think maybe that's just
what they want that'll be a little more controlled
I think that's just what it boils down to
well that's for sure
well if we don't have at least
that surprise announcement
what surprise announcement
would you like from
well for many of the companies left
on e3
from
nintendo
there's the rumors going around
about earthbound 3
or mother 3 you know whatever they're gonna end up
calling it I would really love to
see that become a reality I'm not gonna hold my
breath too much
but from nintendo I've just kind of accepted the
fact that it's just not gonna happen this year
I just need to wait till next year
I am still gonna really hope that
and I know it
sounds weird to talk about old shit
but I really would like to hear that maybe
Microsoft is gonna make a major expansion
on the backwards compatibility catalog
this week
and perhaps that Playstation 1
games will be playable at least
Playstation 1 games will be playable again on
Playstation 4 I really really think it's time
and that would be a very nice surprise
I would look forward to which I know is weird to talk
about old shit but this is
important this is the reason why so cause I don't want
you going well Rob they're gonna talk about
old shit at e3 then what the fuck is the
point of e3 because you
can still have the old shit but with the
new frills that have
bridged the Playstation 3 and Playstation
4 you know what was the big
jump we took this generation
the social end of things right
so if I can play the Playstation 1 games
and stream them or
do the share play things so I
can play with friends
across a great distance that's
gonna breathe whole new life into
some of the old library there so
that's why I get excited
about the old games and the new shell
if that makes sense
yeah it absolutely
makes sense like I was actually
thinking right now that
when they announced that
new bibriven was coming to
beta and Playstation 3 like
2 years ago or
at least yeah I think 2 years
ago right yeah
and I was thinking they never
like follow
follow that up like
they should probably
yeah announce like oh
you can now play Playstation 1
games on PS4 like bibriven
and hey we're gonna announce
a new bibriven with
3 support or at least digital
yeah and that never happened
on Playstation 4 it happened on 3 but not
4 so yeah be curious
I do wanna
point this out as well when it comes to Sony
is that I think Sony is under
and for me like an expectation I really
have of them is to deliver
something really big this holiday
and you know I
fully expect there'll probably be a God of War 4
announcement I don't think it'll be ready for this holiday
but I think something they've been
teasing us with over the past couple years
they need to date for this holiday
like it's fucking time already Sony needs to
put up with some of the stuff that they've been showing
my gut tells me
Last Guardian is gonna be that game finally
will be that game and that's what we're gonna get this holiday
that's just cause I don't think it's Final Fantasy 7
not with 15 this year
it certainly ain't Kingdom Hearts 3
uh especially with you know
2.8 is gonna be that game anyway I kinda
think it's time the game looked
to be far enough along and what we saw last year
I really think Last Guardian is that game and that's my expectation
yeah that's
probably true
let me ask you this question
before I let you go ActDeft there was a
pretty big game that came out a couple days ago
which sadly we've all been distracted
in other ways we haven't been able to talk about it but I know
I know you have had to have spent
some time with Kirby RoboBot
oh yeah
Kirby Planet RoboBot I was actually gonna
ask you well all of you
why haven't you played that game but
but yeah we have all been
pretty occupied even me
I have that game
right now in front of me it's even
like on my 3DS
right now but I haven't started
yet I have been so
busy this weekend so
I haven't gotten the time to play it
uh
especially with Nintendo's calendar
being a little funky where the games come out
on Friday now right?
I can never remember what day is anymore
I think that's just you know
and I'm gonna be honest ActDeft
I like Kirby but do I like
Kirby enough to drop that money on it
I kinda just need to hear some of the feedback
first and see if it's something that
I really think is gonna be up my alley before I drop
the 30 bucks on it
well if something I have been watching
and reading reviews it's getting a lot of positive
reviews that's good
it's one of
and even some of my friends
that aren't
into Kirby
are really liking it right now
so that's something
I just
I'm waiting even to
just do all art to finish so I can play it
alright
then we're gonna let you go so we can wrap it up
ActDeft
alright take care my friend
thanks for having me
alright good call
I don't really see the
phones lighting up and we're well after
9 o'clock here on the west coast I think we are going
to shut things down here
at Orange Lounge Radio but I do wanna
thank all you guys for listening again this
week really appreciate it I know it was a bit of a shorter
show for those of you guys on the podcast feed but again
remember there was a big hour
15 minute chunk that we lost there while we were
watching the press conference
as I'm sure a lot of you were
over the weekend but we will be back
next excuse me
we will be back next
week to do a full recap of
E3 to talk about our
impressions of what we do see from Microsoft
Sony, Nintendo
who else still has to go? Ubisoft
got one to go, PC
Conference which again I'm not
expecting much out of but you never know
yeah let me see what we got on the list here real fast
I feel like I'm missing somebody
does Square have a conference? No they already
they did like their stream already
yeah they dropped their hints already
let's see here so there is
god dammit
tomorrow ok here we go here we go
so we've got
ok so EA and Bethesda have already gone
yep apparently also
in just a few minutes
there's also one from Kadokawa
I have no idea what that is that's in
20 minutes actually from now
tomorrow's Microsoft then PC Gaming
Ubisoft and then Sony
and then Nintendo has their stream
on Tuesday so really it's all
they're blowing their load tomorrow
well that's typical though for E3 week
so they
usually stretch out their conferences like multiple
days though like you'd have like EA and stuff
normally well only because
usually after Nintendo is Square Enix
but for some reason and last year actually
didn't somebody feel like there were two people
kind of in that slot last year so
I think that was lost a little bit this year
oh it was the PC thing
because with having
EA bump up a day I think that really shifted
things so it
does feel a little different this year it's going to be very different E3
but I'm excited to hear from some of the folks
who are at the show I'm hoping we can get some of our other
VoG people who actually went to the show
maybe on the show next week to talk about it a little bit
and then of course
we'll give our own perspective and we can't wait to hear
what you guys have to say let's hope for some good
surprises we'll have fun
as I end every episode
of Orange on Tradio thank you guys so much for tuning into
the show and if you enjoyed what you heard here
please tell a friend or two about the show
spread the word leave a nice 5 star
review wherever you found this show because we are
the show where every gamer has a voice but we can't put
those voices out there unless we
have them and you know I think
one thing we've definitely learned tonight perspective
and hearing from other people
can definitely be helpful
I think we can all learn from that so we want
we want more of your voices out there to be
participating with our show so
let's go around now and give everybody's
final thought Loki
I can't wait to see
what they've got in store for
Microsoft and Sony
Microsoft a lot of it's been kind of
spoiled but
so interested
to find out what they have
I'm curious to see what the
I'm assuming they're all going to be quiet about it
I kind of want to know what's going on with these new systems
it means why are you keeping us in the dark about
this shit do you not know what the fuck
is going in them because it seems like
even with like the NX I heard rumors
that they're like not manufacturing yet because they
may add VR to it it's like they don't even know what
the fuck is going to be going in those systems yet
why do we
need them if you don't know what they're for
I don't know
my final thought is the fall is
looking almost as interesting as the summer
at this point with what we were talking about at the beginning of the show
I'm very curious
to see what happens in the
fall and where all this stuff lands with these
announcements we haven't had quite yet
but dear god please don't let
Mass Effect get delayed again unless
unless they really really need it to make it a
good game and I'll understand but I just
I really want that game out oh my god
and last but not least Dark Soccer your final thought
well two things but they're related and
kind of a downer okay
I was reading a post about
cops going through
Pulse and hearing
phones ringing for people who wouldn't answer them
yeah awful and then I just
saw a post one of my friends posted
one from a lady who was trying to find her
son who was there and hadn't heard from
him in hours she
he's alive in critical condition
but he's alive
so one of the lucky ones our thoughts
pull through yeah so
um just people
out there don't take anyone you love
for granted stay close
stay in touch and
if you see anyone spouting
any kind of hateful
rhetoric you shut them down
that's all
alright and we are now gonna
shut this show down have a great week everybody
we'll do it again in seven days
have a great night and a happy E3
oh they were all still true
see you next week
you
