Now it's time for your hosts Rob Roberts, Jamie Summers and Loki to tell you more about this and the rest of the week's gaming news.
Starting right now on the show where every gamer has a voice.
Hello my friends out there on the internet.
Welcome back to another week of the show where every gamer has a voice.
It is Orange Lounge Radio and we are live once again with episode number 1012 of our show for tonight, August the 4th of 2024.
My name is Rob Roberts and I am joined by my awesome co-hosts and yes, as Jason said in the intro there,
Jason in person Jason in person
But you get to watch all of us creepily as we tape live over at the Voice Geeks Network, twitch.tv slash VOG Network, where Orange Lounge Radio is broadcast every Sunday night at 9 o'clock Eastern, 6 o'clock Pacific, right after the Bobby Blackwolf show.
And yes, we are all back together.
It feels really good because I feel like it's been literally a month since we've all been here, but there's, you know...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
It was so good.
It really, it was so good.
All of the jokes I wanted were there.
Everything.
I don't want to spoil a certain cameo, even though I think it's been spoiled for some people.
The soundtrack is really, really great.
But I...
and for me being like a Marvel multiverse comic person there were so many things my favorite although and this is even from the trailer like my favorite little snuff like like snub is what I'm saying was uh Liefeld's Easy Feet
Deadpool, Deadpool, Deadpool
Well, I mean, except he's actually doing it with his hands.
Yes, he is.
You should, I'm going to have to just, there's like a website dedicated to just how off his art is, but it is iconic.
It is iconic, and he gave us Deadpool straight out of New Mutants back in the day.
So many nods on there for actual comic book readers, too.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
I've never noticed just how many pride flags are of varying differences like obviously I see an ace flag and I'm sure there's some other stuff in there I can't really see you have a ton of pride flags kind of all on the bookshelf behind you no it's great I love it of course I keep acquiring them and then I just shove them in my bookshelf yes you have a choir of pride flags behind you but I the two that are in the back I have my love is loved one that I made
and then the one underneath that it's supposed to be the pride colors but I actually did the ace flag and the bi flag and some of the stuff for parafemale okay so it's it's it's my uh mythicals okay my mythicals pride flag I I I love getting to peek in your office and all that fun little stuff and I really should get to put stuff up on on the internet
Keep honking, I'm also a goose who is pretending to be human Fear not, comrade, our day will come This is a bumper sticker she's holding up on camera It is, I'm going to put a magnet backing on it Because I have the one that says thoughts and prayers But it's crossed out and it says legislation and reform Mm-hmm
I don't like to put stickers on my car, but I do magnets.
I have magnet backing that I'm going to put that on and then put it on my car.
If I need to trade in the Doom thing, at the very least, it's not going to have all the stuff all over it.
Let's also say hello to and welcome back to the show because I really feel like it's been about a month with all the shows we've had to cancel, unfortunately.
Say hello to Tech Master Loki.
Hello.
Hi, how are you feeling?
Eh.
Yeah.
I don't, I'm negative for COVID now.
Hooray.
I did go out to see Deadpool and Wolverine today, though.
The day he was negative, he was like, bye.
No, no, I've been negative for like a week, but like, I... Well, that shit stays with you.
I'm just still tired and I still have like the like I have like other like abdominal pain too like which I I'm thinking is part of the stuff but I don't know yeah and then um just it's just tired you know a lingering cough but it is kind of going away it's been getting less each day
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
technically it never tested as COVID but like come on like what what else causes a buffet of unexplained symptoms where like it's like what's with the pink but the but the pink eye and everything I don't know because no it did because she gave me antibiotics didn't go away so no it wasn't even okay
So it was viral, for sure.
Well, then that could have been, like, true conjunctivitis, because that would... Actually, no, they were saying... Because I have a sinus infection, and I knew it was a sinus infection when I took the second swab out of my nose.
But bacterial infections can lead to secondary, so... Yeah, I don't know.
Yeah, if it didn't do anything for that, then you had to have been viral.
Yeah, so I don't know.
But the worst part of all that was the sore throat.
I mean, the pink eye was the biggest annoying part, but the sore throat was kind of like the lingering thing.
So I almost wonder like, oh, do I just kind of have that going on?
Again, just remnants of that.
I don't know.
But yeah.
So we've been a little broken here and old at Orange Tons Radio.
So again, we weren't here last week.
That wasn't planned.
But unfortunately, Loki was out with COVID.
DarkSakura, we kind of knew she probably wasn't going to be here because she was on her way back from California Extreme, which we'll talk about during our gaming weeks.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
So yeah, it's been quite a month, so sorry about it.
We're not trying to be irregular, but as I said in the beginning of the show, shit happens.
So there you go.
But we will try to keep going.
I will say we will have a show off that is planned.
At the end of the month, Labor Day weekend, I've been taking that show off for over a decade because of DragonCon.
I will be at DragonCon out in Atlanta, and I definitely encourage you, if DragonCon is on your radar, you're in the Atlanta area or the Southeast U.S.
at all, or have the means to get to DragonCon, get there for sure.
Because DragonCon's a lot of fun.
It's going to be a lot of fun this year.
I'm really excited for it, so stay tuned.
It's also a very important weekend for me.
That's right, because your anniversary is around then, right?
September 1st is mine and Dan's 19th anniversary.
And the day after that is my dad's birthday.
Happy birthday, Dad.
Yeah, it's a massive...
I guess the term would be a total conversion.
So it's essentially a mod for Fallout 4 that completely... It's like a whole new game, essentially.
And what's cool is they add a lot of cool elements from other Fallout games.
So there's a different skill tree in it, similar to Fallout New Vegas.
They have different...
specialties that you can get.
There's positives and negatives with them as well.
It's really cool, but it's completely voiced by voice actors.
It looks incredible.
I haven't gotten a chance to play it yet, but I have some friends that have played it, and they are very enthusiastic.
Essentially, it's the new Fallout game you've been waiting for.
The way it's done.
I'm very glad that...
Microsoft and Bethesda have let it exist you know what I mean because yeah like they could easily just smash this be like oh you know you're trying to represent your game like Fallout but no it's a really cool looking game well and surely they have to see the benefit of you know Fallout is an aged game at this point so anything that makes people interested in it again wanting to stream it download it engage with it I mean that's that's a win so you know
and Kudos to the modding community who oftentimes doesn't get appreciated enough for the hard work they do, but that's incredible work.
It really is.
So, kudos.
Yeah, I mean, I could see certainly a scenario where it sells more copies of Fallout 4 for Bethesda, so...
Well, and is this one of the official ones you can get on the console versions, too?
I don't know if you can get it on console.
It is on good old games, though.
So you can download it through them.
Quest Buster Clarify is not consoles.
I just know some mods are available in the Bethesda, yeah.
Yeah, so I don't know if it... Yeah, I don't think they would ever have it on consoles.
I don't know if it could handle that, but PC for sure.
Interesting.
SSJ100 Matt in chat says all part of Todd Howard's plan to get people to buy Fallout 4 and Skyrim again.
I don't think Todd Howard likes Starfield to sell some more copies.
Yes, exactly.
He'd probably like you to buy that game instead at this point.
Exactly right.
Yeah, even I saw some scenes on I want to say TikTok of all places of that mod and it was a scene where they were destroying the giant Ferris wheel in London and it was a whole like exchange and you see it.
Yeah.
Yeah, the eye.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
There's no good news.
I mean, maybe one headline towards the end of the show, but there's a lot of not great news going on in the industry.
And I don't know what to think about that.
It's just... Anyway.
It's a bunch of crap, really.
I don't know.
I will flesh out my thought as we tackle some of these headlines.
I also want to state we are going to be sprinkling in some headlines from last week, the show we missed, because there are some huge topics we want to talk about and kind of give our viewpoint on and get your viewpoint on.
So we're going to sprinkle some of that in here as well, because some of you in chat will say, that happened last week.
Yes, we know.
We're going to play catch up a little bit with some of the big headlines.
You know what?
Some of us are doing other things.
So, yeah.
It's fine.
It's fine.
So, but let's start off with something from this week, which is, you know, a bummer to hear.
DarkSakura, please.
All right.
So it's been a good run, but Game Informer, which is definitely one of the last gaming magazines out there that, I mean, even was very recently quoted with a massive spread about the new behavior game, well,
and other company that brain farted about the casting of Frank Stone.
They had a big ass spread on that one.
But after 33 years, they are shutting down.
GameStop is closing them out.
They've laid off their staff.
They didn't give a reason.
GameStop didn't reply for a comment other than that, quote, every expense of the company must be scrutinized under a microscope and all waste eliminated.
That's an email that was obtained by Kotaku.
I don't know if they were supposed to get that email, but...
Referring to one of the most trusted magazines or the people that you're paying as waste, that's very, very, very poor, poor sign.
Poor is a kind word in this scenario, to be fair.
Poor is a very professional word to describe this.
I'm a fucking professional, okay?
Yes, you are.
but another thing that was published by their put up by their editor-in-chief Matt Miller for Game Informer about the post I'm going to just read the quote hard times, layoffs, cancellations and closures have impacted thousands of game developers and publishers as well as other outlets like us that celebrate games sorry Ferret, you have to get laid off no, that's not how it works I
No.
These are people that you're talking about in jobs and they are, I mean, as someone who is probably one of the laid off people, I mean, I feel it.
It's terrible.
You know.
They're one of the most trusted magazines in the industry and now they're gone.
I mean, and trusted being that this was a resource from GameStop who has been in the shit.
yeah um but yeah there was uh it's and a lot of people have come out of the woodwork to show their love and support you know and so here is uh what it says on their uh subscription page
The Final Level, Farewell from Game Informer After 33 thrilling years of bringing you the latest news, reviews, and insights Oh, bless you for your Oxford comma Actually, you know what?
Is this the official thing that was on their website?
Yeah
There is a lot of talk out there that AI wrote that.
What you're reading right now.
AI wrote that.
Yeah, because apparently people have plugged it into a... It did ChatGPT write this and it's coming up positive.
And there are some terms in there.
Bobby was dissecting this a little bit on his show.
There are some terms in there that really point to the fact that this was sourced with things that ChatGPT would source from.
And it is not the type of thing where ChatGPT can pull from the Game Informer closure message.
What?
It might have been taken down.
Let me just take a look myself.
No, I looked at it just an hour ago when Bobby was talking about it.
Yeah, that's disgusting then.
That's absolutely disgusting.
I mean, like, yeah, it's disgusting.
They can care enough to write something themselves.
100%.
100%.
Let the CEO write something by his own hand, warts and all, but he's too busy talking about his...
Thank you for stopping me because I don't want to give that any space.
Yeah, no, but I mean, Konami has come out, you know, with a statement about it.
We've had Naughty Dog folks.
We've had just so many people, accounts for Discord, Cyberpunk 2077, Assassin's Creed, Metacritic, and the not Twitter thing, I'm not going to say gaming, gave their...
Their nods.
Wait, wait, that website has a gaming?
What is it?
Never mind.
I don't care.
I don't care.
Blink Gaming.
Okay.
No, I'm like, what is that?
I don't, you know, I don't care.
I'm not going back to that place.
I'm just, I'm a little bit like, what?
Here's Farmville.
And to keep going, Kit Ellis, who worked for Nintendo for more than 13 years, marketing and PR, was pushing the artwork that had been on Game Informer covers, especially one for Breath of the Wild that was, honestly, I thought it was phenomenal artwork myself.
Other people were pointing out some of the various covers like The Witcher 3, Wild Hunt.
Tons of the covers just really going off about the artwork.
And then there was that...
repost about the chat GTP and funny enough Jason Schreier I'm gonna mispronounce that I'll just read this I told chat GTP to write a farewell message for Gameformer magazine and it sure looks a lot like the one that GameStop executives published this afternoon it really is like practically identical yikes
You know what's also cool?
Garbage.
They were still promoting and selling subscriptions to the print magazine up in just July 30th.
Someone in chat, just at Record WN in chat said, I just subbed with their standalone offer earlier this year.
Got four issues.
Was excited for it.
You know, when you consider this was the last gaming magazine in the U.S.
There's others, you know, around the world.
But this last one in the U.S., basically, that's, I mean, if you don't count like indie published things, you know, I don't know where you want to draw the line.
But basically, you know, of the large magazines, this was the last one.
And, you know, people wanted a piece of that or to fund that to keep it going.
So it's just...
This whole thing.
And to basically get rid of the archives of all the old articles is just trash.
Oh, yeah, because that 100% tax write-off.
100% threw it in the bin to be a tax write-off.
So they can say, oh, we're writing this off as a loss of all these views we're not going to get from what we put in the bin.
Just... I can't.
I can't either.
But you know who needs to be in the bin?
The CEO.
and maybe their social media people too oh yes, Loki why don't you tell us about this so this isn't even about well it's not but it's still about like GameStop open mouth insert foot
Exactly.
So, of course, as you may remember last week, we talked about how the Xbox 360 store has officially shut down.
You know, the end of an era.
And, you know, where most people would be like, oh, hey, you know, that's unfortunate.
You know, let's think about all the wonderful things that happened.
GameStop decides to come out on social media and says, bet y'all wish you bought physical copies now.
in an extremely tone-deaf announcement during that time, which then, by the way, of course, social media being what it is, everybody responded and just basically destroyed them.
Where am I going to get physical copies?
Not at a GameStop.
Exactly.
I mean, physical copies by that, do you mean like, say, Funko Pops or $90 games that are used?
Like, I'm sorry, it's just not happening anymore.
You're not going to be able to... Like, I've gone into a few GameStops to look at the used games, and the section that's there is so small.
Like, you just can't find anything anymore.
Um...
So it's just, it's ridiculous to even see them coming out and saying that kind of stuff.
Especially with like this coming out right around the corner.
Like, you know, bet you wish you bought physical copies.
Yeah, I bet I wish I bought physical copies of your magazine.
Oh wait, I can't because you shut it down.
Whoops.
How's that NFT project going?
Weren't you supposed to be like an NFT, you know, store online that you can sell and trade NFTs?
How'd that go?
How was that investment?
Really well, you know?
You know what's funny?
I'm thinking about... I don't use that social media site anymore.
I've obviously said that a lot.
Sorry, I'm not trying to be edgy, but it's just a matter of fact.
I don't use it.
But I do remember I blocked the GameStop account some time ago.
And it wasn't just because I don't... They sassed me with something.
And so I just said, like, fuck the... You guys can eat my entire...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Yeah, it's... Well, and then, of course, there's people responding to it, so they are talking about, like, for example, they had a copy of Xenoblade Chronicles that was for sale for $90 on their website, or you can buy it pre... Well, that was buy pre-owned for $89.99, or I guess somehow they also have a $84.99...
yeah um or there was you know where they're talking about how as an employee of GameStop there'd be games that they would consider unsellable and they just have to destroy them so no one would get to buy them or um you know just essentially just talking about all the other stuff you know they used to do bad trading prices and all that um
I mean, I don't, I can honestly say that I'll be surprised when in the near future we hear something about how all of them are shutting down, like at some point.
Like, I just don't, it's not a surprise.
And sadly, like, I'm not going to miss them at this point.
Like, they just have, they've been, they're a husk of what they used to be for years now.
Behavior did their own thing as well.
You know, they pretty much let go of all of their social teams as well.
Right.
Yeah.
No, I remember we got into that a couple weeks ago.
But with GameStop closing eventually, it's coming.
Like, yeah, I'm talking about like it's a thing because it's going to happen.
And I feel bad.
You know, my heart goes out.
I don't like being so candid about that.
I hate that because the people that really are getting affected are the people, hardworking people at those stores.
The people that are making minimum wage or just above it trying to just
Fucking earn their money to support themselves, whether it be college endeavors or even life endeavors or what have you, that have to pay for the horrible mistakes made at the top of the company time and time again.
I feel like these workers, when this day inevitably comes, these workers ought to be able to sue the CEO to get the CEO's bonus package out of negligence for how this company was run.
Yes, I realize this is a fucking –
Fantasy, and this would never be something that comes to fruition in America, but damn it.
I hate that time and time again, when GameStop closes, and it will, the CEO will walk away with a giant fucking payout, and these hardworking people that have tried their fucking best to upsell all this stuff you wanted to shovel all the time are going to walk away with nothing.
And that is fucked up.
Oh my god, so the email I was referring to earlier, by the way,
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
All right, sure.
Okay.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
Prospering in retail means survival.
If we survive, we stay in the game.
Survival is avoiding the deadly sins that often lead retailers to self-destruct.
This is usually a result of the following.
Buying bad inventory, using leverage, and running expenses too high.
By avoiding these self-inflicted mistakes and focusing on the basics, GameStop can be here for a long time.
he literally said I'm not getting paid yeah
so so their response so you would think okay GameStop been getting savaged by people online you know because of their comments so what would be the response to that by social media do you think there'd be an apology or are they just going to double down on it so what they decided to do is um they
They linked the Kotaku article talking about how they're getting savaged by fans with a poop emoji.
Oh my god!
Oh my god!
I was gonna make that joke!
That really happened?
That really happened.
August 1st.
Poop emoji.
That's what they did.
It just... It's just... Ugh.
Their team sucks.
I hate GameStop.
Perish.
Perish.
I hate GameStop.
Perish.
And again, I am so, so, so sorry to the many honest people that work for that organization.
But I've had it.
I've had it for a long time.
But I've especially had it today.
It's gone to 11 today.
I've had it with her.
and then here's the best part there's people defending them and I just want to trash I don't give a do they have check marks next to their name because I don't really I don't give a fuck what they have I do not give a fuck what anyone with a check mark has to say
Bobby Blackwolf says he's probably not taking a salary, but he is still getting paid through stock dividends.
1,011%.
Anyway.
uh Questbuster says as a side note GameStop CEO is being sued by Bed Bath & Beyond for insider trading I love Bed Bath & Beyond what a lovely place unfortunately I think they were also at least most of the stores around here that was them closed but what a what a lovely what a lovely great set of set of memories I have at Bed Bath & Beyond anyway
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
and EB Games.
Remember Babbage's?
Did you guys have a Babbage's?
No, we did have EB Games and we had Funco Land was the big one around here.
Well, you know, Dan started off with Funco Land.
Oh yeah, that doesn't surprise me at all.
And they'd give you the paper that had all the prices on it.
Yes, because they used to advertise in magazines.
Anyway, so I, fuck me, I played a bunch of stuff So last weekend I went to California Extreme, and if I'm looking down at my phone so I can figure out what the heck I played But California Extreme, for those who don't know, it's classic gaming, arcade machines mostly, they have candy cab setups
um you know the Japanese you know sit down style um they had a music game section that honestly I didn't really get too interested in um but it was it was pretty it was pretty fun I mean and we actually stayed this time so it was nice just being able to take my time and wander around and I think I hung out more with dealers you know um
In fact, I did a drink of whiskey with one of the dealers that I chat with every year.
It was nice.
I didn't get my amaretto sour like I normally do.
And I had a really, really good flatbread pizza, but that's besides the point.
So anyway, let me see.
I got to meet one of my heroes, kinda.
Was Warren Davis.
Do we know who he is, everybody?
he created Q-Bert and really nice guy really nice guy we just chatted for a while he knows a lot of the Star Trek people it was very interesting he's just a really cool guy I went to the Kroll panel about the making of the Kroll arcade machine and then the home release
and actually he's interested in coming on the show.
I'd love to have him.
I have an autographed copy of his book.
But I will only speak to him in Qbert speak.
and I told him I had the best home version and he's like which one is that and I'm like the ColecoVision and he's like yeah I want to ask him how terrible that Playstation 4 version was he probably won't even know what it is he'll be like tell me about it just don't do yourself a favor just go play the Coleco version that's us together I used to love the Coleco version of Q-Bert that was like my jam it was really the best one
Actually, what I'd like to know, he probably doesn't know, and I wouldn't want to bug him about that, but I would love to have a Qbert 1UP machine.
I'm going to say that, and somebody in chat is going to link it and be like, here, Rob, you dummy.
But I just haven't seen one out in the wild, or it packaged with other stuff.
So if they have one, they haven't had it out in the wild in a while.
But I'd love to have a Qbert 1UP.
Remember, by the way, when I covered the old handheld electronic games?
There were a bunch of the ones that I covered.
I didn't buy any.
Also, I don't know if I've spoken about these, but one of the tables had the Atari 2600 Halloween and Texas Chainsaw Massacre.
Oh, that's cool.
They were $700 a pop.
Someone else, while I was there, bought a piece of the original World of Warcraft server.
Oh yeah, I remember when they were selling those.
They auctioned those off for charity some time ago.
Yeah, that's pretty cool.
That was like $750?
Something like that?
There's a picture.
Alright, so also, now this made me happy, is that there was Gradius playing on a ColecoVision with the Super Game Module installed.
I know people are really able to see my phone.
Um...
But it's this big add-on.
If we were smarter, I'd have you send these pictures to me in advance.
I'll send you the pictures later.
I might make a video or something.
Yeah, it's going to take me time to compile it.
I was going to say, if you want to believe the leaks, there is a prototype Tetris and Q-Bert cabinet.
Oh, fuck.
Oh, that would be a good one.
Why is my camera all screwy now?
Because you were holding your phone up next to it.
That's right.
Yeah, I was going to say, Bobby just confirmed in chat there is no legit Qbert arcade one-up yet, which is a wink saying people have put it on their arcade one-ups because obviously you know people have hacked those things to run emulators.
So, which I don't know if I want to do.
Well, actually, I will say this.
My baby, sorry, Jamie, I don't mean to divert too much, but just quickly, my little, not baby Pac-Man, but my baby Miss Pac-Man Arcade 1-Up, I may be getting a different Pac-Man cab, and if I do, I might want to hack this one.
because it will overlap most of the games.
It just won't overlap Ms.
Pac-Man if I get the other ones.
So anyway, just saying that on my hack.
Anyway, sorry, Jamie.
All right, well, so yeah, stuff.
So as far as what I played, I played video pinball.
which honestly is kind of fun there was a group up there called Super Mad Ness that were doing rock covers of Nintendo and other video game franchises there was a guy, it was his first California Extreme who had CD-i games oh
And we got to talking for a little bit.
I played Journey.
I played Strider.
The joystick on that Strider was kind of messed up.
I played Krull.
I played Super Pac-Man.
So one of the tables that I spent a little bit of time at had a Paprium.
And he was selling it for $850.
And he was so mad about it.
There was also the JN Silent Bob Ball Brawl.
I played some Batsugun I played Oshaberry Proteus Arcade I played I have a picture of Dan playing Donkey Kong I played Kicks I played a lot of fucking Kicks My scores are on that Kicks If anyone sees S-A-K that is me Sock Sock I played R-Type
with another controller that needed some attention.
I picked up some games.
Hold on.
Well, while you're doing that, I just want to quickly answer a chat question.
Record WN says people bring their machines to the show, right?
Sounds awesome.
Yeah, that's basically what this whole thing is, is it's really a celebration of retro gaming and collecting.
And so private collectors bring their machines
machines to this exhibition hall, a hotel ballroom, I think.
I think it's technically a convention center attached to the Hyatt or whatever.
But they bring their machines to this, pinball machines, 80s machines, and so forth.
And that's why, as DarkSakura was saying, some of the controllers were a little wonky because they belong to private collectors and so forth.
But then they obviously have panels, vendors, and the vendors oftentimes specialize in how to fix these things up and all that.
Oh, and Rinchan is in chat.
Definitely saw them go through some Dodonpachi and also listed Devil Blade, Sai Daiojo.
But we played Nightmare in the Dark together and beat it.
That game, I freaking love that game.
I'm pissed it didn't come out.
So some of the games I picked up as I got Power of the Hired...
for Super Famicom.
And I'm going to reset my camera again.
And I got Wonder Project J. So now that I have these, that means I can play them for my retro night.
Wonder Project J fixed your camera, by the way.
Yes, Wonder Project J fixed my camera.
I got a bunch of posters.
Did you see what Melody got?
Our friend Melody.
She texted me.
She texted me a picture.
She said, do you know how much I spent at California Extreme this year?
And I'm just like, oh no.
And she replies, and it's a picture of her in front of a Foo Fighters pinball table in her house.
And I'm like, oh my god, another one of my friends.
Another one of my friends succumbs to pinball addiction.
Help, I'm surrounded by pinball addicts.
I may be ending up lending her one of mine.
But I did pick up, you know me, I'm not like the biggest of Pokemon fans, but I could not pass up this adorable Shichijiki.
That's cute.
So I looked at the yen sticker still on there.
It's like, so this was 500 yen.
I'll give you five bucks for it.
He's like, fine, because it's you.
That's funny.
It was the guy I shared the whiskey with.
I knew somebody in chat would say, Rob, it's your turn, which Bobby Blackwolf says there.
Probably not in this house.
It wasn't Oshaberry, it was Gokujo Parodia, sorry.
But yeah, I did watch Rin-chan succumb to the mermaid.
You just kind of have to bomb your way in with the mermaid, I swear.
Um...
But, you know, I wasn't really too excited.
Like, they had the Beatmania 3 and I always played the Beatmania 3 and this year I just didn't.
I didn't play DDR.
I didn't really play any of the other music games.
I just kind of, I don't know, wasn't feeling it for once.
And I'm kind of disappointed with myself.
But I spent a lot of time with the Candy Cabs and just like playing what, I think for me, this year was about people and I'm usually not
a very much people person I met a delightful artist I have to find where I put my badge but her name is also Jamie
and uh and she did these keychains i might be commissioning her for uh some art for myself but um she um i'm trying to find it's uh yojambo is is uh her online handle um but she did these adorable uh Baldur's Gate 3 like i have uh
Like a charm that's a starry and drinking from like a sippy cup of blood.
And I have one of Lae'zel and Shadowheart in there.
This is our get-along shirt.
So it was pretty, pretty fun.
I love her art style.
We talked shop for a little bit.
But mostly it was just like...
It was nice just to be able to stay and then soak in a very hot bathtub.
You were mentioning you were looking forward to that.
It's funny.
Yeah, Rin-chan, that was the artist there.
Yeah, she was there last year.
But we just stopped and was like, okay, do you spell it right?
And we were both like, yes, with an I-E.
It was funny.
But I had a really good time, you know, it was chill.
It was nice having the hotel room for another reason is because like sometimes that floor can get a little bit overwhelming or you might be a consumer whore like me and you need to go drop some stuff off or just drop yourself off.
I did a sit down for like a minute and then next thing I knew I had taken a 20 minute nap.
Yeah.
but yeah, it's I really, I can't speak highly enough of the convention center as well of
of the staff working it.
It was just... It was really just a wonderful time.
I mean, and Bobby, I get that having a room at Southern Fry Gaming Expo, even though you live 15 miles away.
We live a little bit further than that.
We're about two and a half hours of a drive, and especially with Bay Area traffic, please up.
But it was a really...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
and then there's always a Super Graphics that's there and a series of homebrew games, you know, Hither and Yawn and yeah, Atlanta traffic is hot garbage.
Mm-hmm.
Thanks to the Olympics!
Anyway, I just, I really, I mean, I know I've said over and over I've had a good time, but I really had a good time.
And the next day, like I said, I didn't know if it was COVID or chronic fatigue, but I was...
I couldn't move.
I was ready to be done when we got in the car, but I was still pushing myself to play different things like I wanted to.
Oh, and a 20-something year old tried to get my digits.
That's funny.
Nice.
We were like, I was like, oh yeah, I remember all of this when all I could get it was fan subbed.
I mean, like, that totally dated me.
Like, I remember being in college in the 90s and having fan subs of Dragon Ball Z and raw copies of Ranma 1.5 and getting all the Sailor Moon, blah, blah, blah.
And he's like, oh.
And so I'm at another table and he comes over and says, I hope this isn't too forward, but can I get your phone number?
And I'm like, and this is how I'm going to put people down gently from here on.
I can give you my email.
Hmm.
I don't like to use the me being married or with somebody else as an excuse because when you say no, no is the answer.
But I think he got the point and he was really nice about it.
But I was like, okay, okay.
My ego was a little bit stoked for a bit.
And I told Dan and he laughed.
That's not the response you're supposed to make!
You're supposed to go, wow, that's awesome!
No, I mean, he just, I thought it was funny.
I thought it was funny and adorable, and he was just like, oh, yeah.
And he looked a little gratified, so.
But yeah, that was my California extreme.
It was full of twists and surprises.
I'm glad you had a good time.
I'm sorry to keep missing it, but I was hosting a show on that Saturday night, so...
It happens.
But next year, next year, you gotta come.
Yeah, if there's not a conflict again, which there always seems to be one, but I'd love to go back.
I'd love to go back.
I would love to save up for DragonCon, but I've also... My big one is TwitchCon, so... Yeah, that's fair.
For me, TwitchCon over...
Yeah, I get it.
Big convention full of a lot, a lot, a lot, a lot, a lot, a lot of people.
Loki, let's go to you.
How was your gaming week?
Conventions or otherwise?
I don't think you went to any, though.
No, I didn't go to any conventions.
No, I mean, it's been a lot, so it's been a month now.
Oh, let's see.
Well, I'm doing lots of Minecraft as usual.
I'm not making a whole lot of content because I've been busy behind the scenes doing a bunch of stuff.
To be fair, you've been sick as hell.
Well, yeah, but that doesn't necessarily stop me.
So I've been behind the scenes updating our server to 1.21, which is the new version.
And with that, there's a lot of server migration, mod updates, mods not being supported anymore, and I'm having to create workarounds to get stuff in the game that we had in there before and all that fun stuff.
So it's been a lot of work to do all that.
I'm still working on that stuff.
But I also did compete in a build competition with Ross Cumber.
It's her Build by Build event, which essentially is a charity event that supports diabetes research.
And they had a bunch of celebrity judges from Hermitcraft and other things.
So there's two Hermits from Hermitcraft and a few other folks that are...
One guy from Empires and stuff like that.
I did end up winning one of the categories.
So I had a pretty awesome build with Penko, which is the mascot.
It's like a blue cat.
And so I did like a...
I guess it's like a diorama, but not really.
It was a bunch of giant builds that were essentially Penko sleeping, and then there was some different dreams that the cat was having, so it was eating a bowl.
Penko?
How's that spelled?
Just like the breadcrumbs.
Oh, like Ponko.
Ponko, yeah.
I was trying to look up the cat because I wanted to see.
Yeah, I posted it on Twitter.
Oh, what a cutie!
Yeah, so it's on Twitter.
And so essentially, I built the cat sleeping, the cat eating sushi, doing a superhero landing pose, and then laying on a cloud, playing with the moon like a ball of yarn.
so I did all that and I won that most panko category which it was just they split it up in like um I think most creative uh most panko most blue most um judges choice and some other thing there's apparently also a cat called named panko a cat panko a cat but that's awfully cute I'm gonna see I'm gonna see your work
Yeah, so there's the build there.
It's kind of hard to get it all in one screenshot.
Wow.
That's really good.
Good for you.
Thank you.
And so yeah, I did that.
So that was fun.
And then I've been working on stuff for the theme park in Channel 64 as well as on another SMP right now.
We're doing a kind of a survival challenge thing that's all in a frozen world.
So there's not like certain resources.
I've been playing that as well.
But on Channel 64, I have two rides that I've got
I have a Crazy Mouse coaster that's going to be... It's sort of based off of the now... I mean, it was a long time ago that they took it down, but the Crazy Mouse that was at Santa Cruz Beach Boardwalk.
Long time ago, but pre-Log Flumes there.
And then...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Thanks for watching!
Drop Tower Ride that is in the game now.
So I'll be building that in an episode hopefully coming soon.
It's been a month.
So I've been trying to keep up on that.
But yeah, making progress.
It's pretty good.
Oh, and in other games, not so much in other games.
I did get to play some laser tag at Santa Cruz Beach Boardwalk and I still have it.
I still got it.
I destroyed them.
and uh yeah I didn't get to play any games necessarily I did get to see an Indigroove 3 machine which I'm like okay that's not a thing but there it is um so that was interesting where the DDR Extreme used to be which I think is my machine but I don't know why it's still there so I maybe it's not from the boardwalk but that's where the guy said it was from originally but they do have three arcades so it's hard to say um
but yeah, it's been fun so vacation, you know, COVID and busy with other things
Alright.
Well, my give me week, I'm sorry to say I haven't played a lot of new stuff to talk about.
You know, I'm continuing my adventures in Final Fantasy XIV Dawn Trail.
I'm a little... I got a little blindsided by the fact that the Diablo 4 season ends on Tuesday, and I didn't finish the Battle Pass this time around, which is the first season.
I didn't do it.
It's not because I was disinterested in Diablo, but I just... I went full in on Final Fantasy XIV, so I don't know if I'll do the next season, which is very odd for me to say about Diablo, but I just...
I want to catch up on some other games I have some things I like to play I've actually still been playing the Nintendo World Championships game just going to get my scores I've really tried to clear every challenge with an A or better and I'm through most of the games I only have a few games left Kirby's one of them Mario 3 is actually one of them and there's a couple games I still have to do but I've done like I did Zelda 2 which I figured would be really hard and it was difficult but it wasn't that hard because you have to kill like all the bosses
The only one that's made you play the complete game so far anyway is the original Super Mario Bros.
All the others are like play a level in the game or clear something like... It's usually like 1-1 or the equivalent of the first stage.
Like the last Kid Icarus is beat 1-1.
And the last...
No, Donkey Kong actually is a complete game loop.
You have to beat a complete game loop one time.
So you have to do the ladders board.
You have to do the... I don't know what you call the board with the lifts and all that stuff with the little... Is that Pie Factory?
No, Pie Factory wasn't in the NES version.
And then the rivets board.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Tonight, well, tomorrow morning at like 10 a.m.
So we were pushing these badges to unlock and I don't know how to explain because I know not a lot of you play the same game, but like it would be the equivalent of like spinning 10,000 Pokestops is basically what I don't know how else to say it.
So we've been going hard in that game.
No, it's not.
No, it's not hacks.
It's links.
So throwing the equivalent of it's 10,000 points at three points a link.
so you do the math like 3,300 links in the scope of two weeks and I was sick the first week
So I went hard on that game this week, but I did it.
I did it.
So yeah, good times.
All right.
Anyway, let's get into some more gaming news.
And unfortunately, it's not good news.
No, it's not.
No, it is.
It is more things that are going to make you angry.
I'm sorry to say, but we don't write the news.
We just report it.
Loki.
Life is pain, anyone who tells you different is selling something.
Yes, so Bungie is undergoing lots of changes with layoffs and massive restructuring as they incorporate themselves more into Sony and spinning off one of their in-development games into separate PlayStation Studios.
CEO Pete Parsons called it a difficult and painful day for the team.
Yes, I'm sure it's very difficult and painful for CEO Pete Parsons who has spent the entire time since they got purchased by Sony purchasing classic cars for millions of dollars.
I'm sure it's really tough for him.
So tough that he had to go purchase some more classic cars after this whole announcement came out.
So that's great.
Um...
Anyways...
There's something very satisfying about watching what's happening with him because CEOs need to be accountable, especially in these crass situations.
This is why people hate the rich.
This is why people hate the rich.
How did you get rich?
from the Destiny 2 community lead, Dylan Gaffner, who responded to the announcement from Bungie on Twitter saying, inexcusable industry leading talent being lost yet again.
Accountability falling upon the workers who have pushed the needle to develop or deliver our community time and time again.
Please maintain focus on those who have lost their position and income.
Offer help where you can.
And according to CEO Parsons, the statement going out, due to rising costs of development and industry shifts, as well as enduring economic conditions, has become clear that we need to make substantial changes to our cost structure and focus development on entirely on Destiny and Marathon.
This means beginning today, 220 of our roles will be eliminated, representing roughly 17% of our studio's workforce.
and they're integrating it says we are deepening our integration with Sony Interactive Entertainment working to integrate 155 of our roles roughly 12% over the next few quarters but yeah I mean I don't really feel bad for him honestly and I feel that maybe pay the CEO less maybe pay them less because he's obviously not doing a lot of work here could he sell a car?
I mean, he could sell plenty of cars.
He's got, like, 20-plus cars.
And why does somebody need 20 cars?
Because he's a collector.
It's just his hobby.
Oh, okay.
It's just his hobby.
Okay.
Well, maybe I need to shut the fuck up because I have arcade machines behind me, but they're wrapped up.
They're sold at Walmart.
But, you know, I'm also not in this business of being so callous, but whatever.
I mean, yeah, so essentially, even like two months ago, he says a winning bid of $91,500 for a 1961 blue Chevrolet Corvette.
Essentially, they're all tracking this through the website Bring a Trailer, which is like an auction site for classic cars.
But yeah, I mean, I don't really... I don't feel bad for him at all, honestly.
It's just...
Well, and the people I feel bad for are the people on the front lines.
And I understand that Destiny 2 probably has been struggling a little bit and has not performed up to the expectations they had for it.
And my understanding is there is no plans for another – I don't think another – I'm sorry if I'm misstating, but I don't think there's another Destiny 2 expansion being planned because you know people are squawking that got laid off talking about what's going on, which I don't blame them.
and Destiny 3 is not in the cards.
So Destiny is essentially kind of you got what you got and that's it.
Now obviously Marathon is on the horizon and there's a lot of...
spiritual successor if you will sort of thing although I realize that's ironic as Marathon was Bungie's original title but I think we all know all these years later it's going to look very very very very different so yeah so I mean I understand that decisions were made that is causing Destiny to not need as many resources as it had before however who ultimately made those decisions?
Was it the hardworking artists?
Programmers?
No, it's investors and stuff like that because, once again, you have to keep making infinite growth, which is impossible.
But that's why we see this cycle of hiring and firing, layoffs and all this stuff, especially when they have a successful product.
It's to make that infinite growth happen so that the investors are happy.
Yeah.
because every game thinks it can be the next Fortnite scale, Genshin Impact scale game, Pokemon Go scale game that makes that kind of money.
Everybody is convinced that is going to be their game.
And the best way to do it is to copy it.
I'm not saying that's what Destiny is doing before you all want to fight me.
However...
as a free-to-play game, I think there were certain expectations of the marketplace based on the performance of certain other free-to-play games that I feel like these financial forecasters are consistently setting these companies up for failure by these way too unrealistic expectations that everybody's going to have the next big hot fucking thing in gaming.
and it's not that Destiny 2 is bad by any means and Destiny 2 had an audience even I played Destiny 2 a little bit and I thought it was kind of you know I'm not and I'm not a big shooty shooty bang bang game player but I liked it was kind of like oh it kind of has like RPG mechanics but it's like a shooter like it's kind of a neat little twist on it and I like the little racing modes were cute uh so you know there were things I appreciated about Destiny um but yeah I just um
it's just difficult to see time and time again these astronomical projections were made and people thought as a result their dreams would be fulfilled only to have them yanked away because oops we weren't being realistic anyway
Let's move on.
Let's talk about other news that's kind of a bummer, but nobody's losing their job, I guess, is the silver lining here.
And I believe in this case, the internet will have this live on.
And this is the closure of romhacking.net.
Ramhacking.net, of course, is a website where they really specialize in various romhacks.
Now, you may think of romhacks as a variety of different things.
You may think of them as very juvenile things where they've replaced Mario with a penis, things like that.
Because I remember when I was in college, those are the romhacks you would see all the time would be Super Mario, Big Penis, things like that.
That's, of course, where romhacking probably started.
But obviously it's come a long way and it's refined.
And while there is still that stuff, if you want to find it, there's a lot of pretty incredible things that ROM hacking has done as well, such as, oh, I don't know, translating games that were never released in English would be a pretty big one.
Fixing bugs in games that were released, even though they were buggy because to make investors happy.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
and RomHacking.net was a huge hub for this type of stuff.
And RomHacking.net had been around about as long as this show, 20 years.
But they have decided to wind things down.
There's a whole lot of other talk about the why behind all this.
I don't think I really want to get into it.
We're just going to say, for whatever reason and various reasons, this site has decided to call it a day.
The good news is it doesn't mean all those ROM hacks are suddenly, bam, deleted.
Because, of course, once on the internet, always on the internet.
And the site database, including all of the files and images, not your account info, but everything, was submitted to the internet archive.
So all of those ROM hacks, today anyway, are on the internet archive of database and download files.
So that's pretty cool.
They're going to keep some parts of the site open, like forums and so forth.
That's it.
Otherwise.
Now, this doesn't mean that the ROM hacking community will die.
No, it won't.
I say give it time.
There will probably be a few people that are kind of competing so-and-so to be the next one to these websites.
But give it time, and I think the community will establish itself under a new banner and keep this sort of thing alive.
Because, yeah, I mean, we talked about earlier in the show when we were talking about Fallout London.
I mean, maybe ROM hacks and modding are kind of different things, but they're also kind of not.
you know like it is modding in a different kind of sense so it's a very talented community and it's gonna go on and it really comes out of a love for retro games and trying to do different things with them so yeah NinjaBuddy in chat says pour one out for romhacking.net yeah
SJ100Matt says, yeah, I was there recently for that silly ROM hack of Zelda 2 running on the Super Nintendo.
Yeah.
Dartetsuya said, funny story.
I tried to translate an Othello Game Boy Color game and it's actually still up for the moment.
Yeah, once on the internet, all on the internet.
So...
Yeah, QuestBuster says contributors will always find a way to get their stuff out, whether it's on GitHub or their own personal sites.
100%.
The community has not died, but it's just one of the big flagships, one of the big cornerstones of the community is sunsetting.
But hey, at least unlike the multi-million dollar GameStop corporation, they didn't delete the entire fucking archives as a tax write-off.
So thank you, at least to that.
Whatever drama might be going on behind the scenes, at least thank you for doing the right thing with that, romhacking.net.
All right, I think this one is technically from the week we were out.
However, it's a huge story.
We've got to talk about it.
Let's go to DarkSakura, who is muted on Discord currently.
So once again, there is a voice actor strike and it is about AI.
And honestly, I saw this coming because when companies are going right back and saying that they were going to do things that...
So they had agreements with voice actors and the voice actors were like, we didn't agree to this.
I saw this was going to happen again.
But voice actors are on strike because of the involvement in generative AI.
After has been in contact with major video game companies for more than half of the year and are now, you know, they wanted things like, you know, clear safety, protection measures, five minute breaks per hour of on-camera work, having an on-set medic when performing stunts, you know, things going in that we want to see happen, we want people's safety, but now artificial intelligence is the big thing.
Um...
Veronica Taylor, a video game actor who is involved in this, said that she found her voice in voice banks where people can take her voice, and this is a quote, and make it say things I never said.
Companies are saying they're offering AI protection, but union members say that they do not extend to everybody.
And people who do mocap, motion capture, they're afraid now that they're
The digital actions that they performed could be put in a database without their consent.
So, you know, this...
It's not that their work is just data.
It was done by an actual person who should be paid for their work.
And I understand as a designer, typically, if I do a piece, once I give that to my client, it becomes theirs.
But I also have it out there with the understanding that it's not going to be tore into pieces and reused for people who didn't pay me for it.
You know what I mean?
I'm not going to draw a logo for a company only to have half of that logo given to another company to use for free.
So...
I'm fully behind this.
I think that this is something, and I'm glad that we're getting this done still in early days of the technology because people are pushing this shit way too hard and I am not into it.
So...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
and the company and so forth but there are many many other people who do not support this especially though you know and if you consider James Earl Jones's motivation for doing it where literally he is getting to the point where he can't do it anymore it's very different than this you know like the voice actress you cited there who is just finding that her voice is being you know lifted for this type of thing and that is ridiculous and this is why people are so anti-AI art right now um
is because it is robbing people of these opportunities to do these sorts of performances for themselves when you see the generative stuff being lifted without their permission.
So these actors absolutely need these sorts of protections and need to be – yeah, I support them 100% in what they're going for here.
And actors in Hollywood got the same thing, so good for them.
That's between him.
That's not quite what I'm talking about.
No, I know.
Not...
He's not going to be added into a database for people to pretend it's not James Earl Jones.
His is specific to a purpose.
That's not quite the same thing.
AI is inevitably happening in this industry and can be a good thing.
I don't want to sound like I'm anti-AI because how are we going to get to 8K graphics and whatever is in the future and all this stuff?
AI that is trained on processes and art the company has created, that's how it's going to get there and tools that incorporate that and
Procedures that are usually a little more manual being a little more automatic.
That's how it's going to get there.
But that doesn't mean that you take that from other companies or people on the internet type of thing.
Yeah, that's where I'm at with it.
If I could, I would actually love to play a message from Jennifer Hale because we love her here.
And she actually put a minute-long message onto her Twitter account over at JHaleTweets where she's talking about this.
Will you say something, DarkSakura?
I just said let's do it.
Yeah, I'm going to do it.
I'm sorry to my co-host because the way we're raged, you're not going to be able to hear it.
But let me go ahead and play it and then we will sum it up because, yeah, I stand by her.
So let's do it.
Hi, Jennifer Hale, voice actor here.
I'm reaching out to all my fellow voice actors.
I am not taking any struck work and I ask that you don't either and I'm going to tell you exactly why.
We have to protect ourselves from something called generative AI.
what that means is that they could for example lift all my lines from previous Mass Effects etc and in not too long a time they'll have the ability to create an entirely brand new Mass Effect game put me in it without my permission and without ever paying me they are working on that technology now most devs don't want to do this most of the people in that negotiating room i don't think want to do this it's just a few corporate holdouts now ask yourself they're making a lot of money off this
Where's that money going?
It's going to the bonuses and the shareholders and the profit grabbers and slowly strangling the working people.
We actors are just the canary in the coal mine.
This money grab is coming for all of us.
Let's stand together and say no thank you.
She says that so, so well.
There's a reason why.
And of course, because Jennifer Hale is amazing.
She says that so well.
There's a reason why I wanted to play that.
Because number one, you notice how she says there at the end, this is the canary in the coal mine that's coming for the rest of us.
Voice actors are the canary in the coal mine.
She's absolutely right.
And when she says, she says, most of the people in the room don't want to do this.
It's a few corporate holdouts.
The reason why I played that is because it ties into everything else we've been talking about this evening about these companies that have ended up in these shitty situations because of bad decisions being made by higher-ups.
That is what the higher-ups want to do to cut costs, is they want to have an AI-generated Commander Shepard, which I will not accept as a Mass Effect fan.
um there's also uh SAG-AFTRA put out a TikTok as well I'll just link it for chat but it's on their official TikTok so anyway again I'm sorry I didn't get permission to play that but I'm hoping that Jennifer Hill would not mind uh me spreading her gospel around because I think she nailed it there so um thank you Jennifer Hill for saying that so and um big fan of your work so all right um
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
for those panels, just like it was a year ago when it was the film industry and conventions that had film actors and stuff.
It's going to be very interesting because they are not going to be able to talk about struck work, which is an awful lot of it.
I mean, there are some work that's outside of it.
You have a database you can search and all this stuff, but it's going to be very interesting to talk to those folks without talking about their work necessarily.
Yeah.
So I'm hoping for a quick resolution to the strike that is in the voice actor's favor for sure.
Yeah, SGO100Matt says, I don't think it will be as long as the film industry one.
I don't either, to be honest.
I don't, and I'm really hopeful.
I hope I'm not being foolish.
I'm really hopeful.
I will say the way this was all timed, they were able to do Comic-Con promotion because there's some video game content at Comic-Con.
They were able to, because it was too quick.
Like the strike happened the day Comic-Con started.
So they exempted Comic-Con
But other conventions after that, including one that might be very front of mind for me, is going to be very interesting to see what happens.
So fingers crossed that the voice actors get what they want and that hopefully there's some truth to what Jennifer Salehill is thinking is that most of the people in the room don't want this and they're able to get everybody on their side real quick.
All right.
Loki, I don't even know how to set this next article up because I'm over the age of 18.
And so none of this makes sense to me.
So you may have to explain some of this to me, Loki.
All right.
I will explain this to you.
Please.
Instead of explain like I'm five, I need you to explain like I'm 45.
Okay.
So let's step back a little bit.
So in case you haven't heard, and why would you, we are now in the age of 2024 where viral YouTube videos are now being made into full blockbuster production things by Michael Bay.
This is the reality that we live in now.
So, the new hotness that is out there right now on YouTube, Skibbity Toilet, is a... What?
What is this?
It's essentially, um, it's a series that has been running for a while now.
There's lots of different videos.
It is, um...
the Source Filmmaker stuff so it's all of the Team Fortress 2 Half-Life Is that related to the Scatman?
Not necessarily it's a different song but yes, essentially it is a character that was made of Half-Life 2 models and a toilet so it's head was coming out of a toilet and singing a song and then it spun off into this weird dystopian war thing with these giant machines and
Weird, creepy things.
And then Michael Bay is like, yes, I will make a movie and a TV series out of this.
To which I'm like... I mean, I watch this because it sounds like trash, but there will be explosions and if there is somebody going to do this, Michael Bay would probably be the perfect person to do this, but...
I don't know.
Anyways, so this was all, of course, created originally with help of, like, Garry's Mod and stuff like that to even create these characters.
So, it was really strange when all of a sudden that Garry's Mod is receiving a cease and desist, or a DMCA takedown of the Skibity Toilet characters.
Considering that that's not even really their you know, their
Thank you for watching!
That's been resolved, and that, according to the creator of the Skibbity Toys and stuff, that it wasn't from him, and it wasn't from the production company, and it may have been somebody posing as them, creating that takedown, or essentially...
and so now that's all been resolved but what hasn't been resolved is the knowledge now that you have that there is a movie coming from movie and TV show let's get that right coming from Michael Bay starring giant toilets and giant people with television heads fighting each other in a crazy war and with assets from the Source Engine like
How is that even a thing that is going to exist in the world now?
Can you imagine even outside of just this weird stuff?
Remember when back in the day Valve used to put out cool Team Fortress 2 animations?
Imagine someone saw that and was like, yes, let's make a movie out of that.
Except now it makes no sense whatsoever because it's this crazy storyline that involves giant toilets.
Oh, I'm sorry.
What the heck is going on?
That's episode one.
Is this... Not necessarily...
it's sort of kind of not really it's like distorted but episode one is nothing like you need to go like to episode like 60 or something so that's like the initial thing and that's what it started as and then it just gets stranger and stranger
Okay, so that's the trash that it is now, or was.
Okay, now you need to go to episode 60 or 50 or something like that and just see what it's turned into.
I don't like to talk about this man, but because it was a part of pop culture for a minute, I can't help but think of R. Kelly's Trapped in the Closet.
And I don't like to talk about him, and you all know why, but I can't help but think about that for some reason.
Okay, you said go to episode 60?
50 or 60, it's just gonna not resemble anything whatsoever here we go, episode 59, I think this says so close enough, right?
sorry everybody, let's take a look at this and now I'm just looking at this giant mech that looks like Legion from Mass Effect is taking off and flying and there's these cameras oh, there's the toilet
Oh my god, that's disturbing.
I can't.
No.
I'm not watching it.
This is what the movie's gonna be.
It's this type of stuff.
I'm tired of this world.
I don't want to be a part of it anymore.
I'm gonna become a Luddite.
I'm day one, man.
I'm day one gonna go see this.
Absolutely.
No, Rob.
Are children on drugs?
Because I can see that this is the type of thing that maybe you put on the TV while you're high as fucking fuck.
Like while you're like 420 blaze it.
Actually, I would say 4,200 blaze it.
That is what that is that I just saw.
And 12-year-olds, your kids like that, Loki?
Yeah.
But, um, yeah
Alright, so we all learned something tonight.
We probably didn't need to, but we're just... DarkSakura, we're just trying to be cool and hip.
Can I unlearn, please?
I literally feel like I'm one of those 80-year-olds on that fucking Grandpa Reacts and Grandma Reacts channel watching something that kids are into.
I just can't imagine how this is gonna work.
I mean, I guess they're gonna have to license that from Valve, but like...
now here's the thing is it actually going to come out or are we gonna see that this gets cancelled I can only hope that it comes out just because you like bad movies this is gonna be well I like Xanadu but that was better than this
This is just going to be whatever it is is going to be amazing.
It's just going to be the trashiest of trash and I can't wait to see Skivity Toilet, number one at the box office.
Oh, and then, because you know how, like, movie studios copy other movie studios, so it's going to be like, oh, man, what trend can we get on next?
And it's just going to be so much meme trash out there.
Oh, my God.
It's going to be.
Rin Mari is 100% right, though, saying, I mean, Emoji Movie, unfortunately, exists.
Like, and don't get me wrong, like, there's a lot of internet memes are really funny.
So there's this song out there, and, you know, I know you don't all listen to girly pop, but Kesha is back because she is.
I love Kesha.
and DarkSakura.
It is cinema excellence, and I highly encourage you to watch the Joyride meme video.
I traveled there and back.
It was incredible.
I'd play it for you, but I know that's a copyrighted song, so I can't play it.
We are getting Angry Birds 3.
Yeah, well, the Angry Birds movies are good, actually.
They're good kid movies, but...
Yeah, I mean, we've seen some, like, obviously some of these that are based off of viral videos, like
Have we forgotten about Pixels?
Remember that trash?
I did go and see that movie.
Damn it, what was the name of that movie?
It was based off the epic Twitter thread about the girl who they went to go do stripping in Florida somewhere and it turned into this whole big thing.
Alan actually took me to see that movie.
So yeah, we saw a movie based off a Twitter thread.
It was interesting.
I didn't hate it.
I was like, this is wild.
It was very much, if I would describe it as a meme, it would be the old lady saying, what?
That was me.
I think this is going to be great.
I can't wait for a future that has a new Michael Bay skibbity toilet movie because
Zola was the movie and I actually looked up Twitter thread movie and it was the first result Zola, that was the name of the movie the only thing greater than a Skibity Toilet I mean there's a lot of things greater than a Skibity Toilet movie but the only thing greater that I can imagine Michael Bay doing as a movie based off of like something in the video game realms would be a Michael Bay Earth Defense Force movie would be amazing and I would see that also day one
All right.
SSJ wants to know if the toilet... I think Michael Bay read Starship Troopers.
It would lose a lot, but I would still watch it.
SSJ100 Matt in chat says, is the toilet being played by Chris Pratt?
It's pretty funny.
Maybe.
Alright, maybe.
Alright, well, uh, if you... Oh, oh, oh, hold on, hold on, hold on.
Have you seen... Have you seen the, um, style guide leaks of the Minecraft movie assets?
Like, what the mobs and stuff look like in that?
No.
That's a horror show coming very soon.
Uh-oh.
So that's right around the corner as well.
Also gonna see it day one, because it's gonna be trash.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Like the Winter Olympics and curling.
Come on.
Who doesn't love curling during the Winter Olympics?
And, you know, the Summer Olympics has this stuff.
And obviously there's lots of memes coming out of the Olympics, like the guy from Turkey who won the shooting competition who looks like an assassin.
And then a picture showed up of him and his cat.
And the caption was something like, you know, if someone fucks with that cat, they're dead.
That's like the show I just... I started watching Samurai Cat, by the way.
Oh, nice.
It just makes me think of that offhand.
And then, of course, you know, my perverted ass is thinking about the pole vaulter who lost because he knocked over the pole on the pole vault.
Because you know what pole vaulting is.
You go and you can't knock over the pole.
He knocked over the pole with his pole.
Unfortunately...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
And, well, the pummel horse guy is also loved by a lot of people.
Not for that reason, but just, you know, because he looks like a nerd.
He looks like a total nerd who does pole vaulting.
It's great.
Anyway, I'm not bringing up the Olympics just to talk about the memes, but, you know, yeah, Bonds006Chat says, These memes from the Olympic just confirm we should never have gotten internet.
or the opening ceremony with Gojira playing on the side of the oh that was pretty awesome I will say the Celine Dion performance if that didn't get you verklempt especially if you know I just care about Gaga
I know but you know all the stuff Celine Dion's been going through is really heartbreaking like you know her voice and the therapy and all that stuff and she at least was struggling she that was the first time she sang publicly anyway in like two years was the opening ceremony and like I'll admit it I shed a tear like it was it was gorgeous it was beautiful yes Gaga was great too but that was Celine Dion's moment yeah and Snoop at the Olympics I have to agree with that I love Snoop Dogg he's he's
He's like a fun grandpa right now.
He really is.
Uncle Snoop.
All right.
Anyway, what was it?
Oh, yes.
Unfortunately, I have some not so great news about the Olympics because usually a new Olympic Games means we're going to get a Mario and Sonic at the Olympic Games, right?
Like we got a Tokyo one before the Tokyo Olympics actually happened.
Thanks, COVID, because it was branded Tokyo 2020 because you all know what happened there.
But, you know, we had one for the Olympics before that and so on.
We don't have a Mario and Sonic Olympic Games this year.
And people are going, well, what happened there?
Unfortunately, a veteran behind the Mario and Sonic at the Olympic Games series confirmed in an interview with Eurogamer that the decision to end the franchise rested with the International Olympic Committee, who has chosen not to renew the licensing deal with Nintendo and Sega.
So it lapsed after the Tokyo Games.
So unfortunately, according to Lee Cocker, who worked on most of those games in the series, quote, they wanted to look at other partners and NFTs and esports.
Basically, the IOC wanted to bring it back to themselves internally and look at other partners so they would get more money.
And so sure enough, there is a game that came out called Olympics Go Paris.
It is a smartphone, free-to-play game.
It's created by a company called Enway, based out of Seoul.
And they previously, before this, developed Power Rangers-related games.
I don't know specifically which ones.
And there's a PC version of the game, too, on the Epic Games Store.
I mean, it has a really cheap DDR-looking mode, but I'm sure it plays...
probably like the Commodore 64 version of Summer Games played, which was a good game then in 1984.
But yeah, there's NFTs in the game.
Quote, on the game's website, olympicsgo.enway.com, join the excitement of the Olympic Games Paris 2024 with Enway's officially licensed Commemorative Paris 2024 NFT digital pin collection.
You can claim a legendary or epic pin.
I'm not reading the rest of it because we all know this is...
Be sure to have an ETH L2-based supported wallet to secure yours today.
Sorry, I left mine in my Skibidibi toilet.
Sorry.
You can tell that the IOC got conned a couple of years ago when everybody thought NFTs were going to be the fucking next big thing.
And here they are.
holding it out, being hung out to dry.
Because what's going to make more money?
This or Mario and Sonic at the Olympic Games?
I think they're going to be crying very sad, sad, bitter tears.
TigerClaw in chat says those NFTs are going to fail and then the IOC will want to go back to Sega, who I hope asks for more money.
Yes.
Anyway, let's move on, DarkSakura.
We've had some news.
I'm not going to say much news.
But Humble Games has actually done one last release before they're doing a restructuring.
they were doing this they had released Bow Path of the Teal Lotus and they have a Patreon to support the game quote in these uncertain times the developer SquidShock said that they didn't fault any of the team's work but Humble's changes have meant this is a quote here we have missed out on critical post-launch support which may put our studio's future at risk
I went ahead and just bought the game at full price just now.
Not just now, but earlier today, so I can make sure that I got it.
But also within hours of Humble's post, they said that, and this is another quote, lost access to the pipeline of critical systems without warning.
They're still managing the game on Steam, and they were able to get a patch out.
They cannot say the same for consoles.
So, yeah, Humble's kind of screwing them over.
I mean, I don't think intentionally, but still.
They go on further on their post.
It says, despite this, our launch was not without its challenges.
Our publisher shutting down has meant we have missed out on critical post-launch support.
I just said that.
We want to make it crystal clear this is in no way the fault of the Humble Games team we worked with.
It's just a sad time in the industry and ultimately we understand.
And they are working on helping restore access to console versions.
This comes also after 36 Humble Games employees were laid off.
Like I said, I don't know.
I'm out of things to say.
I warned at the top of the show, the news isn't pleasant this week.
And I'm not going to lie, y'all.
It makes it really hard to have an enthusiast show when there really isn't anything to get enthusiastic about these days.
Or I should say few and far between.
I'm wondering where Humble is losing money as a predominantly charitable... Weren't they originally just a charitable company?
Yeah, they were purchased by IGN, but it's not Humble Bundle, it's Humble Games that shut down their publishing arm.
Yeah, I mean, but even so, I'm wondering how much actual financial support that aspect of it gets.
Yeah.
I'd really, that's what I kind of want to reserve a little bit of judgment for.
But at the same time, it seemed like this also might have been something that might have been trying to fight against.
Because they were saying, one of their representatives had said that they were just restructuring but not shutting down.
But some of their former employees are saying that it might be the opposite, that it might actually be shutting down.
Yeah.
I mean, would you say that we are coming up on our next big crash?
Didn't I get into this about six months ago?
I feel like you're saying what I did say when we were talking about a lot of these layoffs.
Yeah, I said I feel like, yeah, this is a form.
It's not the same thing because I think I mentioned – I wish I remember what episode number that was because I'd love to go back and listen to it.
I don't love to listen to old episodes of this show oftentimes because we don't always get it right.
But that one I'd love to go back and listen to because –
I was talking about the crash of 84 and it's different this time because we're buoyed up by indie games and we still will always kind of have that but I do feel like there is a big bubble that is bursting that is very reminiscent of the crash of 84 in some ways and too many people thinking they can cash in a big dollar I mean maybe it's not Atari 2600 cartridges but it's $70 video games or games with battle passes out the wazoo that there's too many cooks in the kitchen and it's causing the bubble to burst
I think there's a little bit more to it.
We're also coming right out of the post-COVID shutdown where basically video games were what people had to do.
I mean, and especially for a lot of the online community-based games.
I mean, we saw... I mean, I know I've said this before.
I know it wasn't on purpose, but damn Animal Crossing came out at the right time.
You know, but now people...
are basically going out and I mean, pardon me for saying they're going out and touching their grass and breathing the air.
You know, they're doing things.
They're working not from home.
They're able, you know, we've built up more immunity.
We've got more people vaccinated, even though there are still idiots out there who won't do it.
But overall, we have people re-engaging with society in ways that don't involve something that would have you at home to do.
So,
I mean introverts like me we're like yeah more games please please please but not everyone's like that and I think it's coming along with that massive social change but I mean but that's not to say that there isn't a you know a more widespread economy issue going on because we're also I saw on the Verve not long ago that Intel laid off 15,000 people
Let me just double check that real quick.
While you're saying that, I just want to say I think another big contributor to this whole thing too is what we were just talking about in the previous story.
The industry getting suckered by these ridiculous ideas like NFT, crypto, and what that was going to do for the industry.
Companies are getting suckered by what that is going to do into a false bottom line that gamers as a whole have rightfully rejected.
And next on the chopping block is stolen...
I think they're gonna eventually start understanding that we are also a more aware society.
and whether or not you know they want to see us as being in our own little community bubbles we have our fingers out there and we see and most of you know we grow up with the technology and we're seeing also more I would say younger gamers also thinking in terms of where this works in the real world being more socially conscious with with what they're doing with their money and what they're spending it on.
But yeah, I found what I was looking at.
Intel is laying off 15,000 employees and is stopping, quote, non-essential work.
So they're also looking that there could be more layoffs than that.
They're reducing R&D.
So yeah, so basically a lot of tech companies are cutting out some of their innovation too.
But I think that...
I'm going to switch gears for just a second.
I think that these companies, the people who are making the decisions about them, don't understand the technology that they're making the decision about.
like boardroom CEO says oh NFTs are the big thing I see the theory of this let's put it into practice without having any real world evidence of how it's actually going to work or how how people feel about it you know they're just like oh this is new it innovates it sets us apart let's do it when in reality it sets you apart in the wrong way it it sets one apart the way that um
Having a highly contagious illness sets you apart from society.
You got to stay locked up at home because no one wants to get sick either.
They don't want that happening to them.
So I really think, or I think that maybe somebody on the floor has a good idea and it might involve one of those technologies.
And when they explain this to the non-tech oriented person who deals only with money and the company,
At the same time, they're not going to really understand it and just say, oh, this can make money instead of, oh, we need to put all this work in it to implement it.
You're back, Loki.
We got you.
Yeah, internet hiccup and then Discord's like, I'm confused.
No, yeah, you're good.
Sorry, DarkSakura.
Well, you heard what I had to say.
I did.
And I did want to read this comment from SSJ100Mad as well that says, I think where it landed was that this crash will be more like a cooling where we would say fewer and fewer AAA games because the cost to make those games is so high and that we'll see more remakes in between those releases.
You know,
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
and so on.
otherwise they tend to resist a lot of the big trends online fucking there's no friends leaderboard in Nintendo World Championships which is redonkulous but their resistance to things like NFTs, AI they're resisting a lot of this stuff within Nintendo and so it's going to be very I feel like the Switch 2 is going to come out at a very interesting time in gaming
or Nintendo could really run away with it.
If they have the right lineup that's solid.
I mean, I think that thing's going to be a hit almost no matter what.
But I mean, this could be a real record breaker.
We'll see.
We'll see.
All right, moving on.
Let's get to our next story, Loki.
We haven't talked about Microsoft a lot tonight.
So sure, let's talk about them.
Yeah, so Microsoft and Activision are creating a brand new Splinter Studio.
It's going to focus on AA development.
I guess when they were talking about all those smaller indie games that are successful that they then laid off studios for, they're now creating a studio to make those games.
You know, that makes sense.
So, yeah, apparently, according to sources reported by Windows Central, indicate that Microsoft and Activision have approved the creation of a new team with its Blizzard subsidiary comprised mostly of employees from King.
And they're told that Microsoft and Activision's new team within Blizzard is tasked to work on AA smaller games based on existing franchises within the Blizzard universes.
Given that King is focused on mobile games, it's possible that these will be mobile games aimed to support the Xbox mobile gaming store on iOS and Android that's supposed to be upcoming.
But not necessarily certain that they'll be specifically mobile.
It could be expanded to other things other than mobile as well.
so interesting i guess um i don't think this is gonna be as significant as like say another uh hi-fi rush or something like that because it's we're talking sounds like smaller projects but yeah it's disappointing to see them kind of exchange good studios for i mean this is probably a decent studio but the projects sound less uh exciting
Yeah, I'll be interested to see what they kind of come up with.
But it is kind of what you said there at the beginning, Loki.
It's a little weird to see them creating a new studio.
And I understand there's, you know, with the mobile and everything, it's different sort of things at play.
But the optics of that are just so weird, right?
Yeah, it feels like stuff that, like... I'd rather they do this than close a different studio, I guess.
I mean, yeah.
Yeah, but... Like Fallout Shelter or something like that, you know?
Something like that would be pretty cool, but... Eh.
they already they did do a Warcraft mobile game recently um and I wasn't very into it Warcraft Rumble I think it's called I wasn't into it it feels very dated it felt like a cell phone game that would have come out it was like I think it was like a tower defense game and I was like this feels like something would come out 10 years ago so talking about things that are behind the curve I just I wasn't really into it but I know people that are and there's nothing wrong with just because I don't like it doesn't mean you don't have to just wasn't my cup of tea
All right, moving on.
Nintendo World Championships.
I have been playing a little bit on my Switch, probably more than about any other game, because I do love a little dose of retro every now and then.
Very interesting scenario that's happened is that the top of the leaderboard for one of the recent challenges in Nintendo World Championships, and even though you can't see how your friends rank, you can see a recording of the top score.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
If you play Donkey Kong Classics, I think it's called, which was the first two games combined in one cartridge, you can go down the first ladder and you can beat the first board very quick.
If you try to do that in Nintendo World Championships, the game rewinds.
It triggers.
It goes, can't go that way, as it does in some of the other challenges when you try to go way too far off track, which is an interesting feature in and of itself.
um so you can't use that glitch but this one for every reason you can and I didn't know about this glitch before um so maybe this is the first time Nintendo uh learned about it too I'm not sure but that was an interesting thing to see
Also interesting when it comes to Nintendo World Championships is one of the names that's in the credits.
If you look at the credits for the game under Program Support, you see the name Tomohiro Kawase.
You might not recognize that name as much as you would some of the other names around Nintendo, but you should put some respect on that name because...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
and then of course the GBA Classic NES series.
So he got a shout out in Nintendo World Championships.
And it's been reported previously that this individual got a break with Nintendo after working on unofficial emulators.
So kind of interesting how he came a long way.
So very cool.
Anyway, speaking of classic games, we've got a segment to get to.
Let's roll the bumper.
And now it's time to travel back to a simpler time where I'll dive into the vault and pull out a classic and tell you about it.
It's time for the classic game of the week.
But once a month here on the program in the year 2024, DarkSakura picks a canceled game to talk about.
So DarkSakura, what is the canceled game of the month?
The canceled game is StarCraft Ghost.
So it was a military science fiction stealth action video game that was to be published.
Sorry, it was developed by Blizzard.
It was supposed to be part of StarCraft.
It was announced on September 20th, 2002.
Developed by Nihilistic Software for GameCube, Xbox, and PlayStation 2 consoles.
There were a lot of delays.
There were development transferred.
There was stuff.
Okay, there was stuff.
So I'll go ahead and start with what the game is.
So you play a character named Nova, and instead of this being a real-time strategy like the previous, like the first StarCraft, this is a...
Kind of Metal Gear-ish.
It's stealth tactical action.
You play as Nova.
You have a cloaking device that allows you to be concealed, but some characters can find you.
You also have thermal imaging goggles and EMPs and different types of guns to shoot at people.
So, I mean, it was a lot of just, you know...
Adventure-y stuff.
Nova has a lot of athletic abilities, ziplining and hanging from pipes, and also psionic powers.
Because she's a ghost agent.
It had a lot of vehicles that were in StarCraft and StarCraft Brood War.
Some were support, some you could use yourself.
There's also a multiplayer mode.
that uh you have like a personal view of some of the RTS strategies uh from the earlier games there was Deathmatch, Capture the Flag, King of the Hill stuff like that um an invasion mode where two teams are fighting for control of mineral resources so um
and so on.
So let's get a little bit more into the development and the cancellation.
So they had a lot of positive reaction from the press when they...
made the announcement for it it was supposed to be out in late 2003 but there were delays and as of third quarter 2004 Nihilistic stopped working on it and they had completed what they had been contract for but in the game would still be delivered on time and then they started working Blizzard that is started working with Swing and Ape Studios and then bought the company also in May 2005 and
but Ghost was delayed again.
At E3 2005, Ghost was officially re-announced but the GameCube version was cancelled because of a lack of online support and then it was delayed again until 2006.
There was a booth for it at E3 that year.
But yeah, they
They kept postponing it until they were going to put it on newer consoles.
And then they suspended the development again.
And that's when the novel came out a few months later in November 2006.
so Blizzard Cinematics team that worked on Starcraft's cutscenes did cutscenes for Ghost's single player campaign and then they went from a team of 6 to 25 and used newer hardware newer stuff that were much higher quality and they had released a trailer in August 2005 and
Now, Nova, who is the protagonist of this game, also shows up in a campaign mission for StarCraft II, Wings of Liberty, where you can side with her or fight against her.
She's also in Heart of the Swarm and then her own campaign in StarCraft II, Nova Covert Ops.
So she's been certainly going on through the StarCraft universe.
She's established now, but we're still not seeing the games.
So at the DICE Summit in 2008, in the presentation, they had listed games canceled by Blizzard and it did not include Ghosts.
but their co-founder said that the title had never been technically cancelled it just wasn't their focus and they were putting a lot of that more on the success of World of Warcraft and working on StarCraft 2 was taking their resources however despite all that everyone was like yeah this is vaporware we ain't having it and in fact the game ranked 5th in 2005's Wired News Annual Vaporware Awards
On September 23rd, 2014, Polygon interviewed Blizzard about Titan.
And at that time, they confirmed that StarCraft Ghost was cancelled.
And with a quote, it was hard when we cancelled Warcraft Adventures, it was hard when we cancelled StarCraft Ghost, but it has always resulted in better quality work.
Sorry, Jamie.
I just want to point out a strong irony about that comment because Titan ultimately got canceled too, but then, of course, kind of sort of turned into Recycle This Overwatch.
I think that's very interesting.
In 2016, in a Polygon article, they basically were...
Just thinking they could put it out on a different console or keep doing better and better to it, but then, wow.
So, this takes us to more modern times in 2020.
January 2020.
There were videos from the Xbox version appearing online and lots of videos showing different missions, gameplay, different areas.
Those all were uploaded and there was a rumor of the Xbox development version game files being linked.
So
there are different journalists that did verify the legitimacy of this code that was disseminated online and there were infringement notices that went out but I mean basically people got them you know
They had a playable though unfinished game, as we're seeing now.
And also a version of Warcraft Adventures Lord of the Clans had been leaked earlier in September 2016.
And so with this, basically...
it's a game that looked like it could have been really great I might have even had some interest in playing this game it really looked that level of fun it had been on my radar for a hot minute but at this point all we have is this playable footage and videos online and that's really it R.I.P.
StarCraft Ghost you are now a ghost
Happy Halloween!
And I guess Nova lives on?
most other companies at this point probably would have pulled the plug and decommissioned Heroes of the Storm the way that Blizzard is kind of like not doing anything with it these days I will say to Blizzard's credit at least it's still going and the servers are still on and that's longer than most games you know in its similar state would hopefully it continues on at some point but yeah apparently I just learned that there is a Nova skin for Widowmaker in Overwatch there is yeah yeah yeah
which is pretty cool.
It is at least nice to see Blizzard sort of like, you know, tip the hat and nod.
I feel like StarCraft She's in another book too, I think.
Well, and I also feel like, you know, we've had Diablo 4, we have a new Warcraft expansion.
I feel like the words StarCraft 3 because Blizzard isn't allergic to the number 3 like some companies.
I feel like the word StarCraft 3 could happen from Blizzard
Maybe in the next couple of years.
Let's be realistic.
Blizzard takes some time to make games.
But I feel like StarCraft 3 would be like the next big thing on the horizon.
So, Bonds006 says, I played Heroes of the Storm all day today.
Nothing wrong with that.
It's a fun game.
It's a great game.
And I like to play classic and retro games too that aren't supported by the company so well anymore.
But that's...
I enjoyed Heroes of the Storm because it didn't just have PvP, it had PvE.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
I wonder if any of the ones that were on my list are things that people are curious about that would expect me to and I've got a few honorable mentions that I could do but I think I have my list pretty well set I'll send it to you and I'll see what you think alright
We have one.
Yes.
So Sony announced that they have a limited edition Astro Bot controller that's going to be coming out for the PlayStation 5.
$80 coming out on September 6th.
And it looks cute.
It's got the eyes on the touchpad itself, which it's confusing.
I don't think they're animated, but in the video they are animated.
So who knows?
But it's cute.
It looks like a robot.
If that's your thing.
Um...
and then of course we got news that Prison Architect 2 has been delayed indefinitely.
It's supposed to come out here very soon but I guess there's some stuff going on at Paradox Interactive that has delayed the game and essentially they have refunded the pre-orders so that's good at least that that happened but it is no longer coming out September 3rd.
They said they need more time to improve both the game's performance and its content.
Alright, snaps for not releasing a half-assed product and taking the time to get it right and refunding.
I guess, how often do you hear that headline?
Not very often.
That's not very often.
DarkSakura?
So, Nintendo is also feeling the burn.
We were saying things are going industry-wide, but their profits fell 55%.
People are saving up for the Switch, too.
but they also haven't had super big releases like you know how we had Tears of the Kingdom last year we haven't had like any big movies come out also to bolster that so it's stated that the Switch 2 or whatever it will be called would be released in early 2025 but you know again people are holding on yeah
I was actually talking to somebody very recently about the Nintendo Switch And somebody who's a big Nintendo fan and games a lot on the Nintendo Switch And even going like, even I'm getting exhausted, this other person Even I'm getting exhausted at how bad the Nintendo Switch runs newer games And how we keep losing features in games we shouldn't be losing features on Actually, you know what it was?
We were talking about the video game No Man's Sky Because we were talking about that a little bit and he actually told me As you do
As I do sometimes, I'm not just a client, I'm also the president.
Other way around.
Anyway, but my friend said, I'm actually afraid to get No Man's Sky on Switch.
I just know it's not going to run well.
Now, I have friends that have No Man's Sky on Switch.
I think, Dark, not to call you out, but Dark, don't you guys play it on Switch and I think it runs okay?
Because I think they down-res it so it runs on Switch better because it's a smaller resolution.
That's not necessarily a bad thing for that screen.
But the long story short, that system is showing its age.
It is not, and like, it's...
The game's technologies are getting further.
I think he was also complaining that he was playing Octopath Traveler 2 on Switch, and it's stuttering.
It's got problems.
It's like, okay, Octopath Traveler 2, even though it is a newer game, it's not exactly using new techniques in gaming animation.
That game should run on a PlayStation 3, shouldn't it?
So...
It's just interesting to hear that sort of perspective.
But I think even the most hardcore Nintendo fans are like, yeah, y'all, it's time.
It's time.
Okay, thank you in chat.
Mish in chat.
Hi, Mish says, it honestly doesn't run that bad on Switch.
And Dark Dispute says, yeah, it wasn't terrible.
So they did the resolution workaround to do that.
Thank you.
Red Entertainment with a much better quote saying, I'm not just an addict, I'm also a dealer.
There you go.
And then Ranmari in chat says, some devs just don't optimize well for their target platform.
You know, it isn't in our headlines tonight, but there was one developer out there who made a pretty open comment this week about, why would we bother with the Xbox version?
No one's playing on Xbox.
It was a Japanese developer who said it, of course.
But basically it was like, why are we bothering optimizing for Xbox?
Nobody's playing on Xbox.
Yeah.
I really worry about how Pokemon Legends ZA is going to run on the Switch.
Yeah, valid AF for that game.
Like, if that game comes out before a Switch successor, I have concerns.
Period.
BobbyBlackWolf in chat says, I mean, all you have to do is, in Unity, go to File, Compile As, Switch, and boom!
You have your Switch port.
It's that easy.
Right, Loki?
We can get a Pixel Poops 2 on Switch, right?
Just open it up in Unity, turn up the graphics on level 3, and then do File, Save As, Switch, right?
I mean, sort of.
You need to get a wrapper that's an NES emulator that they have used for other Nesmicry games, so it is possible.
You make it sound too hard.
Rob.
What?
What?
You said hard.
Moving on.
S, Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
Do we have to?
We saw one on the road on the way to the convention last week.
What did you throw at it?
In your imagination because you would never actually do that.
Anyway, here's why I want to bring it up.
So there's a new DLC pack in Fortnite called the Summer Road Trip Bundle and you get to drive a Tesla Cybertruck in Fortnite, Rocket League, blah blah blah.
But, just like the real thing, it was glitched.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
which if you're using the Cybertruck in Fortnite, you kind of deserve to be rendered completely useless.
I'm actually using this whole story to bring up this kind of side thing I've actually heard that's really funny, which apparently there are lots of Fortnite people that are banding together to create this unofficial, unspoken word.
All of the people in the game, all 100 people in the game are in a truce.
Well, I should say all 99 people in the game are in a truce.
If you see somebody with a Cybertruck, they get it first.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Oh no, don't get addicted to the cosmetics in that game, Jamie.
You'll have to take out another mortgage.
I know.
I have the ones I want.
I have the Dragon Ariana Grande.
I think this is important aside from the Fortnite stuff.
So the LEGO Fortnite stuff is pretty cool.
Oh yeah, yeah.
And the Cybertruck isn't in that, which already makes it better.
LEGO Fortnite LEGO sets coming out in October.
But, you know, it's in Target now.
The Animal Crossing LEGO sets Do you know what my husband sent me a picture of from Costco which sometimes dabbles in the LEGO stuff?
Animal Crossing I don't know if I want
I have so much stuff already.
Because you know Alan is so fucking funny.
I'm just gonna show you this on my little... Actually, I can do this.
You're cute!
I'm gonna do this shot real quick so you can see it.
He sent me this thing.
He sent me the Animal Crossing Legos, right?
There's the set at Costco with the caption... Yeah, with the caption, I hate it here.
I need that.
Oh my god, they're expensive.
Some of the sets, like the camping set is 80 bucks.
The KK Concert one.
And then there's one of Nook's Cranny and Rosie's.
Oh my gosh, Bobby Blackwolf in chat.
I sold a pinball machine for V-Bucks.
Not that.
Okay.
I'm sending Dan now because, you know.
What?
Reason.
What, to Costco?
No, of the Amazon link.
Oh, okay, okay.
All right.
Let's move on.
Let's travel around the world and check out some releases coming to you soon.
Loki, let's start in the U.S.
Quite a few things coming out, actually.
So we have Bleak Faith Forsaken on PlayStation 5 and Xbox Series.
Signy All Guns Blazing on PC, PlayStation 5 and Xbox Series.
Eden Genesis on PC, PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, Xbox One and Xbox Series.
Pepper Grinder on PS4, PS5, Xbox One, and Xbox Series Volgar the Viking 2 on PC, Nintendo Switch, PS4, PS5, and Xbox One Creatures of Ava on PC and Xbox Series
CatQuest 3 on PC, Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, Xbox One, and Xbox Series.
Honestly, congrats.
They're releasing a third game.
That's great.
Yep.
Deathbound on PC, PlayStation 5, and Xbox Series.
We've got... Let's see.
Um... Komajo Romilia...
Scarlet Symphony on PlayStation 5 Moonless Moon, that doesn't make any sense, but okay, on PC and Mac Princess Maker 2 Regeneration on PlayStation 4 and PlayStation 5 Review Starlight Eldorado on PC and Nintendo Switch SteamWorld Heist 2 on PC, Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, Xbox One, and Xbox Series
Oh, this is a title.
That time I got reincarnated as a Slime Isekai Chronicles.
That game has come out before.
Or like another version of it.
It's based on a manga?
I would imagine.
Yeah, I don't think it's an original to video games IP.
It's PC, Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, Xbox One, and Xbox Series.
Ranma says it's an anime.
And this is also one that's a thing, I guess.
Zombie Police, Christmas Dancing with Police Zombies on PC and Mac.
First off, why is this coming out in August?
ACAB includes Zombie Police.
and then The Crush House on PC.
That one looks pretty good.
All right.
Have you seen the one that's the new game?
Was it Date Anything or Date Everything?
Yes.
I love these dating games.
They're getting crazier and crazier.
Yeah, I linked that one.
Well, Fixie told me about that one, and I linked it to Nick, and I think everyone's reaction was the same, like, what?
What?
Alright, let's move on.
Let's travel to Japan, get in the car.
So...
On August 8th, we actually have a lot of releases.
This is all the Nintendo Switch.
You ready?
Review Starlight, which Loki mentioned.
Hanaimo, Kare, Tu, and Bloom comes out in a regular and special edition.
Some Some Convenience Store comes out in a regular and limited edition.
Rashomon of Shinjuku comes out in a regular and, you guessed it, special edition.
Lost Epic is also out.
Knights of Valor
Ooh, I thought that word is problematic.
I don't know of a word that they would have used 20 years ago that begins with O to describe Asian folks.
Agatha Christie's, yeah, I don't know.
Oh!
Well, I mean, if it's coming from, and I get the Christie novel, I think it's okay.
Well, no, it's not.
It's not.
But I'm just trying to think of where, you know, I've heard that word used in pop culture.
But anyway, that legend is coming out in that collection.
Marshall Masters, Demon Front, and The Gladiator are all coming out.
I wondered why it was a bad word when the other opposite is Occidental.
I don't know.
I just, you know, if somebody tells me they don't like it, I do my best to adjust, I guess.
All right.
On the PlayStation 5, we have Princess Maker 2 Regeneration, as well as Lost Epic.
And that time I got reincarnated as a slime is all coming out in Japan.
So very similar sorts of things.
But I should also point out the PlayStation VR 2 adapter for PC also gets a Japanese release this week, which is pretty cool.
So.
All right.
Okay, so in Europe, on the 6th for PlayStation and Xbox is Cygni, All Guns Blazing.
And I kind of like the name of that because it makes me think of swans.
Like Cygnus.
On the 8th for Switch and PlayStation, we have Cat Quest 3.
And that's it.
Ta-da!
All right, we have just a few headlines for you, and then we'll get to our email and whatever else might be in the listener roundtable tonight.
So, Loki, let's start with you.
Yes, the creator of Resident Evil, Shinji Mikami, wants Suda51 to work on a new Killer7 game.
Like a new Killer7 game.
Game was weird.
If you're in, if you're lucky.
Yeah, the multiverse there.
Yeah, we'll see that.
Yeah, I mean, cool.
But, you know, yeah, I don't know.
He says the complete edition which came out for Killer7 was kind of lame.
And they said Suda51 disagreed, saying that the current version of Killer7 doesn't really speak, but was originally planned to have lots of dialogue.
Yeah, I'm not too familiar with the complete edition.
Like I said, I played this originally when it came out on the PlayStation 2.
Yeah.
I mean, cool.
Yeah, I hope they make another game.
I would say, though, since the original came out, was it 2005?
Probably not gonna happen.
All right.
Well, moving on here to the final story we have officially on the show world tonight.
Finally, some fucking good news.
At least I think this is good news.
Not everybody's going to... You would, right?
Some people may actually see this as bad news because they are about to lose a lot of evenings and weekends.
And that is the Sid Meier's Civilization VII...
Gameplay Showcase.
Remember that?
They actually announced Civ 7 but they didn't show any gameplay yet.
They will be showing gameplay on August 20th at 1 30 p.m and it has over 20 minutes of gameplay details.
I guess that means the game is probably due this holiday season.
It's got to be because right after that they're also going to be from August 21st to 25th if you are at gamescom.com
You can play, Civilization.
Well, they don't say play.
They just say stop by the Civ 7 booth located in Hall 6.
So I don't want to misspeak, but they'll be showing something there.
And then August 31st at PAX...
There will be a dev panel where they will share new insights and behind the scenes anecdotes.
So that's pretty cool.
And you can actually watch that live as well.
So maybe, I don't know, maybe it doesn't hit this year, but Civ 7 appears to be on the horizon pretty soon.
And that is pretty cool.
And I really do hope Christopher Tin did the theme again this time because he did the theme for...
Civ 4, which, you know, I think everybody knows Baba Yetu at this point because that got nominated for the Grammy and all that stuff.
And then he did the theme for 6, too.
He didn't do 5, but he did 6, which was really good, too.
It wasn't really talked about enough.
It's actually a really lovely song from Civ 6.
And so I really hope he does the Civ 7 theme as well.
So...
By the way, Rob.
What?
To take a step back.
I did because I'm that person that does my own research when I want to make sure I am not abusing any privilege.
Sure.
And apparently not everyone feels that it is, but enough people feel that it is offensive.
Thank you.
I just, I remember that lady- As a title, it's one thing.
Using it as a term to describe somebody is a different thing.
Okay.
and maybe that's where I'm mixing it up in my head because I know Lady Gaga got a lot of crap for using a variation of that word in one of her songs Born This Way and she actually changed it when she sings it live now so she changed the lyrics I know people who flat out refer to themselves that way so that's why I always want to make sure it's like me with people who are autistic some people prefer person first language and say person with autism which I don't like at all, don't use that around me but
You gotta talk to the person, use whatever they respect using.
Okay, so let's move on and get to the listener roundtable and I'll just jump right to the emails.
Participate at OrangeLoungeRadio.com where DarkSakura said she climbed into the mailbag and found one lone email to dust off and read.
This came from Net Zero.
Hello, OLR crew.
I love the show.
Do you think AI will help speed up game development to yearly releases?
Do you think the Switch 2 will end up launching without a big lineup of games?
That's all the email.
I will go ahead and start off by saying it depends on what you mean by AI.
If it's generative AI, fuck it.
We don't want that in our game.
If it's using AI tools and assistance and having in-game AI for part of the program of the game and what makes the gameplay go, then...
I'm okay with internal generative AI.
Yeah.
Yeah.
or instead of generative AI I think they're also referring to AI tools like I will use some of the ones in Pixelmator like especially like a my brain is smart resolution I will use that for a few projects if I have to blow up an image and don't have anything else to go with AI coding tools I mean Bobby says AI coding tools are still generative AI I'm looking at
Production level of assets versus... That's a semantic thing for right now in the context of how I'm referring to it.
Things like voice actors and characters and if it's pulling from a non-in-company generated source, then I'm against it.
If it is programmed by people, provided by people, paid content...
to go into the database of those things, then yes, I'm cool with that.
And I think that that's the point of what assistive AI is meant for.
I'm going to refer to them in those two different contexts for clarity.
And as far as a switch to launching without a big lineup of games, I don't know.
They're going to have to have something come out for it.
I'll give you – well, first off, I don't think I've heard this emailer before, so thank you for emailing in.
It's always nice to hear.
We love to hear from our regulars, but we love to hear from new people too.
So thank you for sending a message.
I will actually say – because I think also the question about AI was is it going to – because I think basically yearly releases, I get the hint, is it going to cut down the production time of games?
I don't think so but I think what it will do is as systems get what you know PlayStation 6 is on the horizon and someday in our lives of PlayStation 7 I think those sorts of tools that Jamie's talking about will help us get there but I don't think it reduces the cycle all the way down to a year I think it's still gonna but it also kind of depends on the game you know I
I think that the people who aren't in the thick of the technology thinks it's going to help but really I don't think it is and on top of that too as you were dealing with better graphic capability I want to say um
These tools are only just going to help facilitate, I think, harder work if they do pan out the way people think that they do.
Because there's going to have to be that much more artistry put into the work that goes out, more assets to be designed, things like that.
So that's my take on that, is that it probably wouldn't...
Make it any better.
I think crunch time is always going to exist.
But I think that people are going to try to put more pressure on development and programmers to produce because they think that AI assistant tools are going to lighten their load.
And I think it's going to cause more problems than it helps.
Which is why we hope the unions get set up.
Anyway, but to the emailer's question too, I just kind of want to point out, it also really depends on the scale of game you're talking about, right?
Because there's a lot of indie games and indie developers who may not have this problem.
Some do.
I mean, it just depends on how much time they can allocate to their game making.
But I think of like Five Nights at Freddy's.
Those games were coming out every year for a while.
They got all the way up to what?
Like five?
Yeah.
Yeah.
There's still new ones coming out, but they're kind of different.
I'm talking about the core series.
Those were coming out every year.
It also just kind of depends on the scope of the game itself.
Something to think about, too.
As far as the Switch question...
I think these delays are to help us have a strong lineup, but I think you can fully expect that the lineup at the beginning are going to be things that you already know about that is also playable on Switch.
As I was mentioning earlier in the show, great example, Pokemon Legends ZA.
That needs to be on the Switch successor.
Needs to be.
But it will probably also be a Switch game.
And it should be somewhere in that roadmap of, you know, what does the Switch... And this is something when the Switch originally released it very well too, is that it wasn't just the games that came out with day one, but what did the games look like for 12 months?
3DS 3DS
do y'all remember they actually had to do the ambassador downloads y'all remember that to the early adopters because there was such a drought now they turned it around and the 3DS became you know one of the top selling systems ever they did turn it around but I think Nintendo has a different strategy now than they did 10 years ago so I would expect that you're gonna see a strong 12 month pipeline of games and some of that may rely on indies and um um
I think there's a reason that trailer was succinct that we saw I think they're purposely holding some of it back because when you see it you're going to go the Switch can't do that but the Switch 2 can so we'll see anyway thanks so much for the email appreciate it
Participate at OrangeLondonTrader.com if you want to send an email You can also join our Discord server to talk to us throughout the week VOGnetwork.com, that's V-O-G-network.com slash Discord if you'd like to talk to us throughout the week And of course the email is an option for you as well Okay, so... Give me something to do Okay
I don't see anybody in the green room how dare let me check in though with Loki real quick though to see if there's any last minute stories I don't want to wrap up just yet there are not I looked high and low it's been a slow summer it's interesting but it's an April summer leaving me here on my own I only have one story that I could think of but I'd rather not because it's not good news oh no
It's still bad news.
A certain controversial doctor is back on YouTube again.
Nope.
I don't give a... Tonight is the night.
He... No.
No.
No.
I appreciate you trying to keep us all in the loop, but that is somebody who needs to... Again, we need to stop making people like that famous.
But I understand.
A lot of people do talk about it.
I'm not saying it, but I'm just like, no, I don't want to talk about it.
All right.
Anyway, unless the rest of that story, let me ask the yes or no question, Loki.
Is the rest of that story came back to YouTube to announce they are permanently retiring and deleting their channel in 30 days?
Nope.
Okay, then I don't care.
All right.
Moving on.
I... I can't.
Tonight has been just a sad night.
I feel like... It is for us being kind of... And our news hasn't been great for the past month.
Like, I'm like, give me some good news.
At least I got a No Man's Sky patch.
tell me something good anyway I'm ready to just disconnect from the reality and live in unreality for a while so DarkSakura, I know you need a moment to set up tonight so I'm going to go ahead and let you wrap up before we do all the official outros so DarkSakura, would you like to give us your final thought tonight?
fuck honestly a mood
Totally Mood.
Alright.
Later taters.
Have a good one DarkSakura.
See y'all soon.
See you next time.
Before I get to Loki and myself and our final thoughts, I want to say as always, thank you for listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
If you enjoyed what you heard here on the show, help us spread the word.
Tell somebody about the show because word of mouth goes a very, very long way.
You know what else helps an awful lot?
A nice five-star review on iTunes, Spotify, YouTube, thumbs up or whatever, wherever it is you found this show.
We really, really appreciate it.
So thank you so much for all of that support.
I appreciate you all with that.
And we will be back next week, God willing, to do this all again.
So we should be able to get through most of August until we get to DragonCon, which, yes, as Bobby Blackwolf is saying in chat, is going to be an awesome year.
I can't wait to talk more about it in a few weeks here on the show.
But until then, Loki, do you have any final thoughts for our listeners?
Yeah, just, I don't know.
Keep working on content.
Watch my stuff.
Go subscribe.
I lost 11 subscribers in the last month.
Go subscribe to Loki's channel.
Negative growth got 11.
Same thing was happening on my Twitch channel, but I have not been streaming regularly.
I try, but dang, it's hard to keep regular.
I will say this.
I'm just going to throw this out there and see how chat reacts.
I'm considering a possible pivot to YouTube, and that's nothing anti-Twitch.
I really enjoy Twitch.
I like it.
I feel like YouTube, and as much as I've had my issues with YouTube over the years, there's issues with everything.
I'm thinking about I can create content a little more on my schedule, where if I want to do something in the middle of the night or something a little different time, I kind of can do it.
so yeah QuestBuster says do it or try it for a bit to see how it shakes out but then there's also trying to like balance that with also like I would like to make sure VOG has a YouTube presence and all of that and make sure there's a balance there appropriately and what is for me and what is for VOG and all that good stuff so it's something I've been stewing on lately anyway I'm not like leaving Twitch or anything and I'll probably stream this week but just know it's something that's I'm kind of marinating on in the back of my mind so
Philof9 in chat says you should stream on Martha Stewart's gaming website does she have one?
cause I would actually if that was a thing I fucking love Martha Stewart because if Martha Stewart has a gaming website you know who else is on that website is Snoop Dogg, Uncle Snoop I would absolutely stream on that website send me the link alright anyway
That's going to do it, everybody.
Thank you so much for listening.
Oh, final thought, right?
I got yours.
My final thought would be pole vaulting.
Have a good night, everybody.
We'll see you next time here on Orange Lounge Radio.
Bye.
To join us for our live show, tune in to vognetwork.com Sunday nights at 6pm Pacific, 9pm Eastern.
The views and opinions expressed in this program do not necessarily reflect those of the staff of Orange Lounge Radio nor VOG Network, but you know they were all still true.
See you next week.
