If there was any doubt that we're in the era of subscription services, now comes Chuck E. Cheese to capitalize on the keep paying us money and forget to unsubscribe gravy train.
And to add insult to injury, keep paying us money and you're not allowed to stop for the first year.
I hope Munch's make-believe ban has been successful because legal fees are going to take a chunk out of that recurring revenue.
Such is the originality of private equity in a renowned franchise.
This is the Late Stage Capitalism intro.
Now it's time for your hosts, Rob Roberts, James Somers, and Loki to tell me more about this and other news about games and not just child gambling.
Starting right now on the show, where every gamer has a voice...
Hello my friends out there on the internet and welcome back to another week of the show where every gamer has a voice.
It is Orange Lounge Radio.
We are live once again with episode number 1014 of our show for tonight, August 18th of 2024.
My name is Rob Roberts and I'm joined as always by my co-hosts.
First off, the one and only DarkSakura or Jamie Summers.
Hey.
Hi, how are you?
Worn the fuck out.
Busy day?
Yesterday.
I had a 12-hour... That's right.
I was out most of the day, but I saw you... I popped in and out for like two minutes because I saw that you were streaming, but unfortunately I was gone most of the day yesterday.
But I was like, oh, okay.
It was my last-minute half-assed pseudo-sub-a-thon.
Was it fun?
I had fun, but man, I didn't feel all that great because I'm on, today's my last day for my antibiotics for a bacterial sinus infection.
It's, yeah, it was feeling pretty rough.
Midna, no, you can't have my quesadilla.
Sorry.
Her highness is down there trying to get to my quesadilla.
It's too hot for you, baby!
But yeah, it was... I did make it the 12 hours out of Pure Spite.
And Starlock, Sia Tabiri, Star Taco were my... I have to thank all three of you for helping me pay for food at TwitchCon now.
So... But I...
I had a lot of fun.
I got to hang out with Ryan and Shay and Smokey and a bunch of my friends and regulars.
I saw you playing the, I remember now when I dropped in, you were playing the Cult of the Lamb expansion, it looked like.
I was.
Yeah, so hopefully that was fun.
It was so good.
Yeah, good.
It was pretty fun.
All right.
Well, let's say hello as well to the one and only Techmaster Loki.
Hello.
Hi, Loki.
How are you doing?
All right.
So before the show started tonight, our little intro we do live for the live listeners only.
It's just it's just a cute little bumper inspired by you can't do that on television.
That'll be like such and such will not be seen tonight.
And tonight was conquered Cusar because the news came down the line that after 32 years, the Cusar and conquered California is closing, to which my first reaction was it was still open.
It didn't close during COVID.
I thought QZAR as a brand was like gone, gone.
But I thought of you, Loki, because I was like, I think you said you went there not terribly long ago.
Well, maybe it was a while ago.
It was terribly long ago at this point, yeah.
I guess the Vacaville, there was one in Vacaville.
I don't think that, the Vacaville one, I don't think is there either.
The Vacaville one, yeah, appears to be, they've replaced the system in it.
Yeah, because the bowling alley changed hands.
I didn't realize that until I went there for a work thing.
I don't know where there's still QZAR if there's one in Runner Park or not I think that might be like the last one in the area but yeah I mean that kind of happens when you're the company that makes the packs goes under several times and you know typically it doesn't people don't normally want to carry those old packs that you can't find parts for anymore and stuff like that so it's which sucks because QZAR is super fun we should make OLRs
I'm sure it would be a very cheap venture there was a time that I wanted to get a set of packs but I probably could do it pretty cheap nowadays if you hit it up just right but yeah it's
is it was it used to be unfortunately yeah I hear you I hear you all right well um yeah in chat because of course we do tape live every Sunday night at the Voice Geeks Network nine o'clock eastern six o'clock pacific at twitch.tv twitch television VOG Network VOG Network is the channel uh that you want to check out here and yeah I'm reading some comments and people are reminiscing a bit about QZAR from the bumper tonight uh Bobby Blackwolf is saying
who, of course, we do tape live right after Bobby Blackwolf, says there were literally three in the Atlanta area at one time and one out in Athens, my college town.
Dr. Sia says, I never got to go to QZAR.
I did visit Laser Force a couple times, even once during a lock-in where I got to try the Battletech pods.
S. Joe and Hunter Matt saying, apparently there is a QZAR in Long Island.
They've also ventured into QAX for axe throwing.
Ha!
I know that's a growing thing that you see at random places downtown, but I did not have my money on QZAR going from laser tag to throwing axes.
How about laser axes?
That would be cool.
You know what was going through my head right now?
What?
I'm a lumberjack and I'm okay.
I sleep all night and I work all day.
I feel like I did one of those things that like, I feel like they did like an axe throwing at like one of the Final Fantasy fan festivals.
I was terrible at it.
Terrible at it.
Because of course I was.
Of course I was.
Alright, well, we're going to get into, of course, video gaming news, as we do every week here on the show.
I'm going to talk to you a little bit later in the show.
I'm going to be at DragonCon in a couple weeks.
I want to talk all about that, but we'll get to our kickoff topic first.
So yeah, and as far as the conventions go, I'm going to be at DragonCon in two weeks, so I have a bit to say about that tonight.
DarkSakura and Loki will be at TwitchCon in about, what, five weeks or so?
So it's...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DragonCon
and a reminder to folks, Gamescom is this week.
And why is this a big deal?
Usually there isn't as huge of a focus on Gamescom because a lot of gaming companies used to use E3 as their time to make gaming announcements.
Now I'm not quite saying Gamescom is the new E3.
However...
I do feel like with the news cycle being a little bit slower, there might be more companies that have been holding on to things for Gamescom that may otherwise have usually been in that June timeframe.
I think case in point would be something like the Civilization VII unveil, which we talked about a couple weeks ago or last week on the show.
We know that Civilization VII is going to get unveiled actually in two days on Tuesday just before
Gamescom 4 opens up and people will get to either see it or experience the game somehow on the show floor so I'm just kind of like curious like what is you know what is the new rhythm gonna look like in this post E3 world and so it's gonna be interesting to see what Gamescom is all about now of course y'all should be like it was last year because E3 as it was last year was not a thing so
But a lot of these PR campaigns, they're scheduled a long ways out, and a lot of people were operating under the assumption, whether we knew it was bullshit or not, that E3 was going to come back.
And now it's like there is no –
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
What we might get out of it after all.
I don't think it's off the table to see things like Final Fantasy 16 PC port.
I mean, we know it's coming, but dated like PC port dated or maybe this Xbox thing.
If rumors pans out, I think there's still some little things that we could.
I don't know if I'd call Final Fantasy 16 a little thing.
I don't know if you heard this other rumor.
Speaking of like PlayStation games going to Xbox, there's the other way around.
There's this huge rumor about Forza Horizon 5 is going to show up on PlayStation 5.
and that's a Gamescom thing.
Oh no, that means literally nothing.
I know, Xbox's best game, best game going over to PlayStation.
I guess they're throwing in the towel now, it says all the conspiracy theorist people or like maybe, I don't know, they just want to sell more copies of the game.
Oh, that's a crazy idea there.
Yeah, I know.
Industry where they want to make as much money as possible that they're going to try to make more money.
Whoa.
That's some way out there ideas.
Show you this fucking series you've been missing for so long by not having an Xbox by the time Forza Horizon 6 comes out first on Game Pass before anywhere else.
Now you're going to be a little more likely to check out what it's all about.
So there's a bigger strategy behind it.
And yeah, the doomsdayers need to just
Be quiet.
Sit down.
But it's going to be interesting.
And I think at the end of the day, the consumer kind of wins a little bit, which I think is really exciting.
So anyway, not a lot else to say about that.
But just, you know, Gamescom is this week.
So we're expecting we'll get a nice intake of news in this next week or so.
And of course, if you do want to watch the opening night live, it is Tuesday afternoon.
Because again, Gamescom is based in Europe.
So it's going to be 2 o'clock.
For the East Coast, I think the East Coast is 2 o'clock, and I think for us on the West Coast, it's like 11 a.m.
There's no way I can watch.
I'm at a work event that's going to take my attention all day, so there's no way I can watch, but I'll definitely want to catch up on all the news later.
So, exciting stuff.
All right, let's move into some other news to kick off our show tonight.
Loki, why don't you talk about some updates going on with Steam?
Yep, so Steam is cracking down on a few different things.
So starting off with, of course, joke reviews.
You see a lot of these, you know, popping up with different things.
I think a lot of it's pretty harmless, but they want to kind of just have...
some of that stuff taken out of there.
That's ridiculous.
So some of the examples they show in different screenshots are full of ASCII art and stuff like that, memeing on different things.
Essentially, how they're identifying joke reviews.
They said, players may still see humorous but unhelpful reviews, but the goal is that they show up far less often when people are trying to learn about the game.
and says they will be using some machine learning algorithms to try to identify them.
Good lord.
Yuck.
You kind of have to at that point because there's so many of it.
It's just a numbers game.
I'm okay if the machine flags it for a human to review.
That's fine.
Yeah, I don't think it's necessarily that they're getting rid of those reviews.
I think they're just deprioritizing them so that they're further on down the review list, I guess, would be my...
Yes, what they're doing with that.
So I get the ASCII art and some of the shitposting like that, but what if I want to be very tongue-in-cheek and maybe invoke a meme or something into it?
Let's say, okay, I'm going to write a review for Stardew Valley, and I'm going to say, this is a game that's very chill for me to play, and when I'm playing this game, I feel very demure, very mindful, very, you know, am I going to get penalized for invoking TikTok memes?
No, because it's about how people respond to your review and whether they check it as a helpful or unhelpful review.
So it's going to be the ones that essentially are unhelpful.
Well, can't I just go in and mark all your reviews unhelpful?
Can I troll Loki by doing that?
Sure.
I don't review things so hot.
You got me, bitch.
Don't ever review stuff in text.
I'll review stuff on YouTube.
And it'll always be unhelpful.
Interesting.
Okay, I mean, this also begs the question, like, are Steam reviews... I mean, I always kind of saw Steam reviews as a bit of a cesspool anyway.
Like, do you all really let Steam reviews dictate if you're going to buy a game or not?
Not really.
Not really.
No, not really.
I mean, I glance over like if it's something I've never heard of to try to get an idea of like what kind of game it is.
But other than that.
Yeah, I'm with you.
I might use it to like gauge the temperature.
Okay, so some comments in chat.
DW Wreckage in chat says, nope, never.
FifthDream in chat says, I look at them to see if a game is technically broken or not.
I feel like so I might like kind of look, but I don't make a decision until I watch a YouTube or a Twitch stream.
Like if I'm on the fence about a game, I always will look for a Twitch stream of a real person playing through it and what it looks like or YouTube that's not heavily edited that shows a little bit of like raw gameplay.
That's where I really make my decisions, to be honest.
Yeah.
Yeah.
DW Records and Chat also adds, if it's mostly negative, I'll look into it more.
But normally, if there's a game for a good price, I get it regardless.
That's a very good point as well, is that even if a game is overly negative, if the game is on sale for $1.99, maybe it's a niche thing that you might like.
And I think we also have heard so many times...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Scanning the reviews.
I'm trying to think of things that have been review bombed recently.
Scanning the reviews for Final Fantasy XIV Dawn Trail for people posting anti-trans shit because one of the voice actresses in the game.
That shit should be de-emphasized, of course.
But that impacts a score.
That's why I don't pay attention to the score sometimes because games get review bombed, right?
so yeah all right we'll see how this plays out ultimately affects things I don't think it affects it very much but we'll see no no I don't think so um and then as far as other things they're cracking down on it's also going to be they're going to be cracking down on the actual store pages for different games and limiting what types of information can be shared um
mainly just three specific things so no linking to other websites they don't want you to link to like your social media pages or other things like that externally because they do have dedicated links for that type of stuff no embedding imagery that mimics Steam store UI and buttons I mean that's pretty self-explanatory and then no images links or widgets pointing to other games on Steam so you can't link to other products
but, um, cool I don't think it seems to, I don't think it's really going to affect much of how Steam operates other than maybe cracking down on some of this scamming stuff, especially linking out to other sites, I don't know
Thanks for watching!
I mean, yeah, you know, I mean, well, what if you were to say from the creators of such and such game, but you're not linking to the games in that case, I guess.
Yeah, you're not linking to them.
I think it would be like kind of having a store page and then linking out to, you know, go buy my other game.
I mean, I don't know.
I don't really know what you can.
Or this game runs best when you also own this and this.
Yeah.
I mean, yeah.
I could see maybe being able to do a bundle between multiple games.
You'll see that with different developers.
They'll have a collection of games of all their stuff that they put out.
That's kind of a way you can point to different things, but that's technically a different store
Bobby Blackwolf in chat People ruin things
Yes, that's true.
Bobby Blackwell says, go buy my other game on itch.io.
Oh yeah, that would be really bad because then you're calling out another store.
That makes a lot of sense.
Yeah.
But I mean, don't each of the manufacturers get to make their own page and link their information there or something?
Yeah, and it's so... I mean, and the Steam...
I will say, I mean...
I think that I like the combination of having the machine sift through the database and then have it inspected.
But think about how much data that is.
Yeah.
it's gonna you know I think probably one of the things is like it'll scan for links it'll scan for you know just different things on there but I don't know I feel I feel like it's a mixed bag
Yeah, and I also can see that there's a lot of just garbage on Steam that they want to sift through.
You know, a lot of the comments that people leave on Steam is that it's impossible to find shit on Steam.
Like, if you don't already know what you're looking for, if it's not on the front page of the store, it's impossible to find the stuff you want to play on Steam.
And so I can understand that they're trying to do some work to sort of combat that a little bit.
You know, it's short of reinventing the store from the ground up, but when your store is that big...
I have to be honest, I'm not sure what I would do to change Steam to make discoverability better.
I'm really not.
They really can't do a whole bunch.
Yeah.
So, it really kind of puts the onus on the publisher, or if you're self-publishing, you, to get the word of your game out there.
You know?
So...
I guess all Steam can do is try to make sure the algorithm is also pushing indie games and small games as much as it's pushing AAA games.
But I feel like through things they do like your discoverability queue, there are things they do in Steam where they kind of try to do that a little bit.
I can't sit here and just shit on what they're doing because I do think they do try in some ways, but it's just so big.
The volume of stuff on Steam is unreal.
Is there a statistic out there like how many games are on Steam?
I'm sure there is somewhere.
I just don't know where you can find it because I know the tools that we used to have to be able to check sales and stuff like that have been kind of kneecapped a bit.
So I don't know if it'll show the full list of titles that are on Steam available right now.
Okay, so I'm looking at a website called SteamDB, like Steam Database, and it does show me that in 2023...
14,452 games were released and so far in 2024 11,319 games have been released so far in 2024 with the year not over yet so I mean that may not give you a total but it still gives you a sense of the volume they're putting out over 10,000 games a year since 2021 and 2020 was damn close 2020 was 9,700 games so they've been putting out 10,000 games a year on Steam that is a lot to wrap your head around right
Yeah.
And still no decent puzzlers.
I'm kidding.
DarkSakura needs some puzzle game recommendations, it sounds like.
All right.
Well, let's talk about the games we have been playing this week, puzzle game or otherwise, in How Was Your Gaming Week?
DarkSakura, let's go to you.
How was your gaming week?
What types of games have you been playing?
Oh, it's been kind of busy.
I played a lot of Polya last night.
Probably going to play some of that tonight because I'm tired.
I've been playing the new Cult of the Lamb DLC, as you mentioned earlier.
I've been playing, of course, Dead by Daylight.
Having a decent time there.
I'm still playing the Suika game, the watermelon puzzle game.
I'm kind of addicted to that.
I've been playing Moonlight Mahjong, which isn't real mahjong, it's just like a solitaire matching game, really.
But it's been just the usual stuff, a little pinball here and there.
Yeah, and DW Wreckage, absolutely excited for the Castlevania DLC.
Me too.
And I haven't played DBD a lot in a hot minute, but I think that one might get me back, because Dracula as a killer looks badass, and I've wanted a vampire killer in that game forever, so I'm jazzed.
It's just weird having a Belmont with no whip, you know?
Yeah.
I don't know quite how I feel about that.
But otherwise, I think it's going to be something pretty awesome.
I've also been trying to think, because I finished Castlevania, well, I'll say Dracula X Nocturne in the Moonlight, because I was playing the Japanese version of Symphony of the Night.
and I've finished that and I'm not sure what retro game I'm going to switch on to.
I'm kind of thinking of actually looking through a list of Japanese only games and seeing what I'm going to play through.
Who knows?
Oh, and I played X-Men, the six player X-Men at work.
That's cool.
We had a little award thing and they brought out the arcade one-ups.
Drew and I actually played through and beat the game together with him on Colossus and me on Nightcrawler, of course.
And then I played Super Pac-Man and man, they need to fix the joystick on that machine.
I swear it was not
Super Pac-Man's on my little baby machine back here, and it's great.
It runs just fine.
You need control.
I mean, the game may run fine, but Joystick's broken.
It's not going to run fine.
Yeah, well, that's probably heavy usage.
That's a maintenance issue.
That's a completely different machine.
Yeah.
So there was that going on.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Oh, and a little touch of Avatar thrown in here, just offline stuff, you know, looking around, but mostly it's just been what I named.
Nice.
All right.
You didn't break the soundboard, SSJ100, Matt.
Loki, how was your gaming week?
I didn't play a whole ton of stuff other than Minecraft, really.
So I worked on publishing an episode, which I did do that about a week ago.
And I'm already working on the next one.
So I built a dropper ride in my theme park.
I saw that.
That was cool.
Yeah, yeah, and then I've got a wild mouse that's being built in this episode, so that'll be coming soon.
And I guess I could mention it because it's not really...
Word of our show rolling, I think.
So they had like a Nest Maker Direct yesterday talking about like some of the updates with the software and stuff, which, you know, I use that to make Pixel Poops number two.
So there's some exciting stuff coming down the road.
It's not available right now, but they're going to... They have been talking about publishing through their site that they have called the Retroverse that...
they'll be doing physical versions of the games at some point where you can publish through them and they basically give you a cut anytime it sells but they handle all the other stuff with that so that's certainly an option that I want to go down when that's available because that would make it a lot easier than having to constantly make my own
Game Cartridges and stuff like that but the other thing that's cool too they have this publishing arm that they're working with called Bitmax Games that's publishing Nesmaker games on the Switch, Xbox Steam, iOS, Android uh
I don't know if it was like PC, Mac, and Linux and stuff like that but anyways I'm interested in that as well so like when that comes around same type of thing they'll essentially publish your game and then give you a cut like a small cut of the sales when it gets sold so hopefully that happens sooner than later right now they also announced though too that they're kind of spinning off Nest Maker into this new thing called Retro Game Forge which is
DarkSakura,
Yeah, I think that'll be fun.
Hopefully that comes down the line and we can get that out on the Switch just so more people can play it.
That's funny.
Yeah, I know.
I think that's great.
Bobby Blackwolf in chat points out, I think having your game stand on its own on these storefronts instead of being hidden behind DLC of a free game will help with discoverability.
Well, don't forget HIO, Bobby.
I don't think that's the case on HIO.
But yes, I mean, the more the merrier, right?
Especially when, like, at this point, you've kind of written off the game.
It's like, okay, it was a labor of love.
I learned a lot.
I'm not going to retire to a mansion with it.
Like, throwing it at additional storefronts and seeing what happens, why not, right?
So...
Have you ever, Loki, have you ever thought, like I know a lot of your spare time is the Minecraft content creation and everything you do in that community.
Have you ever thought about getting back on the horse and doing another NES game?
I just don't have time to do it with the Minecraft stuff.
Try to do something maybe that isn't a toilet joke.
As much as we all enjoyed that, maybe if you did something that was different, you might... Oh, you never know.
I think maybe I have to see what the Super Nintendo stuff looks like.
At one time, I...
something with the Playdate and the GB Studio stuff that they have that piece of software is pretty good so you could do like Game Boy games out of that pretty easy so I might look into that as well I don't know but it takes a lot of time it's not going to be something that I'm probably going to be doing within the next couple years though unfortunately because it's just don't have the time to split like that
uh DJ Ranma S with a throwback in chat says we need another Loki remix okay so I'm sure I know newer listeners of OLR would not know this this goes way back but before Loki was doing the Minecraft before he was doing he was doing like I don't know if you call them mashups remixes yeah mashups
So, okay, you know what I think of when I go to TikTok and I hear the cupcake remix of a certain song where, you know, it's all these nasty words, you know, to, you know, like, you know, instead of H-O-T-T-O to go, it's like, wash my ass and tits to go, you know, like, it's like, Loki would do that with like, well, not that foul, but like would take songs and kind of mash them together and do these, like, and you had some really good stuff.
Like, honestly, to be honest, I still remember like,
you did a song from In The Groove and mashed it up with Verbalicious Don't Play Nice and it sounded so good you took a song from The Matrix and mashed it up with god damn I can't remember it was the Highway song from The Matrix and you just and it was so good like yeah Loki did some really sweet remixes back in the day I wonder do you have an mp3 do you have a library of all those somewhere
Yeah, I have them all still.
I want to send them over.
We need to put them somewhere on a Dropbox or something so we can, yeah, have those preserved, even though, sure, they're questionable, you know, legalities.
The stuff on TikTok's worse.
The stuff on TikTok's way worse.
Yeah, I mean, for sure.
And then, like, some of that stuff, like, I listen back to it and I'm like, oh, that was just lame.
I just put Gravity on top of that song.
You know what?
It didn't really make anything, you know.
Um,
Oh, there's some, yeah, the, the, the, oh God, what was the verbalicious one?
So it was Don't Play Nice and, um... It was, was the song called Zodiac or was the artist Zodiac?
No, Zodiac was the song.
Okay.
Yeah.
that's it it was a really good remix all right we'll have to we're gonna dig them up someday and we'll play them on the air all right uh well i i say that but then i'm like oh but then twitch has all these excuse me twitch has all these weird rules around the dj stuff now so now they're gonna be so maybe we have to play it private on discord or something because it might get weird if we try to do it here on twitch yeah i have them all here in the folder really um can you drop boxes on me
uh yeah probably yes all right cool okay um all right my gaming week uh a lot of Final Fantasy 14 of course y'all know me at this point of course playing a lot of the mobile games I've actually been playing a lot more Monster Hunter now lately randomly uh trying to get my steps in in Pikmin I planted an impressive amount of flowers this week
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
and then there's one other game I've been playing and I kind of am like should I talk about this or not because technically here's the thing you're not supposed to talk about this game
but what's happening with this game is it's becoming like okay like you know the first rule of Fight Club is don't talk about Fight Club okay 33,000 people are concurrently playing Fight Club it has hit the gaming news everybody knows about this fucking game it's just that they're trying to create this scarcity thing going on right now which was always very successful for Google products like Gmail
Google Wave.
Hey, get me an invite to Google Wave.
I want to get on Google Wave.
The fuck is Google Wave?
I don't know, but I want to be in it because it's invite only.
So they're creating that whole scarcity thing with...
Valve's worst kept secret of all time, Deadlock is the other game I played this week.
And technically, as somebody pointed out, you can hit escape and never agree to the thing where it says don't talk about this game or whatever it is.
And look, I'm not going to go in depth.
There's way worse shit on YouTube.
I'm just going to say, yeah, I've played it.
And it's very easy to invite people to it.
If you know anybody on Steam that has it, they can invite you to it.
And I would assume...
Gamescom is when Valve is finally going to announce that this is legit and like what's going on with this.
But we'll see.
We'll see.
But it is.
So what is Deadlock?
It is Overwatch, basically.
So like the heroes and that concept meets a MOBA.
That's it.
That's what it is.
And I know that sounds incredibly uninteresting.
Actually, that's opinion.
And I actually was really into it, what I've played of it.
But yeah, if you don't like first-person shooters, or even it's technically not first-person because it's over the shoulder, but if you don't like those types of shooters, no, you're not going to like this.
If you don't like MOBAs, eh, you might not, though.
Yeah.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Dota 2
and some of the characters are pretty fun I like the and I don't know their names sorry but there's a guy with a bunch of electricity shit and that's the guy like he throws these electricity grenades and can like tie two to two people together with electricity so they keep shocking each other like I I like that guy I also think it was very smart it's a very subtle but cool aesthetic to build in that to get quickly down the lanes you have zip lines and
So what you do is if you're at the base and you want to go down a lane, you hook to a zip line and you go, woo, flying down a lane.
It's a very simple thing, but creates a really cool aesthetic and an over-the-shoulder first-person shooter.
That's like, was it straight out of Bioshock Infinite?
Yeah, kind of.
But that's...
and DarkSakura.com.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
is it an Overwatch killer?
no, because it's a different game it's still a MOBA at heart a traditional MOBA at heart and some people are going to be into that, some people aren't and that's really that but yeah, I'm enjoying Deadlock so far and I look forward to when more of my friends are finally on it because I sent some invites out but it can take up to a day for those people to get their invitation and a lot of people don't realize you have to check your email
So if you think somebody invited you to Deadlock, check your email because you have to acknowledge it in the email before you can actually launch it in the store.
But that's all I have to say about that.
Hopefully Valve officially announces the game this week because it's ludicrous.
This whole test they're doing is silly at this point.
Come on.
DragonCon is coming up in less than two weeks!
DragonCon starts on a Thursday because yes, DragonCon is so fucking stacked over Labor Day weekend on Friday, Saturday, Sunday, and most of Monday.
People are usually leaving and heading out of town, but they do have content on Monday that now DragonCon backs up into Thursday.
and like this is, I've seen more content this year on Thursday night than any other year prior.
Thursday night was usually like Dragon Con wrestling.
Yes, they have a whole little wrestling thing they do.
But that was usually it.
It was like, that's all they have is wrestling on Thursday night.
Nope, they've got panels, content, the works.
The only thing is like the Hall of Fame and the vendor halls are not open on Thursday.
But otherwise, a lot of the experiences there.
I know, oh my gosh.
Wild, wild.
Anyway, I will be going to Dragon Con for the...
DJ Ranma S, Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
until now because the app came out this week and if you actually go into the DragonCon app you can actually find me
DragonCon.com
Thursday night, I will be doing a digital media kickoff.
The VOG Network presents a digital media connection event.
So this is a big networking event and it's kind of like the, there's a formal panel to kick off the digital media track because Bobby's going to be on that.
But then right after is more of a informal meet and greet, come hang out, meet other content creators, exchange information, ideas.
I'm going to rely on a little bit of what I do with my day job to
I think it'll be a fun panel.
So then I have a panel that's not on my schedule on Friday, but I'm going to be doing a panel.
And I'm sorry, because since I don't have it officially on my schedule, I forget the time.
I think it's at 2.30.
But I have a panel on streaming retro games that I'm going to be just a panelist on unofficially because they added me at the last minute.
But I'm excited.
I love retro games.
Excited to talk about that.
So let's talk about my first main track panel, which is going to be on Saturday, August 31st.
I will be moderating a panel with the voice actors from Baldur's Gate 3.
And that includes, from Baldur's Gate 3, we're going to have Alena Baranova, Jennifer English, Neil Newborn, Theo Solomon, and Devorah Wilde.
I'm incredibly angry right now.
Why are you angry?
because you can't be happy for your friend.
I'm happy for you and angry for me.
You're angry for you because you're not going.
Money exists.
No, I know.
I know.
I know.
I'm very, very excited about that.
And I've played a little bit of Baldur's Gate 3, but I think you all know I did not have the best Twitch experience with that game.
But I'm doing some cramming behind the scenes to make sure I'm ready for that.
That is still going to be a fan Q&A.
So to be honest, you don't have to know a lot about a property to do a fan Q&A.
So that is...
Yeah, that is going to be a thing.
And I'm really excited to do it.
That's going to be huge.
So yeah.
Yeah.
Bobby Blackwolf in chat says, I also asked for Baldur's Gate 3, but Rob got it.
So, you know, yeah, it is what it is.
But the funny and ironic thing is, do you know what video game panel Bobby got instead?
Mass Effect.
He got the voice actors from Mass Effect.
So that did kind of make me laugh.
Yeah.
All right.
Yeah.
I am again angry.
I agree with Quest Buster.
The voice actor work throughout the game is amazing.
Easily one of its strongest points.
Absolutely.
Okay.
Let me mention some non-video game, but still really cool things I'm doing.
On Saturday at 5.30 PM, I have the pleasure of doing a panel with guests from the Star Wars universe.
So these are mostly Disney Plus shows, but Natasha Lou Bordizzo from Ahsoka is going to be there.
Giancarlo Esposito, who is also in The Boys, and Mandalorian.
He's my favorite bad guy ever.
Yep, is going to be there.
And Danny Trejo.
Awesome.
I...
about Lost My Damn Mind when I saw that one.
So this is going to be a very fun panel.
And then the panel that I requested and I actually got, I'm very excited about this on Sunday, Star Trek Lower Decks, Tawny Newsome and Eugene Cordero, two of the voice actors from Star Trek's Lower Decks are going to be there.
I actually got to work with them a little bit.
Well, not work with them.
I got to meet them and talk to them on the Star Trek cruise and they were an absolute delight.
So I'm really excited about that one.
some more games or excuse me some more panels on the digital media track streaming beyond video games that's going to be pretty interesting because we're going to talk about things that you can stream on Twitch that aren't just video games such as a podcast or hot tub stream sure I don't know if we have any hot tub streamers on the portal on the portal the panel but yes and then turning digital media skills into IRL skills that's going to be really cool because we're talking about how
and DarkSakura.
Zach Aguilar, Jason Librecht, and Abby Trott
and Fire Emblem Three Houses and also as the characters in Super Smash Brothers Ultimate.
And then this is really cool because I didn't know this person went to conventions, but Abby Trott is also the singer of the English version of the theme for Super Smash Brothers Ultimate.
that's kind of fun and she's Annette in Fire Emblem she has Ivy and Carmen Sandiego on Netflix and Windblade in the Transformers Prime Wars trilogy so yeah lots of lots of awesome resumes there so yeah that'll be a fun panel you got my attention there because that's like one of my favorites of the newer Transformers characters yeah yeah so um yeah so DragonCon this year
I've kind of been hinting at this for a while is that I expect this is going to be a big year and a fun year.
And wow, I'm very humbled and grateful for this opportunity to do this.
I just want to have a good time and make sure these panels are a good time and host them for folks.
So yeah, I hope to see you all at DragonCon.
Obviously, again, the best time to meet me
Bobby Blackwolf Introduce Catherine Tate
who's of course Donna Noble, one of the companions.
So that's... I'm sorry, even better than that, she's Lauren.
Yeah, she actually, she has a very impressive, she was in the office and all that, yeah.
So she has an impressive resume, but yes.
That's, yeah.
Yeah, SSJ100 Matt does bring up a good point.
I hope the SAG-AFTRA stuff gets resolved soon.
That's a very good point because I don't know to what extent I'll be able to, I probably won't be able to talk about Fire Emblem, which is fine because it's an anime panel anyway.
The Baldur's Gate 3...
I would think Larian is not on a struck list, but I don't know that for sure.
So I probably will not know until I get there.
But you know what?
Even if we had to talk about other things, I am sure there are plenty of you out there that would listen to Neil Newborn and all of those voice actors I mentioned read the fucking phone book.
Yeah.
so we will find plenty to talk about don't worry Baldur's Gate 3 or otherwise yeah he's fun to watch stream too yeah yeah like he will just bust out into a starry end at a drop of a hat yeah so yeah there was the uh Giancarlo uh Esposito uh the one thing I think of about you know that would be definitely not struck work is when he cameoed on Dropout as part of um
S, Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen S, Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
It was awesome.
I personally would want to know a bit more about mocap work because that's actually a big thing that Neil Newbon does.
He's got mocap education, resources for voice actors, ways to help professionals in the field.
He really has done a lot of good work for other actors who happen to be in a virtual field.
You know, you bring up a really good point because a lot of things we call voice actors in gaming today actually has a lot of mocap stuff going on.
And the best example of that I can think of is actually a panel I was lucky enough to do a couple years ago at DragonCon.
I did a panel with actors from Red Dead Redemption and the sequel.
And it was funny because in the book, it was called voice actor panel.
But when we got there and got up on stage, they were like,
Actually, we're like acting in like a small theater in these mocap things, basically in a room that's like a theater.
And so actually, I learned a lot about that process from the Red Dead folks.
That was really enlightening to me.
And I want to say one of them did like a Let's Play of the series with somebody else on YouTube and talks a lot about that.
So, oh, thank you.
Bobby Blackwell says performance actors is what they prefer to be called in that case.
Yeah, and I really appreciate, because he also, I mean, he did, great, I can't remember the character, it's in one of the Resident Evils I didn't play, Resident Evil 4.
And then he was in Detroit Become Human.
Mm-hmm.
as Gavin and then as the CEO guy, which honestly, I always thought there was something a little bit off about the accent.
He does a really decent American accent.
But I mean, I've followed his career, you know, in voice acting and mocap for a hot minute.
And
Honestly, I have to say is one of my inspirations for getting into some of the projects that I'm doing.
That's awesome.
That I can't talk about yet.
Alright.
Because I still am in the planning stages.
Welcome to DragonCon!
No show on September the 1st for that reason.
Another chance for me to take over.
Awesome.
I have my wild way.
Bobby Blackwell points out we do the annual masquerade party in the VOG Network suite.
And I will give a shout out to this.
Technically, I don't know what is and isn't broadcast, but...
DragonCon TV is a really cool thing.
If you can't go to DragonCon, you can still get like a $10 membership for DragonCon TV.
And you can see a selection of a lot of these different types of panels.
And DragonCon TV is something they actually beam into the hotels.
So they use the in-house hotel channels.
So if you're at a host hotel, one of the five host hotels, you can actually watch DragonCon TV.
So if you are too tired and you want to lie in bed, but you want to see one of the big panels, you can actually watch DragonCon TV.
A lot of them are streamed on DragonConTV I don't know if any of mine are I imagine the Baldur's Gate Well, I think they're doing the Baldur's Gate one three times But I imagine one of these might be on DragonConTV So you can actually see that If you can get me the time for that, I'll actually I'll take off work if I have to Oh, I love that, thank you so much And I hope that no one from work is listening to me say that
I will try to find out about that.
But yes, DragonCon TV memberships are a way that you could do that and participate virtually, which will be cool.
But something that Bobby and I do every year is that Sunday night, we will get a group of friends together from DragonCon and have a masquerade party where we watch the masquerade from the comfort of our hotel room eating pizza and just being able to talk relatively as loud as we want amongst friends and watching the masquerade.
And there are certain traditions where
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
The year they did it virtually, they didn't get the streaming rights to be able to stream that cartoon for obvious reasons.
So they remade the cartoon with all these people that are at DragonCon all the time.
I'm confident Mark Muir's got to be in there.
I'm confident Mark Muir and Garrett Wong are almost certainly in this, where they actually just reenacted Duck Dodgers in the 24th and a half century.
It was fucking great.
No, it wasn't animated.
It was people wearing costumes.
It was great.
Actually, the virtual year was really sweet.
That whole situation was shit, but DragonCon did an amazing job for 2020 because the parade was awesome too.
The way they did the parade, they still had people, they recorded people, and they had them walk left to right across the street so that the parade looked like it was always people going by.
It was...
They did the best they could with that whole thing.
Oh, Bobby Blackwolf actually links it in chat.
I'm not going to play it now, but check that out if you're in the chat room or you can search it later for the Duck Dodgers in the 24th and a half century.
Okay, let's get into video game news, though.
You're not here for Daffy Duck, unfortunately.
You're here for video game news.
So let's get to it, Loki.
Alright, some more rumors on when that Switch 2 is expected.
We kind of figured probably the end of this quarter, or financial year I should say.
So, March 2025.
However, apparently some developers are expressing that they expect it to be launching next financial year.
So sometime between, you know, after March 2025.
So maybe early April, maybe May.
Who knows?
Nintendo plays by their own set of rules.
Also, apparently this has been confirmed as well by UniruGamer.
They said they can corroborate this as well with April 2025 being the very earliest the console could arrive now.
So we'll just wait and see until they announce it officially.
Let's just keep fucking waiting for that Nintendo successor because I...
Look, I'm on the fence here because I'm like, if they are delaying it to make sure they have enough parts to make enough of them to meet the demand, it's hard for me to be upset.
I want to make sure it is not a pain in the fucking ass to get one of these when they come out, like most Nintendo hardware usually is when it comes out.
I do not have to want to sit there humping the Target app, refreshing inventory at my local stores to get a fucking Switch 2.
I want to be able to just...
Get one.
Like, order it on Amazon, have it show up at my house.
Or pre-order it at Best Buy, go walk to the store and get it.
Like, it should be that easy, I hope.
So if that's the reason for the delay, fine.
But otherwise, it's like, the Switch is not getting any younger, and it is getting harder and harder to tolerate games on it, let me tell you.
It's falling behind big time.
Yeah, for sure.
And I'm just wondering what we'll see as far as announcements for more games because it's kind of not really anything else coming out.
I wouldn't be surprised if they just try to push it into that maybe for whatever reason they're going to hit their target numbers in this financial year.
So they're like, okay, we'll just pad out the next one or something like that.
I don't know what the reasoning for it would be, but...
I don't know, it doesn't matter.
Unless it's delayed to 2026 or something like that, which I don't think it would be.
It really doesn't matter.
I feel like it's either coming end of May or in June.
July seems late, but then again, I'm all for Nintendo waiting as long as possible and making sure enough units are made so the scalpers can't get them.
At this point, considering all this information we have about when it is coming and when it isn't coming, I think that Memorial Day weekend, which you're kind of highlighting there, May or June, I think that Memorial Day weekend sort of period is a good bet.
We'll see.
We'll see.
Quest Buster in chat says, Tears of the Kingdom really laid bare how far it pushed the Switch.
Yeah, absolutely.
I've been playing Pokemon Scarlet recently and I know tons of you have played it as well and you know, it's rough.
So it really feels like you're playing the low-end specs version of a Switch that never was, but we'll see.
Let's just hope that the new one, though, has the specs to keep up with this stuff because if it's just like...
well it doesn't run as bad you know then that could be I would think that the dev kits would match that and so hopefully a lot of that will get worked out I mean you know the Pokemon company doesn't always make the best optimized games but like I have got to have a new switch for Pokemon Legends ZA I've got to have a new switch for Pokemon Legends ZA by the way
The PokeMedia
While we await... Oh, closing ceremonies are in an hour or so.
All right, well, we might still be live when that all happens, so we'll see.
Otherwise, it'll be right after we go off air tonight.
Well, let's follow back on something we were talking about last week.
So we had some late-breaking news during the show last week that Tango Gameworks was being absorbed by a new publisher, Krafton, who, of course, made...
PUBG, PlayerUnknown's Battlegrounds.
And that was happy news because we didn't want to see Tango go away.
We didn't want to see Hi-Fi Rush go away.
And so this is very happy news.
But it also begged the question, well, wait a minute.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Thank you for watching.
See you next time.
So folks are thinking this is probably the half that didn't yet find new employment or just pieced out of the industry or for whatever reason otherwise decided they were not going to continue the journey.
So it seems like we have some clarity now.
It's about half of who was working at Tango before is going to carry on with this.
but that could still be an interesting kind of mix of like the people that made the game before and knew what made it great and maybe some new folks that come in from Krafton's side that helped to innovate with some new ideas that could be very interesting I mean obviously it would have been better if we didn't have the layoffs in the first place but I'm trying to find the silver lining in this you know maybe kind of mixing together a little bit there will cause some cool new ideas for Hi-Fi Rush 2 which seems at this point inevitable we will get that game it's just a matter of when
So that was an interesting follow-up.
We got a little question answered that we had last week.
Unfortunately, DarkSakura has some news on the flip side of the coin, right?
Well, I was also just reading back to Krafton that they got this big funding deal too.
So they're actually looking to be in really good shape.
Yeah, no, it's good for them.
And yeah, obviously very, very happy with this ending, even if it would have been nicer to be a little sooner before Microsoft did what they did, but.
But in that not-so-good news, this is about Ubisoft.
They are doing another round of layoffs in San Francisco and Cary Studios that was also better known as Red Storm Entertainment.
And this is the second round of layoffs.
Playing off 45 people between those two groups.
This actually happened on the 16th.
There's not a big breakdown out as far as I can tell.
But I mean, they were dealing with canceled games with Red Storm, like Division Heartland.
They'd also worked on Ghost Recon and Rainbow Six.
So we'll see what happens.
But that's 45 more people who have to look for jobs in an already diminishing...
Field.
Meanwhile, Yves Guimond, CEO of Ubisoft, still has a job.
And all of us are sitting here and hearing this news wondering why.
That's all I have to say as well.
I was actually kind of curious.
I was like, hmm, let's see.
I'm looking at a story from, let's see, what is this here we're looking at?
Oh, this was published last month in an article on Gamefile.
I think this might be a, is this the actual site?
I don't know.
I'm looking at a site called Gamefile.news, but I think it might be one of those third-party things that's pushing another article.
But it was from a Google search, so I just took what came up.
But it actually mentions that the pay for the past year ended up being $2 million in cash and stock for Yves Guimond.
$2 million.
That's actually not as much as I thought it would be, but that's still way too much money for somebody who's hemorrhaging employees like that.
Yeah, I mean, first of all, no one needs that kind of income, maybe unless they live in a very expensive city, maybe.
But that's a whole other, you know,
the big thing is that if your company is failing the primary responsibility is going to fall on the person that runs the company being the CEO and if the CEO is unwilling to make sacrifices then the board needs to step in and do something
Now I will point out before it's pointed out to me in chat or email that Ysgaon did take a 30% pay cut a couple of years ago, but I think we can all agree, Satoru Iwata, you are not, sir.
Alright.
Well, no one is Iwata.
No.
No, no, no.
Alright, moving on.
Loki.
yeah so I guess this is not super surprising but there was a highly anticipated Modern Warfare 2 remaster multiplayer mod because when that game was released they didn't include the multiplayer portion of it and this would have modified Modern Warfare 1 to basically have some of the maps from Modern Warfare 2 or like remaster those
and as you would expect cease and desist of course someone did their job for them one day before it was supposed to be released so what happens well that's too bad hope it doesn't leak on the internet that would be tragic if it did
and then in somewhat better news Call of Duty is Activision is changing how Call of Duty is going to be available to download because one of the things that kind of is associated with Call of Duty recently over the last few years is it's enormously stupidly large download size right now the current size of the game is 175 gigabytes which is
Huge.
But now they're going to allow you to essentially split up that download to the parts that you would play.
So for example, the single player campaign, if you're just going to be playing the online Warzone stuff, multiplayer, whatever the case may be.
They're going to have a launcher that will allow you to access the different modes and then delete the rest later on if you need to.
So that's the bare minimum they could have done, at least.
Cool, thanks.
I feel like it's that scene from Sailor Moon where Tuxedo Common says, my job is done, and she's like, but you didn't do anything.
Yeah.
Didn't he, Lisa?
Didn't he?
S2100Matt says, Oh, so you can only use up to half your data cap and not all of it downloading the whole game.
Yeah, exactly.
That part.
It's dumb.
I don't know.
I mean, I haven't been engaged in Modern Warfare or that type of stuff in a while, so...
DarkSakura's Undivided Attention Dragon Age Yeah
I'd say it worked.
All right.
Let's talk about specifically Dragon Age Veilguard, which is, of course, the latest entry in Dragon Age that we have been waiting a long, long, long time for.
A Steam pre-order is already published, by the way.
Yes, well now we know exactly when the wait will end.
We finally have a release date.
There was an official release date trailer that showed up this week, if you're into the super cuts of cutscenes and a little bit of gameplay in there and that stuff.
But we know the day for Dragon Age The Veil Guard is October 31st.
That's right, happy Halloween from Bioware.
The Veil Guard will be out on October 31st.
This is the first game in the Dragon Age series in, get this, 10 years.
That's right.
Inquisition can almost be a classic game of the week.
I think we have to get to the fall, but we are almost at the point where Dragon Age Inquisition could be a classic game of the week.
You are correct.
I checked.
So this game has been 10 years in the making, but I will say I've
I'm a fan of everything.
And I'm not even the Dragon Age fan that DarkSakura is.
I appreciate it, but I'm not super into it.
But even I was looking at the gameplay trailers and stuff.
I was like, okay, that looks pretty rad.
I want to check this game out for sure.
So, yeah.
Well, I know that the Inquisitor is going to end up back in it.
They've pretty much spoiled it for everybody already because they've had a bunch of...
articles go out.
They were doing also like a video a day kind of thing for a little bit with information and I'm honestly looking forward to a lot of these new characters.
Some of the designs are absolutely amazing.
Plus it's set in Tevinter which I expect there to be a lot of fabulousness.
also to point out just something that we've learned about the game there will be a diverse array of accessibility options including standard difficulty modes so I'm not sure if we can tone it all the way down to a Bobby Blackwolf mode so he can play the game but I don't know exactly how much we can tweak the game but it sounds like we'll be able to make the game easier or harder if that's something you're into and then custom settings to make different aspects of the game more forgiving
interesting so i wonder if you i wonder if you could just like turn off death or something and sometimes there's that sometimes it goes that far so uh we'll see we'll know more soon i'm expecting different things like switch control one arm controls you know that type of thing of course of course um colorblind modes um i mean there's all sorts of things and um i would even say descriptive modes yeah yeah i was thinking that too like last of us had yeah
and honestly more games need descriptive modes like that too it's like I mean it's something I've been doing if anyone is in like a stream of mine and expresses that they've got visual difficulties I try to be really descriptive it's not that hard to do you hire someone to narrate the scenery plus like
Oh, I was talking about, I thought you were talking about streaming because in streaming, it kind of gives you something to talk about if you're not like the type that is very good at keeping, or you don't have a busy, busy chat or you're just, you know, you're, you don't, you're still working on your interaction and doing that.
Like being descriptive is a really good way to kind of fill space and be helpful.
I agree with that.
Yeah.
And for me though, the being descriptive has been a really good exercise for me working on my, my novel.
hmm um that I'm finally starting to get underway is this what what do they fucking call that when they do November write a book in November the national writing yes yeah but I'm not doing it for that okay okay um I've I've been putting a lot of work into this I guess I'll talk a little bit about it um I'm doing them as serials hmm
So, you know, sort of episodic.
So the stories will be affordable and, you know, you have something to look forward to and then to be released as a full novel later on.
That's my plan.
With game sort of content to follow.
But that's a really ambitious project and it is on the back burner, but underway.
I'll put it that way.
You heard it here first.
Alright, let's move on.
DarkSakura, you actually have our next story.
I do indeed.
So, Silent Hill Ascension.
Wow, what a weird thing that was.
It won the Creative Arts Emmy Award.
for its existence.
And the Genvid CEO, Jacob Novak, said that just needed to put out thank yous for the team.
300 writers, artists, developers, QA testers, mocap performers, voice actors, and localization editors.
And then for Konami, Bad Robot.
They listed Behavior, Sinscape, Streamline, Google, and Eclipse Games.
So...
I think that it's cool we're definitely seeing more gaming and gaming franchises getting really big acclaim
Yeah, but this is interesting to me.
I mean, yeah, it's cool that it got an Emmy and probably like what they were trying to do is very unlike, you know, something we've seen.
But for the most part, it did not get received well.
I think that's the thing.
It's this very interesting sort of duality here.
Creativity, though.
Yeah.
Yeah.
So it's like the way of which it was delivered to the medium and the media.
But a lot of Silent Hill fans didn't care for it.
Yeah.
If that could get an Emmy, then... Maybe you think the Borderlands motion picture could win an Oscar?
No.
But I mean, when you think about it, you can have a movie that has really... Well, you can practically have anything that has really great concepts, really good...
What's the word I'm thinking of?
Amazing innovations in how it's produced and how it's created.
And it can still come out as a piece of crap.
I mean, just like...
I'm trying to think of examples.
I have an example.
How about the Wachowski sisters when they did the Speed Racer movie?
Now, some people love that movie, but some people think it's... I love that movie.
Some people are not fans.
But if it didn't win, it was nominated for an Oscar for costumes and visual effects.
Oh, yeah, no.
There's a bunch of just...
I'll put it this way, because you know me, I like myself some not great movies if it's got an interesting concept.
It's, I think, more of the thing that you can recognize when a product does not come out as expected, but still displays a great deal of innovation.
Like, you know, the Betamax.
Great idea!
Really, it was far superior to VHS, but what went out in the end?
VHS.
Yep.
Because VHS had the adult film industry.
Blu-ray versus HD, you know, DVD.
Mm-hmm.
You know... Because Blu-ray was built into the PlayStation 3.
Yeah.
Or, you know... Oh, here's an example.
The Virtual Boy.
Oh!
Oh!
It really did do a lot of innovation for what it was.
It was new.
It was novel.
People were excited about it, even if, again, it wasn't the best thing in the world.
As I call it, the great red migraine machine.
but it definitely was innovation for what it did it was something new and really you know created this new range of possibility for for entertainment okay that's a good that's a good analogy
Um, yeah, this is a very random question.
But now I have to ask it.
So of course, I talked about the Speed Racer movie.
And you know, Loki's like, I like that movie.
I like that movie.
Bobby Blackwolf said Speed Racer is amazing.
It's always my answer to my favorite movie that everyone else hates.
So now I'm going to ask you, and I know DarkSakura, I know DarkSakura is beyond a shadow of a doubt, but I'm gonna see if I'm right.
I'd like write it on a piece of paper or something if I had it.
DarkSakura, what is your favorite movie that everyone else hates?
I would say Xanadu, but now a lot of people love it.
That would have been my answer was Xanadu.
So I'm going to say Cube 2 Hypercube.
Oh, yeah, that tracks.
That tracks.
Again, because great concept, you know, but poor execution.
I can still find it enjoyable.
You know, I would also throw out an honorable mention of Robot Jocks.
Yeah.
Seriously, and I liked Alien Resurrection.
I liked Alien Resurrection as well, which is funny because I don't see a lot of Alien movies, and no, I'm not going to go see the new one, but I did see Alien Resurrection.
I am.
Who wants to go with me?
Loki does.
My answer, I think will be obvious too, my answer to this question, a movie I love that everybody else hates, Showgirls.
but like DarkSakura, I feel like Showgirls is one of those things where especially in the queer community, it's one of those things that people appreciate its badness now.
People are convinced that Gina Gershon absolutely knew what the fuck was going on with that movie from the very beginning and was acting exactly right.
Her performance was actually 4D chess in that game and I would believe it because Gina Gershon's amazing.
So yeah, Showgirls is my favorite movie there.
And anyone who doesn't like it, well, they don't know shit.
Yeah, you don't know shit.
You need to go eat some puppy chow.
I'm trying to think if I can even think of another one.
Like a movie I love that everybody else hates.
Like, I love the movie Sister Act.
I could watch that every day for the rest of my life.
But a lot of people love that movie, right?
Even though maybe it wasn't like a critical darling.
I know.
I thought it would be Goldberg.
And then I thought of Star Trek.
Star Trek Generations.
I love that movie.
I don't give a fuck if people say it's one of the bad ones.
I have concepts in it that I like, but I also... You know what we were watching before the show, before Dan left the house?
We were watching Wrath of Khan.
That's a good one.
And I do, for the record, like The Search for Spock.
I'm also going to throw that out there, that I did enjoy that movie, even with it being fucking bizarre.
Um...
So I'm just going to say that right now.
I'll get to Loki's answer in a minute.
And I like Silent Hill.
Oh, that's true.
A lot of people didn't care for that movie.
You're right.
You're right.
That's a good one.
And a lot of people are wrong.
DJ Ranma S is cheering me on in chat saying, hell yeah, Sister Act.
I love that movie too.
Rob, I got your six.
True story.
True story.
One of my friends, and y'all might know my friend VG Realness or Delvin was on a show called Video Game Realness.
He's a lot of fun.
I know.
He's great.
He came out here to Sacramento to visit for, it was a few years ago.
It was before the Panini.
I have pictures from that.
So it was a few years ago.
Yeah, so we got to meet and hang out with different people, but he wanted to go to Reno.
And I was like, Delvin, nobody wants to go to Reno.
If you think it's Vegas, it's not.
He said, no, I want to see the places from Sister Act.
and I was like, oh, okay.
We're going.
So we have a picture with the arch and I was like, that used to be the Fitzgerald.
That's where they filmed a lot of it, but it's now a rock climbing slash condominium thing because Fitzgerald's closed years ago.
But yeah, it's taken me to see all the sites of where they shot the movie Sister Act in Reno.
Oh my God.
Ugh.
And Ranma, if you ever come out here, I'll take you to Reno as well Reno!
And Gamora Alright You know what, okay, so Dan's job took him to Reno quite a bit I mean, it's not going to do it so much anymore But there, we used to stay at the Peppermill And they have a pretty freaking decent set of pinball tables there
The Peppermill.
Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah.
They used to have a badass retro arcade there, actually.
They still have a pretty decent arcade.
There's, like, redemption crap there, but for the most part, it's still pretty good.
I played, like, Star Wars pods there, too.
That was pretty fun.
And just, yeah, just, it's a nice little arcade.
All right.
Bobby Blackwolf totally derailed our show tonight.
Wow.
Wow.
Of all people.
Of all people.
And you know what?
It's not even food.
Et tu, Brute?
Okay.
Derailed the show.
Loki, what is your favorite movie that everybody else hates?
I know.
What is that?
I mean, there's Kung Pao Enter the Fist.
Yes.
The skateboarding movie.
Gleaming the Cube?
Nah, Gleaming the Cube's alright I would say I'm not a huge fan of Gleaming the Cube I've watched that, but like Rad, obviously is one Rad is awesome That's it, Rad was what I was thinking of Didn't you take your kids...
No, not Prayer of the Rollerboys.
I normally think of Airborne.
Airborne is a bad movie that I used to love watching.
That's also rollerblading.
But then more recently, Turbo Kid, for sure.
And then kind of a throwback one that I watched once, but I would watch again.
Wanted.
Gotta curb those bullets.
Yeah.
That movie was so stupid.
I don't think I have ever seen that.
Funny enough, it's a Marvel comic.
I didn't know that.
Oh, I do like the old Punisher movie.
The one with Dolph Lundgren.
And Masters of the Universe.
was one of the one where the guy took the keyboard and smacked the other guy and then all the keys pop off and say fuck you was that that movie yes that's wanted okay that was that movie was ridiculous I would say like yeah well it's not a bad movie but like you know Commando I mean
Gotta love Commando.
Stopping.
Okay.
All right.
We're going to get back into gaming news, but I have one more answer that nobody said that I know applies to all of us and all of you in chat, unless you've never seen it, which is certainly possible.
But I think y'all should go check it out if you haven't and see what you think of the movie from the 1980s, The Wizard with Fred Savage.
Oh yeah!
I love the wizard.
The wizard is so cute.
Critics hated that fucking movie.
Well, you know what?
Critics are full of shit.
Bobby Blackwolf points out the Super Mario Bros.
3 Nintendo Direct.
Wow, and I think the chat is saying, alright, I bitch, you got me.
You got me.
Rob Roberts wins.
Rob Roberts won.
Scores 1.
Alright.
There were so many good movies though in the 80s and 90s and stuff like that.
Oh my god.
Do you know what other movie I saw like 40 times on VHS?
Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles 3.
The one where they time travel.
You know what?
I know.
I saw that in the theater four times.
I love that
True story, the first Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles started my thing of seeing movies that I super love in the theater in multiples of twos and fours.
Don't get me started on it.
It might be an autism thing, I don't know.
But I saw all three of them in the theater four times each.
and yes the only reason I thought of Ninja Turtles is because Tiger Claw's name popped up in chat and I was like oh the Ninja Turtles movie if you haven't watched it yet if you haven't watched it yet the new animated one that came out last summer I think fantastic like it's such a good movie I haven't seen it but you're not the first person I've heard say that it like it just it just feels right like I don't know what to say but like they are I think supposed to be doing another one so hopefully we'll see that it had like some
awesome association added to it like unhinged or something it's like something Mutant Mayhem that was it, that was really good that was really good
All right.
Back into gaming news.
Tiger Claw won and got his Ninja Turtles tangent.
So let's... And somehow Bobby Blackwolf enabled it.
It's a wild night here at VOG Network.
All right.
Let's get to... Honestly, it's a night of honesty.
It is.
It is a night of honesty.
It's a night of honesty.
All right.
Let's go to this.
This is honestly what the fuck.
Loki, this next story is honestly what the fuck.
You know, this, I think we can categorize it as franchises that are circling the drain that are just trying anything to, like, stay relevant.
So... Like, where did that shark come from?
Uh, Charles E. Cheese, um, is... Oh, we're using the legal name!
Yes, Esquire, the, uh...
Not Charles Cheese.
That's like when your mom says your full fucking name because you know you were busted.
Well, don't forget about his French cousin, you know, Charles de Fromage.
Charles Esquire Cheese, you get your ass down here right now!
Was he the new member of Wild Stallions?
So what obviously could possibly not be, there's no way it could be a scam with the name Fun Pass.
So it's a Fun Pass because it's fun to pay monthly fees to go to an arcade.
They have three tiers because of course they do.
Why wouldn't they?
Because they're causing tiers.
So, you know, the bronze tier, which no one cares about because it's bronze.
I mean, that's like third place.
Who wants that?
It's $8 a month, gets you 40 free arcade games.
Free, even though you paid for them, but yeah, sure, whatever.
Discounts off of pizza, 20% off pizza.
Sorry, Loki, I'm losing... For pizza that's only 20% good?
I'm losing my fucking mind at this comment in chat.
The SGM100 Matt said, Buka to Chucky.
Buka to Chucky.
So they have that.
Yeah, you get like 40 arcade games and discounts or whatever.
Then, of course, they also have other passes.
So the top end is the gold pass for $30 a month for 250 free games, 50% off other purchases as well.
You have to be really going to Chuck E. Cheese a lot, I would think, to do this.
And then once again, the whole point of doing this in the first place would be to just...
Get you kind of hooked in in the sense that, well, I'm paying for this, I gotta go, and then you spend more money.
Chuck E. Cheese doesn't even have DDR.
Like, if Round 1 did this, like, fuck it, I know people would sign up for that, but Charles doesn't even have DDR.
Yeah, so, I don't know.
Cool.
Good luck.
I don't want it.
Better games.
Get some DDR in there.
Alright, you know what, more power to those that want to go, but yeah Oh, oh, oh, hold on, and then the best part about it Chuck E. Cheese monthly memberships may be cancelled any time after the first 12 months They lock you in for 12 months, like it's some sort of cable Like a fucking cable Like it's a gym membership, it's the worst type Gym membership or something like that
It's the unhealthiest gym membership ever.
What?
Oh, I know what he's talking about, the lawsuit.
So somebody is suing a Disney park for a wrongful death lawsuit, but Disney is saying that it has to be arbitrated because by signing up for Disney+, they willed all of their arbitration rights to Disney.
What?
Yeah.
No, I shit you not.
This is a thing.
It's a wrongful death.
Like somebody... Was it that he died at a theme park or on a cruise or something?
Yeah, it was a theme park.
So it was in Walt Disney World and they went to a place that advertised itself as... Oh, that's right.
It was a restaurant.
It was a food allergy.
That's right.
It was a food allergy.
They were basically advertised that they could cater to people with food allergies.
Yes.
They asked many times while ordering and while receiving the food...
You know, you did take care of this so there's no food allergy stuff.
We're not going to have a problem.
And for legal reasons, I'm going to say this is all allegedly because I'm not fucking with Disney.
I'm not fucking with Disney.
Yeah, so allegedly that all happened and then she died.
And then so now they're saying, oh, well, because the husband purchased a trial to or... No, it was a trial.
Everybody in chat is saying it was even a trial.
It wasn't even a thing.
So...
Yeah, so it's just it's ridiculous.
Yeah, and Bobby Blackwell says this is reported by this is like a CNN story and like, you know, news outlets that this is not like a fucking TMZ thing.
This is like legitimately being reported.
So do you like how I say it's not TMZ?
It's actually legitimate.
All right.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
I don't know why I stopped.
Oh no, I do know why I stopped Anstream.
You know why I stopped Anstream?
Because it worked on the Xbox One, but for the longest time it didn't work on the Series X. And I thought that was the silliest thing.
I wanted to play Anstream on my console and it wouldn't work on my current console, so I got rid of it.
But...
and Stream has announced they're going to be coming out on PlayStation consoles now.
Finally.
This is really overdue, y'all.
But I'm glad it's happening.
And Stream is going to be coming out on PlayStation 4 and PlayStation 5.
And PlayStation games are going to be coming to the service, which is pretty cool.
Except...
I think these are like these are deep cut PlayStation games like ODT Escape or Die Trying, Tiger Shark, Motor Mash.
So these are going to be things like We Got the Rights Real Cheap, which OK, whatever, whatever works.
Also, which I thought was really interesting, Pico 8 is going to be added to AntStream and some games that they get on that.
Yeah, that's pretty cool.
if you didn't know Anstream it is like a legal emulator but it's not actually an emulator because it's a cloud service it's a cloud gaming service so you're actually running classic arcade games and console games and all that shit off the cloud so that's pretty cool and a lot of fun so yeah so if that is of interest to you you can check that out it's on Xbox it's on Playstation it's on PC it's not on the Switch yet but if it would I bet they would get more subs on that as well even though of course you're
If it's not on the Mac, it doesn't count.
I haven't looked into that to be honest.
But we'll do some research and get back to you.
But in the meantime, since I brought up classic gaming in some form, I think we might as well do this segment.
And now it's time to travel back to a simpler time where I'll dive into the vault and pull out a classic and tell you about it.
It's time for the classic game of the week.
Jamie, Jamie, Jamie, Jamie, Jamie, Jamie, Jamie, Jamie, Jamie.
Why do you hate me?
I don't hate you.
You do because you're going to go to do that panel and not even bring me back a souvenir.
This is an attack, and I want to explain why.
This is revenge.
A classic game has to be at least 10 years old to be in this segment, and this is an attack picking this game and reminding me that this is 10 years old.
This is a personal attack.
How do you think I feel?
How do you think I feel?
What is the classic aging, old, like we all are, classic game of the week?
Stop it.
The classic game of the week is Shovel Knight.
So Shovel Knight was developed and published by Yacht Club Games.
It was crowdfunded and the game released on Nintendo 3DS, Wii U, and Windows in June 2014.
It's had many, many ports.
Other versions came out.
I will be discussing them soonish.
But...
It was one of the very, you know, considered one of the greatest games ever made by a lot of people.
And then it even had additional versions of it.
There was a story with the retronym Shovel of Hope.
And then there was the full game Shovel Knight Treasure Trove.
So I'll move forward.
Oh, and there's also spin-offs.
We'll get into that in a minute.
Anyway, it is a 2D side-scrolling platform game.
2D with caveats, because I think part of it is in 3D as well.
Like a 3D base for 2D stuff.
But anyway, the base campaign, retroactively titled Shovel of Hope, you play as the Shovel Knight.
And you have to go rescue his partner, Shield Knight, while fighting the Enchantress and Order of No Quarter.
and he can dig because it's a shovel he can shovel and bounce with his shovel like pogo stick kind of like Scrooge McDuck and his cane I keep thinking of the shoveler from Mystery Men I shovel I'm damn good at shoveling yes you are um
and so you have to fight the different knights from the Order of No Quarter you have checkpoints, you have boss battles stuff like that to go through treasures and then you can also find a salesman named Chester
and you can purchase relics using your treasure and they will give you different magical abilities like invulnerability or one that shoots fireballs upgrades, things like that and you can also find sheet music that you can give to a bard and that gives you the play test the sound test for the game's music
and then if you die in Shovel Knight you lose a portion of your treasure at the location of death and you can return to that area to get your lost treasure but if you die before you claim the treasure it's gone and you also have an option for challenge of destroying the checkpoints
so yeah there's all that you have a new game plus mode and so now we have the other things to come so we have downloadable content for features including challenge mode where you can do like speedrun or repeat battles a local co-op multiplayer DLC for you to do the main campaign in tandem
Co-op on Nintendo platforms using the Shovel Knight Amiibo figures.
Body swap mode where you can alter your gender or pronouns of certain characters in the Shovel of Hope campaign.
And then there were the other campaigns like Plague of Shadows, Specter of Torment, and King of Cards.
that have different playable characters who are boss characters in the Shovel of Hope campaign like you play as Plague Knight who freaking love Plague Knight you can play as Specter Knight and then you have King Knight who has like a shoulder bash attack and he also has a card mini card game called Justice
and then Treasure Trove has a fighting game add-on called Shovel Knight Showdown that is not released on 3DS, Vita, or Fire TV and so you have a four-player fighting mode you also unlock other fighters in the story mode
Yeah, these unique boss battles, like even fighting Kratos from God of War on PlayStation, or the Battletoads as enemies on Xbox One and Windows.
Nintendo 3DS has stereoscopic 3D and StreetPass Arena modes.
You can fight players' ghosts on StreetPass.
And so, basically, the designer, Nick Wozniak, he said that the game sort of started out as a joke.
and got serious.
So they took the sword thrust move from Zelda 2 Adventure of Link and other attacks like ideas from Castlevania 3, DuckTales, Super Mario Bros.
3, Mega Man series, UN Squadron, also known as Area 88, Dark Souls and pretty much
Put things together.
They knew it was going to be Shovel Knight, but Plum at Night also showed up in the suggestions.
They had the Kickstarter on March 17, 2013.
It actually hit all of its goals and exceeded and got like $311,502.
And
They also distributed some copies of the demo to people on YouTube and Game Grumps and a few other online ones.
And Shovel Knight was originally supposed to be a princess.
And she was referred to as Princess MacGuffin by the development team.
And so they...
and instead though for later on they did like the body swap mode and had the enchanter instead of the enchantress and you know different kinds of things they were looking at like different styles of characters and different things that they wanted to do but you know we ended up with what we got and then um there of course there's a chiptune soundtrack uh done by an NES era composer Jake Kaufman who um
We also had contributions from the Mega Man composer Matsumai Manami.
And the soundtrack is on Bandcamp.
And it was supposed to just mimic the NES.
So yeah.
So anyway, as far as the releases, it was originally supposed to come out September 2013, but came out in 2014 instead.
And so we had all those extras I mentioned earlier.
And then before 2017, the game was released with the name Shovel Knight, just Shovel Knight, and then DLC after that.
and then after that update they gave it the retroactive title subtitle Shovel of Hope and then of course the Treasure Trove so an enhanced edition of Shovel of Hope DX was announced in June this year to be released on Steam with 20 different playable characters, online multiplayer, rewind and save states in-game cheats and additional content and
The Ghost Battle Arena is coming back, formerly the StreetPass Arena.
So, as far as awards, oh my god, the game won a bunch.
It won Best Independent Game at the Game Awards 2014, Nintendo Life's Reader Awards, Nintendo Life Staff Awards, it won eShop of the Year games in multiple categories.
Um, uh, the National Academy of Video Game Trade Reviewers that won Best 3DS Game, Best Music, IGN's Best of 2014, Best Platformer, Best Platformer People's Choice.
So, yeah, it really, really did.
There was the Amiibo figure, as I mentioned earlier, and it was the first Amiibo that was produced by a third party.
and then there was an Amiibo 3 pack with Plague Knight, Specter Knight and King Knight came out in 2019 and with a gold variant of the other Shovel Knight figure there was Arby's toys I didn't know there were Arby's toys I don't really eat fast food though I had no idea there were Arby's toys, wow
Shovel Knight also appears in other games, including Indie Pogo, Blade Strangers, Cook, Serve, Delicious Kitchen Battles, Move or Die, Dino Run DX, Runner 3, Riverbond, Rivals of Aether, Blaster Master Zero, Bloodstained Ritual of the Night.
Road Redemption, Epic Manager, Sea War, Star Mazer, Rainbow, All Stars, Dungeons and Diamonds, Ghost Police, Mutant Mud, Super Challenge, Pixel Noir, and Mighty Quest.
Also cameos in Brawlhalla, Super Smash Bros.
Ultimate, Azure Striker, Gunvolt 2, Two Brothers, Yooka-Laylee,
Aegis Defenders, River City Ransom Underground, Puzzle Depot, Crypt of the Necrodancer, Enter the Gungeon, Katana Zero.
There's just a few of them.
And there's music that shows up in Just Shapes and Beats and Voice.
So there are spinoffs 2020 February.
There was Shovel Knight Pocket Dungeon, which is a dungeon crawler.
And then there's Shovel Knight Dig.
So, um...
It was initially released on Nintendo 3DS, Wii U, and Windows.
Then it was ported to Mac OS and Linux.
And then after that, PlayStation 3, PS4, PS Vita, Xbox One, and then Amazon Fire TV.
And after that, Nintendo Switch.
So, there you go.
Shovel Knight.
Like I wasn't going to eventually do this anyway.
I know, but...
Really?
I remember I backed this Kickstarter.
Same.
I know.
Totally did.
All right.
Shovel Knight is your classic game of the week.
Like it or not, because of the age.
I think most of you will like it, but maybe not because you realize that you are also 10 years older since this game came out.
But you know what?
What?
we got to experience a lot of cool shit we have we have I mean we also got to experience some shit shit but you know still yeah the planet earth is four billion years old but you exist at the same time that Dolly Parton exists never forget that it's important Dolly Parton is a fucking treasure all right um Bobby Blago says it's amazing that you backed a kickstarter so early that it was able to come out in time to be a classic game in 2024 I know right
I'm also like, Kickstarter's that old at this point?
Yeah, yeah, I guess it is.
Oh boy.
Alright, let's check out some other headlines real quick in a segment we call Rapid Fire News.
Loki.
Alright, so we have the TimeSplitters PlayStation 2 trilogy coming to PlayStation Plus this next week.
So that'd be TimeSplitters, TimeSplitters 2, and TimeSplitters Future Perfect.
And then along with that, also The Witcher 3 and Ride 5 are going to be available on PlayStation Plus Extra and Premium.
That's right, they have tiers.
I'm glad I don't have to worry about that anymore.
I have tears paying for stuff.
Anyways, other things.
So we've got also these Retro Realms arcade games.
They're being put together by Boss Team Games and WayForward.
They're working on two horror kind of 16-bit games, one based off of Halloween and the other one based off of Evil Dead, which kind of...
DarkSakura
So, I don't know if I should facepalm at this, but it does sound like this article is saying they scraped the bottom of the barrel for movie adaptations.
But Eternal Champions!
Eternal Champions!
Remember?
Barely.
It's getting a movie treatment.
Um...
it is uh i'm trying to see who it was that was going to be doing this out um so yeah it i i don't know how i feel about this but um i just hope that somebody gets shoved off a building that's all i'm gonna say you know the stage they had the stage uh kills what they call them
I don't remember what they were called.
That era of the mid-90s fighting game, or late 90s, you always had to have some type of finish thing.
Interesting, Tigerclaw says it's being written by the screenwriter of the Jurassic World movies.
Yeah, well those aren't that good either, so, you know.
Overkills.
Overkills and sudden deaths.
Yeah, I'm with DarkTetsuya who says, I'm about the same place I usually am for these.
Show me a trailer and I'll decide where I am with it.
Yep.
Do you want to know how I got my last copy of Eternal Champions?
And yes, I've got a few.
How?
Buying an activator at Virgin.
Oh, wow.
Not too long after I moved out here.
Wow.
How is that?
And that Virgin megastore became Urban Outfitters is now a party city.
I thought it was the Barnes and Noble now.
No, that's the place next door.
Okay.
Yeah.
But it's the same area.
Yeah.
Yeah.
But that is the, yeah.
Wow.
And I remember being new out here and going, oh my gosh, this place actually exists.
Yeah.
Oh my god, Virgin Megastore.
I remember the one in San Francisco we would go to to get like import albums and shit.
Like it's the only place you get like Kylie Minogue import B-sides.
Yeah, amazing.
I bought Dan's first Christmas present at that Virgin.
Really?
And you know what I bought him?
What was that?
The Last Action Hero on Laserdisc.
Nice, nice.
Alright, well, hey, while we're talking about a trip down memory lane, maybe some of you are going to be into the Sunsoft Retro Game Collection.
It is getting a local release on the Switch.
It was originally going to only be for the PlayStation 5, but now it's going to be a digital version on the Switch as well, coming out on the 6th of September.
And it's going to have three games in it, which is Firework Thrower, Kantaros, 53 Stations of the Toad,
to Kaido is one of them.
The Wing of Mandula is another one.
And Ripple Island is the third game.
Now, I don't know if any of these were really released in the US.
I think a lot of these are Japanese games, but they are also, you know, for example, the director of The Wing of Mandula was also the director of Blaster Master, which was another big Sunsoft release at some point.
So
I'm sure some of you that are into your more obscure and lesser known 8-bit era titles will be very excited about this or it's a chance to discover something brand new.
Alright, well let's travel around the world and check out what is coming out a little sooner than that this week in World Release Dates.
Loki.
Not a lot, but we got some big things.
So starting off with Black Myth Wukong on PC and PlayStation 5.
That's kind of a big one.
Yeah, it is a pretty big one.
Dustborn on PC and PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, Xbox One, and Xbox Series.
StumbleGuys on Nintendo Switch.
Is that like a ripoff of Fall Guys?
Sounds like it.
Mika and Witches Mountain on PC and Nintendo Switch Concord on PC and Playstation 5 and then Harvest Moon Home Sweet Home on iOS and Android That's it
All right.
Well, going to Japan, you know, last week we had no releases.
And honestly, folks, this week is not exactly picking up very well.
But we do have at least one release on the Nintendo Switch.
We have the NT Creates Gold Archive Collection.
It's a multi-pack that includes Mighty Gunvolt and Mighty Gunvolt Burst.
And hey, DarkSakura, you can get a puzzle game called Puzz Mix, where you mix it up with songs and puzzles.
Yay!
Yay!
Dustborn is getting a deluxe edition that's out in Japan this week as well I don't know why the regular edition maybe it's a digital only type of thing but yeah Dustborn is also getting a collector's edition in Japan this week otherwise kind of slow so we'll go to DarkSakura in the UK well and also looking at my calendar checking all this out it made me remember that I was supposed to do my marathon next weekend and not this weekend
Don't let me plan anything when I'm sick, okay?
Anyway, on the 20th, that is for PlayStation and Xbox, we have Dustborn Deluxe Edition.
22nd for the same two, Tiebreak, official game of the ATP and WTA.
Yes, that is tennis.
On the 23rd for Switch, Disney Magical World 2 Enchanted Edition.
Also for the Switch on the same day is Turbo Boost Racing Kit.
Interesting.
I think that's a peripheral thing.
We have Trek Winter Wonderland.
And also on the 23rd, we have Concord for PlayStation.
All right.
We have just a couple more stories for you, and then we will get to the listener roundtable where we will take any calls over on our Discord server, which I encourage you to join to talk to us throughout the week over at vognetwork.com.
That's vognetwork.com slash Discord.
We'll also get to any emails.
Participate at orangezonsradio.com.
Although when I last looked, I think it's just a lot of pet pictures.
People are actually responding to your call for pet pictures, which is nice.
I got an email.
Okay, so at least we have one of those to read.
But until we get there, we got a couple stories.
I can always still use more pet pictures, though.
That's true.
You can never have enough pet pictures.
Loki.
Yeah, so I know when we heard about the announcement of this game a while back, I was mildly interested in it being that it is a VR version of Grand Theft Auto San Andreas, which arguably is very old at this point.
It doesn't really feel like a good candidate for VR, but...
I won't have to worry about that because now Grand Theft Auto San Andreas for the MetaQuest VR is on hold indefinitely while they focus on other projects.
And they say they look forward to working with their friends at Rockstar Games in the future.
Yeah, I mean, I'm not surprised.
I would not be surprised if this is cancelled.
Isn't that video game news for Not Gonna Fucking Happen?
I mean, it's like they're probably, if you think about it, they're they're like, okay, well the development time that we would need to convert this over to VR and put it onto the MetaQuest which, you know what are the real sales gonna be there versus eh, let's just put those devs on Grand Theft Auto 6, which is gonna make us billions of dollars I think the answer's pretty easy yep, yep
go make GTA 6 happen as fast as possible which will still be a process like honestly even if it did come out on the MetaQuest I can't imagine it would be good and I can't imagine that that would be like a system seller game for that platform like if it was Grand Theft Auto 5 VR okay we're talking there now and that's a thing that like people modded on the PC but like
Yeah, the Quest VR can't handle that.
That's why they're doing San Andreas.
Yeah.
Rockstar Games can't handle updating San Andreas either because they outsource it to cheap companies that do a terrible job of it and then they have to catch all the stuff in the future.
Yeah, I'm good.
We don't need a VR port of it.
Alright, well, one more story for y'all tonight that has to do with Gamescom, and this is admittedly very much a non-story story, but of course with Opening Night Live on the way, which as you know is one of the semi-annual events,
Entries in the Keelyverse, along with what we have, the Video Game Awards, right?
And then the Summer Game Fest would be the other two entries.
So he has a winter one, he has a late summer one, he has an early summer one.
I would say if he gets a spring one, then he'd have a very, very full year there.
But yes, opening night live is happening.
And yes, just in case you were unaware...
It is confirmed from Jeff Keighley himself, the Doritos Pope, yes, there will be new game announcements.
Oh my god.
This is an addition to existing announcements that we know are coming like Monster Hunter Wilds, Civ 7, Call of Duty Black Ops 6.
There will be some new games announced as well.
So something to consider.
Sega has said they will be showing off Sonic X Shadow Generations, but there's also an unannounced project they will be showing as well.
Hmm.
Fantasy Star Online 3
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, Loki, VOG Network, DJ Ranma S, Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
DarkSakura, Luke, Carameldansen
DarkSakura, DarkSakura.com
All right, well, the email is one and it... Why are you doing this to me?
Okay, there we go.
Okay, well, it's only one very quick email and it comes from Brad, PodCulture.
Hello, Brad.
I want a new Bioshock game.
Oh, because you asked when, okay, remember when I spilled coffee everywhere and you were filling time?
You said email us what game you want to see, a sequel to it.
Yeah, you know I forget what I do.
Brad gets a gold star for actually answering and saying he wants a new Bioshock game.
Congratulations, you actually followed the instructions and got the assignment done.
Congratulations.
Mazel tov.
Um...
And by the way, the coffee did not leave that bad of a stain.
I was very happy with that.
Okay.
Adventures in Homeownership!
I think you will get your Bioshock game if the rumors are to be believed.
Perhaps.
Could it be something we see at Gamescom?
I don't think I'd head my bets on it.
I think that's the type of thing you'd see in a PlayStation or Microsoft Direct.
But never say ever.
But if rumors are to be believed...
Yeah, yeah.
Judas was the name of that.
I should know that because it's a Lady Gaga single, but yes, it's Judas.
Rob.
What?
I'm just a holy fool, but baby, it's a Judas.
I still think Shies is a better song.
It wasn't a single, though.
It didn't have a video.
All right.
Loki, do we have any last minute stories coming in?
We do.
We have some fun stuff.
So let's start off with...
So tomorrow, we're going to be getting a Nintendo Direct.
It's the Nintendo Museum Direct.
No game announcements, nothing about the new Switch stuff.
It's all about the Nintendo Museum that is opening in Kyoto, Japan this fall.
And by the way, I don't think people should be too quick to write this off.
Like, yeah, understand the expectation.
There are no game announcements.
I'm not talking about that.
What I'm talking about is, what are we critical about with Nintendo all the time?
Game preservation.
Nintendo is now opening a fucking museum.
So I am curious from that standpoint to see what are they doing?
Are they going to have some games playable here?
I've got a Nintendo game for them that they can put in.
It belongs in the museum.
They'll put it in the bathroom.
They'll put it in the bathroom where it belongs.
I mean, it is in a museum already.
It's just, it will be in, I can put it in multiple museums.
So, so anyway, as far as like, what is Nintendo doing as far as game preservation goes?
Well, here's your chance to find out.
So that's all I'm saying is that, yeah, again, you're not going to see, and again, that doesn't mean more game releases.
No, that's not what this direct is about.
Stay in the right lane for this.
But I'm curious.
I bet it sounds like it's going to be the type of place where we want to go.
You know, there's that.
And don't forget, we had that news a few months ago that Nintendo's coming to Union Square.
So Nintendo's going to be on both coasts.
And I find, obviously, as somebody who lives a lot closer to San Francisco than New York City, I'm very, very curious what that's going to look like.
I'm very excited about that.
You know, there are more than two coasts.
There are, but I don't see them opening a Nintendo store in New Orleans anytime soon or Tallahassee or something along the Gulf Coast or I guess there really isn't a North Coast.
Well, I guess the Great Lakes maybe.
Chicago could get a store.
Yeah, Chicago could get a store.
I think Chicago gets the store before Tallahassee.
Well, no one goes to Tallahassee anyway unless they're like NASCAR.
So, and then the next bit of news I have is not shocking after its immediate failure in the box office.
Borderlands is coming to digital platforms August 30th.
That's fast!
And keep in mind, not necessarily the purchase, but, you know, I'm assuming another couple weeks after that and they'll be free, right?
Yeah.
Well, it's still not going to make any money if you have to pay $30 to rent it.
So yeah, I would say it's probably a very brief amount of time before it's on Max or Paramount Plus or one of those whatever.
What studio made, I don't even know, what studio made that movie?
Because that'll tell you what streaming service is coming to, that's all.
I don't know.
Let's see here.
It is...
Oh, Legendary Pictures.
I think most of their stuff goes to Max, but I could be wrong.
Yeah, that's Warner Brothers.
So.
Okay.
Yeah.
Yeesh.
Yeesh.
All right.
Way to flop.
Any other stories for us, Loki?
Bully's been rated for PlayStation 5, Xbox Series, PlayStation 4 and Xbox One and PC in Taiwan.
Interesting.
Maybe it's coming back.
Oh, maybe that's a Gamescom thing.
Maybe.
Maybe Rockstar is like, we need something to keep the lights on until Grand Theft Auto 6 comes out.
Because as if Grand Theft Auto Online wasn't making them enough.
We need something to keep, it's a Bully, a redo of that.
Or maybe they're going to do a new game.
I wouldn't give this one no, because this one is the Canis Canem edition which came out a while back, so it's not a new one I could see them doing a remaster or port or something like that maybe
All right.
Well, with that, it's time to wrap up the show and get on out of here for the night.
But we will be back next week.
We're going to talk about whatever happens at Gamescom this week.
It could be very interesting.
So stay tuned.
We'll be back in seven days to talk all about that before we are off for the Labor Day holiday.
So we'll have a fun show next week.
I hope you're here in seven days to do it all over again.
If you enjoyed what you heard here at Orange Launch Radio, please tell a friend or two about the show.
Help us spread the word because we are the show where every gamer has a voice, but we need more voices to put out on air.
So tell a friend or two or five a nice five-star review on a site like iTunes, YouTube, Spotify, wherever it is you found this show.
That goes an awful long way as well, so we really appreciate all of that.
Let's get final thoughts.
We'll start with DarkSakura, who I am assuming is going to be off into the Dead by Delight adventures.
I am not this time.
I'm going to play Palia.
Okay, okay.
Just because...
You know, I wore myself out yesterday, and I can't believe I'm so stupid.
I have it on my calendar that it was supposed to be on the 24th, and instead I did it yesterday.
So, you know what that means?
You could do it all over again.
Peace!
Bye!
Well, Loki, that brings me over to you.
What's your final thought for us tonight?
Hopefully I'll have another episode out on this week at some point.
Then I'll work on editing that down.
I've already got it filmed and built and I just have to edit it.
And my final thought is I don't really have much of one tonight.
I hope everybody has a great week.
I'm very excited for DragonCon on the horizon.
And just very thankful it's going to be an awesome, awesome year.
I mean, it's always an awesome year, but it's going to be an extra awesome year.
So with that, we'll see you in seven days, everybody.
Good night.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
See you next week.
