Revisiting Duke Nukem 3D with developer commentary and even a fifth episode, in addition to the fourth episode I hadn't played until then, in the 20th anniversary edition was really cool.
And now, mine and so many others first shooter love, Doom, is getting similar treatment.
Yet another Doom compendium, including Doom 2, a new episode, and so much more, is whetting our appetites even before the Dark Ages itself.
This is how we rip and tear.
Now it's time for your hosts, Rob Roberts, Jamie Summers, and Loki to tell me about their story, and there's the week's gaming news.
Starting right now on the show, where every gamer has a voice.
Hello, my friends out there on the internet.
Welcome back to another week of the show where every gamer has a voice.
It is Orange Lounge Radio Live.
Once again, August the 11th of 2024 with episode number 1013 of our show.
Rob Roberts, Jason,
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Alright, I can use some more coffee.
I don't see how any week could be as good as a week where you went to California Extreme, but meh, you know, we move on.
We move on with our lives.
I'll actually have a really good week coming up.
Oh yeah?
What are you doing this week?
TwitchCon!
I was going to say, your next big convention is probably going to be TwitchCon, huh?
Frozen 3
I didn't even watch two.
It also has the distinction of being in Florida.
Not that I have a problem with Florida in general, but humidity is garbola.
We have listeners in Florida and the problem isn't you.
The problem is that I grew up on the Gulf Coast and no thank you Hey Loki, how are you doing?
I'm doing pretty good.
So would it be Florida?
That's what sounds like your third day at Disney World.
Florida.
Let's see.
S2100 Matt says, Loki is playing that roller coaster meme Rob and I like.
Yes.
One of my favorite YouTube videos of the Rihanna song that transitions into the Adele song when the coaster crashes.
It makes me laugh every single time.
Every single time.
Is that why you're doing Planet Coaster tonight?
Or is this like a D23 wink and nod?
No, it's because I'm working on roller coaster rides in my Minecraft stuff, and I don't know.
I couldn't think of anything else to put in there, because I don't play any other games.
Well, yeah, not so much Planet Coaster, but yeah, I've got footage I took of the Santa Cruz Beach Boardwalk and stuff like that.
Bobby Blackwolf in our chat because we do tape live every Sunday night at the Voice of Geeks Network twitch.tv slash VOG Network nine o'clock eastern six o'clock pacific right after the Bobby Blackwolf show and sometimes Bobby hangs out in our chat after and he says Broccoli Farm in Planet Coaster.
You know the week you weren't here Loki when you were sick and I was playing No Man's Sky I don't know if you know but we named our default planet Broccoli Farm.
after taking suggestions from chat.
Yes, we named the planet Broccoli Farm.
So there you go.
It's the best place on Earth.
The happiest place on Earth.
Perfect.
All right.
I have seen like I've seen the YouTube videos or whatever of likes.
This is not the only person that's like pulled that kind of joke on somebody.
This is like a smaller kid.
And that kid was very disappointed that he did not go to a broccoli farm.
Really wanted to go to a broccoli farm.
As far as makes me go ahead.
Think of the deep thoughts by Jack Handy.
I tell my friend, Disneyland burned down.
He cried and cried.
And then we decided to just go home.
So good, so good.
Yeah, Bobby says, I think one of the animals looked like broccoli.
Yes, that's how that whole thing started, is there was an animal like broccoli.
But I was going to say, as far as broccoli goes, honestly, there's lots of vegetables out there and broccoli's
actually one of my favorites like absolute favorite vegetables like to put in a salad or as a side like if usually if I get like a vegetable medley or you know how like you go to a diner and like the the side food is like vegetable mix spring mix or whatever like I usually pick out the broccoli first broccoli especially when you put butter salt or um the best is the old spaghetti factory mazithra stuff on the broccoli which at that point isn't really healthy who cares it's broccoli it's pretty good
I mean, like, I don't know.
We're usually mixing it with mac and cheese, so.
There you go.
You got to get the greens in somewhere.
And there you go.
We've now contractually fulfilled our obligation for Orange Lunch Foodio.
Thank you.
We can reset the counter now.
That's right.
Days without a food tangent.
Zero.
Look, here's the thing.
Yes, we're a video gaming podcast.
Before we get into the news, we actually have a breaking story to start us off tonight that broke just an hour ago before we went live.
This is a very, this is a, and we commented on this last week and probably the week before, this is an uncharacteristically slow news period.
And I'm not sure what's to blame for that.
You know, Bobby has thrown out a theory on his show about how there's less news outlets because of all the shitty things going on.
Like, you know, we're talking about Game Informer last week and all these other things.
Gamescom is right around the corner too though so that's true too and without an E3 Gamescom is kind of now I think where we're going to get some investments like we know we have Civ 7 is going to be a thing at Gamescom I also would argue I mean not to I think I do think Bobby is right to a point like I do think that is a part of it so this isn't to disagree with him I think it's multiple factors I think the other factor that maybe we're neglecting is the Olympics because
And I know that like, whatever, it's the Olympics.
It's not video games.
But the Olympics tends to monopolize entertainment media and entertainment reporting for the two weeks it's on.
Obviously not completely.
There's a lot of other things in the world to be talking about.
Like we could be talking about how awesome the Borderlands movie did at the box office.
But actually, this is not a good weekend to release movies either because the Olympics.
So I think the Olympics might play into that a little bit as well.
So it's just a weird period.
So yeah, to be honest, we don't have a lot of gaming news tonight.
There's some, and we'll get into it, but a food tangent is how we're going to fill the time tonight.
And we're encouraging listeners to eat broccoli.
I mean, what other gaming podcast out there encourages such health of their listeners?
Unless you're hyper-Orthodox, I will say, just because there are reasons that broccoli tops are frowned upon in Orthodox communities.
I'm not going to force you to eat anything.
What I want is, like, I want carrots.
Carrots are also good.
I've surely I've told the story on this show about how my mom had to take me to the hospital because my face started turning orange when I was young because I ate too many carrots.
Okay, Susan Day.
Right?
That literally happened to me.
I can't.
I ate too many carrots.
It's like the only vegetable I'd eat as a kid.
I've decided that putting shredded carrot or very finely diced carrot in my chicken salad is amazing.
PodCulture in chat says, raw carrots are awesome, cooked carrots are nasty.
100% agree.
100% agree.
You know what?
There are some ways to cook carrots that are really good roasted, blanched.
I'll give you that.
Okay, roasted, yeah.
Steam, like very steamed, while they're still a little firm, but it brings out that extra sweetness.
Pan fried where you caramelize them.
Yeah, butter and brown sugar.
Yes, make them completely unhealthy.
That actually just ruined it.
No.
And carrot cake, the best way.
Okay, all right.
On that note, no more food.
Okay, let's talk about what's going on in the gaming industry.
We're going to start off with some breaking news.
This just happened just before the show, during Bobby's show actually, is that Tango Gameworks, which of course was an Xbox studio that got closed,
Tango Gameworks Tango Gameworks
Tango Gameworks Tango Gameworks
Tango Gameworks Acclaimed IP Hi-Fi Rush
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
hopefully most of the folks that worked on the game you know some had to resign before the game even came out but most of the folks that worked on the game will essentially be saved and a sequel at this point is all but guaranteed eventually pretty cool
So, very happy with that.
Also guaranteed probably some kind of collaboration of the IP with PlayerUnknown's Battlegrounds.
Now, I get that PUBG is not Fortnite, so we're not going to get cartoony things, but maybe a t-shirt, maybe a weapon inspired by something.
The last relevance PUBG ever had in my life was when I was considering getting that Dwight cosmetic for DBD.
Oh, I forgot DBD even did a crossover with that game.
That's funny.
Yeah, PUBG definitely seemed to fade to the background once Fortnite Battle Royale really kind of took over.
And I think, you know, being on mobile devices and tablets and all those places really kind of helped Fortnite.
So, yeah.
And PUBG is kind of more realistic.
So I think kids get more into Fortnite and parents aren't as, you know, weirded out with it.
So, you know, there's a variety of reasons.
But yeah, PUBG definitely hasn't been on my radar for some time.
But maybe that's...
Part of why we do strategical acquisitions to try to get back on the radar.
We'll see.
So more to come on this.
Again, this news is breaking during tonight's show, so we'll probably hear more throughout the week.
Let's move into what was originally going to be our kickoff topic tonight.
Loki, I'll turn it over to you because this is a game that your kids have subjected you to.
And so I'm very curious about your take on this.
I mean, it's nothing unheard of that we've heard many times already from Roblox.
Obviously, the consensus is that Roblox has some kind of predatory stuff with everything pretty much in Roblox, from the way it's monetized to the whole creator program and how they don't really pay out their creators, or at least they make you go through a bunch of hoops.
So essentially they're saying that because of all of this stuff, Turkey is banning the game right now due to possible child exploitation.
Although Roblox is apparently working with the country to try to bring the game back into that territory.
They said that due to content that could lead to the exploitation of children, they have banned the game in the country.
And this is coming from Turkey's Minister of Justice.
So yeah, I mean that's... Some of the comments made by...
their CEO too is just like yeah yeah like what was it like Stefano Corazza we talked about this before where it's like so I can be like a 15 year old in living in Indonesia living in a slum and then now with just a laptop I can create something make money and sustain my life okay that's not realistic but sure you can just paint that like how you're doing all this good but
No, you're not.
We don't trust corporations here on, you know, the internet.
So, sorry, just don't believe you.
Interesting.
I mean, I don't know enough about Roblox to know like what is going on.
I just know like, like, Loki, correct me if I'm wrong, like kids are able to build things in the ecosystem, right?
This would be like when you and I were 15.
And we were playing ZZT.
Essentially, this would be like if we could sell the things we were making in ZZT at 15 years old to a wider audience.
But essentially, we were well, we would have been getting paid in gift cards.
for the most part, right?
Well, I mean, yeah, they've got it where you can cash out, but it's like every step of the way, it's kind of like going through the GameStop trade-in process.
So it's like, okay...
You have a game.
They'll buy it off of you for whatever the used price is.
So there's a drop in the cost of that.
So Madden 22, they'll buy for 50 cents at this point.
For 50 cents, yeah.
But then if you want cash, then that's going to be another 30% off.
A nickel.
then there's the conversion fees and the platform fees and stuff like that and then there's even more percentage off and then it's like oh well then now I need to change these Roblox or Robux into cash and it's like even more of a percentage off so you have to in order to get paid out you have to make like three to six times the amount of money that's the minimum for that payout because of all that stuff but
yeah so that could be a little bit predatory plus you know just the monetization that's in these games it's it's all over the place because it's kids making the well and corporations and then they try to also like get you to buy like movie tickets and stuff like that through this and they have the whole um Beetlejuice experience which is funny because like I think a lot of the people playing Roblox I mean aside from like really little kids are probably just like
I can smell this average gaming from a mile away.
They probably don't have that emotional connection to the original either because that original is what, like 30 years old at this point?
No, more.
God, it was a late 80s movie, like 35 years old at this point probably.
I mean, they're just bringing back these old franchises which, you know, certain people will find nostalgic but those people that would find it nostalgic aren't playing Roblox.
Yes.
Yeah, Roblox hasn't really broken through with the gamers above the age of 18, it seems.
No, not really, I don't think.
But that could change, you never know, because you may have kids that grow up on that.
I was going to say, as kids get older, yeah, of course.
So it's hard to say.
But yeah, certainly, I know my oldest son is kind of growing out of it a little bit, but he still plays stuff.
Depends on what his friends want to play.
Hmm.
Interesting.
He's been he's been he had me put my Xbox Series X in his room and he's been playing through Red Dead Redemption 2.
So, you know, kind of beat that before summer breaks over.
I'm surprised summer break isn't already over.
Some kids are already going back to school.
My youngest goes back tomorrow.
He starts high school on Thursday.
What?
Your youngest starts high school or your oldest?
I was going to say your youngest is not high school.
Your oldest starts high school.
Oh my gosh.
Wow.
I don't know how to feel about that.
We all should feel old.
Oh my gosh.
So that's class of 2028 then?
I think so, yeah.
Wow.
Alright, as we all slowly get older, let's take a moment to reflect on the last week and talk about how was your gaming week and the types of video games we've been playing this week.
DarkSakura, how was your gaming week?
I played a lot of stuff actually, come to think of it.
I'm addicted to one of those Suica games called Fruit Salad.
You know, the fruit combining game?
Yes, I think Alan is playing the same one.
I have another one that's called My Suica on my phone, so I have one to go with me.
I've also been playing a Mahjong game on the go.
I've been playing, of course, Dead by Daylight.
They've extended the 2v8 play, which is what I will be doing tonight while it lasts.
You know, be fun to have people join.
I definitely played a bunch of Baldur's Gate 3 or else I've been calling it Vampire Spawn Dating Sim I put a lot of effort in over the last few days I'm still kind of taking it slow I pick it up when I'm in the mood for it Also, Cult of the Lamb has new DLC coming out so I'm going to be playing that coming up in a couple days
God, there's other stuff on my list.
Stuff I know is playing Polya.
That's kind of like my chill laid-back game.
I also beat the original Japanese PlayStation release for Dracula X Nocturne in the Moonlight, also known over here as Symphony of the Night.
I was playing an English translation patch.
I don't know what it is, but the PlayStation version seems a little slightly harder than the Saturn version.
Excuse me.
And I'm getting over a sinus infection.
I'm on the tail end.
At least it wasn't COVID.
Also, oh gosh, I know I played some other stuff.
I opened Fortnite for a half second and then closed it again.
you know sort of like ah no better not um gosh I know that there was a couple other things that I was playing but I kind of can't be bothered to think of what it was oh yeah and Avatar um my new DLC is out so kind of playing a little bit of that here and there nice okay all right well we'll go over to Loki how was your gaming week
um it's been mostly just editing um and working on just the theme park stuff so I finished my first attraction which I should have a video I hear very soon um as I finish editing that so I made a dropper ride and that was fun kind of like drop zone and um
and I have a crazy mouse that's going to be, or wild mouse that's in the next episode.
So I'm just slowly working through theme park stuff.
That's fine.
What else happened this week?
Oh, I put a short out for the Roscomber Build-by-Build event.
So I had that with all the judges' comments that they made.
And gosh, what else?
I don't know.
More behind-the-scenes stuff, I'm sure.
Um,
The Dragon Fight, and the Frigid SMP thing, which I still have to edit that stuff, too.
There's so much.
Oh, and I did an interview with Inside MCC Live Show again.
So they did an interview about a year ago for MCC Rising 2, and they used a follow-up, where are they now type of thing.
So I did that today.
Oh, that's fun.
That was fun.
Oh, good.
That's it.
Awesome.
My game of the week.
You know I love me some Final Fantasy XIV, so I played a little bit of that, of course.
What else is new?
I finally almost have my second battle job, because I have a botanist and alchemist at level 100, along with Sage.
But my second job, Astrologian, is almost 100.
And then I'm going to probably... I need to finish off Bard.
I really want to get into tanking.
I think I'm ready to do that.
So I'm going to polish off Gunbreaker and do that one next.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
This had nothing to do with Shane's influence because he loves Pokemon.
He always tries to get me to play it.
He actually had nothing to do with this.
It was one of those things.
Actually, I would say it was me playing Nintendo World Championship on the Switch when that came out.
It kind of made me realize, I was like, I really...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
I used Sprigatito as my starter, and I think I got like two, two, two.
I think I did two of everything, and that was about as far as I got.
The second time I played, I didn't get very far at all.
I did like the intro and maybe a little bit past that with Quaxley, and that was about as far as I got.
So now I'm on my third playthrough, and yes, this time I said, all right, it's Fuecoco's time to shine because I tried the other two and didn't...
Voicoco is my starter this time.
Shane said that surprised him the most.
He thought I'd go back to Spriggetito.
I'm like, no.
Logically, I've got to use the one I haven't used yet.
Voicoco has been my starter this time.
I am two star bases away.
Three Titans and three gyms, I think, at this point.
So I'm a little further and really probably going to finish my fourth gym after the show tonight is where I'm at.
So that's been, yeah, that's been pretty fun.
PodCulture in chat says, Weed Kitty for the win.
Oh, yeah.
Sprigatito is still my fave because, you know, cats.
But I will say, Fuey Coco is actually a really...
like powerful starter because there's a lot of stuff at the beginning of the game where fire comes in very handy.
So I've been building out a pretty good party.
I think the party I've been using right now is, let's see if I can remember, Crocolore, right?
The evolution.
Mudbray, the horse ground type, very powerful.
I subbed that one in for a jump pluff I was using.
I'm going to fuck up some of these names, sorry.
I'm not...
Tinkertuff Tinkertuff
Sinisty, Sinisty, the little teacup, like I'm playing with something from Beauty and the Beast, one of the singing teacups.
I love that.
I've been doing that one.
And then I can't remember my six Pokemon type.
I can't remember the six one.
Oh, uh,
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
from before, just because having a ground party member made a lot of sense.
And I just caught a Bramble, which is a ghost grass type, so I might sub out my Sinistee for that.
As much as I love the teacup, like I just love that Pokemon, it's so funny, it might make more topping sense, or it might make more sense as type, typing, coming out on top of the typing to do Bramble instead, or whatever that Pokemon's name is.
So...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
that some of the celebrities from the Lord of the Rings trilogy are going to be at DragonCon.
Elijah Wood is going to be there.
Dominic Monaghan is going to be there.
Billy Boyd.
So there's lots of... The list for this year's DragonCon is pretty damn amazing.
Check out DragonCon.org if you haven't seen it yet and I hope to see you there Labor Day weekend for sure.
All right, let's move on into some gaming news.
Let's go over to Loki with our first headline tonight.
Yeah, so not a huge surprise, but of course, with the whole Borderlands movie coming out, a lot of folks are asking Randy Pitchford in part of different interviews promoting the movie.
Hey, are you working on another Borderlands game?
And of course...
Yes, they are obviously working on another Borderlands game.
They said that there are multiple projects in development thanks to a leadership cluster which drives a project from cradle to grave.
Okay, that...
What's that mean exactly?
So with this approach, we're able to spin up multiple things, including a new Brothers in Arms game, which has been in development for a while.
But we're not ready to talk about it.
Also, we're working on every IP.
I mean, we just launched Homeworld 3, and there's still work going on there.
And there's Risk of Rain, and there's Duke Nukem, and there's more.
They're making another Duke Nukem game?
okay how brave I'm sure I mean we're far enough away from Duke Nukem Forever where I think the the the franchise deserves another shot yeah yeah I think if you reboot it and you can get like some of those people that were making those new um oh gosh basically kind of like uh the whole
and some of the other games that are using the build engine but kind of making it a little bit more modern I think would be really cool to see like a new build version of Duke Nukem just keep it like kind of retro like that but eh check it out but eh
Yeah.
Duke Nukem Forever is really bad.
It is really bad.
Some game franchises have a stinker amongst them.
It happens.
So we'll see.
We'll give it a chance when it comes out.
But as far as Borderlands goes, it's nice that the franchise is getting some good news this week because the movie hoofed
Fuck good.
I didn't see the movie.
Full disclosure.
I did not see the movie.
But I have friends that went and saw and none of them had anything nice to say about it.
And like these are friends that can appreciate like a bad movie like Showgirls bad.
Not hearing good things about Borderlands.
And apparently, you know what?
If you want to say I'm full of shit, that's fine too because the box office receipts not looking good.
I think it made what?
8 million?
Yeah, somewhere between 8 and 9 million this weekend on a $120 budget. $115,000.
or $150 million budget.
That I didn't even know it was coming out.
Well, number one, why do you put a big movie out during the Olympics?
You know, like again, I mean, I know not everybody watches the Olympics, but enough people do where it's going to that's going to bite into it a little bit.
But it's just I'm just surprised.
And don't forget the big, the big, big, big, big one.
Hmm.
Deadpool and Wolverine.
Hello.
It's not going to compete.
Well, that's true, too.
That movie is doing really good business and has really good word of mouth.
And you know what?
The biggest R-rated movie yet, right?
Because I think I heard it made more money than The Passion of the Christ, which up until date was the biggest R-rated movie.
Instead, we have Marvel Jesus.
But I'm not going to spoil.
No spoilers.
so yeah so there's that uh E3VL in chat points out Alien Romulus next week yeah and that's now going to be after the Olympics and I think there's oh my god I think there's probably more people interested in that um so I think you guys have no idea how excited I am for Alien Romulus yeah what do you think about the you know the well I maybe I shouldn't be talking about leaks sorry but the character's been leaked for DBD as an Ellen Ripley legendary
Okay, cool.
Yeah, I didn't know.
Surprise!
I mean, I don't really... I know a few things about the movie already because I've been following alien theory.
Like, I think the main character is... I don't want to spoil what I know, though.
Okay, that's fair.
TigerClaw on chat says, I've been seeing a lot of commercials for Wicked.
That's going to get me back in a movie theater.
I couldn't tell you the last time I saw a new movie.
Of course, with the horror stuff, I see Colton horror and those type of niche movies all the time, but I don't really get out and see new movies very often.
Come with me and see Deadpool.
I will be seated for Wicked.
Do I need to see the others?
Because I've literally never seen a Deadpool movie.
I haven't seen a Marvel movie since the first Avengers movie.
Not really.
Not really.
There's some jokes, but not really.
Yeah, there's a few characters' appearances, but honestly, they're all so good.
They're all... I love them all.
They are perfect.
For someone who read Deadpool ever since he was in New Mutants back in the... What was it?
The late 90s?
Early 90s?
The olden times.
Yeah, the olden times when Liefeld actually was drawing the characters.
Oh, and the Liefeld jabs were perfect.
I'm just going to say that right now.
Can I just say I'm laughing because with Loki's green screen effect, he was reaching behind him to grab something, I don't know, like a soda or something, and it looked like he was smacking the people going into his park.
It looked like he was reaching behind and smacking the people and like, get out.
Get out of my park.
We're closed.
It's like Cartman in the theme park where he bought the theme park but only allowed himself to go on the rides.
That's great.
QuestBuster in chat says the Deadpool films are a lot of fun even if you have no idea what the comics are.
Generally, I like Ryan Reynolds a lot.
I did not like his sitcom he had on ABC years ago, the Pizza Place thing.
I did not like that show at all, but I generally think he's pretty funny.
So, yeah.
Yeah, I need to see Deadpool at some point.
I'm just your super uncool uncle that plays Final Fantasy XIV all day.
Bob.
What?
You're coming over.
Oh, I can play pinball at least.
And watch, you're coming over for a Deadpool movie a night.
All right.
Well, hopefully we can squeeze it in before DragonCon.
Otherwise, it's going to be like a month.
But yeah, we'll have to make it work.
All right.
Let's move on.
Let's get back into gaming news.
And so I mentioned earlier there was one other game I played this week, and it's something that just came out.
It is a new enhanced version of Doom and Doom 2.
So yeah, QuakeCon 2024 happened this past weekend, and usually there is something happening with Bethesda's various IPs, ZeniMax specifically.
It's been Quake the last couple of years, but Doom and Doom 2 is being re-released.
It's been spotted in a new Steam listing, but they have come out and acknowledged this.
You can also get this on the Xbox ecosystem because it's on Game Pass.
That's how I played it, actually, was PC Game Pass.
So it is now using the games running on the KEX engine.
That's an engine that was used in other re-releases that ZeniMax has done over the years.
Doom 64, Quake, and Quake 2 when they did those.
So yeah, even though they just re-released Doom and Doom 2, it feels like within this latest console era, because I know they had the version that supported mods, they are doing it again.
Here's the really cool news.
If you owned one of those older versions, you're getting it upgraded.
So you're not like, it's not like, I can't sit here and say, oh, it's a scheme to get you to buy it again.
Because the nice thing is, it is upgraded.
And it includes, if you want to play those original versions, those are there as well.
So can't bitch about that.
They're doing a lot of the right things here.
What's also really cool about it is that now they have cross-platform deathmatch up to 16 players.
There is a brand new soundtrack in the game, and I was playing, it's very loud, very metal, as it ought to be, very like Dragon Force-esque, but
It's what you'd want.
So I was very happy with that.
And then multi-threaded rendering supporting up to 4K resolution because you know Doom is the game you wallies wanted to see in 4K.
I really can't bitch.
So that's really cool.
And it actually has...
Other content.
So on the menu, when you go in and pick, you can pick original Doom, Doom 2, but you could also pick other campaigns that they've, I believe, released before.
But there's a brand new one, Legacy of Rust, which is a new episode for Doom 2.
It's actually been made by ID Software, Night Dive Studios, and Machine Games.
And they actually have new monster types in that, which is pretty cool.
So yeah, if you're a Doom fan, this release is pretty cool.
I did play it for a hot minute, and I will tell you, one thing I noticed, it runs fast.
Fast.
Like, I was playing, I don't usually get motion sick or any of that stuff playing games, but when I was playing Doom and going full speed, I had to go like, whoo, whoo, this is...
this is a lot I'm surprised I remember as many codes as I do so you know I've never tried to use some of those codes on this new version I don't see why they wouldn't work though they should I was also saying had the Wolfenstein level map 31 it was different on one of the versions I think the Game Boy Advance version was a different map but eh
Xbox had a specific map too in one of them so yeah I'm actually really amazed that I remember any of them and then there was like the secret level IDCLEV19 I think I used to love when people would make their own custom maps and that shit and I know that had to be something Loki did at some point in his life was making custom maps for either Wolfenstein or Doom Quake was the big one though I loved Quake
I did not for Doom because I could never really get Doom to run on my PC at the time.
But I did do Wolf of the Sun maps and we made Wolf of the Sun like re-textured things.
But I did do that in the build engine with Duke Nukem 3D.
We did make custom maps.
That's cool.
The one I can remember is it was a water park.
Water park, kind of.
Yeah.
It had, like, a lot of moving water, and there was a part that had a really long drop because there was a button to lower the map, and there was a raise the map, and there was no... Oh, that was the thing in Duke Nukem, too, in the map editor.
Yes.
Yeah, there was no limit, so, like, I would just put a paperweight down on the page down button or something like that, go have lunch, then come back, and then I have a five-minute drop now.
Yeah, I remember making... Which I thought it was cool at the time.
I remember making a Duke Nukem multiplayer map that started where the spawns were just a giant drop.
And you fell in the water or something, so you didn't get damaged.
So every time you respawned, you had to wait for like a 30-second drop to get back.
Back in the match, it was pretty fun.
And then at the very end, for no reason, I don't know, I just thought that was funny, but then there's a super fast elevator going up, but if you hit the elevator just wrong, you could just die from how fast it's going, it would just crush you, and try to get spiky ceilings to crush you.
That didn't really work that well, but yeah, it was fun.
I've got cartridges laying around for the SNES version and Doom 64.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Performance improvements and rumble support if you have the all new controller for it.
There is a custom chip that helps to replicate what the Super FX chip did.
So that's pretty cool.
There's a standard edition and a collector's edition.
And the collector's edition is limited.
It's only going to have, of course, 666 copies.
DarkSakura, Loki, VOG Network, DJ Ranma S, Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
So, you know, we have been talking about the games we wanted Capcom to re-release for an age, and they have a goal.
And I think it's important to all of our voices, you know?
They want to make all of their old fighting games available again.
Matsumoto Shuhei revealed that they were trying to bring everything back to modern platforms so that they could make longtime fans and newcomers feel happy about it.
All of the classics.
There was the Marvel vs. Capcom fighting collection, the Arcade Classics.
It's going to be out on PlayStation, Switch, and Steam.
that has six fighting games and an arcade brawler and then the SNK vs. Capcom SVC Chaos release that we talked about before.
But the fighting collection will be missing Ultimate Marvel vs. Capcom 3 and we won't have any Tatsunoko vs. Capcom on it.
I mean, if they really want to go all out, we need a Justice Gakuen series or as we had at Rival Schools.
We need Tatsunoko vs. Capcom.
We need Red Earth.
We need just all of them.
I'm looking forward to it.
And honestly, I do super love Marvel vs. Capcom and Marvel vs. Capcom 2.
But I don't know.
I like some of the obscure ones as well.
Hello?
Hello?
Sorry, I was talking when I was muted.
Sorry.
S200 Matt in chat says, would love some Capcom versus SNK 2.
And yes, a big, strong agree with that one as well.
Dr. Suya does, you know, level set expectations saying, I mean, we're just getting Marvel 2.
I know folks want the Rival Schools Project Justice games.
There's definitely still stuff left to do.
So.
Would love to see both of those brought up for like modern graphics, you know, give them like the Street Fighter 5 treatment, you know.
Mm-hmm.
That'd be pretty cool.
All right, let's move on to our next story, Loki.
I'm glad I'm not the only one that forgets the mute button when I'm trying to type.
Sorry.
No, we got an announcement now from Saber Interactive and Paramount Pictures that Quiet Place, the road ahead, is now launching October 17th.
Apparently, I didn't even realize the game was announced back in 2021, but it's a story-based Quiet Place game.
It looks creepy, but yeah, we'll have to see what it ends up...
If it's going to be good or not.
It's going to be coming out, PlayStation 5, Xbox Series X and S, and PC.
It's going to cost $30, which is a little bit more digestible than a AAA $70 game.
Yeah, curious to see what that looks like.
I wonder if that's going to be kind of timed for the streaming release of the new Quiet Place movie, because I think that just came out.
yes it was like a quiet place which by the way I've never seen the movies am I missing out are they good movies?
I've seen the first one they're pretty good and then yeah I think there's an actual quiet place part 3 coming too if I remember what I read right it's funny these feel more like you know how there was like a whole bunch of movies that they kept like kind of inserting into the um oh god what was that um
that found footage alien movie um oh I can't remember now um oh Cloverfield uh yeah there's remember how there's a bunch of movies that like kind of felt like uh getting shoehorned into like the Cloverfield type stuff the Quiet Place actually feels like it should be part of that universe but it's not it's kind of like it's got it's own lore so they've had like two movies already that are sequels and now they just released a prequel movie
Day 1, Day 0
I don't know.
I read a lot of internet, but I don't always remember it correctly.
And people lie on the internet, too, is a very important thing to see.
I saw on Facebook today, I saw a very well-done but fake Friends reunion trailer.
Like, they went to the extent to cut all of the actors out of other movies.
And I could tell right off the bat because I was like, oh, that's Courtney Cox in Scream.
That's a shot from the Scream movie, from Scream 5.
Like, this isn't real.
I think they used AI to put them all in a scene together where they looked like they were at a funeral for Chandler or whichever.
Yeah, Chandler was the one that passed away.
But the whole thing was super cut.
It looked like a legit presentation on Max.
But it's all a lie because the minute you kind of pick out, no, that's Scream 5, then that's it.
You know it's fake.
People lie on the internet and they go at great lengths to lie.
Mm-hmm.
Mm-hmm.
and doing them all with AI and seeing how disastrous they turn out.
Interesting.
They're hilarious.
There is a... Crap, I can't remember the name that had... Perfect Strangers.
They did a Perfect Strangers one that is actually so terrible.
All the ones they did are so terrible.
It was called Perfect Strangers and something else.
Wow.
But they're done that way on purpose and show exactly how bad generative AI is.
Now I've seen it.
It had nothing to do with AI, but I saw a different one for Perfect Strangers where they recut it to make it look like a slasher flick.
And that was funny.
I like when they recut things to make them look like the wrong genre.
I've seen them do Terrifier to look like a comedy and that type of stuff is great.
I think there was one for Hereditary that looked like a comedy too and I don't even know how they got away with that.
Did you see that one?
Because you know I love both of those movies.
Hereditary and
TigerClaw says it wasn't AI generated because one of the things I have seen are fake movie trailers that's generated by AI, trailers for movies that don't exist.
This particular thing I saw used both.
It was definitely like... And I could tell there was this scene where it looked like they were all at a funeral and the heads had been imposed.
Maybe one of them was real.
It was probably from another movie that one of them started.
But the heads were definitely superimposed.
You can just tell like that, right?
And then...
Again, it was the – but they would super cut in the actors in other movies in scenes that looked like it could play into this.
And so there were scenes of Courtney Cox from Scream 5 and probably Scream 6 where I was – but that was the giveaway for me.
I was like, oh, that's from Scream.
That's not from anything else.
So –
Anyway.
It was called, the channel, by the way, is Rocky Bergen, B-E-R-G-E-N.
It's absolutely hilarious and really terrible.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
But Game Informer is, of course, you know, had its fans And they are trying to preserve the legacy of the Game Informer magazine online Because as you know, the whole site got shut down The whole damn archives and all the articles, gone The social media, gone I mean, we went into it last week I don't need to dredge up all that Because, you know, obviously it left a bad taste in our mouth So trying to look at the good news out of this Retromags.com
I think I've seen this site before, but I'm glad I'm reminded that this is a thing because this is a lot of fun.
Retro Mags hosts community submitted scans of classic video game magazines, and they have put a huge archive of Game Informer issues live.
They have right now issue one all the way to issue 260 from December of 2014.
So that's pretty cool.
So if you want to go back and look at the legacy of Game Informer, that's a great way to do it.
Thank you to Retro Mags, who is interested in preserving gaming history when GameStop are being a bunch of fucking assholes about it.
So specifically the CEO.
Specifically the CEO.
specifically, asshole I'm wondering though if they're doing this as some sort of tax write-off purpose because Cartoon Network or Adult Swim just recently had, I think it was Cartoon Network had, when they pulled all that stuff, they also wiped the entire website of things as well so that it can't be searched anymore I'm wondering if they have to do that so they can write it off as a loss and get a tax break on it
which shouldn't be allowed anyways.
If I have all these assets and I just throw them in the trash, I shouldn't get to write that off.
And I've said this before on the show because I've said it about these movies that keep getting taxed right off, which
Borderlands probably should have been.
But here's the thing.
When companies write these off and they use it to write off their public debt, what they are using to write off their public debt then should become public property.
That's how it ought to work.
So these Game Informer magazines, it ought to become public domain at this point.
I mean, we all know it isn't going to work that way, but it should.
If the taxpayers are paying for their loss, then it should be ours.
DarkSakura DarkSakura DarkSakura
Sonic Generations, a game that is, I would say, pretty well loved.
Well, it's going to be withdrawn from sale as a standalone title.
But what's going to happen is that they are going to be including it with bundles.
especially since it's part of the Sonic X Shadow Generations game I don't like necessarily but this is what they're saying is their way of preserving the title
It's going to be part of bundles on Steam and Xbox.
And if you already own the copy, you can still download it and that the mods on the Steam version will not be affected, is what they said.
But I don't know.
And this is happening on September 9th.
We need to remember what else happened on September 9th.
uh a video game system yes that speaking of politics apparently it came out that our democratic vice presidential nominee was a dreamcast person which i think is pretty cool i mean yeah there's as if you needed another reason he's also gonna help us do our house chores if the internet is to be believed probably
I don't, yeah, Jamie, I'm kind of with you.
Something about this feels very off.
Like, I'm glad the game is continuing and is being preserved.
It does seem a little shady.
I mean, but I understand there comes a point where you're literally not selling copies of this game anymore.
And maybe it does cost more to keep the lights on, you know, and this is their way of doing it.
It just feels weird.
But are there servers?
Are there online servers for the game?
I think this was like their replacement for like an equivalent yeah yeah, I guess there is that I mean, I don't know thank god I have it in my library
It's just like gaming corporation being corporate about stuff.
It's like, at this point, it's like, of course you're going to corporate, because of course, you know, this is what you do, this is what corporations do.
They be corporating all over the place.
They be corporating all over.
But it's just...
I don't know.
I just have to assume any decision corporations make are evil.
So, you know, let's see what nefarious purpose this is meant to cause or be for.
I don't know.
SSJ100 Matt in chat says, you just have to spend $60 to buy the one game you want.
Plus, side, you get Sonic Spinball for the 12th time from various collections.
Oh my god, that's so true.
To go along with the 12 actual copies I actually own.
Yeah, to go along with your Doom 2 re-release and your Yars Revenge re-release.
Like, just add that to the list of games that you can play 5,000 different ways, right?
So, ugh.
S200 Mats is waiting for the Sonic Spinball remake.
Okay, you joke, but that should actually be a thing.
I think that should actually be a thing.
Anyway.
Alright, well, whether I like it or not, this next thing is going to be a thing.
Loki.
Yep, so apparently, like I didn't realize it was that popular, and it was popular in like Game Pass and stuff, but you may remember there was a game called High on Life by Squanch Games.
It was kind of this weird FPS thing with talking guns.
That was the Rick and Morty talking gun thing, right?
It was the Rick and Morty talking gun thing, of course, you know.
Now we have one of the game's actors, J.B.
Smooth, who is actually forming a production studio to make an animated TV show based off of the IP.
They are apparently working with, yeah, it's his alternative side productions.
And he is working along with Russell Binder and Mandy Bartisabanian and Striker Entertainment.
They're going to be serving as the producers.
Alec Robbins, the narrative director on High Life, is also working on the show.
and he says Squanch Games invited me to join them in the gaming universe and now I'm helping them move into the TV world.
It's a case of the game of game recognizing game said Jay Smoove.
Neat.
It'll be another show I don't watch.
Well, I mean, you know, especially with the connection to Rick and Morty and everything, it does kind of make sense that this would be something that would go to a TV show.
I guess maybe like I'd already forgotten about the game.
Like I noticed it when it came out, but I kind of already forgot about it.
So I guess I too was surprised the game did that well.
I guess it's better to put out a TV show a few years from when the game comes out instead of like, you know, adapting something.
20 years ago.
Ouch, true.
Okay, let's talk about this.
I think this could be an awesome collaboration.
I don't think it'll ever happen.
But of course, somebody had to ask the question and get the rumors started.
And it has to do with Digital Eclipse, which of course has been nailing a lot of recent compilations, right?
They did the Mega Man Legacy compilations, Atari 50.
They did the Ninja Turtles Cowabunga collection.
You know, they've been doing a lot of like really good stuff lately, right?
So...
The company has teamed up with Japanese companies in the past.
So could they do something with Nintendo first party sources?
This is something where there was an interview that happened with Chris Kohler from Digital Eclipse in an interview with VGC.
When asked by VGC, speaking of white gloves, presumably Nintendo isn't interested in a collaboration yet.
And the response, well, you know, historically, Other Ocean, who previously owned Digital Eclipse, did Minecraft 3DS Edition for Nintendo.
And we've done stuff for Nintendo as a company historically and in the past.
So I don't think the door is closed.
So, you know, we'll see what the future will bring.
But certainly nothing is in development at this time.
I think that's a very politically correct walking the line answer of not like killing hopes for a Nintendo collab, but making it very clear that's not on the table right now.
There was another question asked about a collaboration with like Night Dive Studios of Turok and Quake.
And in the response, he said, they're about games that are a little bit later on in terms of, whereas we're essentially about integrating emulator-based solutions into our engine.
I love you, Nintendo, but with the Nintendo Switch, it's getting on in years and it's more difficult to emulate later platforms and have them be performant on the Switch.
And so there's a little bit of a division there in terms of what we're doing.
DarkSakura, Drew, Carameldansen
It's a disaster, alright.
Yeah, you got half the words right.
Have you seen it?
Was it campy enough to you?
Like, if it's campy?
I haven't seen it, so I don't know.
I'm just asking.
Was it really camp?
But was it fashion?
There's probably a better director's cut in there somewhere.
But they, because they had to make some more alterations because of those PG-13 rules, they had a lot of heads exploding, apparently.
I would like to see a rated R cut of it.
I think, or Director's Cut would be a lot better but yeah, it's not going to be
S2100Matt also says, Digital Eclipse and Nintendo would make wonderful babies.
I'm totally down for shipping that into reality.
I would love that too, but I feel like Nintendo has done all the walks down memory lane themselves, especially when you look at things like the Nintendo World Championships that just released.
I mean, that is their version of celebrating the retro classics.
I would love to see something that takes a look at it from the angle like, you know, the Gold Master Series, you know, the making of Karateka
Jeff Minter I don't think they've announced a third one yet but I'm sure there will be one eventually I would love to see something that looks like that for Nintendo I think Nintendo fans would eat that shit up I think that I would be amazing can you imagine getting to see like development documents for a game like let's say like Metroid
Let's say the Nintendo was like Metroid and you could see like sketches of the maps or, you know, what monsters looking in the early times and really hearing about how that went through.
And I, oh my God, Nintendo fans would eat that up.
But I feel like Nintendo is never going to trust an American company to do it.
And that's just the reality of how Nintendo works.
I would love nothing more than to be proven wrong.
And I think Digital Eclipse has proven that they can do it.
Because again, those Gold Master Series games that are out right now are great.
Atari 50, although not technically Gold Master Series, is basically Gold Master Series Zero.
And that one's great too.
So, yeah.
SG100Matt says, Miyamoto presenting behind the scenes of stuff from old NES games while playing the game.
Gimme.
Right?
Like...
Please, please let these get this on film before we lose these people.
And again, I know this is horrible to talk about, but like we've already lost Iwata.
We've already lost, you know, Gunpei.
Like we've lost a lot of people already.
So, and people are not getting any younger.
Please, you know, Nintendo, please, please take the game preservation seriously.
The entire enchilada, the entirety of it.
and commit it to film.
Commit it to preservation before it's too late.
I beg you.
Okay, if you don't go with digital clips, you don't.
But at least look at what they're doing and go, shit, we ought to do something like that.
We ought to build that in-house.
Our fans would love this.
All right.
Anyway, that's my ugly begging of the week.
Speaking of the week, we have another segment of the week we'd like to get to right now.
and now it's time to travel back to a simpler time where I'll dive into the vault and pull out a classic and tell you about it.
It's time for the classic game of the week.
All right, DarkSakura, what did you pick this week for the classic game of the week?
I picked Thunder Force.
Not two, not three, which apparently I've done twice.
Not four or five.
I did the first one.
How many of you have played the original Thunder Force?
I have never, actually, although I already see similarities to other games I've played, so influence, but never the original.
Yeah, so basically the original Thunder Force was a sort of free roaming, scrolling shooter game.
and it was released by Technosoft in 1983 and it was the first of the series.
It was originally released for the X1 computer and later on for the Sharp MZ-1500, the PC-6001 Mark II and in 1985 it came out for the PC-8801 Mark II.
and in 1984 we had a release for the FM7 and PC9801 computers as Thunder Force Construction that had an add-on, had a level generator level editor and game creation system and yeah, Quest Buster the first one a lot of people played was Thunder Force 2 and aspects from this game made it into Thunder Force 2 but after 3 came out it was like Thunder Force, we don't know, huh?
so basically you have to you fly around and over these occupied areas and destroy base installations and tunnels um there's different shield generators you have to get them under the these targets that are on the ground and then you after you destroy all the shield generators then you can move on um
and then once the entire section is destroyed the Dryadizer which is like the the big enemy thing it'll vanish and then you'll move on to the next area to keep playing you are going against the Orn Empire and they are going on that fortress, the Dryadizer it moves every time and basically you're going to go blow that up and knock them out of the place you were playing the Fire Leo
it was created by Yoshimura Kotori who left Technosoft and founded Arsys Software in 1985 so this is a lady game designer in the 80s so thank you ma'am
In 1984, and I mentioned this earlier, Technosoft did a level editor, or what they were calling a game creation system, called Thunder Force Construction.
And it was also directly created by Yoshimura for the FM7 computer.
Now, what is... Why am I even going to this one?
Because...
Fair's like hardly any good version of this game.
I'm going to put it right now.
I don't enjoy it.
It's not fun.
I went and tried it.
I didn't mention it in my week, but it's hard.
I mean, not my kind of game.
But without this game, we would never have had the amazing series of shooter games that we have now with the epic music, especially Thunder Force 3.
Um...
And I mean, and don't forget the weird Super Nintendo one.
So Thunder Force 3 came out on Mega Drive and then got ported to arcade and that arcade version got ported back to the Super Famicom as Lightning Force and it's spelled Lightening.
Like, what are you going to do?
Like, you're going to bleach your hair and then color it and that's Lightning Force, I guess.
And then you're searching for your sister.
Okay.
Okay.
No, wrong lightning.
It's L-I-G-H-T-E-N-I-N-G.
I was trying to make a fantasy joke.
Okay.
Yeah.
So, I think that we have a lot to owe to with this game.
I mean, seriously, it gave us one of the best shmups ever.
Series of shmups ever.
And to think it had such a humble start.
I mean, we gotta know where our games came from.
And there you go.
Alright, Thunder Force, your classic game of the week.
And that's how it goes here sometimes.
Sometimes the game itself isn't like, oh my god, you gotta stop everything and play this game right now and remember this.
But sometimes it's, hey, without this, we wouldn't have had this.
Or this is the thing that brought us this, you know, so...
One good idea led to another.
So there you go, Thunder Force.
It was a great game.
I mean, the later ones are great.
Maybe not that one.
But the music, though.
The music in Thunder Force 3 is epic.
Yeah.
OrangeRite points out, even Street Fighter 2 had to start with Street Fighter 1.
That's a really good analogy there.
How hard can you hit that button?
Oh my gosh.
I'm sure arcade operators loved that.
OrangeRiteChat says, we started with a Busconian-like, then a Busconian-like that swaps between that and a side-scrolling shmup, and then it's just a shmup, but a really good one.
Games go on journeys sometimes.
It happens.
Alright, well we have a few quick stories for you, but the news is thinning, so we're going to get to our Lister Roundtable here in just a bit.
If you want to join us, vognetwork.com.discord, that's vognetwork.com.discord.
We'll also check our mailbag as well, participate at orangeloundtrader.com.
But first, some quick headlines.
Loki.
Ready at Dawn Studios, the game studio behind a lot of popular games, including The Order 1886 and Daxter.
They, of course, most recently were the studio behind Echo, a VR series on the MetaQuest.
And they have been shut down by Meta.
Effective immediately.
Yep.
Yeah, so apparently Meta's decision to close Radiate Don Cito's is almost a year and a half after purchasing them.
This is because, I guess, on their mid-July report, they had plans to cut their Reality Labs division budget by 20% by 2026.
So, in other words, investors need that, you know, need the line to go up, I guess.
Well, that sucks.
when does it end?
when does it end?
DarkSakura
I watched some of this on the PTB.
This was so cool.
But yeah, there are some details out for the Castlevania chapter of Dead by Daylight.
And I watched people play it.
It was pretty neat.
Your survivor is Trevor Belmont, which just strikes me as weird as having one of the Belmonts as a survivor.
But I like in the little trailer video, he sees the castle and reaches for his whip only to find that it's not there.
And then, of course, you are Dracula, who, I mean, this is...
I have a feeling it's based off of Symphony Dracula or maybe one of the re-releases.
But there's something interesting that I wanted to point out because Dan and I were talking about the chase music and how we didn't really care for it at first, but that music actually comes from the first Castlevania.
It's Nothing to Lose, which is one of the boss music.
I didn't catch that.
I have to listen again.
if you go watch Mint Skull's video about it it's like 10 fun facts about Dracula you might not know anyway but it's some good points on there and kudos to him for doing the research on that one but it's there's rumors that actually I don't know if it's a rumor anymore that one of the skins that's going to come out for Trevor will be Alucard although honestly give me Richter
Give me Richter.
Give him.
I want him.
Or maybe a Maria.
Ooh, I love that.
Or a cypher.
I gotta say though, Dracula looks insanely fun.
Like, I haven't played Killer in DBD in a while.
Dracula looks insanely fun to play because I almost feel like Dracula is like a mishmash of like four other killers in the game right now.
And he's not quite as strong as any of them, but he has like some of the best parts.
Like his Hellfire is like Pyramid Head's thing.
His...
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
It's like a...
but the the but I mean it's just great they gave all the right nods you know they they did this right from what I could tell I mean definitely there's some tweaking and balance issues um and the character designs I have to say these are some of the best we've seen um in Dead by Daylight some of the best homage I mean
I'm I'm into it.
And then, of course, there's all the voice lines like and especially like, you know, how when you're playing Wesker and he's got, you know, when it's one of the Resident Evil people in the lobby, he has certain things for them.
That he says, yeah, Dracula has that specifically for for Belmont and special Maury dialogue.
Hmm.
So it's pretty epic.
Well, that's two Konami games now in Dead by Daylight with Silent Hill and Castlevania.
Do you think we get Metal Gear Solid next where maybe Psycho Mantis is a killer?
I don't think we'll get Psycho Mantis, I think we would get Liquid Snake if anything I was just thinking that he could read your cosmetics I don't want Solid Snake in the game unless it's David Hayter
Fair call, fair call.
Just saying.
And you know he'd do it.
You know he'd do it.
Absolutely.
But I was going to say, one other DBD tidbit that came out this last week, they confirmed on the official DBD social medias that Five Nights at Freddy's is going to be a thing next year.
I have feelings about it.
I will not be buying...
the biggest fan wank request they've been getting on social media for a while they're finally caving in and doing it's going to be interesting if it's a cosmetic thing I'm not going to buy any of it I'm not going to support that DLC
Because you know what happened with the creator.
I've heard things about the creator, yeah.
So I understand why people avoid it.
I mean, and I shouldn't have put any money into the Shinjeki no Kyojin Attack on Titan chapter either.
And I regret having done so just because of what an absolute garbage person the creator is.
I don't write the news, I just report it So that is coming to Dead by Daylight next year Alright, and I've got one quick thing for you as well This has to do with Xbox Game Pass You know, Game Pass has had a lot of news lately And they're trying to add some more games to sweeten the deal So we do have some more games that are coming to Game Pass Including on August 7th, Creatures of Ava
Crash August 8th.
So these already happened.
The Crash Bandicoot Insane Trilogy came out on Xbox.
Well, that's fun.
And then this week, Mafia Definitive Edition is happening this coming week as well.
And also, if you already missed it, Call of Duty Modern Warfare 3 is also something that came out pretty recently there.
Now, it should be also pointed out, some games are leaving on August 15th, including Airborne Kingdoms.
Offworld Trading Company, Shadow Warrior 3, and this one surprises me, The Texas Chainsaw Massacre.
Alan still plays that game a lot and loves that game.
I mean, he doesn't play it through Xbox, so it doesn't matter to him, but I know that game was getting a lot of eyes at first thanks to Game Pass, and I'm sure the deal was only for a year, because it feels like it's been about a year since Texas Chainsaw came out, but...
I don't know if that's a good move for that.
I feel like that game's player base is not as big as it was, and they don't exactly have the huge license pool to pull from to get a lot of new stuff in there.
I mean, how did the Killer Clowns from Outer Space game do?
I mean...
I feel like that game had a huge splash when it came out and it immediately fell off the radar.
So I don't know.
I'd have to see how that translated to sales because, again, it doesn't matter if people aren't streaming it.
It just needs to sell copies.
But I feel like it did pretty good at first.
So we'd have to look into that.
All right.
Well, let's travel around the world and see what games are coming out this week in our World Release Date segment.
So we'll start with the U.S., Loki.
Yeah, we've got a few things.
So, Shoulders of Giants Ultimate on PlayStation 5.
We have Gui Yoda on PC and Nintendo Switch.
Green Hell on PlayStation 5 and Xbox Series.
Maseo 2024 HD Remaster on PC Sam Max The Devil's Playhouse Remastered on PC, Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4, and Xbox One Dredge the Iron Rig on PC, Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, Xbox One, and Xbox Series Farewell North on PC, Nintendo Switch, and Xbox Series
Rappeldogs, Cosmic Canines on PC, Nintendo Switch, and Xbox Series Hunt Showdown 1896 on PC, PlayStation 5, and Xbox Series Kena, The Bridge of Spirits on Xbox One and Xbox Series Phantom Spark on PC, Mac, Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, and Xbox Series
The Precinct on PC, PlayStation 5, and Xbox Series White Day 2, The Flower That Tells Lies Complete Edition Yeah, don't trust those flowers, man PlayStation 5 and Xbox Series Castaway on PC, Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, Xbox One, and Xbox Series
let's see Madden NFL 2025 on PC, PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, Xbox One and Xbox Series and Sunnyside on PlayStation 5 and Xbox Series that's it
All right, well, traveling to Japan to look at the releases this week.
There's nothing.
Nothing is coming out in Japan this week.
And it is not Golden Week.
Mountain Day is tomorrow, but I wouldn't think that would affect the gaming releases.
But for whatever reason, we have no releases in Japan this week.
So that's that.
How about the UK, DarkSakura?
a handful on the 15th for Xbox we have Kenna Bridge of Spirits Premium Edition on the 16th for PlayStation and Xbox we have EA Sports Bad and NFL 25 Yawn on the 16th for PlayStation we have Windstorm Start of a Great Friendship and White Day 2 The Flower That Tells Lies Complete and then also same day same system Sunnyside alright
Well, with that, we have reached the end of the news that we had scheduled for tonight.
So we're going to move into our listener roundtable.
We're going to check our emails, and we'll take any calls if anyone wants to call in.
But participate at orangelaunchradio.com is the place to send us emails.
DarkSakura, what do we got?
One.
And it's someone who didn't either was trying to be funny or didn't get the assignment.
So
I'll go ahead and start it.
Redertainment says, Hello, peoples.
Last Sunday, you requested that viewers send in pictures of their pets.
Now, I don't have any pets.
What I do have is a growing menagerie of stuffies.
And I am going to stop right there because that is not what I asked for.
I want real, breathing, alive creatures.
who have personality, who can communicate with you in one way or another.
And I love my stuffed animals too.
I have quite the collection.
And yours are very cute.
I see you have a Marie from Aristocats and a Yoshi and an octopus flipping people off with every tentacle.
But I'm looking for real life cats, dogs, ferrets.
Just no mollusks.
No mollusks at all.
If you have to look it up, just don't put it on there.
Crustaceans also, not included, not invited.
Birds are okay, though.
Birds are okay.
I want feathers, I want fur.
And scales.
I want lizards and snakes.
If you have a fish, a fish is okay, as long as tank mollusks don't appear in the photo at all.
It's not funny.
I have like a real legit bad phobia.
I know, but I'm just saying your laundry list is kind of amusing.
I just don't want mollusks or crustaceans.
It's easy.
All right.
Wah.
Okay.
That's it for emails then, right?
Well, if you would like to send us pretty pet pictures, as mentioned previously, participate at OrangeLoungeRadio.com is the place to do it.
Loki, checking in with you to see if there's any last minute stories tonight.
Yeah, there's been some leaks regarding what the microtransactions are going to look like for Concord.
And so, essentially, the currency packs are going to run 500 to 12,000 coins.
And then they said that character skins, on the other hand, they showed off what some of those are.
Yeah, they look dumb.
It doesn't say exactly what the prices are on these.
Hmm.
Oh, okay.
Let's see.
I mean, the skins look stupid.
Honestly.
I thought I was supposed to show the prices on that stuff.
Okay, well.
Let's wait and see.
To be determined.
Please look forward to it.
Or don't.
Alright.
well y'all I think that brings us to the end of a rather short show tonight but again the news is just a little bit off cycle and you know that's reflected too in even the game releases so it's a cruel summer when it comes to the news but things are going to be picking up again a little bit towards the coming weeks with Gamescom and all that good stuff so yeah look forward to that so now we're at the part of the show where we get everybody's final thoughts um fuck
Sorry, I've had a bad spill.
I need you guys to kill time.
Anyway, I think, though, are you going to be playing anything new coming up in the next couple of weeks?
Me?
I've considered checking out Earth Defense Force 6, but probably not anytime soon.
Um...
I don't know.
I've been playing kind of the same stuff over and over.
I need to finish off Goat Simulator 3, 100%ing that because I started the DLC on that and that should be fun.
And I know my other server mates have been playing Goat Simulator 3 as well.
I think probably...
I don't think there's anything coming out at the end of this year that looked good.
Funny enough, actually, that game Castaway I was just talking about looks kind of cool.
It's essentially Link's Awakening, but without Legend of Zelda thrown in there.
But as close to remaking that game in the same art style as possible.
So that looks kind of cool.
Yeah.
and then I think it may, it almost looks like it could be a roguelite but I don't think it is.
But they look neat.
Let me check that out.
I've been just trying to reconcile all the games I have on Humble Bundle and making sure that I have them in my library in Steam and I've unfortunately lost track of what I have put in there, what I have and I wish there was like a more definitive way to do that.
Yep.
Well, I do want to give a warning out for people who are trying out the GOG Galaxy app on Mac.
It has this weird thing where the servers will disconnect on it if you do not immediately open an executable that's the connection protocol for Terminal.
And the thing is that now the Shortcuts app cannot run Terminal.
You can run shell scripts, and I'm thinking about just making a script for it and everything, but
apparently it's been like this for years and anyone who wants to use that service and you're on a Mac definitely makes some noise so I have just removed it from my system after I redeemed some games for free and yeah, not nice but as far as games I'll be playing of course Colts of the Land, the new DLC I'm not going to have my Friday stream because it's fucking Friday we put it off for two weeks
We'll be playing Jackbox games instead and drinking heavily and dishing about ballet.
Sounds fun.
You might see me play it on Wednesday, I don't know.
But I've been looking forward to this because I still love that game.
Maybe everyone else forgot about it, but I love it.
and so we haven't had a return from Rob yet so we don't have controls to do anything with that so I am going to say that I have a challenge for all of our listeners right now I want you to email us and I mean this I am serious and I want each of you to tell me what game sequel that you want to see come out I'm looking for common threads
or what kind of game that you would you would want to see like what what we just need more email people give me something to do geez or else we're gonna end an hour early like we did tonight and that's not gonna be good for everybody
All right.
I'm sorry about that.
Some of you that were watching live probably saw that I was sipping on a very nice iced coffee that Alan went and got me during the show.
And I spilled said coffee all over the carpeted floor and ice cubes.
Yeah, clearly a little bit of a drinking problem.
So I'm more worried about putting a stain on the carpet.
That's the part that pisses me off.
Alan, I'm so sorry I ruined your life.
No, he did not ruin my life.
I feel bad because he tried to do a really nice thing by getting me coffee during this very hot part of the day and I went and spilled it all over the floor because I'm a stupid bitch.
You are not.
He's a stupid bitch.
E3VL does have a very good point.
Better iced than hot.
Yes.
Very that.
Thank you.
Thank you, PodCulture.
But later I will tell you the thing that I do to get cat yarf out of my carpet.
Well, it's not discoloring too bad yet.
I'll just hope we have some of that cleaner left.
We have some stuff to get that shit out of the carpet.
Good luck.
I hope it doesn't stain.
But then again, you can say it's your inaugural stain.
Yeah.
Oh, no.
Yeah.
yeah all right all right well sorry to put you all on the spot by time shit happens um thank you but we are back uh coffee happens so i was trying to wrap up the show if i could have just went like two more minutes we would have done with the show but anyway oh yeah it's a good content now and i have a challenge out to the community to send me rad um a game sequel that they want to see happen oh love it love it uh and then explain and justify why it should be the guardian legend i'm just kidding
I don't have to justify shit about the Guardian legend.
It's amazing.
All right.
Anyway, with that, thank you as always in spite of user errors for listening to and downloading Orange Lounge Radio.
If you enjoyed what you heard here tonight, thank you especially for getting this far and still saying that.
Leave a nice five-star review wherever it is you found this show.
Whether it was Spotify, iTunes, YouTube, wherever it is you found this show.
A nice word of mouth goes a long way as well.
Tell a friend or two about the show.
Help us spread the word because we are the show where every gamer has a voice.
We just need more voices to put out there on air.
All right.
With that, we're going to wrap up.
We're going to say bye to DarkSakura first because she's going to do some...
No, we're going to be doing... It may be the last week of 2v8, and I will have open lobbies.
If not, I'll start off with Killer.
It might just be me and Shayla to start off with.
There might be some Killer happening.
I've decided this mode makes me a Wraith fan.
Oh, yeah.
It was a clusterfuck the one time I tried it, so it's interesting, though.
You're welcome to join in.
But in the meantime, everybody...
Do what I said.
Email.
Give me something to do.
All right.
Have a good one, Jamie.
Bye-bye.
All right.
Well, with that, Loki, we will turn to you and your final thought tonight.
Hopefully, we'll have a new episode out this week.
I've been working hard to get it done and getting there.
So hopefully, I'll be out this week.
And yeah, check out the short if you haven't yet.
All right.
My final thought, I don't really have a big one.
My personal streaming, once again, has just been by this wayside of other things I'm doing.
But it's actually been really good for me being able to play games on my own schedule.
So there is that.
So hopefully I'll make some more progress in Pokemon.
I'm looking to clear the water gym tonight.
So we'll see how that goes.
And hey, maybe I might even want to do some trades.
Usually I use Pokemon Home.
But if you're a Pokemon Violet owner, I have Pokemon Scarlet and maybe we need to do some trades because I do want to get some of the uniques, build up my team there, at least the ones I can get so far.
So that's it.
That's it for another episode of Orange Lounge Radio.
Thank you all so much for listening tonight.
We will see you in seven days.
And until then, please, please critically think about things.
Good night.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
See you next week.
