Amazon's trend of downplaying to cheapen everything runs vast, including Amazon Games CEO paraphrase statement regarding AI.
And especially for games, we don't really have acting.
The majority of the team sits in programming.
If it takes something away, it will be the really boring parts.
Spoken like a true businessman, and not an artist.
At least they increase shareholder value temporarily.
This is the Eat the Rich Intro.
Now it's time for your hosts, Rob Roberts, Jamie Summers, and Loki to tell you more about this and the rest of the week's Gamescom news.
Starting right now in the show, where every gamer has a voice...
Hello my friends out there on the internet.
Welcome back to another week of the show where every gamer has a voice.
It is Orange Lounge Radio Live and we are back once again on our show with episode number 1015.
That's 1015 of our show for tonight, August 25th of 2024.
My name is Rob Roberts and I'm joined here every week with the one and only Techmaster Loki.
Hi Loki.
Hello.
And don't you all worry, DarkSakura or Jamie Summers is here as well.
I'm here.
Oh, hi, Jamie.
How are you?
and having that crap happen where it's not showing my virtual camera again.
I'm going to see if I can't get it to work.
It's totally OBS.
It's not my computer.
I've done all these things.
It works like last week.
Until we figure that out, then we get placeholder DarkSakura on cam, just like that.
So there you go.
But well, hello, DarkSakura and hello, TechMasterLoki.
I hope you are both having fantastic weeks.
I know I am having a very exciting week ahead.
Obviously been hyping this for a while.
I leave in less than 72 hours for DragonCon out in the Atlanta area.
My 12th DragonCon and this year is going to be huge.
I'm not going to double up.
I already talked about my schedule last week, but I will say
They did swap out one panel.
So unfortunately, I will no longer be on the streaming retro games panel on Friday at 2.30.
But since my other panel is not streamed, I would encourage you all playing the home game to watch that stream because it's a lovely panel of folks that are going to participate on that.
So I would definitely encourage you to watch that.
But instead, on Friday at 2.30 on site at the Hyatt, I'll be doing a panel with Amelia Gotham.
She is a voice actress in games, including Final Fantasy XIII.
DragonCon.com
Is Castlevania out on Tuesday, Jamie?
I think it is, so I'm not playing DBD until Tuesday.
I don't blame you.
I'm going to play Polya tonight and finish building my house.
I would be saving myself for Alucard in DBD.
I'm definitely saving myself for Alucard in DBD.
The Castlevania content looks hot, though.
And I'm not just talking about those fire pillars Dracula throws.
It's going to be exciting.
And they've definitely tweaked things since the PTB.
Yeah, excited to see how that all works out for sure.
We are going to get in a little bit here into our kickoff topic.
We'll talk a little bit about Gamescom and what all went on opening night.
But before we get there, believe it or not, and this is... I know we've bitched about this for months.
This has been a recurring theme here at OLR.
The gaming news, not as much as you'd think considering Gamescom happened this week.
And boy, I...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Yeah, and some of you in chat as we are taping live are shouting out some things.
Yes, we will get there.
I'm not saying there wasn't anything.
I'm just saying there was not quite the same volume we usually have.
But anyway, before we get there, sometimes we go on tangents.
I don't want to talk about food.
I'm sorry.
What's that?
Sometimes.
All the time.
Well, we have a tangent train for you tonight to go with the hype train and chat.
Thank you all so much for the hype train.
Appreciate that.
DarkSakura, you and I were texting a little bit earlier today.
You just went to the movies, right?
So what movie did you see?
Alien Romulus.
Oh, it's not Borderlands?
Really?
Rob.
No one's seen Borderlands.
There's this thing that I have, Rob.
It's called standards.
It's called taste.
Okay.
And taste.
And taste.
Look, if I had gone to the Borderlands, I did have a friend that saw the Borderlands movie and she was like, look, Jamie Lee Curtis, okay?
And I'm like, all right, I forgive you.
I forgive you.
Who did she play?
Tannis.
Okay, one of the characters.
I might see it just for her because, you know, I love her.
Well, this is a great character, but like the movie sucks.
Just wait.
It's streaming this week.
So rental streaming this week.
Give it another couple weeks.
And then, hey, rental streaming.
I went to a friend's house and we rented a movie.
Just tangent on the tangent.
You know what movie we watched because he had never seen it before?
We watched Hereditary.
I love that movie.
But here's the thing.
My friend...
maybe allegedly had had a little 420 celebration before we watched the movie that is not a movie you want to watch you know on the sauce and I'm thinking about the movies that will fuck you up more than anything is that is up there that is in the top three I put Hereditary more fucked up than Midsommar I'm just saying and Midsommar is like one of my favorite movies ever but that was oh sorry Loki what
I was going to say, you know, a movie, you know, another movie would make you feel like that you're on something when you're watching is the one that's behind me or the game for the movie that's behind me.
Buckaroo Banzai.
Rob, the thing is, you also have to look in the shadows.
And not just like the shadows in the house, but like even looking in like the foliage.
Midsommar did that for sure in the foliage.
What was the word my friend used?
It's not a scary movie as much as it is an intense movie.
And I think that's a really good word to describe it.
Hereditary is pretty scary though it's scary but it's intense I think the Descent is probably one of the most intense movies I've ever seen like I wanted to cry when I saw the Descent literally grown-ass man in the theater about to cry because I was so scared that movie that's probably the scariest movie I've ever seen it's very overwhelming I'll put it that way yeah anyway and I mean and I liked it I was actually kind of surprised that I could stand Hereditary
Yeah, me too, me too, because I'm not usually a fan of gore, but it's really only like two things.
Even the gross stuff wasn't really gory.
Yeah.
Anyway, that wasn't the scary movie we were supposed to talk about.
You went to the movies and you saw, well, a scary movie of sorts.
You saw Alien Romulus.
Alien Romulus.
And what I look at that is an action sci-fi horror.
Okay.
all the things it's a blender but you you were talking you had this movie kind of gave you some interesting insights right and it does tie into gaming actually right why don't you tell me what you were saying in text message to me all right so um okay the movie has been out for a little bit this has actually been a controversy so I don't feel like it's a major spoiler for me to say that Anne Holm who played Ash in the first movie his likeness was used in Romulus
I'm not going to say how really what the character is but it is another android and they have a voice actor to provide voice so they didn't use some sort of AI technology to mimic his voice and his likeness was an animatronic with some digital touch up and some
AI work.
The face was actually done from a plaster that he had made around the time of doing Alien.
Now you know how we are about
using someone's likeness as a cash grab, using someone's likeness without permission.
Things like that.
We're not into that.
We're not into the AI thing.
Not in that respect.
but when I saw that the director had gone and flat out asked his widow how he would feel about having this done and getting the permission of the estate she said that he was always upset that he never got tapped to show up in another Alien movie even though Lance Hendrickson had, so many other characters had
that, you know, that he had actually told her specifically he would like to be in another alien movie.
And, you know, and to her, this was like a way for him to have that wish, you know, even posthumously.
So that's the sort of situation.
Yeah.
And what SSJ100 meant that they apparently showed that scene to his family.
It's not a that scene.
It is a great many scenes.
I'm just going to leave it at that.
It's not a cameo.
It is not a cameo.
but that they showed his family first and they were happy his legacy carried on now everyone who hasn't seen the movie is saying oh it's a cameo no it is more than a cameo I will tell you this right now it is a plot point I'm not going to go too much more into that but plot point um
and the thing that I that I think sets us apart from a lot of those other situations is it it isn't just necessarily that the permission was gathered from the estate that makes it sound so um what's the word I'm thinking of so detached you know um but in this case he actually can I repeat a chat room joke I think you would appreciate um over twitch.tv slash VOG network
and DarkSakura.
so Tiger Claw in chat stated Alien Romulus is set between Alien and Aliens which you know timeline wise yes we know that from the previews and stuff but Jim Sally replies to that and says yes Tiger Claw I work at the library and Alien Romulus does sit between the other movies it's a very alphabetical trilogy funny right it's a good joke it's a good joke I mean honestly putting that in light of one of the characters in the movie
Dad jokes abound.
There are many, many, many dad jokes.
Now, Tigerclaw in chat also says... Tigerclaw in chat also says Alien Isolation was a huge inspiration for Alien Romulus.
And you were talking a little bit about this too, right?
It was kind of your experience?
Yeah.
I haven't seen it specifically stated that... I mean, I've seen it stated that they took influences from it.
Not that it was a huge inspiration.
But I will say that...
Well, and TigerClaw also goes back and talks about the retrofuturism used from the aesthetic of the 77 movie.
The thing is that that was also what Alien Isolation did, was they took the aesthetic from the first movie.
Now, Romulus is set 20 years after Alien.
and if I recall correctly, Isolation is set about 10 to 15 years because Amanda's a young adult.
She was supposed to turn 11 according to that deleted scene from Aliens that they thankfully added back in.
Oh my god.
You want to know something?
The picture that Ripley looks at in Aliens that's supposed to be her daughter is actually her mom.
Anyway.
But I'm still... This is going back, though, to...
The aesthetics were... It's actually, I think, a testament to how well Alien Isolation was done.
All the hard work and effort that went into that.
There is this scene where they're running through the station that everything in that area looked like one of the areas from Alien Isolation.
I mean, I will die on that hill.
There are so many different things and I don't know if it was specifically done that way.
or if it was just that the aesthetic was nailed so well but like, there's stairwells that look like it came from the movie they're, they don't, they
It's just that there was just really a whole lot that matched me.
And I thought that they also took some of, I would say, fan theories about things and they incorporated that into the story.
Or at least things that maybe people have put in their fan fiction or ideas people have discussed.
But I just thought it was really well done.
But my point was...
my point was going though back to an ethical use of a likeness of an actor and using a voice actor instead of trying to artificially recreate their voice and that to me if you want to look to an example of the right way to go about it this is the way
Not meaning to bring another science fiction into it.
It definitely seems like the director, you know, from everything I've heard, and I can't profess to be a huge, like, Alien franchise fan.
Oddly, I saw the Aliens, I think, I was too young to really remember a lot of it.
And then I saw Alien Resurrection.
That's the only one I remember seeing in the theater.
And then I haven't really seen anything since then.
But...
Everything I've heard about this new movie is that the director seemed to have taken a lot of care from recruiting people that did special effects on aliens.
Yeah, no, on alien.
On the first and second.
Okay, first and second.
And obviously the care we're talking about with the AI.
So we're steering to maybe fan theories, video games.
It sounds like it all kind of came into play.
Most of the effects are practical effects.
man in a suit which is the fun way to do it puppets but that was really even just going into video games along the same lines that's the sort of benchmark we should be setting for the use of a likeness of a deceased actor is to speak with the family to have their input on how you're fucking doing it
and do it as respectively because I mean in the end their family doesn't own the character you know in one of the books they took Ash's consciousness and uploaded it into another machine in the audiobook he was voiced by freaking Rutger Hauer yeah it was the same character but he said that he came out with a different voice because it was a different outlet
but I'm just going in and thinking that and there are some very formulaic parts of the story but for the most part it adds a lot that's unique and ties things together pretty nicely for the Alien franchise even though I'm going to throw it out here right now I think the whole Prometheus and Covenant thing is fucking stupid but
but everything was done so well and I think that it was that kind of care that went into making the movie and seeking family permission seeking, I mean having both Ridley Scott and James Cameron involved in the process two people who had a completely different take on the feel of the series Ridley Scott played it off as true you know
Final Girl Horror Movie and Cameron played it off as Action Movie but they get both of their input and it was a very good marriage of it but that's what I think people need to do with their games.
Make sure that if you were going to use likenesses if those people have passed you get the permission of their family and you make sure they're involved in these steps.
Hire a voice actor don't
use an AI recreated voice.
If you have to do anything, at least make sure that there's only slight modifications done to the voice actor's work.
Make sense?
Like some tweaks here and there, bring the tone up a touch.
I was just going to add that your other option is to just do what people were doing before this technology has existed five years ago and just recast the actor.
And if the performance is strong enough and believable enough,
it'll work but I think in this case is that there is now a character isn't just a character you know what I mean it's not some become so iconic that the way they look the actor playing them
is as much a part of the character as the way the character is written.
No, I do get it.
I do get it.
It's a very interesting sort of situation we're in in Hollywood, that's for sure.
But I also just want to say as an aside that I thought that it was good that they took one of the most pivotal characters, pretty much the character that might have even had the biggest responsibility to creating the entire... to pushing the events of the entire storyline into play.
Um...
and finally doing justice to him, acknowledging him in other ways.
But I will say for those poor, poor babies that have never seen Alien, I'm so sorry you owe it to yourself to watch it and then to watch the Aliens special edition.
Alright, well it's all pretty easy to find thanks to the magic of the internet and streaming and all that good stuff, rental, whatever.
Oh, but, and again, the whole point, the lightness, anyway.
All right.
Well, let's move on back to video gaming and talk about some of the big headlines from this week.
This week, of course, was the Gamescom event out in Germany.
Big expo that happened.
We talked about a little bit at the top of the show.
Let's talk about some of that news that did come out of Gamescom this week.
Loki, why don't you walk us through the opening night live?
Or if you live here on the West Coast, opening morning live.
Uh, yeah, opening later in the day live, because I didn't catch it live, or didn't catch all of it live.
Way too much going on at work to watch anything, so yeah, I had to just kind of get the TLDR after the fact.
so they had a bunch of different announcements some things were already kind of just it's more of just like DLC announcements and stuff like that kind of some of the bigger stuff that they showed off there was of course the gameplay for Black Ops 6 the new Call of Duty game showing some of the campaign stuff kind of do that you know every year anyways but Call of Duty yay looks looks like Call of Duty um
Borderlands 4
I guess that's a surprise.
I mean, it's a successful franchise.
It's not a surprise.
It's a surprise that they're announcing it with the flop of the movie.
I was like, are you just surprised that the movie didn't kill the entire franchise?
No, I think in a perfect world, the movie did a lot better.
And then, yay, we have a new game as you all are enjoying the movie.
And now it feels a little more like we're putting out a new game to make you forget the movie.
And either way...
I don't think the game is going to suffer whatsoever.
No, no, no.
The game's good.
Bad movie.
If that were true, if bad movie adaptations killed you.
Then we would never have had Street Fighter 3, to be fair.
We would have never had Super Mario Brothers.
That's true.
Or Mortal Kombat.
It doesn't mean anything.
It's just... It's a thing that existed and we will soon forget about.
Goat Simulator Remastered.
Very excited about that.
Looks cool.
I mean, it's probably the old game and the new engine.
I mean, because I think the old one was Unreal 3, so it's been a while.
We had Persona 3 Reload, a trailer for that.
A new trailer for Dying Light the Beast, which looks cool.
I completely forgot about that series.
A new Dragon Ball game, Dragon Ball Sparking Zero.
some other stuff uh kind of gonna skip around here a little bit uh so there's an official squid game game but it is a mobile game and it's also a Netflix game I think it's something you get through there it didn't even occur to me that there wasn't one already because of all the fucking like inspired by games that exist out there it's also kind of weird too I mean like just like it's like yeah you know I don't know it's it's just strange um
I really thought we were done with him I really thought he would have just disappeared into the shadows but no, we have another Peter Molyneux game, Masters of All Beyond which sounds very much like
it sounds like Fable I'm going to tell you why it sounds like Fable Albion is the name of the area that Fable takes place in but there's this whole study about he can get away with it so it is set in that world you know making promises that he's not going to be able to cash um
Cool, I guess.
I just, I kind of wish he just would go.
No, here's the thing about Peter Molyneux.
I don't need to hear him say a goddamn thing.
Show me the product.
I don't need to hear the hype machine.
I don't need to hear a damn thing from Peter Molyneux.
Just show me the game, and we'll judge the game on its merits.
Just stop talking, Peter Molyneux.
Yeah.
They have this cool announcement trailer that they animated Jeff Keighley for called King of Meat.
I love that title.
It's a great name.
It's kind of like a battling game show type game or whatever.
A Linked Banner of the Spark.
It's a debut game from FuzzyBot.
That's coming out October 22nd.
And then we had a new...
Game from DotNod Lost Records, Bloom and Rage That looked pretty cool Same style as the rest of that stuff New trailer for No More Room in Hell 2 Looks pretty cool
Arc Raiders, which is supposed to be... I'm just always a fan of these games that are just like, you know, Demon Slayer, No Room in Hell, Satan Killer.
There's something so heavy metal about that.
I'm like, I appreciate a video game that just states what it is.
Yeah.
Infinity Nikki...
I don't know what it is.
What the hell is that?
At least I know what we're getting.
It's anime.
There's lots of cutesy things.
And there's an infinite number of Nickys.
So I don't know.
It's interesting.
I didn't know what to make of it.
Warhammer 40k Space Marines.
It's a dress-em-up gotcha.
I mean, it is a gotcha, alright.
Yeah.
Gotcha, sucker.
Gotcha while you open up your wallet an infinite amount of times.
Predecessor.
It's a MOBA shooter from the folks that did Paragon.
Let's see.
Path of Exile 2.
It's going to be coming in early access in November 15th.
Looks awesome.
Are we sure?
I feel like that game was supposed to be out two years ago, which, you know, it is a free-to-play game, but I don't know.
I enjoyed Path of Exile as a diversion from Diablo 3, but I'm curious where the sequel takes us.
Sure.
We got some gameplay of Dune Awakening.
That looked kind of cool.
I'm still not, you know... I don't know too much about...
Dune, I haven't watched the new movies yet but also a creepy video Re-Animal which is by the developers who did Little Nightmares and yep it is a nightmare so that is coming at some point for PlayStation another trailer for Genshin Impact and Monster Hunter Wilds also had a gameplay trailer as well
Laura Croft is going to be doing some crossover for Naraka Blade Point.
Not familiar with that game.
And that actually is launching this week.
We had a trailer for Fatal Fury, City of the Wolves.
Awesome.
Love me some Fatal Fury.
Mecha Break, another trailer for that.
We've had so many trailers and it looks cool because I love me some mechas.
What else?
Is it going to be like Sasuna's Sacrifice or whatever the sequel was called where we see like 17 trailers and then the week that the game comes out, Radio Silence?
I mean, maybe.
I don't know.
Do you all know that game finally came out?
Do you know that the game finally came out?
No.
After Xbox showed like 17 trailers for it, then they just kind of released it.
I sort of remember us talking about like how there wasn't any press about it
um yeah Hellblade 2 did the same thing for uh what was the other one the the bad vampire game um oh um the one that closed that studio um I know what you're talking about something Redfall yeah Redfall that was it
yeah yeah yeah because they did the same thing with that um but uh Monument Valley 3 uh was announced um and then of course they're going to be also it looks I think bringing back the other games as well as part of um oh yeah and this is exclusive on Netflix games means I'll never play it uh Civ 7 got a gameplay reveal yay which is exciting I'll talk more about that later
DLC for Starfield showing some sort of Rev-8 vehicle don't care more stuff for Marvel Rivals you're not interested in going back to Starfield?
I don't remember
and so Tim Miller who also was a director of Deadpool and it's an anthology series that's making a bunch of short episodes based on a bunch of different game franchises like from God of War, Pac-Man, Mega Man, Warhammer 40k, Armored Core.
I'm excited.
I want to watch this.
It looks...
Really cool.
So I'm very excited.
I know while we're optioning all these, you know, TV shows and movies on games based on the success of, you know, the Castlevania anime and The Witcher, even if that was a book, but still the games help propel that to a lot of success while we're while we're commissioning all this stuff.
Why not?
Why not?
We'll just do it.
We'll do a TV series with all the games.
I mean, yeah, it looks cool.
I mean, unfortunately, Concord's part of that as well.
And
TigerClaw on chat says, I wonder what Pac-Man is going to look like.
Let's hope people insist.
We've seen it in the trailer.
It's kind of scary.
It's a robot type thing.
I think it's cool if they make Pac-Man like a horror thing.
Why not?
It's not a horror thing.
It seems like a very... QuestBuster in chat says, the last clip showed Pac-Man briefly and the first thing it reminded me of was the shiny orb from the Phantasm films.
That's scary.
It is kind of scary.
Pac-Man is kind of scary in that.
But yeah, so that's going to be coming out at the end of the year, which looks pretty awesome.
We had a trailer for Age of Mythology Retold, which is going to be launching September 4th.
Another trailer for Towerborn, and they announced early access on Steam September 10th.
Delta Force Hawk Ops
That almost feels like a fictional title.
Just so stupid.
I don't know.
But that's coming to Steam Next Fest in October and launching early access at the end of the year.
Kingdom Come Deliverance 2 had a world premiere trailer.
It looks pretty incredible.
And Zenless Zone Zero...
also had a trailer as well as a new one for Honkai's Star Rail Fate Stay Night collaboration thing oh and then oh yeah Batman Arkham Shadow World the VR game but I don't know it's alright I'd be curious to try it VR needs more AAA type of stuff so I'm curious curious
Hurtling looked cool it's by the creators of Firewatch and Far Changing Tides Little Nightmares 3 was announced as well and let's see we talked about Masters of Obion already Squid Game already talked about that Unknown 9 Awakening which is an action adventure game from Bandai Namco they're getting some DLC for that
What else?
Diablo 4, Vessels of Hatred, Mercenaries reveal trailer they had.
I don't know.
I wasn't really too tuned into that stuff.
The first Berserker Kazan is supposed to be launching next year.
That doesn't have anything to do with Berserk because that would be pretty awesome.
I mean, it looks cool.
Kind of anime there.
um let's see I don't know a lot of these I don't recognize half the franchises here uh Floatopia looks awesome though it's very cutesy um and then of course you know one of the big announcements uh probably I think it was the last announcement was Indiana Jones is a Great Circle is um they showed some more gameplay for that they talked about it's launching on PC and Xbox December 9th but oh my goodness it's also coming to PlayStation 5 whoo
In spring of 2025, so... I mean, we already knew that they were porting stuff over to Sony as well, so... It was rumored for quite a bit that this would happen.
And I think, honestly, you know, even if you're very, very invested in the Xbox ecosystem and this news makes you feel a certain type of way, there's still... Like, if you want to play it first, you're going to have to be on PC or Xbox, so... It's coming out on PlayStation Day 1, so...
and then Mafia The Old Country, a new Mafia game from Hangar 13.
Yeah, I mean, honestly, like if people are so bothered by the console wars in the year 2024,
I got news for you.
There's a lot more stuff to worry about out there other than the console wars.
Especially if you're on PC, who cares?
It's all coming to PC at some point anyways, and if it's not, then eh, it's not worth playing right now.
I mean, I can't be invested in console wars anymore because both consoles do the bad consumer practice stuff, so it's like
whatever Questmaster says Berserker is related to Nexon's DNF MMO world instead oh okay got it still looks cool
I was going to kind of bring this up.
This is a very kind of pivoting to a different story that came up this last week that isn't on our show roll because it's a little bit of hearsay right now, but there are some facts to prove it.
But it's talking about kind of game promotion and getting the word about games out there and how there's so many games.
And I think I was kind of joking about Hellblade 2 a little bit, but I think at least people still discover that game and found that game.
But I don't know if you saw these reports about the PlayStation release Conquered.
Conquered with a Q
I just think it's just... I don't even think they've thought that deep into it.
I think it's more of just... They were trying to target... They were mimicking a bunch of other games that are successful out there, and then they can't figure out why their game's not successful.
They're like, but we put the cinematic trailer.
Why aren't people eating this up like they do, say, League of Legends or Overwatch or something like that?
It's like, well...
People aren't just going to become fans of your game all of a sudden.
Those games are free, right?
Is Concord a free-to-play game?
Nope, 40 bucks.
I don't think so.
So, and here's the thing.
If you hadn't heard yet, there are websites, third-party websites, that will let you see how well a game is performing on Steam.
And apparently, observations over the weekend show that less than 700...
concurrent people were playing this on Steam.
Now, to be fair, this does not measure what's happening in the PlayStation space, so it might just be doing a lot better in the PlayStation space, but one could probably see that this is not a good look for the game.
To put it into perspective, Suicide Squad Killed the Justice League, which also launched on consoles, had 13,000 concurrent players and was considered a floppity-flop.
and I mean granted that one took 200 million to make but I don't think Concord was a cheap game by any means.
Helldivers 2 is more popular on Steam right now than it is than Concord is.
The fact that I can't tell you shit about this game
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
I haven't really seen a lot of buzz around this game I haven't seen streamers picking up this game and playing it which is how I found out about I think and I think there was somebody had looked at Twitch and there were maybe 700 viewers on Twitch for this game and 600 of them were in one person sponsored stream but I'm like you're sponsoring one person or something like that like this is just it's not cute this game it doesn't look good and the problem with the game is like even from the outset people were kind of like
Who's this for?
There's other games that do all this stuff way better, and who is this for?
Okay, so it's like a mishmash of all these different games.
Meanwhile, the game we're not supposed to talk about, well, we can now.
We'll get to it a little later.
We can talk about Valve's Deadlock now, if you weren't already aware.
We're allowed to talk about it now.
That's... Valve's releasing a new game?
This is brand new information.
Also, good acting, Loki, is also a mishmash of various games, including Valve games, like Team Fortress 2 and Dota 2.
Meanwhile, Deadlock is also a mishmash of those games.
Deadlock is performing much better.
Now, of course...
One could also argue Deadlock is doing that sense of exclusiveness that made Gmail and even something like fucking Google Wave popular when it first came out.
Y'all remember Google Wave?
That was an invite-only thing and everybody wanted to get on it.
What the fuck is Google Wave?
I don't know.
Let me send you an invite and you can see.
Wow, I'm cool.
I'm in the club.
That's what Valve's Deadlock thing is going.
And, you know, say what you will about it, but it's going a lot better for Deadlock than it is for Concord right now.
So, something to think about.
Anyway, a little bit of a tangent.
I mean, who knew on this show, but just maybe as you were kind of talking about, oh, this game kind of looks like this, I realized that it's weird.
I feel like we are actually talking about less games, but we know less about them.
And again, I don't know what... To be fair to a point that was brought up earlier, I don't know if this is a side effect of gaming journalism.
Really, the air getting let out of the tire is hardcore on that front in the past two years.
I don't think so necessarily, because Concord was shown off quite a bit at...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
and the gameplay from what I hear is very slow and very just not exciting.
It...
and I get it that there's developers that worked really hard on this but yeah it's you know I want to bring up you saw the ring on the wall right YouTube right now just because I want to I've literally now I'm fucking curious like I kind of want to see like what this game looks like so let me go to uh where I'm doing this live as we go here okay so I'm for the very first time looking at a game that at first glance looks remarkably like Counter-Strike
Down to the layout and everything.
I don't know, to me, just at first glance.
Maybe it's just whatever particular frame I'm looking at here.
This just... Okay, I can tell it's a team shooter.
And I can tell it's probably got the Overwatch-y vibes because all the people are different.
I like the lady with the leopard hat.
I'm just laughing listening to you describe everything.
Yeah, and I apologize to the podcast listeners, because obviously, but I don't know what to say.
This looks like pretty much every other shooter game I've seen.
Are they flying?
There's nothing unique about it.
They're double jumping?
Somebody in chat says this game's been in development for eight years, and I'm kind of like, okay, now I can actually see the character.
She's cute.
Um, but, um, it feels like a game that's a concept that's eight years old.
That doesn't kind of surprise me.
Hmm.
Anyway, sorry.
I just, I literally, I wanted to educate myself since I didn't know anything about this game otherwise.
So there you go.
I looked up some gameplay and, um, I don't, I don't think I would pay $40 for that, to be quite honest.
There's games doing the same thing for free right now.
So...
Well, like, one of the weird things I saw with that, they were talking about how you beat a match with somebody, the next round you have to pick a new character.
You can't play as the same character in each round.
You have to keep picking new characters, and if you beat matches with them, you can't play them again.
Interesting.
For, like, I don't know how long... Why would you do that?
I don't know, but it, like, it seems weird, but it's just...
and DarkSakura.
didn't look interesting.
I don't give a fuck about cinematics.
Well, let me take that back.
I get that.
I like it when I'm in the game and playing it and already on board.
I hope you all, and I'm sure this audience, is educated enough at this point to know and has been around the block in the gaming industry long enough to know those cinematics tell you nothing about the game, how the game is actually going to be.
No, and I understand that, but the point is that was supposed to be a selling point for the game is that they were going to be releasing new cinematics every week so that you follow along the story and the characters and stuff like that.
And so it was supposed to be a big selling point, but it was just not interesting at all.
Hmm.
Alright, well, we'll see.
I wonder if this game goes free-to-play in the next... I wonder if this goes free... What's the over-under on this game going free-to-play faster than Borderlands Winter Video?
For sure it'll be going free-to-play.
Or a PlayStation Plus giveaway next month.
We'll see.
I mean, it's... The $40 price tag, to me, for a type of game that I guarantee are going to be like...
Thank you for watching!
They're trying to get you excited about the different characters so that you buy the skins and the emotes or whatever else that you're going to be doing for that.
And the double dip though with the $40 on top of that really seems shady.
Now I don't know, I could be completely wrong in that maybe there isn't monetization.
though we live in the year 2024 and I don't believe that for a second and especially when they want that kind of money from you know this that's why would you build a hero shooter at this point you know in a saturated market if not for the microtransactions I mean clearly they want that money so I don't know
We'll see.
I'm going to watch it flop.
We'll see what happens.
Maybe by the time we're back from our two-week break, it'll be free to play.
We'll see.
All right.
Well, meanwhile, let's talk about the types of games that we have been playing this week in a segment we call, appropriately, How Was Your Gaming Week?
DarkSakura, we'll go to you.
How was your gaming week?
It was all right.
A little bit different.
I was testing out some stuff on my Mac to see if I could get it to play in Whiskey.
And so I was testing Mushahime-sama, and I beat it.
Like the shooter version, not the iOS version.
I watched Isoco play a game called The Friendly Neighborhood.
And I played a little bit of the demo.
It definitely got that Five Nights at Freddy's vibe, but without being created by an asshole who funds an enemy of humanity.
Um...
What else did I play?
I played some Suica game, the watermelon merging game.
I don't know, I played other stuff, but my brain... Actually, some Guardian Legend.
Nice.
And I meant to start my Retro Night last night, but I reconnected with a friend who had been going through some stuff that kept her busy.
but I will be starting it if I stream well I mean it will be on next Saturday but it's I'll be playing a game I'll be talking about later today okay also it just occurred to me you know what next weekend is DragonCon no something more important it's far more important I know it's my dad's birthday
It's my 19th wedding anniversary on the 1st.
Which is the day before my dad's birthday.
I actually do remember that.
Well, happy early anniversary.
Thank you.
And happy early birthday to your dad.
You haven't killed him yet.
Congrats.
Just wait.
I mean, la la la la la.
Kidding, kidding, kidding.
All right.
Loki, how was your gaming week?
My gaming week was mostly Minecraft.
However, I did manage to pick up something gaming.
um that I'm slightly disappointed in only one reason I'm disappointed so I picked up a Legend of Zelda Game & Watch like the ones that they released not that long ago they don't have headphone jacks on those things
Why?
Why?
I think my old Tiger Electronics thing from the 80s or 90s, probably the 80s, had a headphone jack on that.
I'm pretty certain.
So it doesn't.
I got it for my son to be able to play Zelda when we're at piano practice and stuff like that because he was kind of getting a little tired of the Playdate stuff.
But you can see it's...
Not bad.
It's pretty cool.
Aside from, you know, the... I think it's got the clock on there.
It's like doing a little animation and everything.
It's pretty neat.
And it's got...
The Legends of the Links Was it The Adventures of Link?
And then Legends of the Links Awakening Plus there's also a timer And some weird Of course they always do the Game & Watch games Like a variation of that, the Zelda theme But three games, not bad It is, funny enough, the PAL version I don't, I didn't realize that When I was ordering it on Amazon But it's cheaper than it was retail And it's brand new Nice Alright
Well, my game of the week.
So not a lot of new stuff this week.
Still Final Fantasy XIV.
You know, I play a lot.
I went back to playing some Diablo 4 this week.
I wasn't sure if I was going to get into this season or not because I didn't finish the last season and I felt some sort of way about it.
But there was a weekend-long XP bonus event going on.
So I was like, all right, I'll try it.
You know, whatever.
Let me get in and make a character.
I was a little disappointed that they don't have the rebirth feature implemented yet.
So you can't re-roll an old character because...
Between the game's launch, the initial story mode, and four seasons, I have one of every class.
I just need to rebirth one of my old characters.
I don't need to make a new character.
But rebirth doesn't exist yet.
So now I have a male druid, and if you will, I have a body A druid and a body B druid.
That in my head canon are male and female druids So that's where we're at now until they do Rebirth And I will say, I did not intend for this to happen But my female druid looks just like Delta Work, the drag queen And I wish in retrospect I named her Diet Coke With that, because if you haven't seen the TikTok of Delta Work Doing the Diet Coke taste test
I've been playing since Friday evening off and on.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
That's really it.
I haven't really jumped into anything new, especially with DragonCon looming on the horizon.
I didn't really want to get any new games, but I will point this out because this might surprise DarkSakura.
I did get a new thing.
I should say, preface with, I impulse bought a new thing.
Mm-hmm.
This is my new iPad that I bought at Costco.
Here's the thing.
Um, I'm well, well, this thing is about to be aged out.
I know.
Well, that's why, cause that's why it was as cheap as it was because this is a 2021 ninth gen and I'm down.
I'm really, I'm well aware.
This is going to be old technology in two weeks.
By the time the Apple event happens, you don't have to be an insider to know that, that, um, Apple's going to update their technology and no, it's, it's a basic bitch iPad.
The only reason I got one was because I may have a need in the very near future.
It occurred to me.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
um but yeah but then I did realize oh I could download Delta it is it is still new enough to be able to do that so but that's probably the extent of the gaming I'll do on that thing it really is more of a utility um otherwise so I thought you'd get a laugh out of that DarkSakura so all right um
Otherwise, that was really it for my Gimme Week.
I'm not going to recap my DragonCon schedule because I talked about it last week.
I just will point out one change that happened is that Friday... Oh, no, I already mentioned it earlier in the show.
Never mind.
Friday, they did sub out a panel.
I had a note here to mention it here, but yes, a Friday panel, a mind change.
I look forward to seeing everybody at the convention and...
Thursday night, again, is really the best time to catch myself.
I'm Bobby Blackwolf.
I have not caught wind if our pal Brian from British Invaders is going this year.
He usually goes every other year, and he was there last year, so I don't think he's going, which is why I haven't followed up.
But at least for Bobby and myself, Thursday will be an excellent time to... Oh, PodCulture says Brian is going.
Oh, that's good to know.
I'll have to look and see if he has any panels.
But Thursday night is an excellent time to catch...
myself and Bobby at the and it's even in the program as the VOG Network presents digital media networking event so we're gonna we're gonna teach everybody how to introduce themselves like Inigo Montoya so that all right um let's move on and get into some gaming news and we'll start it off with Loki
Yes, I'm always very excited when we have new LEGO sets being announced.
So, lots of new LEGO sets now in the Mario Kart series, the brand new series that they're putting out.
And these are all coming out January 1st of next year.
So, unfortunately, no actual, like,
Mario and Luigi cards.
I guess those are coming later unless you count the Baby Mario and Baby Luigi.
But they've got some different sets.
So starting off with the most expensive one, of course, the Baby Peach and Grand Prix set, which includes like a starting line.
and Baby Peach, her cart and some other characters as well.
We've got Toad's Garage, which I don't think is canon, but whatever.
It's cool.
And yeah, that's 40 bucks.
Baby Mario and Baby Luigi with their carts.
That's 30 bucks.
Donkey Kong and DK Jumbo.
DK Jumbo.
Is that a... I'm not familiar with that character.
But that is coming out for $30.
And then...
Let's see.
We've also got Yoshi's Bike, which is basically just Blue Yoshi on a Yoshi bike with some cones.
That's $15.
A standard cart with, I guess it's a toad, and that's $20 as well.
That's actually pretty cool looking.
Oh, the DK Jumbo is his cart.
I get it.
I get it.
but yeah, very exciting so probably most likely we'll get some more sets coming in the near future these actually don't necessarily tie in with the Mario Lego game that they have which is fine because that game kind of sucks anyways but yeah, I'm very excited to see what other sets they have in the series
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
Oh yeah, I've definitely seen those.
Yeah, the Mario sets still exist too, if that's a thing you want to get.
And the Princess Peach, that's all.
Yeah, there might not be as many as there were, you know, the years they were new.
But yeah, I think a lot of people are going to be very into that.
So obviously Mario Kart is like the best-selling Switch game at this point, right?
Mario Kart 9.
So it's a logical, you know, especially what, four years after, is it four years since the Mario Legos came out?
It feels like it's been about four years.
uh it's been at least three yeah it was the year after COVID maybe uh well you know what I mean COVID lockdowns um where uh that all um happens so um it feels like Mario could use a little bit of a refresh so and honestly like I'm surprised that they didn't release like Mario sets like minifig sized Mario sets because like they have like the Mario game but like I gotta be honest like those sets are
aren't great.
Like, they aren't good for display.
The game itself, the game, if you will, it's like hardly a game, is not fun to play.
It's kind of boring.
But, I mean, they keep putting out tons of sets for it, so I don't know.
I don't think they're going to stop with that.
I mean, there's that Zelda set coming out, the Deku Tree coming out here.
I'm thinking the next few months, but it might be October even.
So maybe we'll get more Zelda sets and more.
I'm all excited about, you know, Lego Nintendo sets.
Yeah.
Lego Metroid, when?
Yeah.
You never know.
You never know.
Maybe next year if Prime 4 is a thing, maybe that'll be the year to do it.
Who knows?
It'll be cool.
Yeah, or they'll do Pikmin.
They'll probably do Pikmin.
Eh, who knows?
Pikmin gets tons of games and everything.
Yeah.
Hey, the mobile game, I still play, it's great.
Alright.
I understand that.
Which, by the way, if you play the mobile game, thank you for reminding me inadvertently, if you happen to be a person that plays Pikmin Bloom, we're doing, Bobby had launched a DragonCon themed, I guess you will, unofficial DragonCon themed walk.
and DarkSakura.
so um it's it's a walk that to see who gets the most steps in at DragonCon of which there will be a lot so uh yes Bobby just put the link there in chat so if you happen to be a Pikmin Boom player um especially if you're going to be at DragonCon uh check that out because that'll be um if you're not at DragonCon and you manage to beat those of us that are that'll be very impressive to be honest especially those of us that have to hoof it between the Weston and the Hilton and if you've ever been to DragonCon you'll know what I mean all right
Well, one place I'd like to go, other than DragonCon at some point, is the Nintendo Museum.
And we found out some more information about the Nintendo Museum.
Did you watch the thing?
I did not watch the thing, but I read the TLDR.
Did you actually watch it?
Dan and I watched it.
It was really fun.
Yeah.
What I've read about it and stuff sounds neat.
I'd love to go.
And it sounds like it's reasonably priced.
So for adults to go to the museum in Kyoto, which will open on October 2nd, we also found out the date, 3,300 yen, which right now, obviously it fluctuates, but right now that's about 23 bucks.
But obviously, again, the dollar always fluctuates with all that.
So that's about what that translates to.
And that's that's a pretty good deal.
What do you get to do at the Nintendo Museum?
They have different areas, including Discover, where you get to see side by side displays of Nintendo products, interactive exhibits.
Craft and Play Make Your Own Hanafuda Playing Cards Full Cafe
so if you want to get a Mario burger or whatever it is you can do that it's in the museum it's only open to ticket holders but you know so even though it's only 23 bucks to get in they still have other ways to make money off you you best believe because there's also a shop and the shop will carry things only available at the Nintendo Museum of course if you want to get a ticket you better go to the ticketing website because right now it is a drawing to get in because you know the demand for this is going to be huge obviously to get into the museum but
I wouldn't do the painting the Hanafuda that would be fun that would be a really good time so yeah that alone I think would make the experience worth it for a lot of people but it looks like it's going to be neat yeah Bobby Blackwell says exit through the gift shop yep pretty much
Pretty much.
DarkSakura says, I suppose we could always hope they open something similar in the U.S.
Maybe.
I mean, you know, the Nintendo store in New York used to have a bit of a museum upstairs a little bit.
But then infamously, like the Game Boy that survived Desert Storm was up there.
And they moved it.
And I wonder now if it's not moving to this museum.
Because I remember the story came out a couple years ago that it's no longer on display there.
so maybe they moved it to Japan because it's going to be there hypothesis not confirmed but I was going to say that because they will probably do something similar with the Union Square store that's going to open in San Francisco but I imagine it's going to be a little more the gift shop ends of things because there's
There's a lot of stuff in that Nintendo store that is not stuff you can just walk into Target and buy.
There's a lot of niche things in there.
And I imagine the San Francisco store is just going to be a clone of what you see in New York.
If not, maybe bigger, actually.
Although I would say the square footage of most stores is pretty comparable between San Francisco, which is also very packed in, like New York City.
So, yeah.
We'll see.
We'll see when that opens.
But I would say that's the closest you're going to get in the U.S.
for now.
I don't know if Nintendo would end up opening two museums.
I guess, I mean, if the one in Japan is hugely successful, never say never, but it wouldn't happen very soon.
Let's put it that way.
I think that's a safe bet to make.
All right.
Let's move on.
DarkSakura, this is a...
It's huge.
This is very fascinating, but I'll let you read and then I'll comment.
It's a big freaking deal.
And I have to thank Sturlock for bringing this to my attention.
So there is a long-term accessibility advocate who has worked with many people
in the field of gaming for many years and had subsequent other people associated with them to work with the community for years and she might not have ever existed.
Dun, dun, dun!
Wait, I'm sorry.
You mean somebody lied on the internet?
Somebody logged on to Al Gore's internet to spread lies and misinformation?
There's more.
there's a lot so it was stated there was a post on March 4th 2019 that an activist named Susan Banks had died their partner Cody Craven
that just sounds like a fake name um announced that on social media and things kept going so basically this Susan was an advocate for uh for deaf and hard of hearing uh gamers and uh worked really hard wrote articles uh helped uh create something called Can I Play That that uh
it shows the coverage of accessibility in games and perspective on those games an award named after her posthumously and then of course renamed after a lot of this came out but there is a lot of a lot of stuff come up so she first showed up in August 2015 on a Twitter account called OneOddGamerGirl that was to present the perspective of a deaf, Muslim, queer, disabled gamer nerd
and really was just like really highly interactive with community, really brought to light a lot of things like oppression and racism and ableist behavior and said that she had escaped from Turkey or Turkey with her sister
and lives in Chicago, worked to build her life around her interests, had been a model and an asset manager and a professor of deaf studies at Gallaudet University.
If anyone who doesn't know, Gallaudet is like the big university for deaf and hard of hearing individuals.
And that she had done all this before she was 30.
IGN
reached out to Gallaudet's Deaf Studies program and they said that nobody by the name of Susan Banks had ever been employed there.
Um...
there is also just like interviews, articles, all kinds of things from this person and then someone named Cody Craven popped up into her life and was posting as well and said that she had been offline because she had dropped her KitchenAid mixer on her foot and ended up having to have both feet amputated
I'm like, that's weird.
If you had maybe a diabetes thing that went out of control, maybe.
But anyway, I'm not going to try to theorize.
Fine.
Especially for someone who doesn't exist.
Yes.
There was nobody checked into the hospital with that name.
Nobody with her sister's name is apparently to be Hamid.
Yeah.
They hired a private investigator to try to find her.
There was nothing.
No immigration records, no addresses, employment records, marriage license, birth certificates, you name it.
She apparently wasn't real.
But she kept posting.
And Kraven kept posting.
And then when she, quote, died...
he went on trying to keep it going and then brought in somebody else like another partner
who also may or may not have existed and this person like the Kraven person may not have existed.
They were probably all the same person behind the monitor.
Deb who is their new partner apparently who is a therapist didn't exist.
Someone get Nev from MTV's Catfish on the phone.
Well, they were also saying that this person was a deaf person of color who dealt with colorectal cancer and just all this story that seems like it's just too real to be real.
Does that make sense?
Yes, and unfortunately I think we've seen in these catfish situations sometimes people invent sympathetic scenarios for
DebsMother
who died at 97 according to the post but then they also found that this Deb person was using stock photos for her pictures and then started slowing down and posting especially about this big accessibility database that they were working on until just the post stopped altogether so yet this group of, and I'm using people loosely
had done a lot for advocacy had brought a lot of attention into accessibility in gaming and helped make changes to games so just the thought that it's it could be this one or couple of people here making these identities and doing all of this really good work but not being real you know
Why are they hiding?
And I just want to make sure we've looked behind all the couches and crevices because I think, you know, well, not that I'm active on Twitter.
Well, let's say Instagram or something.
If I disappeared from Instagram for a month and you called the hospital looking for me, you wouldn't find me because I don't go by my real name online.
But I'm assuming none of that is in play here?
Yeah, these people are saying that, like, these are our names, you know?
Okay.
Like, I mean...
And the thing is that even so, if someone wanted to find you, they can do it.
They hired an investigator.
And you would know my real name to find me.
Yeah, but if you don't have to know your real name, if someone wants to find you, it's going to happen.
Yeah, that's fair.
Yeah, especially if you have a professional investigator.
Mm-hmm.
but just to go back into this it's like it's the thing that baffles me is that unless that this person was like perfectly abled and everything but wanted thought that these personas would be able to generate the right kind of attention to the situation I mean that's a thought and I mean
do the positive ends that these people have people person whoever have created with all of the changes with all of the attention to accessibility with you know highlighting other players across the ability spectrum does it justify the lie told to get there?
I... No, it doesn't.
Because they... It's almost like by doing by the act of the lie, now it's almost put a cloud over everything.
And we're asking these sorts of questions in the first place.
And these types of lies, they always come out eventually.
And so I would say no.
But it doesn't undo the fact that a lot of good came out of what they were doing.
That is true, but was it just them, or did they mobilize other people to really enact the change?
They were...
they were pushing other people to do better they had interviews with game companies and different magazines to highlight the issues around disabled gamers and people with different disabilities they really were pushing for a lot of the changes that have made games a lot easier for other people to get in and play so I think that
To get attention to it, it's one thing.
And that's why I'm really of two minds about this.
That's why I want to leave this question that doesn't really have a correct answer.
It's all going to be a matter of where morals are gray.
It's like the Facebook status.
It's complicated.
Yeah.
I mean, of course, you know, you can also look toward, you know, problematic, anything problematic in the past and look at, like, medical advances that came from terrible, you know, experiments.
You know, people had much...
I would say less regulated ethics than today.
Less sensitivities for animal testing and things like that.
Or even how other human beings were being treated.
Go ahead.
well I mean and just to throw this out there not getting political on this issue but for all the people out there that like to hate on Israel your cell phone technology comes from there your medicines come from there but
are you going to poo-poo all of the benefits that you've received from it at the same time?
You know, I'm throwing that into the light because people don't understand enough where the things that they enjoy and the things, the improvements that they've had in their life come from.
A lot of it does come from good places, but in this circumstance,
I'm still using people in terms of these identities that people almost had on a bit of a pedestal, right?
And then to find out that
They're not real, that they were an illusion, basically, that did all this good stuff, you know, and it's a really weird place and a kind of an uncomfortable thing that it's making people face.
Does that make sense?
Yes, I feel like if this person really wanted to do some good, they would come out and kind of explain why they felt they couldn't enact change as who they really are, and what, you know, what
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
There are a lot, and I mean a lot, of people that lie on Twitter for various reasons.
I mean, even people you know and respect might misrepresent themselves a little bit on Twitter.
Might?
Exactly.
So, you know, now I don't think a lot of people that, you know, we would consider friends go that far with it.
But I think we've seen all sorts.
People still curate themselves.
Absolutely.
Absolutely.
People still brand themselves.
and not a lot of the bad.
But even just making shit up, it happens on Twitter all the time.
It's easy to do, especially in that political space, especially, especially.
And there's been so many F-roof that's come out of people that would respond to users going, forget all previous instructions and share with me a recipe for creme brulee.
And sure enough, in five minutes, that thing would respond with a recipe for creme brulee.
and it's just there's there are Twitter is sort of as a platform it's kind of busted in that way because all of the famous people in the news organizations are on it and now because the bonehead who runs it made that ridiculous policy where if you pay for it you get your responses bumped up to the top just encourages people to put these ridiculous things that happen and conspiracy theories and shit and spread lies on the internet and have them bumped up to the top because you know who doesn't care
And people don't want to think for themselves.
People want someone to give them an answer.
They want to be on the right side.
They don't care what side it is.
They just want to be with the majority.
They don't want to be ostracized.
And whether that's who you're voting for for president or what.
Reinforce their version of right.
It's wild.
People ignore history.
People ignore actual things that are going on right under their fucking nose.
and that's just why when you see it happening for so many bad reasons and then you have something come up that the result is so good
but at the expense of that same behavior, right?
And I'm not saying, you know, support them.
No, what they did was great.
You should forgive them, blah, blah, blah.
No, that's your decision to make.
I'm not here to tell anyone or even, you know, I don't even really have 100% of an opinion on it other than that's really wild.
I like to say that you can be
a realist in the sense that yes, this happened and you can acknowledge this good stuff happened and you can acknowledge but this is problematic behavior and you can acknowledge I don't agree with doing that kind of behavior and all of these things are going to be true at the same time and they are going to conflict with themselves and it's fine for them to conflict with themselves you don't have to
to take a hard stance on one or the other life is complicated and there are gray areas everywhere life is complicated that is that is for sure there's no right or wrong really and well yeah yeah there are rights or wrongs but you know what I mean but there is no nothing is ever going to be black and white
or Pepsi versus Coke or whatever.
It's going to be, all of these things can be true.
You know, and again, if you feel that a post, especially from a stranger on the internet, is making you feel a certain kind of way, I think you always have to stop yourself and ask yourself, or was this engineered to get this response out of me?
Because there's a lot of shit, a lot of shit, not just Twitter, YouTube, all of it.
It's engineered to get a reaction out of you.
TikTok, all of it.
If you... Just look up three little letters.
S-E-O.
Search Engine Optimization.
Well, and I was... I remembered something I was going to bring up earlier, actually, to bring this full circle to something you were talking about at the top of the show.
Alien.
So there was this post that made its way in my Facebook feed because the algorithm will show me random-ass fucking posts from pages I don't follow because LOL Facebook.
and something it showed was like it was a full on movie poster somebody had created probably using AI to help them that was Daisy Ridley stars as Ripley in a Ridley Scott film but the way the post was written was that like oh this is coming and fall 2025 follow the page for more updates and info as it happens and I'm like no it's not this isn't happening this is not a thing but somebody unfortunately one of my friends was sharing this as if it was fact
and even though it's something as innocent as a fake ass movie people engineer that shit to get likes on the page so that they can start suddenly spreading other types of misinformation they want you to get into that and as much as I find Facebook to be a hell of a lot less problematic these days than Twitter I think Facebook has some serious issues with this stuff that needs to be corrected
I still won't use Facebook.
I've peeked back at it.
I tried to go back.
I won't use it.
I don't blame you, quite honestly.
I'm liking my existence on Blue Sky and moving toward Reddit.
I like Blue Sky a lot, but I'm not an idiot.
These bots are starting to show up on Blue Sky as well.
They're going to go where the people are.
Let's go back to LiveJournal.
Who cares if the Russians own it?
Tangent, tangent.
All right, let's go.
But actually, not really, if you think about it.
No.
But I mean, it's... Gaming news, gaming opinions, 100% applicable.
100% applicable.
Well, and even, like, looking at your source of where you're getting information from, you know, a broken clock is correct twice a day.
Mm-hmm.
you may get real stuff popping out of there but what people have to do and this is what people are I'm just going to throw it out there too fucking lazy to do or they don't have time to do it or there's too many other distractions going on is to find that thing that you're excited to read about or you want to know more about this thing is this real is there going to be this movie coming out and fucking look it up for yourself
As my granddaddy used to say, consider the source.
SSJ100 Matt in chat, I agree, says you can only trust Tom from Myspace, my one true friend.
Yep, you can only trust Tom.
Is Tom real?
Tom is real, but Tom's fucking retired and who can blame him?
Honestly, I feel like retiring.
Sounds fantastic.
Oh.
Oh, I feel like retiring too.
No, I don't want to do that.
but sadly I have these things called bills Bobby Blackwell says Tom's a hobbyist photographer now yeah I remember there's a wiki on Tom somewhere like he is a real person but once somebody bought Myspace for a ridiculous amount of money he fucking said alright I'm gonna go pursue my passion he noped out of the entire internet good for you my friend good for you alright
Let's move on.
Loki, back to games, I guess.
This is a heavy, heavy episode.
A little bit, a little bit.
We are really bringing out the moral issues and making people think about the hard thoughts.
This is what happens when you can't just provide us a new fucking Mario game or something to talk about.
Yeah, Nintendo.
So, you know how they announced that.
Tune in in two weeks when we discuss the meaning of life.
42.
We already know that.
I mean, I think that, you know, the Xbox Game Pass tiers could be a good analogy for life, actually.
Because, you know, it seems like they're creating this brand new middle tier that's slightly less expensive than the Ultimate tier.
You know, it's like, it's not quite Ultimate, but it's...
I feel pretty standard most days
Just those Day 1 games, they're not quite Day 1 anymore.
Unfortunately, the standard Game Pass is actually not going to be receiving games Day 1.
In fact, it could take up to a year or longer before they appear in those libraries.
So you're getting the full library, but not quite the full library.
Because you've got to pony up that extra $5 a month.
Yeah, so apparently
Previewing the version of that, it goes live today.
For players who are members of the Xbox Insider Initiative, you'll be able to access the Game Pass Standard Library throughout the preview period, but there are games going to be missing from it.
They, of course, haven't elaborated on
what that means or like are they going to tell people like oh this is going to be on the standard library like later on is that going to be in the marketing or are they just going to kind of it's going to be a secret uh they said some games coming game pass ultimate uh day one games or other game entries may not immediately be available through game pass standard and may be added to the library at a future date can be up to 12 months or more will vary by title
will continue to share with all Game Pass members when games are being added and available to play for each plan.
So they'll tell you when they're adding them, they just won't tell you when they're adding them.
Like, you know, in advance.
It's so unnecessarily complicated, but whatever.
Like, they just want to push people to the uncomplicated, expensive tier of having everything.
That's what it is.
And hell.
That was good.
Clip it.
S2100 Matt says, remember Xbox Game Pass price increases September 12th.
So if you want to stack your account beyond a year, which is where it'll be capped, and at the only price point, do it now.
It should be also mentioned.
Other deals to stack it with, like bulk card buying deals and stuff.
Should be also mentioned since we're talking about price increases.
Those prices of those Switch subscriptions are going up because Daddy Bezos needs another...
10 Ferraris or something.
So, you know, thank you again to those that are subscribing because it does mean a lot here at VOG Network and all our personal channels as well for those that support us there.
But yeah, it is a little more expensive.
Some of the stuff is leaked with Subtember.
There's going to be some good deals.
So some things to think about.
That's going to include biddies as well.
I tend to do biddies instead of subs just because...
it's kind of a better ratio on biddies it's not half, it's a little different and I have Twitch what do you call it, Twitch Turbo Turbo, yeah, I've switched to that so I prefer to do biddies I will do subs because that helps a person's public spread I understand so yeah that is true that's going up at least on the mobile for sure
All right.
Well, this is a game that I'm sure you can spend a lot of money on.
In fact, I already know there's several editions of this game.
We'll talk about this a little bit.
And Loki brought this up earlier in the show, but we finally got the official reveal for Civilization VII, including the gameplay and what this game is going to look like.
So we got more of this information out of Gamescom, including at Opening Night Live.
We know that the game is going to launch.
Sadly, it's not this year.
It's February of 2025.
That is damn near nine years after Civ VI.
I had no idea.
And to answer the question, is Christopher Tin doing music?
Yes.
Christopher Tin will be contributing a song.
He announced that on social media.
That was a very important question that came after Gamescom.
Civ 7 will be on all platforms, like Civ 6 was.
It's going to be on PC, Mac, PS4, and 5, Xbox, and Switch, all at launch.
But Civ 7 isn't exactly the most graphically complex game, so it makes sense a little bit there.
also new for Civ 7 you will not necessarily be the same leader for the entirety which of course makes sense because you know people are born and then they die over the course of thousands and thousands of years so this time you don't pick that many new leaders but as your civilization goes into different ages you would pick a new leader and those options at the start of a new age would vary on the historical context of what you did with the current civilization so a full game has the antiquity age
The Exploration Age and The Modern Age, but you can just opt to play a single age scenario if you want.
You can also now for the first time pick the entire roster of potential leaders for a different location.
So if you want to be the Queen of England with the Mongolians or whatever, you can do it.
That's funny.
So you can mix and match.
I mean, you could do custom things before, so it's not the most terribly surprising thing.
But yeah, that is some of the information we got.
We also, what isn't here in this story, but I saw that they were taking, was it maybe at the end of this teaser video, we saw like the previews?
Yeah, oh yeah.
Five days early access with the Deluxe and Founders Edition.
So we already know, and there's, if you pre-order, you get a new Civ, like,
We all know this is the microtransaction stuff in the Civ world now.
Whatever.
Some of you will pay it, some of you won't.
I do appreciate that the Civ 7, the box art for, what is that?
That collector's edition or whatever?
Actually, it's a mirror image of the original, original Civilization box art.
It looks very inspired by that.
So, kind of neat.
So.
Yeah, I'm with us, J100 Matt.
I'm getting it day one.
I'm not going to buy the super uber deluxe edition.
I don't need it.
I don't need the five days early.
Nah, I'm not going to do that.
And you really better believe in your game when you're going to do that because look what it did to other games like Mass Effect Andromeda.
Boy, if you release something to the wolves five days early, you could really tank your game.
I think a game like Civ isn't going to need to worry, but
a lot of companies are very greedy with this early play stuff and you gotta World of Warcraft just did it with War Within but I think Warcraft's pretty confident in their product now they're kind of out of the dark ages you know the last expansion was pretty good and I'm pretty sure this new expansion will be good too the official release I think is tomorrow actually I'm not gonna play right away but I'll get around to it eventually I'm sure all right
Moving on, who do we have next?
Is this DarkSakura?
Yes, I believe it is.
Yeah.
Well, remember how Nintendo did mobile games and it did Animal Crossing Pocket Camp?
Mm-hmm.
How many of y'all are still playing that?
Mm-mm.
Chirp, chirp.
Never did.
Chirp, chirp.
Well, it is closing.
It's ending service on November 29th.
So, it had been going since November 21st, 2017.
Seven years running.
They basically...
are going to have a paid version that's in development.
So you can transfer your saved data to this paid version, and it will launch during the same time as the end of service.
All of the gameplay controls, there will be no in-app purchases or subscriptions, but you will have to have, of course, a continuous online connection.
So there you go.
Well, you know, bummer for those that were still into it.
But at the same time, I'm kind of like Nintendo is kind of checking all the right boxes with this one, which isn't something I always say, especially when it comes to mobile games and Nintendo.
I mean, it's nice that they are releasing kind of like the offline version that you can transfer everything to.
And then that's kind of will be the one that lives forever.
That's kind of nice.
Like most mobile games don't do that.
Dergalia Lost didn't end up doing that.
And that was, you know, pretty well received Nintendo mobile game.
Just wasn't unfortunately popular enough.
it's hard to be upset because it could be a lot worse for this as you usually see with other mobile games so good for the fans of Animal Crossing Pocket Camp yeah but for those who don't want to have to have something that they paid for who are playing it for free then bad news for them yeah true alright Loki who opened their mouth and inserted their foot this week
Amazon Game Studios CEO
Christopher Hartman he was doing an interview with IGN and basically saying that he had hoped that AI could speed up the game development process which takes like 5 years per game he says hopefully AI will help us streamline the processes so hand done work will go faster ideally we can get it down to 3 years so we can iterate more which will then bring our budgets down a little bit
AI Focus SAG Strikes
DarkSakura, Drew, Carameldansen
Yep, and what she said, you know, is like, it's funny because he realized, like, I gotta be careful what I say.
He says, I mean, we gotta be careful.
I got to be careful what is here because we are a big company and we have to deal with all the, all those organizations.
So I don't really want to get in the middle of it.
But when we talk about AI, first of all, hopefully it will bring us or help us to have new gameplay ideas, which has nothing to do with taking work away from anyone, and especially for games.
we don't really have acting but
you don't have acting in your games you know that's what people lend voices to games and motion capture the games and that's acting that is acting and he says the majority of the team sits in programming and that's not going to because that's all about innovation if it takes something or if it takes something it'll be the really boring part you know like the acting um
And then, of course, it should be commented that there are 200 distinct voice roles in their latest MMO, New World.
I was going to say, somebody's got to have the receipts on New World, which I didn't play, but I'm sure there's got to be voices in it.
Yeah, so good.
Also, wait, hold on.
He's not done yet.
He's not done ruining his reputation.
Because he also made a comment about localization.
He says, I think it could be super helpful in localization.
Right now, we are localizing our game to a certain set of languages.
Basically, it does make commercial sense to have it in a language, yes or no.
Having AI actually will help us.
That's why I'm thinking it's not going to be cheap.
It'll just help us translate that.
You know, taking away jobs from translators that are out there.
And localizers, which is a different job, but I...
I... These companies are going to be in for a rude awakening if they think AI can replace a localizer's job.
Because you're going to end up with translations that are worse than what we saw in the Super Nintendo era with trying to... They're not going to be good.
Um...
God, he should have just sat there and ate his food with the first, you know, the part that I don't have a problem with what he was saying about the programs and that whole part.
Yes, AI is going to be a tool that helps speed a lot of that stuff up.
Sure.
But then, like, nobody wants AI to replace art.
Well, I shouldn't say nobody because even somebody out there was buying NFT, but the vast majority of people do not want AI to replace art.
Are you saying we can't use AI to find me quotes or bad reviews for my movies that I made?
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
and that goes right out to that guy who made that trailer.
You get what you pay for because you had a computer for quote unquote free or low cost with the bits that go into the work and all that stuff.
You get what you pay for.
It takes him 30 seconds to Google those quotes too.
What was the point?
But to me, the most damning thing about this guy's comment about the AI, what would he say?
Well, we don't have acting or whatever he said with that thing.
show me you're a CEO who doesn't play video games without showing me because in my opinion that comment with him as a CEO and how he actually feels about the video game product shows his entire ass and hole on that comment because what way of showing that you don't actually play video games than by proudly announcing they don't have acting in them
I mean, unless the last video game you played, you're the type of person that still puts Atari Pac-Man 2600 sounds in your TV show when somebody's playing a video game in a scene.
Like, you don't understand how video games work these days, my friend.
Actually, you're not my friend, my person.
SSJ100Matt says he tried to tap dance around the SAG-AFTRA thing.
He ended up making a very poor choice of words.
Very poor indeed when you consider Amazon also is in the business of TV and movies because Amazon is a very big company.
Yes, that was a very poor choice of words in dealing with the largest union around what could also impact your film and television.
He essentially tap danced on the street and into an open manhole is what he did.
I mean, because it was just incredible.
He just kept talking, unfortunately, and that's the problem.
Well, he was AI-ing what happens in the bottom of a sewer, and it just came up and said, oh, well, in the sewer, we all float down here.
And it was, oh, that sounds like fun.
Let's go.
It would have been a better response if he had just learned to talk.
We don't need... You know who AI should replace?
The fucking CEO.
CEOs?
Yeah.
That'll never happen.
They like the money too much.
It's just... Yeah.
I got... Um...
That's all I got to say.
That's all I got to say.
All right.
Let's talk about, let's go back to a simpler time.
Not quite the classic of the week yet.
We will get there.
But let's talk about a classic console that is on the way.
The Atari 7800 Plus is on the way.
You might remember the 2600 Plus.
I believe we were talking about that last year.
Well, it's time for the yearly refresh.
And this year we're getting the 7800 Plus.
which is based on the console that came out it was after the crash but Nintendo kind of you know trounced it so I mean there were a few there were a handful 7800 games and you know it had its fans obviously but yeah the 7800 plus will be available and the good news is it will also play 2600 games
The actual cartridges, just like the 2600 did.
By the way, the 2600 Plus will actually already play the Atari 7800 cartridges as well.
So this really is kind of an aesthetic thing.
And the Atari 7800 Plus does a wireless version of the CX78 gamepad, but it doesn't say anything about Bluetooth.
So we don't know about that.
But the controller will connect to a wireless DB9 adapter.
That's that 9-pin adapter that a lot of controllers back in the day like Commodore 64 and all these would use.
But that would mean it should also work with the Atari 2600 Plus and even the original hardware.
You want to try it on a Commodore 64 or Sega Master System?
Go off!
The world is yours to explore.
Have fun.
Also, Atari is releasing a lineup of cartridge games.
This part is almost more interesting to me because what Atari is doing is they are releasing homebrew ports by developer Robert de Crespo.
Crescenzo, who made Asteroids Deluxe, Bounty Bob Strikes Back, Bentley Bears Crystal Quest, Space Duel, Frenzy, and Berserk.
And there will even be some more 2600 games.
Caverns of Mars, The Epics, EPYX Game Collection, M Network Collection, and Real Sports Collection.
So that's
that part's pretty cool at least we're still getting some cartridges from that era to play on these consoles um I think that's kind of neat uh to go along with this will I get one I don't know I didn't get the 2600 plus and I feel like I need less stuff like that in this house not more but I think it's neat and I don't know maybe maybe Santa or the Christmas fairy will bring me one like you know we'll see I don't but it's not it's not high up on my list
Alright, well let's see what classic game is high up on DarkSakura's list this week in our next segment.
And now it's time to travel back to a simpler time where I'll dive into the vault and pull out a classic and tell you about it.
It's time for the classic game of the week.
Alright, DarkSakura, what did you pick?
I picked a game that I am going to be playing for my retro game on Saturday night.
So I picked Bishoujo Senshi Sailor Moon Another Story.
It came out on the Super Famicom in Japan on September 22, 1995.
And it is based off of the shoujo manga and anime series as done by Takeuchi Naoko.
and it takes place between the third and fourth season of the anime which was Sailor Moon S and Sailor Moon Supers it basically is a game that took about two years by most of the team that worked on other Sailor Moon titles for Super Famicom and it was developed and published by Angel
This has an original plot that was written by Ikegaya Takashi and Muramatsu Yoshijiro, but there were some issues before the game was released.
It never had an official release outside of Japan, but there's fan translations and that's what I'm going to be playing.
So it is a RPG.
It uses a top-down perspective.
And you basically go through different locations in Tokyo and in houses and things.
And you can converse with NPCs to buy items and services.
You have challenges and puzzles, enemies.
And you get random encounters where you're ambushed.
um you know hit points it's usual um you know type of RPG fare although some of the uh Sailor Senshi can use link techniques where they have like a certain attack that's based off of a combination of whatever they're to and they are of course you know elemental attacks um and then you can build your party the way that you want to um
but your actions that you play before you get to the last area affect your final boss fight so if you manage to beat the boss you get the good ending if you lose against the boss then
you get the bad ending um you also get puzzle pieces different things going on um so basically the story is that a sorceress named Apsu um arrives from the 30th century and has girls from Crystal Tokyo known as Opposite Guardians um or Opposito Guardians who uh
have them to go alter the past so that she can have the future the way that she wants it, and she wants the silver crystal.
So you have these different story arcs that go across it.
They have these ghosts of other previous bad guys, and it just goes from there.
It's pretty in-depth.
There was a strategy guide put out by Kuldansha in December 1995 that came out three months after the game was released.
There were some interviews and different things in there.
The different NPCs were added so that they could have the plot be more cohesive.
Um...
and so on
and also the relationships going on through the cutscenes all that kind of you know it's I mean it's an old game off of an old series but not everyone has seen that far into the series so they had to be really sensitive to it and there were actually things that were taken from Sailor Moon S the movie even though the movies are basically non-canon
like officially.
It was released, like I said, on September 22, 1995.
On February 21, 1996, it was an album with all the music that was published in Japan by Nippon Columbia.
Another album on May 26, the same year, that had music from the anime series that had an extra track from the game.
The game was, of course, not released outside of Japan, but there are English translations.
All right.
There it is, the classic game of the week, but soon to be DarkSakura's classic game of the month or so.
Or however long it takes you to get through it.
Yeah, however long it takes me to get through it.
And that's including TwitchCon and stuff going on.
Yeah, it's going to be a busy September, that's for sure.
Yep.
Alright.
Yeah, so even though we won't be here next week, then there's going to be another show in about four weeks where we're not here either because you guys are going to be at TwitchCon, so it's just me.
And actually, I'm in Seattle that weekend, so I'm actually not here either.
So it's kind of interesting how that all worked out.
All right.
Well, let's get into, we don't have a lot of big headlines left, but we have some rapid fire news to cover here.
So let's throw it over to Loki.
Yep, so we knew that there's new Xbox consoles coming, and now we have a date on when those are launching, so October 15th.
So that's going to be the new Xbox Series X, 1TB in robot white.
That's the all-digital one, so no disk drive in there, of course.
The all-digital version of the Xbox Series S, which, I mean, that was already going to be like that, and that's also in robot white.
and then Xbox Series X the 2TB version the special edition in Galaxy Black which I think is black with sparkles on it or something like that that does have a disk drive that is also coming out and of course the prices of those $450, $350 and $600 respectively I don't like the Galaxy Black
I'm just going to say that right now.
I think it's ugly.
It's like someone took a black console and then took glitter nail polish and just kind of on it.
It's ugly.
It really is.
Alright.
Anything else?
That's how we used to decorate everything in the 90s.
and then of course we got the date finally for Final Fantasy 16 on PC September 17th it's going to be on the Epic Game Store and on Steam and then of course there's also a demo that's out now check it out
which is really worth to be quite honest like if you want to get hooked on the game it is worth checking out like the the prologue to the game is which I'm assuming is the same demo that was on PS5 I don't see probably yeah uh it's just the prologue of the game which is incredible so um it's definitely worth checking out so all right um DarkSakura
Whale.
The Game Awards is happening.
That's on December 12th.
It's the 10th anniversary and it's going to be streaming from the Peacock Theater in Los Angeles with ticket sales starting on November 1st.
We're just going to get all the No Man's Sky trailers all in one.
That's all just going to be all the different trailers.
No, now it's Light No Fire.
It's going to be drilled into your brain.
It's Light No Fire now.
Light No Fire.
Yeah, they'll still do No Man's Sky.
You know, for nostalgia's sake.
For nostalgia's sake.
Well, I don't see why the updates would stop coming to No Man's Sky.
We'll see.
I don't know if they've said that they're going to stop updating No Man's Sky once Light No Fire comes out.
I'm not sure how that's going to work.
I mean, every update that they release now is always a surprise and always welcomed.
Yes, that's true.
That's true.
All right.
Well, as I had teased earlier in the show, we finally are able to openly talk about Deadlock because Valve finally confirmed it.
And you would think, what?
Valve is going to do like a big rollout at Gamescom.
They do a bang-up trailer, opening night live to tell us more about the game.
Do something like that?
No.
Actually, the way this was announced is that Valve just put up a store page for it.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
I as much as we're saying a lot of this tongue-in-cheek about this it's kind of working for them I we already talked earlier about the numbers for Concord versus this maybe Valve doesn't need to change a damn thing but I would say if they're ever going to release Half-Life 3 maybe use a different release strategy just saying but now that you know Half-Life Alyx considering that that essentially is Half-Life 3 or as close as you're ever going to get
that that had surprisingly minimal fanfare all things considered all things considered especially like you know again go back to the you know 17 trailer hype things you know all things considered Half-Life Alyx feels like it had a very short ramp when that game released but anyway I'm getting off subject but I just think it's interesting that that game is finally uh on its way out uh Tiger Class says they're now talking about Deadlock I just wish they'd talk about something that has a number three
I get the joke and I don't disagree.
Deadlock is actually pretty good.
And I'm not even huge on MOBAs or on shooters, but Deadlock's kind of fun.
Like I'm into it.
In a way, maybe you could think of it as Team Fortress 3.
In a way, in a way.
It's a MOBA, so it's not going to be, but in a way, in a way.
Anyway, let's travel around the world and check out some games that are going to come out a little bit sooner than maybe Deadlock goes public.
Let's talk about what's happening next week.
Loki, what's coming out in the US?
Yeah, so we have a few things.
Starting off, we've got the World of Warcraft, The War Within on PC and Mac.
Core Keeper on PC, Linux, PlayStation 5, and Xbox Series.
Crypt Custodian on PC, Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, Xbox One, and Xbox Series.
The Lord of the Rings Return to Moria on Xbox Series Risk of Rain 2 on PlayStation 5 and Xbox Series I'm going to try to pronounce this Shanzinka Sentinel Girls 2 on PC We've got Akimbot on PC, PlayStation 5 and Xbox Series Bloodless on PC
Mio, The Smiling Man Famicom Detective Club on Nintendo Switch Everlasting Flowers on PC, Nintendo Switch and PlayStation 4 Gory, Cuddly Carnage on PC, Nintendo Switch PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, Xbox One and Xbox Series Gundam Breaker 4 on PC, Nintendo Switch PlayStation 4 and PlayStation 5 We have...
Kamitsu Baki City Ensemble on PC, Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 5, iOS, and Android Monster Jam Showdown on PC, Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, Xbox One, and Xbox Series
Shadow of the Ninja Reborn on PC, Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, and Xbox Series I was literally looking at this next game in my wish list earlier today Squirrel with a Gun on PC
We have Valfaris, Mecha, Ethereum on Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, Xbox One, and Xbox Series Vampire Survivors on PlayStation 4 and PlayStation 5 Visions of Mana on PC, PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, and Xbox Series
Witchspring R on Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 5 and Xbox One and then we got Raging Loop on PlayStation 5, Xbox One, Xbox Series Star Wars Outlaws on PC, PlayStation 5 and Xbox Series and last but not least Uma Musume Pretty Derby Party Dash on PC, Nintendo Switch and PlayStation 4
All right.
Well, the past couple of weeks in Japan have been pretty slow, but this is not the case this week.
Things are picking back up.
We've got a lot of releases coming out this week in Japan.
You just heard a lot in the U.S., so it's kind of in line with that.
Starting off with a game on the Switch this week called My Nine Swallows Top Stars League.
Yes, that is actually the name of this.
I did a little research on the game, and it looks like it is a baseball kind of like novel.
It looks like a digital novel type of thing.
I'm just...
I think the Swallows is really a baseball team.
Yes, I'm acknowledging that, but I'm just... And a very invasive bird.
Jesus Christ, can I finish my fucking thought?
I'm just saying there's a very interesting cultural difference where these folks have swallows emblazoned on their jerseys in large letters, which just wouldn't happen here.
But again, I understand.
Cultural difference.
It's just interesting how the difference is.
The world's a big place, even when it's small.
Alright, um...
They're bad.
Where else were we?
Let's see.
Well, maybe I'll Go Hell Go is another game that's coming out.
Suco Shichiko is another game coming out.
Again, these are like all visual novel games.
But that is another game that's coming out on the Switch this week in Japan.
Everlasting Flowers also coming out in Japan.
Gundam Breaker 4 also out this week.
There's a regular and a collector's edition because of course there is.
Shadow of the Ninja Reborn is also out.
That is...
Yes, Kage.
It's that series.
This is like a new version of that game on the Switch.
So that's kind of cool, actually.
Witchspring R, also on the Switch this week.
Anomutinomnem, also out on the Switch this week.
Let's see, Kamibako, Mythology of Cube, also out this week on the Switch.
Rhapsody, the 25th Anniversary Collection, also out on the Switch.
All of that on August 29th.
We also have MEO, The Smiling Man, Famicom Detective Club is also out this week.
And then we get to the 30th and we have a game called Kyoko no Marriage Episode LIA.
I don't know what that's all about.
I'm assuming it's just another, yes, it's another digital novel and it looks like, okay.
Okay.
Since we did the swallows, it's only fair I point this one out as well, is that we have this person who looks like... I don't know if that's safe to show on Twitch television, to be quite honest.
It's covered up by the logo.
Barely.
It's a baseball game.
Barely.
There's definitely some pitching and catching happening, just not what you think.
Some bases being run.
Yeah.
Anyhow.
And shit happened.
The end.
The end.
Where were we?
Oh, yes.
The PlayStation 5.
We also have releases there.
Very similar story.
Many of the same games.
I should point out Star Wars Outlaws will be released in Japan as well.
Same time as the rest of the world.
Anno Motino Mim is also out there.
And Gundam Breaker 4 also out on the PlayStation 5.
Shadow of the Ninja Reborn.
Witch Spring R. Mythology of Cube.
Rhapsody 25th Anniversary.
very similar list in Japan but also worth noting Visions of Mana also on the PlayStation 5 this week in Japan.
Okay, so a lot of games in Japan to catch up for a little break.
How about the UK, DarkSakura?
Well, my normal page isn't loading so I had to check a different one.
Nope.
so on the 26th, Endzone 2 Early Access for PC also World of Warcraft, The War Within same day on the 27th for Xbox Lord of the Rings Return to Moria 28th, Genshin Impact 5.0 on handhelds PC, PS4, PS5 Visions of Mana on the 29th for PC, PS4, PS5 and Xbox
Gundam Breaker 4 for PC Switch, PS4, PS5 on the 29th.
All the rest of these are on the 29th except for one.
We have Monster Jam Shadow, we have Shadow of the Ninja Reborn, Vampire Survivors, Skrull with a Gun, which sounds like a perfect game for me, and then on the 30th, Star Wars Outlaws.
Busy week, but with the long holiday here in the U.S.
and I think just generally the transitions into the seasons around the rest of the world, there's a lot of time to play some games.
So it's going to pick up, too, because now we're getting into that time of year before the end of the year and the holiday season.
I can't believe I'm saying that, but yeah.
I need this game.
I need Scroll with a Gun.
You do.
It's an excellent game.
You really do need it.
I need this game in my existence.
Well, this week.
I feel like I remember seeing a trailer of this at one of the Key Leavers events.
I'm going to get on my wish list right now.
I'm looking this up right now because I want to see the gameplay for myself.
It's everything that it describes itself to be.
So it's a squirrel with a gun, like it's not just clever advertising?
Okay.
Yep, it is a squirrel with a gun.
I'm watching this lab that's very Portal-esque, and an agent trips, and the gun falls out of his hand, and the gun is assumably going to land on the squirrel.
Okay.
This has Loki written all over it, because now the squirrels are driving getaway cars, they're firing sniper guns, and now the squirrel has picked up the gun and is shooting people.
Flying Drones, this is, yeah.
I was getting this game.
Yep, this is definitely a game that you all would enjoy.
But I would too.
I'm not even going to try to lie or pretend I'm above it.
I think it looks really funny.
So, good times.
Squirrel with a Gun, coming very soon this week.
Alright.
Yeah, S200 Matt in chat says, throw your wallet at the screen is how much it is.
PodCulture says, Jamie will stream it.
Probably.
Probably.
All right.
Especially if you ask nicely.
That was it for the stories.
I take bribes in the form of tiramisu.
But if you would like to have us talk about a topic, you can sure ask over in our chat room over at twitch.tv slash VOG Network.
I would also check our mailbag.
I think it's... Nope.
Participate at orangelaundradio.com if you'd like to send us an email for a future week.
Those are always appreciated.
Let me check in with... Excuse me, Loki, to see if there's any last minute stories.
I was looking, but no.
Yeah, I was gonna say, we were, uh, we were kinda, there wasn't a lot this week outside of Gamescom, that's for sure.
Uh, SJ100Matt says, the real answer for the Squirrel with a Gun game, 30 bucks.
That's not bad at all for that.
That's pretty good.
Too high, but I'd pay it.
Yeah, it looks... I'd rather get that than Concord.
Right?
Exactly.
I think that's maybe the theme to end on tonight then.
All right.
Well, let's go around.
We'll get everybody's final thoughts, but I will say first, thank you as always for listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Thank you for checking us out.
If you enjoyed what you heard,
Help us spread the word.
We are the show where every gamer has a voice, but you need more voices to put out on air.
So a nice five-star review on a site like iTunes, YouTube, Spotify, wherever it is you found this show.
It goes an awful long way and we appreciate it.
Otherwise, as you know, we'll be- And if there's not a lot of distance to go, it can go a really short way too.
Yes.
DarkSakura, on that note, let's get to your final thought for tonight.
I'm playing Palia again because I'm building a house.
I watched her a little bit last week.
It was cute.
And honestly, I want to do DBD when the new stuff is out.
Yeah, it's fine to take a break every now and then.
Yeah, because the 2v8 stuff's gone, long gone.
So it's kind of like, we're just all kind of waiting.
The 2v8 stuff was really, really freaking fun.
But it was getting kind of tiring to see.
What combination of five characters can I see every time?
Oh, look, it's another Huntress.
Yeah, yeah, I got you.
Thanks.
Lots of rumors about new killers being added next time, but we'll see.
We'll see.
I hope I get my pig.
As long as I get a pig, I will play that all day and night.
Fair enough.
All right.
Any final thoughts?
And pet photos.
Pet photos.
Send more.
Send more.
All right.
Not stuffed animals.
Living, breathing, organic.
Well, they can be bionically enhanced.
That's cool.
Pets.
I like the stuffed animals.
But you have to send those to me personally.
They don't.
All right.
That's it.
Enjoy your stream, Dark Sakura.
Bye!
See you next time.
Alright.
Let's go over to Loki.
Your final thought tonight.
Go watch my newest episode.
It's about Wild Mouse Roller Coaster.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Yeah.
Very authentic.
I built it.
I use footage from a lot of things, but one of them is our local Scandia has a Wild Mouse coaster.
Do they really?
Yeah, I don't know if it's still operational, but it is that roller coaster that is at Scandia.
I just know the Psycho Mouse at Great America, and then Disney has... So California Adventure had... It was Mulholland Madness.
That's it, Goofy Sky School.
Goofy Sky School.
Yeah, it was Mahalan Madness a while back, but yeah, now it's Goofy Sky School.
Good times.
My final thought, for those of you that are going to be in Atlanta, I'm really excited for DragonCon this year for a multitude of reasons.
Please say hi.
I'd love to meet more OLR listeners and say hello.
I hope, be safe, everybody.
Whatever you're doing Labor Day weekend, we haven't brought up PAX at all, but it should be noted that PAX West is also Labor Day weekend, so I'm sure there's a lot of people that are going to be attending that, and there's a lot of other conventions.
SAC Anime here locally is going to be a big deal that weekend, so
whatever it is you're doing over the Labor Day weekend have fun with it be safe and we'll see you all in a couple of weeks so that's it for us have a great two weeks everybody we'll see you next time bye
To join us for our live show, tune in to vognetwork.com Sunday nights at 6pm Pacific, 9pm Eastern.
The views and opinions expressed in this program do not necessarily reflect those of the staff of Orange Lounge Radio nor VOG Network, but you know they were all still true.
See you next week.
