Orange Lounge Radio
With your hosts, DarkSakura, Sky, and Loco.
Tonight, April 5th, 2009, Konami prepares to juggle two scary franchises,
most Oblivion DLC gets a price cut,
and have the release dates been leaked for highly anticipated Wii games?
Orange Lounge Radio
Hello everybody out there on the internet and welcome to another week of Orange Lounge Radio.
We are that video game show dedicated to video games,
video gaming, gaming culture, and the gamer lifestyle.
My name is Rob Roberts, joining you here every week,
as well as the one and only DarkSakura, Jamie Summers.
Yo, what up?
Good, how are you?
I survive.
You survive?
I survive.
And the souls of innocent children?
Yeah.
Okay.
Also joining us tonight, say hello to Techmaster Loki.
Hello.
How are you doing, Loki?
I'm doing fine.
Excellent.
And are you trying to Techmaster Justin.tv right now?
Yeah, because Justin.tv is getting that wonderful network error at server error,
which usually means, I just don't want to work today.
So I'm trying to load Flash Media Encoder 3 to see if that works.
Now even though we're not a video show, so we don't usually show video,
but we've kind of found a good niche for Justin.tv is that when we tape live,
because for some reason, some people can't get to all games radio
because it would be behind a firewall or what have you.
So I don't know.
But we do this video of a particular game that we'll be playing,
and tonight's game is what, Loki?
Ninja Blade.
Yeah.
And we do that video and then we do audio of the show.
Now soon, we're going to upgrade and have a little switch box,
and then we can switch back and forth between the camera and the game,
and that would be super.
It would be even cooler.
What would that be?
Picture in picture.
Picture in picture?
I don't know about that.
Now you're talking money.
Switch box, like $19.99.
You'd be surprised.
It's not as hard as you think.
We'll see.
Maybe for the future.
Joining us tonight, we do have a special guest.
I'm actually very excited because I didn't think we were going to have a special guest,
but he just kind of showed up last minute.
Boy, I'm happy he's here.
Say hello to Casper the Gay.
Who is now the doctor.
Oh, the doctor.
That's right.
I forgot.
How long ago did you change your name?
About six months ago.
A long time ago.
All right.
Well, Casper the Gay doctor is here.
Basically, yeah.
All right.
It still works.
How are you doing, Casper?
Awesome.
I'm really good.
I'm helping everyone with their medical problems.
Okay.
Ghost.
Excellent.
You're wearing a Legend of Zelda t-shirt today.
Yes, and a hat.
See, I got the Hyrule symbol and a hat.
Oh, look at you go.
I'm nerded out today for the show.
You are all.
I'll ask you real quick.
Legend of Zelda Spirit Tracks.
Yay or nay?
Keep in mind, this is a Zelda fanboy right here.
Absolutely nay.
Absolutely nay.
What are they doing?
It's just a sequel to the freaking game that came out in the DS.
That's all it is in.
Just a gimmick and people think, oh my God, the whole game is going to be like that.
No, they're just showing you what new stuff is going to be there.
Which is a disaster.
All right.
Well, we'll see.
I still like the whole Lynx on a train.
That's what it should have been called.
Listen to Zelda.
Lynx on a train.
What they should have done is every time that he, in the original game, every time that
he got on the boat, they would play the Lonely Island I'm on a Boat song because that would
be awesome.
Because believe me when I say, Lynx effed a mermaid.
I'm on a boat, you guys, in Hyrule, you guys.
I don't know.
Do you think they're going to sell a lot of copies of that?
Probably.
I mean, it's a Zelda title, so I'm sure, but it'll probably be boring.
And if it sells a lot, then, you know, they're going to do a sequel, Spirit Tracks 2, Lynx
on a Boat.
That one I would actually buy.
If it had...
Bustin' Octorocks with Bob Boomerang.
If it had T-Pain as a character only, though.
Oh, hell.
All right.
Let's get to how we always like to start the show off with a little bit of how is your
gaming week?
Dark Sakura, how was your gaming week?
I played stuff.
Actually, I played Pet Society on Facebook, which I've become oddly addicted to.
At least it's not Neopets.
Fuck no.
I played some more Cookie Wama on my phone, and then I didn't actually finish what I was
cooking, so whatever.
Mama fixed it.
And we ordered, we got something from Alpha eBay that arrived in perfect condition for
seven bucks.
The item was fine.
The box was nasty.
It had mildew and shit, but it was brand new.
We have a Capcom fighting stick for the Genesis.
Wow.
Why did you order that?
Because we have several Genes-i.
Geneses.
It was seven bucks, dude.
Why not?
Just impulse buy.
You didn't break it out to try anything with?
You didn't get old school championship edition or anything?
Well, we already have all that.
Alright, just checking.
Alright.
Oh, oh, oh.
And we got the FC Mobile.
Yeah, what is this all about?
The FC Mobile?
It's a handheld NES.
Uh huh.
That's really all it is.
I don't know how long the battery life is.
Dan played it more than me, but we played City and Legend.
The thing's gotta be somewhat big if you actually put an entire cartridge into it.
Is it about the size of an NES cartridge, the system?
About the width plus another two inches, yeah.
So it's not the Atari, like, where it has all the games inside it in the memory.
It's like...
You plug in your cartridge.
It's like a Game Boy, but it plays NES games.
That's amazing.
That's amazing.
It's called the FC Mobile.
They're like 40 bucks.
Wow, that's not bad.
And they're really light.
Is that because of the whole thing, like, the same reason they were selling the third
party NESs at E3 a few years ago, where it's something like the patent on the Nintendo
property expired, because it's been like 20 years?
Something like that, I want to say?
So would that mean that in a couple years we're going to start seeing like Super Nintendos
and Genesis start coming out and all these things?
You don't need to do a Genesis one, Rob.
I'm just saying.
Because of the Nomad.
Oh my god, Dan was hilarious, though.
Well, also the fact Sega repackages their games like 50 times over, but...
Dan was very hilarious about this, and if he hears it, he's going to be a little embarrassed,
but I don't care.
He was like, uh, I wonder if, um, if, you know, they're going to do a Super...
Because it was like you were just saying, if, you know, talked about doing a handheld
Genesis.
I was like, wait, wait, we have that, it's called the Nomad.
So I was like, yes, sweetie, pat, pat, pat.
Question from our chat room, chat.orangelaungeradio.com, because we are the show where every gamer
has a voice, so be heard, join our chat live on Sunday night.
Hitstun asks, how is the hardware, is the screen good?
Pretty good.
Pretty good.
I like it.
You don't have dead pixels?
No.
Well, that's good.
All right.
Well, let's move on then, if that's all that Dark Sakura has for her gaming week, we will
talk to Loki.
How was your gaming week?
Uh, first off, I'd like to mention, um, for our live listeners, Justin TV is up, I think.
Um, I don't know if it's working correctly, because I got a lot of errors that popped
up, so I didn't know if, uh, we were good or not, but it looks like we're good.
Okay.
Um, anyways, uh, I played a little bit this week, um, more Grand Theft Auto IV, Lost
in Dam, because we're still doing, you know, multiplayer and that, and, you know, my boss
playing the modded copy is still hilarious, uh, even though he can't win still with it,
but, you know, watching a bus rocket by and making a whoosh sound has got me cracking
up all the time.
Um, and then I played, uh, some WiiWare stuff, I actually played, um, Bit.Trip Beat, which,
it's okay until they thought, hey, it's a great idea, let's have, um, you know, little
blocks that are dark blue against a black background where you can't see them.
That's when I stopped playing the game, and, um, that was it.
Just FYI, Chad is giving us feedback that they can't hear us on Justin.TV right now.
They're not getting audio on there.
They're getting video, but no audio.
Eh, whatever.
You're just gonna have to run them both side by side, I don't know.
We'll figure it out.
We'll figure it out.
Eh, we're gonna, they don't have to do it for now.
Um, anyways, so, what else, let's see here, um, I also played another homebrew game that's
a demo for another game that I'd like not to mention on this show.
Let me just say it sucks as much as you would think it sucks, and the guy who made it is
a douchebag, and I think we know who we're talking about here, but we are not mentioning
his name, because that would be, um, wrong.
And then, um, my wife started playing Excite Truck again, to, in preparation for, uh, Excite
Bots Trick Racing, so, uh, very excited by that, um, she is.
And then, what else did I play?
I think that's pretty much it.
I got a lot of stuff that I was going to play, but I didn't get to play a lot of it.
Oh, I checked out that stupid, I think we talked about it last week, the Kamasutra DS
thing.
It's funny.
That's about it.
And then, um, yeah, that's it.
I have a Rhythm Tengoku, or, Rhythm Heaven, I guess, to try out, and then, uh, more, uh,
Pagel DS, because that's fun.
Uh, it looks like I may have fixed the audio on Justin.tv, because I'm a superstar.
You did?
Yes.
Because it got unplugged?
Uh, yeah, I guess somehow the little grey connectors weren't the ones in the converter
box, the regular ones were.
Oh.
Yeah.
I think we fixed it.
I don't know, nobody in Justin.tv is confirming, so, I don't know, we'll find out in a minute.
Wait, which one did you put in there?
Go look!
Alright.
This is terrible radio.
But we'll have you, uh, if the audio is working, we'll have you walk us through Ninja Blade
in just a minute here.
Uh, let me talk about my gaming week, though, which, um, you know, not too exciting.
Not a lot of new stuff in my gaming week this week.
Just kind of revisited a lot of old stuff.
Like, I actually went back to the Wii myself, and went back to Wii Fat, and played that
for a little bit, because, you know, I wanted to see, I know I've been gaining weight since
I was, like, sick last year, and I wanted to see how much.
So now you weigh 20 pounds.
Oh, shut up.
Uh, so I went back and played that for a little bit, and, uh, EO was playing some of the old
school classics on there, like, uh, Legend of the Mystical Ninja and all that stuff.
Cool, cool.
And, um, let's see, went over to PlayStation 3, was playing a little bit more Flower, because
I remember there was that trophy that you get if you revisit it after not playing it
for a week, and it's been, like, a month.
So I wanted to go get that, and, uh, played some of the levels, and was showing it to
some friends, like, you know, look how pretty this game is, because it is a very pretty
game.
And went back to, uh, Home, because if there's one thing that'll always crack people up,
it's looking at the dancing in Home, because you can do the Cabbage Patch, and the Running
Man, and the Robot, and that's always good for a laugh for, like, five minutes.
But I decided while I was there to check out some of these new areas that we'd heard about
at Game Developers Conference, like, they have the new, uh, Guitar Hero Backstage area,
and the Resident Evil 5 backlot, which, you know, they're cute ideas.
Again, I'm having a hard time seeing the big picture of Home, like, all these things they
really wanted to accomplish, like, I just don't see myself logging into Home as, like,
a back-end system, as, like, the thing I'm gonna do when I get home, I'm gonna boot up
my PlayStation and go right into Home, and, you know, launch everything from there, because
it still feels a little clunky to me.
And when I say clunky, I mean the download speeds of the areas as you load them.
You know, yes, I realize you can download in the background and all this, but I kind
of wish the thing was a little more intuitive.
Like, if I was gonna start walking towards a particular map, it would be cool if that
map would start, you know, kind of loading, and it's kind of, a little, it's profiling.
There's a lot of, shut up, there's a lot of polish, I think, that still needs to be done
in Home, but it is getting slightly better and better at the same time.
You know, and just slightly, but I do see improvement in Home, and I think that has
to be acknowledged, because it is a pretty ambitious thing.
So is there a download yet that, you know, gives Home a point?
There are still more minigames popping up, like, the Guitar Hero area has a Simon Says
style minigame.
It's nothing that awesome, it's, you know, free, but it's free, you know, it's, again,
might I remind everybody, you don't pay for Home.
So considering it's a free thing, it's, you know, granted, they microtransactional a lot
of these clubs and things, but I have yet to pay a dollar.
And if you're not in Home, you're homeless.
And nobody wants to be homeless.
ActDeft in chat says, Home is second life without the crazy antics.
GameGuru says, the big picture of Home is make money.
Yeah, it'll be interesting to see where the more nickel and diming comes in a little later,
so, I don't know.
All right, let's see, what else?
In my gaming week, really not a whole lot else that I can think of.
Xbox 360, just playing some of the old arcade titles, Pagle, and so forth, but not a lot
of new stuff.
I did forget one game I played.
What's that?
Which is the game that we're playing right now.
But Ninja Blade, I played during the week, actually, because I haven't really gotten
a chance to play it since I got it.
It's fun, it's actually not too, sorry, if you heard an echo there, it's because I was
checking Justin.tv, where we do have audio, thank God.
Yes, because you unplugged something from your splitter coming out of your computer.
Whatever.
The way you had it hooked up there would have been fine, but they wouldn't have been able
to hear the music that we played during the little break.
All right.
Whatever.
Anyways, give us a quick walkthrough.
I know this is radio, and we'll try to keep the references to the video minimum, but kind
of walk us through this game a little bit.
You were talking about, I know, earlier, before we started, this big epic cut scene at the
beginning of Ninja Blade.
It's so over the top that it's hilarious.
The main character looks like he's the spirit, you know, Sans' crappy movie.
But it's actually very God of War-esque.
You basically kind of go through the game, you have multiple different weapons you can
choose from.
One that's a heavy weapon that's slow, one that's two blades that's fast, and then a
weapon that's just a normal katana that's kind of in between.
And you've got really fast moves and stuff.
There's a lot of these cut scenes that are interactive that they have quick time events
that you do, which I tend to screw up a lot, but that's all right.
The game itself is pretty fun.
So what's the flippin' point?
You say it's kind of God of War-esque?
Yeah, the point is you're this team of ninjas that are descending upon Japan because it's
being overrun by these mutant things that are basically turning people into monsters,
and so you're fighting off these monsters that are attacking Tokyo.
And it's just really over the top.
There's these dragon-looking creatures, like you're skydiving out of a helicopter to begin
with in the very beginning of the game, and you're actually cutting these dragons in half
and just kind of running down the side of buildings as they're collapsing.
Just really crazy shit.
So that's pretty much the game.
But you like these over the top, don't you?
Oh yeah, it's awesome.
It's defense force.
I do, but it's actually, you know, a lot of the games that are put out from software and
stuff like that, they're not that great.
But this is actually pretty good, and it's been pretty entertaining so far.
Even like, it actually looks like it's going to start me from the beginning because apparently
I didn't get far enough to save.
But all the more, you know, exciting, because I'm going to show you that whole skydiving
part.
Okay, this is a little cutscene that shows what happens, and some old man sees like some
chick that's been infected.
We don't need to see that.
Skip that.
Alright.
Alright, let me go to Caspar, sorry, the doctor, and we'll ask the doctor about his gaming
week and we'll come back to you.
Hopefully you're a little bit into Ninja Blade at that point, you can tell us a little bit
about the gameplay.
So, alright, the doctor, how was your gaming week?
It was pretty good.
Kind of like, there's not a lot of new stuff that I'm into at all.
So I just, you know, one of my friends came over and we played a party game, which, on
the Wii, imagine a party game.
Which was actually hilarious because, you know, this was one of my straight friends
and it was Raymond Raving Rabbit's TV edition.
I don't know if you guys have ever played that, but there's lots of crazy minigames.
Yes, we have played that, or at least I watched Loki play it.
The best minigame has to be the dancing.
It's kind of like DDR, where you have to move your whole body.
And watching my friend get into this, like, was hilarious.
It was, we were like cracking up, so.
But I'm with you, I mean, there's not a lot of new stuff on any system that I'm like,
woo!
So just kind of bored with a lot of the games coming out.
Well, I think too, we're in that period where summer's right around the corner and I think
we're going to start seeing a lot more releases in the summer, especially with, you know,
E3 around the corner.
A lot of companies have stuff in their pockets that they're going to be showing at E3.
So there's not a lot to get excited about just yet, except for the fact, you know, if
you're a DS fan, there's the DSi that just came out this week.
That's really a big, big thing.
And you're a total Nintendo fanboy and you're very eh on the DSi.
It's, I mean, it's, to use a fancy word, it's, I mean, it's got the superfluous camera.
I mean, what does that even do?
That's just, that's no point to me.
Well, it takes pictures doctor.
Ah, I have a camera and I don't need another one.
Um, fair enough.
All right, well, so, uh, yeah, but we're watching, uh, we're also watching, uh, Loki here.
There are monsters and blood and swords and ridiculousness.
This looks a little like with that combo meter in the corner.
I'm reminded of one of those like dynasty warrior kind of games.
Apparently it's also twilight and you sparkle when you go into the darkness.
You sparkle!
Gold glitter flies everywhere.
I actually have not seen the sparkly vampires.
Oh, good.
You're not missing a mention.
Yeah.
So are we ready for the commentary?
Uh, Loki?
Well, I'm just, you know, basically right now they're just kind of teaching you the
basics of the game.
Oh, you can do jump attacks.
Oh, you can do like heavy attacks and yada, yada, yada.
Kill these guys.
So, um, but it gets ridiculous cause like you're like sensei or whatever is kind of
helping you out through the game and he gives you like these different weapons to use.
Meanwhile, like he's like flipping around and you know, throwing people like there's
a quick time event where I got to jump and I dodged that thing.
Well, so now it's all dragon's lair where you just press like a button and hit a button.
Interesting.
Yeah.
There's a lot of interactive cut time or cut scenes and quick time events and lots of stuff
that I miss because it's hard to read them on this TV, but that's okay.
Interesting.
All right.
Well, um, and I'm looking at a comment in chat.
For some reason, the Justin TV chat is borked tonight.
Like I'm not seeing anything in the Justin TV chat, so if you guys are trying to yell
at us there, don't even bother.
You've got to go to our main room.
Uh, but I do see Misty saying woop blood.
So very, very bloody game.
Can I get a woop blood?
That game you were playing the other week on the GameCube mad world, that was way worse
on the blood.
Yeah.
I was, I almost brought that again, but that's all right.
I like that.
I like this.
I like this setup for the show where we have the, uh, game that will be running during
the show and then someday we'll have the switcher.
So we'll go back to having the camera in studio when something exciting actually happens here
in studio, which is not that often, but slowly but surely we're starting to become orange
launch television.
This is kind of scary.
And the, and the interactive cut scenes, you know, that's in other games too.
I mean, you got that in a force unleashed.
I mean, which kind of makes it more epic because then you're like, you know, if they're really
complex battles, you can just press, you know, you have to do the certain combos.
So that looks cool.
Tiger client chat says basically OLR wants to copy FNG, which is a Friday night gaming
Bobby show here on all games radio.
No, we don't want to copy Friday night gaming.
He did.
They did their own thing.
They fixed stuff and on air and we don't really get into that kind of stuff.
And plus they have that whole gaming center thing where people like that, um, all games
interactive used to have back in the day where people could like walk in and out as they
want to.
And as soon as we taped the show at my house, that's not exactly going to be happening.
Although we have had perfect strangers show up here before.
I remember Mo, remember we, we didn't even know her before.
We sent her an email on YouTube and she came here and sung the show or sung the song on
the show.
So no, I, we, I mean, we do, you know, we've, we've done the same shit for what, seven years
now.
We're just slightly evolving a little bit as time goes on.
All right, let's get in the entire class as OLR could turn into a gaming center of more
guests show up.
I hope not again.
This is my house.
It's like, you know, at 10, 10, 10 30, I want everyone to get out.
So I'm another guest.
What about me?
Yeah.
But you're different.
Cause I know you.
I'm the doctor.
I'm different.
All right.
Uh, housekeeping tonight before we get into the gaming news, we're like 20 minutes into
the show.
We need to get into gaming news.
Uh, just a quick warning, kind of a disclaimer tonight.
It was April fool's week this week.
And while we think we've done a pretty good job of weeding the actual news stories from
the bullshit, there might have been some bullshit that snuck through, but I don't think tonight,
I think we got pretty much everything cleared.
Um, also, uh, don't forget to follow us on Twitter at username, OLR, or follow us on
a Facebook, OL army, or follow us on a live journal, a username, orange lounge.
Uh, also want to make a mention of orange lounge radio, March madness.
That's the thing that Breslull really heads up, kind of Spears it up for, um, the Saturday
night program here under station live.
And you know, we kind of give our commentary running on it.
It finally ended this last week.
Seems like it went on for a while, but considering you had like 64 games that had to get narrowed
down to one.
Um, there were no ties this year.
There was one clear winner in the final, no ties that we have to break.
Super Mario brothers three is your, uh, ultimate video game of all time per OLR March madness
this year.
Um, which once again beat chrono trigger chrono trigger was the runner up for the second year
in a row.
So there you go.
And no, I agree.
I mean, when I got that a virtual console was like just as fun as when I played it when
I was 10.
Um, you know, and I'm sure there's a lot of, especially the chrono trigger fanboys and
girls that are like, Oh my God, fuck my life.
I can't believe the super Mario brothers three would win.
But come on.
Super Mario brothers three is Epic in so many ways and really reached a much more broad
audience I think than chrono trigger did.
Don't get me wrong.
I'm not knocking on chrono trigger.
It's a fabulous game.
Definitely worthy of the runner up prize.
However, you can't get mad that a game like super Mario brothers three beat it.
If if rock band had ultimately won, I could see you cause that was in the final four.
I could see you getting mad if rock band, I would join you video games forever.
I would have joined you and I love me rock band, but it's like a, like a fine wine.
It needs to age a little bit.
It needs to age a little bit before it can truly be the ultimate video game of all time.
So all right.
Yeah.
Necessitic vampire in chat says it's just a poll.
It's just a damn poll.
Don't cry.
Don't cry.
All right.
Let's get into some gaming news.
Here's your game.
So you can start us off with some gaming news tonight about Sony.
Big press conference, right?
Well, it wasn't even a press conference is just announcement basically.
And the announcement was, Hey, we're going to drop the price of the PlayStation two.
And they did.
They dropped it by 30 bucks and now it's 99 99 the magic 99 99 and that is supposed to
spike sales and allow the PlayStation brand to grow even more, or it's just another way
for them to say, Hey, look, you know, this is look how many people we have on the PlayStation
platform.
You know, not the PlayStation three because the PlayStation three is in third place as
far as the new consoles go.
But the PlayStation platform is number one because the PlayStation two is so popular.
I don't know.
I think it's about time that they dropped the price of it.
I mean, it's old.
It's over 10 years old now.
So not a big surprise.
And then also, you know, other than the US getting the price job, of course, we're going
to see a price drop in Europe as well to 99 euros.
And unfortunately, no price drop for the UK.
Sorry.
But you know, 99 99.
We'll see if this spike sales.
Let me just say as far as I'm concerned.
I haven't had any other people buy PlayStation two systems.
In fact, I haven't had anyone buy a PlayStation two system in a very long time and the price
drop.
No one cared, at least on my end.
But Hey, you know, if your console died, maybe you can save a few bucks and the use prices
drop so you can buy use console even cheaper.
But I don't think this is going to make any difference night and day.
It doesn't make the poor college kids happy.
There's a market for this.
This is huge news for a lot of people.
That's not the core gamers like you and I, you know what I mean?
This is the let's get a really cheap video game system to put in the kid's bedroom type
of thing.
This is not going to be exciting news for the core gamer like you and I, because this
we've moved on.
We've graduated to 360 PS three, et cetera.
Well then they're like, Oh, it can impact sales of the weed.
No, I don't think it will because well, because that's the market they're going for.
Instead of trying to either trying to make the price of the PlayStation two so lucrative
that people will want to buy it instead of the we, because I think, I do think the PS
two is competing with the we for that sort of a kid's bedroom toy, you know, and the
we is not having the mass shortages that he used to have.
That was kind of what was keeping the PlayStation two in some ways of flow was that there was
sometimes the we was gone.
So people would opt for a PlayStation two, but I, you know, it's, you can't say PlayStation
two is a bad system.
You can't say there's no games available for the PlayStation two and then it's going to
drop the new price and the use price.
So, you know, you know, it's interesting that you had to come eventually.
I'm kind of curious to see what the sales are going to be on the week in the next few
months because no, they have met the demand.
And because of that, I've had a lot less people buying them.
And you know, this is when it meets as a man is usually a time when the colors come and
I wouldn't be surprised if the colors come during E3 because that's when they're going
to announce stupid, you know, superfluous shit like this, uh, comments from chat, comments
from chat, uh, tiger class says it's amazing that Sony still supports the PS two given
its enormous library.
You got to give it to them.
Unlike Microsoft and Nintendo that screw their fans by discontinuing their consoles.
Uh, the fact that Sony still supports the PS two shows that there are a large or still
a large contingent of people that still own their PS two is all that from tiger claw because
there's no backwards compatibility for the PlayStation two anymore on the PlayStation
three.
That's exactly what Brad from pod culture says.
Yeah, folks will pick one up, especially if your PS three is not backwards compatible
and your old chunky PS two is acting odd.
Um, also I want to say for Misty, kind of a dissenting voice here, it annoys me because
I just replaced my PS two since the beginning of the year and now it dropped to $99 slanted
and then face and Nintendo still will repair the old systems.
So really all of them, um, the last time I checked on their website, there was still
a repair for the NES, but there was no price listed.
It was, uh, I bet you basically had to call them and then they would probably drop the
bomb.
Yeah, that's not going to be pretty.
All right.
Well, Hey, I'm going over to the PSP because obviously the DSI has been much in the limelight
this week with his launch and everything.
But one of the highly anticipated games for the PSP, Elise for me, and probably most of
us here at music game loving orange launch radio, rock band unplugged.
And the reason why of course that we're all salivating over this game is that it's supposed
to be a lot like amplitude and frequency, uh, rock band unplugged.
The box art has leaked out to the internet and apparently it reveals a partial track
list.
However, do take this with a tiny grain of salt.
This news came out not March 31st, which, you know, in a certain time zone might've
been April 1st, but I could see this happening because this, this is legit.
It's very legit.
Cause a lot of these songs crossover into the actual rock band games.
I could see this.
Um, for example, the way for me to check, well, for example, uh, let's see, we have
blink one 82.
What's my age again?
Really idle white wedding Boston, more than a feeling through fighters ever long.
That game is definitely wrong.
That's not as in rock band, modest mouse float on also Jackson five ABC.
Now that I don't recall being in rock band.
So there are some new tracks, uh, the police message in a bottle, the who pinball wizard,
et cetera, et cetera.
Now also the box apparently also confirms that there will be download content.
There's going to be a music store.
Uh, unfortunately there will be no multiplayer at all in the game.
They had, um, also some screenshots from it in, on the back of the box as well.
Uh, yeah, I remember seeing the screenshots elsewhere on the internet and it, uh, definitely
looks like it's going to be an amplitude, you know, frequency type of game, which, Hey,
fine by me, you know, and I was just saying on Bobby show earlier, you know, Bobby black
Wolf, the guy who does the show, um, before us here on all games radio on Sunday nights,
um, was talking about the whole, he was, he was talking about the DS and DSI.
And the, how guitar hero on tour, one of the biggest selling third party DS games is kind
of screwed by the DSI because the game boy advanced slots now really.
And I was kinda, you know, we joked when we called on the show like, well, who, who the
fuck should be playing guitar here on the DS anyway?
You know, if they're trying to like emulate the whole, it doesn't matter the actual guitar
hero, it doesn't matter anyways.
It's a new system on top of the DS are still selling four colors of the DS and there's
still that many, you know, millions of, you know, DS is out there.
They're not going to suffer one bit.
But see, I give that a hard time yet.
I allow rock band because this whole rock band on tour, because they're making a different
game out of it that, you know, is really a throwback to something a lot of people have
been selling.
It doesn't have any peripherals.
That too.
They could easily too.
I wouldn't be surprised if they port this to the PlayStation two without, without the
salt, you know, song store and stuff like that.
Who knows?
We'll see.
All right.
Well, anyhow, um, we will, uh, continue to watch rock band unplugged and let you know
more on it.
And as soon as we know, which I'm sure will be E3, I'm sure that game is going to be playable
on the show floor.
And I know that will be one of the first things I check out.
What about you?
Dark soccer.
You interested in rock band unplugged?
Um, well, not particularly, I thought you were being amplitude frequency type fan.
I, I like it, but I'm, there's other things you're more interested in motion sick.
Oh yeah.
I can see that.
Well, um, there is going to be a new Jack and Dexter game for the PSP and the PS two.
Why?
I don't know, but there is, and it's going to basically pick up from where the, the last
uh, game left off.
And so you are in the last frontier and you're going to help someone become a sage Kira,
I think is the name.
And uh, so it's a adventure up in the mountains or in the air or with pirates of the sky.
Well, you know, this series obviously still has its fans.
And I think this goes right in line with the whole PlayStation two price drop.
It's interesting to see, wow, they are still making freaking games for the PlayStation
two, but you know, and this isn't like a D list title.
This is at least the B list.
Well, um, it actually is, uh, done by, uh, being developed by a high impact games.
So they're the ones that did size matters.
And uh, it's looks like it's going to be fairly less depressing than, you know, the second
one was.
All right.
I had any interest in Jack and Dexter for you.
No, I haven't been interested in that ever.
It's more of a kid's franchise, right?
Yeah.
But I know we have listeners that are fans and they're probably screaming at us right
now.
It's not necessarily a kid's franchise.
And I'm not really saying that it's just like ratchet and clank.
I tried to get in the ratchet and clank cause I had never really been a fan of it on the
PlayStation two with the PlayStation three version tools of destruction.
I played it for a little bit and then I ended up selling it to my friend cause I just couldn't
do it.
It just, it not my thing, just not very entertaining.
I was like into like Spyro and stuff for a little bit and my sister really went gung
ho with that.
But, um, yeah, grand theft auto that steals away all my time, unfortunately.
Anyways, some other games though that are going to be coming out that are kind of neat.
Tales of Vesperia, coming in the PS3.
And this is not really a big surprise since, you know, Tales of Vesperia came out on the
360.
This is kind of a similar thing with Eternal Sonata.
Now of course after the wait, not only do you get a game that is on par with the 360
version but they've also added in new stuff.
Including some new characters you'll get to play as that were kind of hinted in the Xbox
360 version but now they are playable, which is kind of cool.
And another game they also announced Tales of Versus, which is going to be a PSP title
and it's kind of like the Tales version of Dissidia.
Which is neat.
So you got all the Tales characters fighting each other.
It's still part of the Tales series, yeah.
But um, you know, a little bit different.
But uh, they're putting out a lot of Tales games, that's for sure.
Which is definitely crazy in Japan, right?
Didn't the Xbox 360 get a huge boost from Vesperia?
Yeah, yeah.
That and Internal Sonata I think did pretty good.
But I don't know, I never really noticed the Tales franchise that much.
I haven't really played any of them, so I kind of feel bad in that sense.
But I don't want to play any of them right now.
Well, Tales for Fantasia on Game Boy Advance is actually pretty good.
Like if you're into old school, like 16-bit.
Oh yeah, Tales definitely has a very cult following to it.
You know, there's lots of fans of this series.
But you know, I'm not surprised this game is showing up on Playstation 3.
It is a little bit late to the party, but I think over in Japan it's going to mean more
than it will here.
Because in Japan, the Playstation 3 has penetrated a bigger slice of the market.
So I think, you know, it's going to be a bigger deal over there.
I would say put it out this year if you can, because come the end of this year and possibly
next spring Final Fantasy XIII is going to come out and no one's going to care about
anything else as far as RPGs go.
And whether it's good or bad, I mean, just no one's going to care.
Speaking of which, remember, we're only like a couple weeks away, and I'll be getting my
copy of the demo.
Ooh, that's right.
And we'll definitely be doing that on the JT.
Definitely we'll be doing that.
We won't be the first, though.
There's going to be tons of people.
Oh, yeah.
Absolutely.
But we will definitely check it out on Sunday in case you forget to check earlier in the
week.
Okay.
So I want to talk about Playstation as well, which got a firmware update this week.
You know, they're on Playstation.
They do pretty regular firmware updates over there.
One of the big features now, in-game text chat, 16 people at a time, is one of the big
features of the new firmware, which was released this week.
Also, you can send, apparently, files to your friends as big as 3 megabytes now.
And you can sort friends in your friends list now alphabetically or by online status and
last login time, so you can kind of have some, which is good, because it seemed like there
was no rhyme or reason to the friends list sorting before, so that was a feature that
was needed.
Also, there's some other features, a dynamic normalizer that will prevent sudden increases
in volume between music tracks.
For those games that don't know how to normalize their volume, that's pretty good.
If you don't have a sound system, it'll do that as well.
Also, the ability to cut and paste text, which I guess if you're a huge chatterer in home
might be useful or something.
I can't think of a lot of chatty things I do on the Playstation 3, but I guess cut and
paste is needed.
And now the dawn of the age of text spamming in home.
That's true.
I hope they figured out a way to curb that in home, but, you know, cut and paste is also
a big, big...
You know, you might be laughing going, well, cut and paste shouldn't be a big fucking deal.
Look at all the iPhone users that are, like, rejoicing that cut and paste is finally coming
to iPhone.
Oh, hell yes.
That's a big deal over there, so I can see that.
So there you go, Playstation 3 firmware out now.
I actually upgraded earlier today before I went into home, but unfortunately those really
aren't a lot of features I use very often, except the friends list.
That will probably be the biggest thing for me.
Well, there's a particular series that I hate, hate, hate, hate, hate, hate.
I won't see any of it.
I hate this whole series of movies.
The concept of it is disgusting and just repugnant to me.
What movie series is that, Rob?
Um, I would have to say...
Too slow, Saw.
Pokemon.
Oh.
I really, really hate Saw.
Pokemon in Saw?
No.
Would you watch that if the Pokemon starred in the next Saw movie?
Fuck no.
Pikachu!
Pikachu!
Pikachu!
Pikachu!
Pikachu!
Pikachu!
What do we do with Pikachu's armor?
As I was saying, Konami has the Saw license.
They pried it out of the dead fingers of Brasher Entertainment.
Thank God.
Because then it might actually be a decent game.
But now they were actually drawing comparisons between that and Silent Hill, which I thought
was more funny um more funny funnier there's my grammar today um the marketer David Daniels
was telling what sorry I'm laughing at the chat room hold on we got we got DJ Tyrant
hello Ash I'd like to play a battle with you and gold anthro says gotta saw them all
dear chat room they make Ritalin for a reason sorry dark soccer okay um but the marketer
David Daniels is quoted saying that Silent Hill is more about psychological terror but
soft for us is more about graphic intense horror that overwhelms you we want players
to turn away from the screen for just a moment because of the visual intensity or because
the graphics really really suck in other words it's going to be blood pornography these games
are going to be just that they're already preparing us for the fact that these games
are going to be blood pornography wait well it's supposed to be out in the fall it actually
has Tobin Bell doing the voice of jigsaw he does have a sexy voice I'll put it that way
it's a very sexy scary voice and considering you know Vincent Price is like long dead and
gone and there will never be anyone as wonderful as Vincent Price um you know Tobin Bell's
got a pretty scary voice for this generation well it's going to be out on PC, Xbox 360
and PS3 and guess who's not going to buy it me I'm not even going to let it come into
my house aren't you worried this might have an impact on the Silent Hill series I hope
not, better fucking not I do like that he has the distinction it's going to get worse
Silent well I like that they've made the clear distinction Silent Hill psychological thriller
because when I think psychological thriller I think of great scary movies like The Silence
of the Lambs these types of like classic psychological thrillers that's more in the suspense sense
right and but that's kind of what Silent Hill is right more of like a suspense mind fuck
kind of movie but it has the gross it has the gore attached to it it has but it's not
The gore is not the focus. The gore is part of driving in the psychological part.
You are walking through a personal nightmare for your character.
In essence, that is Silent Hill. You are walking through their nightmare.
You know, everything in the game has some aspect of their personality or their guilt
or something having to do with them that's going back to that person.
It requires more thought than just splattering blood everywhere.
But you know there are going to be people that are all about the blood orgy of Saw.
It will sell. It will sell.
It'll sell, but...
Which, Loki, you're a big blood fan. Are you going to be purchasing the blood orgy that is Saw?
No, because it's not going to be any good.
I'm sorry, even if...
Now, what they should have called it is blood orgy of the game, but you know...
I'd buy a game called blood orgy.
No, but seriously though, I'm sorry, but not to knock Konami or anything.
It's not going to be any good because it's made by Konami.
I don't want to knock them or anything, but it's...
God damn, your game is going to suck.
I'm sorry.
Hold on, Loki. To be fair, none of you have touched the game.
And you're basing your review of the game off the movie, which isn't completely fair.
No, I'm basing my review off of the screenshot that I saw, okay?
And also the fact that Saw cannot be made into a game very well.
Because how are you going to do that?
No, I'm sorry. Konami's not clever enough to figure that out.
Point and click.
How about I have read enough about Saw to know that I have zero interest in playing the game or seeing the movies or anything remotely related to it.
And I don't even watch the damn trailers.
Then again, I don't watch TV.
But still, I have zero interest in nothing but loathing for the franchise.
Now, I noticed the consensus amongst chat, and I'm not going to read a lot of the individual quotes from chat here.
Because it seems like there's a consensus that Saw 1, decent.
The rest, blood orgy.
Stupid porn movies.
Blood porn.
The Leo Shannon chat, I will read this comment.
Blood orgy and titties would be the best selling game ever.
It just might. It just might.
You know, it could be decent, but it's not going to be good.
And they've got a lot of things going against them.
Just because, one, it's a movie tie-in.
And two, really, when is the last standout awesome game other than Metal Gear Solid 4 that's come out from Konami in the recent years?
Oh, I can't think of one! That's why!
And I'm sorry, I don't all of a sudden see them turning themselves around any time soon.
And, I don't know.
Low expectations, let's put it that way.
If it comes out and it's awesome, good, then I'll eat my words, but I don't think I'll have to do that.
And no, I'm not making a bet on this game.
Agdef is telling me to give the first movie a try, but I'm going to go ahead and explain this right now.
The concept of that kind of thing, about putting people in that position, disgusts me.
Like you have no idea how much it disgusts me.
It's so reprehensible of an idea that thinking about it makes me want to vomit.
So no, I won't see it.
I did see the first Saw movie and it's one of those things where it's like, it's not that great.
You can live your life and not see it.
Like, there's a hundred other movies I would say a person has to see before they see Saw.
See Saw.
Saw!
Oh god, you're all done.
And that's the thing, I'm a pretty big fan of the Saw movies.
Granted, they've kind of gone downhill because once you kill off the main bad guy...
Oops, spoiler.
It's been like movies since then.
But once you kill off the main bad guy, it's kind of hard to, I don't know, continue the series without a new bad person.
And they've kind of done...
They've made it as confusing as possible unless you've watched the other movies.
And you're just like, oh, that's that dude from that other movie.
And, wait, what?
But next Silent Hill game, I am so there.
I bought Homecoming. It was fun. Good game.
I need to actually go back and beat it.
There's a lot of games that came out around the same time.
We were watching Annie and Jim play Homecoming this week.
It's okay. Also watched Siren.
And that was... I don't know.
But I just saw the movie...
I just don't see how you can make this into a game.
I'm sorry.
What's it gonna be?
I mean, it's just like an adventure game that doesn't make any sense.
It's gonna sell.
I would bet money this Saw game's gonna sell even though we all hate it.
Because there's an audience out there for it. There really is.
Well, I don't think there will.
There will be a Saw 2 video game.
It'll probably come out in October.
And it's gonna be coming out at the same time as a bunch of other bigger games.
And I'm sorry.
When this comes out, there will be people that pick it up because it's Saw.
But think of the last really good movie title that's come out on consoles.
That's right. Because most of them aren't that good.
And even Wanted, which I thought was gonna be awesome, wasn't that good.
And it's just not gonna happen.
It's not gonna be all of a sudden amazing.
They're not gonna break the mold.
It's just not gonna work.
Okay, I want to get over this Saw topic.
But I do want to say one other comment here.
It's in support, basically, of what DarkSakura is saying.
TigerKlon's chat says,
I feel the same way about movies that glamorize the gore.
I don't get why people are so turned on by it.
That I find deeply disturbing.
One final thought I want to put out there is
this is just gonna give ammunition to those people that say that video games are, you know, poisoning the minds of people everywhere.
And those people that say, you know, Manhunt 2 is corrupting America,
and Grand Theft Auto is poisoning our children, et cetera, et cetera.
These Saw games, especially if people's predictions that you are going to be the puppet in these games is correct.
If you're the little puppet creature, that'd be awesome.
I don't know.
I have a bad feeling that this game is going to be one of those things that certain lawyers who I wish would stay out of the goddamn news
are going to use to propel their case into the next decade.
They should be more offended by the movies because the movies are actually graphic and stuff.
Whereas this game, I don't think enough people are going to buy it to even, you know, care that it's violent.
I will go ahead and say, by the way, it is not the gore that bothers me.
It is the concept of what the people in the movie...
Torture porn. Torture porn bothers you.
That's it. I do not, I can't stand torture of people who really haven't done anything wrong.
Alright. Let's move on.
I'm so done with Saw.
But the people have done stuff that's wrong.
That's the whole point of why they're being tortured.
Well, you know what I mean.
Whatever.
Anyways, something that's not wrong in any way whatsoever would be Saints Row 2.
And there's brand new download content coming out for it on April 16th, which makes me pretty excited.
Because now I have a new reason to play that game again.
The new download content will be called Ultor Exposed, which makes sense because there's areas of the map that you can't conquer yet.
And they're all owned by Ultor.
And it will give you a few new things, including a co-op meta game.
You'll be able to use porn star Tara Patrick as one of your homies.
Okay. And new vehicles, new weapons, and some new multiplayer maps are also coming out along with that.
It's going to be available for the Xbox 360 and Playstation 3 for 800 Microsoft points or $10 in real money.
And I look forward to checking that out.
Alrighty. Let's move on to some release dates.
And let's travel the world and check out what's coming out in some other countries this week.
And I'm looking over at Japan and in the next gen systems, there's really not a whole lot.
You get a price reduction on Tom Clancy's Ghost Recon Advanced Warfighter 2 on Playstation 3.
But not a lot of new stuff.
And I'm wondering if that's because you got the whole Advent Children coming out next week over in Japan.
I don't know.
On the Nintendo Wii, you do have Oboro Muramasa comes out this week.
And I'm not sure what this game really is, but it does look kind of stylized.
It is awesome.
This game is by the developers of Odin Sphere.
It's all hand drawn.
It's very stylized.
This looks kind of neat actually.
Like a side scroll action game.
It's coming out in June here in the US.
It's going to be called Muramasa Demon Blade.
Yeah, this game looks cool.
So if you're in Japan, you get an extra sneak peek at this this week.
Maybe we'll have a sneak peek of it next week. Who knows?
That would be awesome actually.
This game, I love the art in this. This looks really cool.
And this is a Wii game.
What's that, doctor?
I was going to say, there's videos of it on YouTube and whatnot.
And the animation is pretty high quality.
It looks really good.
Well, there you go.
At least there's that big title coming out.
Maybe people are afraid of that.
I don't know.
On PlayStation 2, Arcana Heart 2.
Full title is Sugoi Arcana Heart 2.
Arcana Heart, that is the female chick fighter game, is it not?
Where it's all women, I guess.
They got a sequel.
So I'm assuming it's a matter of time before that comes out over here.
It actually looks pretty good on, is that just on PlayStation 2?
That is a PlayStation 2 game.
They have some really good captures.
Those are not bad graphics for PlayStation 2.
Again, showing that they're still cranking it out on the PlayStation 2.
Looking on the Nintendo DS, not a whole lot of stuff.
Rhythm to Run Run Run is a game coming out,
as well as another cooking game called Happy Cooking.
A party stylized concept game on the DS? What?
And then lastly in Japan, looking at the Sony PlayStation Portable.
I don't believe I see a whole lot on the PSP.
Where is my list here?
We do have another Evangelion game.
It's a Neon Genesis Evangelion,
Kotsetsu no Girlfriend Tokubetsu Hen Portable.
So you know what that means.
Dating Evangelion Sim on the PSP again.
Enjoy that.
Oh, Sengoku Basara Battle Heroes is a big title coming out on the PSP.
I think that one is something you get a little more excited about.
Again, looks like this game's got some pretty sweet graphics too.
That's another Dynasty Warriors game?
It looks kind of, a little bit.
I mean, there's like zero English in this game whatsoever,
so looking at the screenshots I can't tell.
It's probably Sengoku Basara, that's, oh, I can't...
Battle Heroes is the subtitle.
I'm thinking what it's called over here.
They've only released one game.
I actually have that for the Wii and I haven't actually played it yet.
It's only in Japan.
I have this special edition, it's like a two disc game,
but it has the first and second one.
It was localized over here by Capcom and I can't remember,
it's like, it's going to bug me now.
It's comments from Chatroom.
Goldanthro says,
Sky wants a guy version game that's Arcana Heart style.
To be fair, that's most other fighting games.
To be fair.
Leo Shen says, Arcana Heart 2.
Get it.
They have a freaking loli fighter modeled after Dorothy from The Wizard of Oz.
There's no place like home.
There's no place like home.
Punch.
Does she like, does she roundhouse kick people with her ruby slippers?
I guess so.
Let's see.
It's called Devil Kings over here.
That's what it was.
There you go.
Devil something.
Alright, let's move on to Europe.
Dark Sakura.
Europe release dates.
There's stuff.
Well, as far as our European release dates, just give me just a second.
It was thinking about it.
My apologies.
Modern technology.
On the seventh, we have Banjo-Kazooie Nuts and Bolts.
Logs Lost Challenges.
We have Flock on PC.
The ninth, we have Elven Legacy and Helldorado.
Helldorado?
Okay.
I'm not even going to ask.
On the tenth, we have The Godfather 2.
And that's it.
Cool.
Over here, we've got some pretty cool stuff coming out.
Of course, this is all coming out today.
Of course, the DSi systems.
I mean, a lot of people knew that was coming out, both in blue and black.
Rhythm Heaven to kind of coincide with the DSi, but not necessarily a DSi game.
Coming out on the DS.
We've got Gravity coming out on the DS and on the Wii.
Kind of a fun little incredible machine type of game.
We've got Air Conflicts Aces of World War II coming to the PSP.
Because I don't think the PSP's had a World War II flight sim game yet.
So that's kind of cool.
The Chronicles of Riddick Dark Athena.
And it was about time they got one.
It was about time.
Every system needs their World War II flight sim fighting game.
Yes.
Yes.
Definitely.
And The Chronicles of Riddick Assault on Dark Athena coming out on the Xbox 360 and the Playstation 3 this week.
Hannah Montana the movie, the game everyone's been waiting for coming out on the Playstation 3, Xbox 360, Wii and DS.
Yay!
Yes, awesome.
And then if you're not interested in Hannah Montana, you might be interested in Godfather 2 coming out on PC, Playstation 3 and Xbox 360.
Those two, you'd be surprised how the fans...
If you're interested in both of those games, I think something might be wrong.
I think most people would be interested in one or the other.
I don't really see somebody saying, yeah GameStop employee, I'm here to pick up my copy of Godfather 2 and Miley Cyrus.
It's for my daughter.
Miley Cyrus is going to get an offer that she can't refuse.
Because Miley Cyrus stars in The Godfather 4.
Nobody knows this.
Her and Sophia Copeland.
Where the Godfather becomes hip and sassy.
Alright.
Some actual serious...
Where RuPaul is the Godfather.
I'm going to make you offer You Camera Feels, okay?
Girl, you better work.
And then on Playstation 2 and PSP this week, Guilty Gear XX Accent Core Plus coming out if you're looking for a good 2D fighting game.
On PC, DCS Black Shark.
Looks like some flight sim game.
Deer Drive is getting a re-release from Zoo Games.
It's a game where you drive your jeep and kill deer.
Just like, you know, that brings me back to, was it Cruisin' USA?
Hit the deer and they explode.
The game that we're featuring tonight actually on Justin TV, Ninja Blade will be making its way out this week if you want to own your own copy.
I actually recommend it, it's pretty fun.
And then, let's see here, Guilty Gear, I mentioned that.
Oh, and this is awesome on PC, apparently if you like crappy games or you're a girl.
OMG High School Triple Play Pack featuring, I believe it's like the Cheetah Girls, Mean Girls, and...
Oh, I'm sorry, Mean Girls Clueless and Pretty in Pink.
I didn't know they had games for those.
I like all of those movies.
I think something's wrong with me.
There is something wrong with you.
And then, let's see, Company of Heroes Tales of Valor coming out on PC.
Elven Legacy on PC as well.
And this is kind of cool, an Atlus PSP game, Hammerin' Hero coming out.
And another crappy Wii game, Escape the Museum.
And finally, you get a twofer here.
Not only do you get a crappy movie this week, but a crappy game based on said crappy movie that's based off of an anime series.
It's not so crappy, but Dragon Ball Evolution.
The game, the movie, the myth, the failure.
That's it.
Other Gay Guy on the show tonight, I have a question.
What is that show on VH1 with RuPaul, is it Drag Races?
Yeah, RuPaul's Drag Race.
How do you know that, Loki?
I watch The Soup.
Oh, Loki watches The Soup.
Don't you think they need to make a video game out of that?
Again, point and click.
Yeah, you dress the guys, you get them into their tucking panties.
It would be a Wii game, because it would be a party game.
Like, you know, it could be heel clubbing.
And you gotta do the dance, but it would be like Spice Girls the Game 2.
I am all over this game.
Let's put another girl through her paces.
RuPaul's Drag Races.
I like SSJ-100 Matt RuPaul GPS.
Work, turn to the left, work, turn to the right.
Any game where you replace the main character with RuPaul would be hilarious.
I love RuPaul.
God damn, RuPaul.
I love RuPaul, but I think that'd be great.
I think RuPaul would think that'd be funny.
Oh my god, is there a game developer out there listening?
Please, call them and make this happen.
There is an audience for that game.
Like Super Mario Bros. 3 RuPaul Edition, but instead of like the raccoon suit, it's like the sparkly suit.
Look, if you want to put in a little bit of money into this game, you will sell like, you're not going to sell a million.
You're probably not even going to sell 100,000, but you'll sell like 25,000.
No, I still think there should have been a gay X-Men where RuPaul was stormed.
I'm sorry.
That would be a great game.
Oh, here's something RuPaul should be in.
Oni Chambara.
No, seriously, I'm trying to tie this into the next story.
Did you know there was actually a movie based off of Oni Chambara?
Yes, I did, and I have...
It's out here as well.
It's localized here in the U.S. called Chambara Beauty, apparently.
I know, I got it.
I haven't got a chance to watch it yet, but...
Well, you better hurry because...
I will.
Guess what?
Apparently, even though this movie got negative reviews across the board, who would have thought?
For some reason, bikini-clad women slaying zombies with swords apparently had an audience for it.
Believe it or not, I played this game, and it was very fun.
And yet they won't make the RuPaul game.
Right.
They think there's no audience for that.
They'll make this shit, but they won't make it.
What's also awesome about...
You know, all the zombies are apparently farmers because they all wear flannel.
Here's the thing.
Chambara Beauty is now getting a sequel.
The movie is getting a sequel.
Oni Chambara the Game getting a sequel, that's probably a given as well.
But there will be another movie, Chambara Beauty Vortex.
And I guess there is a game called Vortex as well that's going to be coming out as well.
Amazingly enough, though, the Oni Chambara...
Like, for a Wii game, like, blood splattering on the screen.
Like, you get too much blood on your sword, and it sticks into the zombies.
I mean, it's not like a terrible blood fest, but it was a blood fest.
Now, something you should know.
The star of the first film, Starlit Eri Otogoro, is not coming back for the second movie.
So you know it's going to be a winner.
So this is a live action Japanese movie.
Is that what you're saying?
Yeah, this is a live action Japanese movie that's now getting a sequel to It.
Wow.
So we are seeing the beginnings of, like, Oni Chambara Mania.
That's amazing.
I love live action Japanese movies because they're so terrible.
But yet, no RuPaul game.
I'm just saying.
Such injustice in this world.
Such injustice.
You would like Skye...
I think I need to start one of those petition online things.
You know those things that don't mean anything?
But we need to start collecting signatures for a RuPaul video game.
No, Rob, but...
And I'll email fucking RuPaul somehow.
Back to live action really quick.
Akouge is a live action Japanese film about fag hags.
Check it out.
Akouge.
Really?
Yes, because I dated a Japanese guy for a little bit and he showed it to me.
Really?
It was awesome.
Because basically this chick likes to watch guys make out in the park.
Gee, you know...
I have a problem with that.
A lot of straight guys like to watch girls make out in the park.
Like, hello, cruel intentions.
Why not?
Some girls like to watch girls make out in the park.
La la la la.
Innocent, innocent.
Anyway.
How about different stuff?
Yes, how about different stuff?
Well, there is a game that's called Beyond Good and Evil.
Ooh.
And it's getting a sequel.
Ooh.
And it's inspired by the Trade Center airplane bombing thing.
And I refuse to refer to the event by the date because I think that's fucking retarded.
You can just refer to it as Loki's 21st birthday.
Okay, it happened on Loki's 21st birthday.
So when Loki was getting, what, liquor or something?
Eating steak at a steakhouse.
That was empty.
Okay.
But at any rate, the game is supposed to be based off of that.
They're saying that that day's event actually gave across the same type of element of fear
that he was looking for in the game.
And so he's going to incorporate that same sense, that same emotional sense into the sequel.
But he also, though, tried to compare it to Zelda.
Saying that...
Oh, come on.
Saying that they're good games but out of time.
And I'm like...
Is that like Majora's Mask?
No, it just means that there's people who like happy and some people who like to play fucking depressing stuff.
I had...
Braid, in a way, was depressing to me.
Like, I don't know. There's definitely depressing games out there.
All the Silent Hill games are pretty depressing, too.
God, they're fantastic.
I actually think that the UFO endings on Silent Hill are more depressing.
I have really yet to play that game that makes me want to eat an entire canister of ice cream, though.
Like, you know, getting that depressed.
Like watching a Lifetime movie or one of Steel Magnolias or something.
I have yet to really see the video game equivalent of that.
Well, the only problem I have with games like that that'll be about an actual horrifying event like that.
Or even the World War II games is the people who, when they play those games, are like,
"'Cause I'm showing respect to the event and I'm remembering it. Nah."
And I'm like, "'Cause you're sitting on your ass in your living room on a couch pressing buttons."
So I'm like, that's the only...
But, you know, it could be a good game. I don't know.
I... You know what? I have to say, and I'm just gonna leave it here, and yes, it was incredibly awful,
but making a big to-do about that is actually just perpetuating fear.
We just need to go back to business as usual.
It kinda seems like this person's reaching for buzzwords that are gonna catch people's attention.
I'm thinking...
That's the impression I get.
I can understand trying to evoke an emotion, and I understand that was a very particularly...
Well, for lack of a better description, that was definitely a unique sort of feeling, you know?
The combination of gutted and really numb, I would think.
And I can understand someone trying to evoke an emotion that is that unique,
but at the same time, don't drag that into it. Just fucking drop it.
I gotta say, going to the depressing games topic, which is kinda open to thing in chat here,
I gotta say this. Kitsune says, Lost Odyssey made me sad.
It's very depressing, but it's a good game. That's a good point.
Lost Odyssey was really, really sad. That was a really good story, too.
That was a horrifically-underlooked game by a lot of people.
You know what? Another game had a really depressing ending?
Hmm.
Klonoa.
Really? I never played that to completion.
The game is, you start it off, it's all cutesy happy, cutesy happy.
Get towards the end of the game. Oh my god!
Wind Waker also said.
Really? I didn't really play enough of it.
No, I thought it was. I was like, I've been playing this game for 15 years,
and then this is what happens to the kingdom?
Okay. I don't want to get a depressing show, so let's go back to LoL RuPaul for a minute here, okay?
Apparently we have a friend at Sony that listens to the show,
and they're gonna email some people about the RuPaul game and making it happen.
So, god bless you. You are a public servant of the people.
You are a brave man, so best of luck with that.
It better have the word fierce in the title.
That's right.
And it better not be soccer practice.
God bless you, sir. God bless you. I hope it happens.
If they need input of any sort, please give them my email.
Also, I want to point this out.
SSJ100Matt made a good point.
Rob, seriously, keep wishing, because last time you did that, they made SingStar Abba.
This is true.
What if they did SingStar RuPaul?
I don't think that would work as much.
You could sing Back to My Roots, which is actually...
Okay, that song is a guilty pleasure for me.
No, I don't think I'd want an entire SingStar game out of RuPaul,
but I think they could make a party game out of drag races.
That would be totally great.
I think they could. RuPaul's Fierce Drag Race.
ZakuPilot256, there's the name right there.
It's got to have fierce in the title.
That's right.
Most Fiercest.
It just has to be...
This game is fierce, just buy it.
The end.
The title should just be This Game is Fierce.
Alright, Lord Almighty, let's get past the RuPaul thing.
I'm so sorry to our listeners.
I know it's my fault, but I neglected the chat.
Candy!
I was laughing so hard, I couldn't see the chat,
so I just went back and caught up on it and wanted to mention that.
Sorry.
Anyways, so there's a rumor going around that Mortal Kombat,
the team that's working at least on Mortal Kombat,
is trying to leave Midway.
I guess that's kind of like rats escaping a sinking ship.
So they're looking for new developers.
Yay.
Probably going to buy them up.
I can totally see that happening.
It'd be hilarious if Capcom bought them up.
That would be cool.
Actually, that would be all kinds of strange,
because you know there would be that inevitable
Street Fighter vs. Mortal Kombat game,
and that's just going to really weird a lot of people out.
That's going to be creepy.
That's going to be like when Sonic and Mario started showing up in the same place.
I have a feeling if they were ever going to leave Midway,
which I doubt that they will,
but if they were, EA would probably buy them up,
because EA likes to snatch up properties like that,
and they've got enough money to throw around.
So I wouldn't be surprised if we saw that.
Because, you know, EA needs a good fighting game franchise,
because that Marvel game that they put out sucked.
Did they do DC and Marvel?
Midway did.
No, it was Marvel vs. DC. Never mind, I'm stupid.
Mortal Kombat vs. DC Universe, yeah.
EA did Marvel Ultimate Alliance, right?
No, that was Activision.
EA did Rise of the Imperfects or something like that.
Oh, yeah, the Silver Surfer? No, it wasn't Silver Surfer.
No, Silver Surfer was also Activision.
Yeah, they did the Rise of the Imperfects game,
which is so ironic that they had Imperfect in the title,
but yes, it was not very good.
But, yeah, so we'll see if this actually happens.
I don't know.
I just have a feeling that Midway wouldn't part with the Mortal Kombat team that quick.
I mean, because if they do that, what does Midway have left?
I mean, nothing.
Not a lot of good stuff, at least.
Unreal Tournament, I guess? I don't know.
Eh, I don't know.
They're just in financial struggle right now, but I just, I don't know.
We'll see.
Well, I'm going to pull up a video here in studio,
and I apologize you guys can't see this on the radio,
but what's interesting about this, this is an Unreal...
Whoa, hello.
This is Unreal Tournament, but it's a Sonic the Hedgehog level
using the Unreal engine.
This is gorgeous.
I apologize for the volume. Good lord.
Let's see if we can turn that down.
There we go.
Oh, my God.
This is kind of interesting.
It looks a little bit like Smash Brothers.
It does kind of look like Smash Brothers.
There's giant lasers and lots of blood.
Very interesting level.
Somebody spent a lot of time on that, that's for sure.
They did something similar with, like, Legos and stuff before.
They had Lego maps and stuff, mods.
What's cool about stuff like this is, you know,
a member of the PC mods do work on the PlayStation 3 version,
so you can actually get this for the PlayStation 3 as well.
All right.
Enough of that background noise there from the game.
Question for you, though.
Which types of mods have you really been into for that?
I'm not an Unreal Tournament player, so I can tell you.
No, I'm not.
Well, what about, like, you know how they did with Quake?
Because, you know, there's a lot of Quake.
Oh, I love the Quake mods.
I love Kujo and the grappling hook,
because I'd be used to the grapples with the ceiling.
Yeah, the grappling hook was awesome in Quake.
That was a completely, like, user-done mod.
That changed the game significantly.
Yeah, I'd grappling hook to the ceiling and drop Kujo down
and have Kujo attack people, because it was awesome.
Oh, there's one that I like.
Hmm.
The cube mod.
Like the movie?
Yeah, like the movie.
For Quake?
Yeah.
Wow.
Because Quake's kind of old.
Well, not for Quake, but for one of the later...
Oh, okay.
Yeah.
They did a cube mod, and someone tried to do a hypercube one,
where it would randomly regenerate the room.
By the way, I don't mean to bring the Saw topic back up,
but Cube is a very good example of what's more of, like,
Cube's a very gory movie.
The first one especially is extremely gory.
I haven't seen the later ones, so I can't really speak for them.
The second one's kind of.
But more psychological.
Yes.
Very psychological, very intellectual type of movie.
Kind of just a good thing to kind of compare.
We're talking about this whole psychological thrill versus blood orgy.
My whole point between that is that I don't really want to see people put into situations
where they are forced to kill slash maim themselves or each other
to get out of the situation because of something someone else perceives they did,
or they might have done.
The cube, I think, is that you're putting the people together,
and they can either work together or they can kill each other.
And hypercube, they can just go crazy because time is freaking out.
I totally, I just want to say, I support you.
I cannot stand the Saw movies.
I'm like, because I saw part of one of them,
and the guy basically thinks he's helping them out by doing this.
Yeah.
And I'm like, dude, no.
I actually just went on Wikipedia to read the premise again.
And for me, I'm always the type of person that tries to get my brain into the character.
And that's something that just gives me a headache thinking about.
All right, I'm sorry. I didn't mean to open a can of worms.
I just wanted to mention that real quick.
Well, I will also say another defense.
How about those dolphins?
I will say another defense about that versus cube,
is that cube, you don't technically have an antagonist.
Technically.
You have the situation as your antagonist.
All right, let's move on. More gaming news. I'm sorry.
Dude, gotta.
Yeah, yeah, of course.
We want to get to the break and then get to part B.
It looks like we might do a list list after all tonight.
And I know we had talked about a topic before the show about doing the, what was it,
trick we would most want to see in Excitebots.
But I think I might have a better idea.
Let's do two.
What about this?
How about this for an idea for tonight's list list?
And maybe chat can give their input.
And if they have topic ideas, they can do that too.
What the DSI most needed in it to get me to buy one.
Feature that the DSI needed the most to get me to buy one.
Hmm.
That might be a good one.
Very topical. Think about it.
Hmm.
All right, we'll see.
Is it topical like an ointment?
All right, we'll see. Maybe the chat room has some better ideas.
If you have an idea for tonight's list list, let's send it over.
Well, we have some.
I got your joke. I got it.
I just didn't laugh.
Love ya.
Well, guess who I think is awesome?
Me.
Er.
Um.
Steve Weeby.
Oh, he's pretty cool.
For anyone who hasn't seen King of Kong,
the movie is pretty much about him.
Steve Weeby.
He's the guy who's trying to beat the big bastard Billy Mitchell,
who was the guy who had the Twin Galaxies highest score at Donkey Kong.
And Steve Weeby, he was just a really nice guy who thought he could do a better job,
and he beat the score.
And it turns out Billy Mitchell's a cock,
and sent in a videotape instead of coming in and doing it himself,
of him topping a million, over a million points on Donkey Kong.
Um.
So, Steve Weeby's going to be at E3.
And that is reason enough for me to go.
I want to witness this.
Here's what's interesting, though.
They did the same thing at E for All.
And to be fair to our, I guess you could say, you know, I don't know what to call it.
It's not really parent company, because we own ourselves.
But, you know, the company that enables us to do this live for you all every Sunday night,
All Games had a ginormous booth at E for All.
They had Steve Weeby there trying to break the score for Donkey Kong,
so it's kind of been there, done that.
So it's just interesting that now people seem to care because it's E3 and not E for All.
Which, you know, I get.
This is going to have far more people.
Yeah, but I also, nothing would have gotten me to go to E for All, I think.
Nothing.
E for All, to me, was just a ginormous waste of time,
and I could have slept, or done my laundry,
or, you know, washed dirty dishes with my tongue.
It just looked better on paper, I think.
It was one of those ideas that probably looked better on paper.
At any rate, this is funny because even the guys at Twin Galaxies
were just saying that it was completely awful of Billy Mitchell,
and he's just such a dick.
Oh my God, he's such a dick.
I don't like him.
Anyway, the other cool thing, though, is that with the two of them,
I think, I don't exactly agree with how my source says it,
because there have been other people who have hit the Donkey Kong kill screen,
but I think that those two are the only ones who have done it in a live event.
But the kill screen is basically after you pay so many levels of Donkey Kong,
it'll just stop.
It won't work anymore.
It'll just be game over.
It doesn't care how many extra lives you have or what your score is or anything.
It's just like, ugh, I'm dead.
Seriously.
Mario will be running around, freeze, dead.
Don't they show it in the movie?
Don't they show it in the movie?
Yeah, they show it.
But I've seen someone do it.
When?
A long time ago.
Huh.
I had to have been like 11.
Interesting.
And apparently, it was at Godfather's Pizza.
It seems to be one of those people who just didn't care.
Because we also had, I don't think I was that young.
I think I was a little older than that because we had one of the Mario machines,
the Nintendo arcade.
I bet there are a lot of people out there that could do it and just don't,
they don't want to get in the scene.
You know what I mean?
They do it for themselves.
I ask him if it broke.
If he broke the machine, he's like, yeah, I broke the machine.
And that's all I remember until I saw the movie.
But anyway, I really, I really, really would like to see him do it.
And I would love to be there when it happens.
I think it would be fantastic.
And that, and I would like to see what Billy Mitchell does about it,
just because he's a dick and I'm enjoying,
I'm kind of enjoying the drama a little bit, even though it's kind of stupid.
If he does, I will self-fornicate into my trousers.
Can we put it on the internet?
Can we broadcast that live on G4?
Yes, yes.
Remember, it's only porn if you tape it.
Immediately following, immediately following,
Steve, we'll be breaking the record live on G4.
We'll be live on G4, the doctor self-fornicating into his pants.
Trousers, all right, into his trousers.
He might not be wearing pants.
He might just be wearing the trousers.
AcidicVampire in chat says, I'd go to see Billy's flowing hair.
I don't think he's going to be there at E3.
All right, look, let's move on.
Maybe he will.
I don't know.
I'm a little low for the drama.
It was just a movie, people.
It was just a movie.
GS68 makes the best point, and immediately thereafter,
Billy Mitchell posts his new record on YouTube.
All right, look, a couple more news stories,
and we've got to take a break.
Yes.
So this is kind of funny.
For April Fool's Day, Bethesda decided
that they're going to go ahead and kind of do
a half-price sale on all the download content for Oblivion,
which is pretty cool, except there's a catch.
Horse Armor, they decided, you know what?
Horse Armor's awesome.
We're going to double the price of that, just to be funny.
To which I say nay.
I say nay.
And after that, he goes, hey.
OK, I had to throw that in.
I think this is their form of an April Fool's joke.
Like, not that it's a joke.
Like, it actually happened.
Yeah, it actually happened.
But I think it's like an April Fool's joke still.
You know what I mean?
Like, it was what they did in celebration of April Fool's
Day.
Because everyone realizes that, you know,
and including them that Horse Armor is ridiculous.
Yeah, I think even Bethesda realized, OK, you got us.
Horse Armor was pretty dumb.
But people still buy it.
Yeah, people still buy it.
I bet there's people that bought it with the double price.
And it doesn't make Oblivion a bad game by any means,
because Oblivion is one of the best games they've
made in many, many years.
And I can't wait for Elder Scrolls V.
Like, Elder Scrolls V will make me
self-fornicate in my trousers, I hope.
Because if it doesn't, I'm going to be very disappointed.
Feature net guaranteed.
All right.
Look, last week we brought you a story
about a man who was suing Microsoft and Lionhead
over reports that he was being harassed because he was gay.
You might remember about this.
Apparently, we're not going to get
to see the drama unfold in the courtroom,
because there has been a settlement.
Likely didn't think that would happen.
The case has been settled out of court.
Microsoft has released a very brief statement.
And guess what?
This is all you're going to hear on it,
because usually with these settlements come gag orders.
Microsoft says, we are pleased to have
reached a makeable resolution to this matter with Mr. Durant.
The terms of the settlement are confidential,
but we can confirm that Mr. Durant will not
continue his employment at Lionhead
as part of the agreement.
That's probably what he got for taking his case to the media.
But hey, it sounds like everybody got what they wanted.
Isn't Bill Gates gay?
No, he's a wife, dummy.
He's still gay.
Like, oh, get my stuff.
Oh, shut.
No, no, no, no, no, no.
All right.
So there you go.
Follow up to last week, to be fair.
We wanted to follow up on that.
It's kind of, we'll never know the real answer
because of the settlement, but that's life.
All right, let's get into a segment
we like to do here every week on Orange Lounge Radio.
It's called the classic video game of the week.
And as part of this segment,
Dark Sakura will dig into her archive of classic gaming
and find a title that she believes you all should be checking out.
She's been doing this quite a while now.
We have, like, over a year's worth of games
that they're tracking on the OLR Wikipedia,
which you can get to at OrangeLoungeRadio.com
and go to that little thing that says,
the little box in the corner with all the pictures
that has the big W in it,
and that's how you get to the Wiki on Wikia.
I can't remember the name of the box.
Extended play.
That's it.
Had a brain fart.
All right, anyhow, what is the classic game of the week this week, Dark Sakura?
The classic game of the week is Incredible Crisis.
That game is crack.
And by crack, I mean crack.
Welcome to Incredible Crisis.
This is a game that came out on the PlayStation.
And...
Incredible Crisis with puppies.
The game is about playing in a day in the family member's lives,
the main character being Taneo.
And they're trying to get everyone home early today
for Grandmother Haruko's birthday.
And this game very much is a parody of daily Japanese life.
This game is incredibly what the fuck.
For real. For real.
I can't think of many more WTF games that have ever been made.
I'll let Jamie explain.
Then I'll give my comment.
I'll say the music in the game if you'll listen to a little bit of it.
They're dancing, by the way, in the office.
I think that's not a good point.
It's done by the Tokyo Scott Paradise Orchestra.
So it's good music.
I love them.
So basically the way that this goes is you have a bunch of minigames
where you're playing through people's lives and it's sort of sequential.
Taneo, for example, this scene is him at work.
And they are dancing to relieve stress.
However, you've got this head meter
and just the redder and more full that it gets.
Finally his brain just explodes and he stresses out completely and freaks out.
So the way that it goes is that the main character is getting out of work
and he's attacked and has to get away from a boulder that's chasing after him.
And then the emergency crew straps him to a stretcher and send him into traffic.
So it's one of the minigames that's having to dodge traffic on a stretcher like a luge.
And then he meets this pretty lady and makes out with her in a Ferris wheel.
And so it's totally like, Rob, if you'll skip up to just a little bit further.
Any bit.
There it is.
This is it.
There.
Wow.
She tells you how to position yourself for the major boink action.
Well, technically the translation says he's giving an erotic back massage.
No.
Dude, they're doing it on a Ferris wheel.
Exactly.
And there's fireworks.
I don't think that's a back massage because that's not how we roll.
DJ Tyrant says, I jizzed in my pantsu.
I'll see you play as Etsuko who is the mother and she's out trying to buy stuff for Haruko's birthday
and she has to go to the bank and it's being robbed.
And just all this crap is happening to this family.
So the last one is about the little boy Tsuyoshi and more weird stuff.
He's like turned into an ant or something or shrunk to ant size.
It's like the game's just freaking bizarre.
It's so much weird crap this family has to go through all for the sake of getting home early.
You know, have a birthday party.
There are 24 mini games.
Some of them do repeat and it only is a one player game, but it doesn't.
It can still count as a party because really it's better to pass it around.
It's a lot of fun.
This game looks amazing.
What the fuck was I thinking?
I remember renting this game years ago and not liking it.
But granted, it was during a period of my life where I didn't play a lot of video games.
Admittedly, it was when I was in college and pretty much all I played was Final Fantasy 7 and Puzzle Fighter.
And I remember renting this game and going, what the fuck?
But now I would have an appreciation for the WTF factor.
And I'm a little disappointed.
I don't think it's available on the PlayStation 3 download library.
But seeing that Ferris wheel level, I'm kind of not surprised.
You can borrow mine if you want to.
Cool.
Because I have a goal this month to pick all games that I own.
Which isn't hard.
But also there were two mini games that actually were left out of the game.
Because they were very kanji intensive so they couldn't translate them.
It would have been for him...
It was very difficult to translate.
To actually translate the play of the game into it because of the way it involved the kanji.
But one of them was...
Involved the daughter and the family singing karaoke.
Which I think would have been fun.
But it's a pretty cool little game.
Deathwishing in chat says, seriously man, I wanted to break a brick over my head after I played this.
It freaked me the fuck out.
It was like taking acid smoking crackpot and then spinning around in a wash cycle.
And actually if you want to know...
I'll link this in the chat room.
But if you want to know a little bit about part of the problem that went into translating the game.
Or just stuff that goes into translating and localizing games.
There's an article and it's from last April actually.
It's called The Art of Translating Video Games.
And I will link that in the chat room for people to see if they're interested in it.
It's a pretty cool little article.
Alright, well that's going to do it.
Your classic video game of the week, Incredible Crisis.
Good pick DarkSakura.
This is one I kind of forgot about but what a WTF kind of game.
Oh, it really is, isn't it?
I love the game.
I mean, I think it's crazy, crazy crack.
This is exactly what the classic game of the week should be.
One of those games that you kind of forget about but you need to go back and say, wow, that game was like fucking nuts.
Alright, that's going to do it for this part A of Orange Launch Radio.
But stay tuned guys, we have plenty more to come here on Orange Launch Radio.
Tonight's part B. We're going to do a listless game.
I didn't see a lot of topics submitted in chat.
Although, to be honest, I kind of missed a bunch of stuff when they were doing Incredible Crisis.
So what do you want to do? Do you want to do the Excitebots thing or do you want to do the DSi thing? What do you think?
I have zero preference.
Zero preference? I don't know.
I'd like to do what kind of flavor does Jamie want for pie.
I don't think that's going to work.
Let's see how creative we can get making up a trick.
Alright, you want to do the Excitebots one?
No, I want to do the DSi one.
Okay, I think the DSi one is a little more open and topical. So we'll do the DSi.
We'll do the Excitebots one when the Excitebot comes out.
Okay, so DSi, feature we most want or wish...
No, how do we phrase this?
Feature the DSi should have had that would have made me buy it yesterday or today.
Okay.
Feature the DSi should have had that would have made me buy it today.
Because none of us bought it, right?
Okay, but if it had this feature, I would have.
So there you go.
Alright, we're going to answer that question and do plenty more here on Orange Lounge Radio, such as talking about Blizzard Entertainment and a possible interesting franchise they could be doing.
As well as a Silent Hill game on the Wii.
Wii!
We're going to talk all about that when we come back here on Orange Lounge Radio.
And welcome back, everybody, to Orange Lounge Radio on this Sunday evening, April the 5th of 2009.
We're taping live on All Games Radio, www.allgames.com, right after the Bobby Black Wolf show.
It's about 6 o'clock Pacific Standard Time, 9 o'clock Eastern, every Sunday night.
Join us for live taping, why don't you?
I'm sure you don't have anything better to do on a Sunday night.
There's nothing on TV, right?
Anyhow, Loki's here in studio, of course. He's playing through Ninja Blade.
So if you are joining us on this Sunday evening, check it out on Justin TV.
Dark Sakura's with us as well.
You guys are with us in our chatroom, chat.orangelandradio.com, and on the Skype line a little later in the show.
We'll be taking your calls and also playing listless a little later as well.
But we still have some news to get to, and Loki's going to start us off in this Part B with some news.
Yes, there's some interesting rumors coming out.
Well, actually, I'm getting ahead of myself here.
The rumor is that apparently the Lips mic is going to be good for things other than Lips.
And starting things off, Guitar Hero Metallica actually has support for the Lips mics.
And apparently, Rock Band 2 will be getting a patch sometime this summer that will also add support for the shiny mics.
Because, you know, nothing screams Metallica likes sparkles on the mics.
I don't know. I don't understand why you need it to be supported.
I mean, I would think if people, you know, have Guitar Hero Metallica, most people probably already have World Tour.
So, you know, I don't know.
But hey, support for stuff is always good.
Well, plus the Lips mark is sparkly, you know, and all that.
So, you know, who doesn't like sparkles?
Me.
Oh, good point. The Lips mics are also wireless, says ZachDeft in chat.
That's true. That's pretty good.
Isn't there a third-party wireless mic too, though?
Um, I don't know.
You know, I've never played the Lips games.
I'm just kind of burned out on the karaoke games.
Between the Rock Band, between SingStar, ABBA, and the other SingStar stuff that's available on PS3,
I kind of didn't want to get Lips because I don't need another one.
You know, SingStars, as far as karaoke games go, SingStar is rock solid enough, you know?
Lips kind of was late to the party, if that makes sense.
Also, possibly late to the party, a revival of Redneck Rampage?
Now, here's one of those things I look at and I go,
surely this is an April Fool's joke, but I...
I don't know. I mean, I'm looking at the...
Redneck Rampage is pretty freaking funny.
So it's a game about my hometown?
I think it's stupid. I think it's one of the stupidest video games I've ever seen.
Like, I realize it's supposed to be a parody, but WTF.
But, okay, wait, I'm not done yet.
But apparently this story broke on, like, the 4th of April or whatever, but here we go.
Blizzard, apparently there's a rumor that Blizzard Entertainment
actually has the Redneck Rampage brand right now.
And apparently this is some research done by a website called INC Gamers.
They were doing some trademark following or what have you.
And apparently Redneck Rampage was originally trademarked in 97,
then Redneck Rampage rides again.
Redneck Rampage sucking grits on Route 66.
Yes, that was really the name of apparently the 3rd game that was made.
They are apparently all now under Blizzard's control.
So Blizzard apparently owns the rights to, you know, these games.
And I don't know, is that through, like, acquisitions and things like that? Who knows.
But, yeah, and apparently, you know, Activision actually acquired the Redneck Rampage thing.
But why would it then be given to Blizzard and not Activision?
Don't know.
But apparently there are some Blizzard folks on staff who actually worked on the original Redneck Rampage.
I hope to hell this doesn't mean they're making a new one.
I mean, talk about unnecessary, unnecessarys.
X-Link in chat suggests Redneck for the iPhone.
You know what? I would rather it be something like that.
And DJ Tyrant said Blizzard isn't this stupid, are they?
And hopefully not.
DJ Tyrant, maybe it's something that's a nod to those employees who were there that worked on the game.
I don't know.
But let's just hope it's just an interesting observation and nothing more.
I don't know, DarkSakura, would you buy a new Redneck Rampage?
Would I buy it? No.
Would I buy it? Yes. Definitely.
I'll tell you what I'd buy. A new Hexic. Or Hexen.
Hexen!
Those games were pretty awesome.
Heck yeah, I love Hexen.
Anyhow.
That game was awesome, though.
What, Redneck Rampage?
It was using the same engine as Duke Nukem 3D, but it had more features for it.
How about they just bring us Duke Nukem Forever?
Yeah, Hexen uses the same engine as Quake, right?
Yeah.
And it was awesome.
I just like turning people into chickens.
Well, as we covered on our last show, we're actually supposed to be getting those arcade games coming out for the Wii service.
Well, Sega is also taking a step to put actual arcade games on Xbox Live Arcade a lot more than what we've been seeing lately.
We're getting, and this makes my heart soar, Virtualon or Tariotangrim.
I don't have to figure out my Dreamcast to play it, except I have twin sticks.
So it's better to play it on the Dreamcast, but I digress.
There's release ratings for Shinobi and Altered Beast.
So that means System 16 will be getting some of those.
That's cool.
Also, there is one that's rumored as a Sega Vintage Collection Volume 2.
And there's also other Genesis titles listed as Comic Zone, Sonic 3, Gunstar Heroes, and Phantasy Star 2.
Gunstar Heroes, of course, being one of the best Sega games ever.
Now, Comic Zone was already on the Virtual Console, though.
This is a Virtual Console. This is Live Arcade.
I thought you said for the Wii.
I started off with the Wii because we had talked about Sega arcade games coming out on Wii.
To recap, last week on Orange Challenge Radio, Rob ate a live frog.
And Loki's head exploded, leaving Jamie as the victor in Battle Royale Orange Challenge Edition.
Anyway, of course, you know, really you can play a lot of those on the Sonic Ultimate Genesis Collection.
Not Outrun, though.
Shinobi Arcade.
Not Outrun. Surprisingly absent from the collection.
Did you know that Yuji Naka officially retired?
I did hear that this week, actually.
I don't think it made our show roll for whatever reason, but I did hear that news.
Dan got to meet him.
Cool.
At E3! One year.
Isn't it random how you'll just run into people that you just totally adore for their video game creations at E3?
I got my hug on with not Koji Kondo, the other, Igarashi.
I got a picture with a Kiriyamaoka. That was the thing.
I would hump him.
Which E3 is not supposed to be about fanboy moments, but look.
Yes, it is.
Here's the thing.
In defense, look, I realize E3 is supposed to be a trade event only open to journalists and people in the media.
Here's the thing. A good game journalist is a little bit fanboy.
Little bit.
They need to be fair, but I think a good game, you have to have a passion for video games.
And you have to have your obvious favors and things like that.
So I completely justify my, you know, screaming like a little 12 year old girl when I saw a Kiriyamaoka, okay?
So there you go.
That, he's also, it doesn't hurt that he's really good looking.
Aww, Black Wolf and DJ Tyrant both in chat said, I met Rob Roberts at E3.
Aww.
Yeah.
No, we said celebrities.
We're internet celebrities.
Black Wolf said, I totally squeed with fanboy delight when I met Rob Roberts.
He did actually.
I have yet to meet Rob Roberts, just so you guys know.
We did the whole, oh my god, oh my god.
I totally blush with embarrassment after running into Hideo Kojima.
Like three E3s in a row.
I don't know how this happens.
If it happens again this year, I'm gonna just go off and cry, or tell him to give me a job.
Alright, let's move on with more gaming news.
Let's stop talking about E3 and who we may or may not see at E3 this year.
So, this is kind of weird, I guess.
Last week we talked about how File Front was going away, and, you know, oh darn.
But, apparently, it's back.
And, it says File Front has been acquired by the original founders of the site, and will not be suspended as previously announced.
This is not an April Fools joke.
And, that's funny.
So, what once was dead is now back.
Well, congratulations to the folks at File Front for inserting a coin to continue.
Congratulations.
That's all it took, right?
And, in other news, EGM is coming back.
Oh wait, no, that's not true.
April Fools.
Alright.
That would have been a great, like, EGM yearly joke, right?
Because they used to do these epic April Fools jokes every year.
Like, you know, remember Ermac in Mortal Kombat was born of an EGM April Fools joke?
That could have been their epic joke this year, that they're coming back.
And then, aw, April Fools, it's a joke.
That would have been insulting for their fan base, yes.
Alright.
Not an April Fools joke.
When this news broke on April Fools Day, a lot of us were like, is this an April Fools joke?
Apparently, it's not.
It was announced that there is a Silent Hill game coming out for the Wii.
It's called Silent Hill Shattered Memories.
Here's the thing.
It's a remake, sort of, of the first game, but they don't want you to call it a remake of the first game.
It's a reimagining of the first game.
Which, you know, means Boohoo, no Pyramid Head, but at the same time...
The first game didn't have Pyramid Head.
Right, Boohoo, no Pyramid Head.
But the first game was pretty fucking phenomenal.
And a lot of people still say it was probably the best game in the series.
So, you know, definitely going to be a must-have for Silent Hill fans.
And a quote from the magazine where this originally appeared, Nintendo Power.
The characters play different roles.
Things don't necessarily happen in the same order.
And the story is taken in lots of new directions.
You still play as Harry Mason.
You're still looking for your daughter.
You don't see familiar elements, but they're all twisted to betray your expectations.
So this is kind of cool because it sounds like maybe it's going to be fucking with what people are expecting in the game.
Because they think it's going to be a remake.
That's going to be kind of cool.
So, apparently though, yes, they are going to exploit the Wii thing a little bit.
They are going to use some of the Wii remote action.
Some of the in-game puzzles will use Waggle in it.
You know, I heard...
Maybe I'm not supposed to repeat this, but I heard a long time ago...
Rumors that there were some tests being done in Konami of a Silent Hill type game where you would use the Wii mode as the flashlight as you were moving around.
And doesn't that sound scary?
I hope that concept made it into this game somehow.
I think that could be super creepy.
Fantastic.
And pretty cool.
If executed correctly. I mean, it could also be kind of dumb.
And thank god, because they should have been doing this kind of stuff on the Wii since the beginning.
So if they start doing that, great.
Yeah.
By the way, also, fans, you should know, part of the thing that bugged about the first Silent Hill game, that locked doors were everywhere.
Now there will be a way through every locked door.
You will no longer have to find that most of the doors in the game are permanently shut.
Sounds like it's going to be pretty awesome.
So, I'm definitely looking forward to this.
More information, at least.
I bet this is going to be one of the big things we're going to see at E3.
Or, Konami's having an event, if I remember right, this next week.
I mean, we weren't invited, but they're doing the Saw thing, and I know they're showing that.
I wouldn't be surprised if this shows up as well, along with your mandatory DDR and Yu-Gi-Oh for the year.
So, we'll see.
And, oh yeah, don't forget Winning Eleven.
All those games, you've got to get your mandatory entries for the year in there.
So, we'll see.
Are you excited about the Silent Hill Wii make?
Yes.
You're a clever one.
Alright.
Rob made me go hee for a game on the Wii.
Well, good. Let's hope there's more Wii-going Wii games later on.
Do you think you might have one in this next story, Dark Sakura?
I might.
Mm-hmm.
We can see.
Mm-hmm.
Because it's about Puyo Puyo.
Oh, never mind then.
Oh, hush.
There was, I don't know if you remember hearing about Project Ringo.
There had been talk going around about it.
It turns out that Project Ringo is a new Puyo Puyo game that's going to be on DS, Wii, and PSP.
And, of course, we get it as Puyo Pop.
And it will be technically it's just Puyo Puyo 7, which is more Puyo Puyo.
But you also will have a transformation mode, which will let you actually deflect attacks,
instead of, I guess, just preventing them from happening, and have larger chain combos.
So, that would be pretty cool.
But there should be some, I would say, information on the Project Ringo site when it actually goes active.
Actually, I think it is active.
Yeah.
It is active as of the third.
So, I'll link that into the chat room.
But it's the same damn puzzle game you've played for the last, like, 20 years, right?
Yeah.
It's more Puyo Puyo.
All right.
But, hey, if it's got online and you say something-
It's not Puyo Puyo!
Game guru being a butt.
All right.
But you are a big fan of the Puyo Puyo series, so you'll probably buy this if no one-
I'm a big enough fan to pronounce it correctly.
All right.
Yes.
And, I don't know, we kind of talked a little bit in Part A about the new, well, not really a new game,
but, you know, Tales of Vesperia coming to the PS3.
Well, there is a new Tales game coming to the Wii as well, Tales of Graces.
And it's been announced for the Wii thanks to Fumito Magazine.
And it looks actually neat.
It's supposed to be, I don't know, similar to, I guess, the other Tales games as far as appearance goes.
They haven't really said, you know, what the game is about other than, you know, as an adventure protecting people.
Or is it just waggle, waggle, waggle?
So the last Tales game that they put out was okay on the Wii.
And then this is supposed to be coming out in Japan in the winter.
So I guess we'll see more about this later on.
Well, some rumors are going around about upcoming Wii titles.
There's apparently a list that was leaked to the internet this week showing an upcoming release date list of some various games coming out on the Nintendo Wii.
But here's the interesting thing. It dates Wii Motion Plus and Wii Sports Resort on July 10th.
It also dates, here's the other interesting thing, Wii Fit Plus on November 19th.
Nintendo repackaging something and slapping Plus in front of it? No. You don't say.
Well, now here's something you should take though from this.
And, you know, yes chatters, I am aware.
Apparently this list came out of the Netherlands.
It wasn't actually from the US.
And, you know, take it with a grain of salt.
But I think most of us are looking at this going, Wii Fit Plus? Yeah, I can see that.
And I can see that happening.
That's innovation for you.
Well, but why, you know, why Nintendo should be leaking their release dates?
I don't know what the secrecy is. It's like, my god, we're not going to tell you.
It's like, good god.
Somebody might steal the idea to repackage something and add Plus to it.
Oh, wait a second. Guilty Gear did it first.
Well, doesn't, I mean, Loki, you kind of have an insider perspective on this.
Don't sometimes the retailers and the folks on the inside have to know this a little sooner before the consumer?
Yes, because Nintendo's a bitch and they, other than providing horrible pricing on stuff,
they also require two months prior notice for as far as orders and stuff go.
And then they tell you, oh, by the way, you're only getting 10% of that.
So, yeah, something like this, I could see them, you know, positioning it as, you know, a big holiday title.
You know, they're trying to basically, because Wii Fit, you know, it's still doing very well, it's still very hard to find,
and now we're going to have Wii Fit Plus.
No, no, no, no. I saw a stack of Wiis at two different Best Buys this weekend.
Wii Fit.
Oh, sorry, Wii Fit. I've still seen that around, too.
It's still, you'd be surprised, it's still hard to get from Nintendo.
Same with Mario Kart. What the hell is up with Mario Kart? I don't get that either.
But, for whatever reason, I could totally see this happening, you know, and it's going to be something stupid.
I don't know if it's going to now support Wii Motion Plus for something, but I'm not buying it, that's for sure.
Probably more crappy minigames. I mean, well, I shouldn't say that.
You know, Wii Fit isn't bad, per se, it's just not for the hardcore gamer.
But there's definitely an audience for it. It's not a bad piece of software, let's put it that way.
But really, okay, let me put it this way. Is this what they're going to come, you know, is this what they're going to basically load their guns with for their E3 press conference?
Because if they're like, and you thought we forgot you, core gamer, Wii Fit Plus.
Yeah, because right now it's looking like more of the same, and that's scary.
Well, no, I actually think that the Motion Plus is going to be the big thing.
But my concern is, because Nintendo is such a bitch about revealing things to people or telling them stuff,
I'm just afraid that they're going to alienate the developers and nobody's going to develop anything.
You know, I think number one, they should have developed Wii, I mean the Wiimote should have had this extra sensor in it anyway.
But then I just think they're going to alienate the producers again and nobody's going to make good games for it.
Here's what's going to happen. They basically said, okay, how are we going to make money based on, you know, our previous history with stuff?
What's sold so far? Okay, let's look at it today.
Okay, what's our number one selling product? Peripheral with game for, you know, like ten bucks more, okay?
So we tried that again with the Wii Zapper. Not quite, you know, where we needed to be, you know, it's peripheral with, you know, a game.
But it still sold pretty well because of that.
Now, okay, what else sells really well? Well, everyone buys a Wii system for Wii Sports.
Okay, there we go. We're going to do Wii Sports Resort. We're going to throw in something that people need to buy.
So not only is it the Wii Sports angle, but it's also the Wii Play angle at the same time.
Oh, and now we're going to do the same thing, you know, with Wii Fit.
We're going to do Wii Fit Plus. We're going to add some other new thing that people probably don't need.
And then we're going to try to resell it again because people eat up Wii Fit and they want to buy a Wii system for Wii Fit.
What about the Core Gamer? Oh, well, you get some ported GameCube games. Sweet.
And then we get, you know, a version of Excite Truck, which has really been toned down kid-wise.
And I hear they removed the whole, you know, custom soundtrack thing, which sucks.
Why? Let's go step backwards, you know, as far as innovation goes.
And I will bet you anything there will be multiple colored Wiimotes and people will piss themselves over it because I don't know why.
Oh, I got to own a red remote now.
I just have to disagree on the MotionPlus because for a lot of us that bought the Wii, we thought it was going to have one-to-one control from the beginning.
And I still think it should have. I don't understand why they didn't just make the Wiimote with this extra.
And I've heard people, I've heard things online that say that it does add that one-to-one control and the possibilities are great.
I just, I'm going to be pissed if Nintendo alienates all the producers again and doesn't actually, you know,
like I heard that LucasArts was upset because they weren't aware of this before they came out with their lightsaber game.
Yeah, AlphaKananagram backing you up in chat says they already alienated the devs.
That lightsaber game and the game using the lightsaber, the devs were pissed.
And sure enough, what does Wii Sports Resort have? Like a fencing game that is, it's fucking lightsabers.
And so I think that the potential is huge for those of us who bought the Wii.
We were willing to sacrifice graphics because it was going to have this complete interactivity of one-to-one control.
I'm just afraid that they're not going to support people on this, so.
You know, maybe we'll get knocked completely on our ass that they're going to reveal that game for the core gamer.
They're going to, you know, Reggie's going to whip it out and say, you know, here it is, Kid Icarus, the game you've all been waiting for, something like that.
You know, and it's going to rock.
Right, I hope.
I hope.
I'm just going to put out a good music game again.
I'm sorry. I'm sorry. There are patterns for a reason. And, you know, what they're going to announce, what?
A new Pikmin game. Big whoopin' shit, okay?
You know, big deal, okay? New Pikmin game. Oh, the fans have been crying for it, yada yada yada.
Maybe a new Zelda game.
Okay, we're really going to get down to the point where we're just re-releasing the same franchise games over and over.
Let's do something new, okay?
I mean, the Wii Sports stuff is okay, but let's create a new character. Let's do something different.
Let's make, you know, something really epic.
But no, we're going to, you know, now you see the majority of the people that own Wiis aren't the core gamer anymore, so you're not the target audience.
And so, unfortunately, you're not going to get these games, or if you are going to get these games, there's going to be sacrifices made, and you're going to have to wait a long time for them.
You know, so if you want your new Zelda game, well, you better be prepared to wait until, like, 2010 fall, you know, if that.
And I totally agree with you. I totally agree, and I think that my thing is with the Wii Motion Plus is that this would open up the possibility for that true new style of gaming that we were all expecting with the Wii, where it's like your virtual reality, but I'm just afraid that the third-party producers are not going to feel like they're supported by Nintendo.
I don't think that is. What's going to happen is you're going to see a bunch of these games now. It supports the Wii Motion Plus. It's a sequel, Red Steel 2.
Oh, but the controls still suck. You know, it's not going to help anything. It's good as a new tool and stuff, but it's not anything innovative.
It's not, it's not, it's just fixing a problem. That's all it is.
And it's another peripheral that they can sell for ten bucks, bundle it with a game, and then they're going to include, you know, the remotes. They're going to have it built into it now.
And then it's going to be something else. It's going to be always something to fix the flaws of what the system was.
Not new. And I won't be damn surprised if there's anything from this press conference that surprises me.
But, you know, last year it was just like, yep, stupid peripheral. Really funny.
You know, with the whole Wii Zapper. It used to be awesome. The original Wii Zapper was really kick-ass.
When they first showed off, you know, the prototype and all that stuff, they should have stuck with that.
No, now it's a plastic shell that I don't even use anymore. The third-party peripherals are better than the goddamn Wii Zapper.
All right. Well, we'll see. We are two months away from E3, and a lot of these questions will be answered.
But in the meantime, we're going to answer some of your questions by going to a segment we like to do every week known as the Orange Lounge Radio Mailbag.
By the way, I do want to remind everybody in studio and in our chat live that we are doing List List tonight.
And the topic tonight for List List, which we'll get to a little later in the show, but everybody should be thinking about their lists, right, for List List. It's been a little while.
It would be the feature that the DSi should have had to get me to buy one today. So be thinking about that.
In the meantime, let's open up the mailbag, mailbagorangehoundsradio.com, and read some of your emails right now.
DarkSakura.
We have one from Deathwishing. Hey, guys, remember how I called and ranted about how Microsoft stole my $20?
I do remember that.
Well, patience paid off. Not only did I get my original points of $1600 back, but I threw in an extra $1600.
I guess this shows you that being polite and waiting gets you a reward better than bitching 24-7.
Anyways, I'm gonna sleep now. K, thanks, bye.
I'm glad to hear all was resolved.
This is the next one is from Isabelle.
Well, first off, I want to start off by saying hi. How's it going? I haven't been able to listen to the show for a long while now, and I hope all of it is great for you guys.
Now to get to the point of my email, I finally got to play Tatsunoko vs Capcom after what seems like a million years, and all I have to say about that game is wow.
I've heard how you guys said it was well done and really awesome, but I didn't expect it to be this awesome.
I played its arcade version, and for an arcade game, it's really good.
DarkSakura, have you gotten to play the arcade version?
Another arcade game I got to play was Tekken 6.
Just from the arcade version, I can tell that once it hits homes, no one will leave their couches. Yes, it really was that good.
So I wish you all the best, and thanks for taking time for reading this email.
I actually haven't played the arcade version yet. I never got a chance to go check it out at any of the state local places that have it.
Yeah, I had no idea there was an arcade version of Tatsunoko vs Capcom. That's pretty rad.
Well, it originally was the arcade version.
You know, and I should have known that, but yet I didn't. I don't know why.
But I have played the Wii version, and I played with Jun and Ken as my team, and I was very happy with it.
I still need to get out and play Tekken 6, because I love Tekken and everything.
So, no, but I can't really say anything else I got, you know, more about any arcade versions of them.
Just that Tatsunoko vs Capcom is super cool.
And the last email. This comes from Spirit of Radio.
Okay.
I've been playing video games since I was little and never been scared in any game.
I'm sorry, but Silent Hill 2 to 3 are boring and controls like garbage.
I will agree with some of the control issues.
The only game that honestly gave me a hard time going to sleep was the original Manhunt.
The concept of someone forcing you to do snuff films is the stuff of nightmares.
Cool first time sending guys an email. Anyways, keep up the great podcast, you guys.
Also, Manhunt is something that I find repugnant. I don't really care for the game at all.
I like the psychological type of edge. The stuff that requires intelligence and not, you know, blood.
Well, yay for first time emailers, if nothing else.
Yeah. Thanks for emailing. Keep it up.
Alright. That's it for the emails. Alright.
Mailbag at orangelaungeradio.com if you want to send us an email for reading in a future show.
In the meantime, let's get back to some gaming news. We just have a few more stories and then we're going to get into tonight's list list.
And we're going to respond to some of the tweets we got on Twitter this week.
We're going to respond to those in just a little bit.
We got one more round of stories, though, starting off with Loki.
Yes. It's interesting how, you know, April Fool's jokes can now become reality.
Basically, THQ and the developers of Red Faction, Guerrilla, had a funny little video that they put out of a fictional weapon that they were going to, you know, originally they were teasing.
They were going to include in the game the Ostrich Hammer, which is basically a giant ostrich that you use as a hammer.
And funny enough, it actually made it into the game.
Of course, it shouldn't be a surprise that the company behind it, Volition, also puts out Saints Row.
So they are, of course, very used to quirky, weird shit.
So, Ostrich Hammer, that almost sounds like something that should be in, like, Team Fortress 2, but...
Sounds like the name of a real good metal band.
Ostrich Hammer!
But, yeah, so you'll be able to hit people with an ostrich.
Well, maybe you can use the Ostrich Hammer to mash buttons as fast as you can.
It's a new app that's coming to the iPhone. It's called the Hudson Button Masher.
And, yes, all you do in this game is you mash buttons.
Look, here's the thing.
I guess what the deal is is that there's this guy at Hudson, you go all the way back,
and that's actually where the name Master Higgins comes from, was his name.
That's where the guy in Adventure Island comes from.
Apparently, he was really, really famous in the 1980s because he could actually press a button 16 times in one second.
16 times in one second, if you can believe that.
Now, they made this little device back in, like, the 80s to kind of cash in on this whole button mashing thing called the Shooting Watch.
And you could use this to try and match, beat, or try and tie this guy's score.
Well, Shooting Watch has now been ported to the iPhone, so you can try and mash buttons as fast as you want.
But here's the thing.
I don't think this thing's going to be that...
It's going to cost you 99 cents. It's not going to be as real as the real deal because I don't think the iPhone screen is good enough.
It's not going to match the electronics of an actual button.
But look, if you just want a stupid app, pointless thing, have fun.
I guess you could say a little piece of history.
There might be people that remember these things.
Whoa.
Not yet. It's not time for listless yet. Shut up.
There might be people that remember these things that want to, you know, relive it.
I guess it's 99 cents. I don't know.
Impress your friends with how fast you can hammer the screen on your iPhone.
Whatever.
Yeah, and break your iPhone screen, please.
16 times in one second.
Like, imagine, 16 times. Ready?
One 1,000.
Okay, 16 times. Right in that.
Crazy.
One more story, then listless.
That makes my brain hurt to think about.
That would have come in really freaking handy doing the drinking minigame in Chrono Trigger.
Anyway, speaking of, for iPhone, there is actually a good game coming out.
Cooking Mama's a good game. This is a good game.
There is a version of Galaga that is coming out, which was...
You could actually play this particular version in...
I do believe that it came out in 1981? No.
There was the 1995 one.
That was the Galaga Remix.
But, Galaga Remix is coming out on iPhone.
I remember that. Wasn't that packaged with Pac-Man and Dig Dug Remixes?
I do believe so.
I think so. I remember. They had that at a local arcade around here. It's closed down.
And actually, as far as I was always aware, the Galaga Remix was based off of the Galaga 90 and Galaga 88.
But that was just in my observation.
But it's supposed to be coming out on the iPhone.
And it will be $5.99.
And you can use directional buttons, but there's also a sliding method and there is a tilt method.
Which I'm going to use the buttons, I swear.
Because trying to play pole position in tilt mode is not fun.
So, it's going to be pretty good. I think it's going to be good.
I was watching a video about it. It looks pretty good.
Let's have an interesting round table on this point here before we get into the list tonight.
Because an interesting comment was said in chat.
And I think everybody might want to have to say something to this.
GameGuru in chat says,
I don't see how you love the iPhone and hate on the DSi.
Apple's worse with updating hardware.
I didn't say I hate it.
No, you as in all of us.
Well, I don't hate the DSi.
I just haven't, I have other things to spend my money on right now, like Disneyland.
As far as, for me, here it is.
I already have a Nintendo DS.
What does the DSi add to it that the DS didn't already have?
Like, you know, I'm not saying the DS is a bad gaming system. It's not.
And if you don't have a DS yet, the DSi is probably a pretty good purchase for you.
I would actually recommend it over the DS at this point.
Because you know there's going to be those games later on that are going to have the DSi only functionality.
So you might want to think about that.
But with the iPhone, at least before I got one, there was really nothing like it out there before.
And yeah, Apple's really bad about releasing these updates with the 3G and the GPS and all this stuff a year later.
But at the same time, they're also really good about updating the software.
Like, think about it. The iPhones, when they first launched, didn't have the App Store and the user-made apps and those things built into it.
So, you know, that was something that Apple added for everybody.
You know, whereas I feel like with the DSi, there was nothing being given to current DS users.
You can't update the firmware on the DS.
So, I don't know.
I think for me, there's kind of the difference in those two things.
And the iPhone's not perfect.
You know, yeah, Apple is a huge abuser of this whole, let's upgrade the whole thing in a year and watch everybody buy it all over again.
But, you know, we give them crap for that, too, and it's deserved.
So, anyway, speaking of that, let's get to tonight's List List.
Now, I know it's been a while since we've done one of these on the show, so let me remind everybody how it works.
We are going to make the ultimate list, the definitive top three list.
And we're going to use our live chatters to help, along with the folks here in studio.
Those of us here in studio have paired our top three answers.
We're going to compile those into a list of 12, since there's four of us tonight.
Then we're going to go around the room and each one of us is going to take something off of the list, leaving a list of eight.
Then you guys in chat will vote on that list of eight and make our top three using your votes.
And then we will have the definitive top three list, no arguments, no debates.
It is the official list.
All right.
I say that, but of course there's always room for debate.
Okay, so that being said, tonight's topic, feature that should have been on the DSI that would have got me to buy one today.
Who wants to start us off tonight?
How about Loki? Loki's always got some evil answers for us.
Loki, what is your number three answer of the feature the DSI should have had?
You know, I was thinking a bunch of different things.
Let me say this, I'm sorry, real quick.
If it matters, if you have ideas, put them in our chat room, because if one of us gets an answer stolen,
like somebody else says the same answer we were going to use, usually we take backup answers from chat.
So just want to get that out there.
Which would be kind of neat.
I mean, I don't really use this on the Wii, but like the DSI message board.
You know, basically allowing you to send emails and attachments and stuff like that to each other.
Really, you know, DSI should have a lot of stuff that the Wii has, but you know, that's what I'm going to start with.
Alright, not a smart-ass answer from Loki, I'm impressed.
That's a very reasonable good answer.
Should be a way to email each other and have, you know, all that stuff.
A DSI message board, I like that.
The Doctor!
We'll just go on a line here.
Doctor, what is the number three feature the DSI should have had to get you to buy one today?
Voice recognition.
Software.
I think that would be an awesome feature in games.
You speak and then it responds.
Well now, I think about brain training and you have the blue and some of those things, but what would be-
It's so rudimentary, like actual practical where you could say, you know, you cast a spell in a fantasy game and they do it, you know.
I want to cast Magic Missile!
Yeah, really fully developed voice recognition software.
Improved voice, okay, I can go with that.
Alright, alright, cool.
Alright, I'll go next and my number three answer I'm going to use tonight is open app development like the iPhone.
That they should open up, because they're going to have this DSI downloadable stuff, I think they should open it up.
I think open app development is going to be my number three answer.
That anybody should be able to make a DS game.
Because the community, I think, could come up with some good stuff and maybe like a message board.
And I think it's been very good for the iPhone, so if we're going to make that comparison, then there you go.
DarkSoccer, you're number three.
Me.
Interesting.
I honestly think having your me being able to travel, you know, from your Wii to your DSi to go visit other people's, you know.
Technically they can already do that.
Well, they're going to have support for it, but yeah, they should.
You haven't integrated it into the actual OS of the system.
And I think it's kind of forgotten that you can put those things on the Wiimote, too, because there's not a lot of practical use for it.
You know what I mean?
I've brought mine over to your house before that way.
I remember that.
I remember that.
Okay, so Mii integration, I guess we could say.
Better use of the Miis on DS.
I like that idea.
Okay, Loki.
You know what would be kind of cool?
Bluetooth.
Okay.
Because just think of it as you will.
You could use your Wii Remote for motion sensitive games.
You know, not necessarily obviously waggling your Wii Remote around, but like racing games or something like that.
You could use it for wireless headsets.
Okay, okay.
Communication with other devices.
Okay.
The doctor, what's your number two?
The tilt feature, the motion feature like the iPhone is.
Are you guys wanting to turn the DSI into an iPhone?
What's going on here?
Oh, I guess I did one, too.
All right, what do you think the tilt feature would add to the DSI?
Well, gimmicks, but it seems like that would not have been a useless feature like the camera.
I'm sorry.
All right, my number two answer I'm going to say is, okay, I'm going to give the first smart ass answer of the night.
A virtual boy slot would have been something, too, since they're going to get rid of the Game Boy Advance slot.
Give me a virtual boy slot to give me a use for those games that are just collecting dust from the great red headache machine of death.
So a virtual boy slot.
Dark Sakura, your number two pick for a feature that you most would want to see in the DSI that would have gotten you to buy one.
TV tuner.
Oh, I like, I like that.
Okay, TV tuner.
I mean, if the freaking Turbo Express, the handheld Turbo Graphics could have a TV tuner.
And NEC didn't really, well, they kind of did.
But anyway, why can't the other links have one, too?
Why not?
Why the heck not?
Okay, I'll tell you why not.
The nomad.
No, I'm kidding.
Because they're getting rid of analog TV signals soon.
Doesn't matter.
Have a digital TV tuner.
No.
That's impossible.
Yes.
Impossible.
All right.
Now we're getting to the number one answers.
The number one feature you want to see in the DSI that would get you to buy the system right now.
Loki, what is your number one answer?
My number one answer is there's nothing they can do.
Honestly, they would have to, it's made out of bacon.
I don't know.
I have no number one answer.
Made out of bacon.
Or at least scratch and sniff bacon smell.
I don't know how with that.
Made out of bacon.
Bacon integration.
All right.
I like made out of bacon.
All right.
The DSI would sell, you would have bought one today and it was made out of bacon.
The doctor, your number one answer for what would have got you to buy the DSI today.
Since I guess the theme is crazy stuff now.
Like, you know, you can interact with it, it can interact with you back.
So like an energy hand will come out and like slap you in the face.
Is that your real answer?
That is.
And my final answer.
Energy hands.
You know, there's so many apps for that.
Slap in the face.
Helps with self-trouser fornication.
Hands made out of pure energy.
All right.
My number one answer, it's a little bit long, but this is a true answer by the way.
This is not a smart ass answer.
My number one answer for the thing that would have most got me to buy a DSI today.
Virtual console games on my goddamn DSU money-sucking pieces of shit.
My runner up answer would have been a multi-touch touch screen, but you know.
Like anything with a multi-touch touch screen.
We're not just limiting it to the iPhone.
All right.
Enough about you.
Let's talk about me and my answer some more.
Virtual console games on my goddamn DSU money-sucking pieces of shit.
I think that speaks for itself.
I bought these games for five damn dollars.
I ought to have the right to download it.
PS3 does it.
Why can't Nintendo do it?
Why can't you do it?
You got rid of the advanced slot, so don't give me that argument you released on the Game Boy Advance.
But now I can't play them anymore.
So he does what Nintendon't.
All right.
DarkSakura, your number one answer.
Mine would be to take PictoChat and make it truly networking, as in you can hop on the Wi-Fi,
and you don't have to be just in the general vicinity of somebody else with one.
You can draw penises on full-blown penor on people's DSIs in Malaysia.
Or an enhancement of that.
It could be like there's a camera on it, like video chat.
Can I just say PictoChat across the internets?
That would be cool.
All right.
There you go.
Although my bullshit answer could either be a Jelly Belly dispenser or gay porn.
Gay porn.
All right.
Gay porn always sells.
Let's see what the chat room had to say with some answers there.
Let's see.
We had a DDR pad was one answer.
Airport tuner, shortwave tuner.
We tried a DDR pad, remember?
Legend of Zelda ghost camera.
A vibrator.
I think I saw different forms of vibrator, a trance vibrator was one that came up as
well.
Let's see.
What do we have as well?
Laser Cats DSI game at launch would have made it better.
That's from S2100mat.
Virtual handheld for Mac Dev.
Kind of like my answer.
How about a fart sound maker or a swear button from the Dark Knight?
All right.
There you go.
Some of the answers we have from chat.
But sadly...
You know, they did make a DDR pad, though, for the Game Boy back in the day.
Way back in the day.
I have one.
Because they brought out the super midi version of DDR.
They were kind of shit.
They were funny.
Was it for your fingers, though?
Yeah.
ActDeft wins a RuPaul game for the DSiWare.
All right.
Here's the list so far, but now we're going to get to the elimination round.
Here we go.
DSI message board.
Voice recognition software.
Open app development.
Miis.
Bluetooth integration.
Tilt feature like the iPhone.
Virtual voice slot.
TV tuner.
Made out of bacon.
Energy hands.
Virtual console games on my goddamn DS, you money-sucking pieces of shit.
And PictoChat across the internets.
Loki, which one of these is not worthy of the list?
Energy hands, I'm sorry.
Energy hands.
Maybe just a little too soon for energy hands.
All right.
The Doctor, which one of these is not worthy of the list?
The virtual voice slot.
Oh, you bastard.
All right.
Virtual voice slot comes off the list.
I am going to say, I have to be honest, the one I've got to take out is voice recognition
software.
Sorry, Doctor, that's not a retaliation thing, but I just think that would be hoarded to
the extreme and would just make the thing crap.
Dark soccer is going to be the last one to eliminate dark soccer.
Which one of these is not worthy of the list?
It was a toss-up between one and made out of bacon.
And I'm going to take out the tilt function because I'd rather be made out of bacon than
have tilt function.
All right.
So there you go.
Trust me.
I don't want them to even remotely consider it because some of these iPhone games are
unplayable because they have tilt function.
All right.
Fair enough.
Fair enough.
But then you have some good ones, too, like Rolando is kind of cool.
Let's check it out.
But I like bacon, too.
No, seriously.
Fair enough.
Every Friday after typography class now I have to go have bacon because bacon is meat
candy.
Fair enough.
All right.
So here we go.
Now here's the list you guys will vote on.
Spotify message board, open app development, Miis, Bluetooth integration, TV tuner, made
out of bacon, virtual console games on my goddamn DS, you money-sucking pieces of shit,
and Picto chats across the internets.
Place vote now.
Send a private message with your number one and number two answer.
Make sure both are labeled or I will assume the first is your number one.
Send those over private message to Rob Roberts in chat room.
And if you don't know how to do that, ask somebody or maybe somebody will mention it
in chat how to do that right now.
Place those votes within the next 120 seconds you have to vote.
And we will tally it up and reveal for you who won a little later on in the show.
For now, while those votes are coming in, let's take a trip over to our Twitter.
And we're actually going to look at, you know, we put a call out on Twitter today saying,
you know, we're a little short on stories this week.
What do you guys want to see us talk about?
And we put the call out on Twitter.
And we did get some replies, some various tweets in our response here.
And I wanted to read some of those for you guys right now,
although right now I'm seeing a lot of gaming weeks.
Let's see.
We talked about the, let's see.
Act Def says talk about the March Madness winner some more.
We kind of talked about that already.
DJ Ratchet wants to know about the new PSP and PS2 Jackson Dexter game,
which we talked about earlier.
ZakuPilot256 asks, DSI, is it worth the upgrade?
Can I get a side of handheld console wars as well, please, lol.
There hasn't been a lot of PSP bashing tonight.
I don't know.
Is there, is the DSI, I mean, okay, let me back up.
The PSP's kind of a little bit behind in the console wars right now,
but the DSI is kind of out there to increase the lead, so to speak.
I know what we could talk about.
Did you hear about that news story where Sony apparently put out a press release
saying that, basically saying the DSI was a kiddie system,
and then touted that it had a Miley Cyrus game in the exact same press release.
Did you hear about that?
Well, I mean, they have their own kiddie stuff on the PSP,
but yes, it's mainly the DS that has kiddie stuff,
but that's, you have to understand, though, there's a double edge to everything.
I mean, because, yeah, you know why there's more kiddie games in there?
Because more kids own a DS than a PSP.
D'oh.
Well, you know, I got to disagree with that a little.
I just, I don't like all these uber-violent, uber-serious games.
I'm like, I fall asleep watching COD, I'm sorry.
So I like the more down-to-earth or the more silly games myself, so.
Well, but here's the thing, and I still feel this way,
and you know, maybe, okay, the PSP is still like games and more.
It might not be the best system at games, even though it still has,
you know, it does have Disada, it does have some games that are pretty awesome,
but the PSP is still, you know, for that college kid.
This is like the great college system, because you've got your MP3 player,
you've got your little internet browser you can use at Starbucks,
you've got your gaming system, you know, it's all right there.
And I think the DSi was trying to compete with that a little bit,
but it didn't work, because, you know, where's the internet?
Where is the MP3 player built in?
None of that is here.
So I still think the PSP excels at being more than a gaming,
but if all you want is handheld games, I think the DS still wins.
And then also the DSi, though, I mean, their music player is kind of crap,
because it's only the AAC format or whatever,
which I understand, you know, iTunes and stuff, that's fine,
but really I think it should have been MP3.
I mean, come on, man, give it the times.
And then also, you know, there's the internet browser,
which apparently is not very good anyways, so it's like, ugh, okay, whatever.
And then, you know, what, the photo manipulation stuff?
Really? Is that what you're going to do?
A photo manipulation? Is that really that important?
Are we going to, like, throw those around the internet now
and take pictures and manipulate them with silly faces,
like you couldn't do that in Microsoft Paint or something?
I mean, come on.
It's just, it's got potential, but they're never going to utilize it,
and that's sad.
I like AcidicVampire's response in chat.
In the PSP's defense, the games look saucier.
I like that word, saucier.
They could have had MP3 support if Nintendo had paid a license,
just like the Wii could have played DVDs if they had paid the license
for, you know, the use of DVD codecs.
But you know what? You know what's more important than Nintendo?
Money in their pocket.
So, you know, so much for that, you know,
and so I guess the consumer loses because Nintendo needs to make a buck.
Yeah, but nobody uses their consoles to play movies, though, anymore,
I don't think, anyway.
I use my consoles to play movies all the time.
It's my primary DVD player.
Whatever happens with it, PlayStation 3 is my primary movie player.
We do use it for Blu-ray, and our HD DVD player is our Xbox 360.
You know, and whatever I happen to have hooked up at the time,
you know, it would be kind of cool to have, you know,
a DVD player for the Wii.
Don't be surprised if that's, like, not something
that they're going to start selling to.
I mean, it's just, I don't know.
And yeah, I know most people already have DVD players,
but you know what?
People also have TVs, too, but yet still buy tons of TVs out there.
And who cares? It's another DVD player.
That's the point.
You know, we may be in the kids' room or something like that,
now, boom, it's a DVD player in the kids' room.
So, you know, I don't know.
Minor cost for, you know, another bullet point.
So, whatever.
All right, I'm still trying to tally the votes,
so let's move on to another topic here.
Crows asks on Twitter,
maybe talk about some April Fools' jokes that spread on the internet
that were actually entertaining.
I don't like April Fools' Day at all,
although I think, you know, for hating April Fools' Day,
I think Dark Tetsuya did a pretty funny one on our site,
where he did for I Heart that song,
he did Let Them Move from DD,
which is, like, a total throwback to the old school days
of Orange Lounge Radio.
So, like, I like dumb shit like that.
I don't know.
Loki, Dark Soccer, did you guys see anything funny on the internet?
I kind of turn off the internet on April Fools' Day.
This year, they actually kind of,
a lot of the sites that would normally do April Fools' jokes didn't.
They're just like, you know, I'm too busy with stuff, so forget it.
You know, basically, I saw a few in, like, the hacking communities,
like, some, you know, people,
oh, yeah, look, we're releasing, you know,
a tool to hack the PSP 3000,
or, you know, a new one to hack the Wii or something,
and it's just, whatever, you know,
those we kind of figured were fake.
And then, um,
I'm trying to think here, what are some of the other, you know,
April Fools' jokes that were just very obvious?
The new Metal Gear Solid game,
you know, they announced, you know,
what the new character was going to be,
which is kind of retarded,
and then, um,
I'm trying to think here.
They were kind of lame.
I mean, it was, you know,
the World of Warcraft thing that they did was kind of cool,
and then there was another one with IGN,
you know, tried to do this,
Wii Extend or Wii Expand or something like that,
which was supposed to be download content for, like, Wii games,
and the first one was Super Smash Brothers Brawl Extreme,
where they were going to have, like, blood and stuff like that,
and it just looked so fake, and, you know,
they had Mario getting decapitated and stuff like that.
You know, despite all the shit we give the mainstream press sometimes on this show
and all that stuff,
I think their Zelda trailer will never be topped.
That was a pretty fucking amazing April Fools' joke.
That was great.
That was a pretty fucking amazing April Fools' prank.
Not for the fact that I don't think anyone really fell for it,
but just, like, goddamn, they went all out with that shit that year,
and I think, like,
and, Doctor, you're a big Zelda fanboy.
Did you not get a huge boner April Fools' or not at that trailer?
No, and obviously it was fake,
but yeah, I mean,
if you've ever seen the fan-made Zelda movies,
I mean, this was, like, a bazillion,
the production value was pretty good.
And sadly enough, it will never come to fruition,
which is, you know,
I don't think it would cost that much,
you know, for something like that.
Now, this wasn't even an April Fools' thing,
but have you seen,
there's a trailer for a movie that someone made,
or short movie, called Turbo,
which is a little bit of a cross between, like,
Street Fighter and Tron and, you know,
the Karate Kid.
And it actually looks pretty cool,
and that's also made, you know, with a really low budget and stuff,
so, you know, nowadays,
you know, you can do pretty amazing stuff.
Hell, I mean, look at that,
was it the Half-Life short,
or it was, like, a series that's going on,
and I gotta wonder if they've got more episodes for that,
but, you know, the guys did it, like, on a shoestring budget,
and it's just, like, it's amazing.
It's absolutely amazing as far as visuals and stuff go,
which is sad, because sci-fi movies look like crap,
you know, like the sci-fi channel stuff,
so if a guy can do it in his basement,
then why can't they?
All right, and then one other thing on Twitter
I thought was pretty interesting,
and, you know, our good friend Marin,
or Tiara, whatever you want to say,
kind of likes to pimp her own stuff,
but I liked it.
It was actually a piece that she wrote on her own blog,
which I've jokingly referred to as the Giggling Girls blog,
but, no, it's what, AvengersTower.com?
Yes, it is.
I can't remember if it's Avenger Tower or Avengers Tower.
It's Avengers Tower.
Avengers Tower.
Like the old comic?
Like the Avengers Tower and the comic books.
Gotcha.
It was an article about the Beatles rock band,
which we talked about a couple weeks on the show,
but what I liked was there was this article she read on March 29th
about how the Beatles rock band game is going to carry a price tag
that's like $60 more than the current Rock Band 2 bundle,
and she's kind of speculating where could this extra $60 be coming from,
and I like some of the ideas.
One rumor was a keyboard,
which I think is more of a wishful thinking,
at least on my part.
I would love to see a keyboard, but I don't know.
I mean, definitely there are some Beatles songs
that would benefit from keyboard integration.
Another idea was extra microphones,
so maybe you could have more than one person singing.
You could have two people singing at once.
To kind of go with the keyboard thing,
their site, I don't know if it's viral or what,
but their actual, the Beatles site,
they've been having instruments slowly being added to their studio recording room,
and one of the instruments was a keyboard.
Hmm. Interesting.
Rumor number three, drums with cymbals
that maybe they're actually going to put actual cymbals or whatever
on the drum kit for the Rock Band.
Well, they did say that, you know, later on,
it's potential that they can have like, say,
Rock Band 3 or something like that,
where cymbals would be their own notes,
which is kind of cool.
Another rumor, two guitars instead of one.
Instead of, why not have the whole band?
I think it's more that is what's going to be why it's more expensive,
is the second guitar, I think, is going to be in there,
because they're going to model the bass.
They're probably going to have an actual bass and then a guitar.
And the last rumor, just milking the damn cash cow.
Milking the damn cash cow.
I really hope it's the keyboard one,
but I think, Loki, I think it's going to be one of their bass guitars
with the regular guitar, I think.
Especially because you have the,
and she goes into talking about the whole Hoffner violin bass,
which, you know, it seems likely that, you know,
with the Beatles and everything,
they would have like a special, you know, Beatles bass.
That seems likely.
Some folks in chat are saying, you know,
what about like a strobe light?
They can already buy that.
Oh, no, they're talking, oh, no, no, no, no.
They're talking about Nine Inch Nails.
I guess their April Fool's joke or something like that
had something to do with, oh, it was the album.
Oh, that Nine Inch Nails was putting out a new album
that was produced by Timbaland called Strobe Light.
That was a good April Fool's joke that was out on the internet.
All right, let's get into the listless results.
So we can get to your calls,
last minute stories, and the end of the show pretty soon.
Believe it or not, for being a slower Newsweek,
we sure seem to fill a couple of hours
and then some here on the show.
All right, here are your top three tonight,
the definitive list, as you guys in chat have voted
for the feature that they should have put on the DSI
that would have made me buy one today.
Number three, open app development, just like the iPhone.
Let anybody make an app.
There you go, open app development.
Number two feature that would have got me to buy a DSI today,
made out of bacon.
Made out of bacon was the number two feature.
There you go.
Where there's bacon, there's profit.
And the number one feature that would have gotten people
to buy the DSI today, virtual console games on my goddamn DS,
you money-sucking pieces of shit.
There it is, your number one answer on the list.
List segment here on Orange Lounge Radio.
All right, all right.
Lots of votes spread around amongst all the choices, though.
Everybody got a little love,
but I think those three struck a particular nerve,
because people just love their bacon and virtual console
and open app development.
All right, actdeft makes a good point.
If anybody can make an app, you know who will make his game a reality.
That individual who has a game named after himself.
Well, you know whose game sucks balls,
because I've actually played the demo,
and it's as crappy as it looks.
And I'm sorry, I don't care if it's one person developing it.
It's not good, and I would never...
If I paid retail for that, I'd have to kick myself in the junk.
BlackWolf asks in chat, what if Bobby BlackWolf made a game?
Would you talk about it if I called it Bobby's Game?
Yes, I would talk about it every week.
Every week, Bobby. Every week.
As long as it didn't suck.
In fact, I think you should beat him to the market,
because I would laugh my ass off at that.
Do it now.
But only if the theme song to the game is
La la la la, la la la la, Bobby's World.
No?
Oh, my God.
All right.
Also, before we get to the Skype line and so forth,
we have one segment we always do here on the show
that we don't want to miss,
but we just haven't had any really angsty stories.
But perhaps the invoking of said name,
of said band individual from said show,
and just even thinking about his game
should invoke anger and rage
in a certain segment we do here every week on Orange Launch Radio.
.
FUs of the Week.
Um, man, making me be angry, and I was starting to feel good.
Um, FU to having to go to work tomorrow.
Just, I really, I, you know, that's all.
I just really want to stay home and sleep.
What's wrong with that?
So, FU being tired.
FU to this glass of wine I'm drinking for being so yummy
and making me a little tipsy during the show.
I love it.
It's freaking delicious.
It's a muscata?
It's a muscato.
Muscato.
It's delicious.
It's a sweet wine.
It tastes like candy.
Mm-hmm.
It tastes like champagne without the bubbles,
as my friend put it.
It's delish.
Hey there, doctor.
Do you have any FUs of the Week,
even though Loki's holding the mic?
Yeah, even though this is a little old news,
I had a lady confront me about this the other day.
Fuck you to anyone who doesn't support gay marriage,
because you are fucking assholes.
Props to Iowa, though.
Props to Iowa, of all places.
Props to them, although I have heard those comparisons about,
well, isn't Iowa just doing what California did,
like, five years ago, which, or however long ago it was,
like, three years ago,
which ended up getting turned around by Prop 8 anyway.
Maybe, but I hear it's harder
to pass a constitutional amendment in that state,
so if you live in Iowa, please don't screw this up.
Please don't screw this up.
But right now, hey, you know,
I think some person in Iowa is probably really concerned.
I actually read about this somewhere,
that they are concerned,
the conservative moral majority, let's say, in Iowa,
that there's just going to be this outbreak of gay-ness
throughout the state.
It's going to become a gay mecca.
Like, there's just going to be a sodomy outbreak
within the state of Iowa because of this law passing.
You know what?
Why is that a bad thing?
Like, maybe people can come clean the place up,
throw a party in Des Moines that people want to come to.
And make it fierce.
Quick, when I say Des Moines, what do you think of?
My crappy customer.
Silent S. That's corn.
There's not a lot else I can think of.
All right, anyway.
ZakuPilot256 in chat says,
if gay people want to ruin their life with marriage, let them.
Amen to that. All right, anyhow.
Didn't I say it in my little rant that I put in my blog?
That everyone should have as much right to mess it up
like, you know, anyone else?
Just like Britney Spears. We have every right to fuck it up like Britney Spears did.
All right, look, I don't want to turn this into a political show,
but obviously it's an issue important to myself and the doctor.
So yay, Iowa.
F you. Everybody else.
All right. Yeah, Loki, please, your F you is the week.
My F you is the week goes to some of my airsoft guns not working correctly.
Did your airsoft thing, did you get to have that?
Because I saw multiple pleas on live channel,
and we were like, pretty please come play airsoft with me.
And I felt bad, I wanted to go, but I had plans.
No, we had like three people, including myself, and that's it.
But it was all right, we had fun with the small group.
I promise I will go airsoft with you in a future week.
That's fine, I just, I have, I've been bad and I've been buying too many guns.
So unfortunately, unfortunately I'm probably going to sell some,
but it's fine because I, you know, my primary gun that I normally use,
I don't really like anymore, but the new one I got is pretty cool.
But I'm going to stop buying guns and stick with the one that works really well.
All right.
ActDef says, bad Loki, what will the wife say?
She doesn't know.
And thankfully she doesn't listen to this show, all right.
Damn, all right, there you go.
Let's open up the Skype line if we can here.
1-8, do not disturb, let me open it up there.
1-877-GAME-OLR, or our username on Skype is OrangeLoungeRadio.
If you want to give us a call and interact with us,
talk about anything we've brought up on the show tonight,
or as long as it's gaming related, we'll talk about anything pretty much.
So go ahead and call us right now, 1-877-GAME-OLR,
username on Skype, OrangeLoungeRadio.
Do we have any last minute stories while we wait for these calls to come in?
Yeah, sorry, I'm fighting a giant slug thing.
That's right, you still, well, actually you're getting saved.
We've got a call right now.
Hi, you are on OrangeLoungeRadio, who's this?
This is DS Master 26.
Hey, DS Master 26, what is on your mind?
Hey, hey, hey, wait, I'm going to ask you.
How about the DSi?
Uh, seriously, I've seen, actually one of my friends has one.
She gets imports from Japan a whole bunch of times,
so she got one before the rest of us Americans did.
And I've seen the picture printouts from that camera on that DSi.
They're a bunch of crap.
Plus the internet browser,
we did a speed test you could get to Google first
on a PSP versus DSi and the internet on there is slow as hell.
Like dial up Windows 95 slow.
That's like on the Nintendo Wii, it's very, very slow.
Yeah, same thing with the DSi, but slower.
And seriously, the music player is crap.
I mean, besides, I already got that feature with my R4 card.
Wait, did they actually put a music player in the DSi?
I didn't even realize that was there.
It's built in now?
Yeah, but you use your SD card and it takes AAC.
But yeah, I already have a PSP or more importantly,
you know, an iPod and iPhone that will do it as well.
You know, I do use my PSP.
Yeah, same here.
I use my PSP, like the R4 does two videos, as I found out.
Actually, that's the reason why I called in.
I'm giving a review on Silent Hill, which I just saw last night.
The movie?
Freaking awesome.
Yeah.
Wow, you're only about three years late, but go ahead.
I'm just messing.
Wow, it came out three years ago?
It was a while ago.
I'm just messing with you.
I don't remember when, but it was a while ago.
What did you think?
Well, anyways, out of all the movie, out of the game movies I've seen,
this is like probably the best ever.
And plus on the factory scene, witch burnings,
and then the massive blood splatter in the awesome epic Pyramid Head,
which I'm thinking of being for Halloween.
Awesome flick.
Now you know why we fan-gasm over Pyramid Head all the time on this show.
He is sex.
He just, he really is.
He has a lot of it with the nurses.
And plus, not to mention, if you guys ever,
okay, have any of you played the DDR Extreme for the US version on the PS2?
On the PS2, yes.
Extreme 1, yes.
Okay, the ending song, the Silent Hill for the ending credits,
very reminiscent to the soundtrack.
I think it's like the last song you'll lock in Extreme,
but it was very similar to me.
I couldn't remember the first few times until the chorus came in.
I'm like, deja vu.
Yeah, I mean, it was pretty cool that they inserted that in the game.
Of course, that song originally comes from Silent Hill 3.
It was like the theme song of that game.
But yeah, I remember they put it in DDR with a funny little video too.
And wasn't it Extreme 2 that had that?
Because Extreme 1 had your reign from 4, if I remember right.
And the reason why I remember that...
No, it was Extreme 1.
It was. You know what, you're right, it was.
I remember that, though, that it also had your reign,
because that was a big thing for us here at OLR.
We got to play that song before anyone else,
and we had a ton of DDR people listening.
That was like the night we broke through,
and we actually got a lot of new listeners when we got that.
So, anyhow.
Yeah, I remember that.
That was a very controversial game in the community, though,
because they really changed the engine and all that stuff.
Anyway, sorry.
Well, have you ever noticed there's a Pump It Up game for the PSP?
I had heard there was a Pump It Up game on the PSP.
I found out on Playasia, and I'm like, what the heck?
Okay, I can understand DDR on this thing, but not Pump It Up,
because that takes five icons.
And we got the four external sort of square.
I don't know what I'm supposed to use, like R.
Well, what about the shoulder buttons?
I assumed it was the shoulder button.
I mean, if you're going to play DDR on a handheld,
Pump It Up makes sense to me.
Especially because there's a ton of fans of that other...
God damn, what's the Korean game?
The name escapes me.
DJ Maxx, thank you.
There's huge fans of that game.
Yeah, even though I got to say that's a little bit harder,
but okay, here's one thing I'd really love to see remade on the Wii
that Konami should really do,
especially with download content now available for Wii and everything,
the Guitar Hero.
I mean, why doesn't, in 360 and PS3,
why doesn't Konami try to re-release Beat Mania with the download content?
I mean, that would make a whole lot of sense.
I would love that, but unfortunately,
I think because of how Beat Mania 2 did,
or I'm sorry, not Beat Mania 2, Beat Mania on the PS2 did,
I don't think they're in any hurry to put out a new Beat Mania game.
I don't think it sold well enough for them.
I had heard it exceeded expectations,
but I could have always heard wrong,
because they never did do a second one.
If it sold that well, they would have done a second one.
I mean, as far as I know, DDR Universe 2 did not sell that great
compared to older DDR titles,
but they still made a 3,
and it wasn't just a reskinned version of the other ones,
because 2 was kind of just a reskinned Universe 1.
Just thinking of DDR,
haven't you noticed there hasn't been a single one out for the PS3?
They're still rehashing on the PS2.
It is interesting there hasn't been one on the PS3,
and I'm wondering if that's not going to be one of the things
Konami pulls out of their hat at E3 this year,
because you're right.
The PS3 is one of those platforms that hasn't seen a DDR game on it yet.
Maybe that will be where we start to see the download content and all that stuff.
Who knows?
But I don't know.
At the same time, I'm not going to hold my breath.
Plus, here's one thing.
I've been seeing tons of YouTube videos
where people have been controlling Beat Mania
using a guitar hero controller with the five keys mode.
Pretty darn interesting.
And then the scratch is the strum bar.
Pretty bored.
Let me ask you this.
I would probably have to try it out, but I don't know.
I'm not bored enough to set that all up.
If I'm going to play Beat Mania, I'm going to play it the way it was intended.
Let me ask you this, because the call's going a little long.
I've got to get some other calls.
I want to ask you this, because obviously you're a big music game fan.
I want to ask you about this question that came up kind of earlier in the show
about the whole guitar hero on the DS versus rock band on the PSP thing.
Are you interested in rock band on the PSP,
or are you interested in guitar hero on the DS?
What do you think?
I've actually bought the guitar hero DS,
and it's pretty darn interesting and pretty good for what it is.
I was surprised at the graphics for it for a DS game for guitar hero-wise,
and the sound quality was pretty darn good.
I think the style that they're going with,
the PSP version of rock band, that was pretty darn interesting.
You'd think they would try to mod, like, redo the guitar grip,
and then try to do some little quirky little drum set that you plug on top,
and then you just hit it with your fingers,
because I think that would be kind of fun.
Yeah, but at the same time I like the idea that they're just doing an amplitude-type game
that you're not going to need any of these stupid peripherals for.
I kind of like that idea.
Yeah, but that's also the same control scheme for DJ Max on the PSP,
which I kind of suck at.
I try it with the two-hand configuration like you would for Beatmania,
and I still suck.
I guess it's extremely hard even on the slow play mode.
I cannot do it.
All right, well, DS Master, we've got to let you go so we can get to some more calls,
but thank you so much for your opinions tonight,
and have fun with the music games, okay?
Oh, by the way, one more thing before I go.
Hopefully EA and the whole gaming industry of America
does not call for a bailout from Barack Obama.
That would suck.
Do they need one? Maybe.
Would they be eligible?
Probably midway.
They need more than a bailout.
They need a freaking water pump.
All right, DS Master, I've got to let you go,
but thank you so much for the call.
Take care, buddy.
Keep going and keep rocking the good shows.
Thank you very much.
All right, Dark Soccer, you seem like you're dying to comment on the bailout message.
No.
All right.
Are you guys talking about the...
I would think I was just saying them all.
Am I seeing a glitch in Ninja Blade here?
Because the monster has no health left,
and I keep hitting it, and it's not dying.
No, you just suck.
All right, let's go to the call.
Hi, you're on Orange Launch Radio. Who's this?
It did the Mega Man 3 trick.
Uh-oh, did it cut off?
Okay, whoever...
I have to explain this trick.
What?
Hurry, because we've got to call on the line.
Okay, we'll call her going.
Okay, hi, you're on Orange Launch Radio. Who's this?
Hey, it's DJ Tyrant.
Hey, DJ Tyrant. I haven't heard you on the show in a long time. What's up?
Hey, not much. I'm trying out the Skype for iPhone app. It seems to work pretty well.
Whoa, you're calling us from iPhone right now?
Yeah.
Wow, not too shabby. All right, I forgot that that's available now.
So those of you with iPhones, you can Skype us during the show on your iPhones.
Thank you for reminding us of that. I have to check that out.
It only works on Wi-Fi, though. Remember that.
That's true. Still, that's, you know, your regular Skype will only work with an internet connection, too.
What's on your mind?
That's true. Just, I know it's all the talk of today, but DSI, I really enjoy mine personally.
I don't know, I think it's a pretty good upgrade. I got to play it last week at an event I got invited to,
and I don't know, I think it's a pretty good upgrade, but I can see it's not for everyone, definitely.
What about it makes it such a great upgrade?
I like, I really like the screens. The controls are much better. Like, the D-pad and the buttons just in general feel a lot better and more sturdy.
Because the D-pad was really floaty on the light, I thought.
Sometimes I keep forgetting this is actually the third DS now we've gotten between DS Fat and DS Lite. I sometimes forget that.
Anyhow, do you still work in games retail?
No, I don't.
Okay, I thought for some reason you did, but then I also heard you'd moved on.
I don't know if you still know people there or what have you, but have you heard what the reception to this has been at all?
I haven't heard too much. Yeah, I haven't really heard anything.
Alright, sorry. My bad for asking.
No worries.
So, okay, so you're more of a fan of the DSI then. Is there anything that you're looking forward to?
Like, we've seen some announcements recently of the Zelda Spirit Tracks and so on. What are you looking forward to from Nintendo on DS?
Definitely the Zelda game. I honestly am looking forward to these new play control games because I missed out on them on the GameCube.
I'm kind of looking forward to them and they're not too badly priced either, which is a good thing.
Cheap is good. You're right, cheap is always a good thing. I don't mind that.
And of course the DSI where I really hope that that takes off like the App Store has on the iPhone.
I know it's not open though. That's really going to, I think, hurt it in the long run though.
I tend to agree, but at the same time, you know, it is a double-edged sword and I could see the other side of the argument where,
well, look at all the shit that's on the iPhone store because there's some real crap apps on the iPhone.
It's so hard to comb through there and find some decent games sometimes.
And you think there's supposed to be some quality control out there, but it's not much. It is not much.
So I guess maybe, you know, by closing it off, Nintendo will release quote-unquote quality apps on the DSI,
but at the same time, some of these games don't sound that quality.
Well, look at the WiiWare stuff.
Yeah, I guess that's true. Is there anything on WiiWare you enjoy?
I don't know if you really enjoy the fun. I see Crystal Chronicles, or not Crystal Chronicles, whatever.
My Life is King?
Yeah, and The Lost Winds has been really good. I haven't really bought anything since then because of the whole storage issue,
but now that they fixed that, I might start buying again.
Yeah, I actually finally updated the firmware this week and put some games on my SD card,
and I have like 500 blocks free on my Wii now. I'm just like, wow, this isn't real.
I don't know if I'm going to go on a buying binge because I already bought a new sound system that sent me back a lot of money.
But it's nice to know I have the space available when something comes out on the Wii that I must have.
Yeah, but I agree with you that I really hope they have some sort of support like the PS3 and the PSP.
I have a bad feeling I'm just dreaming with that, but you know it can be done.
Look at the Nintendo channel that streams DS demos to your DS. It can be done.
They just don't want to do it, or they're leaving it in their hat to unveil at a later conference.
Yeah, I mean that got me to buy Rhythm Heaven because they released a demo the day they gave it out at GDC,
and I tried it and I was like, well, this is a game I have to pick up.
Yeah, you know what, I played it at PAX and I remember really enjoying it.
I did not realize the demo was on Nintendo channel and I might have to go check that out.
Yeah, sometimes really good games sneak on there. They don't really announce what goes out there.
They really don't. People got to keep a better eye on that.
Alright, well, Jimmy, we got to let you go so we can get a couple more calls in tonight, but any quick closing thoughts?
Thanks for having me on.
No problem. Any quick closing thoughts?
Um, I can't think of anything right now.
Alright, that's alright. Live radio is a lot of pressure.
Take care, buddy.
Alright, take care, buddy.
Alright, if you want to give us a call, 1-877-GAME-OLR, username on Skype, Orange Lounge Radio.
We'll probably take one or two more calls and then we're going to call it a night.
Hi, you're on Orange Lounge Radio. Who's this?
Hi.
Hi.
It's Deathwishing.
Hi, Deathwishing.
What's up?
Um, well, first of all, I'm burnout on my 360 and second of all, I'm rejecting that for one month because Operation Flashpoint, the new one's coming out I think next month.
Okay, hold on. Back up. Aren't you the same guy that was having the points problems earlier?
Yeah.
Okay, so obviously that's all fixed and Nintendo. Xbox was very kind to you and all that. What did you end up running out and buying with those points?
Um, I bought some rock band songs, my Call of Duty maps, and then with the extra points, oh, and I bought, my extra points, I bought one rock band song and a pack of burnout cars that came with a legendary cars pack which has like a DeLorean, like Back to the Future.
Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah. I remember, yeah.
It has the Manhattan, you know.
The Dukes of Hazzard.
The Dukes of Hazzard one, but it has a Mexican flag on it.
My other question, was one of the rock band songs you bought Don't Stop Believin'?
No, I didn't buy that.
Fail.
I bought, like, Trash Unreal from Against Me, Come On, Come On from the Von Bondies, The Joker from Steve Miller, Sick Sick Sick from Queens of the Stone Age, and My Curse from Kill, Switch, and Gauge.
Now, look, those songs are all fine and dandy, but it needs more epic classic rock.
Um, thing is, I would buy classic rock, but there's no Led Zeppelin.
Maybe, that's one of those bands that could put out their own game, like Aerosmith and Metallica.
I don't like Aerosmith. In fact, I hate Aerosmith.
Well, I'm just saying, though, they were able to put out their own game. You know, we can argue about the success of that game.
Lead singer looks like a beat chick.
Alright, look, what did you really want to call in to talk about tonight? I asked you the question about the points. You were talking about...
Operation Flashpoint. Dragon Rise, I think it's Dragon Rise or something. Remember the old Operation Flashpoint? Did you ever play it?
What system was it on?
It was a PC game.
And it was Xbox, I think.
And Xbox, same thing.
I don't recall this game, but I'm going to look up and see if I get screenshots, because I'm a very visual person, sometimes that jogs my memory.
I doubt it. It's a Call of Duty type of game.
It's a military simulator, actually. It's like one of the more... I think, from what I remember, it was like one shot, pretty much, and we were dead.
Hmm. You know, surprisingly enough, I think I saw this game, like, once. So, what about... are they making a new one, or what's up?
Uh, yeah. Sequel's coming out. I think it's next month.
End of next month.
I'm not sure, though, but it's end of next month.
Operation Flashpoint. Dragon Rising.
Yeah, and it's just like... it's like what I like.
I want these shoot... like, I'm this guy who wants these shooters that aren't... like, I'm tired of kind of seeing these really Call of Duty-esque super arcadey.
I get shot. Oh, look. I sit in the corner, suck my thumb. I'm okay.
I love this, because it's like you get shot, you bleed out while moving around, or you're downed.
And I love games, because it has a medic system. That's simply it.
Um, you're a fan of shooters, and something that caught my eye this week was some of the screens from the new Wolfenstein game.
What do you think of that?
Is that a good... aw, was that like...
It is in my pants.
Okay.
I wasn't gonna say that, but there you go.
I think it looks like crap, but, you know, that's...
Shut up. Okay, can you play a gag in his mouth?
Alright, well, he's playing a game.
Wolfenstein Enemy Territory was so great, and it was free, too.
What do you think of this new one? Is it gonna...
Yeah, but that's Enemy Territory, that's not...
Shut up! Is it gonna make everybody talk Wolfenstein again, or what?
It looks like an updated version of Wolfenstein. It looks like Wolfenstein to today's standards.
Ironsight, sprinting, you know, and then, all I notice is they better keep it class-based.
They better keep it class-based, and they better keep it in that objective, like, online campaign stuff that I saw in Enemy Territory.
Where I will go to a school, go up to the principal, hit him in the balls, and then laugh.
And then go home and make myself a sandwich.
Alright, what about the whole Hitler robot? That's what I would like to see make a comeback in Wolfenstein.
Hitler robot is the boss.
Sounds like an idea. Sounds like a plan.
Don't you remember the old-school Wolfenstein? Like, I don't know, you might be a little young, but the old, old-school Wolfenstein game.
Like, which one? Wolfenstein 3D or Wolfenstein, like, 2D?
Okay, not that old-school. Yeah, Wolfenstein 3D.
Uh, yes and no. I do remember there being a robot, but maybe I just couldn't tell if it was Hitler because I was, like, too stupid to know it was Hitler yet.
And plus, you know what, he wasn't the boss in the shareware one that most people played. He had to have the full one to see that.
Hitler robot.
Sorry, I didn't mean to derail the point from what you'd called in to talk about, but I just remembered I saw those Wolfenstein.
Because, you know, I was a fan. I may not be the biggest shooter fan, but I loved Wolfenstein 3D.
I love Wolfenstein 2.
So, there you go.
Alright, well, uh...
That's the list of the games I love. Wolfenstein and, uh, Delta Force Black Hawk Down.
Alright, well, we're gonna need you to call back when that game comes out, because I need to hear it from a shooter fan.
Because I don't follow a lot of the shooters, so I need to know if the game's worth...
I follow everything.
Worth crossing over for.
Alright, Deathwishing, any final thoughts before we let you go?
Um...
I still play Street Fighter IV. It's still awesome.
It is still awesome.
Think they'll unveil any secret characters. Downloadable.
Or think it's just a dream.
I think they need to get that tournament mode out quicker.
Alright.
If my principal's gonna get hurt faster.
Deathwishing, we gotta let you go.
Be careful when you threaten violence on the radio. Don't do it.
Alright.
See you, Deathwishing. Take care, buddy.
Allegedly. Bye.
Bye. Allegedly.
Yeah, good, good.
Throw that in there.
Throw that in there. Allegedly.
Alright, uh...
We have time for one more call?
One more quick call.
Hi, you're on Orange Launch Radio. Who's this?
Uh, this is Spazinator.
Hey Spazinator, what's on your mind?
Uh, yeah, um...
I just wanted to get your input on the whole Guitar Hero vs. Rock Band debate.
I was wondering, compared to Rock Band, do you think they're kind of whoring out Guitar Hero a little bit?
Yeah, just a bit.
Uh, yeah, they're whoring it out a lot, but at the same time, they can kind of get away with it right now.
Because, you know, Best Buys and all these stores have sections upon sections dedicated to these games because they sell.
I'm not a big fan of the artist-based games.
I am not a big fan of them. I don't think they need the big fanfare they're getting.
I think if they were released as, like, a CD and put in the CD rack or what have you, they would be a little more...
I don't know. I kind of see that could be the way it's going at some point.
But, I don't know. I think at some point, the market is going to crack at some point and it's...
People are going to start rejecting it.
And it's all going to come crashing down. Like a little leak in the dam, suddenly it's all going to come crashing down.
Yeah, I was thinking more or less the same thing. I mean, although it's kind of a different genre altogether,
you kind of saw the same thing with the Tony Hawk games.
I mean, they were releasing iteration after iteration with that series.
And basically, like what happened to that series, people kind of gave up on that series in favor of skates.
I mean, you can't always draw a few parallels between the Tony Hawk series and Guitar Hero, almost.
You know, I will say this, though. I think Rock Band 2 has really succeeded with the store.
And, you know, I think it's succeeded in a place where Guitar Hero hasn't.
Granted, Guitar Hero has released a lot of downloadable content and songs,
but the place where Rock Band 2 has got them is that they've done it consistently.
They've consistently put out a lot of songs on their store.
And, you know what? Very few games can I say that six months after release, I'm still playing it at least once a week.
You know, very few games can I say that.
Yeah, yeah. In fact, I'm checking the Rock Band store constantly, and to some degree I even do the same with Guitar Hero.
And occasionally, you know, I do see some songs on the Guitar Hero store that I do like,
like Blyton Allen's No Rain and whatnot, but compared to Rock Band, you know,
Guitar Hero really doesn't have a whole lot that I would consider going out and getting compared to Rock Band, you know.
But, again, that's just me.
You know, at least in my opinion, it seems like Rock Band has a better structure of music, though.
I think Rock Band's got the better music, too, but I do understand that Guitar Hero has to lean towards more guitar-driven songs.
Sometimes, you know, that might not necessarily be the same stuff I listen to, but I like Rock Band because you do more band-based songs, you know.
And some have guitar solos, but some have drum solos, some have vocal.
Like, Don't Stop Believin'. Not a song really notable for its...
Well, it does have a pretty bitchin' guitar solo, and it's really fuckin' hard on Rock Band Expert, by the way.
I can't do that part, but, like, most people know Don't Stop Believin' for the vocals.
You know, you don't really get songs like that in Rock Band. I mean, in Guitar Hero.
Yeah. Now, with me, one thing I noticed is, well, kind of like you, I can't really do the Expert level stuff yet.
I'm still getting started on the Medium level because I'm kind of new to the whole music-y thing.
But, you know, at least with Guitar Hero, since they're more or less emulating the Rock Band sets, you would think that, even though the name is Guitar Hero, they would encompass some other varieties of music.
You know, it's probably some of the guitar-heavy stuff, you know?
Yeah. I don't know, though. Guitar Hero just... Guitar Hero feels like a bit of a scattered mess right now, and I hope if they're going to do another big Guitar Hero, what, five this year as their big game, I hope they find some focus.
But, Spaznier, we gotta let you go because we're running out of time. We want to end tonight so we can get to our afterbirth and so on.
Do you have any quick final thoughts for the listeners tonight?
Uh, yeah. Final fantasy, you know, whoever rules, well, sucks. No, just kidding.
Yeah, yeah. All right. Get off the show. All right. See you, Spaznier. Thanks for the call.
All right. Take care. Have a good one.
All right. Bye.
By the way, I didn't mention during my gaming week this week, I actually went back to World of Warcraft this week because I'm a big fat addict, but I haven't been playing that much.
Look, we got one more call coming in. I want to take it because I noticed it was a name I haven't heard from in a while. I want to let him on the show.
Hi, you're on Orange
It's Brad from Pod Culture.
Hey, Brad from Pod Culture. How's Dollhouse going? I've heard Dollhouse, and I know you do your Dollhouse show, too. I've heard Dollhouse has really picked up in the last three weeks.
Oh, yes, it has.
I need to go back and catch up because I want to watch the first couple episodes and then I just kind of got distracted and was watching other stuff, but I heard it got really good.
Yeah, if you kind of gave it up, it's definitely picked up some steam.
All right. Well, I think you still watch it all on Hulu, right?
I believe so, yeah.
All right, I'm going to have to go check that out. Well, look, I know you didn't call to talk about Dollhouse so that you probably would anyway. What did you call in to talk about tonight, Brad?
Actually, I don't know if you'd mentioned it on the show before, but I've got an iPhone game that is just great.
Hmm, what's that?
It's Zombieville, USA.
I'm interested already. What's in Zombieville, USA?
It's just this little side scroller cartoony shooting zombies game. Three simple controls, right, left, and you tap in the middle and you shoot.
Is it a bloody game? Do you get decapitated zombies and all that fun stuff?
You do, but it's kind of cartoony.
I can deal with cartoon violence. I don't like blood orgy. We already had the blood orgy discussion earlier in the show. Cartoony violence, especially with zombies, is okay.
Oh, it's great. It's pretty much the same level over and over, but at the end of each level you can find cash, you upgrade your weapons.
Is there a cost with said game?
It's like two or three bucks.
It's not that bad. Is there a demo or a movie or anything I can see online to get a taste for it?
I'm not 100% certain.
You're not the developer. I shouldn't grill you on this stuff, but I'm just curious how you found it or what have you.
Well, there you go. Check that out if you're interested in some zombie killing.
It's good to hear about some good iPhone games, especially when we're talking about all the crap that's out there on the marketplace as well.
It's a good way to waste a lot of time.
Yes, I've wasted a lot of time with some of those games, like WordFu and some of those iPhone games they have.
Great time wasters, especially when I'm lying in bed, but I don't want to go to sleep just yet.
I'll reach over and grab my phone and play a couple games and it'll make me tired.
Alright, Brad, we've got to let you go so we can wrap up. Any quick thoughts for our listeners?
Later on.
Any final thoughts?
Nope.
Well, take care and have a good one, buddy.
Later on.
Alright, that was our buddy from Pod Culture, Brad, here on Orange Lawns Radio.
That was definitely, definitely the last call, but he hadn't been on the show in a while and he's a good friend of the show and does his own indie podcast.
We'd like to support our fellow indie podcasters, but as for tonight's show, it's got to be coming to a close.
So, is there any other last minute stories that we didn't get to earlier?
Yes, Loki.
It kind of ties into what we were talking about a little bit earlier.
Sure.
Apparently, there has been a, what is it, a kind of like a slide that had been leaked out.
It was during one of the GDC, I guess one of their conferences that they had with Dan Teasdale.
And he did a panel called Dirty Deeds Done Dirt Cheap Design Lessons Learned from Rock Band.
And it's interesting, though, because he then released a PDF version, or they released a PDF version of the session and all the slides are on there.
It had an earlier version of the slide that had been omitted from the actual show.
And it reveals Lego Rock Band.
I heard about this.
I think Tiger Claw sent me a link to this and I neglected to get to it in the Twitter part, but okay.
But it's interesting, though, they're also mentioning the PSP Rock Band is on there as well.
The Beatles Rock Band.
And then there's a ton of Guitar Hero stuff, which I'm really whoring that stuff out.
But they have Guitar Hero Modern Hits, Guitar Hero Metallica, Guitar Hero Van Halen, Guitar Hero Greatest Hits, Guitar Hero, well now Smash Hits.
Guitar Hero Arcade, which I guess maybe they're porting the arcade version over, which I don't know why because it was three.
Guitar Hero Fiving, Guitar Hero Band Hero.
And then there's Guitar Hero Mobile 2, and Mystery Game that's also on mobile.
And I know everyone says, oh my god, both companies are whoring the franchise out.
And yeah, Lego Rock Band I can understand is maybe not, I don't know, it's not exactly the way they go.
But the way I look at it, it's a way to introduce Rock Band to younger kids and you don't have to buy it.
It's not like it's going to have songs in there that you're really probably going to need to buy.
They're only going to be available in Lego Rock Band.
Whereas the Guitar Hero games, you can't port that shit over.
If you buy Metallica, well those Metallica songs are stuck on the Metallica game.
So you can't really bring that over, which I think is where the developers differ the most.
That's why I kind of respect Rock Band a little bit more because at least if you're going to put out a song, or anything they do to their track packs obviously,
those are also optional since they're all available online.
It's an option, you don't have to buy it, but if you do buy it you can import it into your game and it all seamlessly works.
Whereas Guitar Hero, I gotta have a stack of discs.
That's it. Oh, that's it for that story at least.
We also talked a little bit about Unreal Tournament 3 and how they had a mod for that to play in another video game, like Sonic the Hedgehog.
Well, Team Fortress 2, someone's made a map that's sort of like a Mario Kart track, which is kind of neat.
But, I mean, it's definitely not based on a real Mario Kart track, it just kind of has the graphics of it.
So that's kind of neat.
And then, let's see here.
There was another website, I guess, WeOperaSDK.com.
They've released a Twitter, which is a WeRapid blogging, I don't know if it's, I'm assuming it's like Twitter,
but it's their own website that's formatted for the Wii.
Neat.
Could have been that DSI message board, right?
Could have been.
And yeah, I guess they're going to have different things that they've incorporated to this.
IRC style commands, smileys, possible integration with the Wii message board, I guess email updates or something like that.
Web skinning, that sort of stuff. That's neat.
That's it.
Alright, well we need to go around and get everybody's final thoughts before we wrap up the show tonight.
DarkSakura, you've been awfully quiet over there in the corner, poking away, talking to some of our AIM listeners and so on.
Any final thoughts tonight?
Yawn, you look like you're going to, I don't think you're going to nap.
If you go and lie down, you're going to go to sleep.
I'm pretty tired. We spent three and a half hours in IKEA.
Oh my god.
We went to eat, and the intention was to spend two, and then we ran into some people that Becky knew, because I went with Becky.
And I sort of know one of them.
But, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but, but Swedish meatballs.
And shiny.
And Swedish meatballs.
Well, that's what I had. And there was shiny, there was so much shiny, I kept going, ooh, shiny.
Ooh, shiny.
And then staring at stuff, so, hi, Kia, evil.
Alright. Um, the doctor, thank you so much for being here tonight.
And, you know, you definitely joined in on the conversation, and we always appreciate having you here on the show.
Please come back again.
Woo!
And thanks for participating in tonight's Listless and all that fun stuff.
Do you have any final thoughts for listeners tonight?
Um, in honor of Rice Princess. Poop.
Why isn't she here tonight? Shame on her.
I don't know, she didn't get my text.
You didn't, I didn't get your text either. I think you need to check your cell phone company.
You need to call them and yell at them.
Um, my final thought is, I need food. I'm very hungry. I'm, like, dying of hunger pains.
Alright, uh, Loki, your final thought.
I don't know, I don't have anything.
Alright, boy, aren't you boring.
Yes, I am.
How is Ninja Blade? You've been playing that for, like, three hours now during the show.
It's frustrating, because you die pretty easy in it, so it's hard.
And I'm playing on normal difficulty in it.
Um, the thing is, I, as you probably saw, there was a glitch, a level-ending glitch where I couldn't defeat the boss because he ran out of life and I just sat there slashing at the dead corpse and it wouldn't trigger the event that I needed it to trigger.
So I had to restart there, but, um, it's okay. It's alright. It's neat.
They've got a lot of really over-the-top stuff going on, but, um, it's a neat game.
I'll probably finish it.
Okay. Alright, well, that's going to do it for another episode of Orange Launch Radio.
Thank you guys so much for tuning in to us and supporting independent podcasting and independent productions.
Hey, if you like what you hear, please spread the word. Tell two friends you know about Orange Launch Radio.
Or, hey, there's other ways you can do that too.
You can, um, you know, post a kind review, a five-star review on iTunes.
That helps sell the show and bumps up our ranking a little bit.
Or mention us on your Twitter and Facebook and all that stuff.
I'm looking at Twitter right now and looking at some of the at OLR messages and DJ Ratchet says I'm listening to OLR and laughing my butt off.
Well, I laughed a lot tonight too, so thank you.
DJ Tyrant is pimping his appearance on the show tonight. We appreciate that. Hey, hey.
So, uh, thank you guys so much for, uh, all of that, supporting the show.
You guys are awesome. We do it for you guys for free every week.
And we'll do it all again next week. How's that sound?
Yay.
Alright.
Well, we'll see you in one week here on Orange Launch Radio. Until then, I'm Rob Roberts, she's Dark Soccer, he's Loki, he's the Dokta, and we're out of here. See you next week.
Orange Launch Radio do not necessarily reflect those of the entire staff of Orange Launch Radio or AllGames.com, but we're probably right anyway. See you next week.
