Hi everybody out there on the internet.
Welcome to a special podcast for this Sunday, April the 12th of 2009.
Let me try to explain quickly, if possible, what's been going on and why we have the podcast with no fancy intro or anything like that tonight.
The show started, we began taping as usual about 6 o'clock tonight Pacific Standard Time.
and about 30 minutes into the show, during part A tonight, the video card on the system we used to tape the show started freaking out and dying.
So basically the video card overheated mid-taping of the show.
And it caused a lot of stuff to happen, basically.
We lost all of part A, unfortunately.
We weren't able to recover what we had taped so far, so it's gone, and sadly only the live listeners got to hear it.
And then basically the computer we used to tape OLR is fucked.
Now don't worry, guys, we'll just get a new video card and everything will be okay come next week.
So I don't want people freaking out like, oh my god, is OLR dead?
No, we're not going to let a stupid video card keep things down.
But it did screw us over for tonight.
However, what I've done, I have two computers in the house.
It's just that the second computer is not really hooked up to do audio or mixing or any of that sort.
We're actually not broadcasting on All Games right now because it's not configured for that.
We're actually live on All Games Radio.
Not All Games Radio, sadly.
However, we are live on Justin.TV.
And we're going to tape a mini show tonight.
DarkSakura is here with us as always.
Me and my lungs.
And Dan was joining us tonight.
And I'm really sorry to Dan because it's very rare he gets here, but you're here.
What did you get for not listening live?
You heard so much more of me.
And I'm awesome.
And Loki's here as well.
DarkSakura
I ain't played shit.
Dan.
Mame.
Loki.
I've been playing Grand Theft Auto 4, The Lost and Damned, and recently during the show, Arroyo Momomasa, which is Momomasa Demon Blade.
on the Wii.
And I have been playing Wii Fit, surprisingly enough.
I've been playing a lot of Wii Fit.
I'm on a new little diet where I'm going to use Wii Fit and DDR to hopefully lose a significant amount of weight before E3.
Okay, so that was our gaming weeks.
Let's move into what's going on in the gaming world tonight.
Housekeeping.
Our show was completely borked this week, and we apologize, but that's live radio.
Good, bad, and ugly, all on live radio.
So, Loki, start us off quickly with some news tonight.
Okay, so I'm going to kind of, let's see here.
Interesting enough, Sony has actually patented a PSP-controlled car, which I don't really...
That's interesting, I guess.
It looks like, of course, not a real car, obviously.
It's more of a RC car type of thing, but that's kind of neat.
Apparently, the patent looks like, based off the instructions on there, it's going to have some sort of camera or something like that on it.
and you can kind of control it using the PSP, maybe an augmented reality game based off of what the camera sees.
What would be interesting though actually, because if you remember, the Sony AIBO actually had a camera built into it as well and one of the little Easter egg features about it is you could actually control the AIBO with your PSP.
So maybe this is something like that.
I don't know, it's kind of neat.
Maybe we'll see this at E3.
I wonder if it's just... I don't know, this is one of those things I look at and go, what?
Huh?
Really?
Like, Loki, do you think this is going to be something cool, or do you think this is like Eye of Judgment?
This is probably not anything cool.
No.
Well, we'll see.
The Car of Judgment.
DarkSakura, what kind of story did you want to cover tonight?
Well, there were a couple I thought would be cool.
Go for it.
Well, just to do it in short order, there is going to be Silent Hill Shattered Memories on PS2 and PSP and Wii.
The Wii version you can use a flashlight.
We talked about this last week, though.
It's basically going to be a revamping.
I don't think we had confirmed that the Wii thing was going to be a flashlight, but then they kind of confirmed it this week.
It's confirmed.
That's awesome.
Also, Silent Scope is coming out on iPhone, which is pretty cool.
The Beatles are re-releasing their entire music catalog to go out with the Beatles rock band version.
And each of the records is going to have a little documentary with it.
and um also there's going to be a 10 collection a 10 disc collection um to go out but it's going to be in mono I guess you can hear it in that record quality also um Sega is considering putting out twin sticks for virtual on for Xbox 360 which is gonna be sweet and we don't have to hack ours um and also there's going to be a grudge game I'm totally gonna get it
Yeah, but isn't it gonna be just like a bastardized version of the movies that you love?
I don't care, I'll still play it.
All right.
Well, some things I wanted to cover really quickly.
Wii Sports Resort has gotten apparently some actual dates.
We heard rumors about July last week on the show.
And it looks like they've been somewhat confirmed by Nintendo themselves.
They did a quick press conference this week and confirmed that the game is coming out in June and that an overseas release will follow the next month.
Overseas meaning, of course, the U.S.
in that circumstance.
Squeenix has created games for MySpace.
They've created this new...
Dive2Hunt Sorbet's Great Adventure
Final Fantasy XII
Metal Gear is going to be getting an arcade release if a rumor is to be believed.
That is a trademark that happened that Konami has filed.
Metal Gear and Tactical Online Action.
Apparently they are arcade games.
You know, there was that shooter game, the Silent Hill shooter game.
This doesn't seem something that's completely unbelievable to me.
I don't know.
There was also a game I saw at E3 a few years ago that was like an online play game where you could network through other arcades.
Yeah, the only problem with that though, that was Andamiro.
Yeah, it was Andamiro.
Metal Gear.
Loki, did you have anything else?
Do I talk to chat really quick?
Yeah, there's some other stuff.
Honda put out a press release saying that they're going to be sponsoring the launch of Xbox Live Primetime.
What's kind of funny, though, is they're actually going to have a play-and-win campaign.
and so on.
XBOX Live Arcade
Final Fantasy VII has come out on the PlayStation 3.
But if you do happen to have a Japanese PlayStation Network account, you can actually purchase the game, I guess if you have a way to pay in Japan.
And it is the international version, which does have the English language available as well for it, so that's kind of cool.
And finally, Konami is putting out a new military action game called Six Days in Fallujah.
And this is kind of getting a little bit of flack because people are saying it's too soon, too soon.
But either way, it is coming out.
And, you know, I was kind of surprised this week with Konami's kind of gamers night going on.
We didn't really hear anything about the stuff that was there.
I bet you they embargoed stuff.
Didn't we get embargoed one year we went?
Well, yeah, but it was usually embargoed until the next day.
You know, this was on a Thursday last week.
I mean, unless they were just doing everything next week.
But, I don't know.
I was surprised.
Just nothing really coming out other than this and, you know, the iPhone games and that kind of stuff.
But...
Oh well, and that's pretty much all I've got.
Oh, one last thing I was going to comment on.
There was a rumor going around that there was going to be Elite Systems coming out for $400 with Fable 2 and Halo 3 bundled in it.
Yeah, that's true.
So those will be coming by the end of this month and they're going to be around for about two months and that's it.
Rock Band Unplugged is coming out June 9th.
I know what I'm getting.
That's the week right after E3.
Did you see the video for it?
It looks just like, well, not exactly like Amplitude, but they've got four different tracks you switch between, and of course they're the same bass, drum, and guitar.
I'm very excited in a naughty spot.
It's proof that Harmonix loves us.
Thank you for watching!
It is very hard to find now.
Yes.
Even for me.
And I can find anything.
I wanted to mention this story really quickly as well because I thought this was interesting about the whole digital stuff and downloads and things like that.
Amazon right now will actually sell Xbox 360 video games.
And I'm not talking about the tangible kind.
I'm talking about they actually have an Xbox Live store now.
You actually can purchase the games through Amazon.com.
And I guess the way you do it, you go on there, you buy with your Amazon account, and then you get a code to put in your Xbox 360.
So this is kind of a way you can get around using Microsoft Points if you don't want to.
Rumor is this is coming out soon for Sony and Nintendo as well.
And this means you would be able to bypass Nintendo Points, and you'd be able to bypass the extra money left over in Sony's wallet, which is kind of interesting, if true.
Okay?
Rumor.
I was actually wondering, though, if it would be possible for me to make a statement about Amazon.
Sure.
This is what I told you earlier.
Amazon right now is stripping the sales ranks off of the gay, lesbian authors so that when you try to look up a product, you won't find anything from them.
It's really just to keep... They say it's to keep children from finding adult content, yet Ron Jeremy's autobiography is still easily accessible.
His ranks haven't been stripped.
So there is a movement going to Google bomb them.
So just go to Google and type in Amazon rank.
That's all.
Interesting.
Everyone should do it at least five times.
Huh.
Where'd you read about this?
I'm kind of curious.
Several friends on LiveJournal.
All right, well.
Sometimes we get on side rants on this show.
I'm passing on the word if you support, you know.
I'll check it out.
I don't want to go off until I know a little more.
I've already gone off once tonight when we were live.
So let me do a little more research on it before I lose my shit.
I'm making a statement.
If you want to, the information's out there.
I'll check it out.
I'm curious.
I'm curious.
I guess that's it for the news we were going to cover tonight.
Again,
I really apologize for the Bort podcast tonight.
We wanted to do something though instead of nothing.
There was extreme frustration in studio tonight just with the whole Bort card and everything like that.
But these things happen.
It's live radio.
We try to do it every week, but sometimes it's just not going to happen.
Thank you guys as always for your support for listening to our program and supporting independent podcasting even when it's not so great.
It really is you guys, the chatters, the live listeners that send us emails and all that that really keep us going.
Really appreciate it.
We will be back next week with a proper
Episode 320.
All we have to do is replace a video card.
We can't just do it.
It would take us longer than an hour to do it tonight.
But we will be replaced.
Sadly, DarkSakura will not be here next week.
She's going to be in Disneyland.
But happy birthday.
Happy early birthday.
And I'm sorry your pre-birthday show was fucked.
Dan, please.
Because tonight was so fucked up, why don't you come back next week and fill in for Jamie?
Maybe.
I don't know if you guys are lucky enough.
Alright, well, maybe if we get enough love mail to the mailbag at mailbag at orangelaunchradio.com He's got to read the mailbag.
Dan has to read the mailbag.
Dan can come in and BJ me next week.
No.
No, no, no.
See, he can't be me.
He can't even contain me.
The great thing is I can wear her underwear.
So I'll grab some, put a pair on each leg.
Oh my lord.
It'll be awesome.
The chat room is asking... Y'all heard it too.
It's gonna happen.
The chat room is asking what your classic game of the week was.
However, let's just roll it over.
Right?
To the next week or... And if Dan comes next week...
Dan just blew it.
Alright, where was the classic game of the week this week?
Okay, play me my music.
I can't.
The classic game was Tetris.
And if you don't know anything about Tetris, then get your head out of your ass.
The end.
Now, I'll make Dan this offer.
He's not going to be able to refuse this.
Dan, if you come to the show next week, you can pick the classic game of the week.
He's going to pick Lifeforce.
I don't think Lifeforce is, in fact, great.
Lifeforce is amazing, but I think you've picked it before, DarkSakura.
I don't know.
A couple weeks ago.
We'll have to see.
No, I'm talking.
I'm taking over.
I put in Parodius before.
Show Dan the list and see if there's something he believes needs to be on the list and he can come put it on the list of classic games.
Dan, if you pick something that sucks.
An omen.
An omen.
I don't even know what that is, but I want one.
No, no, no, because our vows will till death do us part, so that'll be an ice pick to the face.
Oh my god.
My face or your face?
Your face.
You know what, let's just do an ice pick from OLR this week for Dan and Jamie fighting.
This is a great radio right here.
Ice pick, yeah.
Let's get Nelly to come in here and nag on you for a little while, Loki.
It'll be awesome.
It'll be a great radio.
Then we'll call my ex and see what he's up to.
Everybody, everybody, I love my boy.
Yeah.
Loki, I feel bad.
I know you're always rah, rah, rah about the show and everything and probably disappointed with the way things turned out, but please tell us a little more about this game that you're playing.
I don't really know what it's about.
I just know I'm not getting bored with it yet because it's in Japanese.
It's pretty, but it's... What is the name of this again?
Oboe Muramasa, which is coming out over here.
It's Muramasa.
Hold on, back it up.
This game looks...
What are you doing this?
It's basically a side-scrolling game.
I'm not really sure what I'm supposed to be doing in this, but like when that little thing comes up and I attack ninjas and then my sword breaks, I got switch swords and I attack shit like crazy and go all crazy.
Basically a button mash because there's one attack button.
and I do all sorts of cool stuff.
Yeah, that's basically it.
You get huge combos.
This is like freaking Dynasty Warriors or something.
Is it by the Odin Sphere guys?
Yeah, it's by the Odin Sphere guys.
It's very similar.
If you didn't play Odin Sphere and you like those kind of fruitish Japanese action-adventure games, it's
Pretty cool.
Alright, well I think we're going to go ahead and wrap up for tonight.
Again, we'll be back like normal next week.
All we have to do is get a new video card and we'll be better again, hopefully.
If worse comes to worse, we do have a second computer here in the studio.
We're just going to move the sound card over.
There will be new OLR next week.
Sadly, sans Jamie, but hopefully plus Dan.
If Dan decides he doesn't want to come, we'll figure something out for next week.
After all this time, I finally got you to use a font other than Times New Roman for show role.
I know.
That's why it all fell apart, Casino.
No, no, no.
You cannot blame the show's lack of success on the lack of serifs.
Shush.
Alright.
That's going to do it for another week of Orange Lounge Radio.
Again, thank you guys so much for supporting us.
Independent Radio.
You guys are great.
Especially the live chatters that have had to suffer through tonight's show.
And I apologize to the podcast listeners.
This is just the downside of live radio is that sometimes your computer will decide to eat your show.
And that's what happened tonight.
Nom nom.
I hope it was delicious.
Computer.
I hope it gives you diarrhea like eating an entire bag of marshmallow peeps.
I hope, computer.
That's disgusting!
You're a terrible human being.
You're welcome.
That's it.
No fancy intro.
No nothing.
We're out.
Bye, guys.
