Today, April 19th, 2009, a new PSP game is set to be released with no UMDs.
Karaoke Revolution looks to be getting a reboot, but what is the hidden bonus feature in the
PC version of Braid?
Hello, everybody out there on the internet, and welcome to another week of Orange Lounge
Radio.
Yes, we are back, and here to talk about the latest and greatest in video games, video
gaming, gaming culture, and the gamer lifestyle.
My name is Rob Roberts, and joining you every week here on Orange Lounge Radio.
Not with us tonight, unfortunately, is the one and only Dark Sakura, Jamie Summers.
It's her birthday today, and she's celebrating her birthday at Disneyland, because you know
they have that whole get in free for your birthday thing going on.
Joining us, though, of course, as always, say hello to Tech Master, Loki.
Hello.
How you doing, Loki?
Good.
All right.
Before anybody asks, yes, we have a new video card, okay?
We're taking care of it.
Old video card, yes.
We'll talk about it a little more during the housekeeping segment tonight, but we're excited
here because in studio right now, we're playing the Final Fantasy 13 demo, and actually streaming
it on Justin TV.
And yes, I know we're not the first to do it.
You know, I feel like there's some people out there, like, that were in the main all
games chat room earlier doing the whole, Samsons did it, thing.
You know what I mean?
Okay, we get it.
But, like, you know what?
You know, and this may not be as big for you guys, but for me, like, it's one thing to
watch it on YouTube and watch somebody else play it on Justin TV, but to, like, actually
see it on my little TV here in the garage is, like, wow.
Wow, that looks nice.
Wow.
Because, like, you know, it's not pixelated at all or anything like that, so it's pretty
nice.
So if you haven't seen it at all for whatever reason yet, you can check out our Justin TV
channel while we're live.
If you are listening on podcast, hopefully there's some archived footage over there on
Justin TV that you can look at.
Yeah.
So, Loki, tell us about a little bit how you got this demo and how you ordered it and all
that, and why you did it.
I just imported the Final Fantasy VII Advent Children Complete, the Final Fantasy XIII
trial version, and I did it because, one, I wanted to play Final Fantasy XIII, and honestly,
this is probably the only way I could play it for, you know, a year until it comes out.
You know, I'm assuming spring 2010 for us.
And also, because I like Advent Children a lot, and I wanted to see the movie, you know,
all high def with, you know, extra scenes, so it's a win-win.
And because, you know, PlayStation 3 games are region-free, and because the Blu-ray movie
is the same region for both- You know, it just wouldn't be OLR without
tech problems.
Sorry.
Yeah.
So it's the same region, you know, for Japan and US, you know, why not?
And plus, the movie itself actually has the English dub track in it, so...
It works.
And it's pretty awesome.
I actually watched more of the movie than I have played of the demo, so I've only played
about 10 minutes of the demo right now.
And so far?
So far.
You like it?
Yeah, it's gonna be good.
I mean, it's got a lot in common with Final Fantasy VII.
Starts off with the train, sort of futuristic, you know, there's, you know, a lot of battle
stuff going on.
I don't know, it just feels very VII-ish.
But which, well, which Final Fantasy game have they been able to hoard unlike any other?
VII.
Exactly.
Yeah, and they're gonna hoard this like crazy.
But you know what though, it's without a doubt gonna be the best RPG that's ever gonna grace
the PlayStation 3 and the 360.
That's, without a doubt, it's gonna be the one that's gonna be on these systems.
Final Fantasy XIV will not be on the PS3, I can guarantee it.
Huh.
Well, it'll probably be on, I mean, because they're gonna hoard, you know, XIII out for
a while.
They've got like three, two versions.
With Versus and everything?
There's still Versus, and then all the other ones they're gonna put out.
XIV probably won't be out for a long time, and by that time there'll be probably a new
system.
XIII won't be another MMO.
Like XI was.
No, I don't think it'll be part of the series if that's the case.
Who knows?
Speculate, speculate, speculate.
But we gotta get XIII out first.
It's been years in the making, but I'll tell you what, just from the little bits and pieces
I'm seeing.
And this is old, I mean, this footage, or the game itself, this is all back from December
2008, is, you know, how far along it was.
So now, it's not even gonna resemble this by the time, it was kinda like, you know,
the VIII demo, you know, because the VIII demo came out way early, and then, you know,
VIII came out, and it was, you know, quite a bit different, so.
Well, Loki's gonna do his best to kinda go back and forth from actually playing the demo
to doing what he needs to do on the show.
It's gonna be very difficult tonight, because Dark Sakura's not here, so it's just Loki
and I here to cover the news tonight, but he'll play the game as much as he can.
But if we have stragglers come into the Justin TV room that aren't really familiar with this
show, if our regular listeners would help them understand.
Yeah, haven't figured out what we wanna do with audio, if we wanna do half Final Fantasy
13, half us talking, you know, because we can only, you know, do one channel at a time,
or whatever.
Probably half and half is good.
Half and half?
Half and half is good.
Alright.
Alright.
And then...
Yeah, I mean, that's it.
I mean, the movie itself looks awesome, and the HD, oh, it's sweet.
Well, what else has been going on in your gaming week, Loki?
What other stuff have you been playing?
I finished Grand Theft Auto Lost in the Damned.
I was playing that online a bit.
There's actually a lot of people cheating out there, you know, apparently I'm not the
only one that knows how to modify the 360 version, and a lot of people just don't seem
to care about being very obvious with it, so whatever, you know, that's fine.
And then, I've been playing, I'm trying to think of what else I was playing here.
I tried, what was it, I downloaded the demo for Outrun, but I haven't gotten a chance
to play that yet.
I was actually looking at some of the, like, XNA games that they had on there, the community
stuff, and there was not a lot that I'm interested in, but there's a few that I was gonna try.
I haven't gotten a chance to play those yet.
I did on the DS, I tried giving Bob's game another try, and no, it still sucks really
bad.
In fact, it sucks even more than the last time I played it, and it's just so poorly
put together.
That's it.
And I tried a little bit of, what was it, Trackmania DS, and that was fun.
And you know, last week we played Muramasa, the DM Blade.
You know, that game actually, I'm thinking I'm not gonna pick it up, you know, when it
comes out in the US.
It's just not, I don't know, it, not quite how I pictured it.
Wasn't that what we were looking at last week at the board show?
Yeah, but it was the Japanese one.
I mean, usually I'll pick it up when they come over here.
But you know, not really, it looks good, but it's just not something I can see myself putting
a lot of time into.
Then I'm trying to think of what else I played.
That's pretty much it right now.
I have just a lot of stuff.
I got into the Fat Princess Beta, which if we have time, I may show some of that.
I don't even know if that plays offline or not.
I haven't got a chance to play it yet, just downloaded it.
And then, yeah, I mean, that's pretty much it for right now for games.
It's just been busy.
Alright, sounds good.
Why don't you unpause the demo and let the folks see a little more of it while we're
gonna hook up the audio again.
Okay, sounds good.
And I'm gonna talk a little bit about my gaming week and we're gonna do something a little
different tonight because it's just Loki and I, just the two of us, us two here holding
down the fort.
We're actually gonna do something different tonight.
We're gonna let our Skype line be open all night long.
Usually we only will take Skype calls at the end of the show, but tonight you guys are
truly in the passenger seat.
You will be able to call in and if you wanna, you know, the nice thing about this is that,
you know, I guess one thing we can say we do differently is that if you wanna call in
and see Loki do something in the demo, you can actually call in and he'll do whatever
I guess you wanna do.
Like if there's a menu you wanna look at or what have you.
I don't know, for what it's worth.
But also we want you guys to participate in the show tonight.
So we're gonna actually invite a listener to call in and tell us how your gaming week
was.
So I put the number there in chat, 1-877-GAME-OLR.
In the meantime, my gaming week, actually not totally eventful.
I'm still on my Wii Fit plan.
It's been two weeks since I started actually taking Wii Fit seriously and I'm trying to
get in as much of it as I can every day.
I did go through like a two or three day streak where I didn't play, you know, at all just
cause I had other stuff going on.
But I've been trying to get in a good 15, 30, one day I got like 45 minutes in on Wii
Fit.
So I'm gonna keep trying to do that on Wii Fit and hopefully get to my goal weight of
losing I think like four pounds or so.
But in the meantime, I lost a whole pound in the past two weeks on Wii Fit.
Woo hoo!
And a little DDR.
Also, I played a little bit of World of Warcraft and checked out the new patch.
I'll tell you more about that in just a minute.
But we got a call on the line.
Hi, you're on Orange Lawn's Radio.
Who's this?
This is Leo Shen.
Hey, Leo Shen.
How you doing, Leo Shen?
I'm doing fine yourself.
Good!
Now this is, I believe this may be the first time in OLR history where we have invited
this open to the listeners to tell us about your gaming week.
So Leo Shen, be the first listener and tell us what kind of games you've been playing
this week.
Well, I played a little bit of Arcana Heart 2.
I tried to give it another shot on the PS2.
It's a piece of shit.
Now Arcana Heart, is that the all chick fighting game?
That's the all girl fighting game.
Now I remember, I think you were in chat last week during the Bork show and you were telling
people that this game was shit and you were not a big fan of it.
I seem to remember the first one had such a big cult following.
Why is this one not as good as the first one?
It's got major slowdown and it was a pretty bad port.
Really?
It's a port of an arcade version?
Yes, it is.
Interesting.
Hmm.
So it's just a bad port.
What is it?
Pixelated?
Does it run crappy?
Is it just not fun?
If you can put your finger on what it is, what is it?
Um, let's see, whenever, okay, all the old characters are fine, but when you try to use
the new characters, their frame rate slows down majorly and it pretty much makes the
game, like, you can play it, but it's just not fun waiting for it.
Hmm.
I'm looking in chat and the hitstun agrees with you.
The PlayStation 2 port of Arcana Heart 2 is awful.
No, I guess that means there's probably not going to be an Arcana Heart 3.
If it was in the arcade and on PS3, maybe.
Maybe.
Anything else you've been playing this week?
Actually, I've been playing a lot of Street Fighter IV because I just received my tournament
edition Mad Cat stick.
How does it play with the new stick?
It plays amazing with the stick.
Nice.
How much of an investment was that for you?
Well, I play a lot of fighters and I'm thinking that this could serve me well in BlazBlue,
King of Fighters XII, and Tekken 6, so I picked it up.
Very cool.
Wow, so you're very busy with fighting games.
Is that like your primary genre of games you enjoy?
Well, um, not a, I play all sorts.
Personally I've been playing a lot of Eroge, which is Japanese pornography games, so they're
fun.
Nice.
Sounds like fun.
Are you a role-playing game fan?
Are you excited about Final Fantasy XIII?
No.
No.
Alright, well then, I guess I'm not going to ask you about the, wait, but you did like
Lost Odyssey?
I'm liking Lost Odyssey a lot.
Well, it's Final Fantasy-ish, but, you know, Final Fantasy is not for everyone.
I don't like Final Fantasy at all.
Alright.
That's fair.
That's fair.
Alright, well we're going to let you go so we can finish up our gaming weeks and get
into the news.
But have a good one, buddy.
Thanks for calling.
No problem.
You too.
Alright.
Enjoy those fighting games.
And now, I'm actually, I'm a little bit distracted by this Final Fantasy XIII demo, so what is
this?
This is that one new character that was announced.
Yeah, and he has a chocobo that lives in his afro.
The little chocobo that lives in the dude's afro and he just kind of like let it go.
But I'm looking, I'm watching this, it's like, this is all like the in-game engine, isn't
it?
Yeah.
Oh my gosh.
Wow.
That looks nice.
Alright, well we're going to let you go then, so why not?
We'll take this call.
Hi, you're on Orange Launch Radio.
Who's this?
It's GS68.
Hey, GS68.
How you doing?
I'm okay.
Uh, what's on your mind?
How was your gaming week?
My gaming was alright.
I played Star Soldier R and um, the
game was pretty good, so I played a little bit of Para Para Paradise, which is kind of
like a mix.
Wow, so you've had a pretty busy week.
So even after all these years, you're still playing Para Para Paradise.
Um, yeah, whenever I get a Milpitas golf plan.
Like on Friday, I had a male friend and a female friend with me and they encouraged me
to play, so I played around.
Why do you think that series ended up dying?
For those who don't know, Para Para Paradise, I guess you could say it's like DDR with your
hands for those who don't know.
Yeah, basically.
But there's this whole like, it's that mixed with country line dancing, except it's not
country, it's techno music.
Like that's the best way I can explain Para Para to those who have no idea what it is.
Yeah, one thing is, especially, two things I really like about why like it's easier to
maintain the machines because instead of stepping on pads, you just move your hand center sensors
so you're not wearing out the sensors.
And then also it, not only is it easier to freestyle, but the game actually encourages
you to freestyle.
We had a guy locally used to play Para Para Paradise, so it was very good at the freestyle
but he didn't do like the Para girl type moves.
He did this weird rave dancing thing.
Do you remember that guy with the little hat and everything?
He was really good at that stuff.
He would do breakdancing stuff.
Yeah, he'd do like breakdancing to Para Para Paradise.
I'm like, that's Para freestyle to me, you know, like, it was pretty cool.
Because you know, I think Para kind of got teased a little bit over here because it's
such a girl game or what have you, but you know, it's fun.
Fuck it.
I remember myself as more manly for playing that game.
I mean, because, you know, most men would not bother with that game.
That's just interesting, the cultural differences from there to here, so.
Alright.
I know, well.
Well, anything else you want to share about your gaming week?
Yeah, I gave, yeah, I got Bear, I played the Bear Knuckle 3, the Japanese version of Street
Jump Rage 3 with the English patch, so it was much more comprehensive, and I actually
get to play on the real normal difficulty instead of the American normal that's really
Japanese hard BS.
Hmm.
So, so, wait, then Japanese normal is like easy mode.
Yeah, there are a lot of changes to the American version, like, all the difficulties got bumped
up by one, for example, on the US version, easy is the equivalent of normal on Japanese
version, and what really sucks about it is that if you play on easy on the US version,
the game ends on stage 5 with a bad ending, which I think is retarded.
Alright, well, excuse me, I just coughed, sorry to hear about the bad, ahh, sorry to
hear about the bad ending, my god, if not, if it's not the computer breaking, it's me
breaking here at OLR, alright, sorry, anyway, sorry to hear about the bad ending of the
game, we're going to get back to our gaming weeks, but thanks for the call, buddy, have
a good one.
Alright.
And keep dancing the Para Para no matter what anyone else says.
Alright.
Alright.
Bye.
Alright, we're going to close off the Skyblind for just a little bit so I can finish my gaming
week.
World of Warcraft got a new patch this week, the 3.1 patch, which I checked out and played
with a little bit, there's a couple new upgrades in this, one of the new upgrades is Uldular,
which is a new endgame raid that they have in the game, which, you know, is really for
the high end players that have finished Karazhan, finished Eye of Eternity, which actually is
me, I would fit into that category, but since I was gone for so long, I haven't really been
in the group of players to go in there yet, also, they like to raid on like Friday and
Saturday nights, so I'm like, dude, those are the two nights I don't want to raid, those
are the nights I want to go out and have fun, because it's Friday and Saturday nights, it's
the weekend.
So, yeah, I just really haven't gotten around to raiding the new content yet, but I did
check out some of the other new features they have, such as the Argent Tournament is one
of the new things they have, which is basically like a joust-like game, a jousting-like game,
I shouldn't say joust-like game because I didn't think of the old Atari 2600, but a
jousting-like minigame that they've put into WoW, which is decent, but it's very buggy
right now, and it's having a lot of lag and bug issues, and some of the WoW and Blizzard
folks have been taking a lot of heat from the fans for not testing this patch thoroughly
enough because they're having a lot of problems on the main server.
People have been getting stranded in the Ulduar dungeons where they've been locked out of
their characters, you know, people have been having problems, I was having problems today
with the jousting in Argon Tournament, you're supposed to do like, you want to collect five
emblems every day, and that's the most you can collect, and then you can advance quicker
through the levels, so I'm trying to collect my five every day, and while I was trying
to do my fights to get one of the emblems, the game was just, like, I was losing when
it was halfway through the fight, so it was kind of buggy, so that was disappointing a
little bit, you know, but you kind of cut your losses in that way, Blizzard's pretty
good about compensating people for time, they already comped everybody a free day because
patch day was so borked in, you know, everything that was going on, so, you know, this is just
kind of par for the course with MMOs, but damn, you have your rabid fans who just get
pissed every time they roll out some new patch and something's broken, they're like, I can't
believe these people, blah blah blah blah, it's just kind of like, jeez, you know, go
outside then, it's gonna bother you that much, so, so you've been playing the Final Fantasy
XIII demo, I've been talking to some people, and I'm just still impressed how the, this
is all kind of the in-game engine, looking at this, but I haven't gotten to see a lot
of battles, but how is the battle system? It's pretty cool, basically, so like, there's
a battle system, it's transitioned into this, you have a little bar that's like your AP
bar or whatever, and you can pick attacks and they have different, like, you know, lengths,
so this one attack will do, you know, one, I can do three normal attacks, and it'll do
just kind of like a little hack and slash thing, or, for example, I can do, uh, Viagra,
which will do all three, and then that attacks everything.
Huh, now how do you, how do you know, how are you understanding the Japanese in this?
You don't know Japanese, do you? No, it's just trial and error.
Trial and error, I guess that works. Yeah, especially if you're trying to find
a cure spell, it's like, uh, where is that? I'm like, uh, maybe it's this menu. One of
these other menus, I think it's, if I remember correctly, I think that's attack, skill, and
I think that's, uh, white magic, maybe. You can probably guess it's very similar to
the layout of most other Final Fantasy games, too, like your top command's always gonna
be attack. Yeah, I mean, you can just do, like, three
different things. See, I don't even know what I just did there, but.
So it's interesting, because having played a lot of Final Fantasy XII, I'm, I'm kind
of, it looks like, in a way, they've taken a step back to not even XI, because XI was
so different, but X, this is more like Final Fantasy X's battles, but with a little bit
of that. Um, no, I think it's supposed to be, like,
XII, because you can actually avoid battles, you just have to, you know, not walk into
the creature. So it's kind of a hybrid of X and XII.
Something like that, I guess. Strange. Very strange.
Hmm. All right, well, if you want to join us and
chat with us, chat.orangelaungerated.com is the place to be, we'll be reading comments
from chat all night, we'll also have the phone lines open.
I am trying to keep a little eye on the JustinTV chat, but I'm not always the best at balancing
two chat rooms, especially when we're down a host tonight, we're all very, very busy
in multitasking right now here in studio. But we will do our best to try and get through
the show tonight, let's start to get into some gaming news, but first I want to talk
about some housekeeping tonight. Obviously last week's show was very borked,
if you were here for it, we had a video card die in the middle of the show. We did get
back up and running, we had to make some small changes, we're not on a widescreen monitor,
which I'm hating because I got so used to the real estate screen space on a widescreen
monitor, but that's all right, I'm dealing, it's better than nothing, it's better than
last week. And we have a recycled video card plugged
in the computer, which apparently Loki was using as a doorstop.
Well, the computer was a doorstop, yes. The video card is just sitting there.
That's hilarious. But hey, now we're getting some use out of it. But this is what I wanted
to say, it has come to my attention that the listeners, a lot of the people that were listening
last night, or not last night, last week, actually ended up taking up a collection because
of, and I don't know if it was inspired by my frustrations and venting that was going
on that night with all the problems and what have you, or what it was, but regardless,
the listeners took up a collection, they collected something like, I'm not even kidding, $250,
$280 I think they got, almost $300, they've bought us a new studio computer, some type
of refurbished thing I think they got on Newegg, they've got us a new studio computer that's
on its way. Well, that's awfully nice.
I know, I'm like, guys, you didn't have to do that.
It's not a Mac. No, it's not a Mac, it's not a Mac. I'm like,
guys, you didn't have to do that, we just needed the video card, we're fine. But at
the same time, now that we know there's a third one coming, we're kind of like, okay,
well, come to think of it, there is a lot we could do with a third computer. We could
probably, we could have one in the house, so we could stream more from the TV in there,
we could have a satellite computer at Dark Sacras for nights that we want to broadcast
from her house, there's things we can do with it.
Or Loki can tear it apart, I don't know. No, I'm not going to tear it apart, I'm just,
it might come in handy with Skype later on. Oh, okay, okay, sure, sure, yeah. We can do
some fancy things with Skype. Wink, wink, nudge, nudge, yeah.
Sounds good, sounds good. I'm liking this idea. Alright. So, great. And actually, Brad
from Pod Culture in the chat room is clarifying, it's a lot of new parts as well, it's all
new parts. And all the chatters are being very nice. ActDef says we didn't have to,
but we wanted to. You guys are very, very nice. I mean, I'm almost at a loss for words,
like when I read about it. You know, my reaction is just like, guys, you really don't, I mean,
we kind of pride ourselves on the fact that we've done this for seven years and really
not made a lot of money off of it. I mean, you know, thanks to-
I wouldn't think we've made any money off of it.
Thanks to, well, thanks to another very generous donation we had a couple of years ago on Christmas,
you might remember, we got to do some travel the next year and do some shows that we wouldn't
normally do. And I'll, actually, I want to say something about shows in a minute. But
yeah, so it's just been, just very thankful and very floored and just really shows you
the community we have here at Orange Lounge Radio and it's just amazing and just, I'm
very thankful. So thank you.
They say that I'm going to fill it full of porn. That's wrong. I have a PC at home and
a PSP to fill full of porn. I don't need any more porn on this computer.
They're saying Loki will have to put it together, which is fine.
That's fine.
Yeah. And we, and I think there was, we're going to put the old drives in it so we don't
lose any of the shows and all that. So we'll figure it out.
That's fine.
I have to call Rama. He's been trying to get ahold of me and I just have been so busy trying
to get everything together. So we will have more to come.
We'll put it to good use.
Yes, we will. We'll find one way or another, we will definitely get good use out of that
machine. So very excited. All right. Let's see. What else I want to mention? Speaking
of travel, I am going to be attending after being requested to do so for about the past
three years by various listeners. It is true, which you may have heard. I am going to ASAN
anime central in Chicago. Not only am I going, I'm going to be doing a panel there. It's
called, so you think you can podcast and I'm going to take my, yes, I'm going to take my
seven years of podcasting experience at well radio slash podcasting experience and talk
about how, you know, if you are a independent gamer, independent anime fan, it's not going
to be just about video games, just about fandom. If you have a fandom, you want to make a podcast
about how do you get started? How do you find an audience? How do you do that? So I'm very
excited to go there. I have friends and so I might be making a cameo at the Bamani panel
as well, which I'm very excited about because Eddie, my buddy who runs a big, big website
called Bamani style.com, you may have heard of it. He is runs that panel and is hoping
to have me do a cameo so that I'm excited. I really want to do that. Unfortunately, dark
soccer and Loki not able to go now because the wife won't let Loki go and I still have
travel budget. You know, yeah, we're doing the E3 thing just because I'm using my tax
return to do it. So that's something that was paid for by anybody. I got paid for by
my work because our work gave us each $1500 trips, basically. So I'm using this to go
to LA and we're staying at a nice hotel, E3, and then the slum hotel in Disneyland. But
we're going to go do that. I have to find something for the wife to do while I'm at
E3 though. I was going to get her in but, you know, I thought about it and, you know,
even if I could get her in, which wouldn't have been, you know, exactly the most up and
up ways, she would have been bored out of her mind. Yeah, yeah. But yeah. Bobby is in
chat right now. Our good buddy Bobby Black Wolf does a show before us on All Games Radio.
I have considered going to ASEN just to crash Rob's panel. That's very sweet. That's alright
because I was going to go to a DragonCon and crash yours. But then I guess they have now
PAX and DragonCon are the same weekend or whatever. PAX is looking very likely this
year as well. I think we're all in the mindset of let's get past E3 first, then we'll talk
PAX. Yeah, I'm not going to PAX. I know I definitely want to go. This will be the last
trip I take for a long time, unfortunately. Fair enough, fair enough. You got to do what
you got to do. Personal life first. Alright, let's get into tonight's gaming news because
the Justin TVers are like, are you going to unpause the damn game or not? Sorry, I can't
multitask like that. I probably could. It's Orange Lounge Radio. Does it say Final Fantasy
13 television? No, we're just trying to do both tonight. Sorry. Alright, no that's alright.
So there was a rumor. Don't apologize, Logi. There was a rumor from Ars Technica that said
they had a source that was claiming that Patapon 2 would be a download only, that it would
not have a physical UMD, that it would actually be just a code basically that would come in
a case and it would be available the same day as it's available on the PSN. Now this
actually brings up a lot of bad things. One, okay we didn't know that, at least at my work,
until I asked about it and they're all, oh yeah, I forgot to mention that to you. Which
sucked. And two, because we have stores that rent PSP games, now they can't rent that.
So they cancel all their orders off, which honestly is not that many. But still, it's
annoying. So basically here's what you're going to get. You're going to get this case,
it's going to have a voucher in it. It's going to have a printed manual. And it will be $20.
Now if you don't give a crap about your printed manual, you can download it for $15. Honestly
I think $5 for a case that you're basically going to throw away in a manual is a rip off
to me. But this is something that they're trying, that they're testing out apparently.
I have a feeling though that this is not going to be a test. Especially if that PSP 2 rumors
or whatever, 4000 or whatever you're going to call it, happen to be true and there is
a no UMD port in the new upcoming system, then all of the PSP games will be like this.
Or at least they're going to have this option so that you can, those who may not have this
new system will be able to download it or be able to play it on the original system
as well.
Yeah, that sounds like a little more than a test to me. This is letting the middle man
down gently is I think what this is about. Don't you think? I mean this is very successful
which I actually don't think it's going to be. I don't think it's going to be that successful.
I don't think so either.
I don't think this is going to sell any more than the regular arcade title.
Honestly I think if they were smart they would not put it in stores and just leave it as
a download and that's it. Because I think they're wasting money putting it in stores
because really if you're an informed buyer, an informed consumer, you're going to realize
that, huh, it's $5 cheaper online. Why the hell would I pay for it in the store?
They've done this before with PS3 games where it's the same price online as it is in the
store or you get a little bit more with it. For example, Warhawk, you got a Bluetooth
headset and you got the game and some other crap. That's a little bit different. But if
it's just going to be the same price online versus buying in the stores, why do I even
bother buying it in the store?
What about, is this for grandma, mom, relative who just wanders into the game store and thinks
this looks like a good family-friendly title to buy the children?
Maybe, but at the same time it also might be for the people that had pre-orders on it.
I don't know. At the same time, this worries me in two ways. One, if it's not successful,
if it turns out more people decide to download it online than buy it in the store, they're
like, hey, look, the online download thing works just fine. Let's just do it that way
and not put it out in the store.
If it does really well in the store, then they're going to realize, hey, you know what?
We don't need a UMD in there. We can just go ahead and have it as a download title.
And guess what? If they buy it as a code, they can't sell it used. There are no used
copies. It's all new all the time.
If you want to comment on this, we are open all night tonight. Decipher in chat says they're
not really wasting money putting it into stores as it will let people who didn't know about
the online store find out about it and how to use it. And Cheeseburger says this could
be for a gift. Those are coming from our chat room, chat.orangewonsradio.com.
But they could easily do a gift online or something with a voucher and that kind of
stuff. I mean, that can be done. I don't know.
Grandma can't exactly go on the PlayStation store. You know what I mean? They know, oh,
my grandson loves video games. I'm going to go to GameStop and buy a game. Oh, this pat-a-pawn
looks very nice and cutesy. I'll buy this, right?
I guess, yeah.
But I mean, I don't know how, you know, is it going to be enough? Is there really going
to be enough of that to justify this whole strange way of releasing titles? I don't know.
It's going to be a test and I have a feeling, though, it's not going to be just a one-time
test despite what they said. You know, I have a feeling it's going to be something that
we're going to see a lot more of.
Because, I mean, everyone's kind of going to the online digital stuff, especially now
with, you know, the iPhone app store, you know, doing well by itself. I mean, they're
realizing they don't need to sell stuff in, you know, a traditional marketplace.
Wait a minute. Are you trying to blame Apple for this whole thing?
Um, part of it, I guess. But it's not even so much Apple. I mean, look at, like, you
know, Xbox Live Arcade or even just an old PlayStation network. You know, they've figured
out that you can, you know, put stuff out just digital only and it still sells pretty
well.
Let's go to the lines. We have a call. Hi, you're on Orange Lounge Radio. Who's this?
Hi, this is Hack Def.
Hey, Hack Def. How you doing? What do you think about this? Patapon 2, digital release
only, but kind of $5 more if you want the case and manual in stores. What do you think?
Well, I think it's a good idea. Not necessarily in the United States, but in the whole world,
especially down in Mexico and other Latin American countries.
And for those listeners that don't listen to the show regularly, you actually are from
Mexico, so I'm kind of curious your perspective on this. Why?
Why? Because the PSN store in Mexico, it's barely updated on time. If we don't get all
the stuff, the U.S. gets, like, some games, demos, videos, and other stuff. So if the
Patapon 2 goes only download on the PSN, I don't know if it would get released on time,
but having to go to the store and having something you can use to download, it would be very
useful.
Loki, have you heard anything about what's going to happen outside the U.S.? Because
I would think, wouldn't these codes be region-locked on top of everything else?
They released it as a UMD in Europe. So this is only in Japan, I think they also released
it as a UMD. So it's only in the U.S. that they're trying this right now.
Most of the things they release in the U.S., it's brought over here, so that's why I'm
concerned about this.
Interesting. Huh. Well, I guess, I'll be kind of curious to see when this game's released.
Is this a game you're thinking of picking up, Acteft?
I don't have a PSP, but I tried the Patapon 1 demo on a friend's PSP, and I liked it.
And if I'm getting a PSP soon, probably will. I do want to get Patapon 2.
Well, if you do end up getting the PSP, or if your friend does it, I'd be kind of curious
how easy or difficult it is for you to do so. So you'll have to follow up with this
later.
Yeah.
And let us know how it goes. Alright, well thanks for the call, Acteft, and have a good
one.
Thank you.
Bye bye. Alright, 1-877-GAME-OLR. We're doing a little bit different and keeping it open
all night tonight for your calls if you want to call in at any time and comment on what
have you.
Let's go ahead and move on to another story and talk a little bit about Gears of War 3.
God of War 3. Every time I see G-O-W, I think Gears of War. It's actually God of War 3.
God of War 3, I guess there was a survey going on out there, and there's going to be a God
of War 3 Collector's Edition, and one thing that they've actually been exploring, putting
into this, per a survey that went out earlier this week, that there could be re-releases
of God of War 1 and 2 on Blu-Ray. Kind of interesting, right? Yeah. Also, a God of War
and God of War 2 cinematic movie compilation, which, you know, God of War obviously had
some pretty epic cutscenes and some great music in it, so that would be very interesting
to see a type of just cinematic compilation be released. Now, granted, these are just
things they're exploring. It doesn't mean that it's going to happen, but it's interesting
that they asked about it, because that would mean that they are talking that it's feasible,
right? And if it's feasible to actually be able to play PlayStation 2 games and emulate
them on Blu-Ray, then that means that they've built an emulator that runs in software, which
means that they can do an update that will be backwards compatible with PlayStation 2
games. But why would they do that if they can resell the game, just like Nintendo does?
Exactly, that's true, but I think that they would want to do it as a patch so that you
can, you know, have it on the system so that you can download PlayStation 2 games, just
like you can PlayStation 1 games. I have a feeling this is where it's going to go, and
I have a feeling they're playing this down right now, because that's going to be an announcement
that they're going to make. If this ever comes to fruition, I mean, it could be just all
talk right now, but... Well, and if a later comment from Sony is to be believed, this
is just all talk right now. There was actually a named Sony Computer Entertainment representative
that said, it is simply a marketing survey. The goal of it is to do focus testing. If
that was the number one requested thing, that would be something they would need to see
if it was technically feasible. But that is just a thought. That is retarded. I'm sorry.
They would not offer something if it was completely unfeasible. They would not do that. That is
just backwards thinking right there. I mean, you wouldn't say, hey, how would you like
it if we made a Blu-ray disc that made you popcorn, or something like that. I mean, they're
not going to offer something if it's not a possible option, or if it's not something
that they're currently working on. The problem is, they probably didn't realize that this
survey would get out to everybody, even though a lot of this stuff always happens, and so
now they're playing it down, because they don't want their surprises ruined. I'm sorry,
but I have a feeling if this is on this survey, that it's going to happen. They may not offer
that, but it's something that they're working on, obviously.
Well, don't these companies usually use an outside marketing vendor to do this type of
crap anyway? Just to say, the outside marketing vendor didn't just pull this out of their
butt.
I don't think that they would do that, because they're wanting to see, okay, we're going
to make this box set or whatever of God of War. Here's the components that we're thinking
about putting in it. Let's see what people want in there, and most people are looking
for, so we can cut our costs and not put everything in there. We just put the stuff that people
are mostly interested in. That's the whole purpose of that. You wouldn't put, say, a
God of War full-size statue or something like that, if that was not something that you were
really thinking about putting into this box set or something like that. You wouldn't have
an option for this stuff. I'm sure people would love to play God of War 1 and 2 on Blu-ray.
That would be pretty awesome. But if they're never going to be able to do that, then what's
the point of even wasting your time as that with an option, when it'll skew all the other
ones that are actual legitimate options? Which leads me to believe that they actually are
working on this, or they have it implemented already, and it's something that's coming
soon, that they're just keeping tight-lipped about, because it's going to be a big thing.
I will let you anything. There was a rumor from last E3 that they figured out a way to
have downloadable PlayStation 2 games, and if they've got an emulator built, of course
they're going to use it, because now you can reissue all those old PlayStation 2 games,
because a lot of them are out of print now, and let's start making a lot more money. You
can sell them for 20 bucks a pop. I would be so happy if a software emulator comes out
for PlayStation 2 backwards compatibility, because I do have a lot of PS2 games I would
like to play. Granted, I do still have a working PS2, but I'm running out of shelf space, for
Christ's sake. I have a 360, a Wii, and a PS3, and a cable box. I have a lot of crap
in my living room. And it also would be fine right now, too, because they dropped the price
of the PlayStation 2, and yeah, it might cut into their PlayStation 2 system sales, but
really at this point, who gives a crap about their system sales? There are 44 million units
out there. Who cares if it cuts down? You want to catch up with the PlayStation 3, so
hey, now we can say, hey, we're fully backwards compatible with PlayStation 2 stuff, and that
would be a big thing.
Here's something thought-provoking from chat. Brad from Pod Culture says, Rob, Sony can
make their buckage by selling the PlayStation 2 emulator as a purchase in the Sony online
store. Oh god, don't give them ideas. Don't give them ideas, because that sounds very
fusible. It really does. Hitstun says they could sell the PlayStation 2 emulator for
a hundred dollars and people would buy it. No, I draw the line.
They wouldn't do that.
I would pay, I would pay twenty. I would pay probably up to twenty. More than that, I'll
just say, fuck it, I'll bring the PlayStation 2 in the house if there's something I really
want to play. But for that convenience of being able to, like, get rid of my PS2 practically,
I might actually pay, like, twenty bucks. Just so you know. I don't know.
Alright, also Game Guru says E3 will obviously have Sony announce the end of the PlayStation
2. I don't think, I don't think that's necessarily true. They're still selling it.
They're never going to announce that.
I don't think they would ever come out on stage and say, and just so you know, we killed
the PlayStation 2.
They're not going to do that.
We took it out to the barn last night and put a hole in it.
They're still making money.
They're not, they're not ever going to do that. If the PlayStation 2 ever dies, which
it won't, they're still making PS1 games.
No they're not.
Some people aren't. Aren't they?
No.
They're still supporting. But, like, third-party developers are still supporting.
No.
Really?
Yeah, they saw PlayStation 1 support years ago. No, they're still making PlayStation
2 games. And, you know, there's, it's still doing pretty well for them.
Uh, hi, you're on Orange Launch Radio. Who's this? Let's take a call.
Uh, this is Spazinator.
Hey, Spazinator. So PlayStation 2 games possibly coming to the PlayStation 3, would you pay
for an emulator?
Oh, yeah, definitely. Uh, as long as they don't go overly expensive with it, uh, actually
is a pretty good idea. Um, in a, in a, in a sense, you know, I agree with you, because,
you know, uh, you know, if you have multiple systems and don't tend to sell you all the
games, you know, hitting a backwards compatible system would be great. You know, less clutter,
you know, less wires, that kind of thing. And not only that, but, uh, you know, at least
with the original launch, you know, PlayStation 3, uh, you know, they were fully backwards
compatible with the Emulsion Engine. You can't really find those new anymore, which kind
of sucks.
No, I mean, you can't, you can't really find them anywhere, to be fair. I mean, when I
bought my PlayStation 3, I, I tried to look for a little bit for one that was backwards
compatible, but I just gave up. I was just like, forget it. I still have a PlayStation
2 I can use if I get that desperate. But I just, I want to be able to play a little
big planet already. You know, that was really the game that finally convinced me I needed
to jump on board with Sony. So.
Yeah, at least with me, I used to have, uh, the 60 gigabyte model, but as I had mentioned
before, last year, that was stolen. And, and unfortunately before, before the system was
stolen, I had sold my PlayStation 2, kind of thinking, well, since my system was backwards
compatible, why keep the PS2 around? Uh, now, you know, after the theft, I kind of regret
that because my new system is backwards compatible, but no, uh, but I figured, you know, if they
could do like some kind of update where they put Emily on it, you know, that'd be great.
You know, cause now I can go back and play all my old PlayStation 2 games over again.
And while I'm, uh, I have, he haven't even finished yet. So, you know, you know, I would
love to go back and play some of my games I haven't finished or play some of the ones
all over again, you know, a lot of them were classics.
I would love to see them kind of unlock. That would be a really sweet treat for Sony to
kind of give people is the fact that you could suddenly play all your PlayStation 2 games
again, but I don't know, the realist in me just thinks it's not happening. They're still
selling so many PlayStation twos. They realize that people have both. And, uh, you know,
Sony wants to live in this bubble. I think they, they literally think, I think there
are people there in the boardrooms that think, you know, w people should only have a PlayStation
2 and a PlayStation 3, and they can have them both. What do you, what do you mean? Xbox
three sixties and wheeze. Our customers aren't buying those. Don't you think that they couldn't
you imagine their suits and boardrooms that really think this? Yeah. I could totally see
this. Yeah. And to kind of touch on what you were saying before you took my call, you know,
then he had the, just dropped the price on the PlayStation 2. And he always right now
in the place station to sell and buried in the places, they should three, uh, you have
to, you want to boost, you know, they're, you know, pre-season three sales, uh, dramatically
they would, you know, make, uh, you know, uh, some kind of, uh, emulator available on
PSN, uh, ditch, you know, uh, the physical places, you know, two altogether and say,
you know, we want you to buy the system. You can play all your old games on it. You know,
you may have to pay for kind of fee for downloading, but you'll still be able to use all games
plus they'll buy all these new games and hopefully, you know, they'll see the, uh, their, you
know, uh, sales on PlayStation three increase as a result, you know? All right. Well, spasnator,
I think we can all agree though that wherever Sony's going to think they're going to make
the most money, that's what they're going to end up doing. Right. All right. Well, half
a good one. All right. Spasnator, wait real quick before you go. Uh, Final Fantasy 13,
you excited or don't care? I'm excited. Um, I'm definitely looking forward to getting
a, I've been a real big fan of the series for, you know, some years now. Um, uh, tell
I even played the original one on the NES. So I kind of looked, I'm looking forward towards
13 years. You know, from what I see a trailer and whatnot, it looks like a, they took bits
and pieces of, uh, different final fantasies, a little bit of seven, a little bit of 10,
a little bit of 11, 12. So, you know, I really haven't played a bad Final Fantasy yet. This
one could be pretty good. I think that's a good point. You know, despite the fact that
there have been weak Final Fantasy titles and it's all controversial, depending on who
you ask, like I say Final Fantasy eight was one of the weakest ones they put out in a
long time. Some people say I'm fucking crazy. Eight was one of the best ones, but none of
them were bad. Like, have you ever played a Final Fantasy game that was just bad? Like
if anyone's going to say any of them are bad, they're going to say 11 is bad, but because
it was just such, those aren't really part of the, you know, they're not actual Final
Fantasy. I realize Final Fantasy 11 is an actual Final Fantasy game, but it's a little
bit kind of out of Canada. The rest of the game is pretty awesome. I know, I know. Anyway,
Spazinator thanks so much for the call. Have a good one. Sure. No problem. Later. Um, yeah,
has there ever been like just a Final Fantasy game where you just picked it up and I'm talking
about, I'm not talking about your mystic quests. I'm not talking about your tactics. I'm talking
about Final Fantasy 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11, 12. 12 didn't seem, I don't know.
I never played 12, but it didn't seem like something I'd be interested in. It wasn't,
but it wasn't bad. I don't know. I never played it. All right. Anyhow, let's move on with
some news. We're like 45 minutes into the show where we've barely touched a third of
what we wanted to touch on yet. All right. Well, there's another Sony, or was a Sony
property back in the PlayStation 1 days, but Spyro the Dragon is actually going to become
a 3D movie. Apparently, the company that did Aragon is actually going to be putting out
a CG animated film and they have a movie poster for it and it looks interesting. I
mean, Aragon, granted, was not a good movie and I'd probably say the best part about that
movie was the dragon, so hey, why not? Let's run with it. Run with what was good about
it. That sounds interesting. No word on when it's going to be out yet, but hopefully soon.
I imagine this would be something targeted towards children, though. Probably, yeah.
So I don't know. It's neat. Hmm. And I'm looking at Deft in Chat says, wait, that's true? I
guess some things came out that maybe doubted the trueness of this. I think it's true. It's
on their website, so I don't know. Huh. I don't know. Alright, well, we will see in
just a matter of time. Meanwhile, I don't know if you guys heard about this, but apparently
there are Star Trek costumes coming to PlayStation Home. Did you hear about this? Yeah. The link
to my story broke, but I do remember from reading it earlier in the week that there
was about, like, I guess to celebrate the release of the movie there's going to be some
new costumes coming to PlayStation Home that look like kind of the old classic Star Trek
costumes. That sounds about right, yeah. Now, you've actually paid for downloadable costumes
in home, right, Loki? Only the Santa Claus stuff, and that's the only costume that I'll
be wearing. Would you not pay for a Star Trek costume? I don't know if you're supposed to
be a fan of Star Trek. No, I am not a fan of Star Trek, at least not to the point of
where I'd buy a costume, or even a virtual costume. So folks in Chat would seem to like
that though. Actf says Star Trek costumes do want. Kurosaki87 says cool. Yeah. Well,
something else that's coming out available on the PlayStation Network, and also Xbox
Live Arcade. Konami announced that they're Gamers' Night, that they're going to be putting
out the third installment of Vandalhearts, their strategy RPG series. Now the new game
is going to be Vandalhearts Flames of Judgment. It'll be out on both the PlayStation Network
and Xbox Live Arcade. I think it's been the first Vandalhearts game we've had in a long
time. I want to say like the original PlayStation. I don't know if they did the PlayStation 2
game, but it's been a long time coming. So that's kind of neat. See, once again, figuring
out that the online digital distribution method is still a very viable business model. Interesting.
Indeed. Now this is part of what they announced that they're big Gamers' Night, right? And
I'm sure we'll have other stories from that a little later, but I guess that was probably
one of the pleasant surprise things they got into. Oddly enough, no DDR news. Unless they're
saving that for E3. Ooh, do you think that's good news or bad news? Neither. It's got to
be something DDR in the works, right? They're going to do like, oh look, holidays party
3, I bet you didn't see that coming, oh! Or like, you know, universe 4, I bet you didn't,
we surprise you. Well, something else that probably is not a surprise, probably about
as much of a surprise as, you know, I don't know. A silver DualShock 3 controller is on
its way out. It is from a listing that has showed up on GameStop's website. What's weird
though is that if you think about it, why would they release a silver controller when
there's no silver PlayStations? But why not? Because somebody will buy it, right? No. Oh.
It's probably going to be a silver system, I bet you. Do you know something I don't know?
No, I don't know anything yet. No, but I would assume that there's probably going to be a
silver system. A silver system that plays PlayStation 2 games again? Maybe? I don't think
they'll do that, but there'll probably be another bundle they'll announce or something,
maybe with God of War 3 or something. But if you remember, they did a gunmetal grey
one, I mean, that's sort of silver. Now wasn't there a white one also at some point? No,
not in the US, that was overseas. There's also been a silver one, I think, overseas,
so yeah. Well I guess there is a silver PlayStation 3 available right now in Asia, actually. So
we just don't have it here. But this controller would match that, so I don't know. Boy, Sony
really loves to mix and match the regions. I can't think of many companies that really
mix and match their regions like Sony does. You know what I mean? Yeah. Like with all
the weird colors and stuff, well I guess Nintendo kind of does it too. I don't know. Alpha
Nanogram in chat asks, why would they release a clear blue DualShock 2 controller if there
isn't a clear blue PlayStation 2? I mean, fair enough. I mean, there doesn't have to
be a silver PlayStation 3, but it's just kind of weird. The reason why I think that is because
there's one already in another region. It's not just, you know. Could they just be unloading
the extras from the other region, maybe? Very possible. I mean, I don't see why they couldn't,
but you know, I think that it's probably an indicator of something else though. That seems
to be the way Sony rules. Oh, if only E3 were tomorrow, but it's not. Well, let's take a
look really quickly at some release dates of some upcoming games. I'll go ahead and
start with Europe, because Dark Soccer is not here tonight, so I'll go ahead and read
the releases for Europe. This week, some of the games you have to look forward to in Europe,
Xenoclash coming out for the PC, Saints Row 2, Ultor Exposed coming out for the Xbox 360
and PlayStation 3. That's download content. That's download content. That's what I thought,
I was going to say. It was delayed, too. It sucks. Minion Everyday Hero comes out on the
Wii, Dynasty Warriors Gundam 2 on the Xbox 360 and PlayStation 3, Little King's Story
on the Nintendo Wii, as well as the new play control version of Pikmin 2, and the Chronicles
of Riddick, Assault on Dark Athena, all come out on the 24th of this month over in Europe.
Again, those are Europe release dates. How about the US here locally, Loki? The US, whole
lot of not much. This week, really only one game that you need to worry about picking
up anyways, Excitebots Trick Racing. Supposed to be out on the 20th or tomorrow. That's
my gaming week right there, basically. There will be a version if you want to, if you're
ever so inclined with a wheel as well. Why? Honestly, I think it's stupid, but hey, if
you want to play at the wheel, go right ahead. I'm thinking of getting Excitebots, I'll have
to do some online. Oh yeah, it'll be awesome. I want to play Nelly. I told her, I'm like,
dude, you can start playing against other people. She's like, I don't care. It hurts
me. Some other stuff, there's a PZ game called Cryostasis. Also, Dynasty Warriors Gundam
2 coming out on PlayStation 2, PS3, and Xbox 360 this week. I love horses on the DS, and
sadly enough, that's it. The week after that, there's going to be a bunch of crap coming
out on the DS, and then X-Men Origins, Wolverine. Looking at chat, by the way, this is coming
from Justin TV chat, because I'm trying to keep an eye on that, even though our main
chat room is at chat.orangelandrager.com. I know we have quite a few people on Justin
TV who have never listened to this show before, because of the Final Fantasy 13 demo. I want
to point out though, AkumaJP, one of our Justin TV chatters, actually responded to something
AlphaKananagram said earlier, there is a clear blue PlayStation 2 in Japan. That's seriously
part of the reason I love this show. Most radio hosts, we get pissed off when listeners
correct them on things, but I think we realize we can't be everywhere. We do something pretty
ambitious here by trying to keep in mind, yes, there are gamers in Europe. Yes, there
are gamers in Japan, Australia, Mexico, Argentina, all those places. We have listeners throughout
the world, but we can't be all those places. We don't always know what colors and what
things you guys have, so you guys are always there to correct us. Love it. Speaking of
Japan, let's talk about some Japanese release dates. Sometimes Japan gets things way before
us, sometimes they get things way after us. One game that's coming out in Japan this week
on the Xbox 360, a game called Death Smiles, which is a shooting game that's actually getting
its own little arcade stick, and this game looks like a cute little Japanese shooter.
This looks like the type of thing that Dark Sakura would be all over. I know she's not
here tonight, but it looks like, this looks very similar to the one, god, what's that
game she loves on the Sega with the witch flying in the broom? It's like her favorite
game ever? I don't know. One of the chatters will know it. This looks very similar to that
where it's a very comic style and everything in the game is little like demons, like, you
know, little, I don't know, this game looks kind of neat actually. Death Smiles. That's
just a cute name too, by the way. That is coming out this week on the Xbox 360. There's
also an arcade stick coming out just for that game. Also in Japan, Tom Clancy's HAWX comes
out as well. Hawks, yeah. Hawks. Also on the Playstation 3 this week, Killzone 2 makes
its Japanese debut. Check that out if you are into that. On the Nintendo Wii this week
in Japan, Monster Hunter G, that's going to be a big one coming out over there, as well
as Tomb Raider Underworld finally gets its Japanese release. Those are the big releases
on the Wii this week. Coming out on the Playstation 2, Little Anchor. Also Tomb Raider Underworld
and a game called Kanuchi Kuroki Subasa no Shu comes out from Idea Factory, which looks
to be an adventure game, probably based on another anime if the box art is any indication.
On the Nintendo DS, we have Another Time, Another Leaf. That's what it's called. Kagami
no Naka no Tante comes out. Last Bullet is another game coming out on the DS this week,
as well as something called, I don't know what this is, DS Vision Dual Masters Box Set.
I guess it's some type of like dual master with the cards, like the actual cards, but
it's something for the DS. Kind of weird. I don't know what the heck this is. It's probably,
I don't know, maybe something for the DSi or something that you. That could be, oh maybe
something that scans the cards, like an Eye of Judgment type thing with the DS. Am I thinking
too far? I don't know. I'm totally guessing, so I don't really know if that's the case
or not. And thank you Chatters, you got it. Alpha Kananagram, was he first? No, Dark Tetsuji
said Cotton. Panorama Cotton was the game I was trying to think of earlier. That Death
Smiles looks a little bit like Panorama Cotton. Thank you guys. Sony PlayStation Portable
in Japan sees the release of Hoshigari Empusa Portable, which is coming out on the PSP,
which looks to be another little school kid adventure game coming out on the PSP. And
Chronicle of Dungeon Maker, Nantama. If you're into Dungeon Maker, that's coming out as well.
That's going to do it for your Japanese release dates. Let's do a few more news items. We'll
get into the Classic Game of the Week, and then we will get into a break here. So, Loki,
alright. Sorry, you gotta pause Final Fantasy XIII if you can. Or are you in the middle
of a battle? I was in the middle of a battle, but that's alright. Alright, good. So anyways,
there was some interesting stuff. There was a new action game coming from Square Enix,
and it's a little bit different than... Oh, this is the one I'm thinking of. Nevermind.
Vanguard Storm is the name of the game, and if you may remember a game back on the PlayStation
called Vanguard Hearts, I have a feeling it's a sequel to that. And no word exactly on what
it is, but apparently the May issue of the PlayStation official magazine made an announcement
that they're working on an unannounced title, so tie that in with that trademark for Vanguard
Storm. Probably what they're working on, a new Vanguard Hearts game, which would be pretty
awesome. It's interesting, we've heard kind of a flurry of stuff from Square Enix just
in the last year or so. I remember picking up Vanguard Hearts so I could get the demo
for Final Fantasy VIII. I thought that came with Brave Fencer Musashi. Oh, maybe that
was Brave. I thought it was both. Was it? I don't remember. Or maybe I'm mixing them
up. Maybe one of them had the VII demo or something. I don't remember. I don't think
they had a demo for VII. Yeah, they did. They did? Oh yeah, they did. Yeah, they had a demo
for VII. Really? Yeah. I know they did. Yeah, because it was just the... It might have been
multiple demos, because they used to do that where there was a disc. Yeah, I seem to remember
that. They'd have an early demo, then a later demo that had extra stuff or something. Just
weird Square-type stuff to do. Brave Fencer Musashi had the demo for Final Fantasy VII,
says Act Deft. Oh, maybe I did play that demo, because I'd pop Brave Fencer Musashi. I seem
to remember having that demo. I don't remember if I rented it or what I did. And then Henderson
Man, 77, says it was actually with Toeball number 1. Had the demo to VII as well. I'm
sure it was... I think there were a couple of demos that came out. It was so long ago,
though. Alright, anyhow. Phone lines are open, by the way. 1877 Game OLR. I know some folks
might want to call in to talk about this one, but there were some drums in the music game
world this week. That's right, some big drama between DJ Hero, Activision, and Scratch the
Ultimate DJ. Apparently, what happened? The developers of the people that are making Scratch
the Ultimate DJ, they have actually filed suit against VII Studios and Activision, forget
this, intentional interference with contract, breach of contract, and misappropriation of
trade secrets. Basically, you have a publisher who's suing the people that made the game,
because didn't Activision try to pick them up then? They bought them. They bought them,
and now this company's trying to say Activision sabotaged it, because Scratch got delayed,
didn't it? Yeah. You spoke very highly of this game, because you've actually seen more
of this game than a lot of people have, because the developers came to your work or something,
right? Yeah, well, the publisher came to my work, Genius, and they showed us a video of
the developer showing off the game, and it's really awesome. I mean, granted, it's not
the most original thing. Everyone's like, oh, Beat Me and You Rip Off, and yeah, it's
very similar to Beat Mania. The really separate is because the scratching's actually very
unique, the way you do the scratching system and stuff, and how it detects different tricks
and that kind of thing. Let's go to the phone. We got a call. Hi, you're on Orange Launch
Radio. Who's this? Death Wishing. Death Wishing. And I say, welcome to America. Welcome to
Sue Happy America. Where you can sue anybody for anything. Where you can sue your own people
that helped you get to where you are. You can sue the pants off of them. This is almost
like Coke suing Coke Zero for sucking. This is like Coke suing New Coke for sucking. This
is what it is. This is like suing your mom for getting your umbilical cord cut. But seriously,
though, if this is true, if everything that they're saying is true, basically, you know,
that Activision bought this company because originally they were going to sell it off
to Activision or something like that, and Activision's basically in cahoots with them
to delay this game so DJ Hero comes out. I just want to say, to be fair, to cover both
sides of the story, before we open up and let the listeners comment, Activision did
publish a statement after the fact a little later in the week that says they, quote, strongly
deny the allegations made by Genius Productions and Newmark Industries. The claims are disingenuous
and lack any merit. They're just trying to get petty. Well, I'm sure Activision has more
lawyers than Genius does, and so, unfortunately, I don't think anything's going to happen.
I think they're going to announce DJ Hero and show it off at E3, and it'll probably
come up before scratch, and it's unfortunate that this, you know, game will come out, and
I think they could have given them a run for their money. I've noticed, though, that Activision,
whereas they should be called Activision Blizzard, and strange thing is I'm drinking Coke right
now, dude, just to be random, because I see Coke stuff in chat, but, uh, Activision Blizzard,
I've noticed they never want to sue. I can't help but notice they always seem to lose,
or they always get dropped. I bet you this one will be dropped because the judge is just
going to go, you guys are little children, get out. Can't we all just get along? No,
but seriously, though, basically, they're saying that, you know, Activision and Genius
met together, and they signed NDAs, and they showed each other each other's games, why
they did that is beyond me. I guess they were trying to sell them scratch or something,
and, you know, now they're saying that 7 Studios, since they have all this insider knowledge
of how the game works, and, you know, we're developing the game, that they gave that knowledge
to Activision, breaching their contract, and at the same time, because they were behind
schedule anyways on everything, you know, they weren't meeting their quotas, and they
were demanding more and more and more and more money, that now they're basically kind
of dragging their feet so that, you know, the Activision game gets out first. They're
still little babies. Death Wishing, okay, you're saying they're babies, but why? Explain
a little bit here. Who do you think is the good guy in this scenario, and why? This is
hard because they're both kind of just freaking out, in my opinion. I don't know. It's really
hard, but it's like, one guy is suing because he's being sued, and then the other guy is
suing the side company, I forgot what they're called, but, uh, because they, it's like,
in a way, I kind of see this as false claims. Do you think it's really important which one
of these games gets out first? Uh, right now, yeah. This will be important. This will, which
one gets out first will probably be the more popular one. But wasn't Guitar Hero out before
Rock Band? I mean, granted, Guitar Hero is more popular, I guess, in the long run, but
I think a lot of people recognize Rock Band. Actually, Guitar, uh, Rock Band's made much
more money than Guitar Hero has. In fact, I think there, wasn't the, Guitar Hero's fault
is behind, uh, Rock Band's, uh, sales. Yeah, but the problem is, I think, that it's all,
it's really the way people perceive everything, is if Scratch comes out first, say it came
out when it was supposed to, which would have been June, um, and it had, you know, a lead
on DJ Hero for at least three months or so, when DJ Hero comes out, everyone's like, hey,
that's just a rip-off of Scratch. You know, and it kind of... It's like Rock Band was
coming out. Yeah, exactly. It's, it, people perceive it, you know, they want DJ Hero out,
so people go, oh, that's just a crappy knock-off of DJ Hero, why would I want to play that?
You know, it's the thing is... The thing is, is Rock Band, though, was different, because
it did have a full band while Guitar Hero was just Guitar, so that's maybe why it sold
better, but these are the same games, you know, this is like saying Guitar Freaks is
better than, you know, it's like Guitar Freaks, you know, Guitar Hero. Well, and if you want
to be, if you want to put it that way, Guitar Freaks came out years before any of these
games did, and it's, uh, look at how wonderfully Rock Revolution did, which you could say would
be the new innovation of Guitar Freaks. That's not a funny joke, that's just sad. It's really
not. In fact, actually, one thing I did do with my gaming week, I didn't talk about earlier
in the show, I bought a new guitar, I finally have a wireless guitar that I bought, I ended
up buying a new Guitar Hero guitar because I had more friends that wanted to play Rock
Band, but I preferred the Guitar Hero guitar, I'm weird. So I bought that, but, oh my god,
stacks and stacks of Rock Revolution drum kit plus games for 30 bucks.
Poor guys. Poor guys. Alright, Deathwishing, we gotta let you go so we can wrap up part
A and get to our break, but anything else you want to say for our listeners?
People, I need a chat. Should I get Final Fantasy XI a line?
Oh god, you're gonna open a whole can of worms with that one. Um, you know what, they have
a two week trial now, my advice, try the trial.
Okay.
Alright.
Bye bye.
Bye bye. Alright. 1-877-GAMELR if you want to give us a call, but we do want to move
through some of the other news. Uh, Loki, you have another story for us.
Uh, good. Guitar Hero Van Halen has been spotted on the European rating system there. Basically,
the German ratings board has the game listed, and to be honest, I thought I've already said
this on the show, it's absolutely coming out. I mean, I don't think they've announced it
yet, but, um, it's been leaked out on all these different retailer sites and stuff like
that.
It's coming up again on the show because I saw it on about three different video game
websites from three different sources saying, oh, Van Halen, Guitar Hero's still being speculated.
It is fucking happening. It's already, god, how many people do you have to hear it from?
Really? End of August. What more do you want to know? I mean, seriously.
They're trying to keep it in their pants, tell E3, because they want to probably parade
Van Halen out on stage. Because they know that something big is going to happen with
the Rock Band Beatles thing. So they're trying, I mean, Van Halen is no Beatles, no matter
how much you want to argue. Um, but, they'll do whatever they can to put a dent in the,
because you know that is going to be the huge thing from, you know, EA, Harmonix is Rock
Band Beatles.
Exactly. But, I just, I don't, good for them if they want to put out another game, but
I just don't like their business model. I don't like how it's not downloadable content,
or that you can't load it into your Rock Band 2 game, you know, if it were a Rock Band,
you know, equivalent content. That they can't load it into like a Guitar Hero game or anything
like that. It's just all separate. And they do that because they want you to buy these
games. They want you to pay, you know, the $60 instead of, you know, whatever it would
be to download everything. Or if you might not want all the tracks or something like
that. Whatever. I mean, that's what they want to do, fine. And people buy it if they want.
But yeah, it's definitely coming. It's not like a, you know, they're calling it a rumor
because they haven't announced it yet, but, dude, I mean, seriously, everyone's saying
it's coming out. It's coming out. If it's rated, it's coming out.
They're just trying to keep, it's the world's worst secret right now because they're going
to, I was, I will bet you money they are parading Van Halen out on stage, or what's left of
them anyway, at E3.
I'm sure. It'll be during their conference or something. I don't know.
All right. Anyhow, Sing Star Queen is a game that I thought was supposed to come out some
time ago.
It was supposed to come out in March.
I have a friend who is very excited about Sing Star Queen because she loves Freddie
Mercury. I mean, how could you not? Right? I mean, what a fucking rock star. Just a great
band that I would also wouldn't mind seeing Guitar Hero Rock Band game made out of. However,
they are making a Sing Star game out of it, or I guess you could say it's already been
made. Didn't this actually come out overseas already?
I think so.
Well, we are finally going to get it on August 18th is when the game will come out on PlayStation
2 and PlayStation 3. Just like Sing Star Abba, the PlayStation 3 version has five more songs
than the PlayStation 2, so 20 and 25 songs each.
By the way, just on a side note, Sing Star also got a big update, or I think is getting
one this coming week, where they're finally putting trophies in the game. And apparently,
if you go in and read some of the trophy descriptions, they talk about unlocking trophies in PlayStation
Home. So you've got to wonder if that's right around the corner as well. I wonder if that's
going to be one of the things they parade out at E3, is that finally all the trophy
rooms are open.
Well, it's about time they parade something they've been showing off for years now.
I would bet anything that's going to be an E3 thing too, if not just before. But yeah,
Sing Star is getting a big update. I guess the Sing Store is going to get a little bit
of a tune-up too.
Honestly, I haven't been in Home since it came out, basically. I mean, it's just no
interest whatsoever.
You know what? I've revisited it a couple times. I checked out the new Guitar Hero area.
I checked out the new Resident Evil area. It is kind of interesting to see what they're
building, but I still have yet to see... I know this sounds really harsh, but the point?
You know what I mean? I guess I'll go into the Guitar Hero area to play the little Guitar
Hero mini-game, which was kind of dopey. It was just basically Simon Says. It wasn't even
like Guitar Hero. But I mean, I couldn't see logging into these places to actually try
to talk to people. But I guess there's an audience for it. Because, you know, every
time I go in there, it seems like there's quite a few people on it, using it. I mean,
it's not like Home is empty. There's lots of people just dancing away in the town square.
I know. But yeah, I'm with you. I don't get the point. But whatever.
I do and I don't. I get the point. I just don't think it's what we all were hoping it
would be. Which, I don't know.
It's not revolutionizing anything, I don't think, right now.
I'm very curious to see, though, because I believe... Wasn't Namco supposed to put some
stuff into PlayStation Home? Or at least that's happened overseas. But it hasn't happened
here yet.
Yeah, they have their games that you can play and stuff.
I would kind of like to see what happens when that gets enabled. Because now we're starting
to talk about a point. You know what I mean? Having some of these games that you actually
get in Home. Curious. Curious.
So this is kind of interesting. Apparently a lot of people got the first look at the
new Rock-A-Bam Beatles game. It actually came out. They had special footage that was being
broadcast at Coachella. Paul McCartney's new performance that he did. And basically when
they're playing Got To Get You Into My Life, they had behind them some actual footage from
Rock-A-Bam with the digital artists singing and stuff.
You know how they do at concerts. They have images playing behind the band when they're
singing or what have you. So Paul McCartney at this... In Coachella, I don't know how
many of you guys listening have ever been. The last time I went was in 2002, I think.
Maybe 2003, I went to Coachella. And it's huge. I went whatever year Bjork and Chemical
Brothers were headlining. It's just ginormous. Like, oh my god, so many people there. I thought
I was going to die during Bjork because there were just so many people there.
So obviously this was not a small concert to be debuting this in front of. And you know
everybody talks about Coachella. It's kind of like, since there is no Lollapalooza, Lilith
Fair. Well, I take that back. I guess they do a Lollapalooza in the Chicago area. But
there's no big tours and things like that. This is one of the big festivals people talk
about in this day and age. So this is no small concert.
Very interesting. Although they have this thing at the middle of nowhere. You know about
Coachella? They do it at this big polo field that is literally in the middle of nowhere.
It's in Indio, California. So you have to drive like two hours outside of L.A. to get
there. It is literally in the middle of frickin' nowhere. But I guess that's so people don't
complain about the noise. So anyhow. Also, something about the Beatles game is going
to have multiple microphones and harmonizing. There's a rumor, yeah.
Huh. You think that'll actually turn out to be?
Eh, maybe. That might be kind of fun.
I'm still trying to figure out why it's $250. I wouldn't spend too much money on it.
Didn't they finally announce it?
They announced what's in it, but it seems like there's stuff missing, to be honest.
Because it's like a bass and drum or something like that. Microphone and mic stand. That's
not $250 worth unless that bass guitar is really awesome and that drum says really awesome.
Alright, well earlier we talked about SingStar. SingStar, their biggest competitors are probably
the Lips franchise, which has had mediocre success, and Karaoke Revolution American Idol.
Well, it was announced at Konami Gamer's Night this week that Blitz Games is developing a
reboot, I guess you could say, of the Karaoke Revolution franchise. We're calling it a reboot
because they are calling it simply Karaoke Revolution.
At least right now, yeah.
It's a game being developed for the PlayStation 3, 360, and the Wii. And it's going to have
50 recordings on the disc. You're going to be able to have a pretty comprehensive character
creator mode in it, and you'll have customizable venues apparently and original music videos
for all the songs. That's kind of cool.
Apparently they're going to have song and item download content in the game, very similar
to Rock Band. However, it is Karaoke Revolution. It is singing only. What's kind of interesting
though is that I noticed right away, the first thing I noticed, I don't know if you noticed
this, where did American Idol go? Because that was one thing Konami was very proud of
a couple years ago. Do you remember there was a Codemasters American Idol game that
was just atrocious? Like you just hit buttons or something. It was really terrible. I think
it was Codemasters. I'm sorry if I misappropriating that. But that game came out when the show
was first out. And then a couple years later, Konami got the franchise because they were
one of the first to go into this Karaoke genre with Karaoke Revolution. They had a couple
of those games, which ironically, Harmonix, had developed for them. And they had pretty
good success with it, so they came out with American Idol Karaoke Revolution. But that's
nowhere to be found now. So does this indicate they lost the American Idol franchise? They're
not interested in it, which I would have a hard time believing, or what? No, I doubt
that. I think, if anything, what was kind of neat about it is that they also had...
it's all Master Tracks now, too. It's not covers. That is one big difference, I suppose.
So that's kind of cool. And then you can also create your own characters in this. You know,
like customize actual characters and stuff, with sliders and all that fun stuff. So really
detailed there. But yeah, they're kind of trying to reinvent themselves with that. Why
not like DDR or something? I just don't understand. By the way, they're also saying this setlist
will be very party-centric, and it's going to have a drop-in-and-out duet mode. Doesn't
that sound exactly like what they did in Lips? Also, though, there's going to be online play,
it sounds like, which I can't think of a lot of other games outside of the Rock Band Guitar
Hero games, the karaoke games that do this. Does Lips do that? I don't know. Lips is
the one karaoke game I haven't played, because I have SingStar. SingStars online is the SingSpace,
or whatever they call it. The community download people videos making asses themselves, dancing
around in Star Trek outfits and stuff to the various songs, which is actually kind of funny,
some of it. SSJ-100 Matt is hoping for a Karaoke Revolution Susan Boyle edition, because she's
all the rage this week. I dreamed a dream. Well, you know what? You can always recreate
her character in American Idol. Maybe if the Avatar creation is very good, you'll start
seeing that. And who's to say that they won't come out with an American Idol game? Because
usually those typically come out in the spring, or the winter, between November and February.
And honestly, this new karaoke game could possibly come out in October, and then they
announce a new game, and then it comes out later. I don't think they're going to drop
American Idol anytime soon, but I think it's too early for them to announce the new Karaoke
Revolution American Idol games coming out when they just released one. It was a few
months ago, but still. And remember how Paula Abdul wasn't actually
in the Karaoke Revolution American Idol games? They had a third judge named Laura. They had
Randy and Simon and Laura. Yeah, she wasn't the newest one though, I
think. Well, now they could just have Kara, who's
the actual- Get rid of Paula off the show.
I mean, everybody's saying just get Paula off the regular show anyway, because she talks
too damn much, and just have Kara be the third judge.
She's also high on something. Methamphetamines?
Meth, I don't know. Say, hey!
I saw the colors that you were singing! What? It's like, stop talking!
When you were singing Ring of Fire, I felt fire, because you were just flaming up there
on stage. You were so flaming. I was like, I should get a fire extinguisher,
because he's on fire! But then I was like, no!
Have you actually been watching American Idol? Yes.
Because I know the wife makes you watch it. She likes watching it, and it's okay, but
we always skip the results show, because that's a big waste of time.
We just read online who loses, and honestly, you already know who's going to win now, anyways.
But seriously, she is smoking crack or something, and a lot of times, now because, for whatever
reason, their producers suck so bad that they can't keep the show on time, even when they
cut it down to only two judges talking per performance, Paula wastes so much damn time
about, you know, talking about whatever she's talking about. No, I was like, staring her
down, like, what the fuck did you just say? Oh, and yes, I'm just on TV now, playing a
trailer for Final Fantasy Versus, because apparently I got killed in 13, and so, I don't
feel like replaying half an hour of demo again. Good job.
Alright, so check that out. What, are you going to switch to Fat Princess a little later
here? Yeah, probably.
Alright. Second half.
Well, hey, you got another story you gotta cover, and then we're going to get to the
classic game of the week, which you don't even know what I'm doing tonight, unless you
took a peek, but I think you'll like the game I picked tonight.
I didn't.
We'll see. We'll see.
Anyways, so we've got a, this is kind of cool, they're going to have Video Game Live at E3,
you know, I remember last time we went, I think they did, was it the Final Fantasy concert,
you know, whatever they called that, Voices or something, but yeah, Video Games Live,
going to be at the LA Greek Theater on June 4th. I almost thought about going to this,
but then June 4th is my wife's birthday, and that might not be good.
She definitely may not like that. Nice. Hitstun in chat says, wait, it's a $70 fucking demo
and you can't even save? No. Bummer. I kind of want to go to Video Games Live at E3, just
because I know they're going to really pull off the stops for that one, but I don't know,
it just may not work out, I may be kind of, there's a very strong possibility I'm actually
going to Vegas, like, that same weekend. Huh. Kind of funny. That was interesting. What?
I noticed at the end of the Final Fantasy Versus 13 trailer it said, PlayStation 3 only
worldwide. I didn't realize it was coming out in the US. Yeah, of course Versus is coming
out in the US. I thought it was Japanese only. No, it's been coming out in the US, but it
still is reiterating that it's not coming out on the 360. Eh, whatever, I don't care,
big deal. It's not going to like, you know, break my heart if I have to buy one of them
on the 360 or one of them on the PS3, or both on the PS3. I really don't care at this point,
so. Alright. Well let's get into the classic video game of the week. We like to close out
part A every week of our program by taking a look in the archives and digging through
the archives and finding a game that speaks to us as a classic that you all should be
playing. Usually DarkSakura does this and picks a game from the archives, however, she's
not here tonight. Again, for those that joined us mid-show, she is celebrating her birthday,
which actually is today. I would say how old she's turning, but she'll probably punch me
if I did that, so you'll just have to... It starts with a three. That's a whole set. She's
turning three. Congratulations, DarkSakura. She's gonna act her age for once. Yes, because
she's at Disneyland today. Acting three. So that's where she's at. So I'm filling in,
I believe the last time we did this, Loki did Twisted Metal, so it's my turn, and I
picked a game. I did? I don't even remember anymore. Yeah, you did. I tried to go back.
Maybe I'm being unfair. I don't know, but I picked a game I thought you would also like,
Loki. This is a game I remember. I wanted to pick a Commodore 64 game, because you know
I love the Commodore 64, but I found a game that was not only on the Commodore 64, but
it was actually ported to the Nintendo as well, and the game is called Spy vs. Spy.
Did you ever play this game on the NES? No, I'm aware of it. All right, Spy vs. Spy is
the game I picked for the Classic Game of the Week. It's actually kind of like the series.
Now, Spy vs. Spy, of course, is the, you know, you might know this from the Mad Magazine,
the comic books, you basically have a black spy and a white spy that are out to kill each
other. Well, here's what makes the game kind of unique, Spy vs. Spy. It was a game that
actually came out on the Commodore 64 first. They actually ported it to the NES later.
It came out on a handful of systems at first, but it was actually one of the first games
that had split-screen multiplayer, because you actually would have the white spy on the
top and the black spy on the bottom, and basically you were trying to kill each other. That was
the game. Let me tell you a little bit more about the game here, pull up some more information
I have on this. I actually own this game and the sequel, which I'll talk about in a minute,
on the Commodore 64. But, yeah, this was a game that was published by Firstarstoff, where
it came out in 1984, and it started off on the Atari 8-bit computer systems, Apple II
and Commodore 64, which probably would have been the most technically powerful out of
those systems. It actually had split-screen simultaneous two-player gameplay. What you
basically do in this game, you want to kill your opponent as many times as possible, but
while you're trying to do that, you're trying to collect items to get out of the little
compound. You're basically in a little compound looking thing, and you're trying to collect
various items, and get out of there, be the first one out of there. Whenever you perish,
you drop all of the items that you have, and you have to sit out of the game for a few
moments while your person you're playing against gets to free run. Now here's the thing that
makes this game kind of cool. While you're running through the embassy collecting items,
Not only do you if you run into the other player can you start beating each other up with a stick?
but you actually set traps for the other player because what you're doing is trying to dig through things to find the pieces like the
You know passport and everything you need to get on the plane
But you can actually set a bomb a spring a water bucket and like a time bomb you can actually set these things and blow
Up your opponent if they search the wrong thing
Unless you have a remedy you can find umbrellas and things to counter so it's like this really fucking elaborate game of pop
Rock paper scissors is what it is basically this giant game of rock paper scissors that's going on
What's kind of cool about this game though what I always liked about it
Is that you know because it is split-screen multiplayer on the same screen part of winning the game was?
Memorizing what your opponent was doing on the lower screen and the bigger the compound the harder it is to do that because you know
We're talking about an old computer system where a lot of the rooms looked the same
It was just the colors would be different and so on so there's the guy taking off in the plane. He actually won there
You go let me show you or not show you because it's radio
But let me play for you a little clip of the NES version of the game that came out a little later
And you can hear like the souped-up music that was in this version of the game which by the way
They say is coming to the Europe virtual console very soon if it hasn't already
But also very similar you know was a Nintendo game that had the same same screen multiplayer
I was always thinking this would be a fun game for them to put out on Xbox Live or the DS
With like with like but like four players, but not have
Everybody have their own screen you could still see what everybody is doing on the same screen because that was part of that
That's how you win the game you have to memorize what your other people are doing and where they've set the traps
It's kind of interesting by the way there was a spy versus spy game that came out later on the Xbox
But it was like a 3d reimaging. That's not the game. I'm talking about definitely not the game
I'm talking about I'm talking about the old-school Commodore 64 game. There was a couple of sequels released for this game
There are actually two sequels released. They were not released on the NES though
So I don't think quite as many people know about these games
But I'm gonna play a little bit of music from the second one which I actually own this game
It was spy versus spy to the island caper and yes
That means they left the building and they actually went on to an island
But the interesting thing about this is that you were no longer in rooms
But you were in giant horizontal lines like imagine you had giant rectangles
So you still could go up and down between the different rectangles
But you know you had more side scrolling going on and this time you were digging in the ground and you could set bombs you
Could set like rope traps that would hang you from the tree you could set napalm coconuts that you know
The other spies would dig up pretty cool stuff
That was the second game that came out and there was a third game that came out and I didn't even own this game
But I did play it once it was called Arctic antics
So basically the antithesis of being on the island would be being on the North Pole and it was the same type of thing except
You had a body heat meter and you could regenerate it by being an igloos whatever but kind of interesting
that the you know the series went on for quite a while on the computer and then got rebooted a few years later, but I
Remember playing this with friends when I was like eight or nine years old and having fun with this because this is you know
This is a great trash-talking game when you're in the same room and just just the sound you make
When two people kind of discover each other in the same room, which is like
To start hammering on the joystick trying to kill the other spy good times good times
So that's a classic video game of the week spy versus spy on the Commodore 64 is where I remember it
Most fondly but a lot of you probably are more familiar with it on the Nintendo Entertainment System
So there you have it classic video game of the week. I'm surprised you never played that Loki
I thought for some reason you had said in an earlier show you'd actually played it once so that was part of the reason I
Picked it because it definitely seemed like a you type of game
If that makes sense, I guess it makes sense. All right. Anyhow, we are gonna take a break here on orange launch radio
We're gonna come back and we have plenty more of the show to get into Xbox 360
We haven't even talked really about the 360, but we have news about
the warranties for the e74 errors talk about bionic commando and
Sega games coming to Xbox Live Arcade. Do you really need them?
I know we'll talk about that when we come back all that and more including your chat and your phone calls
We come back with more of orange lounge radio
And welcome back everybody to orange lounge radio on this lovely Sunday evening April the 19th of 2009 where we're back for more of orange lounge radio
Myself Rob Roberts and Loki joining you tonight not dark Sakura. She's off. She's at Disneyland having a gay old time with her girlfriends
Not that kind of gay old time, but she's her in about five other girls all giggling girls all went to
Disneyland and I did see on her Facebook
She updated a picture from Space Mountain and they're all screaming and throwing up metal signs and all that kind of stuff
So it looks like they're having a fun time, but not here tonight
But Loki and I are holding down the fort and boy dark Sakura
Picked a hell of a night to miss I mean it is her birthday
So I understand but we got Final Fantasy 13 demo here in house, which we're checking out here
And I'll tell you what, it's much different to be looking at it than watching it on YouTube. You know what I mean?
It's pretty cool. It's much different to be playing it too. Yes, it is Loki
Well, you know I haven't really touched it, but Loki. How have you been enjoying it? It's okay
I mean it just gives you an idea what the games can be like obviously
I can't understand any Japanese. I can read all the translations for it, but
It's neat. You know I'm looking forward to playing the actual game when it comes out
Later all right well
Let's get back into some gaming news Loki and by the way just in case you're just joining us
Partway through the show if you're joining us on all games radio
We are doing something a little differently tonight our skype line is open all night long if you want to comment on the stories
We're talking about one eight seven seven game
Olr or our username on skype is orange launch radio Justin TV if you're joining us there because we have Final Fantasy 13 in our description
And some people are finding us that way
You are going to hear a bunch of people talking because we are taping a radio show as we've done every week for the past seven
Years it just happens. We have this uber hot hot demo in studio right now
But if you guys want to give us a call too as long as it's on topic
We don't care one eight seven seven game, Olr. We'd love to hear from some new people
Let's give them some top topics to talk about we haven't even hit on the Xbox 360
And there's been a lot of news in Microsoft's world this week right Loki. Yeah this week. They announced that they're gonna start supporting
The e74 errors in their three-year Xbox 360 warranty
you know you may remember that before the
Announced that they're going to increase the warranty to three years for red rings or the red light of death. I guess or our ODS and
You know those are basically general hardware failures well people are like well
What's an e74 error? And they're like that's a general hardware failure. They're like was that the same thing as like say
The red you know lights of death or whatever
Well, no, but yes
so
You know basically yes, it's basically the same thing as you know the three rings of death
Let me go to the phones real quick because we do have a call coming in hi. You're on orange launch radio. Who's this?
Hi, this is called anthro. Hey golden. How's it going good?
We're talking about Xbox 360 in the e74 era have you been a victim of this I?
Know I I be honest with you. I wish I just had an Xbox 360
Yeah, that's what the next console. I want to get but I to be honest with you. I'm 17
I still don't even have a part-time job, so that'll be my first target is to get a 360 well
It's good to have goals, so to what do we attribute this call then tonight like?
What I want to talk about yes, what are you calling it about? Oh, okay? Yeah about that um I?
Was I wasn't gonna bring it up in let
Loki chose to bring it up again the Bob's game fan. I'm sorry. I'm not trying to open up a fight, but
If I'm if I'm correct to bring up a point Rob you guys are trashing on it
But you said you don't like to judge things based on demos
Yes, and no I mean I here's the thing I'm not trashing the game because I haven't played the game Loki's
I guess somehow played or whatever I have not played the game, so I'm not trashing the game
But the designer is a butt nugget like I don't like reading about him
I don't like hearing about all his antics going on on the blogs going on right now
I think he's kind of an attention whore, and he's doing a decent job at it. I mean props to him
I just don't want to buy into it, so yeah
I do have a little steam cloud that's being brought up right now, but whatever
It's every gamer gets a voice so if you want to bring it up then fine, but look
No, I know I'm just saying you know and I don't really want to talk about him on the show
I'm sorry I even mentioned. I played the demo again, but
Really, I mean yeah, you shouldn't judge a game based on the demo
but the demo gives you a good idea of how the game is gonna be and
You know that's how you base. You know when you play a demo for a game. That's basically what it is
it's to get an idea what the full game is going to be so you can make a decision whether you want to purchase it or
Not and based on what I've seen so far. It looks very amateurish
It's not very good gameplay, and there are some really annoying parts that just would drive me crazy, and I
Not plan on picking it up ever if it even ever comes out, and I could definitely see why Nintendo wouldn't want to
You know if it were up to them to publish the game or something I would see them
Not picking this up most definitely. I mean there's avenues
He can go through there's like for example a company called graffiti interactive that
They've put out a game or they're about to put out a game if it ever comes out
black sigil
the
Say the mark of the exile or something like that
it used to be a homebrew game and
They developers worked on it, and they made an actual full-fledged
Ds game, and it looks okay, it looks like a pretty good RPG
But that's the way you do it you go through one of these smaller companies to publish your game until your game is you know?
Hot shit, you know if it comes out, and it's really awesome then cool, but honestly based of what I see if this game
If this is a half an hour worth of his game say and you know his full games like you know hundreds of hours long
Or something like that. I could not see myself playing this game for another 30 minutes let alone hundreds of hours gold anthro
Let's let you make a counterpoint because obviously you feel differently
What do you want to say well well?
Okay, I'm gonna throw the echo in and stuff
Sorry, this is getting really distracting you guys kind of I can hear myself right now
Make sure your speakers are turned down there in-house or whatever sometimes. We have those issues on Skype
I have I have a headset. I'm just gonna keep talking like nothing happened. Basically. I don't know
I'm gonna wait till a full review comes out for the game first and
If people say it sucks, then then I'm going to probably leave them
Very I'm just it's my opinion fair enough, and you know that's cool, but here's my my question to you
What do you think about all the antics such as the?
leafing of the Nintendo store and the locking himself in the room I
Think that was a little overboard and
If it really well even if it really was an act it got it got all these people like to create drama on the internet
And not that I should really care what people in the internet think but yeah, it's kind of I
Can see what where he was trying what he was trying to do is trying to be original, but?
The echoing went away, which is good, and it, but I think he's trying to see how it was trying to be original
But I think he also got a lot of people falsely worried over something that really didn't even happen
So I guess I can see where that came from the game for itself though. I
Think it's my it is my kind of game
I I'm just interested in alone in the fact that it's it was made by one person
And it took that long and not much effort, so I am going to probably give it a try
But it was made by one person
So you gotta say that again look yeah, I had us muted. I was gonna say let me put it this way
It looks like it was made by one person. I mean it shows and that is not a compliment all
Right both anthro. We got to let you go, but you know what that's fine. No fine
And this will be the last hopefully that we get to talk about I just wanted to put my opinion
I was thinking about that
The whole time that you guys have been talking about this ever since you first started. That's fine
You know what we don't mind being called out, so thank you for the call and have a good one
Okay, all right later
It's the show where every gamer has a voice even if you're a Bob fan even if the guy is kind of a what?
Did I say butt nugget which the chat room see?
Cuz I'm so mature all right, so 80s. Did you finish your talk?
I don't think you quite finished the Xbox 360 e74 thing do we talk about the warranties are now extended
Yeah, they're basically extended it basically if you had a failure
You know recently I guess they're going to
Refund you know you your money by July 1st 2009 and you can claim
I guess you'll need to claim
Your repair something on
xbox.com support before November 1st
But so you have some time to go and if you were one of those people that got screwed didn't we have a caller that?
Was in that predicament
I want to say we got a call about this somebody got an e74 error and had to send it back and they were pissed
Cuz it's gonna cost $100 so a god. I hope you're still listening to the show go
Back and get your money back. I'm gonna take another call before we get into the next story. Hi. You're on orange launch radio
Who's this?
Breath law breast law I am so glad you called in because I did not get a chance to talk about the contest
Did you hear about the train wreck that was our show last week?
I we actually went over it on under sedation alive last night. Oh god, and I can only imagine
Oh, and I please don't tell me Travis has a recording. Please don't tell me Travis is recording
Well, it's Travis. What do you expect? Oh god. Alright, so so okay. Well quickly what happened on under station life
Well, we just went over it cuz I hadn't heard it and I just heard you go off and I'm like wow
I have never heard or I'll go off like that. That was a little surprising
You know, I thought like I saw the context of the conversation that sparked and I'm like
I might have done the same thing in this situation
So yeah, I gotta say though
I did listen to the playback because there is an archive of it somewhere I'm not gonna advertise where but um
I I just I laughed my ass off literally laughed my ass off at how Loki just
Didn't miss a beat and after I stormed out of the room Loki was just like, okay
Well, let's get back in in the news. Like I just I was just laughing so hard at that like Loki
So I didn't have a Perrier water. I mean for those of you don't know I was there a couple years ago
He needs his Perrier water or he gets grumpy. Shut up. Oh, alright
But well, what did you call it to talk about tonight? Let's get out of the way first
Well, I was obviously a director program at soccer con
I'm on the executive board and that was this past weekend and I had a fantastic time and
I actually gave Rob a call Thursday night because we had our
Industry guest autograph session and I had brought with me to this session
My personal copy of Dance Dance Revolution supernova for the PlayStation 2 and for those of you who have heard me
Fanboy about the con for the past year. One of the guests was smile DK
And
That's big for D
I like I know they're like some of our listeners are not gonna know who the hell that is and then there's gonna be other
People that are like, oh my god, that's like the DDR band
Basically the people who know who smell DK as were the people who voted DDR into the sweet 16 orange on radio March Madness
However, I digress. Yes
Um Veronica and uh, Hannah
Both signed the copy of DDR supernova in the colors scheme of the game
so one signatures in black ones in red and I have it and
I don't want it
How rude I know
So well and also what was really cool about it is not a lot of people knows
Let's listen to it. So I've been on a cane for about five six months
so
Smell DK actually signed my cane. Oh, wow
You're on a king there. What the hell happened to you? Are you okay?
well
You're going with a BMW and I didn't win. So I'm sorry to hear that
It's all good. But actually here in the coming weeks here on orange launch radio
Rob or myself or somebody will be organizing a contest and the prize will be this signed copy of Dance Dance Revolution
Supernova signed by smile DK which for if you're like a Bamani fan. This is a huge collector's item
This is this is priceless
It's it's really awesome. And um, I I do have to say that I
Mean I've been with the con for five years and this is the first time actually gave a crap about a guest being there and
The girls are so nice
Let me give you a little sample if you have no idea who smile DK is. Here you go. So
Happy you'll barf
Yeah, I
Mean and yeah anybody who's played even a lick of DDR is sort of smile DK
But we're gonna be coming up with a contest here in the coming weeks to give this away to one lucky listener
So I'd hope to do it tonight, but with everything else that have been going on with last week
We didn't get to it, but it would definitely probably next week or the week after but it'll definitely be something not just for life
But for podcast listeners
Yeah, it will be awesome. I will say definitely keep an eye on orange lounge radio.com. We will be thinking of something
Also, I in my incredibly late to the boat review
I finally got to play fallout 3 and
And I have to say it is one of the 10 greatest games I've ever played. That's a pretty shining review
Why do you like it so damn much?
well
It's basically oblivion for one. It's oblivion without the suck
Wait a minute. Wait a damn. Yeah oblivion does not suck, sir
I'm sorry Rob if you want to if you want to compare it tomorrow wind it it's it's a horrible game
Whatever. All right. All right, whatever. Well and no and the the older school series has progressively gotten better
and then oblivion just kind of took the series in a nosedive, but
It was just the combat system was fun, you know a little if you're listening to the radio stations and you're walking around that's hilarious
The story kept kept me going it was really one of the it was the first game
Since like I was back in my ps1 days is like a Final Fantasy fanboy
Where I stayed up till 4 in the morning to play the freaking game Wow
Was that because you were still on a high from Sakura condo?
No, this is before soccer con like, okay
I I've been on an unemployment spat and I that's over with but um, I've
basically my week my weeks have been consisted of playing Wow or some video game and I played fallout 3 for a week straight and
Then beat it
But uh, yeah, it's it's seriously that good
Well that I have yet to play the game. I feel so out of touch, but one of these days I'll sit down with it
Yeah, DMN bring us back on track here a little bit if you can because we got to get back into Xbox 360 news and
Back into the show, but we've been talking about how the warranties were just recently extended for the e74 errors for Xbox 360
I don't know if there's any any comment you have on that whole thing, but
I'm not I actually cannot comment on it. Oh, yeah, that's right. I forgot where you're at now. All right
That's fine. Sorry Rob. Do you kill joy? Let me well, how about Final Fantasy 13?
Can you say anything about Final Fantasy 13 and and the hype surrounding it since that's something we're demoing on Justin TV tonight. I
I will say from the footage I've seen
This game better live up to the hype or I am I'm not touching a Final Fantasy game from from 13 on
It looks like it might be pretty hot
Because 12 12 was a step up because I think the series has progressively gone down since 8 I hated 9
I hated 10 don't get me started about 10 to if I say anything bad about 11, you're gonna hang up on me
and
12 12 was a step in the right direction. It was a good game
It brought it back to the fantasy roots and kept and the game kept being fun
So I have high hopes for 13, but if 13 is a disappointment, I'm I'm done with Final Fantasy
All right, fair enough. All right
Well Dman, we're gonna let you go so you get back into the show and have a good one
And we'll definitely be hearing from you in the coming weeks and your own show
Give it a plug real quick for you. Hang up on you
under sedation live every Saturday here on all games at 8 Pacific 11 Eastern if you like
vulgarity and
Geekery and whatnot and laughs be sure to tune in dick fart jokes sci-fi talking boobs pretty much, right?
Yep. All right. Sounds great. Have a good one Dman
Hey later, buddy. Bye our breasts Lowell. I keep forgetting he changed his name officially
It's like you know, everyone still calls Prince Prince after he changed his name
All right back into some news back as some gaming news bubble bobble is actually returning to the Xbox 360
Bubble bobble is apparently coming out
I guess it's Taito bringing this out bubble bobble neo is the name of the game and apparently this is discovered on some foreign release
Date list is from Germany's video game rating board. It's actually for Xbox Live arcade
They're thinking I want to say didn't we have a story on this a while ago where we heard that this is coming out for
Arcade I thought I don't remember that. I thought I remember we were a while ago. Oh, yeah, we were I think so
this is probably just a port of it for Xbox 360 and
There's probably a PlayStation 3 one around the corner as well. It makes sense. I'm sure it is
Yeah act deaf in our chat room chat that orange lesser day comm says bubble bobble neo. You are the one
Get it old-school joke, by the way. I saw a matrix reloaded for
Six dollars on DVD at Suncoast the other day. Yeah
Those older catalog tiles are cheap and one more comment from dark Tetsuya Rob, but can you get past level 30?
They will never live that down and rightfully so Christ. Yeah
Well, Jonathan blow the creator of the hit puzzle game braid has
Revealed that there's a hidden level editor within the PC version
Apparently, he's been kind of teasing it. He says one more people have played a slash finished the game
There will be an update to unlock it
You know, it says basically a level editor will allow players
to extend the life of the puzzle title with
The potential to add up to another full game worth of puzzles Wow, and you can also implement
New things into it including importing your own images from Photoshop. What's manics?
You know stuff like that. So
That's gonna be pretty neat. I wonder is this something that you know, will you be able to share levels with other people?
Maybe I'm sure you probably could that's a bummer that the Xbox 360 crowd missed out on that
Yeah, that kind of sucks. But you know, there could always be that happens, I guess
Alright, uh, let's see to also talk about Xbox 360 bionic commando is gonna be getting a multiplayer demo very soon coming to Xbox live
As in this month if you want to check that out no word about the PlayStation 3 version of the demo yet
But apparently you will get a full 8 player bionic commando multiplayer demo
The map is called vertigo that you're gonna get technically the map is built for 16
But of course, this is just a demo they're gonna limit it to 8 that is coming out later this month in April both team
That's deathmatch and capture the flag mode. So that should be interesting
I mean, I don't know how I feel about these, you know, I love old-school bionic commando
But I'm not sure if I'm gonna be into it as a first-person shooter type game, but we'll see
I definitely want to give it a shot. I guess that's the whole reason behind a demo, right?
Yeah, so check that out when it comes out a little later this month
I'm very interested in the demo demo looks all the game looks awesome. So yeah, I definitely give it a try
You know as we heard from the caller earlier
I shouldn't base my whole opinion on the game off a demo
But here's one of those cases where it's like it's definitely gonna sway me like either it's gonna show me that I'm interested in this
Game whatsoever or that I just know I can sit this one out and just I think no
I think you can't you can't review a game based off of demo
I mean you can't just say okay this game's gonna suck because of the demo
But at the same time it gives you a good impression of how the game's gonna be it
Usually a demo I've never seen a demo that was just absolute crap and the game was just awesome. You know, so I
Don't know it usually
It's a good indicator of how the game's gonna be I gotta read some comments from chat before you get into the next story
Loki some comments from chat SSJ 100 Matt says on the braid story in the level editor
the real question is why haven't hackers found the code for this feature already and
Death wishing says Photoshop levels Oh God penis land platformer. Yeah, you know, you're gonna see plenty of those levels on YouTube
I don't know why people haven't found it yet. Maybe they weren't looking for it
Maybe part of its missing and that's what's in the patch maybe
Maybe it's a whole Resident Evil
You know multiplayer type situation
Um
Interesting enough this we've been hearing you
Constant rumors of some old-school arcade games from Sega coming to Xbox Live arcade
well now there's a little bit more confirmation about it including achievements that have basically been
Appearing online my gamer card has dug up achievements for altered beasts comic zone and shinobi all three of those
Tiles belonging to the you know, kind of classic arcade collection that's been available or will be available online
so
You know, it's interesting those they didn't mention anything about Sonic 3 Gunstar Heroes and Phantasy Star 2
But you maybe those are coming later on but at least these three probably soon enough
Now, why would I care though if I already have that other collection? I don't know it just this seems kind of useless
I mean, you're wrong. These games are pretty rad. But well, it's the same reason why they release, you know
Pac-man on Xbox Live arcade one, you know, it's available in you know, the Namco collection as well
You know, it's just another way for people who died
But I mean Pac-man is like ten dollars and that collections like, you know, 30 or 40
You're talking about this collection is 30 bucks and you get what like 25 30 games
40 40 games or some shit. Okay, so I think it's like $40 40 games, whatever versus being like five dollars for one individual game
That's a huge difference huge difference. You know what I mean? Yeah, I know what you mean
It's this just doesn't make sense. This is for definitely the impulse buyer or something, right?
Maybe achievement horse. Oh, I guess achievement horse
Well, they were unless they are going back and altering the actual code of the games, but I highly doubt that
Yeah, I doubt it. I'm sorry
I thought Xbox got a little stricter on what they were gonna let get on the the
Service and they weren't just gonna let all these old ports get on there, but it seems like that's what's happening
We
They
Go where the money is, I guess I guess I guess if they can even make $20 off it. It's worth it
I guess
All right. Well anyhow, we're gonna get in the part of the show where you get to interact with us through the email
This is a good way for the podcasters to get involved when they can't listen live mailbag orange launch radio calm
Let's open up eat old mailbag. Let's see what's in there
Again we always invite your emails and mailbag orange launch radio calm
We've got a shitload to get through tonight because we haven't been able to do it for a week or so
First email tonight is gonna come to us from James
Patrick is the username. I've recently moved to Taiwan
I was wondering how easy is it to mod a 360 to play import games?
Can I mod my 360 be region 3 and play online?
Games that release over here are much cheaper about 40 to 45 dollars after conversion
Depending on the store in the current exchange rate plus a lot of the Asian versions over here are marked saying the manual and game
Is in English I'd like to buy these games since the cheaper price tag adds up fast
I'm not experienced with modding, but I know Loki is basically I'd like to have a region 3 360
Plus I have a lot of American games don't want to have two of them any advice
There's no way to have a region free 360. You can either buy region free games or you can
You know get a mod chip and change your region of your 360 to be an agent Asian region free now 360. That's it
Next question comes from stir lock. Hi guys stir lock here from Sonoma County. Hey, that's almost a neighbor of ours
Howdy, I've been great wine by the way. I've been listening for a couple years now and love the show
I want to thank dark Sakura for mentioning mentioning the FC mobile last week
I picked one up and it totally rocks despite the button layout being a bit strange
Nothing beats playing Mike Tyson's punch-out on the bus. Anyway, keep up the great work PS. Where can I find brilliant to rave?
I've been looking for a while and can't seem to find it anywhere what he's mentioning you guys is
A song that was played in the live only segment of our show because obviously we can't play licensed music on the podcast
But there was a remix of an old song from DDR called brilliant to you
But the song was brilliant to rave that's from the new diverse system film diverse systems
Where can they order that if they want to get that diverse dot?
JP
Next email comes from Robert M
The first question was for Jamie about samurai showdown anthologies. I can't answer that sadly. She's not here
Secondly is the Sanrio character officially named Hello Kitty or she just named Kitty and her franchise is Hello Kitty. Just curious
I believe the franchise is Hello Kitty, but I don't know as much I think it's she's called Hello Kitty
I'm yeah as much as I claim to be the whore of
Sanrio I actually don't know maybe one of our chatters knows, but I'm pretty sure it's still Hello Kitty
Anyway, he continues on with some follow-up emails. Sorry to hear about Rob Smith
He continues on with some follow-up emails. Sorry to hear about Rob's video card and hopefully the idiot who made that comment is banned
I can't seem to get in chat myself lately
Which may be related to a Java era on my end since I can't seem to get into chat room for Bobby shows either
If I want to make a donation to help out and don't really want to use PayPal for whatever reason
Where can I send a check because I'm really looking forward to hearing next week's show
It sounds like the other listeners took care of that and that's a very generous thing to offer hang on to it
I'm hoping in in the coming weeks we can have other ways that you guys can throw money at us if you really really want to
That we'll put to good use. I know we've been talking shirts for like three years
I really want to make that happen in the near future. It's just it's just time and everything else going on
Hopefully soon, so we'll let you know
Also, there was one other follow-up email that came in
I apologize if I was out of line stating that the chatter who asked why Rob bothered trying to run out of the show again should be banned
As I said I wasn't in chat, so I have no context of the comment just Rob's reaction
I absolutely understand that in a stressful situation
Especially as one as serious as computer failure such criticism is most unwelcome and hurtful
I have no intention of defending his comments, but I can't say I have the right to condemn them either
That said I still hope the situation with your hardware improves
I find not being able to listen to my favorite podcast to be as frustrating as you not being able to get it running
If I'm able to contribute a small donation, et cetera, et cetera
So thank you very much for the kind words
And you know it looks like we're all in good shape now and everything's hunky-dory happy
And you know it was just it was just a bad week
Some weeks are good weeks and some weeks are bad weeks and let's just leave it at that
An email from Cheeseburger asks
I was wondering if there is an Xbox Live OLR clan name like the OL Army
Or at least a motto that all OLR listeners can have
Why yes we do have one, the OLR clan is the OL Army
That is the official clan
We have a Steam community available
If you look a lot of our clans are right there on OrangeLaunchRadio.com
If you look on that little left side there's a box that says like
God it has all the other logos of the other sites
And it's like OLR around the net or something like that
And I can't remember the name of it
Son of a gun I'm going to OrangeLaunchRadio.com right now
Extended Play that's what it's called
And it has links to a lot of our communities we're in including the Steam community
Yes the OL Army motto is
Loki, do you know it?
Don't be a dick
Don't be a dick that is the OLR motto
Because if you're going to play games online with listeners of our show
Please don't be a dick
Because there's enough of those there out on Xbox Live
People that are just absolute jerks and all of that
So if you want to be in the OL Army you need to swear that you're not going to be a dick
Alright next up from
Let's see this listener goes by
It's not signed, oh it's Spazinator in the email address
Hi everyone I thought I would email you folks some questions and comments
Well more of a recommendation than a comment but I won't get into semantics
Since you three have professed the love of all things DDR on numerous occasions
Well hold on
Hold on I wouldn't go that far
We used to all love DDR but DDR got really stale in the past few years
I just want to clarify that
So we don't love all things DDR
I think there will always be love for DDR because without it we would have never met
But that doesn't mean we love each and every game that comes out of the franchise
Perhaps you can explain something to me
What exactly is the reasons that you get into these games
I get stuff like Rock Band and Guitar Hero
But the idea behind pushing arrows to music I've never heard of before doesn't seem very interesting
Well to me anyway
Oh that was just fun
I know it was just fun it was such a different type of arcade game
I mean you moved you know what I mean
Like it wasn't just you stood there
And for me here's the thing also and maybe it's just me
I suck at fighting games
I was never very good at them
I wasn't very good at a lot of the types of games like shooter games that were in the arcade
But when it came to the music games like I was pretty good at it
You know what I mean like it was the type of game I could get into and be good at
Because I was into music in high school
And I know Jamie has a musical background
I know Loki likes to mix music
He's a big fan of music and has like music as a hobby you could say
I think that's one common thing we all have
Not to say you're not into music
But definitely I think it's something that enables us to be into DDR so much more
I think would be a big part of it
Makes sense fair enough
Yeah
Have any of you played Comet Crash yet?
If not I recommend picking it up from the PSN store
It's another tower defense game like Pixel Junk Monsters
It has more of a sci-fi feel and you can send vehicles on the offensive
Whereas PJ Monsters is purely defensive
Personally after playing this game for a week I would recommend getting this title
For my last subject question and on a semi related note
Have you played Ragdoll Kung Fu yet?
If so what are your impressions of the game?
Haven't played it
Haven't played it yet, it looked okay
Is it worth getting?
From what little I've seen it looks like a cross between the Super Smash Brothers games
And parodies of classic Hong Kong Kung Fu movies from the 60s and 70s
Is this a fair assessment?
I heard it wasn't as fun as it seemed really
Since neither of us have played it we'll have to ask the chat room if there's any follow up comments on that one
Lastly
I want to read
He sent another email later in the week
That went into this
I've come across some rumors or speculation from another websites and podcasts within the relatively near future
PSN will either be receiving more PS1 titles for download
Or at least a minimum we will hear some kind of official announcement of some kind
That will reportedly occur no later than E3
Furthermore it's been suggested that if new PS1 games do become available
This batch will be some of Capcom's classic PS1 titles
Oh I hope Mega Man Legends is in there
I thought I remember seeing something from Capcom and more PS1 games
Well I remember seeing something about Marvel vs Capcom 2 achievements on 360
Remember that
Also another rumor suggested that in tandem with the release of Capcom PS1 titles
An upgraded version of SNK vs Capcom 2 will be coming out at the same time
Oh shit I hope that's true
That's one fighting game I can get into
That is like one of my favorite fighting games ever
It's been suggested that SVC2 will
Wasn't it Capcom vs SNK?
Anyway we'll get the same HD remix treatment as Super Puzzle Fighter and Super Street Fighter 2 Turbo did before this
As I've stated these are still just rumors until some kind of official announcement is made one way or another
But this does give us something to possibly look forward to if proven to be true
That would be cool
Interesting
Let me read this last thing because this will be the last email here for me about tonight
Also from Spaznator
As you probably already know PS3 owners at their discretion can install another operating system on their system
Usually Yellow Dog Linux
What benefit does this ultimately give you if any?
What's the appeal in doing this?
Does this ultimately give you open source equivalents to like Microsoft's Word, Excel and so on?
I already know I won't be able to play Linux supported PC games due to RAM limitations
That's a given
Furthermore should I decide to take the proverbial plunge
Where can I buy the disc to install Linux?
You don't buy the disc you can download it off the internet
You can burn an ISO that way
You could buy, they have Linux that's available
I one time bought it at Best Buy because that was back when I was on dial up
And if I remember correctly I think I was doing that because of something about installing some sort of mod or something
On a PlayStation 2 or something, I don't remember what it was
But yeah, basically you would download it off the internet and then burn your own disc
Now that doesn't answer though, why?
Why? To tinker with
That's really the only reason, I mean you're going to be able to basically run a few things
Probably like some emulators and stuff like that
You're not going to be able to run any big games or anything
But it's basically just to tinker with
I'm kind of getting the impression that if you would be interested in this you already know
You know what I mean? Like if this is something that would really interest you, you already know this would interest you
Right?
Yeah
Alright, if you're the type of person that wants to try and put Linux on a toaster and all this shit then you already know
And it also stops people from trying to hack the system to put Linux on it
By just opening it up?
Yep
And that's a really fair response, you know, Sony kind of bowed down to the hackers in that regard I guess, I don't know
Alright, well there you have it, that's our mailbag
If you want to send us some more emails, mailbag at orangeloungeradio.com
Let's get back into some gaming news, we have a few more
Loki
Yes, this was fun
I got an email from my boss regarding this game because he saw a little thing on MTV about it
But apparently there's a developer putting out a, well right now it basically exists as an Unreal 3 mod
But a game called Ghetto Golf
Basically they describe the game as kind of combining Happy Gilmore with Friday
And the game itself looks very interesting
Kind of cool actually, this was actually a full fledged download for Unreal Tournament 3
And I don't think it's available yet, but if it was, I would probably pick up Unreal Tournament 3 for the PS3 to at least install this
Because you remember they do run, those mods will work on the PS3 version
But as of right now it's basically just a mod
But it's kind of cool though because it kind of combines combat with golf and, I don't know, it just looks neat
It's different
Interesting, but no idea if there's any release because they still need somebody to pick it up basically right?
Yeah, basically it says right now Ghetto Golf exists as an Unreal Tournament 3 mod
Illphonic, the publisher, the developer wants a publisher to support its development into a standalone download game
For Xbox Live Arcade, PlayStation Network, and Steam
But apparently you can check out the Ghetto Golf
It's GhettoGolf.illphonic.com
And you can check out the game's official website which has nothing other than a splash screen saying coming soon
But I don't know, I would like to download this at least if it's available and try it out as a mod
I love their website which is awesome, it's got three links here
The business, upcoming shit, and contact us
Nice, very professional
By the way, ActDeft in our chat room right now brings up a really good point
I don't know if maybe somebody else said it but I noticed ActDeft is posting the link
Kind of a follow up to the question we got in the email bag about where can I join an OLR army or how can I be part of an OLR clan
In case you forgot, in the midst of all the avatars and all this on Xbox 360
OLR does have an official gamer pic that actually is available for download officially through Microsoft on the gamer marketplace
And now with the whole online integration, ActDeft is posting a link in chat right now
You can just click on that and it will put it in your queue to download
It is free and it's part of a gamer pic collection of a bunch of all games radio shows
So you get all games interactive, Bobby Blackwolf and some of the other video game outsiders and some of the other shows that are on the network
All have a little gamer pic that you can wear with pride on your little gamer card
Because everybody has a freaking avatar so now it's unique to not have an avatar
You know what I mean? So check that out if you would like
Meanwhile I want to move into another story here real quick about the game Demigod
I did not, I barely know anything about this game but I know it was a game put out by Stardock
And I know that they were trying like a new kind of thing where they weren't going to try to combat piracy so much in this game
But here's the thing, I don't know if this came back to bite him in the butt or what
But apparently he went to the blog and said that 120,000 people connected to this game on launch day
Only 18,000 were legitimate customers
And here's the thing too about, this was a compound problem basically
Can I say this real quick though? Is that they had tested this for 50,000 players at peak times
They were not ready for this type of load
Yeah and it also hurt them the fact that the game was released by Gamestop early because they broke street on it
And of course they claim it's Stardock's problem for not telling them it had a street date which is a load of crap
But according to them that's why and so because it leaked out there early
Not only did they have to basically stay Easter weekend to get the servers online and that kind of stuff
But also hacker groups got a hold of the game earlier and so now less people
Now that it's available for download before the game actually really comes out everywhere else
A lot of people just said screw it I'm just going to go download it because I really want to play this game
Which is too bad
That's a bummer because Stardock was really taking a risk by not putting copy protection on the games
And to kind of have it come back and bite him in the ass kind of sucks
I mean yeah well now gamers can't bitch if you know the Stardocks next game has some sort of DRM on it
Well too bad you guys didn't buy the last one so oh well
Alright so you know I don't know but this whole situation just gets us a little bit angsty
And just seemed like the appropriate time to drop in a regular segment we do here on the show called the FUs of the week
Now DarkSakura isn't here tonight to start us off but I'm sure if she were here she would say something along the lines of
God I hate traffic on the way to LA and there was this one driver who really pissed me off and blah blah blah
FU to stupid drivers
I'd say FU to stupid parents because she's at Disneyland obviously
That could be too
Alright well Loki what's your FUs of the week
FU to a sore throat that I have right now because I hope I'm not getting sick because I don't really like being sick right now
That sucks
FU to candy for being so delicious I've been sitting here and I've eaten like 30 little butterscotch disc things
And I thought that was the type of candy that like 70 year olds are supposed to enjoy but I love those little butterscotch discs
I don't know what it is I got like a giant bag of them for a dollar at Walmart
And they're so addicting and I know I'm going to break all my teeth on them but I don't care
FU to candy for being delicious
Well that was a short FU segment
Alright well Loki has some news about the PSP
Yes I do, the PSP of course you may remember that there was an exploit that came out
Another TIFF file overflow
You would think that they would figure out not to do that
Or to at least protect against that because almost every single version of the PSP has been broken that way
But apparently the new PSP 3000's there is a TIFF exploit that they're now kind of working into a new version of the HEN operating system or homebrew enablers
What basically they call it
So the HEN will now be, they're going to be stripping it down, the enabler and they're going to be adding some features of the M33 custom firmwares
And it will allow you to boot up homebrew regardless but maybe restrictive to certain applications right now
So looks like they're not coming out with a new firmware yet but they are going to be adding a program that will allow you to run homebrew on a PSP 3000
Which is the first step to an actual custom firmware being installed onto this new system so it's only a matter of time
You just can't stop them, you just can't stop those hackers from getting in the PSP
Even when the PSP 2 comes out, I'm sorry, it's not going to be un-hackable
Even when it's all digital download?
Even when it's all, it doesn't matter, this is all digital file so it doesn't matter
Alright, well anyhow, MotionPlus on the Nintendo Wii, don't expect that your old Wii games are suddenly going to support MotionPlus
Apparently you might be thinking, wouldn't it be great if they would release a patch that would patch some of my old games to support MotionPlus
Well, here's the thing, I guess it's according to Game Daily who ran a report on this
With a nearly two month span of time between the accessory release and the game's arrival at retail
We expect that Nintendo will release patches that will make the new accessory work with your already existing library
And the first would be of course Wii Sports
But a fat chance, Game Daily, according to Nintendo, quote, the Wii MotionPlus accessory is only for games that are designed to make use of its abilities
But also something to consider, the Wii really can't patch its games, if you think about it
It can patch the firmware, but they can't really patch the games
Yeah, they don't have anything built in to where it will read a common area of the Broadway CPU
A very thorough article on this, by the way, at HackMii.com
Yes, and unfortunately because of all these restrictions and stuff on where the games can read data from
It would be physically impossible for them to release any patches whatsoever
So that's how you get problems like missing Switches and stuff in Tomb Raider or Underworld for the Wii
And there's nothing they can do about it, because they can't patch their game afterwards
Way to be forward thinking Nintendo, in fact they basically say that all in all the Wii software stack is designed with little to no future proofing
There's basically zero provisions for any future updates, even obvious things like new storage devices or game patches
What's worse is that this will affect compatibility mode of any future Wii successor
Just like the DS titles won't get any WPA support on the DSi, effectively making the DSi's WPA mode useless if you want to use DS titles online
And it says the DS Wi-Fi drivers and configuration stack are built into every game
Well don't worry, that's why you'll have new new play control
For your favorite games like Metroid and Pikmin
It's just really sad that such a company that thinks ahead that really is innovative can be so uninnovative at the same time
It's like they're so far ahead and they're so far behind at the same time
Oh well
Alright, we've got a couple more stories for you guys and then believe it or not we're getting towards the end of this show
We'll open up the Skype line one more time in just a minute to take your kind of potpourri any thoughts you have after a couple more stories here
And then get ready to close out the show believe it or not
Yes, well you may remember that there was a lawsuit with the NFL players and basically EA and the NFL and all that stuff
Basically they were entitled royalties for using their likenesses and stuff like that in games. This is basically retired NFL players
They've already received 28 million dollars in a settlement before
But now they're going to be targeting John Madden and EA exclusively
And apparently I guess a whole other mess to try to get some more money
Granted they should be guaranteed some money for having their likenesses shown but I don't know
Whatever
Money money money
Just another sue happy thing or do they have something legitimately to complain about?
EA is profiting off these names
That's why they pay license fees right?
Yeah, according to Cleveland Browns Bernie Parrish on a blog he put
The retired NFL players who were used in Madden EA video games will be suing Madden and EA for using us in those games without compensating us
We will probably not use the attorneys who obtained a 28.1 million dollar verdict for us against the NFLPA for scrambling retired players' identities in those video games
The jury found it a grossly fraudulent action taken so that they wouldn't have to pay retired players
In my opinion Madden should have been included in our licensing suit against the NFLPA and so should EA
So basically hey we won against the NFLPA but you know what we think that there's some more blood to take out of them
So we're going to try suing them as well
Good lord
We'll see what happens. We'll keep you posted with any further developments
I just have to laugh at this random comment that came up in our chat room chat.orangelandraday.com
Kurosaki87 says OMG Beyonce is playing Rhythm Heaven on DS on my TV. I actually saw that same commercial
I don't remember what it was during but I've seen that same thing
So Nintendo is still using the kind of female big names like you know
Because Carrie Underwood was in a DS commercial before right? Was there somebody else? Some other kind of chick you'd see on Lifetime?
I mean you can't say Beyonce is for women only though because tons of dudes think she's hot because she is
You know I don't know
Yeah they had a bunch of you know what was it
Lisa Kudrow thank you for deciphering that
Yeah Lisa Kudrow and I don't remember the other ones but yeah it's just
I guess if a woman is playing the game it must be okay for all women to play the game
She's just crazy in love with the game
Alright one more story for you guys and we're going to open up the skype line
1877 Game OLR and this was a story that made a lot of people say Woot this week
Of course the popular sales site woot.com which if you've never been there that's when you can buy just a piece of random somethings
For a very very low price
Now often times these random somethings are like refurbished or they're you know
They're kind of altered you know they're fixed up in some way but you can still get some damn good deals on there
I have never bought a damn thing from woot.com but I have a friend that buys stuff from there quite frequently and gets pretty good stuff
Well one thing they sold on woot this week and sorry but you guys missed it because it was yesterday's woot
Microsoft Xbox 360 with 20 gigabyte hard drive and HDMI $139 plus $5 shipping
So you could have bought a 360 with the HDMI and a 20 gig hard drive $145 shipped to your house
That's a good deal
That is a fucking great deal and even comes with a controller and yeah they're sold out
Now granted these are refurbished systems so you have to not be bothered by that
But honestly when you put that next to what $199 for an arcade system with no hard drive
That's a pretty great deal I think
So unfortunately they're all gone sorry guys who are listening right now
But I did want to mention that because one interesting thing about that is I noticed the word of mouth on that one really spread
And that sometimes happens with the woot deals like if you don't check the site every night then once the blogs go wild with it
Then they're gone you know that's what I saw like probably like 50 tweets on my personal Twitter
From people retweeting Major Nelson posting about it which I'm sure just made it spread like wildfire when he posted it
I'm sure he did
Although I finally de-friended Major Nelson this week and it's nothing personal but I de-friended all the celebrities on my Twitter
Because I'm just sick of the celebrity Twitter thing like I think god damn one of our listeners said it best who I follow on Twitter
I think it was Justin or Justin with some bazeros said something like
I think when Ashton Kutcher hit a million users that was I don't remember the exact tweet I apologize
He said something like that was the shark that we all just jumped over when he hit a million users and all that garbage was going on
You know like Oprah getting on Twitter too I mean you know now I'm just like okay this is garbage
I feel awful because I actually followed that stupid just or the whole Twitter to a million because I wanted to be in Sims 3
I did to an extent too but I instantly de-friended him once it was over and I wasn't the millionth person
I haven't done it yet just because they haven't announced who won that yet and I don't want to compromise anything
To be honest though I understand what he was trying to do with it but at the same time I didn't give a shit
It was like oh this is the new wave of media basically anybody can go on here and have their voice heard and stuff
At the same time I'm like I don't want all you having your voice heard because I really don't give a shit what you have to say
But at the same time I guess you don't have to friend them
I guess at first it felt like ooh I'm a little closer to these celebrities but they're not reading what you have to say
Do you think Oprah gives a shit about what you just did you know what I mean?
Well they don't care but it's something like they're actually responding back to you like if you Twitter Ashton Kutcher and he responds back to you
It's Ashton Kutcher responding back to you and not like some PR guy
It's basically you know these guys are so into this crap you know that they're doing it on their phones and that kind of stuff
It's interesting but the problem for me is that Twitter doesn't have a lot of the customization tools that it needs right now
And Twitter is having so many problems on the back end you know what I mean?
Like they're just having so many problems with being able to handle the server load
Like even today I've been trying to post Twitter updates about how our show has been going on our own Twitter at OLR
And I can barely get through because the site's just been down down down
Like I might add more celebrities and put them on a separate filter and I guess there's plugins and stuff that'll do it but I don't know
It's kind of like staying ahead of trends basically you know everybody gets a MySpace page
Twitter's gonna go the way of Friendster they're gonna be screwed because they could never keep up with the demand
It's basically like you know okay people get a MySpace page and oh my god that's the cool shit you know
I've got MySpace page you know we're one of the first people to do it
You know I can say that everybody's like oh my god I gotta get on MySpace because that's the thing to do
And then everybody follows and then we move to Facebook oh everybody's got you know face book now
And then everybody's like oh what's this Facebook stuff? Let's do some reporting on it
You know and then like Twitter is like what the hell is Twitter? Let's do some reporting on it
It's like oh my god are you people so not in touch with everything?
And I guess there are a lot of people out there that just don't know what the fuck's going on
as the show we have to get on everything you know exactly that's been part of how
we've stayed relevant for seven years you know we would never we would not
have the listenership we have now if we do we're not on podcasting right when
iTunes launch to store if that makes any sense yeah all right hey how we got a
phone call hi you're on orange launch radio who's this hi you're on orange
launch radio who's this caller if you can hear us your cast is a piece of
crap I'm sorry to hear that hello for crying out loud that I listen to the
whole conversation I'm minding my own business I'm enjoying the conversation
and then Comcast drops me out for that five seconds I'm so sorry well they got
hit when they got hit with a fail whale what can we say introduce yourself hi
orange on radio land it's Jason hi Jason one of our fearless web team people with
the fabulous deep man owned by Comcast again as it's been so often lately what's
on your mind buddy the quote you were looking for was I think a plus K Ashton
Kutcher's Twitter handle I think a plus K is the shark and when he hit a million
we all jumped over him on water skis is exactly what I was looking for I would
have read it myself but Twitter would not fucking load for me and then on an
unrelated note I said something that I think was kind of interestingly along
the same line it's interesting that Twitter's last great hurrah was Obama's
election and now that everyone else is following suit everyone's complaining
it's it's just surprising to me that it's a problem now I would have think I
would have thought that the political all of the political madness for that
whole year and a half primary an election would have been where everybody
started complaining it's a problem because Twitter can't fucking handle it
it's telling Twitter is the new Friendster I swear to God this is exactly
you're gonna see so many similarities somebody's gonna take the Twitter model
they're gonna do it better and they're gonna be the new Facebook Facebook
themselves does not become new Twitter cuz that's what they're trying to do
with their latest update everybody says that and I guess like I said like I've
said before I guess I just don't use it enough to really know I don't use
Facebook as much as a lot of other people I know and that includes people
like co-workers and stuff which I'm kind of surprised that use you know Facebook
as much as they do I don't use Facebook quite a you know what I do on Facebook
more than anything else play yes I play blitz that is the number one thing I do
on Facebook seriously and once in a while I'll upload a picture comment on a
picture upload your Hawaii pictures yeah and all of that it's a good it's a
great way to share pictures I'll say that but yeah otherwise Facebook is
great for bejeweled that's about it I don't like all the other crap on there
are so many applications like you know and once in a while I'll take a quiz I
don't know I you know what I love LiveJournal I love LiveJournal I've loved
LiveJournal for so long I think it's the out of all the social networking sites
I've ever been on LiveJournal was my favorite like four years ago and you
need to put your 175 bucks $175 permanent account to use well yeah that
and well just the fact that you know just all these other sites that have
come into play have kind of made LiveJournal go downhill a little bit
especially twatter has really ruined LiveJournal and I I miss I miss the hey
days of LiveJournal I missed LiveJournal circa four years ago and people have
more to say on it but you know LiveJournal now is just a repost of all
your Twitter posts and that's not on my friends list I found a code that filters
that shit right off of there cuz I wait so fucking sick of it you know what I
mean I got so fucking sick of it anyway sorry I cut my Jamie cut hers I don't
mind the LJ cut people but I had people that would have like 20 pages of tweets
and it's all nonsensical because it's your applies to people but when I read
it on Twitter it filters that that's the thing I hate about Twitter the most it's
like all these replies and stuff and you're trying to figure out what the
hell they're talking about and it's just I don't know I understand the whole
people want to archive it or all this stuff but please go in figure out how to
change your settings make them private posts if you just want to archive it but
I just well it doesn't matter I filtered it out I think live journals have an
easier way for just click a button and you I won't see Twitter crap on my
friends page anymore that would be the greatest thing LiveJournal could do but
they'd have to stop firing their staff in order to do that hey let's talk video
games Jason what kind of video games you've been playing this week Ryan's
hovering over my shoulder and she told me she had a question so I'm gonna start
with that real quick sure so I want to know why is it that when Jason calls
through Skype he gets through first time when we're driving and I'm trying to
call from my phone we can't get through at all I haven't the foggiest idea it's
just okay here's the thing I can tell you this much back in the day Skype used
to every time we'd get a call it would open up multiple tabs for each call we
were getting so I would see 20 tabs up on the screen and the great thing about
that is I could see who was calling in and this way we could share the love a
little bit like if there was a person that was calling in every week I
wouldn't take their call one week so that somebody else could get through
that's only fair right now ever since about a year ago Skype changed something
and I've I have combed the settings up and down this is something they did on
their end where I only get one tab at a time now so whoever gets through gets
through and locks everybody else out and the natural delay with the phones I can
even attest to of course if it has been somebody yeah and phones just have a
natural delay if it's somebody who's really been on the show a lot lately and
like me there's other well but it and other people are trying to get through
I'll just consistently hang up on the person's that way somebody else gets
through I don't like to do that but I just I want everybody to have a chance
you know it's only fair right every gamer every gamer gets the voice exactly
but tonight's setup has actually been very nice having the people sprinkled
out throughout the show I don't know if this is something we'll do long term but
it's something we're considering in fact with a third computer dot dot dot
we're thinking of ideas so is it that it actually comes up and shows you a phone
number when somebody calls from like a cell phone yes it will show me a phone
number and I almost always take the phone numbers because they're usually
new people that haven't called before gotcha almost always almost I don't
want people thinking they can circumvent it by calling on the phone because I
know my head and those people like me whose ISP decides to suck and they have
to go to the phone instead I mean I don't want people thinking like I pick
and choose I don't but like if the same if the if a person was on like the last
three weeks in a row I try not to take their call a fourth week you know what I
mean so just to show me the traffic's coming in to warrant the need to ignore
them in favor of somebody else exactly exactly but if it's a slow night we'll
hear from anybody so all right well Jason speaking of which I want to share
the love and let some more people call in thank you so much for your call though
as always wow she completely took my question oh no okay Jason quickly please
please go ahead we got we got we got sidetracked with Twitter talk go ahead
yeah blame Twitter Twitter's the I will blame Twitter fuck Twitter
wearing Comcast I was just and of course now that we've had this whole tangent I
completely forgot all of my details somebody in chat earlier you we were
talking about all the Nintendo all of the Nintendo update stuff this that and
the other and then somebody in chat talked about Nintendo where games go to
die that rang really true right now because I really want to play Fatal
Frame 4 I really want to see what they did with that game but the problem is
apparently if you if you did see it in the news they are not going to bring it
to our region or at least that they haven't announced it yet and they're
saving it for e3 because they have to have something to announce at e3 yeah
the the whole licensing snap food like that thing seems kind of weird for I
don't think it's licensing at all I think it's like okay look at this it's a
game that's done that all they have to do is localize of course they want the
easy way out okay that's what Nintendo does is the easy way out that's that's
all they do nowadays so if there's a game that people want a lot you know
maybe mother of three of course but you know that's a different reason all
together but still I have a feeling that they could be announcing this at e3
because they're like hey look see core core game nice I would be so pleased if
it were especially if I was there but then again likes to disappoint as well
so you know it's hard to say well put and a small plug there is a Facebook
group trying to get emails to Nintendo to try to get it localized we've been
going on the scorns of social media we need not your Facebook chatter here oh
what the hell let her give it out don't do emails do actual letters yeah cuz
that'd be more effective yes that's been uh other than that I admit and very I
admit the sadness that I finally broke down a lot of that last night we'll have
to have a pickle party at some point Jason I really do have to let you go now
those who get some other callers but thank you and Ry as well for calling in
okay yes everybody just a note to the Justin TV folks our phone calls don't go
through to Justin TV I don't know why that's weird well I sometimes they work
sometimes it just remember it's a simulcast guys we actually they should
they should be unless it's it see the problem is I think is it's mono and I
think it's coming in one side or the other and I don't know which side so I
tried flipping it but it if it's I could try flipping it again don't worry about
it don't worry I mean honestly Justin TV is not the focus I know they think they
are it's the thing so if we hear it of the speakers it's just split from the
speakers so all right we got another hello hi you're on orange launch radio
who's this hey this DS master 26 hey DS master 26 what is on your mind not much
just came across one of my old favorite enemies from my childhood that's no
longer on the air in America though still in Japan hmm
Sailor Moon what did you want to do what you want to talk about with Sailor Moon
yeah it's you know it was actually kind of like one of those crossovers between
like Harry Potter meets the Power Rangers try how my friends kind of put
it sort of but do you think the soil on the hand that would make a good game do
they have Sailor Moon games I've had multiple Sailor Moon games in Japan
they'll have been brought over here right no I think they have had Sailor
Moon games come out over here but the thing is it's not a popular franchise
anymore it's just like for some reason when I'd also thought it was a great
idea to put out was it wacky races the cartoon series that ran in the 80s and
originally came from like the 60s I mean come on I wouldn't I would support a
Sailor Moon game if it was the live-action Sailor Moon because the when
the cat is actually a stuffed cat that's pretty amazing so maybe we could get
some like old-school say get CD style live-action Sailor Moon games I would
support this yes sure would I and you know besides that I've been hearing a
whole lot about that rack band unplugged for PST you know the question is well
let's have download content if it does I'm almost thinking of splurging for
that 32 gigabyte memory stick which is probably gonna drop me 600 bucks it will
have a rock band source so yeah there will be download content for sure there
definitely will be download content but you probably won't need it just drive
that big I mean I don't download every song that comes out on rock band that
that would be a little bit much don't you think
probably but then again if there's a lot of good songs from a certain I say like
I'd probably get the whole album it's on there and because I'm already kicked off
that Nintendo is kind of this shafted for the Metallica content for guitar
hero is us we owners we only get three tracks from the death magnetic album
while you use 316 ps3 owners not hate in here but you guys are getting the full
album fall as we owners here getting shafted sort of for the guitar hero
Metallica content that does suck that's why the we should honestly part of me
thinks that we shouldn't even have rock band and guitar hero because you're not
really getting the same game but at the same time you all know what you're
getting into with the we but it's it's the weed is not up it does not have the
power of a PlayStation 3 or Xbox 360 when I say power I mean storage space
as well you know what I mean yeah even though I have like an extra 2 gig micro
SD that can transfer into a normal IC card which I'd really love to fill up
with other stuff I mean I always figured out how to get my virtual console
palace and everything on to there and what you can copy from I figured I had
to do from the Wii memory finally figured that out but it's a pain the
butt though but isn't we fit awesome hard drive we fit stinks and we played it
once never played it again yeah here's the thing about we fed I learned you
really do have to be committed to it in order for it to work I just want to
throw I just want to throw that in there because it seems like it's one of the
only you know good things about the Wii right now all right DS master we gotta
let you go because we're gonna wrap up the show but thanks so much for your
call well one more thing before I let you guys
all right my favorite and my lines Boone prism tower and rock on keep the good
shows guys thank you here wow all right that's gonna do over the
skyline tonight we're gonna close up shop on the skyline so that we can get
through some last-minute stories and get to the end of the show look at this boss
is so cheap it keeps tossing me in the air is this further than you got last
time that's the same place I got last time you know it's probably one of those
things where it's giving you hints too but they're always like giving me hints
at all it's just cheap I heard I heard someone else that was talking about the
demo they got tossed in the air 26 times fine it's just it's being cheap hey
that's that's why it's a demo so they can fix that crap so anyways some stuff
we we didn't talk about here but the ESRB has rated Ghostbusters and two
other Atari DS titles for the DSI now you may think oh well that's not that
big deal because if you think about it you know it DS games playing the DSI
well does it is a big deal because DSI games are only for the DSI basically
they're DSI where or DSI special enhanced versions of the game so those
three games Ghostbusters and plus and the chase Felix meet Felicity the
thought is perhaps Nintendo is going to start allowing publishers to put up full
copies of their games on the DSI where store to download and the be honest as
the person that has downloaded his fair share of games for the DS and ROM form
to play on you know things allow that sort of thing they aren't that big so I
could see something like this happening so interesting and it says no Atari of
course has responded back saying unfortunately no official word from
Atari we'll let this stay a rumor for now so hmm announcement at e3 basically
there's gonna be a new shiny force game coming out from Sega although you may
not guess what platform is actually coming out on it's actually being
brought to the arcade shiny force cross is the brand new game it is going to be
an RPG oriented game but it is more a turn-based strategy I guess and it's
weird though it's actually played on cabinets linked via Sega's all dotnet
net platform and apparently it's only in Japan so that kind of sex then also the
first round of songs picked for guitar heroes smash hits have been announced
and these were all based on people's votes the first round that they've had
can I just say though who cares fuck this game I mean this is just the
further milking of the franchise not I'm not saying that to you personally Loki
but just when I read the story I just rolled my eyes I was like God I
understand you know these game that these songs are being re-released with
the full band and what have you but my god it's just like can you hear them
money-sucking just the masses this is this is going to kill music games right
here yeah but if you want to know here you go yeah and they're all from guitar
hero 1 Pantera's cowboys from hell the live version Franz Ferdinand take me out
Queens of the Stone Age no one knows Joan Jett and the Blackhearts I love
rock and roll Boston more than a feeling white zombie Thunder kiss 65 blue a sir
cult Godzilla helmet unsung the live version Queen Killer Queen incubus
stellar Ozzy Osbourne bark at the moon deep purple smoke on the water the Donnas
take it off and the exes hey you and of course this game is coming out in June
and yet is kind of a milking franchise and then let's see here and that's all
I've got right now all right well that's going to bring us to the very very end
of the show them the part of show where we go around to get everybody's final
thought let's see um well it's pretty crowded in here I guess we'll start with
Loki your final thought my final thought is um excite trucks or excite box you're
grazing hell yeah and my final thought is um candy more candy need more candy
that's going to do it tonight here at orange lounge radio for another show
thank you guys so much for tuning into and supporting independent podcasting
when it's broken and when it works yay we made it through a whole show hooray
all we ask is we don't ask for any money for the show even though you know some
of you guys are kind enough to help us out anyway you know just tell two
friends about the show it's word of mouth word of mouth helps get it out
there that's all we've ever asked for the past few years so just help us
spread the word tell two people about the show leave us nice reviews on iTunes
I saw myspace bulletin of somebody advertising the show earlier I thought
that was really cool so you know stuff like that really means a lot to us
really appreciate that thank you guys so much and we'll see you again next week
dark soccer will be back we'll have more to talk about
Loki might have another game to look at here maybe he can pry excite bots away
from the wife long enough to a show here on Justin TV we'll see but we'll do it
all again next week here on orange launch radio thanks you guys for tuning
in we'll see you next week you've been listening to orange lounge radio orange
lounge radio is an orange lounge production to join us for a live show
visit www.allgames.com Sunday nights at 6 p.m. Pacific time the views and
opinions expressed on orange lounge radio do not necessarily reflect those
of the entire staff of orange lounge radio or all games calm but we're
probably right anyway see you next week
