With your hosts, DarkSakura, Sky and Loco, here!
Tonight, April 26, 2009.
Could a popular MMO be coming to the iPhone?
Microsoft promises a barrage of games for Japan.
And the first details are announced for PAX 2009.
Orange Lounge Radio
Hello everybody out there on the internet, and welcome to another week of Orange Lounge Radio.
We are that show dedicated to video games, video gaming, gaming culture, and the gamer lifestyle.
It's the show where every gamer has a voice.
Leading in through the next few hours are myself, Rob Roberts, and of course the one and only, welcome back, DarkSakura.
Jamie Summers.
Hi.
How are you?
I left my lungs at Disneyland.
Yeah, how was Disneyland?
Oh my god!
It was Disneyland, right?
Oh, it was fun, and they have a new game, which I will touch on in my gaming week.
I think I might know what you're talking about, so I won't talk about it too, but it's the same one I remember.
Oh my god!
Alright, and also say hello to Techmaster Loki.
He was picking off pickles off of his double cheeseburger.
Why, are you not a pickle fan? Did you specifically ask no pickles and they gave you a different one?
Oh, I never do, because then that means they have to take longer.
Oh, I see. So you just pick them off?
Yes.
Interesting. I kind of do the same thing with tomatoes, actually.
Alright, and hello to you. How was your week? Everything good?
It was busy.
Yeah?
Yeah.
Alright, and joining us in the studio tonight, we have some special guests with us tonight.
Say hello to the doctor.
I'm the doctor.
How are you? How have you been? You've been a little while since you've been here.
It's been like a couple weeks, but yeah, I'm doing really good.
Woo!
A couple weeks is a long time, and Rice Princess is here too.
I don't think I can get the mic all the way over there, but say hello to Rice Princess is here.
Hi.
I don't know if you can hear that at all.
They are controlling the game that's playing right now on our Justin TV feed.
We don't have a new game, which is a little erratic tonight.
I apologize, guys. It's running off of Wi-Fi, so it's a little bit eh.
But they are playing right now Rescue Rangers on the 8-bit Nintendo.
Since we didn't have anything new to show tonight, we decided to have an old school night.
They are not. They're playing it on the Dreamcast.
Well, yeah, they're playing it so that they can switch to other games if they want to play something else really easy.
Loki was not able to bring Excitebots tonight, which we were hoping to look at.
What happened, Loki?
Well, I knew. I wasn't going to take it away from my wife.
She's been playing it constantly, so, you know, she'd be pissed off.
So it's past the wife test?
Yes, it's past the wife test.
All right, well, we'll hear a little more about your gaming week in just a little bit.
But let's get into it. How was your gaming week?
We'll start off with Dark Soccer. How was your gaming week?
I actually didn't play much of anything because of, you know, school.
But I did go to Disneyland, and I played, I'm going to call this a video game,
because really it's sort of like a midway game meets a video game,
was the new Toy Story ride over at California Adventure.
It's so much fun. I went on that one. I went March, yes.
Okay, now I have to lead up to this.
I was convinced, well, I had said the next time I go to Disneyland,
I was going to go on Tower of Terror.
And I sat between Tiara and Marissa,
and Marissa kept saying that I would like, that I would be okay on the drops
and that the part that would scare me would be the lead up.
Well, the lead up was the fun part, and the drop freaked me the hell out,
to the point that the only thing I could say on the entire ride was,
I'm not doing this again, or I hate this, or something like that.
And then I didn't make any more noise until I was off of it
and almost throwing up when I got outside.
Because I will tell everybody right now, my fear is falling.
Not high places, not motion, it's falling.
The Tower of Terror is really freaking scary.
I have been in an elevator when it fell two feet before,
so no, Jamie doesn't do this.
So I was actually so freaked out that I was actually going to go on
California Screamin', and I was actually relieved when the line was closed.
And, by the way, I want to give a shout out to Pete and Jasmine,
who hung out with us and were really awesome while we were there.
But, okay, back now to the story.
So they're like, let's go on Toy Story.
They're like, okay, let's go on Toy Story.
So Toy Story, it's like you wear 3D glasses,
like the same kinds you wear at the Muppet Show thing.
And then you stop in front of these screens, and you have these guns
that are the pop gun that you pull the big string on over and over again,
and you fire out 3D ammunition at targets on the screen.
You're basically having to flick your wrist back and forth
as fast as possible to pull the string.
So men are better at it.
Yeah, men have a distinct advantage at this game.
I made a good score.
Actually, I've got my score because I wrote it.
I took a picture of my score.
Are you really good at flicking your wrist back and forth real quick?
Well, you know, I am married.
But what kind of games are you playing with?
Like I remember there was like a ring toss game and a pop-up balloon.
I love the army men game where you have to shoot down the army men
as they jump out.
But there's also the pie toss.
There's just shooting plates.
The plate one was fun, except the ride stopped,
so we were shooting plates for zero points.
I was practicing my aim.
And it was just really cool.
There were all sorts of little mini games to do on it.
But my score for the first time playing it was 114,400.
And on top of that, you know what my animal was?
It was a beaver.
And as Game Guru says in the chat,
they're putting it out on the Wii as a Wii game.
Are they?
Yes.
And it will be in 3D.
Dude, yes.
That's kind of awesome, I have to say.
But I have to tell you, Rob,
did you notice this when you came out of the ride?
What is it?
When you walk out of the ride, if you look to the left
where the little desk and everything is and the room setting,
it shows the cutout box.
That's the ride that you're on.
It's like a paper box you set up in Inside Midway.
And if you look at the wallpaper that's inside the ride,
it's got little tabs and stuff
and instructions for where you stick everything,
like old paper doll houses.
It's an old Midway ride, like a child's Midway ride.
It's pretty cool.
Yeah, it was a great ride.
So real-life gaming, basically, this week.
So it was a lot of fun.
And then I came back and real-life intruded itself.
Loki did mention the chat room, chat.orangelaungeradio.com,
if you want to join us live for this chat.
And of course, there was that comment from Game Guru earlier.
Also, DarkTetsuya,
I still want that Mr. Toad's Wild Ride racing game.
That would be pretty awesome.
Only if you go to hell.
SSJ100Matt says...
I mean, in the game, not you go to hell.
How dare you tell our listeners to go to hell, DarkSakura?
You're gone for a week and you think you run the world.
I do.
SSJ100Matt says they need to have a Rad Racer remake that's 3D.
Just like the first one.
Alright, so DarkSakura played Disneyland for a gaming week.
How was your gaming week, Loki?
I played lots of Excitebots trick racing.
In fact, I finished the Excite race mode,
and now I'm in Super Excite race mode.
And it's really...
Well, it's about as hard as the first game.
Now, the game is really awesome itself,
but I don't care for some of their changes that they made.
Like, they have these stunt bars, basically,
that you have to grab and you can swing around.
They're gold ones that you swing around a few times
and then you just launch off and you get stars.
And then every track has a red bar
that you have to swing around and spin ten times.
And I guess they're kind of neat,
you know, to keep with the whole trick racing thing,
but I think it should be optional because
the red bar kind of breaks up the whole race.
You're going really fast, really fast,
and then you go swing around this stupid bar ten times
and then you boost off of it again.
I don't know, it's just a minor annoyance.
But other than that, the game's pretty fun.
If you're a fan of Excite Truck, you're going to love this game.
Definitely the way to go.
They have all the original tracks, actually,
from the old Excite Truck game in this one,
except they're kind of tweaked a little bit.
But all the original tracks are in there,
and plus they have a bunch of new ones.
And also, what was I going to say,
no support, unfortunately, for custom music,
which kind of sucks, but the music that's in the game
is not as annoying as the last game.
And I don't know, it's pretty hard,
but most of the Excite Truck games,
if you're going to try to actually S-rank the courses,
then yeah, you're going to have to play it a few times
to actually be able to do it perfectly.
But it's fun, lots of air.
Oh, I remember another gripe I had about that.
There's an icon that you can get that looks like a wrench
that puts you into leg mode, as they put it.
And in order to run in leg mode,
you have to shake the controller back and forth.
You kind of have to tilt it like a seesaw.
Well, that's great, except for the fact that you have to
actually use the controller to steer,
so you're kind of going all over the place.
So I don't really agree with the decision to control it that way.
Maybe even tapping A or just shaking the controller
like normal would be cool, but whatever.
That's the way they did it and kind of get over it.
But yeah, the game's really weird.
I made a Super Sandwich, so it's awesome.
Other than that, I played Rhythm Heaven on the DS,
which is definitely a fun music microgame collection,
very similar to the WarioWare stuff
because it's made by the same people.
The thing is, though, is it's very strict on accuracy.
So if you're not accurate in that,
or if you're just a little bit off,
it's going to penalize you big time.
So that kind of sucked, but fun game overall.
The other thing that I played, more Grand Theft Auto,
I was actually messing around with the PC version again,
editing some stuff, and I got cars to bounce into the sky
really far and come down and explode,
so that was kind of fun.
And I downloaded the new download content for Saints Row 2,
so hopefully I can get to play that this week.
And yeah, that's pretty much it, I think, for my gaming week.
All right, sounds pretty good.
Nothing else? Anything you're looking forward to in this next week, Logie?
Nope, not this week.
Nothing coming out really worthwhile, at least.
Basically, yeah, it's just X-Men Origins,
which doesn't look bad.
It's just not something I'd plan on picking up unless I get it for free.
And the other game I was waiting for, unfortunately,
I delayed to the end of next month, so I had to have Fuel,
which was originally supposed to be coming out in two weeks,
but now it's not until four weeks.
All right.
Let's see, we'll get to the Doctor and the Rice Princess
and their gaming weeks momentarily,
except now they're playing what?
You switched guides. You guys have been switching games.
I saw Contra flash by for a minute,
but now you're on, what, Double Dragon 2?
All right, fine.
Let me talk about my gaming week real quick.
It's pretty easy.
I haven't been playing a whole lot this week besides World of Warcraft,
because they had the new patch not that long ago,
so I had to check out Ulduar.
I finally got to check out this week,
although we didn't get very far.
We wiped on Razor Scale,
which is the second boss in there after a couple of attempts,
but I thought the Flame Leviathan fight was a lot of fun.
They've really incorporated vehicles now into the raids,
which is kind of interesting
because the first fight you actually do on the vehicles,
and it's kind of cool because I was driving around on a motorcycle,
and having to pick up the people that were getting launched from the cannons,
yes, you can launch yourself from a cannon onto the back of the boss to fight it,
and then the boss throws you off,
and you have to get picked up in a motorcycle
and get carried back to the cannon.
So it's really intricate.
It's kind of neat what they've done in Warcraft with this,
although I can say that, but at the same time say,
I don't know, I wish this boss wasn't a mandatory boss
because the lead up to it with the vehicle stuff
that takes about 20, 30 minutes to get through is kind of annoying.
I would only want to do that once.
I would want to have to do the clear every time to get to Flame Leviathan.
I think that's going to get annoying, but okay, whatevs.
I've also been leveling an alt, so it's been a pretty wildtastic week.
I haven't really been touching the consoles that much.
I played a little bit of Outrun,
but not enough for me to say a whole lot about it besides,
thankfully there's a cartoon arcade-style racing game on Xbox 360
I enjoy right now because pretty much all we've had otherwise
is more realistic type of racing games, and that's really it.
There hasn't been a whole lot otherwise.
Rock Band 2, I've been playing a lot of Rock Band still.
That game's getting a lot of value even today.
So that's really it for my gaming week.
The Doctor, Rice Princess,
anything you guys have been playing in your gaming week
besides what you're doing right now? The Doctor?
No, not really. I've been making movies.
You've been making movies, dirty movies?
Of course dirty movies.
So nothing that you've been really playing lately.
I know you're a big Nintendo fanboy.
Is there anything you're looking forward to on the Wii?
Definitely the Wii Motion Plus.
All right. Rice Princess, how was your gaming week?
What have you been up to?
Playing well.
How's your Warcraft week going?
It's Noble Garden, so that's it.
That's right, there's a new holiday.
This is a new holiday in World of Warcraft, right?
What do you do in the Noble Garden event?
Explain to our listeners Rice Princess.
Put the damn game on pause.
It's the Easter stuff that they couldn't update in time
or something, I don't remember.
All right, she's busy playing Double Dragon.
All right, you go around and you hunt for eggs.
I kind of thought it was stupid.
I played it for about five minutes.
I thought it was stupid.
You're full of crap.
Why are you saying I'm full of crap?
All right, Rice Princess is screaming at me.
She has no microphone.
There you go.
All right, we're going to get into some gaming news here in just a moment.
Again, if you want to join us live, chat.orangeontrader.com
is the place to be.
You can also follow us on Twitter at OLR,
and we're looking at your tweets during the show.
And thanks to you guys who have been saying stuff
to kind of help plug the show.
I saw some retweets from Act Deaf and Gold Anthro.
Thank you guys very much over on Twitter.
Also, housekeeping, housekeeping.
We have a lot of housekeeping tonight.
I'm very excited.
In a couple weeks, I will be in Chicago.
I am going to Anime Central, ASEN for short.
I'm going to this convention,
and I will be doing a panel Friday at 4.30 in panel room 7?
Consult your program.
So You Think You Can Podcast is the name of the panel,
and I'll be talking about my seven years of experience
that I have in internet broadcasting
and talking about how Orange Launch Radio started as a podcast
and what you can do if you're curious about starting a podcast
or maintaining a podcast or selling your podcast, et cetera, et cetera.
So I'm really excited to be there.
I know we have a lot of listeners in that kind of area around Chicago
and the Midwest that go to this convention,
so I'm excited to finally meet a lot of you.
So please come to the panel if you're going to be there Friday at 4.30,
Anime Central.
Also, next week on the program,
you heard us tease this a little bit last week,
but next week on the program,
we're very excited because we're going to be giving away...
That's right, that's Smile DK.
We have an autographed copy
of one of the Dance Dance Revolution games on,
I believe it's Supernova 2,
Dance Dance Revolution, autographed by Smile DK
that we're giving away on the show next week.
So that should be pretty awesome.
Live or podcast, either way.
So you can listen to that and win it live.
It was signed at SakuraCon.
Thanks to the awesome breast lol for getting that for us.
So next week on the show, if you want to tune in live or in podcast form,
and I'll give you more details next week,
you'll have two weeks to do it.
Question from chat.
Will you be recording the panel at ASEN?
If I can.
It's not really about Orange Lounge Radio, though,
so I don't know if we'll put it on the podcast feed if we can do it,
but maybe like a bonus thing.
I would love to tape it if we can.
If nothing else, I'll have someone videotape it,
and I can dump the audio or something.
We'll figure something out.
Also, I want to say this.
This is very, very, very, very, very, very, very important.
I want to say a huge thank you to all the listeners.
I don't know if everybody in studio saw,
but there is a bunch of boxes sitting in the house.
There's a new used computer.
What do I mean by new used?
It's a refurbed computer.
The listeners pulled together money.
I don't know if you remember our meltdown on air two weeks ago
when everything broke, but the listeners pulled together
and got us a new computer that we can use for the show.
Sweet.
That's very, very exciting.
We weren't able to put it all together for tonight.
Thank you, guys.
Yeah, I mean, obviously, huge, huge amounts of thanks.
Obviously, with us having probably a little break in a couple weeks
with me being off in the Midwest,
we'll probably have a lot of time to put that together
and get it up and running
and hopefully have some fun new stuff for the show.
So thank you, guys, so much for that.
That's very exciting, very, very exciting.
Yeah, now I feel like I have to get naked or something.
No, I'm kidding.
All right.
Thank you for everyone.
Let's see.
Actually, they say it's all new parts in chat.
I'm going to be honest.
I haven't cracked open the boxes.
I've just got them all,
so I don't really know what we do and we don't have yet.
I just know it's computer bits, and the whole computer is there,
so I want to say thanks again, everybody.
All right.
Let's get into tonight's gaming news.
I don't think there's anything else, really.
You follow us on Facebook, MySpace.
Does anyone use MySpace anymore?
Anyone?
I don't think so.
Stalkers.
Well, if you're there, you can get us on Orange Lounge Radio there.
But we're not on Craigslist because that's where the murderers are.
That's the one social site that we're not on is Craigslist.
I don't know.
Maybe we should have an O.L. Army on Craigslist.
I bought my first Xbox 360 in Craigslist.
Oh, okay.
But didn't you have to pay a huge markup for that?
Yes.
Nice.
Also, one other announcement I know that needs to be made
before we get into tonight's gaming news.
Loki mentioned something on his Twitter this week,
and I'm not sure if all the listeners got an opportunity to see this
because not all the listeners are on Twitter.
Why don't you share what your announcement is, Loki?
Well, my announcement is that my wife is pregnant with twins.
Congratulations.
Wow, that's pretty amazing.
So, December.
We're on Hanukkah.
Well, actually, because it's twins.
Twins are usually delivered earlier, so Hanukkah, Thanksgiving-ish.
Wow.
Well, congratulations.
That's so awesome.
And obviously the show will continue.
Get her a doula.
The show will continue, you guys.
Even if Loki's going to be out for a little while, we'll figure something out.
No, I was thinking Skyping it or something,
because obviously I'm not going to leave my wife home alone with two kids
by herself for the first few weeks or so.
We will figure something out.
We've got plenty of time to figure it out.
I'm going to leave my husband alone with my kid.
It's not even a worry right now.
Yeah, I'm not going anywhere.
I'm not planning on going anywhere.
And the other thing, too, is we're going to be getting a house, actually.
Oh, my gosh.
We've already had our offer accepted.
We did the walk-through on yesterday, and it looked good.
So we're assuming.
I don't think anything's going to go wrong,
because we know what condition the roof is in, basically.
So probably, yeah, we'll be probably moving into a house by the end of next month.
Oh, my gosh, I didn't know the house was that far along.
Well, that's great, especially with twins on the way.
Yes, definitely.
And I've never known anyone that had twins, so that's kind of fun.
That's fertility drugs for you.
Small word of advice, check your pipes in the house.
Well, we have an inspector.
And Nellie should check her lady pipes, too, for the twins.
Comments, of course, lots and lots of congrats in our chat room.
You're in there, Loki.
I won't read them all for you, but some of the funnier ones.
Amaze Satsuma says, Loki is about to have eight crazy nights.
I think there's going to be more than eight of those.
Frisbee says you should try and make it happen on the 20th of November.
Lol.
Can I say the names?
The babies will come out when they come out.
I don't know.
Nellie doesn't want to do the one anymore.
Originally, she was really fond of the name Max.
And I was like, OK, that's cool.
I'm all, how about naming the other one Sam?
And she's like, OK.
I was like, Sam, Max, sweet.
If you name your twins Sam and Max, I'm going to laugh for a week.
I might literally die of laughter if you name the twins Sam and Max.
She doesn't want to name the one Max because she doesn't want to name the baby.
Actually, Max has to be the longer version of the name.
And Maximilian, you know, that would be kind of...
You don't know if they're going to be boys or girls yet, do you?
No, we don't know.
So it could be Maxine and Samantha.
Yeah.
That would be cool.
We don't know.
Yeah, we're not going to know what the sex of the babies are for a few months.
Because she's only like eight weeks along right now.
Right, right.
We know early because...
Actually, we didn't know it was going to be twins until last week.
Because we had to go in because she had cramping in her side or whatever.
And so she wanted to make sure everything was OK.
And so they did ultrasounds and stuff.
And they saw...
First, you know, the woman didn't see any heartbeats at all.
And then they found one.
And then we went to radiology.
And then they found a second one.
They're like, OK, there's two.
So, yeah, I mean, it's still a ways off.
We actually have our first real doctor's visit in two weeks.
So we get to see them slightly more growing up, I guess.
But, yeah, not until...
But remember, there's still tadpoles.
Not until, like, you know, August or so.
We know the sex of them.
We're going to find out for sure.
Brad from Pod Culture in our chat room says,
Sam and Max would be better than Ratchet and Clank as names.
So there you go.
That's true.
And, chat, he is not really going to name them Sam and Max
just to get a goddamn gift from the makers of the game, OK?
I wonder, though, if I...
These are children you're talking about.
When I have mine, if I name it Richter or Annette,
if Konami would give me a present.
Yeah, she really will name the damn kid Richter.
Konami will give you a present, all right.
They'll sue you.
Dan and I decided, like, ten years ago,
before I ever even thought of wanting children,
that if we had a boy, his name was Richter.
No, she, OK, she keeps...
My wife keeps suggesting the name Mason.
And I'm like, Mason is a stupid name.
I have a friend named Mason.
Mason's my little brother-in-law's name.
God, everybody names their kids Mason.
Wait a minute, he might actually listen to this show, you ass.
I'm sorry, it's a horrible name.
And no, Mario doesn't work because we're not Italian, so...
All right.
We'll figure out names later.
You know what's funny is that I have toyed around
the idea of naming a boy Strider,
but it has nothing to do with the game, I swear to God.
It's just a name I like.
Not from, oh, forget it.
All right, we need to stop naming children after video games.
Let's get on to the gaming news.
God, we're like 20 minutes into the show,
I haven't touched on a lick of gaming news.
Loki, start us off tonight, if you would.
Yes, there's more drama going on with the whole
Scratch the Ultimate DJ game.
First, Scratch actually was awarded their restraining order
against Seven Studios, and Seven Studios was basically
told to give back the controllers that they had been
holding hostage, I guess, and also all the development
materials and that kind of stuff.
So that's kind of cool victory for Genius there.
And then a weird chain event also led to Seven Studios
now countersuing, saying that it was actually Genius's fault
that they were behind schedule, and it was a...
I don't know, they had put them back several months
because they couldn't get licensed music,
or they couldn't provide licensed music for the game
and not obtain publishing approval.
So, I don't know, and apparently the game is still not
cleared for launch on the PS3 according to them.
So we'll find out what happens there.
I'm sure this is not going to be going away anytime soon,
which is very disappointing because I have a feeling
this is going to delay the release of this game
if it even comes out anymore now.
And I'm sure DJ Hero will not be affected by this at all.
Oh well.
Yes, because DJ Hero is being put out by the bigger company,
so regardless of quality, it will come out regardless.
And regardless of whether they find Activision accountable
for any wrongdoing whatsoever, it's still...
They have oodles of money to pay off any lawsuits
that could possibly happen.
They basically get what they're hinting at
they're trying to get.
Because at least I figured, hey, Scratch might not be
the more popular game, but at least if it's out first,
it has a fair chance.
But now it's like, I don't know.
I still think it'll do okay, but I'm wondering if we see
anything called DJ Revolution or something coming out.
That's going to be crap.
Come on, Konami, don't disappoint me.
Alright, well, I guess we'll see what further develops of this.
I'm sure to be continued, there's plenty more to have
on counter suits, appeals, et cetera, et cetera.
I've seen the controller, it looks awesome.
Of course, it's not done, but it looks awesome.
Alright, well, kind of going on a completely different note,
obviously we were talking about Warcraft a little bit
in the opening of the show tonight.
This is interesting, there's rumors going around the internet
about a World of Warcraft app on the iPhone.
Apparently, somebody had ported Second Life to iPhone
a little while ago, and now apparently there's this little movie
circulating around the internet that actually shows
a jailbroken iPhone that is running World of Warcraft.
Kind of interesting.
And there's kind of this no comment going on
when asked if it's officially or whatever,
that the company is apparently negotiating with Activision,
et cetera, et cetera, to try and get this going.
I think this is kind of a load of crap.
I don't think Warcraft, I mean,
I think people are kind of jumping to conclusions.
They see this and they assume,
oh, Warcraft must be on its way for the iPhone.
Come on, how stupid would Warcraft be on the iPhone?
You can't take a game like World of Warcraft
and put it on the small scale of the iPhone.
You can't.
You could.
Okay, but you could in the same way,
you could install Linux on a toaster to say you did it.
That's it, but why?
Not necessarily.
Basically what you'd do is you'd create a specific version
of the game for the iPhone.
It would still be the same game,
but the models would be a lot lower res.
So when it shows a model for whatever,
Dark Elf or something, it's going to look different.
Here's what I think they should do.
If they're going to have to do anything with this,
what they should do is they should go,
you got to go all the way back to,
I don't know if you remember,
Final Fantasy VIII on the PlayStation.
If you had that little thing that was only out in Japan,
and I forget the name of it,
but they had, that's it, PocketStation,
you could link with the PlayStation.
You could raise your chocobo on the PocketStation,
and then that would affect some chocobos that you had in game.
Maybe something like that where you have a spinoff game
where, I don't know, you do something in it
and it affects your character.
You can get loot that you can actually use in the game,
or enchantments or something that you can actually use in the game.
Something to enhance the World of Warcraft game
without throwing off the balance.
It wouldn't work because someone would hack it to be able to do that,
to automatically give them a lot of whatever it is.
Then they wouldn't necessarily be like,
maybe like new pets or new mounts
and things that are not going to throw off the balance of World of Warcraft.
The best part about the chocobo game and Final Fantasy VIII on the PocketStation,
because I actually owned a PocketStation for a while,
I still have it somewhere. I don't even know where it is.
Rice Princess and the Doctor right now are playing 8-bit Nintendo
through a Dreamcast emulator.
Dreamcast, the VMUs, that was huge.
They had little games that you could do on the VMUs exclusively.
With the PocketStation though, the best part about it was
is the game would play itself.
If you turned on a PlayStation and just let it sit there for five days or whatever,
just let it plug in so that it wouldn't turn off,
you'd come back and you'd have all this loot. It'd just be there. Done.
So I don't know. They'd have to be very careful with the balance of the game,
but it's not like Blizzard's never made major changes to their game.
Second Life, I mean...
I could see something with vehicular combat, like on the iPhone,
like a little side game, but I don't know.
I don't know. I believe it's not like a hoax or anything, I don't think,
because they're not showing that it's awesome framerate or anything like that.
But I could see if they could port it to the iPhone, I think it'd be pretty big,
because definitely portable World of Warcraft would be awesome for somebody, I'm sure.
I think there's no point, you know what I mean?
You can't party, you can't group.
It would just be slow, it would be clunky.
I think it would devalue Warcraft.
I think it would devalue World of Warcraft to put out a subpar game on the iPhone.
But that's why you would have to not necessarily make it look worse,
but dumb down the textures a bit so that you can cram what was in the actual PC game onto this platform.
That way you wouldn't have all the massive lag and that kind of stuff that you would experience.
It's just basically more stripped down.
I just think it's devaluing Warcraft.
If I were to show somebody, like, oh, here's World of Warcraft on my iPhone,
somebody's going to look at that and go, this looks like crap, I don't want to play this game.
Okay, well the other option is, and I'm not sure if they've actually installed Second Life on there,
if it's just streaming it from a PC or something like that and then using this interface to control it.
Maybe that's what this is.
Or maybe they should just stick with the mobile authenticator and that's it.
That's a good use of the iPhone, the mobile authenticator.
I heard they don't even sell the keychain authenticators anymore in favor of the mobile authenticators.
So what I have here on my keychain from BlizzCon that my friends brought me back
is going to be a collector's item that I actually use.
So, pretty cool.
The question being asked, what is an authenticator?
It's like, what do they call those, VPNs?
Like a lot of companies use them, you have a little thing on your keychain.
You press this button, it generates a number based on the seed that's on the sticker on the back of your card.
And so when you want to log, and that number changes every minute.
So it basically uses the seed and the time to generate a number.
And if you want to log into WoW, you have to have the keychain with the number.
Or somebody can't log in. It helps protect your account from hackers, basically.
So, there you go.
Looking at comments from chat, Brad from Pod Culture says,
Sky, you could have an iPhone app for WoW.
Here you do your single player quests and gather loot and or items for your character.
I still think it would be a lesser game than what you have on the PC.
I mean, I don't know. I mean, granted, okay, you have a lot of iPhone games that are lesser versions.
But I mean, Blizzard has resisted porting this game to consoles because they don't want a lesser version of the game.
I cannot see that they're going to bend the rule for the freaking iPhone.
Let's take a lesser game and put it onto the iPhone.
Let's take Ultima Online or something like that and put it on there.
I mean, iPhone should be able to handle Ultima Online.
Or like, I don't know, Fancy Star Online would be kind of cool.
I think there's other things you could do. I just don't think THE World of Warcraft game is going to fit on an iPhone.
Let's move on. I think we have more Warcraft news, right, Darksacra?
Oh, yes. You addicts. You've been thrown another boom by PopCap.
Now, there's a new command in World of Warcraft that I'm sure Rob has used.
It's slash peggle.
Yes, yes, yes, more yes. This is amazing what has happened this week.
It's freaking peggle.
Yeah, you type it in and you can play peggle, challenge each other, and have peggle duels.
You can have your friends do an enormous battle.
You can have a time limit, not a time limit.
Also, you can do peggle loot.
So you can decide who takes the loot instead of doing the roll command.
But you also have World of Warcraft themed backgrounds and points for using a special peggle talent tree.
And it's fucking peggle and fucking World of Warcraft.
And honestly, just reading about it or hearing about it right now does not do this justice.
Like, just how awesome this marriage is.
My soul cries.
No, I mean, really, you have to see it.
I mean, it's like, they really have adapted the game Peggle for free, put it into Warcraft,
and they have these all new stages that are based off the WoW levels.
They've made this talent tree, which is a WoW thing, but they made it about Peggle.
You can do duels through the game.
I mean, it's pretty odd.
Rice Princess, I know you've been playing the hell out of this.
I kicked your ass at a duel the other day.
No, you didn't.
Yes, I did.
Nuh-uh.
It wasn't me.
I have the screen cap to prove it.
No, it wasn't me.
Well, all right, tell them about Peggle.
It's great.
It's really awesome.
What do you want me to say?
Ew, you're eating clove gum? That's gross.
Talk about the game, Rice Princess.
No, it's really fun.
I love it.
Like, I love how the levels are based on...
What?
What?
I love how the levels are based on actual places in WoW.
Like, they have the pictures in the background, and all the Peggles are arranged, like, kind
of like in the regular Peggle.
And by the way, for those that have never played Peggle before, it's like Plinko as
a game.
Kind of.
From The Price is Right, kind of.
Yeah.
You have to, like, shoot at these little pegs and make them go away, and they bounce on
each other and stuff like that.
And it sounds like the most mediocre boring game ever, but it's so fun.
It's very addicting.
You'll spend, like, hours playing it.
Trust me.
So, yeah.
It's really awesome.
So, good times.
Very good times with this.
Totally good times.
I mean, just the marriage of two crack games.
But what I like about it, like, I'm not going to sign into WoW just to play Peggle, but
it's really great, because sometimes, especially, like, I'm leveling an alt right now, so I
don't have a mount.
I don't have a flying mount or anything like that, so when I'm using the flying taxi system,
it takes four minutes to go from one place to another.
Peggle's a great distraction to pass the time.
And it's integrated into the game.
Four whole minutes, Bob.
It's great.
I know.
It takes a long time to fly in WoW when you're low level.
It does.
Four whole minutes.
I know.
At least it's not Final Fantasy XI, Christ, where it would take you, like, you didn't
even have, like, you had to wait ten minutes for the airship to show up, then you get on
the airship, take a ten minute ride, and then it might be remotely near where you're trying
to go.
Yeah, that's why Final Fantasy XI's ridiculous.
I'm sure it's gotten a lot better.
It's more realistic, though.
I think they have more, uh, yeah, it is more realistic, but I think they have more teleport
spells and stuff now to help ease that up.
I don't give a crap it's still a crappy game.
Alright, shut up.
Alright, anyhow, so yes, Peggle is in WoW, and it's, uh, the amazing part is it's free.
But what a great thing for PopCap's brand.
I mean, everybody's talking about it this week.
Everybody's talking about Peg Crack.
We got sucked right in just like everybody else.
So, there you go.
Um, yes.
So, something not Peggle-related.
Um, but actually, oddly enough, it's something related to what's going on on Justin.TV.
The Dreamcast!
Yes, uh, Sega isn't making Dreamcasts anymore.
However, you can still purchase them.
In fact, ThinkGeek is now offering, um, brand new Dreamcasts for $100.
$99.99.
And, um, yes, and it includes, of course, uh, it's a version 2.0, um, with the web browser version 2.0,
including Sega Swirl and a demo disc.
And, um, yeah, awesome.
Brand new Dreamcast.
I remember when I got my Dreamcast, I wanted it at an all-nighter at QZAR.
I was like, Dreamcast? I don't want this.
But then I got, I got games for it, and I'm like, sweet, it has Power Stone.
That's awesome.
I didn't even think new Dreamcasts existed anymore.
That's the crazy part to me. Like, where did they find new Dreamcasts?
Where did they find these?
I don't know.
Maybe in a warehouse?
I guess so. Like, just collecting dust somewhere.
I do have to say, though, the article on this is amazing for, uh,
showing the last Sega to Sanchiro commercial when the Dreamcast came out.
I would really recommend picking up a Dreamcast.
If you have some extra money and you want a great system
with a lot of homebrew available out there,
you know, I realize the legality of some of this stuff is questionable,
but, I mean, the Dreamcast is a great, great system.
I mean, it has good games anyway.
And make yourself a boot disk and you can play in the import.
No problem. I mean, they're easy.
There's some real classics on Dreamcast.
I'm sure many classic games of the week that Dark Soccer has picked
have come from there.
Uh, Space Channel 5, Sonic Adventure, you know,
there's just great, great games on Dreamcast.
So, check it out if you don't already have one of these.
Um, speaking of old stuff...
Oh, they're sold out.
Are they all gone?
Probably because the blogs all picked up the stories. It's gone.
Maybe they'll...
Console sold out.
Maybe they'll get more in the future.
Um, speaking of old retro stuff,
old Sierra games, and I'm talking, like, Leisure Suit Larry 1,
Police Quest 1, Space Quest 1,
apparently there's a new website where you can actually play these games
in your browser, but it's kind of cool because the games run in Flash,
but there's this weird, like, multiplayer element
where you can watch other people solve puzzles,
and there's a new right-click menu system in the game.
If you want to check this out, the website is called sarian.net.
S-A-R-I-E-N dot net.
And so it's just kind of like a walkthrough of these classic old school Sierra games.
So if you were a Sierra game fan like I was back in the day,
then you definitely want to check that out.
They only have those three games right now,
the Leisure Suit Larry 1, Police Quest 1, and Space Quest 1.
No word when my favorite of the old Sierra games,
which would be King's Quest 4, is going to make the list.
So check that out.
Moving on with some more gaming news, over to Dark Sakura.
Well, I'm sure some of our regular listeners remember me talking about
getting a FC Mobile, which is a portable Nintendo Entertainment System.
Now there is a new one, which I am going to be getting and selling my old one.
It's the FC Mobile 2, and it comes with stuff and things.
As in, it comes with controllers,
wireless controllers, and a light gun.
A wireless light gun that's pretty good in relation to the old NES Zapper.
So when you have it basically using the TV tuner mode and using it as your Nintendo,
you have actual controllers. You do not have to use the system.
So it's going to be out in May.
It will be $60, and it will have a black version and a white version.
And I'm going to have one.
Mine will go up for sale. My old one.
The end.
This is so interesting how the old school Nintendo stuff is making such a comeback,
thanks to, in part, this whole FC Mobile stuff.
So it's kind of cool.
How much money do you think you're going to end up spending on all this crap?
Not much. It's only $60. It should be cheaper elsewhere.
Hitstun in our chat room right now says,
Yeah, this week I bought an FC Mobile, tried it, realized the fucking A and B buttons were backwards,
and returned it for a refund.
Yeah, they're fixing that.
All in about a half hour's time.
They're fixing that.
They've reversed the A and B buttons to where they should be on the new version.
Does that have anything to do with the fact that in Japan, most games do have it flipped?
Or is that just, no, it really was messed up?
I think that they based the old FC Mobile off of the Famicom Mobile.
The U.S. one was based off of the Japanese one,
but I think that the U.S. release one is going to actually,
they were saying that the button should be corrected for American audiences.
Alrighty.
And I got a hug in chat for mentioning King's Quest IV.
That's like the quintessential Sierra game. I'm sorry.
That is the best.
If anybody were to ask me what old school Sierra game should I play
to check out why these games were so awesome,
because there's like 20 of them out there in all these different series,
I would say King's Quest IV is the one you should check out first.
I like King's Quest better than Space Quest IV.
I like Space Quest IV.
Oh yeah.
Really?
Yeah, I do. I like Legion Suit Larry too,
but I think King's Quest is more accessible for everybody.
You have to have a certain sense of humor to like Legion Suit Larry.
So there you go.
Alright, well, more news.
We've got release dates coming up.
Yes.
Well, this ought to make Jamie happy.
It's been confirmed that next week on the, or not virtual console,
on Xbox Live Arcade, Virtual On will be coming out.
Yes, on April 29th, you can expect Virtual On out on Xbox Live Arcade.
Apparently, though, it is going to be priced at 1,200 Microsoft points or $15.
So?
That is so for me.
It's Virtual On.
I'm totally getting it.
That's a lot of Sega love on Xbox Live.
Once wins six.
Because there's Virtual On.
Or an adapter.
An outrun.
Adapter, so I can use my Dreamcast twin sticks.
Random Xbox Live Arcade.
One thing I did play actually this week as well was Lode Runner.
I did check that out because I have fond memories of that game on the Commodore 64.
Personally, I don't think that game has aged very well.
They've tried to make it look nicer,
but I think the core game itself has not aged very well.
Yeah.
I think it's a game that's better left in my memory on the Commodore 64.
I don't want to base the review off the demo,
but as I was checking it out, I was kind of going,
this is one of those things that I remember a lot more fondly when I was younger.
They have nice new graphics.
It's like they put the same old game in this nice new packaging,
but it's still the same old game that I think is better left in the 80s.
So there you go.
All right.
Let's go to some release dates.
Over to Japan first.
We'll start tonight with some of the releases on the Xbox 360 this week in Japan.
Coming out on, I believe, what is their release date?
I think April 30th.
X-Blades is coming out on the Xbox 360.
That's really the only big game coming out this week.
Coming out on the PlayStation 3, you also have X-Blades from Ubisoft,
as well as versions of NHL 2009 coming out there as well.
Moving on over to the Nintendo Wii,
you have GQO Powerful Major League 2009
and Mahjong Kakuto Club Wii come out as well.
It's kind of a slow release week, if you can imagine.
That's cool.
PlayStation 2 has a game called NHL 2009,
as well as Tiernanog is coming out as well.
Wasn't that a song in DDR?
No.
Oh, it is. It is.
It's a game based off the Mystic Knights of Tiernanog.
That's what it is. Huh?
I was going to say it's Celtic mythology.
That's what it is.
It's a role-playing game.
This actually looks kind of cool.
That neato.
That's on PlayStation 2 of all systems.
So that's coming out from SystemSoft this week in Japan.
That looks to be the most exciting thing I've seen yet.
Going to the handhelds,
we'll see if there's any big handheld stuff coming out this week.
That might explain why the lineup is kind of weak on the consoles.
We do have a Dragon Ball Z game coming out,
as well as WarioWare Myself comes out on the Nintendo DS this week.
And Shinobi Retsuden 3 comes out as well.
And let's see.
That's all on the DS.
And on the Sony PSP.
Oh, there you go.
Persona comes out this week on the PSP.
That must be the big game that's coming out this week.
As well as a version of Tiernanog on Sony PSP.
You fail at Blaster Master.
That's kind of cool.
All right.
So they're playing Blaster Master on Justin TV right now,
but having a hard time with the Dreamcast controller.
There you go.
All right.
Let's move on with more release dates.
I have two.
We have on the 1st of May, which is May Day,
which is a fertility holiday.
Ooh.
We have Gardening Mama on the DS.
We have Marbles Balance Challenge on the Wii.
That's it.
This is a slow week.
I think the Marbles Balance Challenge I think is a WiiWare game.
They're too busy practicing fertility, right?
Dancing the maypole.
This week there's not a whole lot coming out as well in the U.S.
Starting off Backyard Baseball 2010 coming out on the PlayStation 2,
but you might as well skip that game because it sucks.
The Aquarium World, which is apparently a port of the DS Aquarium game,
also sucks.
Please avoid that one.
Horrible game.
Elite Forces Unit 77 coming out on the DS.
Still horrible, but okay.
Velvet Assassin coming out on PC and Xbox 360.
That one's supposed to be okay.
Dynasty Warriors Strike Force on PSP.
Maybe here, I think this is the wrong date,
but Klonoa on the Wii is supposed to be coming out.
Yay!
I think it's the week after, but we'll go with that I guess.
Super Robot Tyson OG Saga Endless Frontier,
which actually looks pretty cool.
That's coming out on the DS.
Tournament Pool coming out from Destiny Air,
which means that must suck.
That's on the Wii.
Emergency Disaster Rescue Squad coming out on the DS.
Okay.
Is it like Imagine Fuego?
No, not quite Imagine Fuego.
And then finally, probably the bigger game of the week,
and this is sad, but X-Men Origins Wolverine.
And if you happen to be buying it on the 360,
and on the PlayStation 3, the Uncaged Edition,
which means it's slightly more violent,
will be coming out in pretty much every system out there.
And then also some more crap from Destiny Air.
Party Pigs Farmyard Games on the Wii.
And that is it.
That is your week in games.
Why is it such a crap week for games?
I guess we're just...
April's usually light, that's why.
We're all busy doing it.
I guess everybody's prepped for the summer or something.
Alright, well, at least online looks to be a little more exciting
if you look at the stuff that's available on Virtual Console
and those types of places.
One thing that's coming out in Japan anyway,
sadly it's not here yet, but maybe someday,
the Wii Video Service is going to be launching in Japan on May 1st.
Here's the cool thing about it.
You will be able to connect with your DSi.
Notice how it doesn't say your DS, but your DSi.
It's called the Wii No Ma Channel,
and it's coming out from May 1st.
It's being launched by Nintendo,
and Dentsu is their publisher partner.
Well, it makes sense that you couldn't do the DS
because you can't download anything to the DS.
Well, you can't download programs.
Oh, to the regular DS, yeah.
Couldn't you download a movie to the regular DS,
close it, and have it later? I don't know.
As long as you don't turn it off.
I believe it uses flash memory for the demos.
Let me tell you a little bit more about how it works.
Basically, when you go into this app,
it looks like a little family room,
and eight of your Miis will show up gathering in this room.
If you go into the TV in the room,
you'll get to do the download service.
There will be both free and paid content.
They haven't announced what's going to be in it yet.
One of the demo videos uses this nature footage,
so I don't know if they just have some stock video
to kind of show the program off or what have you.
If you go on a house plant, you go to the sponsor area,
and you get some free trials of stuff from advertisers,
so I don't know, like a sponsor area.
I don't know how that ties into videos, but there you go.
You will also be able to use this on the DSi.
There's going to be a free app called Doko Demo Wii No Ma.
It's called Anywhere, translate what's it to, Anywhere Wii No Ma,
and you'll be able to download the video from the Wii to your DS,
as well as redeem coupons.
And apparently in one of the demo videos,
you get a fast food restaurant coupon that you get from this channel.
You'd get it to your DSi, and then they scan it on your DSi
at the restaurant to redeem it.
Kind of neat. A little different.
There's a trailer out there on the internet if you want to check that out,
but it isn't Japanese, so there you go.
Do you think they'll have something like this out here soon?
Too much trouble for us lazy Americans.
I don't think you'll have quite that cool functionality
like the fast food restaurant thing I was describing,
but why not the video service?
Because then that would mean that they actually are going to embrace online
for the U.S., and that's never going to happen.
But wasn't Japan always kind of holding them back?
Well, no.
Look at the one company that's braced online better than anybody else
is an American company, Microsoft.
Yes.
And Nintendo is a Japanese-run company.
I know, and Sony has been always having to run to catch up
with the online stuff.
At least they're willing to give it a shot.
After all, their systems did have support for online network games.
Granted, the GameCube did as well,
but honestly, how many games really used it?
Like, two.
I don't know. I don't think we'll see this.
I mean, after all, they haven't even brought the normal video download service
to the Wii yet, so why the video streaming?
I just don't see this as something they're just going to do,
because it doesn't really...
I mean, it adds, I guess, functionality to the Wii,
but really they don't need it,
because people want to buy Wii Sports,
and hopefully Wii Sports 2 or Wii Sports Resort.
All right. Well, we'll see if they give this a shot in the U.S. or not.
Probably not.
Anyway, moving on. More news.
Well, in other news, this is actually a statement made by American McGee,
and I fully endorse this, you know.
They're asked about the trend of using user-made content,
and American McGee was saying that it's actually extortion of the users
to make the content.
You know, they're basically using the users to make the game.
They just make the properties to go with it.
He thinks that there should be some kind of reward out there
for gamers who make the content, which I agree with.
I think that would be a good idea.
You know, or at least contests and things like that.
But it's really just, you know, partially laziness on part of the programs.
I think it actually, there's the immersive element of having people,
you know, the players provide content,
but at the same time, yeah, they should be rewarded for it.
When I was first hearing this story,
I couldn't help but think maybe it was a dig on LittleBigPlanet,
because that's a game that relies so much on the user-created content.
That's the big sell of the game.
You know what I mean?
LittleBigPlanet is the best game I played last year completely.
Certainly better than those American McGee, you know, the Grim Fairy Tales games they have out right now.
No, I don't agree with, you know, his statements at all,
because if you think about it, that's like saying if I buy a pencil and I do a drawing,
should the company that provided me with the pencil, you know,
they have to pay me for the drawing they made, because...
But are you going to go back and use the drawing afterwards?
What do you mean if I'm going to use the drawing?
Or let other people...
Is the pencil company going to sell your drawing, basically?
Are you going to...
Yeah, but they're not selling their online content.
Are you going to be drawing up for common use so that anybody else on the internet can use your piece?
Then don't make anything for it.
I mean, that's the thing.
It's like if you're going to be all butthurt about people using your, you know, stuff that you made,
then don't make anything.
The point is that the games rely on user-created content.
No, they don't, because they actually have their own standby levels,
and if you never touched online, it wouldn't matter anyways,
because you still got a full game's worth of stuff.
To be fair, I'm using LittleBigPlanet as an example.
We don't know exactly what kind of game he had in mind either.
Oh, he's full of crap.
I mean, his game, Grim, is...
I'm sorry, it's not that great.
But, whatever, you know, he thinks he's an expert because he's developed, you know, two game series.
Ooh, let's bow down to you.
Oh, wait, how was your Bad Day L.A. game?
Oh, that's right, it wasn't very good.
I mean, maybe if he had some user-created content, it would have made that game worth buying,
but, I don't know, it's just...
I'm kind of in the middle here.
Like, I kind of understand what he...
I do agree that if companies are going to use your stuff,
you should get rewards for that, you know what I mean?
You should be able to...
They could even go as far as compensation, you know what I mean?
I think that there should actually be contests.
You know, content contests.
And Sony does kind of reward, like, they give the crowns in Little Big Planet if you're super popular.
The trophies are based off the popularity of your levels.
Little perks, nothing big.
They should have, like, real prizes.
Real stuff.
Yeah, that's what I think.
Alright.
If you guys have a comment, chat.orangelandrader.com is the place you can leave us a comment on this.
Or you can always send us a tweet.
At OLR is the place you can go as well.
Some comments from chat right now over at chat.orangelandrader.com.
Leo Shen says, hopefully that new Alice game will be good.
I keep forgetting, they are working on a new Alice game, aren't they?
They're working on an Alice movie, too.
Well, Alice in Wonderland.
He was supposed to be working on an Alice movie as well, but...
I don't know.
It's just...
It's just because he...
For whatever reason, we hold these game developers up really high, and then they start getting a big head.
And thinking that they can comment on everything.
And granted, yes, they can make comments on everything, but then people...
We comment on everything.
It's just people don't give a shit what we say.
They don't get posts everywhere.
No one goes and posts our comments in a blog, and they'll present it as gospel on the industry.
I mean, it's just one person's opinion.
Just like his opinion.
He thinks that people should be compensated.
Well, great!
If he ever creates a game that has user-created content, then I want him to see him compensating everybody.
Since he's made such a fuss over it.
So...
Whatever.
Alright, let's move on with some more gaming news.
Loki?
Advent Children Complete, the brand new Blu-Ray box set that came out in Japan last week,
has actually been doing very well.
In fact, it's sold over 274,000 copies.
And the demo itself has actually pushed the PS3 to the top of the charts.
Because, yes, people do actually want to buy this box set for the game.
And, yeah, that's fine.
The movie's awesome, too.
But I think it's definitely...
I mean, they must be pretty confident in it.
After all, they did release a special edition PS3 in Japan with this box set.
So, you know, people love their Final Fantasy VII.
Even though it's really probably the Final Fantasy XIII demo that's driving all of this?
Yes.
I mean, how many of those came to America?
I mean, I haven't heard of people importing a game as much as I've heard of this.
Like, I seriously know.
I know you imported it.
One of my friends on LiveJournal imported it.
I know Bobby imported it.
And I don't...
Like, I haven't heard of that many people importing anything else.
You know what I mean?
Like, maybe one of you would import another game from Japan.
But, like, all of you guys got that Final Fantasy XIII demo.
You know, I think that you import...
You know, and it's probably maybe only, like, a thousand or two thousand of that is imports.
You can't say the whole bit is.
But that's still...
It just kind of shows you the popularity of it, if that makes sense.
Yes, it does make sense.
So, it's pretty popular.
And I'm sure, like, if, you know...
I'm sure when Final Fantasy XIII actually comes out over there on PS3 and stuff,
people will be importing that bitch.
Oh, yeah, because it'll be region-free.
Yeah, it'll be region-free.
It'll be a few months early.
And then they'll buy it again in the U.S. because we're all consumer whores, right?
Yep.
That's right.
Already thinking about it.
There you go.
I'm kind of curious.
Chat room.
What kind of game...
Because I see Act Def Comments has imported three games.
What are some games, chat room, you've imported in the past year?
Because, you know, when you...
And the reason why I ask is because it costs a lot more money when you order import games from Japan.
So, I'm kind of curious, those of you in chat.
Give me some ideas.
What kind of games have you imported in the past year?
We'll say year or two.
Within this current console cycle, you know, what kind of stuff have you imported?
Is that the only thing you've imported during this cycle?
Nope.
I imported Smash Brothers Brawl.
I also imported...
I don't know why I imported this, but I imported Wangen Midnight on the PS3.
Oh, yeah.
Because it was not like the arcade one, for sure.
No, it was not, unfortunately.
There's some other games.
I thought about importing Africa, never got around to it.
Just because it can't run over the animals, and that's just not fun for me.
There's another RPG that came out over there.
I think it's Dark Souls or something like that.
That's actually all in English that I thought about importing.
But I haven't even played the PS3 games I have now.
Like, I have Killzone 2 and Resistance 2 that I still haven't played anything.
You know, I haven't even gotten past, like, the first level in...
Well, I passed the first level, but not the second level in Resistance 2.
I don't know.
I thought about getting a Japanese Xbox 360,
because I haven't figured out a good way to region-free my 360,
since most of the games that come out in Japan aren't region-free on the 360.
But that's pretty much it.
Yeah, just those three games.
Let me read some comments from our chat room about the imports,
the games that have been imported.
Act F says he's imported Happy Sky, Gya Kuten Saiban 2, and Street Fighter's Darkstalkers Collection Value Pack.
Why can't I talk tonight?
Dark Knight says 2DX Red.
Liu Shen says 2DX Poppin' and Oz.
GS68 says kitsui Death Label, Poppin' Music 13 Carnival,
DJ Max Portable Black Square.
Jason says, current console cycle, I haven't.
Gold Anthro says, I've never really imported a game ever.
I don't have the extra money.
There you go.
Some of the comments from things that have been imported in the current cycle.
Funny enough, none of them said the Final Fantasy XIII demo.
And the Final Fantasy XIII demo.
All right.
Hey, PlayStation Home, another popular destination on the PlayStation 3.
There is an update coming for PlayStation Home.
There's going to be a new Disgaea Lounge,
and apparently in this new Disgaea area, you'll be able to play like a Disgaea test.
There'll be a card game, some type of block game available as well.
And of course, prettys.
Little pretty penguin people that you can see in this area.
Also, some other stuff coming to home this month.
Street Fighter IV Avatar items.
You can start Street Fighter IV within Home.
And Uncharted Waters Online.
Cruz del Sur is supposed to come out as well,
which offers some new home items within Home.
So there you go.
That's all coming to PlayStation Home.
Haven't been home in a while.
Neither, but, well, I guess only a couple weeks when I say a while.
So, you know, there you go.
That's all coming to PlayStation Home this month.
Well, that's special.
Very, very special.
Well, how about some different PlayStation 3 news?
This is definitely a reason that is if you
Sorry, the mics died for a minute.
It was my fault.
Live radio, boys and girls.
Did that work? Did you hear that microphone?
Yes, sorry.
Roar!
Okay.
If you have a problem, you can take it up with me.
Anyway.
So for fans of the PlayStation 3,
there is a very good reason to have
Arkham Asylum on that system,
because you get to play the Joker.
The Joker is cool.
Reviews so far of the game have been pretty positive,
so I think it's going to be a lot of fun.
But there's really, though, no comment on
if you're going to be able to use him at all
on Xbox 360 or PC.
You, basically, though, the way it's going to work
is that you'll go on to the PlayStation Store
to purchase him, but he's only playable on the challenge maps.
Mr. J.
Huh.
I wonder if Xbox 360 will have their own little special character.
If it's Catwoman, I gotta go with 360.
I gotta say.
I don't know, because Joker is Joker.
I want Harley.
Yeah, you don't know.
Like, maybe there's still going to be a special character on the 360
that's going to be, you know, everybody's going to want that, too.
I mean, obviously, the Joker's the big-ass deal with the movie and everything,
but, you know, I don't know.
Me, personally, I love Batman for years and years.
This will probably come out on the 360
after a certain amount of time.
It's just, you know, sweeten the deal,
because you've got to sell some PS3 units since there's not as many systems.
Only if one of the Joker's attacks is the magic trick.
This is Mark Hamill, Joker, so probably not.
That's right. X-Link is reminding us in chat that Mark Hamill is doing the voice.
Oh, my God.
I'm sorry.
Mark Hamill is the best voice actor ever for Joker The End.
It's also the guy with the same guy that's doing the voice
from the animated series for Batman as well,
and I think they have the writer doing the actual story of the game, too.
That's nice.
Too bad they can't get Eartha Kitt for Catwoman,
because she's, you know, dead, but that would have been great.
For what I've seen in the video trailer for it,
I think they have the same voice actor for Harley Quinn, too.
Yay! God, I love Harley.
I just think that she's great because she was totally made for the animated series,
and fans loved her so much that she made it into the comic universe.
Well, I hope the game's as good as the hype,
because everybody's getting excited about it.
Nobody's played the game yet.
Actually, some people have had their hands on early copies to review it,
and it did get some pretty good reviews.
Eurogamer really, really liked it.
They were just excited because they had early copies.
Well, Sony was teasing an electrifying announcement
that they were going to make on April 27th
regarding Uncharted Drake's Fortune 2 and also Infamous.
However, like any other secret announcement that they have,
it got ruined by Best Buy.
So apparently part of the announcement,
at least we can assume it's part, if not all, of the announcement,
if you buy your copy of Infamous,
you will get a downloadable demo,
as well as access to Uncharted 2 among thieves,
the multiplayer beta, one that launches in June.
So much like Crackdown in the Halo 3 beta,
you'll get to do a similar type of thing with Uncharted 2.
And of course, everyone's thought was,
hey, not only will you probably be able to play the Uncharted 2 beta,
but maybe the Infamous character is going to be an unlockable in Uncharted 2.
So that might be another theory as well.
But we'll hear the official announcement on the 27th,
and everybody act surprised.
Sorry the surprise got ruined by Best Buy, Sony.
This sad trombone's for you.
I know. We love sad trombone here on Orange Launch Radio.
We should make that official thing, that when this type of stuff happens,
we give them a sad trombone, and that's whatever.
The sad trombone of the week.
That's right, the sad trombone of the week.
All right, we got one more story for you that won't be a sad trombone,
for some people are going to be very excited to hear this,
but apparently Kojima is swearing there's not going to be another Metal Gear for a while.
But one of the other games he's looking at possibly revisiting,
Zone of the Enders.
That's right. Apparently they are interested in making a Zone of the Enders 3,
and this came up during one of the Metal Gear Solid 4 podcasts.
It's been six years since Zone of the Enders, the second runner.
But apparently Kojima is interested.
He wants gamers to email them if they're interested in seeing it happen.
So if you want to add to the email barrage I'm sure they're getting right now,
go check that out, the MGS4 podcast, and you can send them an email.
So I'm sure they're getting bombarded with them because since this hit the internet,
everybody's probably emailing saying, yes, Zone of the Enders.
And we have some folks in chat room that are getting very excited about hearing
the Zone of the Enders stuff as well.
So I don't know, are you guys interested in Zone of the Enders 3?
Yes.
Sure, why not?
As long as Sana sings the song.
All right, well let's get here to the end of part A,
we're going to get into part B in just a minute here,
but before we end part A we have to get to a segment we always do here
on Orange Lounge Radio.
Every week we like to dig through the old dusty gaming archive of video games
and pick out a classic video game that you kids should be revisiting.
We're revisiting a lot on Justin TV tonight actually.
It looks like Rice Princess is playing Willow right now.
Good times, that's a good pick.
That's a previous classic game of the week, that's already been done.
We have a brand new classic game of the week tonight,
and Dark Soccer is back, I picked one last week,
but Dark Soccer is back to pick one for you guys.
We did Spy vs. Spy, an old Commodore 64 game that they ended up on the NES,
and it had two sequels that a lot of people don't know about
because they were only on Commodore 64,
but one of the very first games ever to have same screen multiplayer.
That's what makes it unique.
All right, anyhow, that's so last week though.
Let's get into this week and the classic game of the week this week.
Dark Soccer, what should the kids be playing this week?
The game of the week is Klonoa, because Klonoa is great.
Let's have some music, Rob.
Yes, this is from the PlayStation 1 version of Klonoa.
Let's check it out.
Explosions.
I love music in this game.
I'm going to choke on the cue.
This is not the best music ever.
You can still just see how nauseously cued this game is from music.
There you go.
Well, it starts off nauseously cute, but how many people has actually played the damn game?
Basically, you start off in a world called Phantomile.
Klonoa lives in this little village called Breezegale.
He lives with his grandfather.
He goes and visits Dreamworld, where he has to go and save different people.
Basically, he meets up with his buddy named Q-Pal,
who lives in a ring that Klonoa found in the forest.
That's where Klonoa gets his power from.
He basically has to go and rescue this girl named Lola,
who is a...well, actually, wrong one, because he has to...no, I think it's Lola that he has to...was he rescued?
Anyway, he has to rescue some chick.
I thought it was either Lola or Lirina, one of those two.
He has to go through and actually rescue this priestess who was captured by Gaudius, who is the main bad guy.
He thinks that dark remotions should reign and that you should accept it as much as you do the light.
However, he's just doing this to do it.
As you go through the game, you're having to...I really don't want to spoil things too much,
but as it goes through, you have to go through the different stages and fight the different bosses.
The game plays sort of pseudo-3D.
It plays on a 2D platform, but you've got some three-dimensional elements thrown in,
like hitting stuff that goes into the background to pop eggs to get more jewels to power your stuff up with,
or you can also rescue these different people that live in different places.
You've got these people that look like Klonoa in the first level,
and you have these people that look like moon things in the next level,
but you have to go through and actually rescue people as you go along and fight the enemies
by picking up the smaller enemies and throwing them at the bigger ones
or using the different properties.
There's ones that fly, and you have to grab them, and they'll fly you upwards a little bit.
It's a ton of fun. We actually did get a sequel over here in the U.S.,
which was Klonoa 2, Limitee's Veil.
It used a cel shading for the game.
Actually, this is where those other characters came in.
I'll be perfectly honest. I haven't played the first Klonoa in a long, long time,
so I don't really remember all the people's names except for Joka and Gaudius,
and I remember his grandfather, which was very sad, and I guess that happens to him.
Joka, though, sucks. Sucks a lot.
But Klonoa 2 had the platformer levels and different types of boss battles
and time attack challenges and water parks and things like that, too.
But the thing about this game, about actually both of the games, I'd say,
is that for as cute and light as they look, and, you know,
it'd be a game that a little kid could play and not really understand the darker elements to,
it does have a ton of darker elements.
I mean, really, this game gets downright freaking depressing.
Just depressing. I mean, the further you get on in the game, you're like,
oh my god, can this get any more screwed up? And then it gets more screwed up.
So, yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Now, did you happen to pick this game this week because there's that Wii version coming out very soon,
or just coincidence?
Well, I was thinking about it, and what I did now when I pick a classic game
is I looked at my own collection, which usually takes me quite a while.
But I happened to see Klonoa there. I was like, oh, Klonoa's coming out this week, so I might as well pick it.
But there's also other versions of the game, too.
There's a Klonoa 2 Dream Champ tournament that came out in Game Boy Advance in Japan.
And it actually did come out over here quite a bit later.
There's also Klonoa Moonlight Museum, which came out in Japan on WonderSwan,
which I might have.
But there's also Klonoa Empire of Dreams that also came out for Game Boy Advance.
And there's actually in 2002, there was Klonoa Heroes Legend of the Star Metal,
which is an action RPG.
So you can actually play through the game as an RPG.
For other things, Klonoa had a cameo in MotoGP in Alpine Racer 3.
Klonoa and another character, Goonps, were a playable pair in Namco X Capcom, or VS Capcom, or whatever.
And they had their moves from Klonoa Heroes.
You can also see Joka, Janga, and the moves as enemies, and also Lolo and Lalakusha,
who was another priestess, as non-playable characters.
And in Tales of Symphonia, you could put Priscia in a Klonoa costume.
There's also Shipputen Goku Kaze no Klonoa, which was a really just comedic manga about Klonoa,
who was a kid who wanted to be a superhero.
And really, that's it.
I mean, it's just a fun, fun, fun game.
It's really, really... it can get difficult, because you have to think ahead with the puzzles.
You have to always be keeping your eyes open.
But it does build up in such a way that the learning curve really is a bit more kind.
In fact, I don't know if anyone ever remembers the website I used to have a long time ago.
It was called the Anime and Video Game Alliance.
Yes, this was a long, long time ago.
But one of my banner characters was the picture of Klonoa.
I've liked this game for a very long time.
Definitely a classic, one that I know some of our listeners love.
They love that you picked this tonight.
So there you have it, Klonoa, your classic video game of the week.
Oh, wait, did you play the conversation track?
Yeah, I played it in the background already.
Oh, sorry. Well, if we can go back to the beginning of that one.
I will try, yes.
The other thing I wanted to bring up is that they have sort of a made-up language,
which I tried to see if they were speaking Japanese or something.
And, of course, given the voice actors, it borrows a lot of elements from Japanese, but it's not quite.
It actually reminds me of La La Naya.
Here, watch this.
Gotta go that way.
Boo-rah, jerk.
I got that back, daddy.
Cute.
All right.
But I don't know if I've ever talked about La La Naya before,
but for anyone who was a little kid in the 80s who watched The Great Space Coaster,
it was this walking line that would walk along, and it was done by an Italian illustrator.
And the line drawing would talk to the illustrator and interact with him,
but he spoke sort of a pidgin Italian, and that's what this reminds me of.
So, obscure reference there.
All right.
Klonoa.
Klonoa, your classic game of the week.
We also did Dan and I used to walk around going, wa-roop, just because.
All right.
That's going to do it for Part A of Orange Lounge Radio,
but we will be back in just a little bit with plenty more of Orange Lounge Radio.
We've got more stories to talk about in Part B, some Xbox 360,
some Penny Arcade Expo news we have as well, and plenty more.
So we'll be right back with more of Orange Lounge Radio.
Welcome back, everybody, to Orange Lounge Radio here on this lovely Sunday evening,
April the 26th of 2009.
We do tape live every week on All Games Radio, www.allgames.com,
and then we put out the podcast at some point.
All right.
My name, of course, is Rob Roberts, joining you for this lovely Part B here of Orange Lounge Radio.
Dark Soccer is here as well, Loki, special guests tonight, The Doctor and Rice Princess,
and we've been joined by somebody else.
I thought she was Fart Princess.
Is she Fart?
No, I think she went back to me.
Are you Ice Princess or Fart Princess?
Are you Fart Princess or Rice Princess?
Or are you Great Princess?
She's Rice Princess again.
She's Drunk Princess.
She took some gas acts, so she's now.
Yeah, right now she's Drunk Princess, actually.
We're taking wine tonight.
A lovely, lovely Zinfandel.
It's wine candy.
Yes.
It's wine and belly flop night.
All right.
So we have another guest who joined us part way.
A challenger has arrived.
A new challenger has arrived.
Who is our new person never been on the show before?
This is Mellie Wellie.
Mellie Wellie.
Hello.
Hi, Mellie Wellie.
How are you?
I am good.
I'm not loud enough.
That's all right.
It takes a little getting used to.
You have to practically scream in the microphone to be heard around here, but that's all right.
Quickly, Mellie Wellie, what kind of video games do you enjoy?
I actually enjoy Flash games.
The reason that it took me a while to get here is because I was playing the new Gemcraft
prequel.
Oh, what's Gemcraft?
I've not heard of this.
It's like a tower defense game, but you use gems in the towers, and it's actually really
nerdy, but it's a lot of fun.
Those tower defense games are pretty crazy awesome, though.
There's a big Final Fantasy one right now that's new.
So there you go.
Very cool.
Have you played, what is that, Don't Shit Your Pants?
That's my favorite Flash game as of late.
No.
That's the one I like.
I think I heard you guys talking about it a couple weeks ago, but I haven't had a chance
to play it.
That's the one I reckon it is.
Is that why you're not wearing any right now?
No, there's a Flash game called Don't Shit Your Pants.
What's this, Rice Princess?
You play this every day?
Yes, I play the Don't Shit My Pants game every day, because I successfully don't shit my
pants every day.
I'm talking about the Flash game, Rice Princess.
Not real life.
Oh.
There you go.
All right.
Anyhow, all right.
So yeah, that's a great Flash game.
I recommend that.
And then of course we talked about in part A, you probably missed it because you were
on your way over here, but we were actually talking about some of the old school Sierra
games, like the very first Space Quest and Leisure Suit Larry are now Flash games available
on the internet that you can play somewhere.
I might have to find Leisure Suit Larry.
They have that.
Leisure Suit Larry 1 is playable, so check that out.
All right.
Anyhow, also the chat room is always joining us every week.
Chat.orangelaundry.com.
Dan Shadow in chat.
I just barely beat the first level of the FF Tower defense game.
Yeah, that game's kind of hard, actually.
Let's see.
I Like Old People asks, is Rob actually not wearing any pants?
That's the name.
Why are you laughing?
Yes, it's true.
Rob is not wearing any pants.
No, I am too, wearing pants.
Well, no, you see, because he just got some new Hello Kitty undies, and he's got to show
them off.
Shut up.
Rob is dancing in his panties.
Shut up, all of you.
That's a good chat name.
I like that name.
I like Old People.
Oh, then we still have to get Rob some panties.
I like Old People, too.
In fact, I was very saddened, by the way.
I do want to mention at some point that I'm very saddened to hear about Bea Arthur.
Though, I mean, really, like, really ruined my day yesterday.
I was having a great day, and then I heard, I did a charity walk yesterday morning.
It was great.
I was slightly amused that she was mentioned on the Deadpool bugle, because Deadpool is
obsessed with Bea Arthur.
Too soon.
Too soon.
She was 86.
I know, but she just died.
Show a little respect.
All right.
Anyhow.
I'll tell you what's funny, though.
What?
You missed, because you missed class.
Anyway.
I'm sorry.
She's in my typography class with me.
We were doing brainstorming about doing our play on words thing project that we have coming
up.
And one of the words that came up just by accident was mod, and we started talking about
the TV show just a little bit, and then the next day, dead.
OMG, dead.
That happened with Ricardo Montalban.
We were listening to Montalban, which is our cage match winning song, the night before
and watching the Rich Corinthian leather commercial, and then he died the next day.
Also, that looks like a penis.
Okay.
I think what you're listening to is that secretly Dark Sakura is the grim reaper.
I could very well be.
Are you the grim reaper?
Do you want to find out?
I will reap you with my grim reaping equipment.
I was trying to find the intro to mod on YouTube somewhere so I could actually play it, but
the best thing I could find was I found this here.
No, I found something different.
The family guy one is on there, but I found Rosie O'Donnell singing it.
All right, that's enough.
I'll tell you what, though, here's your B. Arthur trivia for the night.
Oh, God.
The show mod was a spinoff of all in the family.
Yes, it was.
The show Good Times was a spinoff of mod.
There's your trivia.
Really?
Yes.
Now you know.
And knowing is half the battle.
Now I know that...
What was the show with Urkel?
Family Matters was a spinoff of Perfect Strangers.
No.
Full House.
No.
Full House.
No, the mother and...
God damn it.
I will go throw down on this.
Family Matters was the elevator person on Perfect Strangers.
Yeah, and then the Full House baby was on the other show, so shut up.
You shut up.
Maybe they were all related.
All right, anyway.
Hi.
We actually talk about video games, not just ABC Friday Night Lineup.
Hey, we're not talking about food.
That's right, and...
But Rob, it's Friday night, and the mood is right.
Shut up.
I hate you.
Gonna have some fun, show you how it's done.
T-G-I-F.
Okay, what the fuck, Alpha Kinanagram.
Why do you...
Why don't I have a Jamaican accent?
Why do you ask this weird question?
All right, I want to point this out, though.
But this Cleo is not the Reaper.
It's...
But she's not Jamaican.
I have something very important I need to point out, though.
It is not actually T-G-I-F without...
Everybody sing along if you know it.
I only know the chorus.
We have a fast forward.
I don't know this part.
Yes, I want everyone at home to sing it.
Step by step was amazing.
Patrick Duffy and Suzanne Somers.
Dude, Suzanne Somers, the makers of the summer-sized diet.
They did tell the baby what lesbians were.
That was pretty cool.
Step by step, day by day.
God, these intros were epic.
This is a two-minute-long intro for the show.
This is the writers had to put in less...
Oddly enough, that's two minutes longer than my interest in the show.
So, Loki, how about you say...
Loki, video games, so we get sick of TV and we turn on a video game.
Loki, goddamn, save this show, please.
And what would be called the complete opposite of step by step?
There was a new Fallout game announced.
This one will be taking place in New Vegas, or I guess post-apocalyptic Las Vegas, which
we can only expect to be awesome.
And it's apparently not a sequel to Fallout 3, but it's just another game in the Fallout
universe.
In this one, do you start out as a fetus?
Maybe.
I think it's actually going to go through the whole chain of evolution.
You start off as an amoeba.
It's half spore, half Fallout.
Yeah, you have to make your way to the grand.
Well, I mean...
You start out as a baby.
What?
What?
Doctor, we can't hear you if you're not saying it in a mic.
No, it's just because Melanie was shaking her hand, and I was like, oh, but no, but I was
like, no, but you started out as a baby, which I thought was dumb.
A lot of people like the intro to Fallout, that you're a baby, because you can press
a button to make a baby noise over and over.
I wonder if you can press a button to shit.
Shut up.
All right.
For the record, this is the shit show, not the fuck show.
All right, look.
What was I saying?
I don't remember what I was saying, because I'm drinking wine.
Yeah, a new Fallout game.
Obvious.
Hello, hello, Obvious.
Of course this is going to make me fall again.
Sequel, the successive selling game?
Just old.
Yeah.
Is that Final Fantasy XIV coming out some day?
Oh, how about a new Mario game on the Wii?
Oh, maybe a new Zelda game in the works?
I think they're all happening.
Metroid Prime 4, you betcha.
So anyhow.
They need to do Metroid Primal, where Samus is a cat woman.
This is going to be an interesting show, because I haven't eaten much today, so only a little
bit of wine that I'm drinking so far is kind of having an effect.
I had cake.
I want cake.
The cake was not a lie.
It was made deliciously.
Doctor, you keep asking me to take my pants off.
I'm going to do it.
Just you wait.
No!
For the love of God and all that is holy, keep your pants on!
Which in Jamie speak means, please take your pants off right now!
Take off your pants and hide them on your head.
Everyone on the internet, on the entirety of the internet, should be thankful that A,
this is a radio show, and B, that Justin.tv only shows video of our games now.
Aren't you glad you came tonight?
We're in slideshow mode tonight anyway.
Yes it does.
Anyhow.
Oh, Microsoft.
Hi, Microsoft.
Microsoft, with their pants on, had a press conference in Japan this week, and they were
saying, hey, Japan, we didn't forget about you, in fact, we've got 31 games that are
on their way for the Xbox 360 out here, including some big games that you guys are excited about.
Magna Carta 2 in August, End of Eternity, which is a new RPG from Tri-Ace, also Mass
Effect is going to be making its way to Japan on May 21st, and I know that's a long time
since our release of it, but they've translated it apparently for Japan.
Also virtual on Mega Man 9 for Japan in June, Space Invaders Extreme, King of Fighters 2002,
just lots and lots of new games coming out in Japan.
They also added Pachinko to Mass Effect, which is pretty cool, because every game needs Pachinko.
That's a complete lie.
A little Pachinko mini-game.
I thought that was the Wii that had that, Pachinko mini-games.
Alright.
Anyway, so there you go, 31 new games coming to Japan, and with that, 31 more Xboxes sold
in Japan.
That's it.
31?
Mm-hmm.
In a row?
31 flavors, and then some.
Oooh.
Alright.
More news, please.
How about GTA IV?
How about it?
It's, I mean, it's getting...
It stinks!
The peasants are revolting, yeah, they stink on ice.
Anyway.
GTA IV is getting an Xbox 360 Elite bundle.
Get that off my foot.
Sorry.
It's where it landed.
Pass on down.
New cup!
Move down!
Anyway.
And no, we didn't go with the teacups, Rob.
Did I mention Jamie's been drinking, too, so if this show gets really, really random,
I apologize in advance.
And it'll be just me.
The alcohol's gonna be burned off in about five seconds.
True.
It is wine.
Anyway, there is going to be, later this year, a Grand Theft Auto IV bundle that is going
to be for $399, and we have no idea what it's gonna look like.
It's basically just like how there's a new bundle that's been announced this week that's
coming out.
It's got a picture of the games on it.
With, well, that's mocked up, but with Fallout, or not Fallout 3.
Fallout 2 and Halo 3 that's gonna be coming out, they're gonna be doing this kind of every
few weeks.
This one, they're speculating, is gonna come out maybe around the time of the new expansion
for Grand Theft Auto IV, sometime in the fall.
That's actually what I was going to be saying.
Well, you stopped talking, so I didn't know.
My turn.
Go.
I'm done.
All right.
Let me finish!
Let me finish!
Are you finished?
Yeah, I'm finished.
All right, well, something else that's coming out, and this can't be good in any way, because
it's Driver.
Ubisoft has trademarked a new Driver game, and, you know, I'm just, I guess it can't
get worse than, you know, it is already, but it's apparently Driver 5, they recruit, and
assuming that it's coming to the Playstation 3 and Xbox 360, we are recruiting you to play
our shit game.
I hope it's not as bad as all the other Driver games, except for the first one.
The first game was awesome, second one was okay, third just went down into the pooper,
and then the rest just sucked from there on out.
Oh well.
But then again, I kind of want to play it, because I liked how crappy they were.
All right, well, yeah, you liked how crappy the Driver games were, right?
Yes, I actually thought about picking up Driver 3 again, just to play, because it's just that
bad.
How crappy it is.
Yes, I have to remind myself.
All right, sounds good.
Lego Rock Band, we talked about on the show a couple weeks ago that it was rumored, but
fuck, we all knew it was true, and it was finally officially announced, Lego Rock Band
is happening.
It's happening holiday of this year, as it was announced.
Lego Rock Band is going to be coming out on the Playstation 3, the 360, the Wii and the
DS, and there's screenshots to prove it, and yes, it's Lego people in a rock band.
Mid-November.
By the way, some of the songs that will be included in the game, Song 2 by Blur, Carl
Douglas with Kung Fu Fighting, Europe with The Final Countdown, Good Charlotte with Boys
and Girls, and Pink with So What.
So these are kind of like, I guess they're saying more kid-friendly songs, although I
don't know.
Blur.
Pink isn't the most kid-friendly artist in the world, she has some pretty nasty songs,
you know what I mean?
Blur.
You and Your Hand, hello, have you ever heard that song?
Blur.
I know you like Blur, but we don't know yet if you're going to be able to import these
songs into the other games, probably not, if they're trying to keep a kid safe, they're
probably going to keep the game segregated, don't you think?
It's also being published by Warner Brothers, Warner Games, and not EA, so there's another
problem with that too.
I would hope that you'd be able to import them because I would like a little bit of
Kung Fu Fighting or Final Countdown in Rock Band 2, but I don't know.
It doesn't sound bad, if the song list is good, I'd pick it up.
By the way, in this game as well, apparently you're going to be able to collect pieces
in the regular mode where you build cooler vehicles and go to new venues by building
the pieces.
There's an extra easy setting for children, I'm assuming, and apparently there will now
be challenges in this game, you'll be able to destroy a giant robot, summon a storm,
and demolish a skyscraper, all with your drums and guitar and vocals.
Awesome.
It means you battle with the power of rocking out?
Still no word, however, on whether or not it's going to be able, you're going to be
able to do the whole exporting of the songs and all that.
So there you go.
That's it.
I could save the world for the power of my walking out.
Can you now?
Yes.
You want to see?
No, that's okay.
Actually, I can't show anyone because then they'll have to kill you all.
This makes me happy.
This makes my insides quiver with delight.
What am I?
Ew.
I was talking about my liver.
I was talking about my liver.
I think I just burped.
You made my liver quiver.
Hey, Justin TV's complaining it's boring because there's no games going on.
Play something.
Is anyone going to play a video game?
Damn it.
Stop complaining.
Jesus Christ.
Play a goddamn game, Rice Princess.
Play something easy.
It'll keep them entertained.
I can't.
It's all hard.
Irene.
I can try to play a game, but I'm doing the show.
I'm drunk too, so I don't know if...
No, I'm not drunk.
Dr. Mario.
Little buzz.
Just play.
Rob's Wiener.
Don't play Rob's Wiener.
Don't do that.
Hug what?
In lap?
Phone?
What?
Oh my word.
We're translating.
Okay.
Xbox Live Arcade.
Well, SNK people are doing drugs and they're doing happy drugs that make me happy and want
to do drugs...
Wait.
Wrong way.
Anyway.
A game coming out on Xbox Live Arcade, which is called King of Fighters Sky Stage.
Aw.
What are you doing to me?
Stop it.
He's doing a shoulder.
I'm being raped during the show, I want to point out.
Shoulder rape.
I was just raped live on air.
Because you took your pants off.
I did not take my pants off.
Oh, wait, wait, wait.
How many of us are not wearing socks and shoes?
Myself, you and Loki.
Mississippi or G.
Shut up and read your story.
Anyway.
The game is coming out called King of Fighters Sky Stage, which is your King of Fighters
characters flying around and shooting stuff out of their hands.
They're bullets.
They're shooting people.
This article is actually really freaking wrong because this has been done before in a game
called Psychic Storm that I actually have on Turbo Duo.
But yeah, you're flying around and you're shooting shit with the power of your psychoticness.
Or if you're Kyo, then it's fire.
Are we going to see Mai's tits or not?
That's the big question we want to know about this game.
The only characters that I'm seeing in the screenshots here are Kyo and Athena.
And Athena's shooting, it looks like eggs out of her head, like pink and white eggs.
Wow.
She's shooting dots, Dippin' Dots at people.
Kyo is shooting fire.
And as we all know, fire makes everything better.
What are you playing, Rygar?
Out of all the games she could play, she's playing Rygar?
Really?
Really?
Dan was playing Rygar the other day on MAME.
Yeah, that was the cool Rygar was the arcade one.
This one's the...
The tickle monster...
Yeah, you need to be playing Karnov.
No, I'm just kidding.
I actually really like Rygar.
I'm just kidding.
Hey, just stop tickling me on air!
It's not funny!
Leave me alone.
Rob.
Alright, what?
Rob.
What?
Rob.
Rob.
What?
Rob.
Stop it.
Bob.
Bob.
What?
Do you know what a crappy show this is tonight?
Because you holler not to get on top of it.
This is an awesome show!
This is a poopy show.
It's only poopy if you take off your pants.
I swear to God, one more time and the pants are coming off.
Irene is not shitting her pants.
Rob.
Rob.
Rob.
Rob.
Rob.
Rob.
Rob.
Rob.
Rob.
Rob.
Rob.
Rob.
Rob.
Rob.
Rob.
Rob.
Well, that's my sort of stupid story.
Do you have one?
I know.
Loki, please save the show.
Yes.
Muramasa Demon Blade lost its publisher earlier this week.
Which is not good.
But at least it picked up a new one.
And that new publisher would be Ignition Entertainment.
However, because the publisher changed, the game will now be coming out in September instead
of June.
But hey, at least it's still coming out.
And it's actually kind of fun.
I wish I knew what was going on. So English might help with that.
English is useful. It is useful.
Is this the same game you had here a couple weeks ago?
Yes. And I thought it was like coming out like next week
or something. It already had to get pushed back because of that? No, it wasn't coming out like next week
it was coming out in June originally.
But yeah. So it came out in Japan already.
Alright. A game that has not come out yet is Street Fighter 4.
On the PC, not the consoles obviously, but
Street Fighter 4 has not made its way to the PC just yet. Apparently there is a PC version
in the works. You've probably heard about it before. Apparently the game is actually
going to be bundled with fighting sticks. Maybe. They haven't said one way or the other if it will
for sure or not yet. However, it has been announced on the official Japanese
Street Fighter 4 blog that they will be announcing the PC version's release
date on May 1st. So yes, I am reporting
an announcement of an announcement of a game that's already out.
I mean really. Really. I'm blinking audibly
but the mic can't be picked up.
Is it really worth this much hype for the PC version of the game?
Don't get me wrong. I understand there are some PC gamers. Street Fighter 4 is a great game.
There is an audience of people very happy about this. But really, we need a release date
for a release date. Come on. Get off your high horse
Capcom. Just tell us the date. Just tell us the date.
Stop making people wait.
Articles like this make me angry and when I get angry, naughty music plays
and it brings on a segment called The Effies of the Week.
Music plays
I do want to point out Leo Shannon in the chat makes a good point. If Street Fighter 4 is out
on the PC, nude mods. That might be worth it. Alright, DarkSakura
your Effies of the Week.
I'm attracted to being way too much from Disney. I have way too much shit to do.
Fair enough. Way too much shit to do. All before Friday.
Uh, Loki. I'm Fe2, the squirrel
that is bothering my cat because the squirrel has figured out
that we have bird seed on the porch and so I decided to try
to dig out all the sunflower seeds that are in there and my cat
can't get to it so it frustrates the hell out of her.
I put more bird seed on the porch. But it's still funny.
But yeah, since she can't give an F.U. because she's a cat
F.U. bird seed. Meow meow meow meow meow meow. Exactly. Meow meow
Meow. Uh, my F.U. of the week goes to
this program. Belly Belly, what's your
F.U. of the week? My F.U. of the week goes to going to a celebration
party, getting really stupid and doing something really stupid.
That's never fun when we wake up in the morning and go, that was
stupid. Uh, Rice Princess
the doctor, do you have any F.U.s? Come over here and say them on the mic.
F.U. Rob for not being pantless.
Uh, yes Rice Princess. F.U.
is shitting in your pants. That can be
a day ruiner right there. Alright. Good lord.
Let's try to change the tune of the show a little bit
by going on into a classier segment, I hope. Because it's the part
where we let the listeners take over for a little bit and direct the show with their emails.
Mailbag at OrangeLoungeRadio.com is the place to send those emails.
Dark Soccer is going to open up the mailbag and jump on in and
hear from you guys, the listeners. Then I'll need a ton
of sanitizer. Oh my god. Anyway, first email.
This comes from Rini.
This is to chime in briefly on the recent feature they should have put
on the DSI that would have made Rob buy a DSI. Loki commented
that the music player sucks because it only supports AAC. In reality
AAC is superior to MP3. AAC's main strength is that it
can achieve the same quality of sound that MP3 would have at higher bit rates and
smaller file sizes. The whole albums in MP3 will decrease in megabytes when
they're converted to AAC. If there's something to bitch about
DSI sound, it's that it really
accepts M4A, MP4, and 3GP files
because they're the container for the AAC audio. For what it does
the DSI music player is actually competent feature-wise for a basic music player.
There's no real playlist function, but who uses those on a portable
device? I have an iPhone. Just to
put this out there and not really make a big deal out of it, for anyone undecided on purchasing
a DSI, take it from someone who owns one. You're buying into potential.
I'm sure there's tons of things that Nintendo can do and I'm hoping they'll
go through with some of the nearly 40 trademarks that were discovered
shortly after the Japanese unveiling. I'll link that later.
But if you need a GBA slot
and don't want the fancy crap, get a light. The camera is shit. The browser is a
last resort, but the DSI shop sounds great and
I want to see what developers can do with the upgraded processor, larger memory,
and the camera for gamers.
There's also more. There's a PS.
I apologize. I'm still not sold. I mean, we need to see more.
PS. Warriorware snapped is an insult both as a game and to the series.
Don't spend 500 points free or bought on a game. You'll only play once.
I didn't. PPS. Skye, when the next class
update for Team Fortress 2 comes out, you're getting my invite for a free weekend.
Team Fortress 2 has classes attuned to your play style, can't aim for shit,
or maybe you've bought the orange box for $10 from Steam's weekend sale. And it's today.
I wish I had. No, I already have Portal. That was the game I wanted most in there.
I suck at Team Fortress.
That's why you get the special classes. We'll see.
I'm just really horrible at first-person shooters. Words do not do my
suckage justice, if that makes sense.
Unless you don't want to throw up every time you play one. That would be me.
Or even watch someone play one shoot. More email.
Hi, LLR! Hi, happy listener.
I just thought I'd mention a few things. First off, there was a glaring error in the email
I sent you last week, specifically in regards to some of the Capcom games
with PSN. I had mistakenly said SNK vs. Capcom 2
instead of Marvel vs. Capcom. To my credit,
once I did catch the error, I left you a voice message, but I guess the message was overlooked accidentally.
I don't do the voicemail, so whatever.
I just want to correct that bit of news
for a fellow listener's sake more than anything else.
By the way, if you three haven't already, try picking up Sonic's Ultimate Genesis collection.
Yes, I have it. I picked it up a few weeks ago, partially due to Bobby Blackwell's recommendation.
In a nutshell, it's 40 games for 30 bucks. You really can't get much better than that
unless Sega pays us to take their games. Sarcasm.
If I had to recommend one version
over another, I'd have to pick the PS3 version, although fundamentally the same.
The 360 already has many of the games within the collection on the Xbox Live Arcade.
Nods are most of us have at least some of them.
How about multiple copies of each?
Really, there's no sense in getting two copies of the game for the same system.
Yeah, there is. As with the PS3 version, this marks the first time
some of these games make an appearance, plus they have trophy support.
Let's face it, Sony really needs to ramp up trophy support.
I'm sorry, typos are...
Only downside to either version is that neither would have online co-op.
It's not a deal breaker by any means, but it would have been a nice feature nonetheless.
Sorry this email ran so long, I'll try to keep future ones a tad shorter.
This email was brought to you by your local 7-11, home of the Street Date Broken Games,
20 year old hot dogs, Slurpees, back galley crack dealers, and hookers.
Who is this from? It's from Spazinator. Hi, Spazinator.
Dude, I don't want a hooker. 7-11 is pretty awesome, actually.
Just so I can smack one. Slurpees are amazing. Just so I can smack a bitch.
Anyway, last email. This is from
Jacob.
Hey, OLR. I have not been in chat or called in before, but I have been
a regular podcast listener for a couple of years now. The show gives me some laughs
and a decent update on the gaming world. I wish I could game more like I used to,
but life demands a great deal of time. Oh fuck, yes it does. Preach. Truth.
But I do try to keep up with some games that interest me.
Mirror's Edge was a great concept, but way too short. I'm sick and tired of
shooters and have been playing Street Fighter IV. Dead Space was
made precisely for me, and
I fell in love with it instantly. Do you guys think EA will let the
team give it a sequel? I really like Gears and constantly wonder why the
OLR team bashes it. I don't think I've bashed it. I just don't care about it.
I would say I bashed it. I respect the game, but I am terrible
at first person shooters, so that's why you don't hear me talk about it much. I think
I might have said something on a previous show where I just didn't get that into it, and I think the reason
why is just, you know, I was not a big fan of the whole cover, because
I'm only decent at first person shooters like Quake Live or Quake 3, where
I can just run out there like a crazy motherfucker and just blow away everybody.
But Gears of War is all about the stealth and hiding and cover, and I get that
if you're a shooting game fan. I get why that's alluring. I get the strategy
involved in that. I get where the game is there. It's just not for me, because I suck
at first person shooters really bad.
Thank you, Jacob.
I'm gonna make the same recommendation I do to a lot of people at 360.
Rez. Rez. Rez, especially if you're like a, you know,
kind of like a motion game that's always moving. I think Rez is, like, you know, you want
an outside the box type of game, I think Rez is a good start. If you don't already have it.
There's also plenty to download. Like, I mean, if you want to go old school, you do have Castlevania
Symphony of the Night, and you've also got,
I haven't played it, but I know a lot of people recommend Braid.
I like Braid a lot. I definitely recommend Braid. But, you know, that's kind of, like, if he hasn't already got that,
if he's been listening to this show any amount of time or following the game blogs, as he probably does,
I'd be very surprised if he doesn't have that. Well, just to follow up, did you actually read the list
of, to the earlier email, did you read the list of
DSI
patents? Not the full list, no. Oh, lord.
There's quite a number of these. There's actually a trademark for 3D Picross.
You already have that.
That's already out. Is it? DS Navi, DS Phone, DS Plus,
DS Point, DS School, DS Speak, DS Shop, DS Shopping, DS Trainer,
DS Time, DS Walk. That doesn't mean they're making all these things. I know, but I just think it's funny.
Protecting their rights, you know what I mean? I think it's funny.
Just what they, it's gotta be that they have some ideas for it.
One of them is DSI Sushine, which is DSI communication.
So, I think it'd be cool.
Alright, well if you want to send us a mail, email, sorry, mailbag at Orangelaunchradio.com is the place to send
us our mail. Mailbag, Orangelaunchradio.com. I hope we hear from you next week.
But please stop sending spam. Christ, we have to clean up so much
spam out of that box. In my personal box. I have so much spam.
Spam needs to die in a fire. I love Shadowgate, by the way, which is the game that's
I don't even know if Justin.TV's working anymore. I kind of suck at Shadowgate.
This is the game that Eddie's playing right now. Good times. Do you have to go in the door and everything's on fire?
Alright. Well,
there's some interesting, we knew this was coming, but
it's getting more official day by day. The court has approved the Square Enix
bio of Eidos. So, assume we'll have
Square, Square Enix, or
I don't know how to, too many companies to combine together.
Squito, Squinodos.
Squitodox, there we go.
But anyway, so that's actually supposed to be happening pretty soon here.
That's neat, I guess.
Maybe we'll see some better games come out from them.
Maybe Tomb Raider. What has Eidos done for us lately? I
say, fuck them. Tomb Raider.
What has Eidos done for us lately? I say, fuck them.
We need a new cute name for them, though. Squinixdos.
Squinodos. Squinodos.
Okay. Well, they also own Taito, so. Squinodos Taito.
I don't, this is getting too... Taito!
Squitox. Just call it Square. Square Idots. Square and Friends.
I like that. Square and Friends. I like that.
This Square is a lie. Well, alright, I don't know if, you might have to think of a name for this merger,
but apparently, Warner Brothers Interactive is contemplating
a purchase of Midway, which as you know, has just been hemorrhaging money
and they're in the news every week about how just, you know, in crappy shape the company is
in. We'll call that a clusterfuck. Those poor guys. Warner, by the way, lost
the Eidos bid to Squinix, so Warner apparently is
now looking at possibly picking up Midway. It's an anonymous source, it's tipping
that's leaked to all these blogs. Warner is pretty confident that they will get Midway.
They are ready to put the money on the table. Possibly the whole
30 million bucks to pick up Mortal Kombat and stuff,
I guess. I don't know what else Midway's got, besides
their pretty cool collections and things.
That's what they get. They could be making, you know,
instead of, well, not pinball tables because Williams abandoned us, the bastards,
but they could be making, you know, tons of slot machines, but no.
What if that means we'll have a
Mortal Kombat vs. DC 2? Ooh. Because doesn't Warner
and DC kind of have a thingy? Yeah, Warner Brothers. There you go.
We'll see. Moving on, a little more news, then we're going to get to the
Skype line in just a little bit. Well, how about
something that should make everyone happy?
PAX details! And everyone said yay!
Yay, I hope I can afford it this year. September 4th,
in Seattle, we will be having PAX, and they are going
to have over 60 exhibitors. That means, again, Microsoft,
Nintendo, Valve, Blizzard. Sony isn't on the list,
and who cares? They weren't there last year. Oh no, they were there last year.
That's right, that was the first time we played LittleBigPlanet. That's interesting, they're not on the list
yet. Also, they're going to
have Freezepop, Jonathan Colton, yay!
Would you have to do another MySpace photo? So we're all the same shit as last year?
Well, some different people. There's MC Frontalot, of course.
Anamanaguchi, who was there last year, Metroid Metal, and
Paul and Storm. So not everyone there is listed, but...
Like, four of those bands were all there last year, which is fine. They're all great.
Don't get me wrong, it's all great bands. This time, I'm going to go see Jonathan Colton, and none of you can
stop me. Alright, you go on with your bad self.
Because he's awesome!
He has cool hair. I hope we can afford to go to PAX, we'll see though. E3 is coming up
though. By the way, OLR will be at E3. At least myself
and Loki, DarkSakuras, and maybe at this point, but we're all confirmed. I'm broke, so if someone was to pay, then I'll go.
Well, good luck. We're all broke.
But E3... I already got my confirmation and my tickets
and my stuff, all booked. You got your ticket? Oh, like flight tickets?
I have my flight, I've got my Disneyland, shit, I'm ready to go.
You're good to go. Ready to rock.
So, let's see. There's some interesting stuff going down with
Gamefly. Apparently, they are filing suit
against the United States Postal Service over breakage rates
and preferential treatment. Their complaint is that
basically the USPS has adapted a new practice
of manually pulling out the DVD mailers of both
Netflix and Blockbuster online for special processing.
However, Gamefly has tried to get the same kind of treatment, but it has been denied.
And also, they've noticed that there's
quite a bit of in-transit breakage and also theft.
And they're not too happy about that. And they've actually tried to take some
measures to fix that. I wonder if the Postal Service is hiring.
Change the color of their mailers and stuff like that, but
it's still a problem. What color are their
mailers? Are they bright neon green and orange? They used to be orange, and now they're white.
No wonder they stick out, you know? Well, they're probably trying to save money
on the ink. I'm surprised Netflix doesn't have the same problems with those
very distinctive red envelopes. I'm sure they do, but games are more valuable than
movies. Would you steal games if you worked for the Postal Service?
If I wanted to be fired and arrested, yeah.
Just curious. I didn't know you should. No, I probably wouldn't, because
you know, it's too easy to find them online.
Alright, hey, we've talked a little bit about DJ Games coming out later this year.
Of course, with the whole dispute going on with Scratch and DJ Hero. There's a
DS game, actually, that's going to be incorporating DJing that's come out.
It's coming from a French developer called Game Life. They have just announced a game this week called
DJ Star, and it's coming out this year for the Nintendo DS.
It's going to be published by Deep Silver in Europe and Australia, and in this game you're going to start
as a DJ, and you gain experience, and you start as a lowly club DJ, and
finally you go stadiums with tons and tons of people. You are going to mix
over 40 famous tracks in different genres, and you can actually save
your creations on the DS card, and you can trade your creations with
your friends on wireless communications. It's also coming out over here also
by Deep Silver in July. It was supposed to be coming out in two weeks,
which sucks, but, you know, now, later on.
Interesting. I'd be curious to check this out. I want to hear more about it
and what the game is in it, because I didn't hear a lot about what the game is. It's just that you can
mix stuff. Well, what's the game? That's what I kind of want to know right now.
It's hard to tell. We'll see.
Anyway, a few more stories, then we're going to get to our Skype line at 1-877-GAME-OLR
our username on Skype, OrangeLoungeRadio. XLink would like to point out
that the penalty for stealing mail is up to five years in jail and a $250,000
fine. I didn't say you should steal mail. I was just curious if, you know,
people apparently are getting away with it. So, yep.
Let's move on. DarkSakura. Um, do you want a gun?
Not really, because I'm one of those people that I'm afraid if I had a gun in my house, I'd shoot myself with it
somehow. Like, I'm seriously deathly afraid that if a gun is in my house
I will be killed with it. That's why you need to take gun safety courses. No, but I don't,
that doesn't necessarily mean I will be the one killing myself with the gun. I would like to think I'm not
that stupid, where I'm like, oh, gee, I need to get out my gun and dust it.
La la la, dust the gun. Ooh, fuck, I just shot myself in the face. Dust it with live ammo in it.
That's kinda retarded. I just feel like I'm, I'm, I'm the stupid
person that would do that. Or that I'm also paranoid if I had a gun in my house and somebody would break into my house
know where my gun is and shoot me with it. Like, I'm just, I know it's my, probably an irrational fear
I have a fear of a gun in my house. I was actually just trying to say that as a lead into the story.
Sorry, I'm buzzed.
Anyway, um, a, uh, a middle school kid
brought in a gun and caused, um, the
school to be locked down, but you know what he brought it for? He brought it to trade
for PSP. Sure, trade for PSP, rob for
PSP, it's all the same. He swiped it out of his, um, dad's collection, the gun
was unloaded, but he did bring ammo with him, and he was gonna trade it.
Um, so, also his dad said a second gun was missing
and the kid's locked up in juvie right now, so, stupid child.
Um, how did he get the gun? Stupid father. I was gonna say,
is it just, I mean, the parent's slightly depraved in your shoes. You leave this shit locked up!
First, okay, first of all, if you're going to have
a gun in your house, if you're going to have multiple guns, that's why you have a gun locker.
That's why you make sure they are always unloaded,
clean, with the safety on, and locked up in your damn gun locker, and if you
keep a loaded gun by your desk, you make sure the safety's on. And I just wanna say,
even though I have my rant that I will not have a gun in my house, that doesn't mean
that somebody else can't have a gun in their house. There is a, like, this thing called the
Tonsitution that allows you to have a gun in your house if you want.
The Tonsitution? The Tonsitution, is that what I call it? Shut up!
Look, my point is, you can have a gun in your house if you want,
I choose to not have one in mine, and I'm allowed that choice.
By the Tonsitution. I, by the way, do still think
that Penn and Teller said it best, that you take every woman in America
and give them each a pink gun, and it's pink because they said so,
and then it doesn't matter if they keep it, give it away, whatever, no one's gonna know
who has the gun, and it'll make a safer society.
Make guns that match handbags, yeah,
perfect. Actually, I wanna have a gun. I really want a gun, but I would,
but because you can't have a concealed weapon, I would wear it on a holster.
Just everywhere you go, don't bring it here.
I'd leave it in my car. Oh yeah, you can leave it in the car, there's no money in my house.
Because I would be afraid, I would be shot with it. Like during a break or something, like you'd trip and fall and the gun would go off
and shoot me in the foot, like I just, I have these horrible, hey Rob,
look at me juggle these guns! Exactly!
Like, Loki would be like, can I touch your gun, Dark Sakura?
Bang! Shoot me in the face. Let me throw the gun at Rob, and hopefully it'll go off
and shoot him. First of all, if I had a gun, I would not
just... Ooh, look at my gun! Ooh!
Look at this, it's loaded and everything, I'm gonna look down the barrel, rah!
Why don't you put it in your mouth? My gun would be pink, my gun would be black and
hot rod red. Ho ho, I'm Kurt Cobain.
Like, I think I should, like, you know how some people are afraid of water, some people
are afraid of heights? People are seriously
afraid of water! People with green skin named Alfalo. We all have a friend that's
afraid of water, like, swimming type water, and that type of stuff.
No, but I mean, like, being surrounded by water, not drinking water,
bodies of water, oh god, you guys are jerks. Alright, no, I'm talking about, I think I
seriously have a fear of guns, being pointed at me.
That's probably a rational fear, but it's actually
a rational fear. No, I think it's irrational, I think
that it's paranoid. It is! First of all, I'll tell you this right now, Rob, if you've
got someone who has a gun, who is, who
knows how to use it, and knows how to take care of it, you are not in any
danger. I don't even want a chocolate gun, like that's...
God, you're a baby!
You're just now learning this? No, but I like saying it.
I'll bring a chocolate gun into your house and it'll shoot you.
It'll shoot you with yummy! You'll get shot with tastiness.
I don't even like water guns.
I'm not joking, I don't even like water guns. Rob, you would have, you would have hated
you would have hated my Jill Valentine costume for Resident Evil.
I had the Resident Evil one and I carried around two very
realistic looking uzis. SH2100Matt says, so wait,
was Rob freaked out when Loki brought his airsofts to the studio? Um...
Ah! Ah! Kinda, actually, like, when he
raises them up, I do get a little nervous. Yes, I don't want to get shot in the ass.
Why do you think I don't go out to play? It doesn't hurt that bad!
I don't like, why do you think I haven't gone out to play? I'm just gonna come in and shoot
him one of these days so he can see, he can see how not bad it is. Why would you do that?
That's it. Don't shoot Rob!
Remember kids, don't shoot Rob. Rob is food. Shoot me in a
video game all you want, because I know the difference. That's it, that's it. Next week, Nerf battle.
This is not Nerf battle. This is not Nerf battle. Get Rob
over the gun thing by shooting him with everything you can find.
That is just gonna make it worse. For the
record. Okay, no,
I say I'll bring a Nerf gatling gun and shoot Rob
in the ass. They have those. I know, I saw it, I wanted one.
I have a Nerf revolver.
Okay, I have to ask, I'm sorry, chat room, I haven't read from chat in a while and of course they're all
teasing me right now, but what I want to know, am I,
somebody in chat has to understand what I'm saying about guns.
Like is somebody in chat willing to admit that they have a gun fear as well?
Please, somebody. Just make it up so I don't feel so bad.
I'll tell you what, I'll tell you what my thing about the gun safety
hysteria is, is that I think that the gun safety
hysteria is bullshit, plain out bullshit.
I think that
people, if you were in an area where
it is listed in big labels that no one there is gonna be able
to protect themselves, we know what that says to a criminal mind,
fair fucking game. If you were in a place where you
know that anyone could be armed, are you gonna really try something
unless you're phenomenally stupid? That's what I have to,
people are phenomenally stupid, and if someone breaks into my house
they deserve to get their ass shot. End of story.
Maybe it's not guns I have a problem with, because like Cuzar is a lot of fun.
It's projectiles I have a problem with, I don't like projectiles.
I would not like that either, no. What if I had rocks?
Can I read some comments from chat?
Xlink says I have a gun fear, that is why I have a gun.
Digital says everyone fears guns, sir.
Brad says I don't owe one because I'm too damn hot headed.
I like old people says yes Rob you are a pussy, well meow meow meow.
Decipher says I hate guns.
Reisman says you gotta say this over here, because we can't hear you otherwise.
Someone's afraid of guns
so he has a gun? If you're afraid of being shot with one you shoot
before you get shot. That could be it, I could see that. I mean, but I'll tell you what
the whole rationale, and see honestly, if you don't feel comfortable
with a gun, don't have one. You live in America, that's your fucking right.
Shake your hand ma'am, I'm with you on that, yes.
At the same time, if you feel that you either want a gun
or feel like you need to protect yourself, say that you live in a dangerous neighborhood,
but say you've been living there for, like those older people who live in what was once a nice neighborhood
that's gone downhill, who want to have some means of protecting
themselves, then you can protect yourself.
For example, I know a lot of women who carry a gun
because, I mean let's face it, on a general level
physically, men for the most part are stronger
physically again than a woman, unless she's a
black belt and can kick him in the face. But still, you have to deal
with, it's the great equalizer.
I think that as long as
you, as long as you feel
that you want to
have a gun, you know, and of course live in America,
get a gun, but make damn sure you know how to use it, make damn
sure you know how to keep it safe, and make really sure that your kids can't
get to it. I'm going to get a phaser. Dude, phasers are awesome.
Always set on stun, and a light saber, but that
wait, that can kill people, no just a phaser. And by the way,
act deft, that's the second amendment, well first amendment is, yeah
you have a voice to use it, second amendment is, god damn it, we can have guns if we fucking want them.
S.S.A. I want to hear Matt ask, what about a marshmallow gun?
Act deft says the OLR constitution second amendment
don't shoot wrong. Yeah don't, I like that, that should actually be rule number
one. Here's the thing, even the marshmallow gun, like it depends on what
speed the marshmallows are traveling at, like if it's very slow speed, I'm okay with that because
they're going to open my mouth, but if they're flying really fast, it could actually like, you know,
kind of spank my butt a little bit if they hit me in the ass, I don't think I'd
like that. You can spank my butt all you want, just
don't do it with a fucking gun. Rob
does not want to get pistol whipped in the ass. Okay, okay,
we really are though. What happened to video games? I don't know, we were talking about
we were talking about why the, I think it was because it was talking
about why the butt head dad didn't have his guns locked up.
So let's get back to video games, but
speaking of the PSP,
which we were talking about a while ago, they've added a new
firmware to the PSP, 5.5, other than
breaking homebrew stuff if you, you know, want to upgrade or whatever,
it will also allow you to have a few other things, including the
information board, which is already available right now on the Playstation 3 cross-media bar,
and also they're going to add some internet security, if you happen to
be a little kid, you can use the Trend micro security
to block certain websites, and also filter out other
things as well, including all that nasty porno, because
the PSP is a gateway to porn. What if I want all that nasty porno? Well then
don't enable the optional security. Oh, okay.
So, and then also you'll be able to do an internet search for games directly
from the cross-media bar as well, and they've included some memory stick improvements, including
your ability to be able to create and access sub-folders
on your Memory Stick Pro Duo for music, videos, and photos, which is awesome.
Because, you know, folders
make things nice and neat for all that porn that's on there.
Is this what you're using your PSP for, is porn?
Porn and RiftTrax audio samples.
Nice. Oh, I'm so sad I missed the last little RiftTrax thing.
Oh, it was awesome. Are you doing it again this week? Maybe I'll come. Uh, probably not this week, but we'll
find a new one. Sad. Alright, well anyhow. Yes, Twilight is
made much better with people making fun of it. I have not yet seen Twilight.
Line. Anyhow, one more story for you guys,
and then we are going to open up the Skype line. I'm almost a little afraid to open it up tonight,
but we are going to open it up at 1877 Game OLR, username on Skype,
Orange Lounge Radio, and this has to do with something else that's kind of related to the PlayStation Portable.
It's about Skype, because you guys are going to be calling us on Skype soon. But it actually is not about
the PSP. It's about the DS.
You see, a Skype representative was recently speaking to the blog
TechRadar. I almost said TechRadar, but it's TechRadar. Apparently,
the technical possibility to have Skype on the DS is there.
It's just not planned. The exact comment, quote, whilst we can't comment on
any future plans to bring Skype. Oh my.
Oh my god. We have had butts
black. Wow, we just had a huge accident in studio.
What the fuck? The doctor
just got shot. What the fuck? He fell on his tailbone, shoving
his spine through his trachea. Who brought the gun into my house?
All over Irene. Alright, no. Oddly enough,
his blood is rainbow colored. Doctor, could you please explain what just happened to cause
such chaos? No, I just thought... Did I forget where the chair
was? She moved the chair when he got up. Did she really do that old
prank where the doctor went to sit down and Rice Princess pulled the chair back?
Yes. Oh my god.
It's because you unplugged your
controller.
I just... Can we just...
Awesome.
I know. I'm so done with this show. Alright.
What was I gonna say about... Oh yeah.
Quote, whilst we can't comment on any future plans to bring Skype to
Nintendo's DSi, it would technically be possible. There it is.
It's not gonna happen. Yeah, it's not gonna happen because Nintendo wants to do
their own proprietary thing, I bet. They were already showing it... Shut up.
They were already showing it a couple years ago at E3.
Which means they'll never... Well, that was the whole... They have voice chat in other games.
You know, this is a tech demo, but I don't think they're gonna ever do Skype.
Well, if you feel so terrible, why did you
pull the chair away?
If I had a gun, I would shoot you in the foot right now.
That's what I would do. No, you're right. I was scared of the gun.
I'd be afraid that the gun would suddenly point at me while I'm trying to pull the chair. I'll shoot you in the face of the marshmallow
spade gray.
Alright. I'm... Fuck it.
We're opening the Skype line. 1877 game O-L-R. Our username on Skype is
OrangeLoungeRadio. Hi, you're on OrangeLoungeRadio. Who's this?
Hi, Legend of Zaku. Hi, Legend of Zaku. What's on your mind? Planet Chaos, may you help us?
Nothing much, just chilling tonight, just trying to bear the stifling
heat in New York City. We've had a weird weather week in California
as well. It was like super duper hot one day, and then it was rainy and cold the next, and now it's
hot again. Go figure. I don't get it. Yeah, apparently it was like 90 degrees.
But yeah, just trying to snag some
other deals, like the orange box for 10 bucks. Finally, I got that shit.
What an awesome deal that was. Hold on. I have to read this comment in chat real quick, because it's
funny. SSJ100Matt says, Irene is now Jerk Princess.
There we go. Yay, Jerk Princess. Alright, I'm sorry, Zaku. So, yes,
orange box is $10. It's the deal everyone's been talking about this weekend.
Did you pick it up? I just picked it up
like, what, 15, 20, like half an hour ago. I've
yet to download it yet, but hopefully I'll be doing that tonight or tomorrow.
Just waiting to see whether or not the SS's job of mine will actually extend.
Well, so you've been working recently. Good for you. Congrats.
Well, working temporarily, but you know, working for Uncle Sam for that time being.
But yeah, besides buying orange box, I just indulged in
DJ Max Technica location test today up in
New Rochelle, not far from the Bronx. Tell us a little bit about DJ Max
and the arcade for those that don't know much about it. Let's just put it this way.
It's really hard to pick up, especially if you've been playing a lot of rhythm
games. Unless you have a lead beat agents experience,
it's going to be really hard to match the touching and everything.
The whole aspect of the game is quickly forward.
It took me a while to just pick it up, but then most of the time it was just
failing the harder songs, because then when you touch certain things, you have to
make sure you either touch it on that
note right there on the screen, or you've just got to tap it
a few times to the beat, follow the curse around.
It's basically a bigger,
it's a larger version of a lead beat agents. Put it that way.
Interesting. I know you're a big fan of the Beatmania series
and Beatmania 2DS. How does it compare to Beatmania for you?
It's kind of different. I don't think it compares. It's just more like instead of using keys,
actually hard keys, it's more using a lot more fingers.
The fact that you have to touch
every part of the screen wherever you have to.
It's kind of like how Konami is doing with that game.
The fact that you have to touch the screen
to hit the notes, instead of having to hit a particular key on the screen.
I know it's completely foreign, as I said.
It takes a while for certain players to pick it up. I know I basically
pissed away six bucks on that game at $1.50 a game.
It was as much as I could today.
I got to do it again, seriously.
Anything else you want to share with our listeners before we move on to another call?
Dynasty Warriors, Gundam 2, get it. I don't care what they say, just get it now.
It's a lot better than the first one, multiplayer.
Thank you so much, Zaku, for the call. Take care, buddy.
Alright, if you want to give us a call, 1-877-GAME-OLR. Our username on Skype is
OrangeLoungeRadio. Hi, you're on OrangeLoungeRadio. Who's this?
Hello, OrangeLoungeRadio. This is the guy that hopes Comcast is going to let him stay on the stream long enough.
Well, welcome. I'm glad to see your audio is working tonight, too, Jason.
I know you've been a long time listener to the show. Tonight's been a little crazy, hasn't it?
No worse than I've heard before.
Two quick things before the actual question.
The new Dragon Ball game and the releases. Do you know that Dragon Ball Z is being re-released
as a series in Japan? No, I did not know that.
Well, that makes a ton of sense. It's freaking classic.
Is it being re-related? Yeah, but everything is a classic, and they're not re-releasing everything.
At any rate, Fullmetal Alchemist is being re-released as Fullmetal Alchemist Brotherhood.
Dragon Ball Z is being re-released as Dragon Ball Kai.
They both started at the start of April, and
both of them are a re-released series that are supposed to be more
closer in story to the manga.
Are they re-animated? To an extent, yeah.
It's done like the Evangelion movies that are coming out, right?
I have no idea. Well, with the Evangelion movies, they're pulled a lot of original
footage and then added a new animation. I don't know about Dragon Ball Kai,
but you can watch Fullmetal Alchemist Brotherhood at
Funimation is broadcasting that subbed.
Nice! Rama is saying re-released in HD with extra footage.
Do you want? I don't know about Kai, but Fullmetal Alchemist.com
has links. I've been meaning to watch it, I just haven't had the time.
Random ask question, does this have anything to do with the recent Dragon Ball Z movie
that came out to theaters? I don't think so, and I sure as hell hope not,
because the movie looks like an absolute travesty, but then again, I never liked Dragon Ball.
I have to say, I was one of the people that had
fifth generation fan subs of Cell Game and everything.
I will say, Dragon Ball Z on the Super Nintendo was the first import
game I ever played, because they actually had a little place around here,
an independent movie store before Blockbuster
and Hollywood kind of stomped everything out that used to rent import games.
It was kind of crazy. Anyway, I'm sorry Jason, what was your question?
One more quick thing. WarioWare myself, let me guess,
you play WarioWare games with yourself using the DSI camera? I think it is the exact
same DSI game that we've already got over here, I'm fairly certain.
I don't know for sure. The real question,
I know that the only classic Sierra games I've played have been Space Quest,
I've seen bits and pieces of King's Quest, but that's been about it.
Why does the name Sarian sound so familiar? I know it's in the title, like Space Quest
1 was the Sarian encounter, was that a race or something in that series?
I'm assuming it's a race in the game.
I'm sure they named the website after something that you see in one of those games.
Yeah, I should go look at it, because that name is so familiar, but I just don't remember it
from the series. But then again, it's also been upwards of five or six years since I've played it.
I remember seeing the news about Sarian.net
and I thought it was awesome, I still have yet to check it out. Again, the whole
not enough time thing. Just want to point out the subtitle of the original Space Quest
game is Space Quest the Sarian Encounter. Yeah, and I think I've heard it
in a few other places throughout the series. I beat Space Quest 1,
the VGA remake, but I don't know, I just don't remember it.
I've mentioned a lot how interfaces like Home on the PS3
don't work, because they're just an interface and there's nothing to do.
But whatever they did to put the applications in
Sarian.net sounds absolutely amazing. I mean, yeah
it's the next step up of what Xbox Live is right now
with the partying and all of that kind of stuff. Where even if you're not actually playing the game
you can be around and congregate and do whatever
in a game interface that's, I guess, familiar assuming you've actually
played the game before.
Space Quest, not so much. Leisure Suit Larry and King's Quest, yes, tons.
I've played every single King's Quest game.
And I've played every single Space Quest game. Oh, funny.
Alright, well Jason, we've got to wrap up to get some more
calls. Do you have any other quick thoughts? You talk too fast
sometimes. I'm sorry, do you have any other quick, do you have any
other quick thoughts for our listener? That's the second time I've been told that this week.
It's my nature. Yeah, it is. But you're clear in your
speaking so it's not a bad thing. I know, I'm like the Micro Machines dude.
Alright, see you later Jason, thanks for the call.
John Machido. Bye. Is that his name? Yeah. Yeah, I guess I'm like that guy. Maybe I should
addition to be the Micro Machines. See, I do trip up on my words sometimes though and I talk really fast.
I think it would be easier if I was actually reading from a script.
Hi, you're on Orange Launch Radio, who's this?
Hello, you're on Orange Launch Radio, who's this? Oh, hey
guys, what's up? This is Dan Shadow. Hey, Dan Shadow, what is on your mind? Greetings and
celebrations. Greetings, I don't think we've had you on the show before. What's on your mind?
Oh, shoot, nothing much. Hey, you guys were just talking about the guns and all the fun
stuff and you made me think of this Penny Arcade
comic that came out recently making fun of Rock Band Nirvana.
Ha, I saw this, yes. I did see that.
Did you take it down? I couldn't find it. It was posted on my friends list.
Let me see if I remember which friend of mine posted it
too. It wasn't that long ago. Why don't you describe the comic for our
listeners who haven't seen it. Okay, so the first panel, they
have the Rock Band box and it looks just like a Rock Band box that says Rock Band Nirvana.
Second panel, one guy pulls out the guitar controller.
Everything looks cool. Third panel, the guy has a weird little bass and he
pulls out this giant shotgun controller and that's it.
Yeah, because it's Rock Band Nirvana edition. I found the comic, by the way, on my friends page
of LiveJournal and I linked it in chat. I don't know if they pulled it from the original
Penny Arcade site, but it's still on their server. April 22nd was the day.
Okay, sweet. Yeah, I tried finding it again and that was
wrong, yet I couldn't help but laugh how bad it was.
You know, it was to me one of those things where it's like, you know, sometimes
we find solace in death through humor, like how people laugh at
funerals and stuff like that. I don't think anybody, you know, it's kind of one of those
oh wow, too soon, but I mean, you know, obviously it's been many, many years since
that happened, but I think it's one of those things where
if you can't laugh at it, what can you do, if that makes sense. I don't know. Yeah, yeah, totally.
And didn't it come out on the anniversary of his death or something like that? Did it
really? That would be kind of interesting. Well, I thought it was just topical because
you know, they have the Rock Band Beatles game coming out with the Beatles paraphernalia. I just kind of
talked it up to that. I didn't even realize there might be a correlation with the anniversary of Kurt Cobain's
death or anything like that. Either way, it seems like the timing is great on all
points. Yeah, so it was kind of one of those
that's so wrong kind of things where you're just kind of like laughing through it.
Yeah, totally. I told my friend about it and he just shook his head
and laughed and walked away. Exactly. That's exactly what that kind of comic should be.
Well hey, anything else going on in your gaming week? Stuff you've been up to?
Oh yeah, definitely. I am very much into Valkyria Chronicles
on the PS3. I'm loving that game. Is it really cool
because I played the demo and I had a lot of fun with the demo and I kept telling myself I was going to
go get the full game but I just never did. I think it's on sale now though so I might have to check it out.
Yeah, totally. It's the next step
in a tactics game that is much needed because when you think of
tactics game, you always think of the same, nearly the same style from what Final Fantasy
Tactics did. What is this next step that makes you so sold
on this game? Well, it starts off and shows the overview map
so you see all the pieces and then you get to move around in
nearly real time. You still have your spaces or whatever movements
people can make. The setting is fresh almost. It's very different. It doesn't have that
everyone's kind of walking in place look to it. The animation is pretty good
and just the way it works, I mean every unit likes other people
or dislikes other people. Everyone has specialties so if this guy works well in the desert
or if he likes to hang around chicks, you get the bonus.
It's almost like a weak third person shooter but it works great in a tactical environment.
You can take cover. You can have your snipers or you can have a tank.
Everything works well together and the graphic style
is very stylized, very fun. It is very stylized and to answer some questions
in chat, it is a PS3 exclusive as far as I know. There is a demo on the Sony
store that you can check out if it sounds interesting because yeah, I did like the whole
like you were actually moving the pieces around and jumping over obstacles
and things. It did feel kind of tactical in that way. It was awesome.
I should really just suck it up and buy the full game.
It's a very fun game and it's quickly becoming one of my all time favorites. I just can't put it down.
Valkyria Chronicles is the game.
Is it related to Valkyria profile? You're thinking Valkyria
from Square. No, this is from Sega.
It's a whole new thing. Yeah, Sega made it. A whole new thing.
And new DLC coming out as well. Oh, so they're keeping it going. Wow, that's pretty cool.
Well Dan, any other closing thoughts for our listeners tonight before we let you go?
No, just saying hi.
If you guys are around for E3, an offer is sold out but I can get you all into Disneyland.
Well, that's a very generous offer. I know Loki is going to Disneyland.
I don't know if he already bought the tickets. I already have the ticket vouchers. Sorry.
Well, you know what? Maybe I'll take him up on that.
If I could get down there, I'd be happy to, but I'm broke.
I will keep in touch, Dan. I know you're on the Twitter, so I'll be in touch.
Alright, cool. Nice talking to you guys. Alright, take care Dan. Thanks for the call.
Speaking of Twitter, we're keeping an eye on things tonight.
User Javier Altman says,
Yeah, it's just footy monster.
But I'm reading the usernames here.
Magical Nathan simply gave us a yeah.
Yeah. I don't know. Magical Nathan's username.
ActDeft says, I hope Sky updates the podcast soon.
Since this is a pretty hilarious episode. It will be caught up next week.
I promise. We will be all caught up next week. We have to be for the contest.
Or it's not going to work. I know. It's just, you know, when I'm drunk, nothing's funny.
Alright, hi. You're on Orange Andrea. Who's this? It's Deathwishing again.
Hi, Deathwishing. What's on your mind? Huh? What's on your mind?
Um, first of all, I would like to say I have a great first person shooter idea.
It involves you, and it would always be you running away from the battles.
Where's the guns everywhere? Worst game ever. I'm sorry to tell you.
It'd be a great game, because it'd be like little girly screams.
Why are you making fun of me?
Second, um, do you, um,
think of Konami as a first person shooter developer at all?
Konami as a first person shooter developer. Well, like, do you think of them?
Because they're making a first person shooter game called Six Days in Fallujah.
No, I've heard of the Fallujah game though. I have.
I guess it's supposed to be some ultra realistic game, like from my herd.
Yeah, yeah.
Weren't they, like, actually interviewing veterans or something to figure this game out?
And terrorists. Oh my gosh.
I'm thinking, like, what's going to happen? Am I going to be playing, like, getting ready to do a breach and entry on Adoro,
all of a sudden Contra, big alien thing flies out of nowhere?
That wouldn't be very realistic now, would it?
But I just can't understand it.
Like, they're really kick ass, PS3 one, and then they're like,
eh, forget it. No one wants to play a good game.
Well, good games never last. That's true. That's kind of true.
What kind of games have you been playing this week? Death Wishing?
Well, I was at a cyber cafe yesterday, and I played
a lot of, I played Street Fighter a lot, actually, with my
death Asian friend who could beat me with the controller behind his back,
and down the hallway, like a douche, showing off to everyone.
Everyone's clapping, and I'm just like, you bitch.
Isn't that crazy how people can do that? Like, I remember a story about
there was a Soulcalibur player that could do that, too. Like, they were blind or something, and they could just
whoop everybody at Soulcalibur. It was amazing.
It's because they're Asian. Asians are better at any game that comes from Asia. Like, Starcraft!
Did you say your Asian friend was deaf? Yeah.
Or, when you have loss of a sense like that, all your other senses are heightened.
Could it be because of that? No, I just really think the Asian race itself
is just better at video games than anyone else.
Rice Princess, as our token Asian in studio tonight, confirmed deny these said allegations.
I can very much confirm. Very good. Uh-huh.
You can send those cards and letters to Mailbag at OrangeLoungeRadio.com
I will be sure to forward them appropriately. Wow.
Wow, wow, wow.
And you're getting yelled at by GS68 in chat, who is also... I can tell, and I can just tell
him, um, no, it's not a stereotype, because
it's more of a fact, because I can't beat anyone at Starcraft that's...
Anyways, Rob, I'll invite you to go
paintballing with me sometime. Oh, I'm sure that'll be a joy,
especially after what I said tonight. There'll be, like, a secret meeting while I run to the restroom
or something before the thing starts. Okay, everybody, target Rob. He's the
gun-a-phobe. And I'll just... I'll want to cry when the day's over.
Alright, well, Deathwishing, thank you very much for the
call. Have a good week, okay? Oh, God.
Take care, buddy. Alright.
That's going to do it for the calls tonight. Sorry if you guys didn't get through. Send us an email or a tweet
or try again next week, you guys. Alright, um, by the way, I wanted to say this
real quick before we get into the last-minute stories tonight, because I just thought of something I was reading.
One page I go to once in a while is yahoo.com, and they have, you know, news
stories that rotate on the front. There was a story on there the other day talking about how Grand Theft Auto
4's sales figures have... Sorry, not 4. Grand Theft Auto Chinatown Wars
sales have been extremely disappointing. They went so far as to call it a flop,
because it sold only, what, 87,000 copies its first week?
Loki, I know you're a huge Grand Theft Auto fan. What do you think? Is this true? Are people judging
this too early? Is it a flop? Was it a bad idea to begin with? Well, it's only
been a... They're basing it off of the NPD numbers, which are only, you know,
it's only showing two weeks of the sales right now, so I'd have to
see what it looks like, you know, at the end of this month.
I don't think it's going to be a flop. You know, like most DS games that come out, they sell over
a longer period of time. You know, since it's more of a casual system, people
are more casually, you know, wanting to pick up stuff. So,
there's that, and then also the DS is really, really easy
to pirate stuff on. So, you know, you have a lot of people that were, you know,
pirating and that kind of thing. But, um, I think it's going to do well.
I mean, like, even like Super Mario 64, a game that
literally came out with, you know, the Nintendo DS is still
selling well today. So, I don't doubt that this will sell well.
Do you think it's maybe because the DS is more of a kiddie system in Grand Theft Auto?
You know, how many really adult gamers admit to playing the DS
regularly? Um, I don't know, but yeah, I can imagine that it is more
a kiddie system, but also people are dumb and they'll buy their kids this stuff. I guess that's true.
I guess that's true. Alright, last minute stories, anybody.
DarkSakura, do you have any last minute stories for us tonight? Um, although it was kind of mentioned in an email,
um, Marvel vs Capcom 2 is getting a re-release
with, um, arcade sticks.
Nice. Is it like an arcade thing? I remember hearing something about the
achievements. I think Xbox Live. It's so rumored right now.
Interesting. I know there was a, somebody posted to our show roll prep
thread and I just, we didn't post it because there wasn't a lot there besides a countdown timer
that they're saying is rumored to be the Marvel vs Capcom 2. So, anyway.
Anything else DarkSakura tonight? What? Anything else
for last minute stories? Flem. Alright, Loki. Um, there's
a couple things. One, there's some new info for, uh, Star Trek
DAC, which will be hitting Xbox Live Arcade in May
and kind of looks a little bit like, um, Star Control, which is pretty cool.
And then also, um,
there's a rumor that there's going to be a new Clone Wars game coming to the PS3
and Xbox 360. It's supposed to feature co-op as well
and will be entitled, uh, Star Wars The Clone Wars Republic Heroes.
I can see this coming out. I mean, they let the horror of this stuff out.
And then finally, um, this is awesome. Coming to
Virtual Console soon, Clay Fighters.
No way! Yes, Clay Fighters.
It has been raided by the ESRB.
I thought Clay Fighters was already out in Europe. And Helga.
Um, no, in the US. I don't know if it's out
in Europe already. Wait, so, but if it's already out here, why is it being
re-rated? No, it's not out here. It's coming out here.
Oh. I don't know if it's out in Europe already, but it's coming out here
because it just got raided by the ESRB. Yeah, Rob. Got it.
Does this have the theme song, maybe?
Hold on, I'm looking at YouTube to try and find...
Aw, it just has the intro.
Music
Music
Music
I think it's off an emulation. Yeah, it's off an emulator or something. I can't find it.
I'm not going to bother. Anyway, I got submitted a last minute story
here real quick, and I remember reading about this this week. The plug has been pulled on
Bioshock, apparently. Not the game, but the movie. It was to be
directed by Gore Verbinski, who's famous obviously for the Pirates of the Caribbean movies. Apparently
the movie had been in pre-production, and the plug was pulled this week.
This happens sometimes in Hollywood. This is a very Hollywood thing to happen.
There it is. Apparently, they
wanted to move the film outside the US to take advantage of the tax credit. It's not necessarily
completely done with, by the way. It's just the game is in a quote-unquote
holding pattern. In other words, it's been delayed a little while.
There you go. Bioshock. You have to jump around. Oh, the game you're playing right now
is Mylon's Secret Castle. You go in the little doors, and there's a little, like,
go to the right, dummy. Can you keep going to the right?
There you go. And you go in those little, like, you can go in there.
Anyway, forget it. Alright,
any other last minute stories, Loki? That's all I have. And that's going to do it for
tonight's Orange Launch Radio. Let's go around and get everybody's final thoughts.
Wellie Wellie, I know you didn't get to say a whole lot here, but hopefully you had fun.
And watching and participating when you did. Do you have any final thoughts for our listeners tonight?
I just lost the game. Sorry to hear that. Alright.
The Doctor, do you have any final thoughts for our listeners tonight?
Yeah, everyone should go to the UOP Film Festival in May.
Because, you know, our international audience can all make it to UOP. Yeah, because
my engagement to Movie Merge is coming out.
Princess Princess, do you have any final thoughts? In the mic, please.
Thanks, Rob. Want to go to Disneyland for free?
Come to LA in June with us.
If Loki already bought his ticket, you can have his ticket. Alright, Loki, do you have any final
thoughts for our listeners? Nope, I need a Cage Man song, but I'm finding
one right now. My final thought is, the wine buzz
is gone. That's kind of sad. It didn't last long. Dark Sakura, our final, final,
final thought tonight. Give me money. Alright, thank you guys so much for
downloading and supporting Orange Lounge Radio or listening to us live, however you do it.
We really appreciate all the support of you guys. Remember, if you like what you hear here, and
if you've stuck with the show until the very end tonight of all nights, I
really applaud you, and you must really like what we're doing here. So please tell a friend or two
about our show. That's how we get around is word of mouth. We don't have a big magazine or
a big website that backs us. Nope, it's just a couple of friends who all met playing DDR
doing this shit out of their garage for the past seven years. So, there you go.
Dark Sakura? I actually forgot to put up the contest about winning my
TurboGrafx. So now I'm just going to say that the 200th, actually, the
300th person to follow me on Twitter will get it.
Oh god, it's going to be one of those contests, huh? No, I'm just being silly. However,
the 300th person will get something. Well, maybe we can, you know, because we're going to have the contest for this
Miles Decay thing next week. Maybe we can do, like, contest week next week or something. We'll do it. Think about what
you want to do for your contest. Contest week. Because we're going to do, I'll tell you off air. I'm just being a whore.
Alright. Well, congratulations. Alright. Um.
Dylin, you are a whore. Alright. Anyway, that's it.
Goodnight everybody. We'll see you next week here on Orange Lounge Radio.
Anyway, see you next week.
