is now on the air. Orange Lounge Radio Live is a live talk program dedicated to all things
Bemani, and then some. Orange Lounge Radio may contain adult content, so you probably
shouldn't let your children listen. If you do let your children listen to Orange Lounge
Radio, they may turn into evil little demons from hell!
Oh wait, most children already are evil little demons from hell.
Now you see that evil will always triumph, because good is dumb.
Tracked, drunk and stupid is no way to go through life, son.
He jeopardizes my ability to effectively govern this student body.
Well, makes you look like an ass is what he does, Ed.
Tamburgers! The cornerstone of any nutritious breakfast.
That was huge. Cool.
Do you mind if I take my new car for a ride?
No, that's right. The only thing you're going to be riding is me.
Have you seen Mountain Dew?
Lena?
Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to my underground lair.
So it was you. I was going to expose you.
I know. So I choose to expose myself.
Please, there are ladies present.
This job would be great if it wasn't for the fucking customers.
Dark Sakura.
Oh my god, I see a bloody stump!
Sky.
Anytime in the place, baby.
Loki.
Ow, my foot! Why did I shoot myself in my foot?
Orange Lounge Radio.
We are live, and this is episode number 105 for this Sunday, August 1st, 2004.
You're tuned in to the B-Monty themed, most strip poker playing radio station of all things
baloney.
My name is Rob Roberts.
You might know me as Sky.
Joining me as always are my awesome co-hosts.
In this corner, the happiest bunny on the farm is Jamie Summers.
You know her better as the angsty dark staphora.
Is your mic on over there, honey?
It is.
There you are.
Okay.
I'm powered by meat and asparagus right now.
Meat and potatoes.
Oh, I'm sorry.
Meat and asparagus.
Yeah, meat and asparagus.
Potatoes are evil.
evil! are you on a low carb diet? yes I am. low carb diets are the antichrist you know
why they are the antichrist? okay first of all I'm doing this to be supportive I know
but second of all you know how hard I have worked my ass off so don't yes I know but
they're the antichrist for me because anything that says that I can't have bread and potatoes
is the antichrist. you can still have bread and potatoes just not all the time. but I
I want potatoes all the time.
Don't take my potatoes away.
Rob.
What?
Rob.
What?
Rob.
What?
Rob.
What?
I miss doing that.
I couldn't do it.
I tried that last week with Matt, and it just didn't work.
Did you just beat you up?
I was like, you have to have a single syllable that starts
with an R for that to work.
All right, speaking of which, in the other corner,
favorite orange lounge angsty tech massa Loki I'm moving my chair back that is
that hello I'm moving my chair back yes we have some special guests in the house
tonight say hello to well he hasn't been here for a little while but he is the
resident pop music whore in Sacramento say hello to karen I know I know also
Also joining us in studio, uh, say hello to somebody else who hasn't been here for a couple of weeks, uh, say hello to Bugz!
Hello to Bugz.
Very nice.
And tonight he's the, what is it, is that Turbo Express you're playing?
He's the Turbo Express 4 tonight, but that's Jamie's Turbo Express, so...
I would love to have a piece of your meat, Jamie.
I'll take some of your meat.
What kind of meat is this?
Tri-tip.
Mmm.
Meaty!
you know somebody was telling me
I can't even this is like how what like horrible memory I have is somebody was
telling me about the sodas online
was that you Matt? Yeah you were telling me about the sodas online? Did you get like beef and orange
flavored soda?
But we were thinking about like
flavored soda. But you can make your own sodas?
sort of, yeah.
Alright, you know what, we'll talk about this when we come back from the break.
All that, how was your week, how was your day, and I guess some Bahmani news, because
we have a whole shitload of Bahmani news, and tonight, I'm not gonna get to it in this
first break, but we will get to it tonight, the resident pop and music horror was kind
enough to bring us Poppin' Eleven stuff.
Yes, the soundtrack.
So we're gonna hear a whole lot of Poppin' Eleven stuff tonight, so that's good.
So, but first we're gonna play like a mix of music, cause I wanna hear some Eurobeat,
so I put on Daisuke, cause that song rocks.
so we will be right back after this break
with orange lounge radio
i'd like to start our own w w w dot org dot radio dot com
uh... click on chat and we have a webcam on or something about how now is it on
the uh... main thing still
no it's on actual field
You're a super city boy
I don't need you, I got past you, you were free for me
Every day, one day, when I become a girl
Every night, I'm dreaming of falling in my dreams
I can't feel no love, I don't know what it's like
I love my class, but they're more silly
Will you tell me now, how do you feel me?
Will you show me now?
I wanna dance with you all night now
I want to walk for you every time, everywhere else
Are we sure we've got your heart and soul?
The least you can
Please you tell me now, how do you feel me
Will you show me now?
I wanna dance with you all like now
I want to walk for you every time, everywhere
Are we sure we've got your heart and soul?
Daddy, forget!
Excuse me, XC
Wait for you
I tell you how I'm feeling
My thoughts are far away, so please well
Hang on the ceiling, just wait
Don't hang on the shut door, dear
It's time to say goodbye to my face
Don't you know I'm ready to be happy
Even if I'm not on it, you think that it's a shame for you
You don't know that it can be good to me
It's a shame for you
I can't make it no worse
I'm going to get it on
For up to this minute, for money and gaming news, for session horns, and for access to
the chat room, visit our website at orangeloungeradio.com.
you are listening to orange launch radio we're back here we are live on this
lovely uh... august evening it's a hot august night
my bad my bad
that was our hot august
that's our hot august theme song
hot august nights are this month
yeah every time i bring up you know hot august nights we'll just you know
everybody tango
we play a song from uh...
dance maniacs
which one
The Heaven is a metallic...
Oh, the Heaven is a 57?
Whatever.
Yeah.
Um...
Because...
Because Hot August Nights is this month, which I'm gonna actually think I'm gonna get to
go to this month.
Yeah, having Hot August Nights in August would be...
But I don't think they have that other places.
I don't think...
Yeah, they probably don't have that other...
It's a big thing they do in Reno.
I don't...
Oh, the term I've heard before...
Well, yeah, the term, but...
It's from the 50s.
I'm gonna go look at cars.
Old cars.
such a white trash event though
okay this weekend is trucker fast. Muscle cars are sexy
yes my work sponsors hot august nights
case in point
what muscle cars are sexy
you like little dick cars
no little dick cars is an SUV Rob
alright
uh... also known as mommy mobile
soccer mom mobile
alright uh... we are here i'll i was uh... out last week issue of may have
heard
no
well i was here i was here too
i'll get a show to go
i was here sunday that i flew out monday
and i can tell you as i went out of the mother now i went to a little place in
pennsylvania
called allentown
and there's really not a whole lot there
i guess there is like arcades and stuff but i was so consumed with my work that
honestly had no time to go out and look
for arcades because I kind of had other things to do so if I did play games it
was on my Gameboy Advance I ended up buying Sword of Mana which eh it's okay I
was I was a little bit disappointed because Secret of Mana is like one of
the best games ever and then Sword of Mana being kind of eh is a little
disappointing but then I also bought Mario vs. Donkey Kong which was you know
it's corny it's what you'd expect one thing I would like to say to Panda I
i don't think he had a choice
uh... what
with what you should have gone to maryland
oh you're talking about
our chat room
at orangeauceradio.com
yeah no i didn't have a choice they sent me where they tell me to send me they
say bitch you're gonna go here and i'm like yeah okay don't fire me
uh... anyway i figure we will start off tonight's shows we always start off our
shows
we're playing a little bit of how was your week
how was your day and Jamie you've got the other mic so why don't you have a
mouth full of beef
that's good, beef is good for you
do you like having meat in your mouth? or meat?
it's juicy
sorry I had to slow that down
you should suck out the flavor a little bit before you bite down on it
I'll just take the whole thing
um my week sucked, it was hot
I don't have AC in my car.
Busy as hell at work.
And it's going to get busier.
I finally got the stupid financial aid notice from ARC,
and you know what I have to say?
I have to say that I'm actually very surprised.
I was awarded my federal loans,
which means I won't have any interest on them.
So that makes me happy.
Good deal.
I'm getting, I don't want to say anything.
I'm getting, because I'm a sophomore, I'll get $3,500.
And I don't mind saying so because it's like damn near what everybody gets
if you're a sophomore, so it doesn't matter.
That means I get my laptop in two weeks.
In two weeks, I will be sitting here with a shiny Fujitsu on my lap.
I want a laptop.
Especially after that trip, I need a laptop. They're expensive, I can't afford them.
Go to school.
I need to buy a used one.
I only want one that will let me on the internet. I don't need any, like,
I know I'm actually thinking about getting a Mac laptop. Isn't that scary?
could give me bad looks stop it all you
yeah start with the xbox tonight
let me tell you today
what kind of memory coming out of your week i was your day
and i ended up going to see on friday and could not let my friends of moving
back to utah
uh... we ended up going to see uh... the village that night
and i don't care anybody says that maybe was awesome
I
Like the whole premise behind it. I love the setting. I like how everybody talks in that movie
Everybody just talks like I just like it. I liked it
I'm not gonna give away anything because of course it's one of those, you know twisty movies, but I'm not gonna
Say anything about it. I just really like I loved the whole color theme
I like this the way this guy directs and the movies are slow
But all the pacing makes sense at the end of the movie, so I thought it was really well
done.
Two snaps up from Jamie?
It gets the artsy award from me.
And what did I do yesterday?
Yesterday I hung out with Iguana Girl all day, and we, over the cat, her cat passed
away.
Yeah, I'm sad, but I hung out all day.
We went to this place called Bradshaw's for lunch.
Sort of like Brookfield's.
Oh!
I think it's like the same place.
But it's not Bradshaw's.
But it's not Bradshaw's.
Interesting.
I've never...
I actually thought of Brookfield's.
They had low-carb cheesecake.
Huh.
And it was actually pretty good texture-wise, and the crust was good.
It had this taste after it, so...
I'm going to say that...
Great taste, less filling?
It had...
It was actually filling without the great taste.
Oh, I see.
It was okay.
And then I spent the whole rest of the night online.
And then today I got up bright and early, read my errands, got myself my comics today,
read them all, devoured them, bought a Dragon Ash CD, because I love Dragon Ash, and a bumper
sticker is the best one ever.
It says, stop whining and plot revenge.
Is that not me or what?
That's pretty you.
And that's me. My week.
Alrighty.
Sakurama.
Let's go to, uh, let's go over here. Let's talk to our resident papa music whore.
Resident papa music hookah.
What have you done? How was your day? How was your week? We haven't seen you in a while.
Yeah.
Jamie saw a real whore?
Jamie said she saw a real whore. Like, as opposed to a fake one.
Well, you know what? I know a deaf whore, so I win. I know one.
Did you sleep with one, though?
So, I was at a 7-11 and this heroin whore came in. She had band-aids on her inner thigh.
Yeah, she was a whore. She was a real whore. Of course, we were right next to the Regency Triple X Theater.
Well, there you go.
There's a Triple X Theater around here.
How long have you lived in Sacramento?
The Triple X Theater was right across from where I used to work, and the guys in the collections department would leave during their lunch break and go over there and watch porn.
Wait a minute, Logie. How many years have you lived in Sacramento?
Uh, a lot.
And you just now learned that there is a place over on Watt that shows Triple X films all day, all night?
No, I didn't know that.
You know what's funny? When the whole April Fool's thing was going on DDR Freak,
and we had the thread there listing our address and contact information.
Right.
My address on there was the address for the Regency Triple X Theater.
You know there's some news about DDR Freak forums today.
Are there yeah, you guys made us something awful dot-coms make fun of lists today or whatever they call it
Okay, it's not my page
Yeah, there were no posts from you in there. So you're okay. Okay me
Okay, sorry
Sorry Garrett. Well, that's all right. Um, well last week was kind of slow
But I made the best of it. My parents were out on vacation and I only got 24 hours at work
so I had four days off and
And only managed to go crazy on two days, and the rest I filled with stuff.
And I had a pretty good time on most of the days.
I met someone new that I'm interested in, and then I found out the bad news
that I was hoping to find out sooner than later.
And hopefully it won't totally fuck everything up, but we'll see.
I just have to stop being obsessive and something.
And then I had my party on Friday, and that was really fun.
And I got really, really, really wasted.
I have never been drunk, really, before,
now that I was that drunk.
And I go, wow, OK, this is drunk.
Which Orange Lounge regulars showed up to the party?
There was Brad, Irene, Matt, and Anita,
and then Janae and James, the guy I met.
Oh, OK.
Yeah.
And that was it.
We had fun.
And people that didn't, I don't think Brad and Irene took off
like, all them pretty much left around like 3.30 or so in the morning, so that was late
for one of my parties, usually everyone going like, well I need to go home now, la la la.
So that was kind of nice to have people. But yeah, I know I was so drunk that, you know,
keep in mind, chatters, I'm kind of new to alcohol, so I don't know all these things.
I am naive. Most of our chatters can't even buy alcohol, so... Doesn't mean they can't
get it who says anything not buying not that we would condone that but of course not but
yeah no my drive my my fingers my fingers were about 25% numb and at that time i decided
we needed to play drunk 2dx and pop music and i'm i still managed to beat murmur twins
drunk and i think i'd be i think i got as high as like a 31 on pop music but then i
I tried a 39 right after that and I just stopped, so I don't know, I probably didn't hire.
It reminds me of the time I played DDR in Vegas, and I was drunk, really really drunk,
and I got like a huge crowd around me while I was playing though, it was cool.
Cool, and then, now I am, like as of yesterday, I am officially on vacation for this whole
week and I'm still trying to remember that I'm on vacation.
Wait a minute, weren't you just on vacation like two months ago?
Yeah.
You're always on vacation.
I only get two weeks a year.
I'm I just decided to take it now because okay yeah well I mean you know
my vacation we usually don't get to pick our vacation until shit I didn't get to
pick mine until like after March I don't think and then we have to use it before
November there's it's weird the way it works all right but yeah I took it I
took it now I'm on vacation and I hope I find something good to do this week and
Oh yeah, and then I got all those wonderful CDs and I spent way too much money on my newfound
collections that I got in the mail all week, and then yesterday my sister was a bitch when
my CDs came, because I had to go take Janae to work, and then I come back and I see the
mailman on one part of our street, but his car is pointing in the direction like he would
have had to pass mine, and I'm all, oh, I wonder, because I haven't checked my tracking
number.
I go home, check my tracking number, it says, your item arrived in Sacramento at 5.30 am
today. I'm like, wait a minute, that means he would have come to my house already if
this car's pointing that direction. So I'm all, hey Shannon, did the mailman come? She's
all, yeah, but I didn't have any clothes on, so I didn't go get it. And she's upstairs
laying in my parents' room, naked in all of my comforters and blankets that I'd left in
there from when I was sleeping in there in the week, because she was gone camping with
my parents. I'm all, you bitch. And then so I go running outside and I'm going to go hunt
for the mailman on my neighborhood, because I hate waiting for it another day or going
to the post office. And then I get in my car, and then all of a sudden he's on the other
side of my street. So I get back out of my car, I run across the street, and then I see
him...
Chasing the mailman.
Chasing the mailman for some CDs.
Yeah, I see him like at least three or four times a month. And it's always him. And then
he just... I'm listening up to him, and he's looking at me like, why is he coming towards
me and you know like there's any other reason he knows who the fuck I am and then I'm all
hey you know my sister said you know I haven't come yet I'm all is uh oh no I have okay yeah
and then he gives me my thing so yeah I got yeah I got stuff all right right on yeah I
think I'm sorry anything else for your week of your day um well no I just wanted to say
I don't remember what I was going to say. The Jafro Sax album, the Jafro Sax remix album
I got was fucking horrible. I bought his first album randomly because I saw it on Konami
style. I'm like, I don't know what Bomani Artiset is. I can't figure it out. I couldn't
figure it out. And I'm like, why are they promoting him? Oh, well, I'll just buy it.
And it ended up being a fabulous album. But he just released a remix album. And it was
so bad that I was trying to just listen to it while I was kind of napping, but I wasn't
really sleepy, I was just laying on my bed. I listened to about half the album while I
was on my bed, and then I went to my computer, turned it off, and continued to go back to
bed. Did you ever figure out what his connection to Bamani was? No, I still haven't. Sana did
one song with him. On this remix album, was it Hiroshi Watanabe, did a remix, and that
was a Bamani artist, for like 5K a long time ago. I have no idea who he is still. But yeah,
his music's awesome, except no one can remix it good. I guess that's enough from me.
Alrighty. Bug, anything you want to share? Your week and your day?
My day has been trying to get my damn computer to boot again. My motherboard died about a
month ago, and somebody gave me a spare motherboard and I had to go buy new RAM, since my old RAM
was not compatible with this new fangled technology.
Dope. Yeah, it's all DDR RAM too, so everyone...
So, that was my day, my week, putting stuff in the warehouse, taking stuff out of the
warehouse, putting it on trucks.
That's...
Fun job.
Yeah.
Hey, they paid me to do it, so I got to.
There you go.
All right.
That's it?
I just need an ethernet drop and I'll be happy.
All right.
Oh, do you need to plug into our network?
At some point.
All right.
We'll get you into the Orange Launch Network here.
Yeah, it's over there.
I'm over here.
All right.
Loki!
I'm a lazy bastard.
How was your day?
How was your week?
um, well, ah, let's see, this week I didn't do much, I played a lot of games on my main cabinet, because I have to get the money's worth out of it. So, by the way, I figure it, I will have to play until I die on this cabinet to get the money's worth. Um, anyways, so, I went down, um, what was it, yesterday, we were looking for stuff to do, so we went down to Golf Land to go play miniature golf.
that's when we discovered guess what now they have night was it night swims or
whatever night with it's basically water slides in the dark so they have
that there now so there's a ton of fucking people lion was like zigzagging
just to get into golf I'm off fuck this I'm leaving so but at least I got they'll
see what condition everything was and the fourth mix or extreme to cabinet not
working still, and you know what? Don't care. Um, Drummania seemed to be okay, and Guitar
Freaks was okay, I guess. And then, um, then we decided to go see the village, and the
village was okay. Um, but I already knew what the plot twist was about halfway through the
film anyways, so, whatever. And, um, so that was alright. Um, but, you know what movie's
gonna rock, okay, is his next movie. Okay? It's gonna be the sixth sign of the Unbreakable
Village. Look for that in theaters, 2006. It's gonna rock. It's gonna combine everything
that was awesome about, it's gonna be a village of super-humans that can see dead aliens.
It's gonna rock. You used to be funny. What happened? You left. So anyways, it's funny
that you should mention a crack whore, Jamie, because I did see one earlier today. Whatever,
it's the same shit. I mean, I guess it's okay. Maybe she didn't have a bloody nose and she
she just had less track lines or whatever. But, whatever. It's still, the stupid bitch,
I'll get into it later, I guess, than the FUs. But anyways, some stupid bitch tried
to cut me off and I flipped her off and that was fun. What else? Oh, and then today I went
and saw Harry Kibar go to White Castle and that was awesome. I guess I would have had
them in stone to find it extremely funny, but it was relatively funny. And, oh, yeah,
and then the rest of the week was pretty much just playing porno games on MAME. Pretty much
I have a whole, you know, folder here, category of porno games.
And what is your favorite adult-oriented arcade game that you've come across?
Oh, of course, this was before I even got MAME, Gals Panic. It rocks.
I'm awesome at Gals Panic.
Um, but then I was playing, um, I beat the, uh, stupid, uh, what is it, the poker gals or whatever.
It's stupid. It's kind of disturbing watching them masturbate with, like, a disattached hand and arm.
It's just like they're taking a mannequin hand and shoving up their, you know, pussy. It's kind of weird.
Oh, and that reminds me, there was this, um, movie that they, um, what was it, it's like a...
I think it's like a Dirty Shame is what it's called.
And somebody, the same guy, did Hairspray.
It's with Johnny Knoxville. It's rated NC-17.
Wait, wait, wait.
You mean John Waters?
Uh, maybe.
Yeah.
It's about fucking time John Waters came out with a new movie. It better be good, though.
better be good though, because like his movies, like ever since Serial Mom, like Serial Mom
was the shit, and then like, what was after that, was umm...
no, no no, after that was, was Cecil B. DeMannet was one. I thought there was one in between
though, I might be, I might be losing, but like Cecil B. DeMannet was like, kinda like,
eh, is just eh. Oh, Pecker, I was in between there too, Pecker was kinda eh, and then like,
Cecil B. DeMannet was even more eh, so he needs to, you know, come back up, like Pink
flamingos too man telling you even if Divine's dead I don't care anyways it's
about these a bunch of perverts to go into this one town and then everyone
starts getting perverted and having sex with one another and stuff like that but
there's like one specific scene that I remember where this lady is like doing
like some sort of dance or hokey-pokey type thing and she's staring at this
like one doctor there I guess like these people are getting injured in the head
or something like that they turn all horny same way she ends up setting down
a water bottle and squatting over it and shoving it up her cooch so that was that was interesting
yes I'm looking at a internet internet movie database right now it is a dirty shame is
done by John Waters which means I will have to see it even if I fucking hate Johnny Knoxville
I will have to see this movie I'll watch it with you see that now did you see what it
was it was basically it's when a bunch of head injuries are causing people to become
sex addicts. So, I think that's pretty funny. So, can't wait. I like that. What was it?
Wes Johnson, fat fuck Frank. This is all I care about. Is Mink Stole in it? Because Mink
Stole is the greatest actress of all time. I don't care what you say. And she is in it
as she has been in all of John Waters other movies. Anyway, the video game nerds out there
have no idea what I'm talking about right now, so I'm just gonna let it go. So anyways,
I saw that, that looked pretty sweet. Other than that, not really much happening, just
a little bit of Final Fantasy, not that much at all, and just, you know, working on my
cabinet. That's pretty much it, yeah. Anyways, how about your week in a, or your weeks? Yeah,
I was gone for a couple weeks in Pennsylvania, and to be honest, really not a whole lot of
exciting stuff went down. I did get a chance to have one of my friends visit
me over the weekend because she lives out on the East Coast. She's somebody I
knew from college and we went out to New York City. We kind of drove around some
areas around there. We found ourselves on Long Island eventually and we went to
Fire Island which is this big gay haven out on the East Coast for those that
don't know. But I don't know what possessed us to go there but we were
just like, oh let's go to Fire Island. So we did and it was it was like a giant
The next day we went to the Crayola factories.
That was pretty much it, honestly. I mean, I haven't been playing any video games except for what I was talking about earlier on Gameboy Advance.
There's only so many times I can beat Metroid Zero before I'm like,
Jesus Christ, I need a new game. So, that was it. But then coming home was very interesting
because the house, like coming back into the apartment
at four o'clock in the morning, because bugs picked me up at the airport. After, by the way,
my airplane in Philadelphia sat on the runway for an hour
and so finally it comes back and it sits and we get to Vegas. And I was only supposed to have an
hour layover in Vegas. Well, now I have five minutes to get to my other plane.
So I ran from one end of the Vegas airport to the other end
and it was like being on The Amazing Race, I swear it was
it was interesting. But I just barely made my plane to Sacramento and
all was well. And then Bug picked me up at the airport here in Sacramento and then we
went out
we ended up meeting Evan for
a late night snack somewhere because I realized
yeah I realized at that point that I hadn't eaten in the past
day so I had to eat. So then we went there and ate and then that was it. Then I was like so
dead tired I was like falling asleep at dinner and I was just like I'm tired I
need to go so I came here and then when I open the door and I walk in I'm like
holy fucking shit when did Loki finish his cabinet because our TV is gone and
it's inside the cabinet and then like the whole room has been turned around
90 degrees or at least it feels that way and then like there's just all this
stuff that used to be over here like piled up in piles on the side of the
room but I thought it was cool and then Loki was showing his cabinet to me
yesterday and I was playing miss world nude 96 which is my favorite adult game
because when it turns from the the girl like if you do yeah well I'll have to
play it for you guys later but when you do badly on it like it's like kicks
right you remember the old school game kicks where you draw the lines right and
you yeah and you try to dodge the little thing that's lying around that's a miss
world 96 like but you're cutting out a picture of a naked lady and that's it's
like the game on the mega touch the adult game I don't know if you guys
ever play mega touch there's one like it on there too so they have this but if
you I don't know if you uncover certain bad parts of the picture then your bar
goes down and if you fall into the bad like the picture of the girl turns into
the picture of like the devil and like it starts playing this eurobeat song
that totally doesn't match it goes like everybody move your body I'm gonna play
it for you guys later because I think it's just that cool I'm gonna have to do
that after the break. I'm sorry, yes, Jamie. You want to share something with our listeners?
Get Jamie a mic here. Not that I'm meaning to interrupt, but Time
Magazine is encouraging people to download movies off the internet.
Like what? I'm reading this article about how a lot of
the horror movies from Japan are being remade for the US.
Like the original director for The Ring is doing Ring 2 over here.
The Grudge is a Japanese movie game.
Right, Juon was the name.
But, um, saying that,
it says, why wait for remakes?
All of these movies are available online.
They meant through Amazon.com, or your favorite online retailer, sure, yeah.
Alright, yes, Logie?
I heard that the new, um, Keshan movie is available on,
actually I have it marked on Supernova, a cam of it, though.
still cam that's subtitled in English good enough for me speaking of all this
Japanese culture stuff hitting the u.s. so Loki and I had the pleasure of going
to a small little convention quote-unquote I don't know what you got it
wasn't it quite a convention it was a fair like a fair with an E on it like a
Renaissance fair but it was a anime fair that they had at the mall and the mall
here in Sacramento, which consisted of four vendor booths scattered throughout the mall,
and then in what used to be McDonald's, they had a viewing room where they were showing
crappy anime all day, and I guess they were going to show live action Sailor Moon at some
point. Yeah, Sunrise Mall. Yeah, the McDonald's closed the Sunrise Mall about three years
ago. Not quite three years ago, a couple months ago. All right. But still, it's closed, and
They were showing anime in there now, and the only cool thing they were going to show
was today, but I'm not much of an anime geek, I mean maybe there was some good stuff in
there and I just don't recognize it, but they were going to show live action Sailor Moon
today.
And that would have been cool.
But anyway, like the vendor booths were not too thrilling, but they were like, it was
really cool to go to the mall and see like all the soccer moms and the brats, and then
like all these cosplayers.
Like there were like tons of people cosplaying as all these anime characters.
Not that, not that there were many good cosplayers, but there were, you know, a lot of cosplayers.
No offensive cosplayers out there, but why do the majority, not all of them, but do the
great majority of them, have to be really nasty, ugly, fat chicks? Honestly. I mean,
I saw some really, it's like, oh my god, when did that character put on a hundred pounds?
it's like a blob has sucked her soul. It was really nasty. I only think that stuff is bad
like when they're cosplaying like it's Mai, or Chun-Li, or somebody really, you know,
promiscuous. Then there was like that chick who was next to me, who I thought was a guy,
Okay, she looked like a dude, and she opens her mouth,
yeah, how much for this?
Well, oh my God, ugly, and I started pointing.
Oh, yeah, I was just disappointed
because usually at those kind of, even an anime expo,
it doesn't matter, like I'm not that into anime,
like I have an appreciation for some of it,
like, you know, the big mainstream stuff,
like Miyazaki and stuff, but like,
usually at most anime conventions you have your video game corner, right? Or you have
your video game vendor or something video game related. I was hoping to see that there.
Nope, not a damn thing. The only thing video game related I could find that was interesting
was the Final Fantasy XI wall scroll, but it was just the generic stock art of the same
thing that's on the cover of Final Fantasy XI. It's the same art I've seen over and over
and I have in like a million different places anyway, and I didn't want to spend $15 on
wall scroll that looked like it was just a bad Xerox copy anyway so that was our
experience at the convention quote unquote I think we spent a total of 20
minutes that and then we went to TGI Fridays and spent like two hours there
so it was good I actually went there to meet one of my friends from out of town
so that was my excuse for going but I'm actually surprised you didn't go Jamie
Just to check it out or you heard about it or anything because that was the one they were promoting over at a1 comics
Which oh, I didn't think it was at this one. Do we have the little flyer here? There's oh, I remember the flyer
I'm here. I think my fire away into the air. I
Had other things to do like
laundry
Well Saturday, right
It was Saturday and Sunday and today it's still going on right now doing things. I remember I had to be I was over at
I feel sorry for anybody that was coming from, like, according to this, you know, they've given directions from Reno or South Lake Tahoe. But again, what anime do they ever do in Reno or South Lake Tahoe? Do they ever have festivals like this up there? I highly doubt that.
comic shop you'll see more anime than there was at this place. Classic Gaming Expo was
in Vegas, but... Classic Gaming Expo's in San Jose this year and I really want to go.
Is it this month? It's like next weekend, isn't it? I don't know. I'm gonna check that
out right now. Well crap, if it's next weekend then I'm going to the Ren Faire. I don't have
plans to go to the Bay Area next weekend. Next weekend I'm going to the Ren Faire. Next
Saturday. I'm going to the Bay Area to visit people next weekend. Wait, I have to find
out now when Classic Gaming Expo is because I have to go. Classic Gaming Expo, for those
who don't know is supposed to be like the most tremendously awesome, neat, old school
thing. Oh no, it's at the end of the month. 21st and 22nd. No I'm not, because I don't
leave until September, motherfucker. Well, I think I can skip my introduction to Windows
class that day. Okay, I have no time to go test out of this. This is sort of an F-you,
but not really. Because I'm going to try to make this an easy A to establish a good GPA.
ooh, Jamie, SNK just joined as a sponsor of Classic Gaming Expo.
Ooh! SNK, we're out of business dot com.
We no longer support the Neo Geo, the last game is dead.
And, uh, Konami's gonna have an exhibit.
Yeah, they're gonna do
Castlevania, I hope.
Oh, right on. Oh, I have to go to this. I'm so going to this.
Maybe, maybe we can head to San Jose after my class.
Yeah.
I get out of my class at four.
We'll have to find out, like, what time everything's at, so...
Maybe we could broadcast from Classic Gaming Expo.
Yeah, maybe we should, like, email him or something,
and figure out something we can do to promote stuff,
even though we don't really do a whole lot of classic gaming,
except for, you know, uh...
I cl- I...
You talk about it on your spin-off show.
Which, by the way, there's news about some of our spin-off shows.
Yes.
Because I'm starting school in two weeks.
Um, starting this Tuesday,
Pump of the Volume is moving back to Tuesday,
Okay, so we can use the old promo again.
Right on, okay.
And I'm going to be especially stressed and drained and angsty and full of ire.
So you can hear me just bitch and bitch and bitch about everything and play some really awesome music.
I'm going to kick it off with an 80's marathon this Tuesday.
And quite possibly the weekend after is going to be me just playing random CDs that I happen to have lying around my computer.
Okay, right on.
Which right now consists of Monty Python, Taku, and, uh, um, the DragonEye CD I just
bought.
Okay, you know, somebody in the, um, chatroom just brought up a very good point.
Um, somebody in the chatroom brought up a very good point that as far as us promoting
classic gaming, uh, we talk about BurgerTime, or at least I do, and I promote, I do a lot
of promotion for BurgerTime, which I believe to be the greatest 80s video game.
Tappan.
What?
Tappan.
Tappan?
We have a lot of good classic gaming stuff to talk about on here.
And Tubin.
And Super Sprint.
And uhh.
Alright.
So we're going to look into what we can do about Classic Gaming as well.
Okay I think we're going to take a break and when we come back we actually have Bimani
stuff we want to talk about believe it or not.
And of course the cage match, you have to use the week, all that fun stuff very soon.
In the meantime, we're going to play you guys some new music from Pop and Music 11.
And our resident pop and music chorus here to tell us all about the songs we're going
to hear today.
So what did you pick out for us?
Okay, well, I put on, he said three songs, so I picked songs that were not hosted on
the Mani style.
So they're songs you may not have heard, so that's why I started with this.
The first one is, the genre is Nebuta, but the song is actually called Karasu instead
of Tori.
I actually got really curious when the song was reading the info on the page at the official
site, and it's supposed to mean crows, not birds, generically like that, because it just
has a kanji for bird, and most people would read it as Tori.
So there's that.
I also put on the remix for Yokan Ko, the Desu Rege song from 7, which I actually like
even though it's really minimal.
And then there's another song called, what was that, Tozancha Tachi, and it sounds kind
of like an anime song to me, but it's actually an original song that the guy from the Parkettes
made.
So, yeah.
Alright, cool deal.
So, this is the premiere of some Pop in 11 music here on Orange Lawn's radio, and thank
Thank you very much for bringing this to us.
You're welcome.
Here we go. We're going to start off with Karasu. Enjoy.
queer
queer
queer
Told you putty
ully
ya
You're welcome
Aaaahhhh!!!
After this song, we'll be having a Let Em Move marathon!
Noooooo!
Just kidding! Orange Lounge radio, crap free Vovanni Radio!
That's right, all crap free, except for this show, which you're tuned into here on this lovely Sunday evening.
As promised, I wanted to walk over to the main cabinet and play this game for you guys.
This is called Mr. World 96 Nude, and if you want to see screenshots of this game,
head on over to OrangeLawnsRadio.com, because it's playing live right now on our webcam there,
and even though it doesn't auto-refresh right now, you have to click reload every 30 seconds or so.
We're working on getting that fixed, at least for next week.
So, also, later in this program, we'll be opening up the Skype line for your comments
over at www.orangewonstrator.com.
Look for our recent news article on Skype, and it'll tell you how to set it up.
Also, in our live journal community, there's a recent post there.
So, we're going to try to get the sound, because I wanted to play the evil song for you guys,
but Loki's still working on sound.
Yes.
I'm a host.
Give me my phone.
Yes, Jamie.
I saw... I saw asses.
I see an outline of a penis that looks very lopsided.
I'm sorry, I'm not at home.
There's a really lopsided lump of an outline of a penis on the screen right now.
Let's see if you trace around the penis.
Like, see, watch. If the little character traces around the penis, then you get to see it.
Oh, some of the ROMs are corrupt, so some of the pictures don't work right.
But it's kind of a fucked up game.
I see more asses.
We're going to see if Loki can get it hooked up.
I'm going to start a game here,
and hopefully we can get the sound over, and Jamie will tell you all what's going on here.
Oops. Rob is playing with the dip switches.
Hold on here.
Okay, the little lion thing looks like a really stupid Pac-Man, but not.
How do I insert coins?
Up at the top, Rob.
There we go.
Wait, two-player?
Dang, that sucks.
It's not two-player at the same time, so it kind of sucks.
Alright.
Shit, I quit out.
Damn it, I hit the wrong button.
That was horrible, Rob.
I'm very proud of you.
This is wonderful radio right now.
Any luck on the sound?
I'm working on it.
Loki's working on it.
We could do a different topic and then come back to this, I guess.
I now need to announce that I suck at R-Type.
I used to be okay at R-Type. My fiance is like a god at R-Type.
That's like me and DDR, like I used to be really good at DDR, but I honestly have not played DDR in a month, so it just sucks now.
Here, I'm going to play this for the chat room.
So you can hear how bad I suck.
Got it? So we hear the sound now?
Oh, I'm hearing Jamie's game. Hold on, take the mic away from that for a minute.
This is our type. Can we hear this? Hold on, if I put the coins
in and do it. Can I hear it?
Can I hear it? No, we don't hear it. Okay, does it work if I hold the mic up here?
Okay, we'll hold the mic up there. Here we go. I'm going to try and get to the evil stuff.
I'll trace around the penis first.
Oops, I died.
See, I got a penis. Look.
Okay, now I'm going to try and make it go bad.
I'm trying very hard here to get there.
Go to the techno song! Don't choke up on me on air here!
I died. Again.
You have to do everything at the time you have to get rid of these without getting rid of those.
So don't get rid of... No, don't have to do that.
there we go almost shit I died again damn this game
Yeah, here it goes. Here it goes. Aw, shit, it froze up! Fuck! Fuck your cabinet. Fuck
this. Let me do this shit. I gotta do it the right way. You gotta play this game, cause...
God dammit, what happened to all my controls? What did you guys do here?
Loki is going to try to get that to work. In the meantime, I'm going to tell you guys
about some general gaming news that's going on out there.
Alright, I don't know if you guys heard about this, but WarioWare 2 is going to be coming
out soon, which is kind of exciting for those of us who have video game attention deficit
disorder. WarioWare is a great game to have, because you're the only one who'll stare back.
They're going to be coming out with this WarioWare 2, which should be exciting. I know that they're
going to have one on the DS too, and I don't know if this is the DS version, I don't think
it is, but they are going to have that coming out. Also, it's updated on our website, www.orangetownsradio.com.
And speaking of the Nintendo DS, Square Enix has been doing, Squeenix, Squeenix as I like
to call him, Squeenix is doing a survey right now for what classic games should they port
over to the Nintendo DS.
And they're looking at possibly doing Final Fantasy IV through VI.
Also on the list, Chrono Trigger, Front Mission, Chocobo Dungeon, Romanching Saga, Second Detsetsu.
Oh, here we go.
but he got that music
people party
i'm gonna make a deal with you and that that's that's awesome song
without without without weight of like ten minutes of train wreck radio to hear
that will sample alright
anyway moving on
if you want to vote on the esquinic survey for what game should they port
over to the nintendo ds
uh... head on over to our website or something about comments very uh...
recent story we have on the site
uh... metal gear solid three
snake eaters a new screenshots have been revealed
i'm sorry what would you say about that jimmy
that game makes me hot
gained that again makes me not to
uh...
street fighter anniversary at collection are broken art book
is going to let hit the u s very soon
uh... this is a big game cap comes wishing for the p s two
and uh... it's no surprise because a lot of families have been up making
stickies in their pants over making an anniversary collections i have three
five forgot to mention i got this for a while you're gone
trekkies too
uh... you know the film a lot of that sacramento i heard
evidence there
evidence there in their movie extras
of funny can you actually see them
okay i know i a m
uh... we have better put out back on the webcam again
And Doom 3, the minimum requirements for Doom 3, you PC gamers, were announced.
You have to have a 1.5 gigahertz Pentium 4 chip, or an AMD Athlon 1500, so you have to
have a 1.5 something to play it.
You have to have at least 384 megabits of RAM, which isn't that hard, megabytes, megabytes.
And 2 gigs of hard drive space, and of course, an NVIDIA GeForce 3 or an ATI 8500 graphics
card but fear not if you don't have a computer good enough to play it get an
xbox because it's going to be coming out an xbox as well all right so that's
what's going on in the gaming world right now I think what I'm going to do
is I'm going to go ahead and open up the skype line if anybody has a comment on
something we've been talking about so far this show I would like to hear about
your favorite adult oriented arcade game actually was something I'd like to hear
about. But see, Custer's Revenge wasn't an arcade game. You need to get a mic, Jamie.
You need to get mic'd up there. Also, if you want to talk about something going on in gaming
news, we got that opened up for you. Our chat room wants to know who that is on our webcam
right now on orange-launched-radio.com with the iBook, and that is our wonderful bugged
is there
did you know that for our webcam oh we got a call let's uh... let's take the call
uh... orange arms radio you are on the air
hello sky, sicky here
hey sicky how you doing
uh... doing fine
yes uh... what is your favorite adult oriented arcade game ever
well honestly i've never played any kind of adult you know adult oriented video
video uh... arcade game ah so you stick to just basic, your basic pornography
uh... i'm not really happy after all right yeah
it's all right well friends
all right so what do you call about that
well i got some of our latest news in the local
a lot of it is the money
who lost they get the money seniors i would you know i was in vegas for five
minutes this week
uh... yeah mccarran airport huh
iran all the way
from terminal a wanted to relate all the way to the other end of terminal b in
five minutes before you have to fight for a run
i'm i'm i'm impressed myself
all right so what's up in the las vegas mamani scene
at the last
there's been
the orleans hotel and casino it's got
it's a dancer second move
will occur
bergman
from some clothes
when you're in
no no but it's not a good look at all
it's a new orleans hotel casino
and i think it's because you know they have little bits of america all over
vegas
and
that's far away from the stress though
so a lot of people don't know their planet
Well, you know, yesterday I went there.
I went there yesterday just to, you know, celebrate my twenty-five years.
Oh, happy birthday, by the way, from Orange Launch Radio.
I played it for the first time, and it was really hard, because, you know, it only has one judgment.
You know, which is cool. I like the DDR, it's like perfect, great, good, and uh...
easy to dance the second move is only a one
which is complicated
interesting what's new about easy to dance the second move is they have
freezes
like freeze sensor and then uh... freeze pad
the koreans love those freeze things i've seen it like in every knock off of
another bumani game they have in korea they have a freeze something like an
easy to dj
but easy to dj rocks it really does
ah i see
yeah and uh...
Circus Circus is not much fun to play, according to the Monty locals here.
Circus Circus is my favorite hotel to stay at though, because it's so fucking cheap.
Yeah.
I stayed there, you know, two...
two Christmases ago.
Why would you...
Oh, I was going to say, why would you stay in a hotel there when you lived there, but it was...
No, before I moved here.
I know, I would stay in a hotel.
Oh, by the way, Loki.
Yeah, Loki.
Yeah. Oh, by the way, Loki.
I suggest you should watch Suicide Club.
What now? Suicide Club. I've seen it!
I haven't. You've seen it already? Yeah, I haven't seen it.
Hahaha, yeah right.
They're doing Blockbuster shelves right now.
You know, it's a Japanese movie about 54 school girls
committing suicide
in a subway station.
Yeah, that's not what the movie is about though.
Well, yeah, it's a mystery of suicide. It's about J-Pop and the evils of it.
It's about the evils of...
Actually, there's a really awesome movie. If anyone's seen Ichi the Killer, they're
making Ichi the...
Oh, I've seen that! I've seen Ichi the Killer, actually.
They're making an anime version of Ichi the Killer that's gonna be a prequel to it, I believe.
Yeah, I've seen the live version. I haven't read the manga or watched the actual anime OVA of it.
There's also another movie called, I think, Three Monsters that's gonna be coming out.
It's basically, I don't really know what it is, but they have a scene where they cut off
some chick's fingers while she's playing the piano or something like that.
Lovely.
Yeah.
Alright, well we're gonna go ahead and let you go, but thank you for calling in and letting
us know what's going on in your neck of the woods.
Alright, have a good one.
Be careful, watch that, each of the killer in moderation there.
Be careful there.
Alright.
Alright, Skypline's opened up, we'll take another call if somebody wants to call in.
Pick up the phone!
I hate it because I have all these...
I know I'm going to mess up the pronunciation.
I have no idea how to play it and I have all these porno games of it.
He has to match the tiles.
Yeah.
No, that's, but the mahjong is also like, it's almost like a card game.
Like the, the solitaire one is like that.
The basic thing is that you have to match the tiles a certain way.
Yeah.
And clear out the, um, the, uh, panels.
That mahjong is kinda hard though.
Yeah, it is.
If you, if you want, Dan's got seven DVDs of games.
If you want to go through them, I'll try to grab them for you.
Oh yeah, I saw that website.
I mean, he's already, no, he got them from somebody else.
There's a 9 gig, uh, that, that you can get. Ah! There's a mic in my face. Well, don't talk in this house without a microphone during the show.
Well, anyways, I was gonna say, I had a, there was a 9 gigs, um, zip that I was trying to download. That was before we fixed our cable problem.
And, um, so it wasn't downloading quite. It was telling me I had, like, you know, 4,000 hours left, and I was like, fuck this.
You also need to get this Sailor Moon Final Fight game.
Sailor Moon Final Fight. Let's see if we can find that.
It's kind of fun. It's cheese ball.
I also have a personal request because I noticed it wasn't on the machine, but you need to find me Ninja Gaiden, the arcade game.
Yeah, I need Ninja Gaiden.
You need Ninja Gaiden on there.
I think that's it.
Alright, anyway.
Okay, we're not getting any calls over on Skyblind, so I'm going to shut it off.
Yeah, screw you guys.
Yeah, screw you guys. We're going to shut it off for a little bit.
We'll come back to it later though.
because i want about the money is i don't think you guys got to this last
week talk about extreme right
to ever talk about the money on the show guys talk about last week i have a
little bit of all yet
hip hip all about it all didn't we
because i thought that you know i swear the guy that did him a more one of his
biggest promoters is from sacramento because i've seen the car like three
times now with the pin main license plate
and don't get that it was the guy who runs this one really big down the site
does live in a car michael near me and and
Oh, maybe that's it then.
Yeah, but we haven't talked to him or anything.
Alright, so DDRXtreme, DDRSpot.com, we borrowed an article from them
talking about the full song list was released, well not the full song list, but the
pre-unlocked song list was announced.
And a very wide mix of stuff, so I'm going to run through this list real fast.
Konami Originals you're going to see in DDRXtreme, Firefly by B4U,
uh... johnny johnna
jet world
uh... love love sugar mobile mobile got paranoid eternal pink rose
do me i was kind of a surprise to see that one wouldn't win that
you know you say that they've been there's the sensors who may not
go for that's karima ten o'clock uh... notices and that's extreme
for p s two
uh... theme from enter the dragon
that make me happy
uh... stupid barber
that makes me happy to uh... dot five nine or tango ku whatever you want to
call it
uh... bad routine
Dropout, Ecstasy, I Feel, I'm For Real, Peace Out, So In Love, Sugaru, Wild Rush, and Your
Rain, The Rage Mix, Kiryamoka, which some of those we've announced on the show previously.
And then we get into the licensed songs.
Some of these aren't a surprise because actually an article that Loki had posted a while back
about going into the disc and looking at the master song list did prove some of these songs
would end up in DDR.
I noticed I recognize the first one right away because I was hoping for this diving by four strings
Well, here's the thing. It's like they made okay the master song list. I mean you work on songs for a long time
They might not make it into the actual game that time
They might save them for the next game, but it's just like, you know
All the songs that they said that would be in there eventually made it in there. So
Ha tell those people that say what it wasn't in that game nemesis wasn't in TDR max
They could have an intention to put it in a mix and prepare it for the thing and never
not put it in the final release.
change from beta to final.
in the middle. It's not coming through. Alright, well. Logie's gonna see if he can fix that.
That's alright, I'll copy it over real fast here. That's alright, it happens. Let's see,
we're gonna get a copy of it real fast here. Other licensed songs that are gonna be in
DDR Go West by the Pet Shop Boys, I think it's kind of funny that they have Pet Shop
Boys in DDR now. That makes me happy. Because there's a lot of Pet Shop Boy covers that
have been in DDR before. Well there was just New York City Boy. Wasn't... New York City
boy and uh... was there another there's others okay look you got it here we go
a clip of diving
play in the middle somewhere
p0k3smot42o
Alright. That's enough, that's enough of a clip. Alright. You guys got that one.
Uh, The Kids in America by Kim Wilde. Cool!
That's the one that goes, We're the kids in America. Yep.
And that's, that one and Go West are going to have the music video.
That's the song I regularly played on my 80's show.
Right on, right on. I'll play it, I'll play it Tuesday.
Alright, right on. And of course, even though it's kind of, I think at this point the song's a little bit overplayed,
This kind of reminds me of Heaven, when Heaven was announced for Max 2.
It was kind of one of those songs that needed to be in DDR for a long time, and then it was.
And this is very much the same for me. Move Your Feet by Junior Senior.
With the video, so that's going to be very cool.
It was kind of neat seeing that at E3.
Music by Darude, which I believe I've got a clip of it somewhere.
And it's the race to find the clip. So far, Loki is in the lead. He seems to be looking through his list of folders. Doing a search would be easier.
I had it at one point, but I don't know if I'd do any more. Damn.
It's like the Iron Chef commentary.
somewhat. Oh no, I have next to you, I don't have music. Damn. We'll see if we can get
a copy. Oh, alright, Logie's got it. And Logie wins. Logie wins. Play a clip somewhere
in the middle here of music. All right, you're blasting people's speakers. All right. Planet
Rock, Paul Oakenfold versus Africa Bambata. We've played that before, I believe, on this
show. The Reflex, Duran Duran, which was in Japanese Max 2. That's pretty exciting. You've
gone too far this time. Simply Being Loved by BT. Don't Clock Me from DDR Solo Mix. I
believe that's one of our... That makes me happy. That's one of our songs that's in normal
rotation on Orange Lawn's radio, I think. Yep. Now I think it is. Yes it is. So we are
We're definitely happy that Don't Clock Me finally made it into a U.S. DDR.
And High's Off You by For Real.
And I have no idea why this song was, I know why this song is in USA DDR, but the rest
Most of us veterans are going to cringe.
Kick the Can by Bustoff has made its way into DDR Extreme.
You know that song never pissed me off until there was that little kid at Goffland who
played Kick the Can.
You were there.
I was.
I was there.
And then he went to another machine and played some other song repeatedly.
You'll enjoy this.
It was before the song was out.
The next song that's going to be in DDR Extreme is an old boy George cover that you like,
Miracle.
Don't we have that in rotation?
I think so. I'd have to dig for it, though.
It's Max 2.
Everybody knows what Miracle sounds like at this point, don't they?
No, we don't have that one.
Miracle was the first one.
Max 1, not Max 2.
Alright, that's enough. It's nothing compared to the original. Alright, Never Ending Story
by DJ ACDC, the one of course was in DDR 5th Mix. One of my very favorite DDR songs of
all time. I have outwet my pants when I found out this was in because you can't do a bad
cover of this song. You absolutely can't. I've heard.
I'm very much looking forward to that one.
Rob, I did find a bad mix of that.
Really?
It was a happy hardcore cover, but it was bad.
Only You by Captain Jack.
We knew Captain Jack would definitely have to come back to DDR and this is the song they're
bringing him back with, Only You.
That was like...
the video
no doubt yes it will have the video. That was like the PA song for a while. That was the PA song for a long
time
I remember that was like everybody could PA that on heavy
uh... of course this is the one that sounds like the old 50's song like it sounds like a song
straight out of Grease
boom boom boom boom boom boom
this is radio station CJ Boogie
with a brand new world premiere song from Captain Jack
only you
Only you can make me feel so true
I'll never, never be so blue
I know that I love you
do that one for me three now this is interesting because I didn't quite
understand what this is all about but karaoke revolution has like covers in it
basically what it is is we have license songs without the licenses that's what
these are these are the same songs the hell okay these are the same songs as
we're in like karaoke revolution so basically it's like you know the 80s
songs but sung by some retard I see so Konami got a little creative there and
They took their licenses from Karaoke Revolution, and they took the singers that they used on
these songs, and they made DDR mixes out of them.
Very interesting.
What a clever move by Konami, I must say, to get some very popular songs, including
Believe, by Cher, Bizarre Love Triangle, Ladies Night, Waiting for Tonight, and Like
a virgin will that make you happy yeah will make me very happy and it's not the
euro be one no yeah it's not the euro be one so also a whole shitload of news on
the i-toy modes this is the funny thing about the this is the funny thing about
DDR extreme is that it's like having DDR and then you've got like this sequel to
i-toy play in it too there is all these new modes in there it's crazy like of
Of course you know hands and feet, clean the screen, we talked about that previously.
Coconut panic has nothing to do with DDR, you just shake these coconut trees, but by
the way for those who don't know what the iToy is, that's the little camera that films
you as you're playing.
The thing that sucks?
It puts you in the game.
It's like Nick Arcade.
It turns your house into Nick Arcade.
So then you shake both coconut trees and then you catch the coconuts with your hand.
And the magical ball, which is like playing Breakout with your hand.
Magical ball?
If it had been magical balls, it would have been funnier.
That would have been awesome.
Almost as funny as super monkey ball.
There's going to be like a party mode that has some stuff including hyper dash,
which is like that old school Konami game, like track and field.
It's going to be like that, but with the eye toy.
So I'm looking forward to seeing what they do with that.
Or no, no, I'm sorry, not eye toy.
They're just going to use the left and right arrows on DDR pads.
It's like bringing back the power pad.
So that's going to be cool.
And then basically you can hit the down button and it puts a pitfall in front of the other person
the other person, they have to hit the up button to jump.
That's going to be very interesting.
Feeding Frenzy, which is going to, it shows animals, and then every arrow on the pad is
like a carrot or a fish, and you have to feed the animal the appropriate food by stepping
on the arrow.
Isn't that weird?
Sounds kind of fun.
That one's kind of weird.
Is what?
And then there will be a challenge mode as well in DDR, which is going to be interesting.
So there were some videos released by another website and one of them gives you a sneak
peek at what some of the interface music is going to sound like.
So you kind of get a preview that they've done new interface music for it too, and it's
all happy!
It's fluffy and all happy.
But it's not as awesome as a stupid barber.
No, nothing is as awesome as a stupid barber.
Which I noticed wasn't on that list.
Or did I?
Yeah, it was on that list.
Was it?
Oh, I must have just missed it completely.
Because remember I went yay.
Here's the thing, they should have really had like a porn star giant tits doing, you
know, the little animation thing there, because they had that one chick jumping up and down
that was not doing anything for me.
All right, we opened up the Skype, we opened up the Skype line again. If you have any comments
on DDR Extreme USA, something you want to share, we'll go ahead and take your call.
Maybe something we didn't mention that you really wanted to make sure we got out there.
I know one thing that was pretty humorous was they actually ran an article on Yahoo
News. Tell us about this, Loki, because you read about this. You actually posted the article,
a link to it on our site, right?
Okay, this guy is a professional game reviewer, and I honestly don't think he's ever played this game that he reviewed.
Um, because honestly, he doesn't know shit about DDR at all. He has kept saying DDR Max from the Xbox, and just like crap like that, he didn't know what the fuck he was talking about, and just comparing it with like...
He pretty much was talking out of his ass throughout the whole interview.
So the whole interview, the whole review of the damn thing was just completely shit.
But, you know, at least it had pictures and pretty movies.
Yeah, that's where that movie I just played for you guys came from. Of course you can't see movies over the radio.
But, um, I don't know, we're gonna take a haul real fast.
Hello, Orange Lounge, you are on ze air.
Hey, Rob, can you hear me?
Yes, we can.
Hey, it is Dark Knight up at the East Coast.
Hey, Dark Knight, how you doing?
Alright, yeah, what, throw a quick comment on the song list, it's a pretty decent list though.
Yeah, it's a very, it's surprisingly different than the arcade extreme, which is good though.
It's a little yellow different.
Yeah.
Yeah, but some of these songs I'm probably going to be like feeling miserably.
That's alright, it takes practice.
I'm looking forward, as much as I think the itoy is kind of a one trick pony, I'm looking forward to having my trick the day I get extreme and being able to play the itoy modes on there.
on there. I think it's going to be pretty cute.
Yeah, but that sub-para-para mode, that's kind of questionable, though.
Yeah. Well, you know, it's different. It's the closest thing we're ever going to get
to anything like it in the U.S., so we might as well deal with it.
That's true. That's true.
Anything in particular on the list that you are very excited about?
Wild Rush, mostly.
Wild Rush?
I could play that song easily.
All right. All right.
Wild Rush is awesome.
What about the... I know I love Wild Rush, too, but I thought maybe a licensed song,
like you know you know it's diving I'm so excited about diving because I love
four strings I love them and so I'm excited the diving's in there so some of
the summer song kind of crunches crunches never-ending story because in my
area that song has been played out on our fifth machine every time we had it
thank God is gone now which song is that again never-ending story Oh never-ending
story hey don't you knock that song I'm sorry but everybody is been on
So in my play round I'm like, just give it this one.
Alright. In our chat room they're saying it's not Para Para mode, it's more like Dance Maniacs mode.
Whatever, whatever you want to call it. It's the only Bamani hand thing we're going to have in the US, so deal.
It's like flag down taxi mode is more like what it is. It's not even Dance Maniacs.
It's, I look like a fucking retard. That's what it is.
You know what? When I played Clean the Screen, I did look like a fucking retard, but it was fun.
And you know what's cool about it is that it's more of a workout than...
Yeah.
That was the intention, I think.
Yeah, you know how a lot of people play DDR for the workout aspect of it?
When you're moving your arms in it, too, that's like three, four times the workout.
Would you rather look like a goofball or do the Riverdance?
I would rather look like a goofball and then have a six-pack and have...
Just don't do it when you're drunk.
How does moving your arms give you an ab workout, Rob?
Just shut up.
Look, just don't do it when you're drunk.
DON'T RUIN MY FANTASY!
Bitch!
You know what I want to see? I want to see pure interactivity, just like Gals Panic,
where they actually had 1-800 numbers you could call and talk to the women once you beat that level.
That was fucking awesome. You are being way too random.
Anyway, anything else you want to say about Extreme Dark Knight?
No, that's about it, man. I just hope this game will be successful as it always was, man.
Just keep it going long enough for me.
I think it's going to be huge. You know what I think, though?
Is that this is going to get people.
Between this and Ultramix 2, and I really think Ultramix 2 is going to surprise a lot
of people.
I think people who have been bashing the Xbox, and I admit I was in this category, and then
finally I got swayed and I bought Ultramix and I kind of ate my words on this show that
it really isn't that bad, but Ultramix 2, mark my words right here and right now, not
all of you people out there that bash an Xbox, but 80% of you are going to eat your words
when Ultramix 2 comes out.
I admit, I had to eat my words at one point. You will too. I think between Ultramix 2 and
Extreme, people are going to be rioting for a new arcade mix. Because I think it's going
to show that US knows their shit when it comes to putting these games together. I think there's
so many like new things in there that people are just going to say, why can't we have a
new arcade mix? Why, why, why? Give me time. They don't put a fucking iToy thing on the
the arcade mix, if there was ever one to come out, because that'd be the fucking stupidest
thing ever. And I could go into why that would be retarded later.
That would give you plenty of opportunity to make fun of people.
But still, just the licenses, just the new interfaces, the new stuff, there's enough.
You could take out the itoy and you would have enough cool stuff for an arcade mix.
I'd like to go into why that's stupid right now, okay? I played that stupid game, I Can
Boogie, okay, which is pretty much the arcade version of itoy group. Let me just say this,
It sucks. It's just about as good as plain itoygroove. It's just as sensitive. It didn't detect shit.
I completely failed my song, even though I was hitting it just right.
And they have really stupid music, and they're like Barbie Girl and hot stuff, and like all this, like, gay-ass shit, okay?
No, thank you.
Alright, guys. Thanks, man.
Alright. Yeah, we're just, like, holding you on the line, Dark Knight. We'll let you get back to listening to the show. Thanks for calling in.
No problem, buddy.
Alright, take care.
That was fun.
all right uh... well then back up maybe one more person went through
uh... d r stream
do you get off the quiet over there i know you don't care as much about the
archie do it to the expo
and a party is able to think about all this
the last summer play do you know i was when you're over at my house and we
decide to see if my red octane pad
well broke and i was a lot of it lady are by the way which is about three
weeks ago was india i had fun with it but you know it's just
I mean, if they're not going to make anything new in Japan, I shouldn't be that concerned
about them making anything new here, because I don't really give a crap about licensed
songs a lot of the time, and more about the original stuff, so...
But the new modes and the new features don't do it for you?
Well, okay, like, remember back in the day, that PC game called, like, Kai's Photo Goo?
No, I have no idea what you're talking about, but okay.
I've seen screenshots of these new itoy modes for DDR Extreme, what the fuck is this, it
looks like some goofy piece of crap like that, and it's like, they should just say it's a
bonus game for Extreme, it's not a part of Extreme, it's Extreme bundled with itoy bullshit.
But see, I give Konami a little credit for giving us new itoy bullshit or new bullshit
at all and not just, you know, especially after they took such an ass-kicking for DDR
USA and like the horrible stuff we got on PlayStation 1, I mean, for them to come and
do this and-
It is cool, I'm just kind of, I'm with the Japanese where I don't really care about-
It's just not your cup of tea.
It lost its value.
Wake you up when 2DX comes to you.
When I want to get some exercise on again, I'll break it out and then I might buy a new,
like I might buy Extreme USA when that's here if I feel like getting in shape or something.
That's about it.
I'm gonna put up a thing in our forums when Ultramix 2 comes out because I want to see
how many people went out and bought an Xbox because of Ultramix 2.
I think it's gonna be, and I don't know, I just, there's just too much hype about it
and I think it's gonna live up to the hype.
We'll see.
Alright, moving on.
We're gonna move on to the other Bahmani news?
Uh, actually I want to save that.
I think I kind of want to get into CAGEMATCH now because it's 8 o'clock already.
We're already halfway through the show, so we gotta get some of our regular bits out of the way here.
Alright.
So, yeah, um...
Are you doing more bad video game trivia that I can suck at?
What, the Orange Crush stuff?
No, the...
No, no, that was the Vanilla Sky thing.
Oh, okay. But...
Darn.
That's alright.
That was one of my spin-offs, though.
Shows you how often I come here.
Can they hear the Tetris over there? Somebody's saying who's playing Tetris, so I wonder...
Can they hear that over the air, or...?
I don't know hopefully not we'll see all right yeah we're gonna get into the
cage match right now oh no my bad I thought they could hear it just a
reminder you have to be in the chat room if you want to participate in our cage
match but it is the chatters that pick the winners of this stuff so let's get
into it last week on the orange launch radio cage match oh the way cage match
works I should explain this three songs picked by the host it used to be songs
that would be good for music video games like DDR and 2dx and stuff but it just
kind of turned into what's a cool song it's basically what it turned into so
that's okay but we each song picks the host each host picks each song pick the
host no each host pick the song and then we let you guys vote on them and then
winner goes into rotation all week long here on orange on three do now I hear
that while I was gone my song lost and it was taken over by Loki pick and Loki
what did you put in the cage match last week that it a wink of the ecstasy 14
hours Club mix the one that I made and played and I was being lazy all right
and I really like this mix though so we'll see so here it is you only get to
hear a clip of it because it is last week's winner so we only play a little
clip of it because we assumed you already heard it last week like a good listener would.
So here it is, a little clip of Ecstasy, the 14 Hours Club Mix.
Enjoy, guys.
The
The
The
The
The
The
The
Alright, that was a clip of song number one in tonight's cage match, a very sexy remix
of Ecstasy done by our very own Loki, 14 hours club mix, so yeah, wow, it's going to be tough
to be but uh... jamie and i are certainly gonna try i think i have a
song that might do it
i think that but we will give yours a try to jamie but i gotta say looking at
your pick
this isn't
this isn't what i would think you would listen to i'm very surprised by your
pick
return it turn on your mike
internet
well you know you like those metro mixes
but the artist is somebody i would never expect
you to like this is a sexy boy
you need to regain regal and i think that i think that i think that i think
and anything that's good
and your own
the metric
because
it's a metric
and so this is something that you think would be good indeed you are just
it's just cool why
and didn't know
it would be playable but i mean it
We'll see what the folks here think.
here it is, Enrique Iglesias with Hero, the Metro Mix, Jamie's picture tonight, enjoy.
my soul tonight
would you tremble
if my touch tremble
would you laugh
oh please tell me this
now would you die
the one you love
Hold me in your arms tonight
I can be your hero baby
I can kiss away the pain
I will stand by you forever
If you were a kid with me Why'd you hear it from me?
Would you say that you'll always be me?
Would you lie? Would you remember me?
Am I into me? Have I lost my mind?
I don't care you're here tonight
I can be your hero baby
I can give away the pain
I will stand by you forever
You can take my breath away
I just wanna love you
I choose to wanna rule you, oh yeah
And to be, have I lost my mind
Well I don't care if you're here tonight
I can be your hero, baby I can give the ways of pain to you
I will stand by you forever
You can take my trust in me
And I can be your hero
I can give away the pain
And I will stand by you forever
You can take my breath away
You can keep my breath away
And I can be your hero
Good voice, Metro Max, it's like a 9 from me.
Alright, 9 from Jamie.
Garrett.
I hear the original version of that song all damn day at work, I don't want to hear it.
Scale of 1 to 10?
Bel Air Radio.
I don't know. No comment.
Alright, Bug.
I was playing Cytobike. Cytobike was better.
Alright, Loki.
Is eh, the original song is like eh, and this is just like eh within their beats in the background, like it was like a five.
Um, I, it's definitely, I like it better than the original, I like it with the added beat, um, so it's above average to me, so I give it like a seven, so it's pretty cool.
Um, but I've heard better Metro mixes, like I like the Daniel Bedingfield ones better, but that's alright.
Anyway, moving on, I'm going to try this from iTunes tonight, because this is a song I actually bought on iTunes.
Hopefully it works for you guys.
Song number three in tonight's cage match is my pick, and I don't know if you guys have heard,
but Utada Hikaru is going to be coming out with a US album.
Go to utada.com.
Yep, and she's going to be under the name Utada, just simply Utada here in the US.
And the lead single is out now, and it's called Devil Inside.
And I liked one of the remixes of the songs in the single, so I picked that for tonight's cage match.
So my pick for tonight's cage match is Utada with Devil Inside, the Richard Vision radio edit.
Enjoy, you guys.
If everybody wants something, take a crayon
If you don't know my plan
If you don't know my plan
You don't know the future, baby, baby
You're actually missing all the action and dreams, baby
Maybe there's something like it inside, maybe there's something like it inside for me
There's something like it inside
There's something like it inside
Alright, that was song number three in tonight's cage match.
Utada with Devil Inside.
That's her first American single.
Well, unless you count Simple and Clean, but that wasn't really a single.
Devil Inside, the Richard Vision radio edit.
Let's go around and see what everybody thought.
Jamie!
I really, really dig her voice, but that was such a boring remix that I give it a six.
Aww.
Her voice gets a ten, the mix itself would get like a four, so she gets a six.
Honestly thought the original was so repetitive that it wouldn't have worked in cage match. I agree the remix is kind of but
Garrett um I never heard the original or the remix and I was kind of I was pretty fond of it
I like to voice a lot in that too everything I usually hear from her
Sounds like they want to be like Britney or something so I'm I know it's good to hear something something
I've sounded slightly more original vocally so I get a seven all right seven from Garrett
uh... but we give them a mic
if he's not to be playing something on the main cabinet
actually i was kind of thing
okay what do you think
uh... but in the last one
i would you give us going to have
uh... right
i love you
uh...
you know i swear to god i've heard that might be another car i'd just don't
remember what exactly it was
so uh... right and
and i like her
i like her music
but that was just like really crappy she should really just
take everything she does in japan just bring it over here don't try to you know
make it no more american by taking a shit on it you know
so yeah i'll give it like a six
uh... me personally it's very disco to me and disco rocks so i give it an eight
uh... let's review one more time and then you can vote in our chat room
www.orangelandsradio.com
song number one tonight
uh... ecstasy the fourteen hour uh... club mix
song number two in tonight's cage match is Enrique Iglesias with
Hero the metro mix
let's try that again
song number two in tonight's cage match was Enrique Iglesias with hero the
metro mix
and song number three in tonight's cage match was
uh... who taught out with the devil inside at the richard vision radio at it
uh... right
send those votes on over to uh... w dot i'm sorry
that we don't know what other dot com but then click on chat and then the sky
in the chat room
so place
vote now over your private message in our chat room
uh... and then i will do this
i tried to do this two weeks ago but nobody did it
but i will open up the skype line
if anybody wants to make a plea for one of those songs if anybody has a plea
for one of those songs to win so i'll see if anybody calls in on that
any predictions for what you guys think will win
eh... i think loki is a win again
we'll see
and then from holly
you can't vote for all of these people still in
uh...
moving on uh... i guess we'll get into the other people on the use of a nobody
wanted to call and that's all just uh...
uh... but the other thing that i can't get it to work
i have to make a comment that they can't get it to work
all right and i
uh... that's right
uh... so what's tell us about the uh... two d x eleven style news
guarantees and meaning me
you know so we're doing i have to say first up are you sure this is legit
because i was really good at that point where it is
and shouted very
they're telling us what part of it you know go well wait a minute you know
there was it didn't have that kind of air to
d r extreme to stuff that was going around right but
yet but yet
it will anyways um...
Well, actually, the strangest thing is, um,
DJP on Damani's style, like, I haven't talked to him in a long time,
and then we just,
like, he just messaged me, like,
like, one morning, he was like, oh, they,
we just found out, Eleven's style, la la la.
The only thing that makes it look fake is all the damn speculation that's going on it,
because there hasn't, there isn't a lot of concrete information.
There is, um,
a fax that came out
that they, um, it's, they said that it's the, it's the,
They always send these faxes out to arcades, when there's a new style coming out, and test
locations soon to give arcades information about the next upgrade kit and stuff.
And that was what was sent to whoever, I forgot the whole chain of people it went through,
but they said their sources from where it came from are very legit, and I believe everything
on the fax, but people are already saying that, oh, KorsKay is doing the system music,
oh there's gonna be an iconoclasm song in it and all this other crap and it's
not just wishful thinking because when I did the part that got me was that they
said that Oh No Ken was gonna have a song in it and don't get me wrong I
think that should happen because he's a very talented that's all the
speculation that makes me go that's so fanboy ish you know yeah well they said
like I said you know okay course K doing the system music okay DJ talk is in all
the system music except, um, Slake did the theme for 8th style. Unless I'm, I'm disregarding
old stuff.
But Chorus K is kind of made more and more of a presence in 2DX, 9th, 10th.
I would say it'd be a bigger surprise, um, I'd say it'd make more sense for a reused
star to do, um, the system music. Because all of a sudden it went from one song in 4th,
a remix in 9th, and then three new songs in 10th, and Chorus K still only has two songs
in existence in 2DX or 3. So I'm like, whatever. But they showed me the facts and stuff. There's
a link to it on Bamani style too. But I wasn't in a very Japanese-y mood to try and make
out much of it. But one thing I did notice on there, because a lot of people are saying
that it's going to be transplant heavy, I think that they may have misread that or I
I just didn't read it thoroughly enough. There's a part at the bottom where it says, it mentions
pop music, drum mania and guitar freaks, but it says collaboration in Katakana. So it may
be more artists from other games are crossing over into this.
Interesting. Also, speaking of artists, we just got this word in our chat room. Mel B,
who by passes along some official news from Konami, mentions that Shotee, I don't think
I don't think he's done anything in 2DX, but DDR, of course, is stupid barber.
Shotee has parted ways with Konami, so we won't be singing any more songs from him,
which is too bad.
Aww, no more Shoichiro Hirata?
Yeah, because...
Aww.
That's sad.
There was no more Kira Shunsuker...
I think that was his name.
In Popin Music 11, once I got my damn CD, I rifled through the booklet, and he's gone
too.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah, the only thing that I think is really, really weird about that fax is that it's 2Dx11 style red.
What the hell is that? 2Dx Red.
Did you see the fax?
No, you can actually see the actual fax?
Yeah, you can see the fax. They have pictures of EMAL cards on it too.
I know there's going to be an upgrade for the EMAL machine or system or something.
They said there will be over 300 songs included in the arcade, I think.
But yeah, just go to Bimani style real quick.
Alright, I'm going, I'm going. Let's see, let's check this out.
And then it's on the last news.
Thank God they don't have that god-awful music.
Actually, I really like that song that used to play on here, but man, after hearing it for like three weeks.
And then down at the bottom.
Bottom, bottom.
Bottom, bottom, bottom.
Headlines.
Alright, we're on our way.
take a look at the facts here. Because I haven't seen this. Remember, I was gone for two weeks.
I was completely out of the loop for like two weeks.
Oh, there it is. Okay, just click on the first page. And it's a link right there.
So when I came back home, I was like, oh, interesting.
Yes.
Very interesting.
Let's see, there's going to be more than...
What? With a little screenshot and everything?
Yeah, okay, more than 45 new songs, more than 320 songs in the fucking arcade, here's all
those email cards, blah, blah, blah, see there's the thing right here it says, it's like, I'm
being lazy, it's like miscellaneous spamani, series, something, music, collaboration, no,
can't translate it, it's a scan. Collaboration. It doesn't say transplant, it says collaboration.
It's an English word they're using. Popping music from many guitar freaks. New something,
something participating entry user something. Garrett's going through and actually reading
something like what japanese he knows he's reading some of the japanese facts
is all in japanese but he's reading some of it i can type it out later and do
of lazy translation on it too but i'm sure
i think that i don't i don't somebody obviously are all the people who did the
speculating and said stuff about what was listed in here i have no idea who
actually did that or if they
were going off their own guesses are actually translated from the they have a
lot of japanese users on there that can do that though
right here
you know the pictures that they show a really shitty
But maybe, like, for instance, maybe the background for, like, that one screenshot was FMV from an OnuKen song, because he does do his, you know, BMS files with, you know, full motion video.
And so they might have recognized that, and that's where the speculation for that comes.
Oh.
Just a guess.
Who knows?
I couldn't see anything in it.
All right.
Well, we'll, uh...
They have...
I don't know.
I mean, it's a scan of a fax.
I mean, eh, you know?
I don't know. It's just the facts. Actually, yeah, the scan of the facts, but it's going
to look the same either way. I want to spat out the machine where it was faxed from.
Still, it's just that OnoKen thing. It just reeks of fanboy. It's not that I don't want
to believe it's true, because I think that's awesome, but it's just so... I don't know.
I think if it is true, that's very cool. The Konami did that.
The Iconoclasm thing is very fanboy too. Come on.
I don't see how you would know who's doing the theme music and whatnot yet.
There were so many people who planted bullshit rumors when 10th Style was coming out on secret songs and stuff. It was not even funny.
They would even talk about how the Japanese really like to just fuck with us.
We're being called out in the chat room because it's not really 11th Style because now it's the 2DX Red.
It's not 11th, it's 2DX Red. But you know, how long were we calling it DDR6 Mix before we found it?
It still has an 11 in there.
Yeah, there's a little 11 in there, so it's a reference to it.
I don't think we're going to be seeing blue or yellow or any other color anytime soon.
Somebody suggested 2DX Grape for 12th.
I want a purple 2DX.
That's what I want.
I hope they change the interface up and stuff.
I'm sorry, what, Jamie?
We can't hear you.
I was taking a nap. 2DX burning.
Burning heat.
Burning.
Burning.
Burnination mix.
Like a 2DX Muru mix or something.
Alright.
That'd be cool.
Anything else you actually had to think of on 2DX?
When the fax came out they said that the test location was going on that day.
They were wrong.
They reconfirmed it and they said that it should actually be going on within this next
week because when they send these faxes all the test locations have happened within a
week of them sending it, usually, so that's kind of quick.
We'll probably, well, it's just a fact, it's just for the test location.
They do think these things kind of last a moment anyway, so this week, hopefully, we'll
probably sing.
Yeah, but it seems like the time between eighth's release and anything on ninth, and the ninth's
release and anything on tenth, was longer than tenth's release and now this first bit
of indication that there will be a continuation of the series.
kind of snuck up after 9th in my opinion. I don't know. Shit, they hella jump on these
things on the Drummanian Guitar Freak stuff. They just spew those things out. But they
said that the test location should probably be going on within a week or so. They think
that the actual arcade will be out in October. And also, I don't know if everyone didn't
know, 8th Style CS will be released before the year is over.
over.
Good.
Yeah.
Good news.
All right.
Lots of fun stuff in the 2DX front then.
Good.
So it's not a dying series.
No.
As most people would like you to believe.
Yay.
All right.
We're going to reveal...
If that's all you got to say on 2DX.
Yep.
All right.
We'll go ahead and open up the Skype line if somebody has a comment they want to say
on 2DX11, 2DX Red, whatever you want to call it.
Why 2DX Red?
Why?
This is...
Whatever.
I guess why Max?
I mean, why Max?
Why Pokemon Red? Why Pokemon Blue?
Why do they have all their bad Engrish titles and their banners and stuff?
Somebody in our chat room was comparing it to Dance Mania being like Dance Mania Best
Red and Best Yellow.
Which is interesting because 2DX isn't really related to Dance Mania, yet that kind of makes
sense.
I don't know.
Interesting. Maybe it's a Japanese thing. I don't know.
Alright, here comes a call. Let's check out what's going on.
Hello, you're on Orange Lounge.
Hey, what's up?
I wanted to make a comment on my 2D exploration.
Hey, we got a little bit of a problem with your bandwidth. You're cutting up a little bit.
Well, I'm downloading it.
Weird. Is your stream running?
Oh, yeah.
Stop the station if you have the station running.
Ooh, he's cutting out really bad. Can he say something again?
Okay, buddy, you're cutting out really bad. I'm sorry. See, try calling back in a little bit.
back in a little bit. I don't know what's going on there, so sorry about that. That's
too bad. All right. Well, we'll just try it again in a little bit. We'll keep it open.
Moving on. Well, with the Skype line still open, if anybody's got a comment on 2DX, what
think of all this, Loki? I don't play 2DX. All right, Siggy's going to try back. We're
going to see if it works this time. All right, can you hear us now? Hey, what's up? Huh,
weird. Well, what's up? You know what, you're still cutting out really, really bad. I'm
bad I'm sorry we're gonna have to send me a message in the chat room and we'll
address your comments sorry bud all right weird doesn't want to work we
were talking to him earlier and it worked fine that's kind of weird maybe
something on our end somebody downloading porn here in the house all
right I'll ask them
Because it's Strider, which is the most awesome game ever.
Nobody in video games is cooler than Strider here you.
I asked Ziggy to send me his thoughts over a private message, so we'll address those in a little bit.
Meanwhile, let's talk about the winner of tonight's cage match, shall we? That'll be exciting.
Tonight's cage match winner really isn't much of a surprise. Loki wins it again.
with ecstasy the 14 hours club mix. Congratulation to you my friend. Good job. All right. Okay
so hey speaking of which, Loki, any sim news you got going on in the world of the simulations?
Yeah, there's a little bit. Um, starting off with a few things. I downloaded this really cool, uh, theme earlier this week. Um, it was called Technolizer something to the effect.
Anyways, it's just some really cool, um, uh, StepMania theme that's, I don't know, it's just, it looks a little different than the rest of them. So, that's kinda cool.
out on StepMania, they have it under the themes forum. It's under a thread called, I found
this really cool StepMania theme. What? Was that the theme you were showing me the other
night? Because that was an awesome theme. Yes, that was the one I was showing you the
other night. Anyways, so there's that one. Other than that, some developments, as far
as sim stuff goes, there's a guy that figured out how to rip the polygon dancing characters
out of the DDR games, so he's doing that now. So that's kind of cool. And with that, he's
also getting all the graphics and background animations from the game, so pretty much everything
is being able to be ripped from DDR now, so nothing really left. Aside from that, there's
also a new contest going on, DDR OSC 3, which is another Stepfile contest. It didn't really
get much, you know, exposure last time, but now it's on, you know, Bomaniacel's plug-in
So, basically the entry date for that is now August 15th. Submission for files ends on the 22nd, and the first cluster of files will be released on the 29th.
With results, of course, at the end of each week, just like, you know, Turning Mix.
And, so those are on there.
And aside from all that, in case you haven't been following stuff, they actually do have support now being added in Step Mania for a bunch of different game types, including Beat Mania, Dance Maniacs, and TechnoMotion, which I thought was interesting.
So those you can download actually and play it, and I'm sure Alpha, I think 22 now will be coming out any time now.
So that's pretty much all that's going on right now.
Alright, let's see, now what we're going to do, we're going to go to a break I think, and then we'll come back and we'll get into the FUs of the week.
So if you have something angsty you want to send to us all, go to our chat room and send me a private message with your angst.
In the meantime, we're going to hear a couple more songs from Poppin' Eleven, and I believe Garrett has another surprise for us.
So tell us about what we're going to hear this break, Garrett.
Well first, I picked another song for Rob, it's a remix of one of his songs that has
a penguin-esque character in it.
It's a remix of Requiem from Popin' Music 9.
And then, after that, is a CS9 song, and as you know, all the CS9 songs were on this soundtrack.
It's Yume To Genjitsu, and it's one of the few songs on here that actually sounds to
be rearranged slightly.
was only like one song on here I noticed that on the whole soundtrack that
sounded like it took a real different turn from how it sounded in the game and
then last um a remix another remix of yokon co but this is from desk Rose
album and it's just like a pretty much all heavy metal mix it's strangely it's
basically game size but they added in another verse so they cut off the
beginning verse and there's no reggae to it anymore so but it's pretty cool so
So yeah, all right, let's check it out, starting this set off with a remix of Requiem, enjoy.
Oh
Get it, get it, go!
And now, let's listen in to an Orange Lounge Radio staff meeting as they debate some of
the new programming coming to Orange Lounge Radio.
Jamie, I have a suggestion about some of the music in our Bamani Music and More program,
can we talk about that?
subject will ever be taboo. Well I was thinking maybe we should move pump up
the volume from Tuesday nights. Except of course the subject that was just under
discussion. Okay well what would you think if maybe we cut back on some of
the tack music we play on the station? I collect your fucking head. Just like this
fucker here. Oh my god why did you do that to
Loki the holic thing on episode 69 was just a joke now if any of you sons of
bitches got anything else to say now's the fucking time
orange lounge radio where everybody has a say
yes everybody has a say here on orange lounge radio including you guys through
our chat room orange lounge radio dot com click on chat and uh... yes uh...
that promo works again because jamie is moving to pump up the volume to tuesday
night starting this week
jamie i know you're over there playing something on uh... loci's
on loci's main cabinet psycho soldier which is
which you can see on our web cam
over at uh... w w w dot uh...
or something that come
make up to it
Well, are we hearing it?
You died.
So tell us about Pump Up the Volume while you play Psycho Soldier here.
Um, I play good music, and that's about it.
Why are you moving?
Because I'm going to school.
Because you're doing your show.
Alright, so what time on Tuesday nights can we expect to hear your show?
Um, I'm supposed to start my pre-show at 7 o'clock, so I usually get bored and start it early.
And then we don't really end on time either.
Let's go somewhere between 7 and 10. Just tune in to the station.
Just leave it on all the time, and then maybe you'll hear Katie on Tuesday night.
Alright, so probably the volume is moving to Tuesdays this week.
And are you going to be doing the video game music trivia again?
Eventually.
Eventually, she says. Alright, we'll see.
That means Diversion will be moving to Monday nights starting this week,
so be sure to tune in tomorrow night for all the cool Blamani remixes and all that stuff,
some good stuff on that show.
Wednesday nights, we currently have nothing on schedule. Something will be happening with
my stuff. I just have to kind of do some other things first, because I'm going to be going
out of town again, so I kind of want to start a show before I go out of town, but we'll
kind of see what happens. We'll see what happens. I do miss, I do miss Vanilla Sky, though.
That was a great, that was a great show for me, so. I want to bring it back, we'll see.
And, Loki, you ever going to do anything, weren't you going to have like a game show
in 2004? Did that get pushed back to 2005? It got pushed back to 2000 and never. Um,
I don't know. We'll see. I'm still writing the problems with MAME. I've got to, like,
work on my cabinet a little bit. Like, I have to install more RAM because I'm getting lag
on, like, some of the keys, and I have to take out Joy to Key and reset all my buttons
and stuff. Yeah. Now I'm going to get a 512 stick. So anyways, so yeah, I just need more
RAM and maybe up my processor a bit. We'll see. Alright, Jamie, you got to put the game
on pause or else you're going to miss your favorite part of the show. You're going to
miss your favorite part of the show? What would be your favorite part of the show, Jamie?
The FUs of the Week. That's right. I'm done with Psycho Soldier. So, uh, what do we do
during the FUs of the Week? Why do we, why do the FUs of the Week exist on this show
about gaming nerd stuff.
Cuz, dammit gaming nerds have feelings too!
Oh, this is bad. Here is justice. Here is punishment. Here is... This is fucked up!
oh big f you goes to work for being busy busy busy busy busy and just say it was
busy it's horrendously busy and also a big if she goes toward like well I don't
know it's just that this week I've been too busy to be angsty about things if
you can believe that. I'd have to say another one goes toward people who have big patience
issues and I mean there's some things it's okay to be impatient about but not driving.
You know, do not change lanes when you are about to hit somebody like this stupid fucker
behind me who was right on my tail the entire time on the freeway today. I just need to
to get a Humvee. That's all there is to it. I need to drive a Humvee with an assault rifle.
Right on the top. And I'll need like a gunner to drive with me. You know, let's say it turns
and I'll use a gunner and the other person can drive.
What was that game with the two, where you and your friend would sit in there and like
crash and, it's like crash and dance or something? Bucky and Wild.
Bucky and Wild. We had one of those at my arcade that I worked at. But yeah, I need
I need something like that, or I just need like, you know, like an auto fire or something,
you know.
He's seeking, more on seeking missiles, that's what I need on my cars, more on seeking missiles.
When I first got my new Jetta, the horns were thumb triggers, and I had imagined at one
point that I would make them into actual thumb triggers.
Putting missiles in next to the headlights, that would work pretty well.
I'm sure it's very legal too.
It is in South Africa, but damn we're not there.
I just downloaded Lucky and Wild.
You want to know what sucks, though? As much as I would love to actually get a real Humvee and, you know, remake it,
you know, you actually cannot get a Humvee anymore because they're now ordered to be destroyed due to some contract deal.
Doesn't that suck?
That's interesting.
Yeah, when they're used up, Humvee goes to the scrap heap.
They probably hid Bush's medical records in one of those.
Or the military records.
For those who didn't hear that whole sentence, Loki said they probably hid Bush's military records in one of those.
I think they couldn't figure out which ones so they have to destroy them all.
By accident.
No, it has to do with when they were put out on the market.
There was, like, some order for them not to be resold, so they were actually, quote, given to a distributor who sold them for the military and got the money back.
But, uh, that was all. Now they have to all be destroyed.
Doesn't that suck?
I'm still going to get a Humvee one day.
I'm gonna paint it camo.
And put myself a big ol' gun at the top of it.
And drive that shit around.
I don't care if the gun works, I'm going to have one on there.
It's going to be like in Cruise and World, where you could drive the Hummer with the gun.
I remember that.
It was always either that, the school bus, or the three-wheel truck that I would use.
You talking about Cruise and World makes me think about Nintendo arcade games,
which makes me think about how I really want to play Killer Instinct.
It still says Ultra 64 on it, isn't that sad?
I want to play Killer Instinct.
Dude, I love Killer Instinct.
Anyway, sorry to interrupt.
F.U. to Killer Instinct for dying.
We miss you.
Killer Instinct.
And F.U. goes toward Mortal Kombat Annihilation.
Cause I finally saw it.
How could a movie that sucks-
Welcome to five years ago, oh my god.
I knew it was gonna suck, so I just didn't bother seeing it.
But Ross made me watch it yesterday.
I brought over The Last Samurai, good movie.
You know what you need to play in that main cabinet right now?
Street Fighter 2 the movie the game. Ah no hell no I played that game that game is deep it is so
Ass-tastic you wouldn't even believe
The best thing about playing Street Fighter 2 the movie the game though is playing as Kami
to address
Anita you actually cannot buy them army surplus anymore because they're meant to they have to be destroyed
Okay
People are asking me stuff and I can't read the chat room.
Street Fighter 2, the movie, the game, they have to see it.
I'll relay if there's any other stuff.
You'll have to buy your own M60.
Okay.
Alright.
But another F.U. goes toward how long it's going to take for me to get done with school.
Because I'm probably going to be done, um, probably...
If I can do it right 2006, which is going to, um...
I mean it's an okay thing because that means that I have more time to get in shape and
everything but I'm still planning on going into the Air Force Reserves so once I lose
a little bit more weight but I just didn't want to have to wait another two years instead
of one so it's pissing me off.
And another SU to Alabama for being so far away because I want to go home.
There's, there's certain places that I want to visit, certain places that, certain people
I want to see.
And I'm broke.
And I have no time off.
I have two days off for the rest of the year.
Not counting, though, the one day where I have to get to the dentist.
That means I can't get sick, because I got sick right at the beginning of the year.
I had all that surgery and all this other crap.
And then also, I need more days off so that I can do other stuff next year that I want
to do.
F you to me having to wait for two weeks to get my laptop, because I want it now.
See, it's okay to be impatient about getting a laptop, because your laptops are cool.
But I found a pretty one getting this nice tajitsu with the DVD-R,
so I can finally burn off all the crap on my hard drive and reformat,
because I'm going to have to start sharing it with Dan,
because he turned his computer into a main machine, built into a pole position.
you're going to see tonight
longest you've taken your at least for a while
and for a while
i don't know i'm just
you know what it is okay
you're a very old
set up
that excuse for women being upset
you know i love you
and bumpy kick your ass
i got to do the right thing i've ever seen that he was cute i have to say
that if i do you in the movie
thank you
oh my god though i mean
well i i i think any
street fighter to the movie the game
yeah i love how they play little clips from the movie and everything
you know i don't think that it was all of that bad
and it was
the movie was that the game is actually kind of okay to play
i thought it was very funny
at the chat and i think that this is an area webcam or something like that
all right anyway anymore if you seem to me
i have and at the end
you um...
man just
uh... okay just
i think at the end
i haven't at the
you uh... politics
and military
i have a big f you go to go to q r o
because they're doing a uh... storage white
let me know that i had been
seventy eight different individual items
among four characters on q r o
and then i tried to freakin then so i can get rid of some of my shit
it wouldn't let me then instead
it just wouldn't let said i don't know that no and i had to pay the items that
other people are vending so this is really pissing me off. Do I have to have a vending license to
vendor this crap? Because I can make so much zenny in that game but no. And then
an F.U. goes toward me not being able to afford to do Final Fantasy 11 because I'm going to start playing again and also
with my laptop I'd be able to keep typing to people while I'm playing Final Fantasy 11 but now I can't do it so it's really pissing me off and
I'm out of breath.
I'm having to like write this all down to follow I'm
I am and if you do
bad-tasting but perfectly textured low-carb cheesecake
and any more I'm waiting and all right they're moving on low-key
wait what nevermind moving
land let's see who's our Mr. Yeses
Hey Jonas, alright.
No, just during this video part of the show too.
Alright, uh, let's get to, uh, Loki's part.
First off, fuck you, the crack whores that try to cut me off when the lanes are merging.
Okay, so I was driving to take, um, my fiancee home.
Okay, and the lanes are merging, we've already established, you know, it's already one lane,
and we're just, like, coming together, you know, to be in parallel.
So what does that bitch do?
She tries to cut around me through a double yellow on the opposite side of the street,
like, going the wrong direction.
through there and like passes me up to get behind this really slow guy that's
in front of me I'm like what the hell so I flipped her off as I went by and tried
yelling at her but you know she was ahead of me so she probably couldn't hear me over my
music but um yeah it was she was a dumb bitch I normally don't flip people off I
just yell but this bitch pushed me that far so fuck you to her and fuck you to
cosplayers they're fucking ugly okay if you're a big fat whore you don't need to
dressing up like an anime character doesn't make you hotter doesn't make you
any cooler it just makes you ugly and stupid looking and if you're if you're a
hairy man please don't cosplay Yuna yes I really I hate you know seeing these
ugly ass people cosplaying we don't need any more ugly people in the world to die
one thing in defense I think that if you don't have the body to do like the
scantily clad on a matrix that's one thing the last time I checked
um... you didn't have a gut
himself
anyway
and all of us in the building
there's a lot of heat
not part of the group
figure out
and uh...
all that you know what do you know that that will anything which is retarded
okay it was just a really were a waste of my time you know the overcharging
stuff
last time i checked you know i don't think people are quite anything to do
anime but you know hey that she was there too
and also it's just uh... plane
but you know i can't make it because for some reason the wheels are saying the
push through the bottom of course
not good if i want to move this thing
said like on a lower at pedestal right now i think i thought
and then uh...
but you know what they thought the mall
i think i could just get younger and younger
just all these what's out there if they were never around when i was in the
interior high that really fucked
and that's it
uh...
i'm going back to my old f u song because it was better bumblebee
f u to uh...
lehigh county in pennsylvania for being so god damn boring
although you know i ask you to myself for not being more proactive about
finding things to do
i think next time when i go back because i'm gonna have to go back eventually
I'll be better prepared for it because I'm going to look up where I can go nerd out and play DDR and stuff, so I'll have a better time.
But they did have one gay bar there, which I went to, and FU'd to the fact that there were only like 30 people in the whole place,
considering this is the only gay bar for like hundreds of miles around town.
But whatever, what can you do?
Also, I'd like to give an FU for coming home and thinking the TV was stolen,
and then realizing that Loki had taken the TV and put it in the machine. What?
yet he'd been liberated
but i ask you to add
my future friends reaction when they come in this house realize you have to
watch movies
uh... in an arcade machine
telling differently about that are figured out
i think it's interesting
very interesting uh... at the ud to the fact that at your working ten to twelve
hour days because i guess really old after a while
and um... at the beginning on salary so you know the time for it
uh... and that's about it
that's really all i have to say i'm i'm always the left a few ones of the bunch
anyway let's move on and uh... see what
our folks in the uh...
other folks in the room here so i have to say anything i get
uh...
by the way it's a nephew music tonight brought to us by a
rio kosaka
probably i got a happy thought i think it was not to get this to be happy
uh... damn okay at the end of the song
uh... even though
i like candy
but i got tired of it
played it out too many times, DDR.
uh... fuck you starts off with my sister
for being the bitch that she is
i haven't seen her in two weeks
and then the minute i
she walks in the door
she instantly starts being a bitch
about everything
uh... but
fuck her for making me
chase the mailman
uh...
fuck her for lying to me and saying that mom knew she was
drinking and that
she could have some of my Smirnoff shit that was at my party and leaving it in my mom's
room and stuff.
Oops.
Yeah, well I didn't get in trouble for it, she did.
FuckTower for having such great sales and making me buy even more toys.
They had a three day sale this week that was 25% off all their toys and I purchased twice
online
really big
to uh...
but me for having uh... across right now that makes me feel like i'm sixteen
the world is going to revolve around it
uh... i think it's fucking ridiculous and i need to
i hope i'm just having mail p m s or something
uh...
that's me for
cutting on vacation right now and not knowing what i'm gonna do on vacation
masturbate
I'm getting kind of tired of that right now.
Fuck.
Fuck my anal-retentiveness and me not being happy with my room and stuff.
And I don't really have any more angstiness.
Alright, moving on now.
Bug, do you have any FUs to give?
It's coming.
A microphone's coming to you, Bug.
It's mainly just a big ol' FU to my computer for not working.
the back of course
all right ever break nice night
no everything else that fixed this week
so you don't have to be up to be reported to a m
action like that everybody
uh...
let's go to a jonas who showed up during uh... there are going to be doing it
also known as explicit with the triple x
Yeah.
Alright, what's up?
Uh, not much.
Should I just put my F's right now?
Yeah, get them out.
Okay.
Remember, it's a three hour show.
Don't worry, I don't have that many F's this time.
Yeah, we gotta turn, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Back your mic up a little bit.
Is it really that loud?
Yes, yes it is.
Oh, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
Okay.
F you to me for being wrong last minute this whole week.
God, showing up to work like fifteen minutes late is not good.
Anybody heard about the Biggest Field California Tournament?
No.
What's this?
Good, because I went to hell, so I'm going to give an FU to some of the organizers for not looking up how tournaments are supposed to be run.
Because you know how tournaments are done by PA, right?
Right.
They did it by score.
Oh dear.
There's a lot of problems with that, and they're not taking constructive criticism from other people, which is another bad thing.
That's not a good sign.
They think it's all good and everything, but there are some flaws that they should listen to.
On the other hand, FV2 sent people who tried to ruin the tournament for two hours.
I heard rumors about a two-hour delay on that tournament.
I'm not sure if that's true or not, but I'll say FV2 really screwed up my tournament.
Even though I've heard rumors it was in Zumel 469
The winner did the same thing to my tournament
And if that's true, he's banned out of my tournament
I'm serious cuz nobody
Should be banning a tournament for THAT long
Screwing a tournament for 2 hours is not fun
Especially when people have
To drive all the way back
from San Francisco, California or Fresno or even SoCal
Just to go to the tournament to late on getting
Delayed for a whole while and getting pissed off because
Blahblahblah
WAAAHwhahwha
Wham, my pussy hurts, wham.
Yeah, damn pussy.
Here's the thing, get this right, you guys.
If you don't like the rules of the tournament, don't go.
It's simple as that.
If you go to the tournament and you know the rules are fucked up, and you go, you gotta argue, you're just causing some trouble.
Now what would you let it do?
Would you do something like that, dumb skye? Or?
No, but I'll prob-
Sacramento's so sad now at Bomani, I'm probably not even gonna ever run a tournament or even help run a tournament ever again, so we'll see.
I mean, I'll still run tournaments, regardless of what's going on and stuff.
But I would never run one by score, that's for sure.
I know, that's one thing. Never run by score.
Let's see...
F you to squirrels for eating my damn food from camping.
I don't...
Seeing a bunch of spit all over the damn steak that I've cooked for two hours and shit is not good.
Therefore, even though I whipped the living shit out of those squirrels,
I'm not sure if you all saw this whip right here.
Did you borrow that from Aaron?
No, this is mine, dammit! I told you that I have my own whip.
I should have showed Aaron this whip, I'm not sure if she's interested.
An amputee getting bit by- bit by ass by ants during camping.
Ouch.
No fucking comment on that one.
Alright.
And after you for losing my toothbrush during camping.
Not brushing your teeth for two days sucks.
Maybe a bear stole it.
Speaking of that, I saw a bear during camping.
Did you see Bigfoot?
Yes, I saw a Bigfoot. I did not get eaten.
He was just walking around sniffing on those pussies and stuff.
That's okay.
Was he pussyfooting around?
Yes, he was pussyfooting around.
around. Um, and F you for the horse for fucking sweeping the tail that he took a shit on in
the back of my shirt. That was gross. You don't wag your tail with all that shit in
your... Okay, I'm cutting you off, buddy. Yeah, Garrett. Okay.
I have one last major F you. F you to my dog for having to fucking dog sit while my parents
were gone i had to wake up that fucking garbage disposal vomiting pete one
morning
and and the other that's all for now i i i would have to be through our show but
and let's move on to one
chair of that use brought to us uh... the music is that i have a really camera
nudity camera nudity ever
what the nudity
what's the nudity on camera now
night
what game is that
is that gals panic on the camera
uh... the cams over or is on the radio dot com
yeah i think it was the latest on
anyway
uh... let's go
you are terrible if you don't think
i'd dark tonight says uh... if you to rain rain rain nothing but rain all week
long, another being a broke-ass person yet again, and a final F.U. to not having no car.
Alright. Dork wants to say an F.U. to myself. Aww, how sad. Yaki Tora, I hope I pronounced
that right. Yaki, actually it's probably Yaki. I'm white, okay. Just says, I want to send
my F.U.s to the Kroger company because they love to fuck up people's paychecks. Ouch.
the grocery store change okay that's right it is
other routes other off another
uh... stupid baka says uh...
they want to know if we do the f used over p m respect p m we don't let people
do more respect for all they go on as long as jonas does
uh...
dark light at the end
there's only one if you tonight at you to the little blonde girl who broke my
connection concentration while playing paranoid survivor on tdr game works
yesterday she moved in front of me like not knowing I was there people like
those piss me off the most and I just want to hurt them physically so bad
panda says f you to my hair for wanting to style itself every morning and John
Fields says f you to getting food poisoning f you to no one calling me
back for a job f you fake gamers who ruin competitive games for everyone else
super Metroid died today because one of these runs because of one of these runs
Blown away by an emulator, the real time is 55 minutes, taking down to 47 minutes.
Hmm. Interesting.
Alright, uh, DDRholic says,
Um, FUs. FU to Jason for taking off for some unknown period of time and not even talking to me about it.
Uh, FU for taking things that I say to the extreme.
Uh oh.
I didn't see the message not to repost I just got someone in trouble I think she
was only like kind of like joking with those don't send me a fuse unless you
mean it because honestly like since the way I get the F use I can't if you tell
me don't read this or something then I don't see it so sorry guys sharks girl
says F you to the village I won't ruin it for everyone but it sucked I want
that two hours of my life back. Hey, that movie was awesome!
This is like the best movie I've seen in a long time.
Alright, VidPowess says F you to the whole www.ilovebees.com hype for Halo 2.
It's boggling my mind.
what is i love the dot com
i can hear you
care lucky they're amazing
it's all very all the gaming i think
that site
that back
We're near the end of the camp. Okay, anyways.
Alright.
Okay, uh, gosh, let's see. I guess at this time we're going to go to another break.
And then we're going to come back and...
What do you guys want to do? Do you want to do some Ask Orange Lounge, or do we have...
Alright, sure, why not. We'll do some Ask Orange Lounge.
On the Skypline.
Yeah, we'll do... We'll open up the Skypline, and folks...
And we'll open up the skype lines for comments as well and some Ask Orange Lounge to close
out the show.
Meanwhile, I'm going to pick some songs that sound cool for the Popin' Eleven soundtrack.
I'm going to pick some on my own, because I know I want to play the Orange Airport song.
I definitely want to play that, the Orange Lounge song.
And I'm going to play that one because it's called Space Dog.
Oh, and it's Sana.
Cool.
I didn't even know that.
I'll play, okay then I'm going to go back to number one then get some of the short ones.
Let's do, wow that has a really, oh we already heard that one.
I don't know, what do you think?
Um, oh wait.
Oh, Hillbilly!
I want to hear Hillbilly.
All right, we're going to do Hillbilly.
Okay so these are the songs I'm going to play this break from Popin' Music 11.
We're going to hear Orange Lounge with Orange Airline, Sauna with Space Dog, and Taisho
in the hillbilly genre with PaLaLa42.
This should be interesting.
Send your questions in for Ask Orange Lounge, and then we're going to wrap up the show when
we come back.
Enjoy.
Oh
And the bay door, oh bay store, To land where the remover's come,
Can you hear me, oh bay store, The earth is shining through,
So fable, fable
You take my blood and I know
You can hear me
I'm fable
You're far enough to fly away
I remember the time
When I walked home
He was watching to me, in the games that made me glad
One day he told to me, I thought that you were dead
I let him go, he was my friend, never mind your people and I
Hello there, hello there, hello there.
Nothing but the only one.
Can you hear me, hello there.
You're the only one in the light.
Hello there, hello there.
It's too easy for you to hold on tight.
Don't hate on me, I'm afraid it's true
I don't care if you love me, I care if you love me, I care if you love me
Orange Lounge Radio,
Bimani Music, and more.
All right, we are back here with Orange Lounge Radio, and the last fifteen
minutes of the show,
this is where we usually open it up to ask Orange Lounge
some questions. Also, the Skypline's open...
I'm sorry? Oh, okay. And also, the Skypline we open up at this time in case you have a
question you want to ask us over the Skypline,
or you just have a general comment on something we've talked about
previously in the show as we kind of wind things down. But we're going to start off with some
Ask Orange Lounge.
Let's Ask Orange Lounge. Some stupid question.
What will we find out this week on Orange Lounge Radio?
I know I have a question. One thing I want to find out.
Why is Loki playing a game where guys are shaving other guys?
Question number one comes from StupidBaka
Where did you go when you were out of town?
I went to Allentown, Pennsylvania
which is about an hour north of Philadelphia
and it's very green out there
and there's a restaurant called friendlies which is which is cute
which i think is actually a chain out there i don't know i'm so
like there's probably east coast people listening to show going
nothing special last time i was on the east coast there was that roy rogers place that was utter crap
i went to cracker barrel and that place owns
and i i have clove candy sticks from cracker barrel in my room
because they got me some as a going away present
thank you so much to the folks i know that of course they would never listen to the show
But the folks out there were so good to me.
I mean, they made that town bearable, honestly.
And, uh, they bought me gifts and stuff, so that was great.
Uh, Stupid Baka also wants to know, and I can't believe somebody's asking this, but...
What is MAME?
What?
It's the Multi Arcade Machine Emulator.
Caller, hold on a minute. I'll get to you in a minute.
But, uh, what is MAME is the person wants to know.
Oh, they hung up. Oh well.
What is MAME?
multi arcade machine emulator and what does it do it emulates multiple arcade
machines all right it's good stuff though I'm gonna call the person back to
just
i think he's busy now
but that
alright that
will see if he goes back
uh...
moving i will go to number two question
number two question i
yakki wants to know or diaqui torah or maybe just or i don't know
here's a question
Why is Jamie so damn angsty tonight?
Her rants were as long as the horror of the village.
The village was good!
I can't help it if the majority of people who saw that movie didn't stop to think about it,
but still,
it was a very good movie, okay?
Alright, well moving on, why are you so angsty tonight? Is that why you're so angsty, or...?
No, I'm angsty for other, other reasons.
Many of them.
many reasons many reasons it's ok to be angry once in a while
it's this time of year is when i get really horribly angsty like that which is weird because with
me i'm
torah would just like to point out
they've actually never seen the village they were just saying that's rufflesome
feathers well then go see it
it's a good movie
alright
it was a
not just a good movie it was an excellent it was a movie
it was a very
smart movie okay uh... it was
sharks girl says
I thought about the movie and I still thought it sucked.
Then you obviously didn't watch it with the right frame of mind.
Well.
It wasn't intended to scare.
I think it's getting mixed reviews so it's probably just getting mixed feedback from
everybody you know.
It wasn't scary, it was very good.
It was the type of movie I was right in the mood to see.
I don't see but now I'm kind of like I've heard so many like negative things but I've
heard some good things but I'm kind of like now maybe I'll wait for video.
I don't know.
Okay, Rob.
You are going to go see it with me and I'm going to pay for you to see it.
Well, hey, free movie.
All right.
I'll let you guys know what I thought.
We'll see.
We'll see.
All right.
Moving on.
Let's see.
I got his questions.
Kyle, our old buddy, Kyle Snyder, wants to know, I've decided that for the next few songs
I want to work on, I want to move away from techno and trance.
Would you want me to work on some genres that involve vocals like house, two-step, and jazz?
Or should I do some non-vocal genres like drum and bass, progressive, and big beat?
I would love to hear some drum and bass.
I like drum and bass too, but I would like to hear some two-step from Kyle, actually.
I think that would be kind of cool.
That would be kind of neat, I think.
We'll see.
Alright, um, but I guess does anybody else have any feedback for Trump?
Anybody?
Anybody?
Alright.
Fine.
Keep it to yourselves.
DDRholic wants to know, do you still love me Rob?
The answer is yes.
Just like Whitney Houston, I will always love you.
That was my rendition of Whitney.
I've been moved Rob.
I know. At least my stomach moved a little.
Let's see...
Somebody in the chat room wants to say, uh, what is Two Step exactly?
What is Two Step exactly? Play some, uh...
I would say, like, Jack and Mark get busy, kinda.
You know what's the funny thing about Two Step?
British people claim they're the only people who can make Two Step.
can only make trip hop because we're just supposed to be being making down
tempo because there's supposed to be a difference
yeah all right skype line is still open if you want to give us a call we'll see
if anybody wants to call oh well in the meantime we have another question vid
palace says speaking of maim what is your favorite classic arcade konami
game? Mine is the Simpsons. This is a good question. Super Konami World. We're all a
bunch of Konami whores. Super Konami World. What's that one all about? It was a game where
they took a bunch of other Konami games and made them into one game like these two people
made it into the Konami universe or something. There were two of them. They were kind of
fun. Alright. Now that I think about it, I think they came out on like the Sonic-Con
too. Way back when. Uh, anybody else care to answer this one? Bud. Oh, I'm sorry. Yes,
Jamie? Twinbee. Twinbee. Oh, okay. Bud. Stop standing on the cable. It's hazardous for
us both. I can't stand the symptoms because I worked at a place that had it for two years
and that's all I would hear every day. Was Bart and Lisa screaming. Like when they do
that thing when they were running through it?
Yes.
Ahh!
Ahh!
And that's what it sounded like.
Yes.
It sounded like a screaming baby.
Yes, when I worked him out in mics.
Do they have any shoot-em-ups?
My favorite classic, and then going back to classic classic Konami arcade game, motherfucking
Time Pilot is my favorite classic arcade game by Konami.
Time Pilot.
Gradius, what was the second one, Life Force?
Gradius...
It was Life Force on the NES in America, but it was Salamander in the arcade in Japan.
I didn't go to the arcade in Japan, I just played it on the NES, and yeah, Life Force
is cool.
Alrighty.
No.
I don't care if you're the motherfucking host.
Ooh, bugged in Dark Sakura having a fight.
But you're holding your hand like it's a gun.
I'll give her my mic if you're not careful.
Parodius. Actually, specifically, O'Shaubary Parodius.
Garrett, I know you're a big Konami horror. What other Konami arcade game classic ones
are your favorite?
I didn't really... I mean, you know, I never really got to play a lot of arcade games when
I was a kid. The ones I did play, I don't remember who made them. Yeah, it's kind of
sad.
And somebody did say Parodius.
They, uh, just say, like, I don't know, what else is Konami? I'm trying to think of, like,
the old-school Konami games.
I could only think of...
Uh, Track and Field. Just say Track and Field. I love Track and Field!
I could only think of the damn Capcom fighting games.
All right. They actually have a lot of games. Like, I think Konami was involved with Frogger
at one point. But all I know is they didn't make Burger Time, so, sorry, guys.
More questions from our chat room. EvilNauke2DX wants to know, he just said,
I have a question. Oh, here it is. What is that game being played on the webcam right
now with all the naked anime ladies? It's Gals Panic. It's simply just Gals Panic, not
Gals Panic 95 or anything like that? Logie says Gals Panic Super S2 is the one he's playing
right now. And it's beating his ass. He's on a really advanced stage at this point,
isn't he? I don't know. We'll see. Alright. I guess at this point, it's almost time to
kind of wrap up the show, but I was hoping that somebody would call in on the Skype line,
but we didn't get anybody. Boo! Boo to that. Nobody has a question. I cry. I see how it
is. All right. I'm trying to see how long the fortune cookie is tonight. I think it's
a longer one. Yeah, it is. So we'll probably start to wrap up the show here since nobody's
calling us on the Skype line. I guess let's go around and get everybody's final thoughts.
I'm going to shut off the Skype line since nobody's using it. All right. Let's go around
and get everybody's final thoughts. Thank you very much for those that participated
in tonight's Ask Orange Lounge. Meanwhile, final thoughts time. Umm, Bud, final thought.
Thank you, that was lovely. Final thought from Jonas.
Sucks to be late. Are you here to plug anything tonight since you were late? Do you have anything
you want to plug while you're here? Well, not really. That school's about to start soon
in a stay fair. It's coming up soon. That's practically all.
I thought maybe you had like an attorney or a sim file or something, but I wouldn't be
playing school. Oh, well I do have, I'm supposed to release
that for no revenge, the one that Loki was asking for me to do.
Didn't somebody already do that? Yeah.
Pimari Warrior, I've checked the sim file itself. It's not really that great to download
If you're in- if it's- cuz the sympho that Pimani Williams made was a little too repetitive
and inconsistent pattern-wise, cuz me and MJ are supposed to make the sympho by now,
I'm not sure if Loki- Loki, didn't you say you wanted to do the background?
No, you can do whatever you want.
Okay.
Okay, I guess I'll do it.
Alright.
Alright.
Garrett, your final thought, thanks for coming tonight by the way, and bringing us pop and
music stuff.
What's your final thought?
LOKI I WANT ANIMAL COOKIES AND THERE'S NONE LEFT
CRUMS IRISH CAR BOMBS MAKE MY STOMACH SAD
But they were very good.
Jamie?
My final thought is I'm going to go home and have some ice cream.
Mmm, ice cream.
Mmm, ice cream is good.
Okay, uh, final word of the show tonight.
Let's, um, I'm going to give it to Garrett.
You can have the final word of tonight's show. What do you want to say?
That's why I said home. I don't know.
One word.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is an Orange Lounge production.
Orange Lounge Radio is hosted by Dark Sakura, Sky, and Loki.
If you'd like to leave us a comment, send us an email at orangeloungeradioatyahoo.com.
And now, here's your fortune cookie message of the day.
the side dish folks always was always will be okay when they ask me what i want to say what do you
think i want this is america i want a bowl of raw red meat right now forgot about that bring me a
live cow over to the table i'll carve off what i want and ride the rest um i'm gonna open my own
place open my own restaurant get away from you people i'm gonna open my own restaurant with two
smoking sections ultra and regular okay and we're not gonna have any tables or any chairs or any
napkins none of that pussy shit just a big wide open black space and all we're
gonna serve is raw meat right on the bone and only men are gonna eat their
naked men sitting around a big giant campfire and no men's room either you have to
piss you mark your territory like a wolf and if some guy has a heart attack from
eating too much meat fuck him we throw him in the fire more meat for the other
meat eaters yeah cuz you gotta have goals cuz everybody in this room knows
everybody who's quitting me y'all have that friend who's quitting it you know
what I mean the guy's quitting everything I quit smoking I quit drugs I quit
drink and I quit meeting out here. I get up in the morning with a nice big bowl of oat
bran, I go to the bathroom for three and a half hours. I have another bowl of oat bran,
I go back in the bathroom for six more hours, all I do is eat and shit, I'm gonna live forever.
My colon is the strongest muscle in my body right now. I could pass Elvis through my colon
right now. And all these cereals they have, crackling oat bran and horking fiber chunks,
you know. Cereal used to come with free prizes, now it comes with a free roll of toilet paper
in every box. Guys get up on Sunday morning, forget about the New York Times, I'm gonna
need the Bible, I got a big one brewing here. Dad, there's a phone call, I'm on Genesis
god damn it. You tell them the call back after the creation. People checking their own feces
for fiber, you have too much free fucking time on your hands, okay? Red meat, white
meat, blue meat, meat, oh fucking rama, you will eat it. Because not eating meat is a
decision, eating meat is an instinct. Yeah, and I know what it's about. I don't want to
to me because I love the animals. I love the animals. I love the animals too. I love my dog.
He's so cute. He's so cute. There's the problem. We only want to save the cute animals, don't we?
Yeah. Why don't we just have animal auditions? Line them up one by one and interview them
individually. What are you? I'm an otter. And what do you do? I swim around on my back and do cute
little human things with my hands. You're free to go. And what are you? I'm a cow. Get in the
fucking truck okay pal but i'm an animal you're a baseball glove get on that truck i'm an animal
i have right here here's your fucking cousin get on the truck pal we kill the cows to make jackets
out of them and then we kill each other for the jackets we made out of the cow you will eat the
meat folks because this country was founded on two things meat and war you eat enough fucking meat
you want to kill somebody that's the way it works that was the ultimate american dream for me during
that person gulf war i was sitting in my living room naked with a can of budweiser and a three
and steak watching the war live on pv i had a six-foot erection with a giant cheeseburger on
the end of it i ate so much meat during the war by the time it was over three weeks later i was
like no no we need to keep fighting make a couple of stops on our way home from the Persian Gulf
first stop Vietnam surprised the fuck out of those people huh you make a movie not this time pal
Now, personally, I think Mama Cass said it best when she said,
Ah!
Ah!
Ah!
Ah!
Ah!
Ah!
Ah!
All the leaves are ah!
Ah!
Ah!
Ah!
Ah!
Ah!
Monday!
Ah!
Ah!
Thank you very much for listening, and we'll see you next week.
The afterbirth, the part of the show that happens after the credits fade out, and we're
back for our final epilogue. You know it's funny when that fortune cookie was playing,
somebody in the chat room said, this is Jamie's doing, isn't it?
I always pick the fortune cookie. Yeah, Jamie picks almost all of our fortune
cookies. I think maybe like one time I got to pick one.
I remember when we used to think of pre-recording them.
Yeah, we used to. But this is more fun. But that was a long one! But Dennis Leary's cool,
so it doesn't matter.
I've played longer.
I know. I know.
Aww, it's naked with a horse.
One of our Orange Lounge buddies wanted us to call them while we had a chance here over
the Skype line, so I'm going to go ahead and give her a call here. Hopefully it'll work.
Let's see if it works. I'm going to see if she answers.
No problem with the remote sound device. Oh, that sucks. Well, I'll open up the Skype line
for an after birth call if somebody wants to call us. We'll see. Otherwise, what are
your big plans for this next week? Anything exciting?
Well, I'm going to try to slack off as much as possible except for gym time.
I need to work out this week really bad.
I'm planning on going to the gym actually as much as I can
during the next couple weeks because I'm gonna
actually when I start school I'm gonna start running
because I'll be at ARC Monday and Wednesday so I'll just go running
or play DDR.
I really should sign up for a gym because I think I'd actually maybe use a gym
membership if I was paying for it.
I signed up for my gym. You go to Family Fitness, right?
Yep. That's the one I would probably sign up with. They're everywhere.
Yeah, in this area, yeah. But, we'll see. The hotel I was at
had a gym thing at it, but I was just too lazy to go.
Working 10 hour days, I expect you to be worn out. But I also, I didn't bring any
like shirts, or you know, like white plain shirts or anything that I could have
You know what? I pack very light. You know what? You should get an
eight-pound arm weights, hand weights.
And just wear them around me today? Take them with you when you travel.
That's not a bad idea. That's what I did when I went to E3. I had my weights with me.
Okay.
I hope we get to go to E3 again next year.
That would be blissful.
We'll get to go.
I'll be there.
Alright, we're getting a call. Hooray!
You are on Orange Lounge Radio after birth.
I joined a gym.
Why? Are they calling me fat?
No, I'm messing with you, man.
No, it's a good thing to join a gym, but at the same time, your first week you're going to be in pain.
I know. I've kind of worked out before.
Oh my God.
Couldn't I just play DDR?
Well, no, start off on the cardio, seriously. It's the easiest thing to start with.
And then, but the weight training, the first night I did weight training, I could not move my arms for like five days.
I was so sore.
Yeah.
I want to join one that has a big pool so I can swim because I think swimming is a great exercise.
You need to come to spin with me.
Didn't you say that spin kicks your ass?
It did the first couple times, but they let you take it easy the first time around.
We'll see.
Sure, Jamie. Yeah, they do.
Do you go to a gym?
Yeah, I do. I briefly joined one about a week ago.
And has it been effective? Do you have washboard abs and muscles now?
Too early to say.
Pretty soon. Soon though, right?
Is it you?
Two of us?
Yeah.
Soon enough.
All right.
Well, I needed that, so thank you for yelling at me.
I needed it.
No problem, man.
Later.
All right, later.
All right.
That's going to do it for tonight's Afterbirth.
Thank you guys for tuning in, supporting Orange Lawns Radio.
Tomorrow night, Diversion.
Don't forget, we're doing a little bit of a schedule switch.
It's going to be permanent.
Diversion will now be on Monday nights to accommodate
Jamie going back to school.
She will be doing Pump Up the Volume on Tuesday night,
so definitely tune in. And then Wednesday nights, who knows what will happen soon.
People have to put up with me bitching about school now, because I'm having to take
my, the classes that I'm actually taking in a classroom are Business Law,
which is my Monday Wednesday class, which is going to suck ass.
And my other class is going to be Intro to Windows
on Saturday, because I can't test out of it, because I don't have time to make it to the damn test.
You don't have the days off. So you're going to be stuck
doing it for a whole semester? Half semester.
Which is one good thing. It's half semester. And I'm thinking about
telling my teacher, excuse me, I know all this shit.
Can't you challenge the course? Well, I can. I can test out of it.
Oh, same thing. But I figure it's very useful to be easy A and get me started.
I guess that's a true point. It's on a Saturday though, so I can, since I'll have my laptop
I'll just play on the internet during class. Play Ragnarok or something.
Seriously? Good idea.
Yeah, I'll see what his attendance policy is, and I'll skip most of them.
Alright.
How's that for a good attitude to take going in a pool?
I'm going home.
Alright.
Bye.
Bye.
Now, I would like to pass on my warm wishes to our listeners from the depths of my, excuse
me, heart.
Alright, um, I guess we'll go into our post-show now.
I'm gonna play the pop and 11 soundtrack just kind of I randomized it all so you'll just hear a big clusterfuck of everything
From pop music 11. That's a clusterfuck
But first I wanted to play this song in case
My friend is listening and hopefully he is and he knows who he is
Mr. Bandicoot if you listening
Here's a song that I know you wanted to hear and then after this song from my Castlevania
It'll go into Papa Music 11. So enjoy and thanks for listening and tuning into Orange Andrea everybody. Good night
The
The
The
The
The
The
The
.
