And now for our feature presentation.
Orange Lounge Radio Live is now on the air.
Orange Lounge Radio Live is a live talk program dedicated to all things Bomani, and Bensum.
Orange Lounge Radio may contain adult content, so you probably shouldn't let your children listen.
If you do let your children listen to Orange Lounge Radio, they may turn into evil little
demons from hell!
Oh wait, most children already are evil little demons from hell.
Now you've seen that evil will always triumph, because good is dumb.
Fact, drunk and stupid is no way to go through life, son.
He jeopardizes my ability to effectively govern this student body.
Well, makes you look like an ass, is what he does, Ed.
Hamburgers! The cornerstone of any nutritious breakfast.
That was huge. Cool.
Do you mind if I take my new car for a ride?
Catherine, the only thing you're gonna be riding is me.
Have you seen Malcolm?
Lena?
Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to my underground lair.
So it was you. I was going to expose you.
I know. So I choose to expose myself.
Please, there are ladies present.
This job would be great if it wasn't for the fucking customers.
Dark Sakura.
Oh my god, I see a bloody stump!
Skye.
We are live and this is episode number 107 for this, August the 15th of 2004.
You're tuned in to the B-Money Scene's most unexciting radio station of all things B-Money.
My name is Rob Roberts, but you might know me as Sky.
Joining me, as always, are my awesome co-hosts in this corner, the happiest bunny on the
farm, Ms. Jamie Summers.
You know her better as Dark Saffron.
That was very anti-climactic, your little bee.
I know.
But we're old.
We're old?
I know.
You realize, you, me, Loki, we're about five years older than the Balmani average, right?
If not, maybe ten.
We, we, I don't know if our show's ready for retirement or the nursing home or something.
We're still kicking.
I'm gonna turn our mics up just a tad. Do not adjust your volume on your own. Okay, we're up a little bit.
Um, what was I gonna say? Oh, you're ready to quit doing this show already?
No.
Oh, okay.
I think you have to bring your hate to the master.
I'm going to quit for like five seconds. I quit.
Jamie! Jamie!
Okay, I don't quit anymore.
Okay, good.
Funny enough, that's not the first time she's threatened to quit the show.
When have I ever?
Ah, you know, I'm kidding.
Alright.
Also joining us is our third co-host, our third wheel, the tech master, Loki!
Hi! The mic is quite loud today!
Okay, that means you do not scream in it, you just talk like normal, there you go.
You got a loud voice, you got a loud man voice, you can take it away from your mouth a little.
The whole show is going to be like, oh I'm level.
How are you doing?
You going to go?
Alright, also joining us tonight, we have some very special guests.
have somebody who hasn't been here in a few weeks he's always kind of here he's
like our mascot I think he's kind of like a mascot because he's here he
doesn't talk a whole lot but neither does the guy in the chicken suit at the
football game so I'm dubbing him our mascot it's Arcadian 42 yeah I had gas
today oops I'm in my car again yesterday can I get a go team go go stop stop
don't go anymore. Go, go, go, go. And where have you been, young man? In my apartment.
You missed a big show last week. Yeah, I didn't have a guest last week. We actually had like
a big show last week. I'm actually afraid to see how many people come back because last
week our show was dominated by this song, I don't know, this cure-ed song that I guess
was big or something. We had to play and there was tons of people here, so I'm kind of curious
how many actually come back to hear what the real train wreck sounds like tonight. Because
on tonight's platter, you guys, absolutely nothing! Alright. Alright. Anyway, also with
us tonight, the lovely DDR Angel is back this week. Hello! I have cheesed it. Yeah.
Czestas, what kind?
Uh, chugger and jack, I don't ask.
Alright, we'll be talking to all our guests a little bit more later.
We're going to definitely play some How Was Your Week, How Was Your Day when we come back, and then I suppose we're going to do some Bamani news too, we should take care of.
Attention John Field, my name is not Jammie.
Thank you, 1M please.
Jamie will scold you if you want to join our chat room www.orangelaungeradio.com
Click on chat and be paraded by the lovely dark chakra.
Alright, in this break I thought we could do some booty-riffic music from DDR Solo 2000
Cause I wanted to hear I'm Alive. We'll do some Don't Clock Me and maybe some Captain Jack too in this break.
in this break. So we'll be back in a little bit with Orange Lounge Radio.
Baby, I'm alive, yeah, yeah
I love you, baby
The feelings all around me
I want you, baby, all night long
We're together
The dream has no ending
Let's come together and sing our song
I can't say I love you, love you
I wanna love you, love you
I can't say I love you
I feel
But I'm alive, I'm alive, I'm alive, baby I'm alive
Yeah baby
Yes I'm alive, I'm alive, I'm alive, baby I'm alive
I'm alive, I'm alive
I'm alive, baby I'm alive
Cause I'm a-la-la-la-la-alive Baby, I'm alive, a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a
Come on, baby Let's dream a dream together
A dream that is real
Don't die, don't die Don't die, don't die
It's the only way you'll be before you're making me free
Ooh, la-da-dee, la-da-da
Don't try to stop me, don't wait up and go
Don't watch me, don't be, don't watch me
Don't try to stop me, don't wait up and go
Don't watch me
Crockin' like a nut, crackin' crust is a nut
This is a vice for my rifle when I'm on the cut
After end, you memorialize the state of your birth
Back then you're like Gatorade when I'm quitchin' my serve
I'm the fashionist at the end, you're the fable
I touch it like my duty, just a record on the table
I'm on a fox, get off the battleground
You're no master for the gods, I could beat you down
Just rock me, don't try to stop me Don't wait up and, yo
Just clap for me, don't try to stop me Don't wait up and yell, don't clap me to
beat Just clap for me, don't try to stop me, yo
Don't try to fly me!
Bye-bye, baby.
Yeah, two cents, yeah.
Give us money.
Give me money.
Actually, I'm thinking about, I'm thinking about putting a poll on the website next week.
You should go to our website and always take the poll and take old polls too, because polls
are important.
But remember, when you're done taking them, give them back.
What is this week's poll anyway?
I forget.
Over on orangeontario.com.
I think it has something to do with Xbox.
I think it was about that quad mode, which we'll talk about later, that quad mode on
UltraMix.
Yeah.
I want to know what you guys think about quad mode on UltraMix too.
talk about this later. We gotta go vote in our poll on orangeloungerator.com. There will
be a poll coming up soon about who wants to buy an orange lounge t-shirt, because I happen
to have a friend at work who has a friend that owns a t-shirt business, who can get
us some deals on t-shirts. I'm thinking about doing a little money making for the show,
so especially if we're going to have to raise that cap thanks to last week's show, so we'll
see. Nobody's locked out of the stream tonight though. Plenty of spots still available if
you have a friend who wants to listen to the show. Definitely. And if they don't want to
make them. That's right. And certainly, you know, there's all these past polls on the
site too that you can still go take. Then we'll see who wants a shirt. The polls are
fun. Yeah, the polls are fun. They're interesting. They are. In a poll-like way. Yeah. Not a
whole lot of sites that do DDR polling out there. I mean, of course there's DDR Freak,
but unfortunately we only get one new poll a month there. And who else does polls on
their site. I can't think of any. There's a few other, but they're not really
Bemani related. They're not us. That's the important thing. Yeah, they're not us.
So go support the Orange Laundrio poll. Of course, tonight, lots to talk about in
the Bemani world. I think what we're going to do tonight, because last week was kind
of dominated by Segerd being here among our other guests. Segerd might be back, by the
way. Segerd... He was cool. He should come back.
I don't know. Well, I mean, of course, he's been a longtime guest of the show. It's just
now people care who he is because he works for Konami, but... We always care about him.
We always loved him. We knew Seagurd when he was underground, okay? Yeah, we knew him
back in the days of his old nickname. We listened to him when he was underground. We saw him
dunk. Well, here's the thing is that the weekend he comes back, I don't know if I should say
what weekend he might come back, because it depends on work. Because, you know, they work
those Konami employees. Is this the weekend I'm thinking it is? It's the weekend that
Jamie might be going camping. Let me put it this way, it's the next weekend we're probably
going to do a dunk show? What would that be? When I'm going camping. Oh, you suck! Alright,
alright, we'll see, we'll see. I want to go... In two weeks we're doing a drug show, or at
least I'm doing a drug show. Do you have Monday offers? No, I'll take Monday off on my birthday
weekend. Oh, okay. Jamie will do... To celebrate the crashing of planes. If I'm here, I'll
I'll do a shot of tequila, but I'm not going to drink like I did last time.
You know how I drank last time.
Yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
I remember that.
Tequila is not low carb.
So we'll have Seagrid back in a few weeks.
But since last week was kind of dominated by him being here, not only that, but us teasing
everybody with the Urine thing, and then we also had Pirate Power was here, and who else
was here?
Angel was here, and Anita.
So we kind of pushed all the Maimani news aside, except for the Uran thing, and hints.
The running gag last week was that everything was a hint.
So now we're actually going to go back and talk about some of the Maimani news from last
week and this week, because there's been a lot in the past two weeks.
A lot of Maimanias.
I did notice, though, general consensus.
I think a lot of people like the original better.
I don't.
I prefer the remix.
I do prefer the remix.
Did I have to say I like the original better?
I think it's certainly better suited for DDR.
Well, yeah, for DDR, but I mean as a song.
I think I like, I think it would just depend on the mood I'm in. Like, I think the original
works better in the scope of a Silent Hill soundtrack, but the new one works better for
a Dancy soundtrack, so. Well, true.
We'll play it, we'll play it again tonight, because I know some people may have missed
it last week, so we'll play it again tonight at some point. We won't make it wait two hours
this time, we'll play it soon. But I'll have some other songs we have to play too, because
you know, they announced a bunch of stuff for Ultra Mix, and some of you guys, even
though they're from 2DX, you haven't heard it before, so we definitely want to make sure
you hear this before the game comes out. Oh, Rob.
What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What?
I'm just getting out of the way early.
Damn it. My prop isn't working. My baby won't work for you.
My prop isn't working. Oh shit. All my work is about to fall off the table.
Throw me the baby. Hold on. Hold on.
Whee! Babies. Alright. Anyway.
Moving on, we've got to get this out of the way though because this is how we start off
every show.
We have to talk a little bit about how was your week, how was your day, and starting
us off as always the lovely Dark Sakura is going to say how her week was and how her
day was.
My week was pretty dull, yeah it was just work, except that I started class on Wednesday.
I had my first orientation for one of my online classes and I took another orientation on
Saturday and dropped some really retarded class that
they're making me take, which was Intro to Windows.
When I found out what the last course was, I
dropped it so fast.
The last assignment in that class, Rob, is how to rename
and move files.
Wow, that sounds difficult.
That sounds really stupid.
I know five-year-olds that can rename files, OK?
So I dropped the class, and I'm going to
petition the dean next quarter uh... next semester to let me uh... test out
of it
i could do that with mike
you know windows three point one
way back when
i could rename files and dot
who
so yeah
you remember i would remember who were using windows back when it was
underground
asher way back back when this little you know
kid and college thought he was brilliant and was going to make a different operating system.
Back when they were an indie band, you were using Windows.
But I'm going to, there's a bunch of classes I'm going to test out of because they're really
stupid.
And I'm also planning on going back to finish, I'm thinking about double majoring, so I'm
still sort of considering that but it's just been work school stuff a little bit
of a personal drama in my life not nothing major I've I've been kind of
stressed out so but I'm working on trying to stay positive trying to stay
happy trying to you know not erupt into random bouts of bitchiness over things
beyond my control I have a song to dedicate to you Jamie no why cuz it's no
more drama haven't you heard this song yeah it's from one of the stupid soap
operas well it's actually raps on the sample so hold on hold on let it kick in
here that is desperation okay that's almost as bad as when the Fuji's ripped
that Enya song. Okay? That's really, really bad. Really bad.
This definitely should be in DDR. I know a lot of people that could use that song.
Yeah, I don't think that there's anything really all that major that happened in my
I don't think that there's anything really all that major that happened in my week. Nothing of notable circumstance, so
Well, aren't you boring? I'm just kidding. Well, bite me
I'm just teasing you. You know, boring. It occurs since there was a curse that says may you live in interesting times
Interesting. There's also another one that says may the fleas of a thousand camels rest in your genitals, but I don't go through that one
I'm gonna pass on the mic.
Alright, moving on. Let's talk to DDR Angel and see how her week and her day was.
Angel. Hi, um, oh jeez.
Okay, here, hold on. Oh, Jamie wants to say one more thing. I broke Dan's main cabinet.
How'd you break it? Actually, I pulled the joystick thing loose from the thing
with my, uh... You pulled the thing from the thing? The joystick mechanism.
I pulled it, it's attached underneath the panel, and I pulled it loose
So it sunk into the panel.
Because his machine could not withstand my mad Street Fighter Alpha 2 prowess.
I see.
Anyway, hi.
Hi Angel, how was your week? How was your day?
Pretty good. Just been working and stuff.
I signed up for classes yesterday.
So, oh my god, we're all going to meet in the cafeteria and be like lunchtime high school crap.
Yeah, I guess so. Here, wait, let the, let the ferret talk for a second.
See, he likes it too.
Okay.
I still want to set the ferrets on fire.
No! No! Anyway, um, yeah, so...
Maybe for Halloween.
Just work, and gonna be school soon, and...
I don't know, my life's pretty boring now that I'm up here.
But it's okay, I guess.
How has your last five weeks been?
Right on. That'd be good.
Which is nice.
Like, in a few months I get more money, so that would be good.
And not sitting at home all day every day like I usually do.
Just go out to the stores and not play anything else.
Uh, I haven't played any Bimani in, like, a long time.
And because, uh, data entry all day doesn't really mess very well with the Beatmania.
the only thing I have at home that I can play anymore because I sold everything else.
Okay, and that's about all. Today I just sat around, watched a little bit of something
on tape that I taped a long time ago that I wanted to watch again, and then played on
play on the computer, and, came here!
Exciting.
Alright.
Loki!
Hey buddy, how was your week, how was your day?
Uh, I didn't do anything, just played Final Fantasy, and uh,
I was working on my cabinet because I got the new thing to fix it so there's no lag,
but, um, that didn't work too well so I need to rewire the whole damn thing,
Which will, in the end, be better anyways, because it's a real mess as far as wires go.
And, um, I don't know. Just, like, sitting there at work and reading the internet, that's pretty much all I do.
Nothing interesting, I'm afraid. Damn, that would suck.
Yeah, so what's up? Wow, am I the only one that actually tried to go play some DDR this week?
Which is what? I played step mania. I don't know if step mania counts. Step mania is not DDR. It is not DDR. No, that's a message to everybody. Step mania is not DDR. If you triple A something in step mania, it doesn't mean shit. Okay? Why? Why does it mean shit? Because I said so. Because it's not the same thing. Using your fingers and using your feet are two different things. But you're playing on a pad. If you're playing on a pad, it still doesn't count because step mania is not DDR and it's different timing.
You can actually make the timing exact so what do you have to say about that? I think it's a load of crap
It's still not DDR and you can buy me. So how was your week? Oh my week?
My week I spent making fun of Statmania people who say it's DDR. No. Ah continuation
I forgot to mention because I'm sure Rob want to talk about this anyways
The other thing I was doing this week is researching interdimensional communication and yeah, I'm going to build a device.
Let me say that again for those that didn't catch it. Loki is studying interdimensional communication and he's going to build a device. What kind of device?
He's ripping in a portal to hell.
a germane
no it's a germane
no it's not a pearl to hell god damn it that's the same thing i said
i said he's building a vortex to hell is what he's making right now
this show is a vortex to hell
i am i'm basically uh...
recreating an experiment done by some guy who is now dead
and we know why
okay anyways
it's basically it's uh... it's
called a germanium communicator. The reason why it's called a germanium communicator is
because isn't a germanium what you keep gerbils in? It's a plant. You're trying to talk to
plants. No, I'm not germanium. People at my work do that. Germanium. Like german with
an i-u-m. Isn't that an element? Exactly. That's what it is. It's an element. It's like
one of the- Number 37 on the periodical chart, it has the same comp- or the same compounds
as, uh, silicon almost. You can make boobs out of it! Silicon, not silicone! God! Adding
letters to my stuff. Anyways, no, so I'm gonna buy- I'm buying an in-go of this stuff off
the internet since they don't really, you know, sell- which you can make by synthesizing
for the ore plus a fire crystal. Just for the record. And you say, I'm a Final Fantasy
addict. God. So I'm buying an Ingo of this stuff. Basically what it does is you use that,
you put pressure on it with some sort of screw that makes a focal point or whatever. Then
you wire that to two coils and run that to, you know, your stereo in jack. And you're
supposed to be able to then record the dead or the, you know, people on another dimension.
Anyways, this is an experiment. It did work, like, about ten years ago, so I don't see why it wouldn't work now.
I know everyone thinks I'm crazy, but I'm gonna laugh at you when it works. I'm gonna laugh at you.
How do you know if they're dead? What if they're really demons?
Well, here's the thing. What if you're picking up, like, a baby monitor upstairs or something?
I hear something noise.
Well, that's funny you should mention that, because this in no way can pick up radio waves or, you know, any sort of broadcast of that form.
it only picks up I think magnetic frequencies so sorry it doesn't work that
way you can't do radio do you have Final Fantasy 11 in hell no it's hell of
course we have it I will post in the chat room the website that I'm going to
they actually have recordings of this that's been done a while back and funny
enough the guy that was basically doing this who also won a Nobel Prize and has
a PhD in experimental sciences. All things that you don't have. All things that I don't
have. I don't fucking care, okay? Because what I don't have, I'm going to make better
because his device only had a small piece that was a 2mm by 3.5mm piece of germanium.
I'm using an inch by an inch piece of germanium. It's 25 times the size. I'm just multiplying
everything by 25. So are you an advocate that bigger is better? Notice how Loki has taken
what you do for cookies, like when you have too much cookie dough, you just double the
recipe for everything, right? He's taken that and now he's gonna multiply everything on
this talking to the dead communicator by 25. He's gonna build a vortex to hell, I'm telling
you.
So basically he's applying the math behind cookie dough to metaphysical communication.
Now what I suggested over dinner when Loki was telling us the first time is that we could
take this device to golf land and really mess with people.
Like I think we should hook it up so that it's in that area between the pad and the
screen so when little kids run in front of it, they have, zoop, they get sucked into
hell.
Okay, first off, like I said before, it's not a fucking vortex to hell.
That's another device to which I do not have the schematics for.
Can you build one of those? Because I really want to get rid of some of those people at
golf line.
Did you ever see the gate? You have to dig a hole in your backyard.
Okay, listen now. Honestly, seriously, I am, you know, interested in this stuff. I don't
know if it's a phase or something, but I am so fucking bored at work, I have nothing to
do. And this is what they're forcing me to do.
So first it's cursed dolls. Now it's communicating with the dead. You can touch your dolly!
That's what this is all about, is that Loki needs to talk to his dolls. Oh, you're a genius,
Jamie. First off, I don't have any haunted dolls because I forgot to bid on the goddamn
thing in the beginning. And second of all, okay, this doesn't have anything to do with
fucking talking to dolls, okay? God damn it. Don't you want to talk to the demon or dead
thing that possessed the doll? I'm loving this chat room feedback we have here. I thought
there already was a vortex to hell. It's called Roseville Golf Land. That's the Bomani. That's
where Bomani machines go to die. The Scandia is where Bomani goes to die. The Scandia is
where Bomani goes to die again. Like, re-death. Alright, listen now. Okay. This basically,
all this is right here, it's another form of EVP as I was talking about before, which
which is, you know, electronic voice phenomena. It's basically what happens is you can record,
you record voices that you don't hear. And they're done through, um, manipulation of
the diaphragm in a microphone. Basically, you can record things like, you know, that
normal humans can't hear. This would be like, they do this all the fucking time. Like, ghost
researchers and stuff, they record-
So they would be able to hear what dogs hear?
Not necessarily, but that's a theory of mine that that's why you know
You'll see dogs reacting to the Supernaturals because they can hear it or see it and we can't but anyways
That's not the point
The point is that this is a common you can anybody can go out there and do this and they don't even need to build
a device like this and
Don't even yet. Okay, anybody could do this with a tape recorder
They can do this and you can actually wire something up very simple with a germanium
It's a titanium diode that they supposedly sell at Radio Shack, but I sure as hell can find it today.
Anyways, you can do that, and it will actually only record, um, just, you know, what you can't hear, and it will block everything else out.
And it's very interesting hearing people do that, and you get some really creepy shit on there.
But sure, mock me as you will. I will fucking send the vortex after you.
Speaking of mocking Loki, we have a comment from the chatroom.
This is the best comment ever.
unknown neighbor says, Loki does want to talk to his dolls, he wants to talk to his final
fantasy figurines and see if Tifa and Yuna love him.
I don't even have dolls, and that's stupid.
He wants to talk to his chocobogos, see if his chocobogos work at him.
Can I make a joke?
Can I make a joke?
Okay.
If you're able to build this machine and talk to the dead, will you be able to communicate
it with Miss Cleo's career. Yes. You know what? Enough of this. I'm just reminded of
that scene from Bill and Ted's Bogus Journey. To hell with all you people. With all of...
No, no, don't say that. Don't say that, Loki, because you will do it. I know you will with
this machine. No, but like that scene when they're having the seance. Honestly, R
No! Don't say that!
Don't say that, Loki, because you will do it. I know you will with this machine.
No, but like that scene when they're having the séance.
Honestly, Ragh, how many things have I built that have actually worked?
That's a very good point.
You know what? In defense of Loki's little idea,
I'm supporting it. I'm curious.
Is this what we're calling it now? It's officially the
little idea? Your little idea.
I will support this. I'm interested to see how it turns out.
But I'm also wondering though, is it what you would use to record visual data?
Actually, they have that.
Really?
It's been done. And it's really strange how it works too.
It's basically everything revolves around white noise.
In this case, what they use, a common way they use to record it,
they have some other complicated devices, but the easiest way you can do it now
now. So you take a video camera and you record, you basically put the output onto a TV, then
you record that. And it creates interference because it's recording the same fucking thing
over and over. But in that, when you record that, you go back frame by frame, and you'll
actually see shit on there. And they have pictures of it that have been done. It's very
interesting. But the guy that did the experiments, he actually had his own device, because this
is like way back in the day when, you know, TVs and shit were fucking expensive, and,
you know computers are the size of football fields and whatnot we need to
have to take it like a billion magnets and put them in a room to make exactly
kill the pipe so so basically you know this is something he made a while back
and supposedly what happened was is later on people recreated this
experiment in the 90s the most recent I've heard of this experiment being
recreated was in 2003 I don't really know there's I guess for some reason
like for a few years they had no results recreating the same thing because there's a lot of other
factors that they can't figure in that they don't know what the hell, you know, why it
doesn't work or why it works. It goes to camera shy? No, it's not camera shy. It's complicated.
Anyways, I'll give you guys the websites. You can go look at it. You can think I'm crazy.
That's fine, but this is what I'm reading up on and I mean I'm not a real believer in
the paranormal and whatnot, but I'm a believer in science and, you know, they have scientific
proof to prove this they just can't explain it it's obviously beyond our
knowledge now so I don't know it just sounds interesting and if it's so easy
to recreate the experiment then you know why not but yeah I'm crazy but the thing
is though the guy there's another guy there's another guy to create this thing
called illuminator which is basically it's some sort of device that it it's
uses fans or something it blows water through rings of water or air through
rings of water I don't know how the fuck that happens but anyway supposedly that
creates a weird field or something if you photograph someone with that field
you'll actually see like someone else's face on theirs it's kind of weird then
the guy supposedly put three of these in like a triangle configuration and that
created the vortex you know that you were also talking about and he saw the
Triforce no but I was gonna ask something about the I was my train of
thought because I've made the Triforce joke never mind keep talking anyways I
will post the links in the chat room but there's some interesting stuff there's a
whole bunch of stuff on EVPs you can listen to they're really creepy look
sounding stuff but it's a lot of documentation on this there's a lot of
people recreate in the same way so I mean if they're you didn't a lot of
people that are getting these results, I mean, scientifically you can prove it.
Is it like the dead boy in Three Men and a Baby?
Uh, what? You know what I was thinking is that you should
take this whole little idea of yours and you should film it all and put it on like public
access TV. You could be the new Mr. Wizard. Wouldn't that be cool?
No. No, but, um, you know, their, I don't know, their results were just kind of, like,
weird, because the one thing that they were saying that's important about this is resonance,
and anyone that doesn't know what resonance means, that's just, like, for example, resonance
on a radio would be tuning in, because you have all the, um, frequencies out there, and
each station has its own frequencies, so you tune it to whatever station, and then you're
in resonance with that station when you're and you basically get audio that
way well the thing with this is you have to be resonance with your thoughts or
your basically your aura or whatever and that's the thing that's difficult
because it's not only you it's the people around you and those all affect
your environment plus you know other factors so it's a lot of complex shit
there but I don't know I'm gonna do it until I get bored with it and then then
I'm ready to talk about my week and my day now.
You got my joke.
What joke?
Didn't you ever see the thing about three men and a baby?
No.
Loki?
No.
About the one scene where they're walking in front of a window and there's a little
boy standing behind this curtain and he was supposed to have been like some ghost who
imprinted himself on the film.
He like blew his head off with a shotgun or something and then they walk by again and
I've seen it, the shotgun's there.
You're crazy talkin'.
Oh, I had the movie on tape, I can show it to you.
Bitch, please.
But I was, um, my friend was at a theater and said that it, well, I actually cleared
out the theater because everyone saw it and was freaked out by it.
That is strange.
Three Minute Baby.
Oh, God, now you've got Loki on another thing.
It was in Three Minute Baby.
Now he's going to start inserting ghosts into movies.
Well, no, seriously, because he's, he's like, and you, you can fully see him there.
I wouldn't I wouldn't just say this if I have I mean
I'm sure that the logical thing is that it's some prop or something
But the other is that see
Interesting didn't I tell you
It's like shows up several times. You put that link in our chat room for those that want to check that out. All right. Hey anyway
You're weak Rob. Yes my week. I actually went out and played DDR this week one night
I went to Roosevelt Golf Land, because my friend had never seen DDR before.
Well, I mean, actually he'd seen DDR, but he wanted to see me play DDR, because he hadn't seen, like, Extreme.
So I went, and I played, and I felt really stupid.
Like, I don't know how you guys feel about playing DDR for your friends for the first time,
when you're, like, pretty good at DDR.
Like, I can play at a maniac level, like I'm sure a lot of people listening to the show can.
And to those that don't really see DDR a whole lot, I think it really weirds them out sometimes.
I don't know maybe it's just me
But he seemed to get a kick out of that
but the thing was is that the up arrow on extreme was broken so like half my notes weren't registering and then I went to
try and play guitar freaks and
Frickin that machine was sucking too. So
The hell with that place money machines go to die, but I did at least go out to play the ER this week
I was gonna try and play at home, but my stupid ignition pads broken
So either I'm gonna have to buy a new ignition pad or Loki's gonna have to finish his DDR pads
But since he's too busy building vortexes to hell, it's probably not going to happen anytime soon.
I was going to work on that. That's why I'm rewiring everything.
Sure. All right. We'll see.
Anyway, I guess that's pretty... I don't really have a whole lot to say about my week and my day.
It wasn't that exciting.
I had a fine weekend. I went to a little gathering last night, and that was cool, I guess.
then two days ago, what did I do Friday night? I went out to a party with some friends and
then went to a bar. Isn't that exciting? That's it. Excitement is now. They have pinball machines
at this bar now though. Which ones? Uh, what was it, Monopoly? They have that everywhere.
And the one with the aliens in the hologram, Revenge of Mars. Ooh. Yeah. Cool. But it's
just kind of funny to see those that you know at a game are. If anybody in town happens
to find a Black Knight 2000 pinball, tell me. Cause Black Knight 2000 pinball is like
the most awesome pinball ever. Maybe they'll have one at the Classic Gaming Expo, which
you know we're going to be making an appearance at. Woohoo! Classic Gaming Expo, alright.
Cause I, um Konami is supposed to be doing something there. Yes, Konami is doing something
there. Some of our buddies at KDA are actually working the booth there. They're working a
I sort of know what's going on, but I think it's supposed to be a secret, so I can't repeat it.
It's a secret to everyone.
It's not Bamani related, but it's very cool nonetheless.
Unless we play track and field.
That would be cool.
That would be awesome.
Alright. But I definitely want to go. So we'll be making an appearance there next weekend.
It may affect next week's show, actually, but we're not sure yet. We think we might still have a show next weekend.
But Jamie's still going to be there.
Minus one.
I'm actually going to be there partly for the show and partly with my fiancé.
Right.
Well, we'll have to pre-tape the show if we decide to be at Classic Gaming Expo all next week.
So, we'll figure something out.
Alright.
I think what we do now is we're going to go to break.
And when we come back we'll actually talk about some Bahmani stuff.
There's been lots of Ultramix 2 news and DDR Extreme news this week.
Speaking of DDR Extreme, I think in this break we're going to play some music from DDR Extreme,
including, why not? We'll do Your Rain the Rage Mix again.
Let's start off.
That's right, we're going to start off with Your Rain the Rage Mix.
So enjoy Your Rain the Rage Mix, presented by Orangelaunchradio.com and Derspot.com.
We'll be back after this
And I don't know what I've found
Over and over I feel it break me down
I'm waiting for a gentle rain
A gentle rain, a gentle rain
On the sidewalk, on the city, on the streets just for a whisper
Busy people, going nowhere, seeing a joke in the rain
Nothing but passion, nothing matters, my resistance is waning
Like a flower in a basement, waiting for our love again
Look at what you see Hey, the mirror of a dream
Never of a dream
Made believe I'm everywhere
Living in your eyes
Return on the pages
If she ever does do a
Never ending story
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh
Never ending story
We are
Why'd you keep that secret
When I fall behind the clouds
There upon the rainbow
The answer to my terror ends
Okay y'all this is it, now pump it, the mic will sing as soon as I touch it, do this smooth
and easy like, so we might get hyped to hear tonight, she might, relax, and see from the
back, if you ain't with that, I'ma have to attack you with a bad rap, that could smack
this my whoop if they jack, when I start no crap, give it a little bit of heart and soul
As we do it till you in your ear hole, huh I ain't goin' out like a sucka
And if you think so, boy, then pucker Off your chips, I better get clear and sit
It's slow and I might burn up this groove That you do move you
Fight people now, it's time to
After this song, we'll be having a Let Them Move marathon.
Nooooooo!
Just kidding, Orange Lounge Radio, crap-free Bhavani radio.
Yes, mostly crap-free, except for this show, of course.
You are tuned into Orange Lounge Radio, and we are here with episode number 107.
I want to take a little break there talking about some new songs that are going to be
in D.R.
Extreme.
you know, not all new. Of course, Your Rain was new, but we have some old classics there,
Never Ending Story and Wonderland. I noticed this kind of seems to be happening quite a
bit where they're getting a lot of old songs and putting them in these new DR games we
have coming out. What else did we have in Extreme that was going to be in there? Well,
Only You, There You'll Be, Kick the Can, Don't Clock Me from Solo, like all these old-ass
songs. I think it's kind of cool though. Sugaru, that's kind of old now. I don't know. Dot
five nine. Alright. So we are here on Orange Orange Radio and kind of talking about some
news that happened last week. I wanted to talk about some things that happened while
we were here. We were doing that show last week but we were kind of sidetracked so we
didn't get to talk a whole lot about some of the news that had been going on last week.
I kind of want to bring some of that up now, including all this stuff that was going on
about 2DX Red.
Have you guys heard about this?
This 2DX 11th style, or whatever you want to call it, is now kind of a project named
2DX Red, and it's got all these different songs in there, a new DJ Simon song, Back
to the Dance Floor, new Orange Lounge songs in it, new Naoki song, and all this stuff
in 2DX Red, and supposedly there's this really, really hard song that's in it, that has this
really hard note pattern and actually one of my buddies was kind enough to
send me a video of it so I'll show you guys kind of what this looks like now
he's playing it on random in this video and I know this is gonna be great radio
but at least you can hear the song a little bit but the song is called
gigadelic gigadelic and let's see if we can get a little bit of what it looks
like here that's kind of what the interface looks like pretty yeah it's
Very pretty, isn't it?
Oh, they're using the towel method.
Yes, they are using the towel method. Explain what the towel method is.
It...
I will, I guess, read just your eyesight or something in the way you can read it easier.
Let me show you what the end of the song looks like here.
Actually, that part doesn't look so hard, but...
There you go.
Kind of a crazy song in the end there.
I like the video.
It looks like they've made the interface a lot prettier, that they have the bars.
Basically what they did in 2DX Red, I noticed, is that they took one half of the screen.
You remember when you would play 2DX, the side, if you were just in one player mode,
the other half of the screen would have nothing, like it would just be a blank place for notes to fall.
What they've done is they've kind of done the keyboard mania thing.
I don't know how many of you guys have played keyboard mania, but keyboard mania had two monitors.
monitors. And if you were playing it just in one player mode, it would show you like
a little bar on the other side that would show you like how you were doing with your
combo and stuff. It's not quite that what they're doing in 2DX Red, but they've taken
it and now it's showing a graph of your score compared to the top score on the machine.
So I thought that was kind of cool is that you'd have a little bar that would go up as
you did really good or really crappy on the song. So I thought that was kind of neat.
So that's something that's going to be new in 2DX Red.
So I don't know when this game is supposed to be out, but it looks kind of exciting.
So there's some old news on 2DX Red on our website, of course, if you want to check that
out over on OrangeLoungeRadio.com.
Also something we kind of had to gloss through real fast last week, Loki, and you've had
a chance to really sit down with us now, we've had another week go by and play this, what
about Food Mix?
There was a Food Mix Plus release last week.
It was fucking awesome, that's all I have to say.
There was about 15 new songs that they added, brand new interface, brand new non-stop O&E courses, and it's beautiful.
They made what Food Mix was before, which was really awesome, and made it even better. It's just really kickass.
From what I hear, though, the double steps leave a little bit to be desired, but their single steps are awesome, because I haven't gotten to play doubles yet.
But really beautiful, awesome, brand new videos. Just really awesome.
They've got a lot of nifty stuff that you can do now in StepMania. Like, for instance, the results screen has a type of graph that you would see in BeatMania where it shows you how you did and everything, and your combo and all that.
I noticed something interesting they did with the movies is that they put a watermark of the song name in there, like at least that one for Made in Innocent that had the anime girl in it and stuff. They kind of put a watermark on the movie. Was there an issue where some of their movies were being pirated on other step files or something?
No, it was just a little cool thing in the bottom. That's all. It was just for the one song. It just looked cool.
But, um, it was just, um, they actually, what I like about them is they use video and, you know, still images just like you would in, uh, BMS files.
Because, I mean, these guys are coming from BMS files, and just the animations that they do in that are just awesome.
I really wish a lot of the US people would go and start doing BMS sim files first and then going to DWIs, but it's just amazing the amount of work that they put in these.
But it was just the maiden innocent that had that? I thought I saw it on another one.
Alright, so I'm going to crack. I don't care.
There's a few of them that say Foon Mix Plus in them, but that's about... I mean, so what? Who cares?
It's just awesome. That's pretty much it. They just have really awesome stuff. Like I said before, a lot of the music that's actually featured on there is going to be on Diverse 7, which you can find.
And that comes in three different varieties, which I can talk about now or later either way.
Sure, why not?
transition into that. Anyways, Diverse System 7, which is out I think now, or pretty soon
either way, they've got a bunch of different ways you can get this, and I'm not sure, now
what I'm gathering from this, because it's all in Japanese, is that they either have
three CDs, and I think two of them are BMS files, which are basically your BeatMania
sim files, and they're really awesome. Like, for instance, we'll go down with FiveKey and
what they have on there we have a remix of super highway called super highway
the cafe electro mix by a guy named Oni or only I should say a remix of what's
next with song title what with a bunch of question marks at the end there by a
guy named new keep on moving romantic blue style by a guy named Teo we've got
Gnaw, which is a remix of Area Code, and we've got a Ska, The Good Mix, that's a Ska, A Go Go remix.
Ninja Blast, Hayabusa Mix, which is a remix of Overblast.
Acid Bomb, the Overdosing remix is a remix of Acid Bomb.
Slash Tracks, which is a remix of Thrash Tracks.
Recycle, a remix of Cycle by Splunker, which is awesome. He's done some really
good stuff. SDZ, which is The Gleam, which is a remix of SDZ. I'm not
familiar with that one. And then, oh man, I'm gonna fuck this up.
Notch Musik, which is You Gotta Groove remix, and that's of course a remix of
You Gotta Groove. And then Seven Keys, some of the other ones that they have on
here they have a remix of murmur twins the oh hey we've got some demo mp3s here
but uh I'll get those later we could play them maybe during a break or
something anyways murmur twins the 460 beat mix reality the alpha 0.2 mix some
other song in Japanese bad boy bass the switch back to 93 remix maiden innocent
which is featured in Food Mix Plus. I just hope that Bad Boy Bass remix has that sample
still in it. One more time with the Bad Boy Bass. One more time with the Bad Boy Bass.
I'm sure it will. YSQ, let's see, number one, or number 12.8, Holix, which is also in Food
Mix Plus. Love Heart Sign. We have X2, which is a G2 remix, also in Food Mix Plus. And
Small Voyager which is obviously a remix of the big Voyager and then they have
one last one which is other mixes and that's Timepiece Phase 2 High
Transparency Mix which is a one phase blues I think a remix. Healing
Vision remix which is just that. Over the Drive, Mirrorball Satellite 2004 which is
in the original Foon mix. That sounds awesome because that's an info song. Yeah
Yeah, and it was pretty good. Then there's a few other ones I'll see here. Yamadajet, Coaster Girl, which is a Yamadajet remix. It's kind of funny. Implantation, DVMix, Lamb of God, Trip Machine, Dark Core Mix, and some other ones.
But I'm going to get some of these demo MP3s and we can maybe play them on a break or something, because they're usually about 30 seconds long, so we'll get a bunch of different songs there.
Sure, that sounds like fun. Why not?
I'm going to change gears here because I want to talk about Ultramix 2 because the Ultramix 2 news has been flying really fast this week. There's been a lot of new stuff announced for Ultramix 2 within this week and last week and that's including some songs. Some new songs have been announced for these games so I want to see if we can address what some of those songs are.
Some things that have been figured out is that
we got some early songs have been announced for UltraMix 2 including
321 Stars by DJ Simon
A by DJ Amuro and B4U by Naoki which were all
if I remember right in the E3 demo so none of that's a surprise but get this
here's your first licensed song
from UltraMix 2, Brick House by the Commodores
Isn't that crazy? Is it
like a remix of it? No, it's the original. She's a brick
Oh, cool. Yeah, that's going to be cool.
I wish I had a clip of that so I could play it for you guys. It's pretty cool.
And Dead End by NNS. Drop out, NW260, LeadingCyber, DJ Taka,
LoveHeartShine, Coscariu, Make a Jam, U1, Make Your Move, Good Cool, featuring JP
Miles, Max Unlimited is going to be in it. Then we get into some more
licenses we haven't had in the US yet. Moonlight Shadow
by Missing Heart from Fifth Mix. Very popular license track.
Yeah, very popular license track, getting a lot of people really geared up for Ultra
Mix 2, very happy about that.
My summer love, Night in Motion, which was actually a license track.
A lot of people think that that is a Konami original, but it was actually a license track
from DDR4thMix.
And you would know this song, definitely, because it has that really catchy hook at
the beginning of it.
Here's a little bit of it.
Wait, let me get a little bit of the hook here.
Everybody knows that song, all right, so that one's going to be in a DDR Ultra Mix.
Right on the Light by Mr. T. Now wait a minute, that's a 2DX song that's being ported over
for DDR.
That's cool.
So that is something brand new that we've never had in DDR before, and it doesn't stop
there.
Um, Route 80s by Sampling Masters Mega.
Cool.
From DDR.
The attention.
Attention.
Yeah.
We're actually gonna play some of these songs.
For those of you that haven't heard them.
Do it for the next break.
Yeah, we'll do that in the next break.
We're gonna play some of these songs for those that haven't heard them before.
Star Mine by Ryu from 2DX4 style.
You remember that?
With Tran with the little fan in a doo doo doo doo doo.
Star Mine will be fun.
going to be very fun on DDR. Well, this is the interesting thing is that they have said
in the thread that different people are doing the steps than did them for UltraMix 1. So,
you're not going to see steps like you saw in UltraMix 1. And supposedly they have people
that know their stuff on DDR that are making these steps, so. So it's not Konami of Hawaii?
Well, I don't think they really said one way or the other. I haven't been keeping tabs on the information thread, and also I don't want to cross the line from what I've been told.
Yeah, I can't. I don't know what I can say and what I can't, so I'm just going to move on to the next song, which is from 2DX, VJ Army by Good Cool.
Now that's cool. VJ Army will be fun.
army is going to be fun. A lot of people have said that should be in DDR for a long time,
so that's very cool that that one's going to make it in there. So, it's okay, if you've
never played 2DX and you've never heard these songs before, we're going to play them for
you in the next break, so you can get a feel of what you're going to be dancing to pretty
soon. God dammit, does that mean I have to buy an Xbox? This is very interesting. When
Ultramix 2 was first announced, a lot of people were like, yeah, whatever. Cause I think Ultramix
was very successful for those that already had an Xbox, but it didn't really convert
a whole lot of people. I'm an exception, I did buy an Xbox pretty much so I could play
UltraMix, UltraMix and Halo. This new one's sounding like it's going to be a big selling
point. But this new one, Microsoft should be sucking Konami's cock for this one, seriously,
because they're going to sell a lot of Xboxes with this mix, I think, based on DDR fans
alone, because... Microsoft better put out. Seriously, Microsoft should be putting out...
I don't know, maybe I should put a poll up over and see how many people are
seriously contemplating buying an Xbox just because of UltraMix 2. Because a lot of
people were saying
when UltraMix 2 was first announced, yeah, yeah, yeah, great, UltraMix 2, yeah, whatever,
you know, Xbox people will enjoy it. But now that the song list is starting to come out and
people are like, whoa, we're getting Moonlight Shadow and
these 2DX songs that have never been in DDR before.
Actually, I have to agree with Kyle in the chat room. I think I actually
I wouldn't mind seeing Get On Beat Wildstyle.
Actually, I wouldn't mind seeing the original Get On Beat.
Well, this certainly is not the full list.
This is just what we know so far about UltraMix 2.
Or Lab. They need to put Lab.
Here's one thing I think is kind of different about UltraMix 2.
They just announced this this week.
There's going to be a brand new dance mode in UltraMix 2.
What makes an Xbox different than a PlayStation 2?
the other than the obvious Microsoft and it has you can store a small family
inside of it besides that it has a really big hard drive and four port ah
it has four ports as opposed to two which means what you can plug in four
dance pads you don't need a multi tab yeah you don't need a multi tab but no
now you can plug in four dance pads at once and you can play a brand new mode
The code called Quad Mode is going to be in Ultramix 2.
How four? Wow!
It's going to be four... No, it's four pads. It's a whole new set of steps for one person on four pads.
It's doubles doubles.
Evil.
So you could have arrows that take you all the way from pad number one, way on the left, to pad number four.
And a lot of people were talking about, well, what's the configuration going to be?
Because if you think about Tetris, you could have four squares a lot of different ways.
It's going to be one giant line.
I'd have to say that I copyrighted this about two years ago, they will be hearing from my
lawyers.
Okay, because I was making edits for two machines that use all four panels.
Two different sets of edits to play one song.
That was my quad mode.
God damn it, they stole it from me.
I actually remember doing something like this.
Like I remember one time in Arcade Infinity starting two machines at the same time to
do some kind of like quad thing.
but I don't remember what the joke was, but there was something we were trying to do.
But yeah, but you know what? What does it seem like happening with this mix though?
With the song list and
it looks like they're listing their fan base a little more, so I wouldn't be
surprised
if they did look out there and see that maybe there are people, crazy as they
might be,
that want this quad mode in DDR. Now, me personally, I'm kinda like,
well I think it's a nice idea, like the quad mode, I think it's kinda cute,
but who's gonna have four dance pads? It's innovative, I'll say that.
But then, okay, here's the argument to that, is that quad mode is only going to be available in something called the party mode on UltraMix 2, so it's obviously set up for DDR parties, I mean, as cheesy as that might sound, where your friends bring their dance pads over to your house, so now you have four dances.
Or maybe it's going to be something cool, like two people can play doubles.
Well, I don't...
They have doubles versus, sorry.
Yeah, you can do doubles versus, apparently, as well.
That's right.
I think that was something in UltraMix 1, but yeah, now you're gonna be able to have this quad mode
So a whole new set of steps and it's not just once they are doing beginner light
Medium heavy whatever the hell they call it these days
No, I think they said it was gonna be a full for beginner light standard and heavy
I'd have to relook through but I'm almost positive. They said it was gonna be a full new set. We'll see
so
That's very interesting, huh? I want them to do
Do another best hits on Xbox and bring out the individual mixes on one DVD.
The old arcade mixes.
But remember, the US isn't Japan.
Unless they put it out for Japanese Xbox, but they'll never do it because Xbox wasn't really popular over there.
It's still in stuff.
But not quite the prevalence it has in the US market. Let's put it that way.
I don't think that it would be neat so that I can, you know, not have to break out my Dreamcast every time I want to play Second Mix.
Well, they do have Second Mix on PlayStation.
You can go to that bowling alley in Auburn.
There you go.
Let's see, what else?
Multiple players on, this is another interesting thing about UltraMix 2.
Now you can have multiple players on one Xbox going onto Xbox Live to play.
So now you don't have to be, you know, you have to stay home, you can, it's kind of going more into the multiplayer and party functions where you can have multiple people over.
The song list will contain 70 songs not including the song packs, which means that if you buy your song packs from service pack 1 through 6 for UltraMix 1, you can use these on UltraMix 2.
So think about this, that's 30 songs between service packs 1 through 6, right?
I speculated this while somebody was out of town.
I do believe I did.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Wow.
There you go.
But that's going to be 100 songs playable in UltraMix from the start.
Crazy.
Alright.
Thank you, Konami.
We love you.
And there's going to be inside that 14 Konami original DDR songs, so we kind of saw some
of those, Star Mine and all that stuff.
So that's going to be very interesting.
Very, very interesting.
But they are going to have this downloadable edits thing, which I'm kind of curious how
that's going to work.
If like anybody can submit edits, or if they're going to have some kind of screening process
where they only take like good edits or what they're going to do.
It'll be very interesting.
Oh, and Panda, I do believe the Xbox is region coded.
Is it?
Yes, I do believe it is.
Very interesting.
I'm kind of excited to see this mix now.
I know it's been difficult in the past to get excited about anything Xbox, but boy they're
really doing DDR right on there I say I'm looking forward to it how about you
Jamie what do you think about this UltraMix 2 so far this is just so far
get it we still haven't heard everything about it yet what I'm gonna get it you
know I'll have it even if I played or not I have UltraMix 1 that have you
know my UltraMix 1 is unopened really it is because I never had time because
by the time I got around to playing it I was doing other things well at least you
bought it oh yeah I have it I have that dance pad everything but it'll give me a
a good excuse to break it out and start downloading the song packs.
Sounds like something you'll go over to somebody else's house and play?
Yeah.
Alright, fair enough.
What about you, Angel?
Maybe, but I'm afraid that if I ever decided to get one, Magus would kill me.
He just has this thing against Xbox, I guess.
But it's CDR, he'll get over it.
Yeah, he should get over it because he's a Halo addict.
There you go, so you can play Halo on it, too.
Okay, you know what? I want to know how his opinion should affect you buying something you want.
Ooh, slam.
I guess you could get over it.
So maybe I will.
I don't know.
Damn straight he'll get over it.
If you want an Xbox, you should get an Xbox.
He'll just have to live.
Interesting comment from the chat room.
And I'm not sure if I'm reading too far into this.
But truthfully, it's going to be only those
that don't know about the Sims that will get the Xbox,
says John Fields.
The others will download the steps
that they have for every mix.
But again, I go back to what I said earlier.
step mania is not ddr
and i don't think the step mania is going to have
xbox live
it doesn't have xbox live
it does not have xbox live
but but that ok but there
they're saying rumor is that they're going to have an internet thing whatever
i know that's what i said
do they have step mania online already i've never seen you play it
because i just don't care
But they already have step mania online
Well, I don't know I'm still I couldn't get that stupid thing to work
Working on it. I just I think the person looks like is already up. I think the percentage
Did you say X likes live?
I just think it's such a small percentage of people that would that would opt out of
Ultramix to for step me
I think that's why Konami hasn't sued the pants off a step mania yet is because it's gonna be such a small
or percentage of people that it's really negligent. Remember the DDR community that you see online
and in chatrooms and stuff is not the scope of the DDR community as a whole.
And there's going to be people who go, oh look it's another game for the Xbox that's
going to get my, you know, couch potato kid off of his ass. You know, I've talked to plenty
of parents, you know, who go into, you know, Gamestop and say, oh well this is going to
keep my kid from being, you know, lazy.
All right, I'm actually going to open up the Skype line because I'm curious what some folks
out there think about UltraMix 2.
I especially like to hear from people who are contemplating buying an Xbox over this
whole thing and so we'll open up that Skype line.
If you want to call us, we have some information on our website, but just go to Skype.org and
download the client there.
It's a free client.
It's a free program.
All you have to have, you have to have a broadband connection and a microphone and just add Orange
lounge radio all one word to your contact list and you will be able to
call us live on the show we'll talk to you so we're gonna open up the skype line
to see if anybody out there has something they want to say about ultra
mix 2 in fact we're getting a call right now so let's take this call and you are
on orange lounge radio hello hello hey who is this unknown gamer hello unknown
gamer we can it kind of sounds like you're talking through a couple paper
Like a paper towel, but that's alright.
I am.
Oh, he's disguising his voice because he doesn't want his friends to find out he listens to this show.
Don't be embarrassed. We won't bite. Much.
What do you think about UltraMix 2?
It's okay.
It's okay?
Yeah.
Was there any songs that you're getting really excited about that you're going to be able to play?
Moonlight Fucking Shadow.
moonlight fucking shadow is the word hey
unknown gamer if you can turn up your mic volume on your end a little bit
so we can hear you a little better
but he says moonlight fucking shadow why moonlight shadow
because i'm fucking obsessed with erotics
because he's obsessed with erotics
uh... huh i see how it is okay are you like stalker obsessed
ooo hot
very hot
that hot
do you have do you already have an xbox
No, I do not.
No, you do not.
Are you thinking about getting one?
Yes, I am.
That is obsession.
Just because of Moonlight Shadow?
Yeah.
Now, that is an obsession.
That is definitely an obsession.
You could get one of the nifty green Halo ones.
That's what I bought.
Oh, there you go.
If you like us, have a green one.
They don't make them in hot pink erotic flavor yet.
Damn it.
Maybe soon.
Okay, I don't think that erotic flavor would be hot pink.
I think it would be blood red or something.
It would be sex.
It would be milky colored.
It would be like purple.
We have to clarify something for folks in our chat room because people are going,
Wait a minute, Moonlight Shadow is an erotic song?
Actually, do you want to explain this one unknown game or you want me to?
Do you want me to explain it with the way my microphone sounds right now?
Okay, yeah, you're right. I better explain it.
Alright, so the reason why Moonlight Shadow is tied to erotic is that actually the old lead singer from erotic
went and she joined this new band called missing heart she kind of went off on
her own and did this missing heart so that's why it gets tied back to erotic a
lot because it's the same vocalist that you hear in a lot of the old erotic
songs so that's why moonlight shadow it kind of has ties to erotic it's just
but the only difference is that she's not going carried away by a moonlight
I'm gonna type to you the story of what happened and then you just tell people what happened.
typing it to me and I'm gonna tell people what happened so I'm gonna wait
for that. And I'm gonna work on getting a microphone that doesn't suck. All right you do
that and then you call us back. Yeah. But thanks for calling us. Oh I like that. You
have a good one. You too. Bye bye. I need dessert. I want dessert. I have some diverse system
seven tracks I would like to play. What no wait we have to wait for those
because we're getting another call real fast. No I'm gonna take this call.
Hi, you're on Orange Lounge Radio.
Hello.
Hello.
He wants some ZZ7 tracks.
He does not want to...
Can you...
We cannot hear you.
Please speak up.
Aww, bummer.
Uh, call us back when you get your mic thing rearranged.
Yeah.
Alright.
That's too bad.
Okay, hold on.
I'm getting the story with Moonlight Shadow here.
Oh, I thought I was.
Alright, we'll get that.
Alright, fine.
No, I don't want to.
different, but it's pretty cool nonetheless. Anyways, here we go.
Oops, gotta take that off there. Okay. Anyways, the next one, real quick, is a Trip Machine
Dark Core mix, and my God, I have to say, this is for Trip Machine what P8107 was for
paranoia. So, it's gonna be fucking awesome, that's all I gotta say.
Two things to love, two things to destroy
Two things to love, two things to destroy
Two things to love, two things to destroy
Two things to love, two things to destroy
Two things to love, two things to destroy
Okay, and then, um, one that's really cool, I don't really know what exactly this is,
it's um, it says it's Reality Alpha 0.2 mix, it sounds like what it is, it's just a bunch
of different songs kind of mixed in the one, which is still kind of cool, but um, it's
it's pretty hardcore so check it out
Go!
Go!
I will take it!
Yeah!
Yeah!
I'll take it!
Ok, so that was a few of those.
So if they want to order this album of all these Bhumani remixes, although we'll be playing
them on Diversions Monday night, where can they go to order the CD?
Well, Diverse Systems, that's www.diverse.jp, I don't think they're up for sale yet. I think, usually they have their own English page, which, you know, they sell most of their CDs, but it's not on there yet.
So, I remember before, they did wait a little bit before they were available for the US. I don't know, you know, whether they're getting, you know, taking care of the Japanese first or whatnot.
there's I don't know when exactly these are going to be up right now it's
checking right now you can purchase them they have a few links on the right hand
side where you can purchase them from and I don't know why they're selling them
there dojinshi sites so you can get those there but right now available from
their site they don't have them yet so I'm looking to see right now if it's on
their ordering page no actually it is on their Japanese ordering page but not in
their English ordering page you might be able to I don't know you can Mike might
be able to send them an email or something if you can not speak Japanese
but right now yeah and it's gonna be three different CDs they're all press
CDs gonna be about 15 bucks apiece that's a d7 five keys d7 seven keys and
D7 other mixture. So definitely look for those and I will be getting those as soon as I can
order them.
Alright, I was going to open the Skype line back up because our caller wanted to call
back because he had something he wanted to share with us. So we're going to open back
up that Skype line there so you can call us if you want. Skype.org to download the client.
And pretty soon we're going to be going to break here and in the break we'll be hearing
some songs that are going to be in UltraMix 2. Some of those port overs from 2DX. So
For those of you guys that haven't heard the songs yet, can I have a chance to hear them?
Because, you know, we want you to be able to hear the songs.
Alright, let's take this call.
Hello, you're on Orange Lounge Radio.
Hello there, Rob. Hello, everybody.
Hello, this is Mr. VXJsonXV, is it not?
You would be correct, sir.
How are you doing, sir?
I'm doing pretty good.
Alright, what did you want to talk to us with about UltraMix II?
I basically wanted to add in something about how the song packs are going to work.
Um, for all of you that have UltraMix already and have gotten the song packs and didn't know this,
basically what's gonna happen is if you have the song packs purchased and downloaded,
when you fire up UltraMix 2, it's just gonna work.
They're gonna be on the list, you're gonna play them, it's gonna be beautiful.
The only catch is...
It's plug and play.
What was that?
It's plug and play.
It is plug and play.
Um, what's gonna happen though is that the videos are gonna be different.
You know, obviously UltraMix is going to cycle video content, but Order of Chaos on DDRFreak
said that there's going to be exclusive videos, brand new videos for those songs now on UltraMix
2.
Really?
So basically the media is going to be already on the DVD, but the steps and, you know, actually
showing up is going to be off your hard drive for downloading the content.
I've heard rumors that there's going to be a lot of new videos in UltraMix 2.
That's what they're pushing for.
I don't know how much I can say, but I hear that there's a lot of new videos on Ultramix 2.
That if you're wanting to see some new videos, Ultramix 2 is going to give you plenty.
Yeah, that'd be shitty.
We'll see.
Yep. And then you can, you will still be able to buy the first six song packs on Ultramix 2.
The only catch is if you do that, you can only use them for Ultramix 2 and not for the first one.
Oh, interesting. So if you're smart, you'll buy your packs on Ultramix 1 now.
That is what I want to do, because there's no word yet if the song packs are going to be removed from purchase for UltraMix 1, I'm hoping not, so I can get them too, but you know.
Do you actually have UltraMix 1 right now?
No, I don't even have an Xbox.
Is UltraMix 2 making you change your mind here?
I've wanted to get one for a while, I've just never really had a good amount of incentive, but this is definitely making me want one even more now.
So you're telling me that Jets Already a Future was not enough?
I never played the first one, it was in...
Halo 2?
Well now that you can get, if you get your Xbox you should also get Jets Already a Future since it's cheap now.
Sure, why not? It's a good game.
And the Buffy game.
The Buffy game.
Okay, Buffy, yeah.
Alright Jason, when you get your Xbox we're going to have a battle on Xbox Live, alright?
Sounds awesome.
I'm gonna serve you on Xbox Live.
Oh no! Oh no!
I'm actually thinking about this. I don't know. I'm gonna kind of put some feelers out in the chat room and kind of see what you guys think about this.
What would you guys think about starting up some kind of Sunday night Ultramix League? Like right after the show.
We all jump on Xbox Live and play. I would do it. I'll even jump on there and play.
Orange Lounge DR team?
Yeah, it'll be well. It'll be like our Sunday night. You know ultra mix night like post show thing
I don't know how many people would be enough or if that's like way too dorky for you guys. I don't know
If I don't know if it brings people together and gets them gets us some good playtime in
Sounds good by me cuz I've actually been on Xbox Live after the show
There's um some a couple well at least one person in our chat room that sometimes likes to get on there and play
play different songs after the show sometimes. So I'm thinking, why not expand it and get
a lot of people on there? It might be kind of fun. So we'll see.
I've heard that people that are getting on live, that there's very few people that play
on live anymore. Well, anymore. But think about when the first
game came out, too. That's true.
You know, it's almost a year old now. Of course there's not a lot of people still on Xbox
Live. But, hey, that's the thing, is that we want
to start something up, too. Let's start it. Let's get old so it makes, it's kind of like
and I love the 90s thing. Remember when the old stuff was cool? Remember when UltraMix
was cool? Kind of bringing it back. So let's see.
I've been playing new songs. Everybody's going to come back around. Those numbers are going
to shoot up the day that UltraMix 2 come out.
I think so too. Another thing a lot of people don't consider when they're playing UltraMix
on Xbox Live is that it doesn't show you everybody that's playing. It only shows you who's looking
for a game right now. So when you're in the lobby looking for people to play, the folks
that are already having a match, or are having private matches, you don't see them because
they're already playing the game. So even though it only looks like there's one or two
people on, there's probably at least ten. Which for a game that's a year old, it's DDR,
probably isn't that bad. Yeah. Interesting. Very interesting. Alright. Alright. Anything
else you want to share about UltraMix stuff, Jason? Somebody should buy me an Xbox and
all the song packs and a live subscription for a few years, because I don't have money
yet and I have bills to pay but well I'm sure that's the same boat a lot of
folks are in maybe they'll drop the price of an Xbox again not likely but
you never know hopefully what are they right now 150 175 I think 150 but you
could get a refurbed one at that is very true places for 120 130 you know what
say version ones are a lot better anyways I have I have the super halo
ones so I don't know I might you know you can hack them if you have a memory
stick yep I have heard there's plenty of you have to use the first release of
of like uh... mecha-salt
yeah friend of ours can do it
so we're going to test that theory soon
oh did someone get married?
okay well thanks for calling jason
thank you you have a good one call back anytime
anytime my friend anytime
bye
alright uh... we'll keep the skype line open if anybody else has something they
want to comment on with ultramix 2
uh...
i'm serious about this xbox live thing after the show i think it would be fun
Would you guys play?
I'm eating making pouty faces and blinking my eyelashes.
On Sunday? Now wait a minute Loki, with Ultramix 2 multiple people can
play for one Xbox so you and I could both play
on the Ultramix.
Wow, really?
Don't say, don't care.
I'll play Final Fantasy 11.
Jerk, jerk.
Yes Angel. Screw it, I'm gonna twist Magus's arm and make him
But don't worry, those demons that come through my demonic vortex can play with you.
Wonderful. Now some folks in the chat room are saying we should do it before the show, but...
After the show would be too late, because honestly, I'm driving home.
Yeah.
And keep in mind, I also work an earlier schedule now. I have to get up at 5.30 in the morning to go to work.
Well, I'll have to think. I don't know. We'll see.
Because my ass is going to school.
time for me personally like I have to get my Sunday stuff done before the show
so I don't know we'll see well but how about a different night
no that might work too yeah set up for a different night you know probably I'm
gonna be going home busting my ass to get my homework done too yeah there you
go yeah we'll see what we can do if there's an interest for doing something
like that we'll set something up we'll see yeah soon as I tell Magus what songs
are on the new UltraMix 2 he'll probably get one maybe we're not even we haven't
even really we've only heard like one new license song brick house by
Commodores we haven't even heard about any of the other stuff and there might
be some really good stuff that's good I would just play it for the Commodore
song that's an inside joke between the pixie dust and I so yeah we'll see we'll
see all right what we're gonna do now actually I think we'll go ahead and take
a break and we're gonna play those songs from Ultramix 2 that are being ported
over from 2dx so in this break you're gonna hear route 80s star mine and
and VJ Army. So we'll be back right after this. You are tuned into Orange Lounge
Radio.
After the break we might get into the cage match I think. We need to do that at
some point
and so much more as soon as we can think of it.
Alright, we'll be back.
...
Do it! Do it!
Drink it!
federation
recognised
Why is this movie over? You will be J
Why is this movie over? You will be J
I'll take care of you!
I'll take care of you!
I'll move you and you will do that.
Why?
Why?
Why?
Why?
Why?
Why?
Why?
Why?
Why?
Steppin' into the groove of it Steppin' into the groove of it
Hey, did you hear about that show?
What show?
Well, they play a lot of great Samani and video of East End music, but if you listen
to it, you have to listen to it again within seven days.
Oh, I've heard of that station.
Yeah, I even listened to it a couple weeks ago. Hey, what happens to you if you don't listen to it again?
Well, you die.
I what? Hey, wait! What's this crazy bitch doing coming out of my computer screen? Ahhhhh!
Orange Lounge Radio, listen or die!
We are back with Orange Lounge Radio. Now we're talking before the break a little bit about UltraMix 2.
too. Not to leave it out, but DDR Extreme is going to be coming out very soon, just
before we know it. We're about a month away, just a little over a month away from DDR Extreme
coming out, so that's kind of crazy. And we'll probably start hearing a little more news
on it, including we got a couple weeks ago, and we kind of missed it when we were talking
about last week, we were talking about some of the other stuff dealing with DDR Extreme
last week, but we kind of glossed over the iToy modes. There's actually like some brand
You know what I think is cool though is that for working out purposes the itoy thing is cool
Like that's the only reason I would use it. Is that hands of heat mode too? Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah
And then they have that feed the animals game which I haven't really seen a whole lot about but it looks very interesting
That's for sure
That's the one where you're gonna step on the different food and you feed it to the animal that's on the screen
It's crazy
Very crazy.
Trying to find some more information about some of these modes.
What else do we have? We have the Hyper Dash, which looks like the old school track and field,
which I have no idea how that's going to work with the iToy.
I think it might actually just be using the dance pad, where you're just going to run in place, like all,
every single old school Nintendo Power Pad game was just like running in place as fast as you can.
And that was your workout, remember?
Dance Aerobics
magical ball
You can show Konami your magical balls
I'm definitely looking forward to feeding time. I think that's going to be a very cool one
For those of you that may have missed it. We'll link you guys again to that story
Over on yahoo games domain, which is hilarious because they talk about it being for the Xbox. It's really funny. So
Definitely check that one out
So that's pretty much all I have to say about DDR Extreme. Have you guys pre-ordered your DDR Extreme yet?
That might be the only way you can get that VRare. Everybody looks so enthused.
I'll have to order it. Then again, my man does manage a webcam.
A webcam? What kind of business is your man in?
I was typing webcam on the thing. It's GameStop.
You sure?
Yes.
Rob.
What?
Rob.
What?
What?
Rob.
What?
Bite me.
Okay.
Alright.
Well, I guess if no one has anything else to say on the DDR Extreme, why don't we just
go ahead and have ourselves a cage match?
How's that sound?
Sure.
Alright.
We'll do it.
I got to be lazy today.
What do you mean, you got to be lazy?
What do you mean you have to be lazy today?
I'd have to bring one.
That's right, because you won last week, didn't you?
Uh-huh.
That's right.
Finally.
Alright, so just as a reminder, the way the cage match works...
You have to be in our chat room at www.orangelauntrader.com.
Click on chat.
We're going to play three songs for you guys.
A clip of last week's winner, because, you know, you were listening last week, so you've already heard it.
So we're only going to play a clip of it.
And then we'll hear two new songs brought to the table from each host, and you will vote on your favorite.
And the winner goes into rotation all week long on Orange Lounge Radio's...
I'm sorry, Orange Lounge Radio's the Monty Music and More program, which plays on the station 24 hours a day, 7 days a week when we aren't live.
Alright, so here we go. Last week's winner was Jamie, and she brought to the table a song by M-Flow, which you know from old school DDR games and 2DX.
so uh... this is their new album from their new album it's a song called
astro sexy
chemistry and it's last week's winner and so here's a clip of it
so you can decide if you want it to win again tonight song number one m flow
So astro-sexy
and
alright over the clip song number one in tonight's cage match
m flow with astro-sexy alright the next pick
in tonight's cage match the first challenger comes from
our very own loki loki what did you pick for tonight's cage match
i picked a song bro i don't know it from
It's, they said it was from Outfaze, I don't think it's from Outfaze, but it's called Nuon.
So this is one of those songs where somebody has decided they are going to say it's from Outfaze, even though they have no particular proof of this, right?
Exactly.
But you liked it anyway, so you're putting it in a cage match.
That and I just don't care.
Alright. Fair enough. So here it is.
An unknown group that we're going to call Not Outfades, maybe somebody will recognize
this and help us out, who knows.
And the song is called Nuon, and this is Loki's pick in Night's Cage Match.
Enjoy!
Oh
All right, that was song number two in tonight's cage match, a group that they are saying is
out phase, but we're kind of skeptical at this point.
But Nuon is the song, and both of you liked it so much, you put it in tonight's cage match.
What did the rest of us think?
Jamie?
That doesn't sound like any out phase to me.
And it did not detect the presence of Taku in that.
And I would know.
Because some people have various types of radar.
I have Takudar.
And it didn't go off.
It didn't even blink.
So it sounds pretty generic in Japan, honestly, to me.
So it gets a seven for being average.
All right, seven for being average from Jamie.
DDR Angel, what did you think of Nuon?
I thought it was pretty good, I mean, pretty good for like background music if you need to do your homework, or something, you know, if you're just playing around, photo editing, or whatever.
Um, I'd probably say... an eight and a half.
Arcadian 42.
Yeah, yeah, I still see how that sounds.
It sounded way too generic for me.
It wasn't too bad, I'd give it a 7.5.
Alright, Loki.
Take it to Nate.
If that is out phase, it's very generic and very sad direction for them, so I remain highly skeptical as to that being out phase.
It's a little generic, but it's not bad. I've just heard better trance, so I give it a 7.
Alright, but our opinions don't count, it's you in the chatroom that has a final say, and now you get my pick in tonight's Page Match.
Cage match and I am I'm being very adventurous tonight because I I haven't
even completely heard the song I'm putting in ever I heard it at the club
the other night and then I downloaded it and now I'm putting it in and I have no
idea if I even like this song as much as I thought I did but I'm kind of
desperate and I like the fact that it's another old song being resampled so
So enjoy my pick in tonight's cage match, it's a group called the Royal Jigglos, which
you know you gotta love them by the name alone.
And the song they're doing is California Dreamin', enjoy.
Hold me my sweet, hold me now, hold me God, and I shout, the sound of the storm, a portal,
I channelled through time
And my senses burned
The heart broke in life
The broken hand burned
How are you?
How are you?
Oh
I am going to heaven for the dream, and I'm not your way to stay.
I am going to heaven for the dream, and I'm not your way to stay.
Oh
I'm such a Wednesday
I'll be where you are and save the world
You're all I need, it's all that I need
No one here is for this reason
Even if I'm such a Wednesday
Hold me God, hold me God, hold me, hold me
All right, that was song number three in tonight's cage match, a song I've never heard before,
Royal Gigalos with California Dreamin'.
Jamie?
You know what?
That was really, and I understand you, had you heard it through all the way, I'm sure
you would have reconsidered your choice.
You know what?
The mix I heard was actually a little different.
That one was more repetitive in our mouth.
I remember it being like, transier, actually.
I was kind of getting into it at first, because I was like, hey, this is kind of cool.
And then I was like, ugh.
And then, the bitches singing, because I don't think it was a sample of the Mombus and the
Poppers.
I don't think it was either.
In the video, it wasn't.
If you're going to be a professional singer, a requirement is that you hold a key.
However, there's Politary. However, where I would normally have given that a 4, because of the name of the band, I said I'd give him a bonus points to get a 5.
Alright. DDR Angel.
you know what I've actually heard better better keys held by like band newbies
by band newbies if you've never been in a saxophone class with sixth graders who
have never played a saxophone before it sounds like cows being beaten to death
Alright, DDR Angel.
Moo.
Okay.
Gee, I don't know.
The song was okay.
I mean, it was kind of dancy, it was kind of cool, so...
Maybe I'll be generous and give it an 8.
Alright.
A pity point from DDR Angel.
Arcadian!
I'm gonna follow the same guidelines that Dark Sakura gives the song. I'm gonna have to give it a 1.
Which is the lowest score I've ever given one of my own songs.
I think that's the lowest score anybody's given their own song.
To quote Muffin Juice, it sounds more like an elephant getting a pineapple shoved up its ass.
All right. You guys are mean.
That would be...
All right. Well, let's see. You know what? The chat room may have felt a little differently than the rest two, right?
I have no way to imitate that.
And it is up to them to choose between these three songs.
1. M-Flow – Astro Sexy 2. Not Out Phase – Nuon
That's a horrible clip. Let's try again.
Alright, and song number three, Royal Gigalows, California Dreamin'.
California Dreaming.
All right, place, vote now.
Send a private message to Skye in the chat room with your vote.
Remember, you must send it over private message.
If you yell it out in the main chat room, you will not only not have your vote counted,
you will be mocked openly for not listening to the directions. By Jamie. Alright, so uh...
What else am I here for? But probably mockery. If caning were to be brought back, somehow
I imagine you would be involved. You would be the administrator. Dude, that'd be cool.
I still think my opinion is to solve all the world's problems. What? Two methods. Standardized
test and battle royale all right i seriously think they should take all the inmates put them on an
island kill who they made a movie out of that with ray leoto is called no escape but they need to
when they have one left and he thinks he's all winner and going back to become a productive
member of society then they they sink his boat you guys are horrible televise it new reality tv
you guys are horrible all right we're gonna take a break pretty soon here
while we tally up those cage match votes and when we excuse me I burped a little
bit when we come back from the break we're gonna hear um oh I'm sorry we're
gonna hear us doing a segment called list lists which we have not done in a
long long time on the show but we figured you know what we have some time
to fill we have some new people listening tonight we want to do list
list and tonight's topic, and this is where we determine on this show the definitive top
three of something. You know, cause top shows are very popular, like we have the top ten
games and top ten this, so we here on Orange Lounge Radio are gonna come up with our very
own top three and tonight's topic is iToy game I would most like to see on DDR. So some
of you guys may have a suggestion out there in the chat room so you might want to type
those out cause you never know, one of the hosts or the guests might pick that up and
use it as their suggestion. So we shall see. Meanwhile, I'd actually like to go over some...
well, we'll do the FUs as well when we come back. But first off, I want to talk about
some other video game news that came up this week and last week while we were having our
crazy show. So I just kind of wanted to run over some of that real fast. Xbox is going
to have a brand new Sonic Mega collection coming out for it. That's going to be pretty
20 different games, one Xbox, including Sonic, Sonic 3, Sonic Knuckles, Sonic 3D Blast, Sonic
and Knuckles when you put them together is going to be on there, and a bunch of Game
Gear titles, and then these other titles that seemingly have nothing to do with Sonic, The
Ooze, Comic Zone, Flicky, and Ristar.
You will notice, however, that Sonic CD is not on it.
You know what?
We need Sonic CD.
Maybe it's an unlock, you never know.
We need the Japanese version of Sonic CD that has the better music.
You never know.
We need nights.
We need a new nights game.
We will see.
Real quick, rumor is that we'll get our first glimpse of Metal Gear Solid 3 Snake Eater
this October.
It's going to be launched in Japan this October is the current rumor.
We'll confirm that for you as soon as we find out.
Coming out on the Game Boy Advance, you know those Nintendo games that you're paying 20
bucks for to play the same damn game you played 15 years ago?
There's even more coming out this time, Dr. Mario, Metroid, which seems completely pointless
to me, because if you want to play the old Metroid, fucking buy Metroid Zero, because
not only will you get the old Metroid, but you should get a fucking awesome Metroid game
with it, based off the old Metroid.
And wasn't there a way you can supposedly link the original, your Game Boy Advance with,
what was it, Metroid Prime? Yes, Prime and Fusion could link together and you can also
the original Metroid that way, so this will be the third time we've had the original Metroid available.
You know what?
In the past few years, yes.
Guardian Legend.
I know, I know.
Guardian Legend!
I tried to get people to vote for it.
I told Guardian Legend.
Well, there are two more that we're going to get.
Castlevania is coming out.
That is cool.
That's a must-have.
Of course, if you have a PlayStation, you could also just get Castlevania Chronicles.
Or you could just fucking get Symphony of the Night and get a really good Castlevania game.
First, that was good.
I've been playing a lot of Aria of Sorrow recently.
Castlevania 3 was the best of the Nintendo ones, the Japanese ones.
I haven't been playing a whole lot of new Castlevania games on Game Boy Advance, but I've been playing this Aria of Sorrow a lot. I actually really like it, it's pretty cool.
Also, Zelda 2, the Adventure of Link, I think we all knew that was a good one.
That would make Dan happy.
At some point.
I could not get into Zelda 2, but he loves that game.
Yep.
Also another video game, yes, Logie?
I'd like to mention beforehand. Um, we do remember, like, you know, Advent Children, of course, being the direct sequel to, uh, Final Fantasy VII. Before Crisis being the cell phone game. Well, now there's a new trademark for the U.S. Actually, there's two trademarks for the U.S. First of all, Before Crisis is coming out over in the U.S.
On cell phones?
Whether it be a cell phone or a Gameboy Advance title, that's my guess. And then another one called Dawn of Souls, which is also tied in with the Final Fantasy VII thing, so whatever that is. But it was rumored that they were going to be making a spinoff with Vincent being the lead.
Now that would just make me so happy, because Vincent was my favorite character in Final Fantasy VII.
Yeah, so...
Like, my last party was Yuffie, Vincent, and of course Cloud, because you couldn't go without him.
If I could have ditched Cloud, I would have so fast.
They have some really kick-ass scans online, too. If you go to www.adventchildren.net, they've got some awesome scans, and then there's some retard trying to make his own game and stuff.
stuff and yeah yeah yeah but like you know this is kind of bad radio but I'm
going to show this in studio here we've got a nice picture of Vincent here that
is said there was whatever okay I meant I was looking at Vincent that's it shut
up kiss my ass there's another kick-ass one of a sit here hitting god knows what
I know what you could do why don't you post this link in our chat room so the
chatters can play along and see some of these pictures because they are very nice pictures
I got to say. All right. Any other pictures you want to show us in the studio though?
Yeah, there's a really kick ass one of Vincent. Okay. That one's pretty. Now that is my man.
that's pretty sweet and we've got of course the return of red 13
you know what's funny is that the whole time I ever played Final Fantasy 7 I never
got Vincent. UVS, Vincent no. Go figure.
last call for cage match votes in our chat room FYI
also in other video gaming news recently Metroid Prime will be having a
GameCube
bundle coming out of course with the release of Metroid Prime 2 on the way
if you're thinking about getting a GameCube now's a good time because Metroid Prime
Prime will be released with the GameCube, and they'll also have a sneak peek at Metroid
Prime 2 Echoes.
Also there's going to be some new games coming out for the Nintendo DS, which sounds kind
of cool.
Lots of games being announced, I'm just going to, I'm going to see what Konami's got planned.
Konami is going to be coming out with a Castlevania game as well as a game called Boktai, I don't
know that one.
There's going to be a Goemon game on Nintendo DS, as well as a pro baseball game, of course
these are in works for Japan so who knows how many of these will actually
come over here. I dig a Goemon game. Survival Kids and the Winning Eleven series are
coming out. I'm looking at other games that sound interesting. Sonic DS. There's
going to be a Megaman Battle Network game from Capcom. Of course the
mandatory Bust-A-Move title. I know you must hate that name but that is what
they call it here in the US or Puzzle Bobble if you must. And for you,
Didi or Angel, Monster Rancher.
I'm sorry, not Monster Rancher.
Oh, shut up.
No, I'm sorry, not that one.
I was thinking Harvest Moon.
There you go.
That's what I was thinking of, Harvest Moon.
Monster Rancher.
Although, there is a Monster Rancher as well.
You're a Monster Rancher.
All right.
Anyway, do you want to know what Booktie really is?
What?
It's like a, I want to say it's like a vampire type thing, but like, I don't know, something
more cartoony.
Mm-hmm.
But, uh, it's got some sun sensor thing or whatever on it.
Oh, they have that game here.
Yeah.
I forget the name of it here, but they, they do have it here.
I thought that was a book tie.
Yeah, with the sunlight.
Maybe it was called that.
Sorry, sorry, I almost...
Oh, okay.
All right.
I almost bought that.
I almost bought that, but I bought Sword of Mana instead, and I wish I'd bought the other
game because I don't like Sword of Mana.
So...
Oh, well.
You live, you learn.
All right.
That's it for other gaming news tonight, so we're going to wrap up the cage match voting,
and you guys want to know who won tonight's cage match?
Sure, Rob.
All right.
one stinking vote one vote we have a new champion new on is tonight's winner by
one vote over astro sexy who says every vote doesn't count boys and girls I
thought astro sexy was guaranteed win again yeah cuz you know if the one
person that voted for California dreamin would have voted for the other song
could have been different but the one person that voted for California
Oh well. Now I'm not going to say every vote is cast in secret, but if you want to out yourself on air, go ahead.
I'll just make another inflow song next week.
There you go.
Better watch it, I'll pick Toxic.
I almost put Toxic in tonight.
I'll make you guys listen to Britney.
You guys are getting Danny Minnow again next week.
Okay, I'm not going to torture you guys that badly, I'll pick some inflow.
Alright. I think we're going to go to a break. What should we hear in this break? I don't know. Just let me give me an idea for a theme for this video.
Taku.
Some Taku? Alright. Some Taku?
No. Play Thrash Tracks.
Oh God. Is that Taku?
Yeah.
Was it really?
Thrash Tracks and Tetraku.
Alright, fine.
I want old Taku stuff.
All right, we'll hear some of that and then we'll be back and we're gonna do tonight's episode of listless
and remember we're still looking for your ideas from the chatroom.
Itoygame I'd most like to see in DDR.
we'll be back
Easier to dance to than that freaking catch-up song, Orange Lounge Radio.
We are back, and as promised, we're going to get into tonight's edition of Listless.
I think we need a theme song for Listless.
What's a good Bomani song that's like a theme song for Listless?
Um, Holic.
You can't do Holic again.
I know, the one that was the pop music video. It sounds very game show-y.
Oh, Linus.
Yeah.
Shit, do I have Linus? I don't have that song readily available to me.
Oh, but I thought...
Let's see if I can find it. Oh, damn, all my pop music special stuff is gone.
Oh, I know a good one. I know a good one, because you said pop music.
That made me think of a pop music song that would be really good if I could find it.
crap oh here it is here it is yes it's that it's that um that toy sounding song
from nine it's time to play listless
can't fire rod you're not in tonight's edition of listless we will be
determining the i-toy game we most want to see in a TDR game the way that
The list list works is that each host and each guest will make their list of three games that they want to see in an IToy DDR.
After that, we will have the elimination round, where each person will take one thing off of the list.
After that, the chat room will be able to vote. So if you're not in the chat room, join in now.
www.orangeloungeradio.com
Click on chat.
And now, let's play, Listless!
Rob, you've scared me.
Beyond all capacity to be scared!
Except there's no slugs involved. If there were slugs involved, I'd be even more scared.
In all seriousness, let's get to tonight's list.
Alright, let's see. Eye toy game I most want to see in DDR. Starting off tonight,
who always starts us off? The lovely Dark Sakura.
Damn straight on lovely. She's a trendsetter. I sure am. Number three iToy game you most
want to see in DDR? Car Wash the Game. Car Wash the Game. Explain how this works. You'd
have your buckets on the ground and one would be your sponge and you'd wash the car and
then you'd have the hose that you'd spray down the car. And would this actually relate
to DDR at all? No. Alright, fine. How about, it'll play Eurobeat while you do it. Okay.
Alright, there you go. I know, I know. Better yet, how about Bikini Car Wash the game? Alright.
Then like your icon, you just like, you know, and so like, the better you do, the hotter
you are and the more tips you get. Okay, Bikini Car Wash the game. Alright, fine. That works.
I'll change it there. Alright. And if it's a guy, then it's Speedo Car Wash. I see, I
was thinking the movie Car Wash. At the Car Wash, yeah. Alright, I could be playing in
in the background. All right, Angel. All right, then let's go to RKDN42 since Angel's working
there. RKDN42, number three iToy game you would most like to see in DDR.
I just made a comment about that car wash. As long as no one's carrying around a bucket
of piss. Okay.
That wasn't that car wash. That could be like negative points.
That wasn't car wash. Someone was carrying around a thing of piss. I don't know why.
Alright, the movie sucked.
Alright, anyway.
Number three, Lice Invaders.
Watch out, they're coming down from the sky to attack your head.
Lice Invaders.
Okay, Lice Invaders.
And to relate this to DDR, Lice Invaders would also play Eurobeat in the background, correct?
Alright, alright, fine.
Alright, Lice Invaders.
Alright, DDR Angel.
Number three itoy game you would most like to see in DDR?
I couldn't really come up with anything for number three, so I just said mini pop music or mini 2dx
Like a mini like a chibi 2dx. How about I say that? Chibi 2dx?
Yeah, cuz I couldn't come up with anything else original. Oh well. All right, that's fine. That's fine a little chibi game
That'll be cute. All right, Loki your
Number three pick for a itoy game. I would most like to see in DDR
My game is so awesome. It's called Break Shit. Basically, um...
You are so bad in the face.
Okay. Damn this yogurt! Anyways, um, no basically...
Is your yogurt that hot?
Yes it is. It makes me giggle. Anyways, no, basically what you do is an object would come on the screen and you break it.
Alright.
Alright, Loki suggesting Break Shit is the iToy game he would most like to see in DDR. Alright.
And again, to relate this to DDR, Eurobeat Music would be playing in the background. Alright.
You break shit.
Daikinkai.
Yeah, Daikinkai.
My number three game I would most like to see in DDR, Whack-a-Child.
That sounds brilliant.
Whack-a-Child. Basically as you play DDR, little children come on the screen and you have to whack them away.
Do you have the big orange bat icon?
You could. That would be like the bonus stage.
Okay.
Number two pick now from Jamie.
It would be something like the candy bar doll maker.
I don't know if you've seen all the dolls I've been posting in my live journal.
No.
Oh, well, I did have this thing with the candy bar doll maker, and this is, it's like an
interactive thing where you make the outfits and choose the hair and everything, but you
could use it to, if you want to see what the original candy bar was, it's candybar.co.kr,
but there's also an English one if you look it up on Google.
But anyway, you use the doll maker and you make your character for DDR and then you play
as that character.
So you can drag the hair over and you can make him a boy or make him a girl.
That's the gayest game I've ever heard of, but alright fine.
Candy Bar Doll Game is what... and Eurobeat would play in the background while you do
it.
Nope.
Nope.
It would be like the OHA music.
Okay, the OHA music.
Alright, Arkadium42, your number two pick.
Originally I came up with the idea of head explode mode, or head explode mode, explode
mode if you want, but I thought it would maybe make it cooler, be the evade the assassins
bullet game, where you see the red dot on your head and you have to avoid it.
And if you don't...
Evade the assassins bullet game, so a little red laser would appear on your head, and if
you don't move out of the way, then boom, your head explodes, and if it actually explodes
that would make it a little bit more dangerous and maybe a bit more fun.
It would work for coming in silent scope mode. Yes, there you go, silent scope mode.
Alright, brilliant. I like it. I'm going to put that in parenthesis.
Silent scope. Alright.
Angel, your number two pick.
Let's see. Um, hell.
Okay, how about, um, mini Flashwater?
Do you remember that game from Mario Paint? The thing where you just take the mouse and
then like swaddle the flies and crap? Mini Fly, so the fly swatting game. Yes, Nat
Attack, that's what it was called. I don't know, I just thought maybe that'd be kind
of cool. I'm not funny tonight. Oh well. That's alright, we're going to need some serious
ones in here anyway. Alright, Loki, your number two pick for iToy game that you would like
to see in DDR. I'm looking at your list, because I can see your list over on your computer
and I can't help it because it's funny. Alright. Answer the damn question. You're number two
pick. I can't. He's laughing too hard. It's funny. Say it. No. It's all your damn fault.
See, he starts giggling and then I can't. Okay, here's some serious thoughts. Things
that you like. You know. Okay. Shooting RBGL children in the head. Shh. Okay. My next
This one is awesome. It's basically, I'm itchy.
It sounds like a personal problem.
I think it's pretty self-explanatory. You see the spot on your body gets red. It's it.
Do you have jock itch?
I'm itchy is Loki's number two pick.
pick. If Whack-A-Child wasn't quite good enough for you, then we have, um, Whack-A-Parent
would be the iToy game I would like to see. Whack-A-Parent. Because we all know that it's
not really the kids' fault, it's their parents. So Whack-A-Parent is my number two pick.
I would so own it at. Alright. Alright, uh, Jamie, you're number two. I'm sorry, you're
number one. My last one, the thing is, I don't, it would require that you be able to play
with two y-toys, honestly. Well that's fine, you're innovative. Okay. It would be called
fuck with the other player's arrows mode. Where you would basically reach over on their
side and move their arrows. You would actually reach over and rearrange their arrows. Exactly.
Alright, I like that idea. Seriously, think about how crazy that would be. That would
like fill a hole in your spin on Dance Battle. Could you just like knock all your own arrows
Yeah, you can do that. You can shove your arrows over to their side.
Actually, that reminds me of, I don't know if anybody played You Don't Know Jack, but volume 4 has this mode where it's nail mode where you just pound the end key and all these nails go on a question so you can't read it and the person has to guess. They're like forced to guess.
Alright, let's get the mic on over to Artadium42 for his number one pick for iToygame I would most like to see in DDR.
Alright, my number one pick will be Dandruff White Christmas.
There will be little people on the bottom of the screen and they're so wishing for a white Christmas.
And you are the number one producer of Dandruff.
And you are going to give them a nice white Christmas by shaking your head
Into various directions to make sure they have a beautiful beautiful Christmas a lot of DDR players
I know wouldn't need an eye toy actually for this. No. I'm kidding all right
The ender of white Christmas mode very interesting, okay?
Um DDR angel you're number one pick
Actually, I'm gonna be completely kidding and go to the mini, but game darn it laughs the mini, but game. How does that work?
In WarioWare, there's this game where it says shoot, and you have to shoot water on this flower to make it spin, but the flower looks like an asshole.
So it looks like this moving bidet that you're using to shoot water up somebody's asshole.
So Angel wants to turn this into an itoy game. What was your real answer?
My real answer was going to be mini Burger King time, but I don't know if that was going to work.
I like the mini butt game. I'm going to actually take that to mini water in your asshole.
Oh my god, how old are we people?
Oh shit!
Rob is all red in the face now, this has got to be good.
Oh god I love this.
Here take the mic.
Damn you!
Alright I'll do it, I'll do it.
No make, no make, make him do it, make him do it.
Make him say it.
Come here, come here, come here, it's okay, deep breaths.
Alright, let's see.
Oh, the next one.
And my final one, number one.
I have plenty more where this came from too, this just happens to be the one that comes
to my head right now.
Yeah, I pulled it out of my ass.
This next one is basically like a quiz show game.
It's kind of like you don't know Jack, where you get like three questions.
And the problem will be that they're very hard.
So, if you get the question wrong, you catch fire.
It's called answer question or catch fire, and you can't play around too much because
otherwise, you know, fire burns faster when you're moving, so that's, yeah.
Another question or catch fire is Loki's choice and don't flail around too much because the
fire just grows that way.
Alright.
It should have been burn victim the game.
Now Loki's saying burn victim the game, nope too late.
It's answer question or catch fire.
Alright and again to relate this to DDR Eurobeat music would play in the background I should
play.
Alright, my number one pick for IToyGame I would like to see in DDR, you've seen Wacka
Child, you've seen Wacka Parent, but the best one by far is Wackapolitary, is my number
one choice.
Wackapolitary.
Wackapolitary.
Do you think you'd see that in like, Derby owners club?
Well, yeah, but that's a little different.
Actually, Politary would come out on the screen, she would actually sing, broken my heart,
and you can punch her in the stomach.
to get her to stop so alright so that's my number one answer whack-a-policary
alright now unfortunately comes the part
where we have to eliminate one off the list a piece
so right now here is the list as it stands. Do you want to read this Jamie?
Can you read it from back there? Okay. Alright. Bikini car wash the game
life invaders chibi TDX for popin' music
Break shit. Whack a child. Candy bar doll game. Evade the assassin's bullet
silent scope. Mini fly swatter nat attack. I'm itchy. Whack a parent. Fuck with the other
player's arrows. Dandruff white Christmas. Mini water in your asshole day. Stop that.
You're trying to make me bust up, okay?
Answer a question or catch fire, or whack-a-policary.
You know what, I should have read it like in that Margaret Cho- since we're talking about
Margaret Cho and the chapter, I should have done,
Galloping Critterous. Alright, this is hard. Honestly, these are all really good.
I've got money. This is a very difficult elimination round for us, because there's a lot of these that are
fucking funny. Yes, Angel? One comment about the whole thing is,
oh my god, it's I Toy Meets WarioWare. I Toy Meets WarioWare.
Alright, Jamie, you gotta take one off the list. Which number is coming off?
Uh, dandruff white christmas goes.
Alright, dandruff white christmas.
Dandruff is nasty.
Alright, that's too bad. Alright.
Fired!
Uh, Arkadian, your turn. You gotta take one off the list.
I see I have too many whack things to say. Whack a parent. It's more fun to whack kids.
Alright, because it's more fun to whack kids than whack parents, uh, whack a parent is coming off the list. Alright.
Angel, one of these has to come off the list.
Um...
I don't know. Candy Bar Doll Game.
Candy Bar Doll Game. Yeah, that was a little gay, Jamie. Even you have to admit.
Alright.
Loki, which one of these is coming off the list?
off the list? Um, you know, as much as I don't like her, uh, wack-a-policary, because wack-a-child
is the best. Yeah, wack-a-child is pretty. All right, wack-a-policary comes off the list,
that's fine. Uh, me, I have to take one off the list, and I've got to say, I'm just not
feeling it for, um, chibi2dx, I'm sorry. Sorry, Angel. Yeah, why have a bimani-related game
yeah one of the money related game anything all right
by the fact that
you can see if you can use the lucky method and pull it out of your ass
al
what did you say
well he's going to do what we are not putting that on the air we're not
planning on the air overpaid ham
the that's why people need to be in the studio here all of the really uh...
socially incorrect uh...
politically incorrect statements that Loki makes when you can't hear him.
Alright, here we go. Here it is. I toy game I most want to see in DDR. Here is the list
that you can vote for now in the chat. Send one vote, your favorite, over to Sky via private
message. Here it is. Number one, bikini car wash the game. Number two, lice invaders.
Number four, break shit. Number five, whack a child. Number seven, evade the assassin's
bullet or silent scope mold number eight mini fly swatter or nat attack number
nine I'm itchy number 11 fuck with the other players arrows number 13 mini
water in your asshole game number 14 answer question or catch fire place vote
now send a private message to sky in the chat room with your choice for what you
would like to see win tonight's listless segment and we'll put that all together
and we'll put that out on the air as soon as we have everybody's vote you got
some other ones yes Logie I'm a crappy raver mode a crappy raver mode would be
fun and well you know my other my original number one was interactive gal
panic dangle baby over balcony I'm actually going to open up the skype line
right now if anybody would like to send their even though your session is a
little late to make the list maybe there's something you want to vote for
you want to persuade other people to vote on the list or maybe you have a
suggestion that was just really good and we missed it and that's just too damn
bad because you know you don't make the list so the skype line is open right now
let's see if anybody gives us a call otherwise I guess we're just gonna have
to go to a break aren't we that's my ever thread is that if nobody calls the
Skyline and we just go to a break. But when we do come back from break, please don't send
them in yet or else I'm going to miss them. Oh, we are getting a call. Hooray. You are
on Orange Lounge Radio. Hey Sky, this is John Fields. Can you hear me? Yes, I can. Hey John,
how you doing? Hi. Hey, I posted this a couple of times in the chat, but I guess you didn't
see it. Yeah, we were too busy laughing at answer question or catch fire. They were all
red in the face. It was cute. Actually, I was thinking you could combine the DER pad
with the eye toy to create something sort of like a samurai game.
He's saying...
...run at each other.
We're having a hard time hearing you.
I'm going to say that he's saying something about you could combine the DDR pad with the
eye toy to make like a samurai game where you could run at each other type thing.
Kind of like a...
Right.
And then a punch to attack, basically.
That's kind of like mocap.
See, now that's a good, serious answer.
Unfortunately, it's not funny, but it's actually a good answer as far as serious ones are concerned.
I always thought they should have used the iToy to make a mocap boxing at home.
Any other suggestions you got for us, John?
Uh, that was it, basically.
Alright, well that's actually a decent one, so you might want to send that on over to Konami, you never know.
Alright, thanks for calling.
No problem.
Bye-bye.
Let's see if I can answer this call real fast that's coming in.
Uh, hey, you're on Orange Launch Radio.
Hello, Skype, Siggy here.
Hey, Siggy, how you doing?
Yeah, hey, I'm doing fine.
What's your suggestion?
What's your suggestion?
I never had that kind of laugh since episode sixty nine. He has not laughed that hard since
episode sixty nine when Loki sang I'm Coming Out. I wasn't here. I know you weren't even here, Jamie.
Alright, well, which one made you laugh the most?
Well, of course, the one that says number thirteen.
I really, you know,
the chatters right now, go for number thirteen. Number thirteen, the mini water in your
asshole game is the one that made him laugh the most.
I was laughing really hard.
Oh, my stomach, you know, my stomach's really hurting.
Well, I'm glad we could cause you such pain here on Orange Lake Radio.
Uh...
Take a deep breath.
Are you okay?
Breathe in.
Did you have any suggestions you wanted to pass along?
Well, I...
We can barely hear you.
Speak into your mic a little more.
Just, uh, yeah, that's it.
Just, uh, episode.
Yeah, I mean, uh, episode.
I mean, uh, vote for number 13.
All right, he's just saying,
vote for number 13.
Many water in your asshole game.
Alright, we'll see, Siggy. We'll see. Thanks for calling.
Later.
Have a good one.
Oh, I love this phone thing. I love being able to talk to listeners. It's so cool.
Alright, we'll take more calls a little later, but we're going to take a break so we can tally up the votes.
And when we come back, we're going to have the FUs of the week. But please don't send them in yet.
Don't wait until we start the segment to send them in.
So, we'll be back after this break, featuring, since we did TAC songs, I thought maybe we could do some TACa songs.
Including Leading Cyber Another, which Jamie wanted to hear earlier.
Being cyber or another makes me all, like, squishy.
Alright, so we'll be back after this break of Taka music while you guys vote on tonight's
listless enjoy
They can't control my mind
They can't control my mind
My bad, I got a location test one in there, so let's do a better quality Taka song. Let's do this one.
Oh
Oh
You
For them steps wide to orange clouds, this GDR sucks!
Holla!
Stop!
Stop!
Stop!
Stop!
Stop!
All right, we are back and we're about ready to get into the FUs of the week.
We just have to wait for the chairman of the FU board to get back here and then we can
start things off.
Oh, what do you know?
There she is.
Excuse me.
I need to do a 10 to something.
Thank you.
All right.
Yeah, you had to go worship the porcelain goddess.
No.
I'm just teasing.
Okay.
All right.
So we got to get this in.
Hopefully we have a little bit of time for Ask Orange Lounge, but I don't know.
We definitely have to get this segment in.
Why is it, Jamie, that we have to do these FUs every single week?
Sometimes you just gotta let it out.
My first FU goes to the almost entirety of traffic on the road today, which is why I
stand by my desire to have a Humvee with a freaking missile launcher on it so that...
I finally saw it in action. I found a movie file on military.com of a Humvee with a missile
launcher blowing up a tank. And that like totally, you know, was so hot to me. So I
decided that I really, really have to have one now. So I need one for traffic. Another
Another F.U. goes toward, uh, I'm getting a little panicky about school so I guess this
sort of goes to me for being kind of panicky about it.
Another F.U. goes toward not having time and money and the ability to go visit who I want
to.
Although, I am planning on going to Alabama in November, so I'll come back action and
all and you'll have to make fun of me and I'll go off with y'all another one
goes toward I'm gonna be very general with this and say people who just don't
get it you know you tell them and you point it out and they just don't get it
you know those people know another as you goes toward that stupid introduction
to Windows class that I have to take well you know what I say dear class fuck
you I'm petitioning the Dean so I can test out of it thank you I think I'm
done oh yeah and then one goes to allergies not having any sinus medicine
Alright, let's move on to Loki and his FUs of the week.
Um, my first FU goes to the stupid trees which the limbs keep falling off of.
I swear to God, I know I'm going to be walking to the apartment during the night, all of a sudden this limb is going to fall on me.
And that's going to suck.
Also, fuck you, the SUV drivers. I swear to God, I just saw, like, um, yesterday, two, um, different instances where SUVs crashed into things. First one being into a truck, and the second time, a Humvee jumped the rail and hit another car, because it was, um, an H2. It's not a real Hummer. Yeah, it's not a real Hummer, but, you know.
in h2 because you know some and and it was a woman was a woman driving it I
bet you she was on a cell phone too I want to sort of insert a nephew there to
the h2 they look like shit yeah if you want a hummer you freaking get one that
looks like it's you know armored that it can run over buildings and live I don't
have a problem with women driving SUVs or anything like that it's just when you
drive with cell phones and don't pay attention to shit then you get in an
Accidents and they kill people because I know there was the stretcher there and they were sure as hell blocking traffic. So
huh, anyways, fuck you them and
Fuck you to Alien vs. Predator
God damn it. That was a waste of two hours
But it was a funny-ass movie
Alien vs. Predator
Yeah, who do I thunk it that it was a buddy comedy?
my god lame but you know I should have known better going into it and finally I
don't know that's it I'm done oh that's right talk to you to my co-worker
actually this is quite funny because the one that was sleeping around she's
getting demoted she couldn't cut it shows you that it takes more than just
sleeping around to get into sales bitch all right that's all my turn F you to
getting sick and F you to having a special friend that you keep passing
diseases back and forth too. I mean like colds, people. Don't think dirty. Also, I would like
to say a big F you to faggoty drama queens, and I know that faggot is a derogatory term
and I don't use it unless I really mean it, okay? This guy I know, he's a real faggot,
okay? And I'm gay, so I'm allowed to say that word. Like there's a difference between a
gay person and like a total faggot, okay? And this guy fizzes me off because he is such
a fucking drama queen you wouldn't even imagine
i haven't seen this guy in like five years
and then like last night i ran into him and there was just this aura
of just like
drama-ness that you wouldn't even look me in the eye
as much as i just wanted to say hi and just be like
okay so like hi you know our drama's five years old let's get over it
nope denied
so whatever
fuck that
i'm done
uh... but that's all i have to say
uh... moving on let's go to uh... angel in our team with my art again
first off uh...
but you do these horrible commercial
horrible radio commercial
fucking kids
uh... every fifty minutes god damn kids come on
yes that there is a life but he made the polls on the commercial
damn kids are so fucking annoying
I want to shoot the goddamn radio for this stupid kid.
Looks like it stabbed him through the radio.
Oh no, I'm dying.
Oh, Kenny, where are you?
Oh, let's see what else.
Fuck you though, radio commercials that have songs that
take, oh, I like this song.
And then it's a fucking commercial.
I hope your business goes down in flames.
Unfortunately, it's like one of those damn
car dealerships of Satan that
going forever
uh... but into the trees of work that uh...
or staff on the
one week are
i can only afford uh... and for you that i can afford that you know
for what they did
really felt that often
scraping scrub and everything
being nearly penniless
have been planned out
months in advance
where my money's going
But hopefully that will change in like a month or two.
And fuck you to not be able to go places.
And not be able to go to the arcades or anything.
Yay, that's all.
Alright, DDR Angel.
Alright, uh, well...
I know you guys have said this FU over and over and over again, but see, now that I live here,
I really know what you're talking about.
FUs are the freakin' stupid drivers around here.
They've almost killed us, like, I don't know, at least five times as I can recall this week while driving around Sacramento, so it's like, wow.
And, um, also F.U. to the main post office that, eh, I can talk, post office in Sacramento because they, uh, have still decided to hold our mail, so we're not getting all of it like we should be.
Oh well, I guess that's the
downside to moving.
Also,
Magus wants to send an F.U. to
big workservers going down, because now he's going to have to explain himself
on Wednesday
as to why the server went down for four hours.
So he's going to have some extra work to do, it looks like. Oh well.
Alright, I guess that's uh, I don't know.
I guess that's it. I'm done. Whatever.
That's so cool.
information pan duh I counted your vote for song two because I saw that you
changed it bitch wow that was really brutal I just probably I just totally
just as one of our listeners yes see now this is crap okay
all right moving on violent hyper girl says f you to fanboys nephew to
three-dimensional calculus when it involves solving the moment of inertia in some solid
object because it involves three intervals, each of which takes almost a third of a page.
Okay, I'm getting bored here. Also, F you to leaving my friend's birthday party on Saturday
night. If I didn't have to go to Davis the next day, I would have stayed all night and
just caught a ride with someone. But yeah, an F you to ants. They need to die. Heart
raid. By the way, an F you goes to a particular person who acts like they know everything.
are an idiot, period. I don't like saying F.U.'s to individuals in particular.
Ry Chan says, F.U. to drama queens that blame the drama on everyone else and break up a
community in the process. Ooh, I agree with that. F.U. to garbage that is on welfare and
feels they need to have children because their boyfriend is going to take care of me.
Amen to that.
Dark Tetsuya says, F.U. to keyboard hotkeys. I hit one on accident and it shut down my
on my computer. MJB says, my FU of the week goes to god damn toys and joys dot com for
sending me my Max 2 Japanese after two weeks of waiting but forgetting to send party collection.
I hate you toys and joys. You know what, I've got a free copy of fantasy star collection
out of them. John Field says, FU to Microsoft and XP service pack 2 again because I'm still
crashing f you to the laws of physics it would be much easier if I didn't need to
use any fuel to drive my car f you to moving between dorm rooms misty says the
closest thing to a real f you that I've gotten this week is to myself for not
being able to think shit up for my RPG and the works of fanfiction I've got
linaria says f you to physical distance because I found the guy online that I
really like but he lives hundreds of miles from me
Dark Knight says, F you to the USA basketball team for getting the ass kicked by Puerto Rico today.
That is kind of funny.
Zao Zao, I hope I said that right.
Zao Zao says, F you to my connection for being so shitty. Fuck you.
F you, Nickel City, for ripping off Konami and using StepMania.
Nickel City.
And lastly, oh, that wasn't even the nephew, but, uh, it was a personal question for me from somebody. So I guess that was the last one.
Aw. Aw, I know. Sad, huh?
Wow, uh, about the Toys and Joys' nephew, that's the first time I've actually heard someone, like, negatively bash them except for when I didn't get my controller, but, you know, I got it, like, five days later.
actually heard someone like negatively bash them except for when I didn't get
my controller but you know I got it like five days later so it doesn't matter all
right I have never had a problem with toys and toys when I when we were really
big into the Sega Aegis 2500 we had ordered a bunch of games from there and
all of our others arrived they actually sent me an email saying you know fantasy
star we were out of fantasy star collection would you like to cancel the
order I said well sure go ahead and cancel it and you know we'll wait on
that and they had shipped it anyway so we were actually never charged for a
fancy star collection all right we are done I actually have when I ordered my
guitar fix controllers I had them two days later all right you that's it for
the FUs tonight we've got all our FUs in are we ready to hear about tonight's
listless show our Rob are we ready and now to announce the winners of tonight's
listless as a reminder here is tonight's topic I toy minigame I would most like
to see in DDR you voted and here are the results in third place we have a tie our
Our third place winner number one is BreakShit!
Yay!
Our third place winner number two is Wacka Child!
Yay!
Our second place winner in tonight's list list is FuckWithTheOtherPlayerZeroes!
Yay!
And tonight's winner for iToy Mini Game I Would Most Like To See In DDR is
Mini Water In Your Asshole Game!
oh and answer question or catch fire also got third place this is where
angels thought bubble goes dot dot dot I won what I know me too dot dot dot yeah
but she had a little help from the rest of us you were gonna say you were gonna
say the WarioWare thing and nobody got that was much funnier when we said water
in your asshole that is the WarioWare nevermind I guess it was better than I
I guess it was better than that BurgerTime thing.
Alright, and showing the true mentality age of most of our chat room chatters and our listeners, the game that has the word asshole in it wins, so good job.
I think that's the first time that that's actually happened.
Other thoughts of mine were like, regulate your bitches mode, you know, where you just get to bitch slap your fucking hoes and shit. I thought that was funny.
What? Here.
I could have had whack a hoe.
No, it's pimpin' hoes mode.
Pimpin' hoes mode, yeah.
Or, like, um, my favorite, uh, call the assurance expector, um, at a toy factory mode. Basically, you get to throw in a bunch of, like, sharp razor blades and stuff into, like, the stuffed animals. But, see, you have certain items that you can put in the animals, and you just have to get the right one, you know, depending on what it is.
I'm thinking of one that's like, there was one of those little Flash games that was where you would have this phallus and shoot into these condoms as they went by. They should have, like, Condom Tester the game.
Um, Angel, I have some questions for you as the author of, um...
Oh, shit!
What?
What?
Loki, what?
Oh, this is, this is like, okay, there's the line, and I'm crossing it, okay, um...
Do your own abortion mode!
Stop it!
You're horrible.
Alright.
uh...
angel as the author of uh...
uh... many water in your asshole game i have some questions
uh... have you ever played i toy groove
no i don't like where group takes pictures and video of you as you play
would armament many water in your asshole game do the same thing
okay i don't know what you know that you know um... that you could actually drop
trial in front of the camera and said that we're going to have a really it
What was that really fucked up Japanese game that had the vibrator shit?
Rez? Rez. God.
I know, like, there's the Abunga game, where you stick the finger in the ass.
Abunga-bunga. Somebody in our chat room actually suggested that. I saw that go by.
I can't believe, though, that Abunga actually was, like, a real game and they had a party
for it and everything.
My other question about mini water in your asshole game.
once you get the water in your asshole would you be able to shoot it back out?
on that note it's about time to end
the show here so we're gonna go around and get everybody's final
thought. DDR Angel, your final thought please.
I did not expect the
butt thing to win but okay whatever. You just don't know this show well enough
You've been listening how long now and you're the official historian of the show and you
don't know that some joke, a dick and fart joke, a dick fart or asshole joke is always
going to win.
Always.
Of course.
You should know better.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Okay.
Well, okay.
The fact that it was my pick kind of messed it all up.
I'm like, wow.
I actually, I don't know.
People actually chose what I wanted to do.
All right.
Get over yourself.
All right.
Arkadian42, your final thought, please.
Things may be looking up, my future may be coming on, yay.
Loki, your final thought, please.
I'm... tired.
I got yogurt. That's gonna suck later.
I hope you all have a wonderful week, and listen to Orangelan's radio lots.
By Popular Demand, The Orange On It Radio Rewind, and probably, we're looking, I actually
might bump it up a little bit to like six o'clock so our East Coast friends don't have
to stay up so late to hear the show, maybe even five, we'll see.
My final thought is actually listen to Pump Up The Volume on Tuesday night, starting at,
I tend to start around a quarter to seven if I get early, but usually pre-show starts
at seven, show starts at seven thirty, goes to whenever, I will likely be doing homework
the whole time but uh I'm thinking you know I play a lot of dancy happy crappy
stuff I'm just gonna go for broke and say screw you RIAA I'm playing Metallica
S&M concert and like a bunch of hair rock and like some Rumsstein and and I
don't know I might go in some like Danzig and Henry Rollins just for the
hell of it. Nothing happy, dancy, poppy for me. Okay, maybe a little bit. Maybe a free
show. And some inflow. I'll play some inflow to make the inflow people happy. I will play
some inflow in Crystal K. How's that? It's mostly going to be the Metallica S&M concert
because that's just really, really freaking rad. That's it.
Alright. That should be a very interesting show then.
Oh hell yeah! Excuse me. I used to stay up late watching Saturday Night Live and then Headbanger's Ball.
And then it was 120 minutes for a long time. So yeah, I remember the days of Headbanger's Ball.
Alright, the final word of the show, I'm actually going to give it to Angel because she whispered a good one in my ear so I want her to say it.
Oh, do you want me to say the whole thing or just the one word?
No, just the one word. The final word of the show is...
Vortex!
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is an Orange Lounge production.
Orange Lounge Radio is hosted by Dark Sakura, Sky, and Loki.
If you'd like to leave us a comment, send us an email at orangeloungeradioatyahoo.com.
And now, here's your fortune cookie message of the day.
For the good thing he's found
If he is his friend, he can't see it
She can't do no wrong
Rhode Island Red is his best friend
He can't put her down
When a man wants a chicken
Spend his very last dime
Buying her fresh corn down at the grain and feed
If he'll build a nest for her comfort
And sleep out in the coop
If she says that's the way it's got to be
Well, this man loves his chicken She lays them all the eggs she had
Tell the farmer that nothing's gone wrong Believe me, she's cockin' just cause she's blind
When a man loves a chicken
And people think that it is wrong
He shouldn't think he speaks
And words don't belong
Just when a man loves a chicken
I know exactly how he speaks
Hey baby, baby, baby
When a man loves a chicken, you know exactly how he feels, shacked up into his house with
the good things he found.
When a man loves a chicken, people think that he's insane, but all he can do is wing it
Thank you very much for listening, and we'll see you next week.
