🎵Music🎵
And now, for our feature presentation...
Orange Lounge Radio Live is now on the air.
Orange Lounge Radio Live is a live talk program dedicated to all things Bomani, and then some.
Orange Lounge Radio may contain adult content, so you probably shouldn't let your children listen.
If you do let your children listen to Orange Lounge Radio, they may turn into evil little
demons from hell!
Oh wait, most children already are evil little demons from hell.
Now you see that evil will always triumph because good feels dumb.
Fact, drunken, stupid is no way to go through life, sir.
He jeopardizes my ability to effectively govern this student body.
Well, makes you look like an ass is what he does, Ed.
Hamburgers! The cornerstone of any nutritionist practice.
That was huge. Cool.
Do you mind if I take my new car for a ride?
Catherine, the only thing you're going to be riding is me.
Have you seen Malcolm? Lena?
Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to my underground lair.
layer what was you I was going to expose you I know so I choose to expose myself
please there are ladies presents definitely great if it wasn't for the
fucking customers dark Sakura oh my god I see a bloody
stop sky in the town in the place baby moki oh my foot why did I shoot myself
like orange lounge radio we are live and this is episode number 106 for this
to August the 8th of 2004. We are the internet talk radio program dedicated to all things
Vamani and then some. And with me as always are my awesome co-hosts in this corner, the
Happiest Bunny on the Farm. Say hello to Miss Jamie Summers. You know her better, Star Sacra?
Yay. Hooray for me. Hooray for you. Hooray for me. I'm, I'm, and hooray for me. You put
my meat on the cab. You poured out my meat. Yes, I did. I put your meat on our brand new
new web cam available at www www.orangeloungeradio.com is our web cam address. Also with us tonight
say hello to our tech master Loki. She's like Dr. Claw but instead of the arm it's a foot.
But it's not the quads, it's just a hand. It just can't be Dr. Hand, because that's just stupid.
Also with us tonight, we have very few special guests here, but they're plentiful in the talent they have to bring.
We have somebody who has never been on the show before, and to be honest, I don't even know him that well.
But I think he's hilarious in what I've seen of him at our local arcade. Say hello to Andrew.
yes yeah what's going on i don't know if you play by your online real life
andrew ryan andrew is also well-known for what at that was locally here rosal
i'd just love to have a higher
are he's a pirate
how ironic i act like a pirate online
he dressed up as one
you act like one of these at work
All right, also with us tonight, we have somebody who frequents the show quite a bit.
You recognize her from our chat room, I'm sure, if you hang out there.
Say hello to PDR Angel.
Hello!
How you doing today?
Pretty good.
No, I noticed we're wearing, like, matching shirts tonight.
No, what the hell was that? I wasn't even playing that.
They're not technically twin shirts.
They're clothes.
They're clothes.
We've got, she's got the one with the little piranha plant from Super Mario Bros. that says,
bite me.
Charar.
And then I have the goomba that says, you lose.
So it's like we're twins.
We'll go post on the webcam again real fast during the break.
All right.
also with us tonight we have another very special guest
he's somebody that has actually been on the show before
and he's our buddy from my Kansas who now lives here in California
it's our buddy Shane also known as Miklatos
and if I'm not mistaken
you have a new name now that you go by as well yes?
yeah if you've been on the DDR Free Chords
I would be the new Vivid member Seagurd
so I'm the one causing you guys pain I definitely have a lot of questions for
Seagurd when we get back from the break oh yeah tonight I guess maybe you guys
heard about this we do have a little something there's a little song out
there I think some of you guys are wanting to hear tonight that's all for
right now but it is your rain from brand new DDR extreme and we'll be playing
that a little bit later in the show, but hell, while we have a captive audience, let's do
our normal antics, why don't we, huh?
Why not?
Why not?
Because we love our listeners.
It's a three-hour show.
Let's wait till 2.59.
What do you think?
That works for me.
The song's only like a minute long.
All right.
No, we'll get to it somewhere after.
Eventually.
We definitely have to do How Was Your Week, How Was Your Day first, though, because that's
when we start every show.
Of course.
But first, we're going to take a break, and in this break, we're going to hear the original
Akira Yomoka, Your Rain, from Silent Hill 4.
That song is just so hot.
Because the song rocked before they remixed it.
So I'm going to play it now.
Quite literally, because it is rock.
It is rock.
It is rock.
So enjoy.
How perceptive.
Yes, enjoy this, and then we will be back to play a little bit of How Was Your Week, How Was Your Day.
Also tonight, boys and girls, Match Game.
And to play Match Game tonight, you're going to want to be on Skype.
Skype.org to download the client, and then you can talk to us live in the studio, and that's also available.
So here it is.
We'll be playing a remix of it tonight.
But here's the original from Silent Hill 4, Kiryamoka, your reign. Enjoy.
Alone again, again
The rain falling on your scent
I will, I will
Remind you to dance with me
Nobody's showing me
How to return my love
You give to me, I'm gonna hold me
That love's a strange old name
I'll never learn that you'll ever bring me down
All that I need are some simple love and love
You've touched me by once, it hurts
Stay with me softly, never forget
Never again will be
I cry
Out of my head
And I don't know what I've found
Over and over
The fear that breaks me down
I'm the devil, I'm the city
I'm a beast of the wind
I see the people goin' nowhere
See me strokein' our heads
Tell me passion doesn't matter
My resistance is waning
The flower in the basement
Wait for our love today
I want you out of my head
And I don't know what I've found
Over and over
I feel it break me down
I'm a sidewalk
I'm a city
I'm a tree
Just a river
There's a people
Going nowhere
See me talking low range
I'm a Russian
I'm a man
My resistance is waning
Like a flower in the basement
Wait for our lonely death
Hi-ho, Kermit the Frog here informing you that today's broadcast of Orange Lounge Radio
is brought to you by the letter B, the letter A, and the number 59.
We are back and you are listening to Orange Lawns Radio episode number 106 and if you
are listening to the stream right now consider yourself lucky because of that little song
that we have we're going to play a little later for you guys.
This tonight's show got hoarded out on a lot of different sites and because of that we
have hit what is called the cap, the live 365 listening cap.
We're only allowed so many listeners and we never in our imaginations thought we would
ever hit that limit but we hit it tonight like before the show even started.
So if you're in, you got lucky, don't disconnect or somebody's going to snag your spot and
then you're going to have to be what's called a preferred member to get back in.
That's out of our control, guys.
Sorry.
You've done wonders for our egos.
Yes.
I feel great right now, actually.
I'm like, ha, ha, ha.
We've got a bunch of listeners on stream.
We're just a popular show.
And then I remember, oh yeah, we got that song.
We're kind of lucky.
So it's all right.
Well, if this is your first time listening to Orange Lawns Radio, which it might be for
some of you, welcome and welcome to the show.
We are a 3 hour talk program dedicated to Bamani and video gaming because you know what?
We sat around here for 3 hours and talked about nothing but DDR and 2DX.
We tried.
We have tried.
We have literally tried.
But if we sat here and we talked about DDR and 2DX for 3 hours straight, we would be
like the biggest dorks ever.
I mean we're pretty dorky to begin with to even have this show in the first place.
But to talk about nothing but DDR for like 3 hours?
Come on, you couldn't pay me enough.
There's other things out there.
You gotta go outside once in a while.
Get a job, get a girlfriend or girlfriend.
Remember, sunlight helps your body make vitamin D.
Exactly.
Which you need to play DDR.
Exactly.
Because without it you'll die.
But no, we do, when all is said and done, we make a lot of fun at DDR on this show.
We really do.
But we're poking fun at ourselves when we poke fun at DDR.
Because really we do have a lot of love for DDR.
I would never have met Jamie, I would never have met Loki if it wasn't for DDR, 2DX, and that stuff.
I would never have met anybody here if it wasn't for that.
And for that we're thankful.
thankful and so we kind of always say you know what it's kind of like what
happens when DDR gets taken outside the arcade that's what happens with this
show this is DDR outside of the arcade so this is just everybody sitting around
having a good time so you think I sum that up pretty good Jamie I think so yeah
all right why do you why do you do this show Jamie I ain't got nothing else to
do yeah good answer seriously it's because um cuz well it's just fun you
know we all get together it's like it's like family time you know because how
many people just get around and have quality time yeah and then I get my
little segment where I get to fuss and complain exactly we'll get to that later
and I enjoy everybody's company and you know what the fun doesn't stop just here
because we actually do live shows throughout the week including Jamie you
got your own show I have one called pump up the volume named after the movie
Because that movie was awesome and had Christians later. Mm-hmm
But anyway, it's just a music request show. I play whatever I was supposed to do an 80s marathon
Last week and I like sort of got bored with that and just played whatever Cena has nothing to do with DDR
But it's still cool
But every so often I will get a mad fit and just play nothing but Bimani just because I feel like it
But the show is on Tuesdays pre show starts at 7 the normal show is 730 to 1030
30 although as of late I've just been you know really bored and starting to
show a little bit earlier and extending it a little bit to 1230 range so just
tune in and listen as long as you can all right sounds good also on this
station Monday night tomorrow night seven o'clock diversion which is our
name for the orange lounge radio remix show and that's where we play all these
different Bahmani remixes fan-made ones like things that were picked up in
tournaments and stuff like that all the way to like remixes done so well their
professional quality and that would be like the diverse systems albums we play
that stuff on the show really good Bahmani remix stuff and you know we're
gonna be adding to the playlist this week because there was a new remix thing
that just came out but we'll talk about that later in the show definitely so
it's out later in the show meanwhile we have to start off tonight's show the way
we always start off the show because it's tradition and that's a little
We call. How was your week? How was your day? You want to say something real fast, Loki?
No.
He's looking antsy and he has a Happy Noodle Boy shirt, which is cool.
Why do you do this show, Loki?
Because I'm here.
I don't know why.
Because you sat on the floor for all of those months.
I could be getting in three hours of quality Final Fantasy XI time right now.
And look at this. Now who is sitting on the floor? Who are we forcing to sit on the floor?
The guy that works at Konami. We're making sit on the floor today.
sit there and pet Loki's cock. It's okay, he has company, he has my cock in his hand,
so that's alright. Would you put your cock on our webcam there? If you go to our webcam,
www.orangelandradio.com, it's right there on the front page. Loki's gonna show off his
cock to all you guys, so you know what we're talking about. Alright. Anyway. And then you
better put that thing away. Yeah, you should put that thing away before it scares somebody.
How was your week, how was your day? We're gonna start off with the lovely lady who always
starts it off, my co-host, Dark Sakura.
My week sucked ass.
Okay.
Well, my week was okay, except my alarm clock completely died, and I made it to work on
time Wednesday, but on Thursday, see, I was supposed to be at work at 7.30, okay, you
know what time I got out of bed?
Quarter after 8.
My ass was there at 9 o'clock, and you know what, I didn't get written out, so it's cool.
And I just worked an extra 30 minutes, and it was all good, so I got some extra sleep
that day, but I was still tired all day. I finished one of my fanfics today. I finally
completed it. It's on fanfiction.net, somewhere. What kind of fanfic? I write fanfiction. You
don't want to tell us what kind? I write G.I. Joe fanfiction. A real American hero. Yes.
That's right. I'm also working on other stories, though. I'm actually working on a novel, which
is sort of on hold, because guess what? I'm not going to have free time anymore. I got
my award letter from ARC, which made me all bouncy, and they still haven't freakin' put
my money on the stupid website, so I can't get my student loan yet, but, uh, this is
okay, because in a couple weeks I'm gonna have a laptop. That'll make it all better.
Now, ARC, that's the local college here in SAC where you're-
American River College. Yee-haw.
They actually have a DDR machine there at the, um, cafeteria.
I'm just- I'm gonna go reference-
Are you ever gonna touch that thing, you think?
I might, but I don't want to get cooties.
My plan was to go run track
on Monday and Wednesday, because my classes are Monday and Wednesday.
But I think after my Saturday class I might go play some DDR.
Anything else you want to say about your weekend today?
I had some angst.
I had a good bit of angst.
Very few times. We've done this, what, 106 weeks now? I think maybe two times you came in here not angsty about something.
Okay, this isn't angry angst, okay?
Okay, this is real angst.
This is, like, on the level of... it's of the same intensity as teenage high school drama angst. Which is pretty intense.
Is it my fault?
No.
Oh, that's good then.
If it was your fault, I'd tell you. I'd be like, nah, listen up, bitch.
Alright, good.
But that was, yeah. Oh, and yesterday, I hung out with Iguana Girl and Tia, and we turned her hair from nearly jet black to bright red.
Is this like a girls bonding kind of thing?
Girls bonding thing over low carb ice cream. And I did something stupid. Low carb ice cream is damn good. It's made with whole cream. I did something stupid. Look at this.
Hey, I like your hair, though. I like it like that.
I dyed my bangs blonde.
I wish you weren't camshies, you could show the other ones.
They had to bleach out Tia's hair to turn it red.
So I was like, hey, bleach my bangs, that'll be fun.
Except the bleach was running out of activation power.
So only one side took the bleach very well and the other one's a lot lighter.
I mean, it looks okay.
Except I forgot that since I had dyed my hair black before, the ends are still dark.
I guess I could get on the- this is the only time you're gonna get me on the cam, okay?
Okay, alright.
So...
I got it.
So...
Pass off the microphone to somebody.
Alright, well we'll go to somebody else while Jamie poses on cam with a hair.
Uh, Angel.
Angel, how was your week?
How was your day?
Uh, pretty good.
Um, I'm still kind of adapting to, uh, certain things, if you want to talk about that.
Cause, uh, nobody really knows.
I mean, they kind of know, but they don't.
if you want to
talk about that for a bit. I don't know. Do you?
Rob? Well sure, sure, go ahead.
I'm sorry, I was reading some other stuff going on.
Yeah. I'm having a laugh at some other stuff that I'm reading.
Hi Chat Room! Please type!
Okay, anyway.
Oh, yeah. That's all good. Anyway.
Alright, so about three weeks ago I
moved out
first time in my life, so I live here now. And that's still very strange for me to say,
but I assume I will get used to it as time goes on. So, I don't know, that's about it
I guess. I work here and duh. But it's cool. And I live with Magus. Everybody hide. Yeah,
the bad jokes go on and on and on and on.
And if you haven't listened to our show before, 23 Maggots is always full of bad jokes.
Has he added another sheet of toilet paper to his joke book?
He's added many sheets of toilet paper to his notebook.
I wish I could sneak into his room in the middle of the night, take a match, and sprint it.
But that would be bad, because then I wouldn't have a place to live.
So yeah, I'll just leave it in the bathroom so his brother can mangle it or something.
Anyway, okay, I guess I'm done.
Alright, let's go over to somebody else
brand new to the show, never been here before. How are you doing, Andrew?
I'm very tired, how are you doing? How was your week, how was your day? Very busy,
this week was my last day working full-time at my job teaching kids. I'm
very excited that I don't have to do that anymore, because that was getting very stressful.
But beyond that, just doing usual stuff,
like especially avoiding jail bait. I seem to have like this 16-year-old
fan club which doesn't do me any good. You know, I've heard a lot of DDR guys have this
problem. Hey man, I don't know what it is. I had the same problem when I worked at Roundtable.
For some reason, the fact that I was in a shift manager position, meaning I could provide
free pizza. Yeah, there you go. Get a lot of fangirls that way. Yes. In fact, one day
would like spread rumors because my mom worked as like a yard duty at the junior high. And
So I'd hear rumors saying, this is a girl saying that you guys are like dating.
And I'm like, what?
That was funny.
Wow, yeah, it's unusual.
But I don't know what it is, if it's the DDR or what, or if that I look like four
years younger than I really am.
Because most people think I look like 16, I'm almost 21.
You do look kind of young.
They can probably see you on camera now.
Also, they want you to speak up.
OK, sorry.
Right there, got it.
You have to scream like I do.
Got it?
OK.
gotcha
all right so anything else you want to share besides the underage girls
know that that's pretty much all that goes on now
all right is
all right so uh... i guess we'll come over here then and talk to our uh...
other guests
uh... c squared
as he's now known what
why the name change again you had to go into the media
everybody knew who you were before you know not everybody not everybody
Nobody cared before you had the flashing foot. You were a nobody.
I was a nobody.
Now I changed it because I figured that would be the best course of action.
Apparently it doesn't matter, so you know, I made that name for no good reason.
Oh well.
So, what are we doing again right now? How was your week? How was your day?
Okay, my week? I worked.
That's pretty much it. That's all I do.
every week
uh...
then yesterday
uh... i went out to dave and busters
uh... which is really cool because it was my first time
so all those people on the airfreak
you guys uh...
that's probably why
you didn't get anything from any of the vivid members last night because we were
all at dave and busters getting drunk so
yeah uh...
so i had a good time uh... played some games
played that other dancing game
uh... you mean uh...
i mean pump it up
that's right
don't don't discriminate against the other games it's cool you can do the
pump jump
uh... they pull over and uh... do it
whatever it goes
awesome
uh...
me and i worked
the end
and uh... a obviously got my uh... vivid status on the air freak which
i swear you guys friday
me in Float Walk. If you don't know who Float Walk is, I'm not gonna tell you. We had, like,
a laugh a minute, and you guys are seriously creeping us out with the DNL Photoshop pictures.
It was like looking at a Fark.com Photoshop contest, honestly. It was hilarious. Just,
it was creepy. That's really all I can say to that. But, you know, if you happen to want
to do it again? It was funny. So, yeah. That was my week, and today I came to Sacramento
in the end. All right. Well, we'll be asking you more questions, certainly, about your
work this week. Oh, yeah. You guys might want to pay attention, because who knows if I give
hints or not. We don't know. I want to talk about hints with you in a little while. I
I have big questions to ask you about H.I.N.C.E.
Anyway, um, Loki, how was your week, how was your day, since, you know, I know everybody
out there on DDRFreak really cares how your week and your day was.
Ask, screw them.
What?
No, I'm looking, I'm looking right now.
They all, they're all like, man, we are such big fan- you know what?
Just don't bother playing the song tonight.
Just don't, you can save that till next week.
I want to know about you guys' week and your day, especially you, Loki.
Especially me?
What the hell?
You make it look like I had an interesting week.
Okay, so this week what I was doing, I was, I, yes, I did, but that's not the point. I
did that towards the end of the week. The beginning of the week was even better, okay?
Basically what happened was that, no. It's too slow to play Final Fantasy, and I don't
want to have to buy another copy of it. For what would I do then? Anyways, um, so I was
really bored at work, like usual, um, so I browse websites. You know, when I can't browse
Bemani websites, because I read them too fast, and no one posts fast enough for me to read
everything, I browse other things. And this week, it was the Shadowlands.net. And what
the Shadowlands.net is, is a big paranormal website, about all, like, hauntings and shit.
So, I got on this, like, paranormal kick for, like, this whole week, and basically just
figuring all this stuff out. And so now, for some reason, I'm going to bid on a supposedly haunted-possessed doll that's fucked-up looking, and I'm gonna buy that.
Those things are cool.
No, it's supposedly a really fucked-up, real, not-not the pictures I posted, like, a real doll that is supposedly haunted. Like, and they have photographic proof and shit.
Anyways, so I'm gonna buy that and put it at my desk at work to creep out my co-worker.
And that's the whole point.
That's beautiful.
I thought that'd be, that'd be great.
So I might do that.
I don't know, depends on how expensive it is, cause I have to also fix my cabinet, cause
I found it earlier this week, cause the way I have it set up, there's like some conflicts
with some of the controller things I have on there, so I need to buy a new keyboard
encoder to get the main cabinet working.
But I've been playing lots of games, more porno games again and Kicking Ass and Gals Panic and all that stuff because it's fun.
And, um, oh what else? Oh, I don't know, um, I actually had a pretty interesting weekend, um, on Friday night I went to a bar and, um, hung out there with co-workers that I don't like.
And there was a girl that supposedly asked me to dance but it was so loud in there I couldn't understand a word she was saying.
I heard this, ehhhh, outside! I'm like, huh? And then she kind of walked off really pissed.
And I don't know what the hell happened, and my friend standing next to me was like, actually
that was a good dance. I'm like, oh. So that was fun. And so we did that, and they had
a giant hippo head with a bagpipe in his mouth, so I thought that was kind of neat. And last
night we went and saw some comedians. There was a guy that looked like Mr. Bean, and another
It looked like Ray Romano. That was pretty cool. Then there was this Mexican guy headlining. And, because the guy was really cool, I bought his CD, so I'm gonna give you a copy, Jamie, so you can play it on your show.
Awesome.
It's a 25-minute set of his. I can't remember the guy's name for the life of me. But, um, I think he was on Comedy Central. I could've sworn I remembered his stand-up bit on, uh...
It's funny comedy, you know? Play it.
But, yeah, he was, like, there's these people that are drunk really, like, next to us and stuff, and he was just ripped into them all night. It was great.
So, that's what I did last night, and then, you know, Final Fantasy XI in the middle there, so.
Uh, dang.
Yeah. And then, of course, there's other things I did, but we're gonna get into that later.
More, uh, stuff I downloaded and whatnot.
I, uh, my week and my day was, uh, pretty decent. This was the first week back from the East Coast.
Uh, so, I was just kinda trying to catch up on everything.
And, you know, last night I was at Dave & Buster's with Seagurd and some of the other folks there, and I went to go play Pump It Up because they don't have any other Bomani there.
Although somebody told me they have the I Can Dance game there, the Itoy game. I'm sorry, I Can Boogie, which is the, it's basically Itoy Groove in the arcades. I could not find it.
I should have, I didn't realize it was there and I should have thought to ask Mel or somebody who goes there all the time, but...
Don't worry, you didn't miss anything. It sucks ass. Oh my god, it sucks ass.
Well, it's alright. So fine. I didn't get to play it.
So, instead I decided to play it and I realized
I decided to play Bump It Up and then I realized that I haven't really played DDR
seriously in about three months or so. So, I haven't really gotten any
more stamina than I had before. And of course Shane gets up on there and wants to play
like 9-footers. What the hell was that song you made us do last that killed me?
was clap your hands on crazy, and you know, we were just worn out so we didn't pass it.
I seriously thought I was gonna die. I had to go out in the parking lot and go hoo, hoo,
hoo. Like, it was horrible. So I ended up missing like an hour of some good gaming.
Some good feeding quarters into the giant crane machine because I was gonna die.
I actually, I experienced the same thing you felt, except I'm really out of shape because
I haven't played DDR in months, lots of months, and I went and played seven footers on doubles
and I was out of breath, like heart attack out of breath, and that's really sad. But
I'm working on the cabinet, it's gonna be done, DDR will be able to be played, and I
will get back into shape again.
How is that cabinet coming along? You built, now for those that haven't been listening
to the show for, well I mean that's a lot of you guys tonight, I frankly know, you've
You've been building your own home cabinet, which is like your dream machine.
Tell us a little bit more about this cabinet you've been building.
Well this thing's basically an all-in-one Bomani cabinet and arcade cabinet.
Right now, the first part of it's done, which is the MAME part of it, so I have a four-player
kind of control panel with two of the players having six buttons, three and four having
just four buttons.
And it's basically just set up for MAME right now.
Later on, though, I'm working on a setup for DDR, Dance Maniacs, 2DX, and Poppy Music, all, um, you know, can be built.
And I actually have most of the stuff designed and, um, all the supplies to do it. I just have to get around to actually doing it.
Um, so that's, you know, what I'm basically working on right now.
So be, you know, pretty much the whole arcade at my house just because our arcade kind of sucks as far as putting, you know, working together machines there and keeping their games away from the little kiddies.
So, I was forced to do this by them. I was forced to spend $3,000 to fix up a nice cabinet so I have working games because I like playing arcade games and I refuse to go to an arcade that has broken games.
I think that they should put all the Golf Land children in a pen and put like spider stomp in it
And just leave them there. We'll actually stomp on the children. Oh
That would be awesome
Like a giant troubled board game instead of having dice in the middle have children in the pop-o-matic bubble
That would be wonderful bang it and they go pop. I wish they had
How many seconds they scream is how long you can move? Oh?
Oh my god, it's kiddomatic trouble in giant size, Eep.
Or how about a giant catapult with piano wire above them?
Ooh!
But no, if you kill them, you have to get more children, and that means that people
have to breed.
They're going to breed anyways.
Because they're stupid.
I still think that they should make standardized testing for breeding.
Not only are they going to breed, they're breeding at younger and younger ages these
days.
gonna be like a a baby that has a baby just wait a ten-year-old had a baby
disgusting I mean it was a bad situation that produced it but still I know man
they're like getting blow jobs and shit in junior high I want to know where the
hell was this shit when I was in junior high fucking a I've been like you know
I'm a little young for a blow job I'm fucked that I'd be like shit man get
over here you know but that shit was never there when I was in junior high
that pisses me off. Fucking kids have it so lucky nowadays. She didn't live in Alabama.
I don't care what they say about the tradition, you know, the whole Christian look of this,
uh-uh, no. Depends on where you live. People are doing it early. You see, now if I lived
in Vacaville, at least there'd be plenty of sheep and stuff, but, you know, I don't have
that kind of convenience here in, you know, Folsom and stuff around the area. Do you love
I just wanted to say about the whole little kids having kids.
My middle school, we had a couple kids there have children, and that's back in Kansas,
so you know there's nothing to do there.
Let's hear it for family values.
Different strokes or different folks?
All right.
Some are stroking it.
And if more people stroked it, we wouldn't have a baby outbreak anyway.
Yeah, exactly.
This is why, this is why for the whole anti, you know, like what is it that they're doing
in, was it in Texas I think?
The whole abstinence, teaching abstinence instead of safe, you know, forms of intercourse.
Instead they should just teach the joy of masturbation.
Why go out when you can get it at home?
On that note, I think we're going to go ahead and take a break, and when we come back from
this break I definitely yeah and I think it's hilarious because a lot of people
that are listening to show right now are like why don't you guys play the song at
630 hey nobody said we were gonna play the song at 630 we said we're gonna play
it during the show which runs between 630 and 930 and if that happens to be at
929 you all just have to deal but maybe we'll do 928 we'll see all right no
we'll get it in eventually here when we feel like it when Jamie says it's time
lord knows what that'll be all right all right but actually no we do have some
fun stuff coming up for you we'll get back I guess we can talk about DDR
because huh I will I will play it we're gonna do some Akira this break actually
for those you know what all right since everybody's been like relatively good
even though there has been some shit talking on the forums out there that
makes me a little bit angry. I guess we can do, like, another little tease here. How about
a tease? Do you guys want another little tease?
Go tease it, Rob.
I'm gonna tease it right now, you guys. Here it is.
Oh, that's it. That's it. That was a tease. All right. All right. So, now that that tease
has been done, let's go to a break. When we come back, I think we'll actually talk about
some DDR6.
Make it big.
I want to talk about how Seagurd's internet penis just grew enormous this week. Enormous.
and people want us to talk it's so we're going to talk to him
or lack thereof when we come back
from this break
and uh... i will also be giving heads as well
but you don't even work for coming in you've never played i think if that's
because i have insider info you
breaking more on that every and that anyone else can get but you're just you
fucking stupid to realize that we told you like
four fucking months ago or even before that what the hell do you think that
That's alright. I'm gonna tell you that I told you so, and you can just kiss my ass again.
You can blow me, just like you blew me before when it came down to, you know, fucking saying,
Oh, Sakura's not gonna be in DDR Extreme. Fuck you! Okay? That's what I have to say about that.
Someone's full of the anger tonight.
That Loki guy screams into the microphone too much. He screams. He screams into the microphone.
He's scary.
Why doesn't somebody give him a drug?
Why can't he just shut up and play the song?
Just shut up.
Give us a hint.
Give us a hint.
I have a hint for you.
It's called Bite My Ass.
Now be nice.
We want the listeners to come back when they realize that we're not that bad.
No, we're not that bad.
We're really not.
We're just messing with you guys tonight.
Seriously.
Seriously, though, just listen.
Just stay patient.
Patience is a virtue.
Be virtuous.
I know it's hard, but you can wait.
Okay.
Okay.
to us. I know it's hard, but you can wait. Ok. Alright, we'll be back after some Akira.
and
and
and
the
the
the
the
feldy
yum
yum
yum
yum
yum
yum
yum
yum
yum
yum
nado ran migeja
yum
kazuremato
Ooh ooh, yeah ooh ooh, ooh Ooh ooh, yeah ooh ooh, ooh
Hi, this is Mel B of RTF, and for an extra $1.99 a minute, I'm going to show you how
My girlfriend, Melody, can join us on all the fun together.
Hey, if you're a broke-ass like I am, why don't you come to the one place that costs absolutely nothing to go to and still the fun is just as great.
It's Orange Lounge Radio, Sunday nights.
Kick it with me and you just might realize the best things in life are free.
Hello, we are back with Orange Lounge Radio. That's our buddy, Mel B.
I think he's listening tonight.
He's hanging out in our chat room tonight.
Hello. Hi, Mel, if you're listening.
Hi, Mel.
And Melody, too, is on their house.
Hi, Melody.
And I spent some time with Melody last night.
Not in that way, but I spent some quality bonding time with Melody, because she's my girl.
So, it was good to see her.
And I'm hoping to see her again in a couple weeks, because I want to go over to San Jose for the Classic Gaming Expo.
You know what, I'm still skipping class for that. You need to, you need to come with me.
Well, Dan's going.
Oh, well hell, we all need to go. So Dan and I are going to have ourselves a hotel. You know Konami is having a showing
there at Classic Gaming Expo?
I wonder if there will be some twinbee for me to play.
I hear that Konami is going to make a showing.
But I can't say what's going on. I don't think so. But I'm very glad that it's in San Jose this year instead of in Vegas because that would have been pricey.
Yeah, at least it's drivable here. The only good thing about it being in Vegas is that I would have been able to have seen
Maranjan.
I'm making plans at another time
if someone has two hundred and fifty dollars to lend me.
That's a hint!
No, it's not.
Maybe worth money! That's a hint!
Be careful with the way you use the word hint on tonight's show, because people are gonna run with it.
Oh, you don't think I said that on purpose?
I'm teasing them.
Just so you guys know, if myself, Loki, or Dark Sakura say something as a hint, we're pretty much talking out our ass because there's this little thing called NDA, called the non-disclosure agreement,
which means that even though our buddy works at Konami, he can't tell us what's going on, or they will fire his ass, and we don't want that to happen to him.
No, we don't want that to happen.
When I can disclose anything I want because they can fire me all they want, I don't work for them.
No.
I will disclose it all. Everything. Everything.
But, no, it's surprising, um, is, you know, this information's been out forever, and just people just... they're really... I can't say anything.
What we can talk about, I can't mention this, is that a few months ago, and you can go back
in the Orange Lounge Radio story archives, and you can look at, we had a story that talked
about how some folks were hacking the disc for DDR. What disc were they hacking back
at that point?
It was Party Collection, and there's a master list. Okay, here's how it works. When they're
making the games, there's a master list of all the songs that have been in all the games,
and they're going to be in all the game, well basically whatever they're working on up to that point. It's just a master list. Think of it like if you're familiar with MAME, there's a master ROM list. Okay, well this is a master song list. So it's going to contain everything from the arcade versions, the home versions, and home versions that they're working on at the moment.
So, here's the thing right now. As I said before, you know, there are some songs in there that they, you know, they're all, oh, those are, you know, don't believe that. Because, you know, back in the day when DDR Max was first coming out, and remember there was that Orion Civilization supposedly remix of that, but it was just under a different name.
Well, everyone's like, oh, those lists are wrong. And then they're saying, oh, well, Nemesis is supposed to be in Max 2 or something like that, or the DDR Extreme, and that never happened. Well, guess what? Remember the sound packs and the Nemesis was there? That's because when Konami's working on songs, they don't necessarily throw it into the very next mix that comes out.
that comes out so this you know list that was in a party collection guess
what there's gonna be some of those songs in the next mix and guess what I
told you fuckers that before and no everyone is wrong max period that's a
dumb name for a song but guess what read that it's a dumb name okay it's a dumb
name for a song that's so fucking wrong and then there was you know I mean all
in its piece of shit glory. This is where we point and laugh. No, but there are songs,
I mean a lot of songs actually, that are in there that are going to be in, you know, extremes.
So, I told you so. I'm actually trying to find that list from when we posted it, trying
to post, we were posting that list and then I distinctly remember that Diving was in that
list and it has been confirmed that Diving is going to be in DDR Extreme, that's no secret,
Four Strings Diving, because I remember we were talking about that list on an earlier
show and I saw Diving and I said, oh, that's another song on that Four Strings album, so
Diving must be in there.
Come to think of it, that was also in the pre-show, it was on the CD.
Yeah, there you go.
Alright, okay, so I'm going to dig through the archives a little more and we'll go through
that list again and we'll see, you know, maybe there's some song titles in there, but you
know what?
Is Konami capable of throwing red herrings our way?
You bet.
songs that are supposed to be in DDR that don't make it into DDR in the
final cut absolutely yes there are and there are songs that get you know
canceled like for example DDR ultra mix the Humpty dance okay I would have dug
it if the Humpty dance was in DDR been awesome all right but how would you make
steps for that and get it to look right we'll come back we'll come back to this
subject a little later but I wanted I wanted to keep things moving I actually
wanted to talk to Andrew sitting there he's sitting there in the corner and
he's never been here before so are you enjoying things so far oh yeah yeah
good like everybody wants to talk to me you came on a good night yeah everybody
heard you were gonna be here and now our caps are breaking and everything that's
what I heard and I'm really happy that I can contribute like this to your show no
problem you should cut you should come here more often I should appreciate it
in all seriousness for those who don't know you you're the guy and the reason
why I wanted you to be on the show is because you dress up like a pirate when
play DDR?
Yes.
Why?
Why?
Well, at first it started because I'm just a massive attention whore, and I mean honestly,
but I don't know, I mean I got there and I just started playing and some people would
watch, but I was never a freestyler because I'm too white for that shit, so basically
I just was like, I just stopped off at some party store after work one night, bought a
a cheap pirate costume, went into Golfland, and I noticed I turn around and there's like
40 or 50 people. There's like 40 or 50 people watching me, so I'm just like, okay, I'll
keep this up. So I just kind of whore it around in my signature now. I'm a toady 007 on a
Game Facts DDR Freak. Get a hold of me on the NorCal forums. So it's mainly an attention
thing. I haven't done it recently, but uh... Where did you get the idea? Have you just
always had a long-standing love for pirates, or was it an inside joke that got out of control?
It was an inside joke with some colleagues at work. This was before Pirates of the Caribbean
and all that came out. I was going to say, does this have anything to do with Johnny
Depp? No, it doesn't. I don't have a Johnny Depp fetish, or like most people. No, it was
just an inside joke with some people at work. I have a friend that owns a production company
called Shiver Me Timbers Productions, and it kind of went off from there, but, uh...
Shiver Me Timbers!
Yeah, I brought that thing into work the other day. My boss apparently lets me dress up like
a pirate for work, so I thought that was kind of cool.
Now, we all know the Roseville Golf Land, when you go to play DDR there, there's something
that we call the hecklers, or the assholes.
Oh yeah, oh yeah.
There's always people there that make fun of you when you're playing DDR.
Yeah.
FAG! You look like a FAG when you play that game! You're a FAG! Oh, wait, you're a chick.
You're a FAG!
Yeah, I get that anyway even when I'm not playing DDR, but you know, those people, they can kiss my ass, I don't care.
Okay, but how bad is that? I mean, what's the worst you've heard? Dressed up, not only playing DDR, but being a pirate playing DDR. What are some of the things you've heard?
Ironically, I don't think I've gotten any shit for the pirate thing.
Really?
If anything, I get shit when I bar rape. I thought you guys were gonna queue up like a boo sound effect when I say that.
No.
on the show. No. No, the pirate thing, most people just kind of go up and go like, what
in the hell is that guy doing? Because I mean, you can see the little strings on the beard,
you know, it looks totally fake. You know, but I don't really get anything, it just confuses
the hell out of most people, so they think it's kind of funny. And it really ticks off
all the good freestylers because nobody pays attention to them. Wait, we have good freestylers
in this town? No, I'm just kidding. Oh, okay. That's totally a joke. Wait a minute, wait
Oh yeah, yeah. There's no way I'm serious there.
Are you going to take the pirate to any DDR tournaments in the future?
I will try. I've only been to like two so far, and I got
owned at one of them, and I won the other one. But yeah, I will try.
I talked to some friends before a recent one in Sacramento that you were unable to
go to, but I wish you'd shown up. I know, it was the one that was on my birthday.
Yeah, yeah. That's no excuse. That's no excuse. But next one,
next one I'm thinking about it all right all right sounds good I'll think about
it there's supposed to be a big one in Milpitas Friday I don't know it's like
an improv tournament I want to say yeah I have a wedding on that day I have my I
have my alter ego I wanted to take out for that oh okay okay but I don't think
I'm gonna be able to do it which is too bad thing yeah is it do you know if it's
in the afternoon or at night yeah it's like a night it's a Friday night which
kind of sucks for you if you're out of town I don't get those Friday night
things but sometimes you just you have to do a tournament when you can do it
If it's a Friday night, I might be able to do it. I'm not going to enter, but it'll be all good.
Okay, so anything else you wanted to share about...
Is there anything you want to plug while you're here?
When guests come on talk shows, they plug things. Is there anything you want to plug?
You said you had a production company?
No, my friend.
You did a DDR video recently, didn't you?
Yeah, I was in a DDR video. I hoard that onto my live journal.
I guess I'm just the cam whore I guess I don't know if you want to give out that
link on your live journal but
but I want my user name on it you only give it out in the chat room the go
go to the video I'll give out a video link in China I look like shit in the
video but still
you know I don't I don't care the more people that know my name the bigger my
ego get so
right on it's all good right on so I'm Andrew by the way
a hat if you want to I join our chat room just head on over to www.orange
on radio.com you can check out the camera while you're there
and then on you just click on chat are and for
if you have a friend who's trying to get into the station to listen to us because
we have such a great show and it has nothing to do with the urate
your rain song with a very great your your friends when you hear andrew talk
some more
on we are gonna play that song again at 940
so I'm in and rule talk some more maybe then to so
oh my god we have more than one and you know everyone I'd
I know I know it's it's horrible alright I'm
Oh, I found the link here. It looks like it's shivermetimbersproductions.com.
Yeah, my friend John, who was a colleague of mine at work, he produced that video.
I owe him a lot of lunches for that. So, go ahead and check his site out.
Alright.
Okay, so...
View his bandwidth. I don't want him to have any bandwidth by the end of the week.
Yeah, everybody download that. In fact, open it in multiple windows.
Yes.
Alright.
Yeah.
Okay, let's go back. I want to go back to that master list. I haven't had the chocolate cake.
Jamie's been handing out chocolate cake things to everybody, and I haven't had a chance to eat it yet.
Because I've been talking.
This stuff I think I posted was just the license tracks that I recognized.
This is a story that was posted on May 7th on our website.
And you can go back into our archives and have a look.
And these were the songs that were on the master song list that we speculated could be in DDR Extreme.
extremes. This is nothing new and certainly Shane is not going to confirm or deny anything
and break his NDA, but. Actually, you know, if you look at it, since it is licensed stuff,
you guys already know what it is. So, yeah, hey, the ones that you see that you've already,
that you know are in the game, they are totally in the game. Alright, the ones that are in
the game, they are definitely in the game. So we have on there, simply being loved, which
we know is in the game, diving, we know that's in the game, right on time. I don't think
we ever figured out what that one was did we don't know about that one come
into my world which makes me think of the Kylie Minogue song Euro mix I think
from okay okay enjoy the silence I don't know hmm go west okay we knew the pet
shot that got announced the pet shop boys yes locomotion another Kylie song
there we go unless it's the original which possibly one more time I think
about the Daft Punk song possibly but we haven't we don't know we don't know if
it's in DDR now we don't know we're just going off what was on that master
list planet rock that did turn up in extreme we do know that the boys of
summer DJ Sammy song we had heaven and max 2 we thought we'd get an extreme
because it was on this list but I haven't heard about it yet
Humpty dance they're saying was possibly something that was coming over from
Xbox don't know and Mickey so we don't know don't know but but what we do know
is that in our chat room it was said by one of our folk I think was Mel B over
DDR spot did say hey guess what guys if you're trying to find the list to
Ultramix 2 which has I think he said 46 I'm sorry I'm gonna look for what he
said where is it I don't know what he said it was something like 46 more songs
that have not been in DDR before is it 56 okay 56 56 more songs have not been
in DDR before, and none of them are on that master list, so don't even bother looking,
because they're not on there, so forget it.
Nice.
Of course he could be just throwing us off.
Is that a hint?
Is that a hint?
That's true.
Are you guys dropping a hint?
Is that a hint?
It sounds like a hint to me.
Is that 56 mean something?
If you flip the 6 upside down, it's a 9.
Maybe it's a Japanese character.
Well, here's the thing.
Here's the thing about that.
There's been a big, huge span between when Party Collection came out and when these new
new mixes are coming out. So obviously, you know, there's gonna be a lot of stuff that's
not on there. And I mean, there's a lot of stuff, you know, that would be on there. This
is just stuff that they were developing a while back. So there's a lot of be- a lot
of work being done right now on it, so. It's not surprising that there's not a lot on there,
but. There's some other ones that were not licensed songs that were on the master list
that I've heard that might be in there. So, um, I'm not saying anything, but, uh, there
There was stuff that we knew about a long time ago, and I think I even quoted on the
show scene what the songs were a long time ago, but, you know, I can't see now because
my balls are tied, so, you know, I just, I cannot say anything.
But that's it.
Alright.
I feel like doing another tease, what do you guys think?
Let's do another tease.
Let's tease them again.
Let's do it.
We're gonna do it soon, you guys. We have to make this last, alright?
We only get to have fun like this, what, once every 106 shows?
You guys won't listen to us otherwise, so we have to tease it now.
And you know, after he plays,
I'll probably get to have this little one-on-one chat with him,
so if you guys are just sticking around for the Urine remix,
you might miss out on some other stuff.
I want to chat with you first. I want to get that stuff over with because I have to get something out there.
Man, I've got to set some people straight.
Then forget what I said. You guys can leave right after that song plays.
Or no you can't.
Alright, hold on. Let's tease.
Okay, that's enough.
That was pretty sexy. I like that.
That was very sexy.
It sounded like you touched my something. Yeah.
Oh yeah, I think she said boob. I think she said boob. How many DDR's are going to love that? You touch my boob.
For everyone that enjoyed our pre-show, we had porn on the webcam, but no one seemed- I don't know if anyone paid attention to that.
I knew I should have got here earlier.
Alright, we will get to it soon, but first, I want to talk to our buddy Seagert.
Do you want to go to commercial first? Alright, Sigurd wants to go to commercial first so we can...
You're gonna... You're pissing off the chat room.
Tough.
Alright. When we get back, we're gonna talk to Sigurd. We're also gonna do some Bamani match game tonight.
And then, maybe we'll do the song, but maybe we'll have a cage match before that. I don't know. We'll see. We'll see.
It depends what time we're at. We'll have a look. I don't know. God, some people are gonna kick our ass if we don't do it soon.
that's right you waited how long you wait a few more minutes for us guys come
on it's for us yeah come on come on guys your pal sky be good sports there will
be a song holy a song in in in DDR extreme that will have mix in the title
that was an awesome hint all right let's go to um what I think was probably most
people's favorite a kiriyamoka song previously like a lot of people it's kind
of stereotypical favor to kiriyamoka song I don't know tonight guys I might
change for you guys tonight we'll see but from night style let's take this
break lion ski enjoy all right
I'm not going to lose you
You're almost not gonna live or die
I cannot lie, I'm a killer
I am a sick and gay girl
I cannot lie, I'm a killer
I am a sick and gay girl
I'm not going to lose you
I can't, I can't, I can't, I can't
Oh
And now, let's listen in to an Orange Lounge Radio staff meeting as they debate some of
the new programming coming to orange lounge radio
uh... jamie i have a suggestion about some of the music in arab amani music
and more program can we talk about that no subject will ever be taboo
well i was thinking maybe we should move pump up the volume from tuesday night
except of course the subject that was just under discussion
okay well
what would you think if maybe we cut back on some of the tack music we play on the
station
i collect your fucking head
Just like this fucker here.
Oh my god, why did you do that to Loki?
The holic thing on episode 69 was just a joke!
Now if any of you sons of bitches
got ANYTHING ELSE TO SAY,
NOW'S THE FUCKING TIME!
Orange Lounge Radio, where everybody has a say.
Welcome back, Orange Lounge Radio.
and you know I have to say I'm I'm if you haven't figured it out I'm I'm kind
of reading the DDR freak threat on extreme during the show and about the
last four pages have been people talking about this show and it's really starting
to piss some of you your moderators off but it's okay you're contributing to the
problem yeah you're contributing but no it's it's all good you guys it's all in
good fun long good fun but yeah guys we do have our own chat room and it's over
So please, you know, you guys can talk on that thread after the show, but some of the
moderators over there aren't exactly happy cappers right now because you guys have hijacked
the thread, so please steer things back on course.
We do have forums of our own, nobody posts there, but hey, you know, you could be a trend
setter.
Yes. No, maybe later. All right. Moving on. Let's see. I said I wanted to talk to Seagurd,
so let's talk to Seagurd. Yes, Logan. You said moving on. That was another song in DDR.
Could it be? Again, I don't know shit about what is going to be in Extreme or Ultramix
or anything down the line. Even if I did know, I don't know as far as you're concerned, okay?
That's it, alright? Alright. Moving on. Again. Uh, Secret, how are you? I'm doing pretty
good. Alright, so, no secret now, you're a vivid member on The Freak. That I am. So that
must mean I work for Konami. And what exactly do you do at Konami? I go to work for Konami.
That's what I do.
Are you allowed to talk about what you do there?
You know what?
I have no clue, and since I have no clue, I'm gonna say I work for Konami.
Okay, alright, fine.
Fair enough.
Alright.
But, um...
Well, you make a lot of money, right?
So you must be doing...
No, I'm kidding.
I wish I made a lot of money.
Alright, so fine.
We can talk about what you do, but you do have to come in contact with DDR Games at
some point through your job.
That's why I have the vivid membership.
Alright, alright, fine.
No, okay, let's talk about life before Konami then.
Okay.
Are you getting a backstory?
Yeah, but you've been on the show before, but nobody was listening then, but now people
care tonight.
Nobody cared then.
People seem to care tonight, suddenly, about this show for some reason.
I can't, for the life of me, imagine why.
I don't know why.
What exactly were you doing before Konami?
I worked for E.V. Games back in Kansas.
That's right.
I'm from the Midwest, so yeah, I worked there, and then I came out here.
The end, I guess.
What possessed you to come out here?
I had been wanting to move out here for a while, like, I'm originally way long time
ago from here, but, um, yeah, I moved to Kansas, then I decided, hey, Kansas kind of sucks.
Because it really does.
Um, so I moved out here.
Alright, fair enough.
Yeah.
And how, now, I don't know how much you can or can't say about this, but how did you get
the job at Konami?
Because a lot of people want to know this, like, oh, I want to work in a video game,
I want to play video games all day.
How do you get, and I'm sure that's exactly how you would describe some of the jobs there,
right?
Yeah, sure, right.
How exactly did you get the job at Konami?
I applied.
And who did you have to blow?
Pretty much everybody.
No, seriously, how did you manage to get it?
I applied.
You know, it's not like Konami is a huge secretive company.
go to their website and you know what, sometimes they have job offers and sometimes they don't.
If you look, you might be able to catch one of them when they do. So, uh, that's pretty
much how it works.
Alright, so you went to a company and you applied and, and, and who knew it? They hired
you.
Exactly. What were they thinking?
They obviously don't know me.
Now, since you do come in contact with some DDR games, you guys like to have a little
fun on some of the big message boards. Of course, the biggest one that comes to mind,
the free, right?
The free, yeah.
posted lately in the thread, and what do you hope to gain from posting in this thread?
I hope to gain just pretty much some laughter, because that's what I've been getting.
And I think what it's really doing is creating a lot of hype for the game.
And if you had been on the DDR Freak boards, gosh, maybe before Friday, because that's
when we all started coming into contact with the boards.
It was really not a very happy place, but you know what?
I think everybody's starting to realize, you know, this is DDR.
This is why we're here, and we're going to enjoy it.
So, I mean, people seem to be having fun again instead of just complaining.
Yeah, that's good.
Yeah, I noticed people were having fun with it.
Especially all the photoshops.
Oh my God, the photoshops.
You were just in the bathroom.
I'm sorry.
Look at this.
Look at this.
Dark Sakura kicks our guest from Konami out of the chair so she can sit down, it's beautiful.
Alright.
She's motioning for Seeker to come sit down. I think you should go sit on her lap.
Yeah, I would, but you might punch me.
Seeker's afraid of being punched by Dark Sakura. Come on, Dark Sakura loves you.
Dark Sakura, tell him you love him.
Like a hole in the head.
Alright.
I love you.
So back to the thread.
One thing first.
Okay, now if you've been following DDRFreakThread, which I'm sure you have,
you know, DNL has all these fanboys.
Where's my fanboys? I want fanboys.
I don't want fangirls, I want fanboys.
Oh, I see.
So, come on, step it up.
You and I have something in common, I see.
Alright.
And if you've listened to this show for the past 105 episodes, you know what I'm talking about.
you that are just listening tonight, I don't feel like telling it again. So, you'll just
have to be in the dark. So, yeah, anyway, well, DDR Freakboards, what were you talking
about? Yeah, DDR Freakboards. This thing, it happens every time there's a new mix. Every
time there's a new mix. The first mix, Conomics, all the way back there to DDR Max, Max 2,
there's this thing called Hints. And we all know that a while back, Jason Enos, like back
during comic stage, used to come on the thread and drop hints about what was going on, and
and then, you know, some other folks picked up the slack for some of the later games.
Yeah, Dantrex, Cryptic...
Some folks you guys don't even know, right?
Exactly.
Even you work there and you don't know who they are.
Exactly.
Exactly.
So...
Because if we knew who they were, they'd probably have a Vivid foot next to their name.
So now it comes to the point where you post, as a Vivid member, not just any Vivid member,
but one that works for Konami, you post anything and somebody assumes it's a hint.
Yes.
It is a...
It has to be a hint.
You must be talking about a new song.
Exactly.
is what you want to do more than anything is spoiled your NDA and...
Yes, I really want to get fired. I mean, these people...
I'm glad they're picking up on that. Alright, so
how many hints have you posted in the DDR Freak thread thus far?
DDR Freak listeners, we
as a collective group have posted exactly
zero hints. Zero hints! But, but,
maybe that was a hint. No, no, seriously.
No. Oh, 01 was in seventh style. He was the, oh my gosh, oh my gosh you guys, 01's in it.
But, yeah, I mean, I posted this earlier on the thread, you know.
But it was ignored.
Of course. I don't know why. I have a flashy foot by my name. Listen to me.
So wait, but I seem to recall that one of the other folks over there posted a picture, and it had, like, a party collection bucket.
Yeah, yeah.
And, like, a Max 2 thing. It had, like, extreme samplers there.
And, oh, would you hold up the extreme sampler for the camera? Can you do that?
Somebody else can, or I guess I can.
Yeah, we'll have, we'll have to see. I'll do it during the break.
Yeah, we'll do it during the break.
We'll do it during the break.
Because it's like way over by the camera, and I don't feel like going by the camera.
Well you can hold that.
Yeah, hold that, that's the same size.
That's not it, that's something else.
It's close enough.
All right.
Um, but yeah, that picture.
Is that a porno you're holding up, or what?
A Fahrenheit 9-11.
No, that picture, you know, with the party collection bucket and all that, it was the
picture with the party collection bucket and whatever else.
I said it has nothing to do with anything.
It's the v-rare.
So, wait a minute.
So that picture with the party collection and the tip jar and everything, that's basically
just you guys showing off that you have a humongous internet penis right now and you're
not afraid to whip it out.
Exactly.
Yeah.
Okay.
We're very family oriented.
So, the picture meant nothing. There are no hidden clues in that picture.
As a friend, you're swearing to me there is no hidden meaning in that picture,
because we go way back. We go way back.
Oh, you are holding it up?
Stop it! Now you're even fucking with me. Alright.
I swear that there were no hints.
Now granted, you guys can't see me, so I could be crossing my fingers.
Oh, stop.
I said, I said on the boards, you guys will figure out when we are actually giving hints.
If I say we're not, we probably aren't.
If I say we aren't, we could be.
That's what keeps it fun.
Alright, but seriously, there's no hints.
Seriously, in that picture, there are no hints.
When the hints start, you guys will know, right?
When the hints start, you will know.
And does that mean you're going to give us a hint tonight?
No.
Right.
No.
No.
No.
I'm sorry guys.
but because there are these things called the dawn disclosure agreements he can only
say what he's allowed to say and we're not allowed to say anything else but you know
what we got the song and that's enough for me right now that's more than enough so certainly
we can't give out any more hints certainly I couldn't give out anything else because
I don't know what the hell else is in the game but uh so apparently there's porn in
this mix oh was that a hint that could have been a hint is it erotic oh my god oh my god
products in it oh my gosh
yeah
it was yeah yeah it wasn't it was funny diversified still funny if you guys
want to read into what we say go ahead it might pay off it might not
I mean your speculation
seems to run the gamut of everything
so you might hit something randomly of course we're not going to tell you if
you're right but you might be keep those photoshops coming though especially the
ones of see your
thankfully all I did was like my neck is in there if you can photoshop my neck
more power to you just you guys know i didn't even and and i've known
chain for a while now and we don't mind those down
i've known him for a while now a little while now i don't we don't go away back
but you know i'm a little early sleep here too too
but um...
i did not know it was him i was reading through and i'm like who's that guy
and i didn't realize it was him
that's how secretive you've been being a i didn't even know we should have
thought as being simple you know me
There's two dead giveaways. One, I talked about my hair in the picture.
I always talk about my hair, because I love it.
Um, two, I said Sadness. That's another trademarked meme.
Yes, Sadness I should have known.
I should have known.
Alright.
Okay guys, I think what we're going to do now is I think we're going to take like one
like quick break here, and then I think we're going to do a Maimani match game maybe.
Let's do the cage match now actually.
Let's do that.
Let's drag this out as long as possible here.
Anything else you want to say to your adoring fanboys and possible fangirls out there, Seagrid?
Just keep reading and we'll be posting stuff as we normally do, and love me, please.
So show Seagrid a little more love, and maybe he'll start dropping those hints later,
if you'll show him some love.
Okay, as soon as I queue it up here, we're going to get into the Orange Launch Radio cage match.
the cage match for you guys that have never participated before you need to be
in our chat room w w w dot orange on twitter dot com click on chat
always in their completeness because there's so many new people i'm actually
thinking i think we are at this is a so many new people i think we are to make
an exception tonight and play the entirety
winner from last week is is a really good song
mean either way why not
so we're gonna do that we're gonna be special because it was low keys where
anyway
the way to match works we pick three songs he chose the song
And they're usually big dance hits or guitar hits or something.
They're kind of songs that we think make good Bamani selections, or we just think
they're really cool and we want to play them for you guys.
You guys vote. Or we want to torture you sometimes. Sometimes we want to torture you, like when
Jamie brings J-Lo. I should have picked Britney Spears this week. Or Britney.
But the thing is, you're going to pick your favorite of the three songs, and that winning
song goes into rotation all week long
here on Orange Lounge Radio. So there's definitely a prize to be won here.
Now, last week's winner is actually pretty cool because it's a remix done by
our very own Loki and he remixed this song you might know it from DDR called
ecstasy and it is an excellent remix it's won two weeks now and if it wins
for four we're gonna have to retire it so it's halfway there let's see if it
adds one more week on but oh yeah I gotta have the cage match music huh all
right last week in the orange launch radio cage match oh all right last week
nora's ontario cage match loki one with his pick it's uh... ecstasy and what did
you read it this with your business
explain what a match mix is real fast
well i think if you're looking for most of the stuff that's out there it's
crap but uh...
no matter if it's just basically just uh... taking two songs
not necessarily going down
you're basically cutting loops and you know remixing it that way with loops
but probably for a lot of people is that
really bad rap because you know people to throw one song on top of it another
you're basically making it goldway
it's not like other crap though
hopefully you know that that's a little bit better than
this song should be in the art and the story i think they think that's going to
be in the air
and that's okay
but anyway if you have to be mixed with uh... back home
fred's art that got into the whole job in the first place uh...
comfy
uh... with himself working hard to get here
one of the only two songs he's ever done the other one team level coming
he was pretty popular back in the end of uh... the nineties beginning two
thousand and he did that
generally make anything anymore just the remixes but uh... you'll take a quick
deal a lot with the citizens and uh...
came uh... and also you know
stuff on the fact that john
something that uh...
he kind of a drug actually
All right, here it is. Less talking, more playing. Here it is, a Tomski versus D complex with ecstasy, 14 hours club mix. Enjoy.
All right, that was song number one in tonight's Cage Match, Ecstasy, the 14 Hours Club Mix.
And I think it's hilarious, because the people who can't hear the show right now are just
in our chat room, and they can only see what we're posting.
And I posted, you know, as I always do every week when we play the Cage Match songs, I
posted, song one, Ecstasy, 14 Hours Club Mix, and somebody's like, oh my god, they're announcing
the song list!
No, that is not a song. It's going to be extreme. It's a fan song and it's song number one you can vote for tonight.
Alright, song number two you can vote for tonight is brought to us by Dark Zachrow. What did you pick tonight?
I picked something by someone.
Do you remember what you picked or do you need a reminder?
I know what it takes. Oh yeah, M-Flow with the... move. Oh yeah, Astro Sexy.
Alright. M-Flow is awesome. M-Flow is in DDR. Yes, M-Flow is in DDR.
Alright. M-Flow with Astro Sexy, song number two in tonight's cage match. And if you like this, you can vote for it after we're all done here. Enjoy.
Enjoy!
We got an expo, expo, expo, expo
Yo, nigga, yo, yo
Saki yo, saki yo, saki yo, saki
Miye teru esu nakto makto moshi
It's all for you
Kimi toku shaberi like kashi
Ure soi na asi
Sika asu todo boi
You sad?
Asu toda bell mi nana wo
Ma te xo, xo, sochi an exo
Cax a few cha, sochi an tamari, let's go
Who's the next depot?
Takashi so nani na, been so long
The chinchou ma kua kira itto
Mii so kiss me
Iko iwa kiru ku iu MC
Spanish
and flow chemistry
you know what I'm saying
it's a global astro alliance
Alright, that was song number two in tonight's cage match, M-Flow with Astro Sexy, and now
we're gonna go around and see what everybody thought of that take out the
inner Simon Cowell in us Jamie I love them flow now the whole I have to say
there's a whole CD all together it's not a great that has some awesome tracks on
it and that one it just it keeps getting interesting it keeps changing it up as
the song goes on so it's a real progression through the whole song and I
really love it so I'd have to say that wouldn't get you 10 it's not talked to
Not taco yet, but you know it still gets a 10. All right, uh angel
All right, um
I don't know to me. It sounded like
Half the time kind of dancey. So I really liked it. I say
9.8
Cuz I don't know why I'm going to do that, but I guess it's because I can all right. Yeah
I don't even know
As far as the progression, I liked that. I thought it was interesting. I was like, what's going on here?
Because I could tell something was changing in the song. And it's definitely got that, what do you say, that punkishness.
I was thinking of Move Your Feet, that those guys too. So, yeah. Yeah. You're seeing here.
So I'd have to give it like, maybe a 7. A good song, but not my style.
out. Alright, good song. 7. T-gird, um, what's your name?
Cage Match? That's what we're doing? Yeah, were you even listening to Mplo? Yeah, cause
I remember commenting on it. Alright. Um, I've heard that song, I really like it. It
gets a 9. Alright. Is it going to be in DDR? Maybe. Alright, lowkey. That was awesome,
I love it.
Yeah, you know, it wasn't that bad.
Usually I'm kind of am with Mplo, but that was fun.
I give it an eight.
I give it an eight.
Fun, fun, good eight.
All right.
Our other voters in this vote.
That's right.
You know what?
We're not the ones who depict the winner.
You guys do out there in Listerland, and I'm sure you have nothing better to do while waiting
for your reign, which we will get to like in like 15 minutes.
We will make sure that you vote.
The more votes, the faster we'll get there.
No, we'll get it.
Alright, one more song. Let's get to the last song, then.
My song, my pick this week is a group you also know from DDR, Four Strings.
And they have a brand new single, and it's called Turn It Around.
And so that's going to be my pick for the night. So enjoy.
This is Four Strings, so turn it around.
Turn it around baby, spend more time with me
Try to believe you, try to believe you
Turn it around baby, spend more time with me
It's getting insane I know, let it not be true
Turn it around baby
Turn it around
I need you
I can only be myself with you
I can only be myself
Turn it around, turn it around
Turn it around, turn it around
Turn it around baby, let us break the rules
You know I need you, I need to feel you
Turn it around baby, and find me
Waiting for you babe, only for you babe
I need you
I can only be myself with you
I can only be myself
Turn it around, turn it around
Turn it around, turn it around.
Come on, baby
trans compilation. I'm just sort of transed out of it. I mean, I've been listening to
a lot of trans lately because when I'm writing my stories it's easier to listen to trans
while I'm writing. It was very good though. I love Four Strings. I'd have to give it about
an eight and a half.
Alright. Andrew, what did you think of that one? Pirate. Our local pirate. Oh, he didn't
vote on the last one. Oh, he's gone. That's alright.
Yeah, I've been in the bathroom for like the past three songs. I have no idea what's going
on okay that's fine uh angel i'm stuck okay hi um jeez i'd probably stay an eight because
i don't know i like the trans teenage i could probably i'm gonna go into this club and
i have no idea where i'm going with this never mind all right on 110 oh i'm sorry i missed that
Hey, I like it a lot. I'm into trance. Uplifting trance is kind of a newer, happier kind of thing that's going on.
So for uplifting, I guess, I think it categorizes that anyway. It's pretty good. I give it a 9. I'm into darker trance, but it's good.
Okay, sounds good. Uh, Seagurd.
Um, I heard that song earlier today, and I really don't like it, I'm sorry.
Nausicaa is diving, which might be on Xtreme! Except it's already been announced, so yeah.
I think it is on Xtreme, Seagurd. Even I do that, and I don't work for him.
Um, yeah, I give it a 4.
Aw, you suck. Alright, that's fine. Loki.
I don't know, it was pretty good, but not as good as that trance remix that's on DDR Extreme.
are extreme oh oh of another song another song there will be a trance
remix of another song a word I'm gonna give that a I can't do that if it's
that'd be too obvious I'm gonna give that seven all right I I think it's
really a great song even though it is a little bit repetitive but I love it
9. Is that a 9 in the German sense? 9!
Alright, let's recap and then you guys can vote. Here we go. Remember, you can only vote through private message.
If you post something public in the chat room, it is not counted. You have to send a private message to Skye.
Do not flood the chat room with your vote or I will come over there and punch you.
No, no, no, no, we have to get the paddle and spank.
alright here we go on song number one uh... ecstasy fourteen hours club mix
alright song number two tonight is m flow with astro sexy
Song number three in tonight's cage match is Four Strings. We'll turn it around.
All right. There you go. Send your vote over private message to Skye and I'm going to type
in the chat room how to do that real fast here are you okay there Jamie is
everything do you do you need to do you need to regulate something in the chat
room um no no just make sure all of you in the chat room do not try to send
anything to be money Cade that is like the name that we're all using it's our
personal like slut name we've been humping it all night the secrets been on
there but it's our machine oh yeah you were on there I was on there too and
Andrew was on there for a little bit. Don't send anything to BimaniCade, no DCC chat,
no nothing. Please don't initiate DCC chats because that's not the way we can do the votes.
Just double click to open up a window and it'll work that way. I'll send the message
to Sky. You're talking to my arcade cabinet, okay? It will not respond back or, you know,
accept any files. It's just, it's merely there for arcade enjoyment and the occasional chat
use I'm actually gonna open up the Skype line we're very close to playing your
rain I think I just want to get it done and over with so that you know folks
will stop bugging me about it but I do want to open up speculation huh opinions
yeah I want to get some opinions on DR extreme thus far so Skype skype.org to
get the client those who have been listening to show for a while now know
how it works and then you click on you know you add orange on its radio to your
list and then you can call us on the Skype line so I'm just gonna wait for
for somebody to hopefully call us. And you can interact with the show this way. You could
ask Seagrid something while he's here. Hey. Alright. Oh, we are getting a call. Here we
go. Hello, you are on Orange Lounge Radio. Hello. Can you hear us? Hey, Sky's up. Yeah,
I can. You're, you're dropping out, dude. Do you have porno torrents going? You gotta
close them. No. Don't have anything going. Alright. You're very spotty right now, though.
make sure, uh, you okay? Can you hear me fine? Ah, we lost him. Ah, we lost him. That's a
bummer. Alright, I'll try it one more time. We'll see if we can get somebody in here.
That's what happens when you get the, oh, we'll try it one more time, same person. Hi,
you're on the radio. Can you hear me? Yes, we can hear you now. Okay, good. I think because
I am on, I was dropping out. Who is this? There you go, this is Richie. Hi, Richie.
Hey Rich, how ya doin'?
Hey people, um, just wanna give out a few things about, uh, Xtreme.
Um, I'm pretty excited for it to come out here to the U.S.
Um, just gonna, like, check out the whole, uh, new iToy support, whatever they're gonna have for it.
Um, but the main thing I'm mainly excited about is, uh, bringing Love Love Sugar to the U.S., so...
I, I heard about Love Love Sugar. Yes, I know.
Now, now, now the greatness of N.O.R.E.A. shall be spread throughout this country.
Okay, I'm not ashamed to admit it. I am a Noria fanboy. I want her to have my children.
Richie, do you have anything you want to say to us for withholding on this Your Rain thing for like two hours now for some people? Are we jerks, or is this what you'd expect from us?
Well, I mean, just be patient, you know. I mean, just because, like, you know, we're going to review the song doesn't even want to play it right at the beginning of the show.
And for the people who, you know, keep asking us to drop hints about what songs are going to be on Extreme or what new songs, you know, they can't say anything. It's the same thing, disclosure thing that they have.
So basically, you're saying, you know what, there's a reason you're not getting hints yet.
Yeah, there's rules. The man. It's the man. Blame it on the man.
I know. All I have to say is, they'll tell you when they can tell you. So, you know, just wait up. We'll be good.
Good things come to people who wait.
Alright. Alright, well thanks for calling. Have a good one.
Bye.
That was fun. I'm glad to hear from him.
We'll see. I'll give the other folks a chance to call just a minute here.
So, yeah, we're gonna do that debut of your reign, and then we'll go to the Mani Match Game.
I think we haven't done that in a while, so I want to get to that, and then we're gonna go to the FUs of the Week.
We're gonna have to kind of make it fast this week, though, so we may have to limit our chatroom FUs, especially with so many people listening.
We are going to guard our angst for you.
Again, if you guys have friends that are trying to get in and listen to the show and they
can't get in right now, we will play the song again after the show at 9.40 and there might
be other surprises too at that time, so stay tuned and we'll get that for you after the
show.
For anyone listening in the chat room, please make an announcement for us that we will be
playing the song again after the show.
Alright, yes, we'll play it again at 9.40 so those that weren't able to get in now can
get in.
Alright, nobody else is calling on Skype line so I think maybe it's about time for us to
get to it.
You've waited long enough. Yeah, you guys have waited long enough, but
but first I want to just give some
shout outs about this because I do definitely want to thank the folks at
ddrspot.com
I haven't said their name enough tonight, but they have helped us out in getting this
premiere for you guys. Thank you very much to the staff at ddrspot.com
also the KDEA team has been very helpful
some of our folks at Konami. So Seegard, give them big kisses and
hugs for us here at Orange Lounge for getting this for us.
Alright, and just thanks a lot to you guys because, you know, it helped us get a lot
of exposure.
We've been doing this radio show for about two years now, and some folks are just finding
out about us tonight, even though we've been doing it for two years.
And you know what?
It may not be your cup of tea, but hey, thanks for checking us out, but if you did like us,
we do the same shit every week.
And you know what?
Every Sunday we do our talks.
Some weeks we don't have a song to be teasing, so it's even crazier.
Thank God you weren't here for the show where I sang, okay?
That was bad enough.
You're staying in?
We do have karaoke revolution 2, we've still got a cover at some point.
No!
Alright, alright.
But seriously, also keep in mind we've got our remix show on Monday, Diversion, which
Rob is gracious and has fun with.
And then my show is on Tuesday, where if you're hanging out in our chat room, then whatever
you request, Bemani or not, if I have it, I'll play it, and you can even send it to
me if you really want to hear it broadcast on the show, as long as I don't think it's
a piece of crap.
I'm flexible. Don't suck, I'll play it.
Maybe you'll play your rain again.
Maybe.
Maybe we can work that out.
Maybe.
And then Wednesday, coming back very soon, Vanilla Sky, my show where we talk about random video game stuff.
We just have to retool it a little bit. But hopefully soon. I might do something this week, we'll see. I don't know.
And maybe, sometime in the future, I'll do my show.
Alright.
That's a very, very, very, um, there's a.5 chance, you know, somewhere around the 99 area that, cut it out, cut it out.
Alright, anything else anybody wants to say before we do? This is our big moment you guys, we're never going to have this captive audience ever again, so anybody want to say anything?
I have an important announcement.
Yes.
I like alcohol.
Does anybody need to come out of the closet here on the show?
Loki is actually running in the closet.
Alright.
Um, yeah, I have something.
Rob?
Yes.
Rob?
What?
Rob?
What?
Rob?
What?
Rob?
What?
What?
We are forgetting the something.
Oh Jesus.
That was scary.
It was in unison.
They're getting restless.
They're about to punch us in the face.
Alright, alright, here we go.
Forget it, forget it, alright.
I love you.
Alright, you guys ready?
I'm ready.
You ready to hear this?
Are we ready?
Alright.
Alright, we are going to do right now the world debut of Your Rain, The Rage Mix.
So enjoy everybody.
Your Rain, The Rage Mix made possible by www.orangeloundsradio.com and www.drspot.com. Enjoy!
Out of my head, and I don't know what I found
Over and over, I fear to break me down
I'm waiting for a gentle wind, a gentle wind, a gentle wind
On the sidewalk, on the city, on the streets, just a whisper
Busy people, going nowhere, seeing dark in the rain
Nothing but passion, nothing matters, my resistance is waning
Rain in like a flower in a basement waiting for our love
Yeah
Orange Lounge Radio brings you a world premiere of Your Rain, the Rage Mix
What'd you guys think?
That was sexy!
I can't believe people have been waiting like two and a half hours for that one minute song
But there it is, it's actually a minute twenty-nine is what that song clocks in as
What'd you guys think? Dark Sakura?
It was sexy, I still like the original better, but it was sexy.
It was hot.
It was very hot.
It was hot. It's like, slow.
It's my favorite Akira song, hands down. It's my favorite Yamaoka song, hands down.
Cool.
Yeah, I agree.
What did you guys think? Andrew, you haven't really been, I don't know how much you've been following this fandom, or how big a DDR fanboy you are, but what did you think of that?
What did you think of that?
Well, I like that song.
I think it's going to be pretty interesting to play.
It sounds slow as hell, so I'm definitely going to have to bar rape that at 5x or something
when I play that.
Or excuse me, chair rape that at home, I guess.
But yeah, that sounds pretty good.
I like that.
It sounds interesting.
Alright.
Angel.
Yeah, like he just said, I'm totally going to have to speed mod that, because I really
suck at slow songs.
Well, I speed mod. I don't know if that makes me a loser or not, though.
Since I call myself DDR Angel, maybe I shouldn't speed mod anymore.
Okay, I'm not funny.
I can see Wendell freestyling to this right now.
It's a very freestylable song.
I can see the butt shots and the kisses and everything.
The video was great. We were able to actually see the video at E3 and play the song and the steps.
The steps were pretty good, I gotta say. I think it was only like a six, but it was fun.
The video, they made a custom video for it based around Silent Hill characters.
And I gotta say, you guys, if you haven't looked at our picture gallery...
It was a good video.
Look at the picture gallery on our website. Just sign up for our website. It's free. We don't send you spam.
Sign up for the website, and there's pictures. Dark Sakura has a gallery. I have a gallery.
And Seagurd even has a gallery on there. It says Mikolatov, but it's actually Seagurd's photo gallery.
All these pictures from E3.
Also, just to expand upon the video information.
In the video, you'll see Cynthia from Silent Hill 4 and Henry from Silent Hill 4.
And then some backup dancers, and they are not in Silent Hill 4.
There is no dancing in Silent Hill 4.
Alright.
Unless you count writhing as dancing around when you're being eaten to death.
I've actually seen this song, the video for the song, in a lot of these preview videos.
I do wish, though, that they were dancing in Silent Hill, because then I could have
Pyramid Head dance.
That'd be the best thing ever.
All right.
Those of you guys...
I would like to see the disembodied heads in the wheelchairs dance.
I know some of you guys are probably dropping the stream right now, so I just wanted to
say to you guys that, later the two hours later, hey, check us out again sometime.
I hope you guys enjoyed it, and check us out again sometime, and thanks for stopping by
Orange Orange Radio.
Because we're beautiful people.
The show's not done.
I know there's some people that didn't want to have to sit through all this to hear that song, but you did, so thank you.
What does our resident arcade building genius think of it? Because we didn't ask his opinion.
Yeah, what did you think, Loki?
Eh.
You know, I think, you know, it's nice that Akira Yamaoka's doing songs and remixing them for DDR, but eh.
I don't care for that stupid fucking, um, was it, just shit?
Um, I don't know, I don't care for that R&B crap that they have right there.
Um, you know, give me a good, um, a Kiriyamaoka hard, um, heavy metal fucking track from Contra.
That's the shit that I want in DDR.
You know, fucking hard heavy metal guitars yelling, screaming, none of this.
I'm a survivor! I'm a survivor! Like, give me dancing! I'm a remix of a song!
It's really stupid. I want the heavy metal. I mean, that's the shit that I want in there.
Fuck, if they had a US Guitar Freaks, that would be awesome.
There will not be a US Guitar Freaks, just making that clear.
Alright, I think we're gonna go to a break, and those of you guys that wanted to drop, go ahead.
So the other people can get in. Remember, we are gonna play the song again a little later.
We're gonna do a Monty Match Game when we come back. Let's do that. It'll be fun.
Have fun.
Alright, we're going to do that.
And I'm going to tell you guys who won the cage match.
I'm going to tally up those votes, too.
I'm going to do something really cool though during the break.
What's that?
Fold my laundry.
Have fun.
And in this break, I think we're actually going to play songs from Max2USA.
I think that would be fun.
So we're going to play some Max2USA songs, because, you know, I feel like hearing them.
Don't you guys feel like hearing them?
Yeah.
Yeah, sure.
Alright.
so let's hear those songs and we'll be back
I didn't know what I'd do When there was you and me
And everything went so wrong tonight And the stars came up in the sky
And the music too, playing really through My mind in your love
It's so sad, cause baby when I heard you cry
The world's worse than I knew you were meant to be
Oh, baby when I heard you cry
The world's worse than I knew you were
I want you to be in my way
Will I ever love you again?
Will we be together again?
Thought the love we had was strong
Tell me what's wrong
Where did we go wrong?
Will I, will I, will I?
Will I, will I, will I?
Will I ever love you again?
Will we be together again?
Tell me what's wrong, where did we go wrong?
Shining night, another day turns into night
Tunnel fire, waiting all my life
Take me away, million miles away from here
Take me away, find a place for you and me
You're taking me higher, high as I could be
Take me away, forever you and me
Take me away
Take me away
A million miles away from me, take me away
The final place of you and me is shaking higher
As high as I could see, take me away
Hey, I'm happy.
A lot of you guys decided to stay on.
Thank you guys for listening to us and supporting us.
makes me a happy boy. You're happy! I am. We're about ready to play the match game,
the Bimani match game. This is a fun little segment. We haven't done it in a long time
either, so this is going to be something. But, Jamie, could you explain how the match
game works, because I'm trying to look for our theme song. This is the precursor to Mad
Libs, honestly, if you think about it. Basically, we have two contestants. In this case, we're
going to have somebody from one of our listeners call in on the Skype line, and then our newest
guest on the show be our contestants. Basically, you're going to be read a sentence and at
the end of it, the one word will be replaced with a blank and you have to fill in the blank.
Of course, the object is, as it's called the match game, you have to match us while we
think of something. And no, the answer is not propel.
All right. Because you know what? Every game, the answer
was always propel. And I don't drink propel anymore. Propel is no longer a sponsor of
We're now sponsored by Dr. Atkins, even though he's dead.
I don't know about that. I can't say I'm into that, but okay.
Well, I don't know. Because of that, there's less of me to be here.
That and working my ass off.
I've been trying to find the match game song clips because I lost it when I did my reinstall.
since we've done match game I gotta say so we need a new match game thing okay
do the match game thing. Porn music! Play porn music because it's the same
difference okay okay then I'll just I'll find some porn music. Play the Price is Right music!
I don't have the Price is Right music does everybody everybody get a piece of
paper and a pen I hope you guys have that play some um here I'll play I'll
play some erotic that's close enough okay that'll work this is our new match
game theme song sex on the phone yes you might have to rip this up a little
pieces now Andrew doesn't get a piece of paper because he's gonna be our
contestant and for contestant number two we're gonna open up the skype line and
we'll see who gives us a call over on the skype line I'm gonna write all over
over hello kitty's face. You should do that. I'm hoping somebody will call in the skype
line. Nobody calls in the skype line. We're going to have to take one of our chatters
and I don't know if I want to do that. Somebody's got to call us in the skype line. Oh no, that
piece of paper? It has clues as to what's an extreme. Let's see. Oh shit. I'm writing
on the back of the extreme. Be rare. My bad. I've got a copy list that says milk, cheese,
Hold on, I've got to shut this guy off.
Hello, can you hear us? You're on Orange Town's radio.
Hello.
Hello, hello, hello.
Hello.
We cannot hear you. Sorry, buddy.
Dismissed.
Let's see if we can answer this one. Hello. Oh, I missed that one.
Hello? Hello? Hello, you there?
Yes, I am here. Oh, hello, Richie!
You just got in. Somebody else
was in and then they dropped
because we couldn't hear them, so
Richie, you're it. Can you guys hear me good?
Yeah, we can hear you good, too. Sorry to the other guy.
Oh, you found the theme song, Loki. Oh, I'm so proud. Play the theme song.
We have to play it in between, anyway.
Yeah, we have to. We'll play it in between.
Ah. Much better. Much better. Can you hear that?
Oh, God. Yeah, I can hear all of it.
All right. Turn it down. Turn it down. Turn it off.
All right. Here we go. Question number one is nice.
You know how the match game works, right, Richie?
Yeah. All right. I know how this works.
All right. Here we go. Question number one.
Jamie was sick and tired of all the children that would run in between her and the pad
when she would try and play DDR. One day one of them tripped right in front of her as they
tried to run by. Jamie looked at the child and said, I've got one word for you kid. Blank.
That's when you play a song, there you go.
You have to think of what would be in the blank.
Now we can't.
Jamie was getting sick and tired of all the children that would run in between her and
the pad when she would try and play DDR.
One day one of them tripped right in front of her as they tried to run by.
taking a look at the house that i've got one word for you can
all right with the thing i mean
was not in the morning
Alright, see you're all extorted.
You got ten seconds.
Alright, alright, stop the music. Let's see.
Alright, Richie, you still there with us?
Yeah, I am.
Alright, Richie.
Jamie was getting sick and tired of all the children that would run in between her and the pad when she would try and play DDR.
One day, one of them tripped right in front of her as they tried to run by.
Jamie looked at the child and said, I've got one word for you, kid.
Owned.
owned. All right, Richie says
owned. Let's see what his opponent, Andrew, has to say.
Andrew, I've got one word for you, kid. I think it's also
bitch is one of the chatters. Bitch!
All right, bitch is the other one. All right, let's see. We got all our...
Now we write these down on paper, so let's see.
Let's go around and see what some of our persons said here. Let's start off with
Jamie.
Jamie, what would you have said? I've got one word for you, kid.
Oops. Oops is not a match. Sorry. Uh, DDRholic, what'd you say?
I'm not too creative today. Doctor.
Doctor. Okay, that would be the nice thing to say. Unfortunately, the question was about Jamie.
Everybody boo DDRholic. Boo. I'm just kidding, I'm kidding.
I wouldn't do that, but okay.
Angel.
Um, okay.
I got one word for you, kid.
In complete Dark Sakura fashion, die.
Die.
Die.
die all right let's see secret you're playing night
I got one word and maybe it's a hit you guys
no no you don't know I'll cry is what
die of death died I got one word for you kid
move your feet in extreme yeah alright
I already see good I've got one word for you kid
I came up with hardly anything so I went with propel
even though we said it's not it's not that all hell
Alright. Propel. Alright. Loki, I've got one word for you, kid. Classic.
I would say that. Classic. I said, I've got one word for you, kid. Abstinence.
That's beautiful. I think I'd say that too. No, no matches. No matches.
They're talking to their parents. Was that your second answer, Richie?
What? Was that his abstinence? Was that your second answer maybe?
No, but more like, uh, ha ha, or
I don't know. I'm not feeling creative tonight. That's alright. Alright, let's go on to question number two then.
Alright, it's all tied up. Nothing, nothing. Here we go. Second question.
Get the music ready. Alright. Loki
was getting sick and tired of the fact that whenever Andrew went to golf land
dressed as a pirate,
he got all the crowds watching him play DDR. In order to upstage
him and get the attention back. Loki decided to show up dressed as a blank.
Oh, this one's going to be exciting.
That music, for some reason, makes me want chicken.
Alright, we're going to start off with Andrew this time, and hey, it would be upstaging
you, what would Loki have to do?
Loki showed up dressed as a...?
I'm going to say Barwench, because I think he'd make a very sexy one.
Barwench!
Yeah.
Barwench is Andrew's answer.
Let's see what the competitor Richie has to say.
as a... French maid. French maid! Well gee, this is a... That's a surprise coming from
Richie, alright. Let's see if we've got a match. Jamie, dressed as a... I finally saw
this, so you'll laugh at me. Dressed as Divine's role as Edna in Hairspray. Very nice, dressed
as Divine, and nobody in the scene is ever going to get that joke, but that's okay. Uh,
your holic. Loki's gonna show up dressed as an Oscar Meyer wiener. You're gay. And it's
okay for me to say that. Alright, uh, Angel showed up. Okay, this is completely unlikely
to say, but I got to just because it's running, it's playing on words. I said you dress up
as a cock. No, not that one! Dressed up as a cock, alright. Segerd. Segerd, uh, Loki
in order to upstage him. Showed up dressed as a? Penis. Penis! You could have gotten
two points! Going for the dick joke. Alright, Loki. What would you have to do? You'd have
to show up dressed up as a? I'd have to dress up as Osama Bin Laden because he fucking rocks
the DDR. Wow. Wow, okay. Well that would certainly get you attention. Or as a Nazi. A Nazi would
rock too. Or if we can combine them all, we would have to have like a white hood with
the turban and then maybe a swastika paid in on that it could be like the the
Antichrist I don't know the yeah I don't get it yeah whatever that was stupid I
sorry for wasting your 30 seconds I said in order to upstage Loki would show up
dressed as a crack whore and when in doubt crack whore you guys crack whore
universal joke
but then i just blend into the crowd
uh... i didn't think of that you would you totally get in the car and i said
there's almost a ninja
because if you ever gone to realtimmapower.net
don't you know that the mortal enemy of all ninjas are pirates
an l-shaped tetris block
that would be awesome
that would be so bad
alright here we go
uh... one more are no answer we have three more questions actually in a long
one right here because i'm done in a while
alright question three
when rock came home from work and follow keys main cabinet
he the first thing you thought to himself was g now that the thing is in
my house i can play nothing but blank all day long
and may not be the obvious choice right
I can play nothing but blank all day long. Music.
That heavy breathing gets so dreamy on me.
I'm teasing you, Richie.
Alright. Oh, Richie. Dang. Yes. Alright. Richie's first this time, right?
Richie, you're giving me a boner. Stop it. Alright.
Hey Rob. Yeah? Um, no. Alright.
What if Rob dressed up as a maid for you?
I don't know.
Wouldn't you even get like a little bit of a boner? Like a half boner? Like a bone?
Um, no. Alright, alright.
Alright, you're dropping out there, buddy. Careful, we gotta hear you for this answer though, alright?
Uh, here we go. Gee, now that this thing is in my house, I can play nothing but blank all day long. What?
Okay, I was really gonna say, do you like horny bunnies, but then I'm gonna go into the chatroom and say, uh, um, girls panic.
Gals panic. Gals panic. Alright, gals panic is what, uh, what he said, Richie. Andrew, what do you think? He's gonna stay home and play blank all day long.
blank all day long. I think he's going to stay home and play with himself because that
way Loki will be over here playing mad. And that way he doesn't feel awkward when he's
doing it and Loki comes in and watches him like normal so I think it will be a lot more
comfortable for Ross. Alright, so Andrew says he's just going to play with himself. Screw
the machine, I'm going to play with myself. Alright, that's a very good answer actually.
Alright, Jamie, I'm going to stay home and play Burger Time. Burger Time! The chat room
Who was trying to get you guys to say it? Burger Time! Alright, let's see...
Uh... DDR-Holic.
Okay. Um, and by the way, for those of you who don't know, it's DDR-Coholic, but I let Rob call me Holic.
Sorry, sorry. DDR-Coholic.
No, that's your name for me. That's your name for me. Okay.
I just like Holic.
Okay, I thought that low-key would love...
Richie! Hold on, Richie! Enough with the heavy breathing. You're turning me on over here.
I know, I'm getting all wet and stuff.
I know.
Wait, you are over 18, right?
Yes, I'm turning 21 in here.
Oh boy, that's hot.
Alright.
Okay.
Alright.
I'm sorry.
Decide to stay home and play?
And play Q-Bert!
Q-Bert!
Good answer!
Q-Bert is a game I would play all day long.
DDR Angel, what would you say?
What were you going to call me?
I almost said DDRcholic again.
DDR Angel.
Pole Position.
Pole Position!
All these are great answers.
answers. I would play Pulp Position all day long. Seagurd. It's only because I saw it
today. Gals panic. Gals panic! That's a match! That's a match. It's a match for Ritchie!
Alright, Ritchie gets a point. Alright. Loki. He decided to stay home and play. And we wonder
why we don't play this game, you know, all the time. Anyways, no, the answer would be
miss mr. miss oh there's a miss mr. nude world 96 that's right that is that's a
miss world 96 with the boys in it instead of the girls yes good answer my
answer was actually my answer was I would stay home and play miss world 96
nude actually I also said that except I didn't say the mr. version because that
version is broken and it keeps crashing so I just wanted to play the version
that has the move your body song so if you've never played miss world 96 nude
go download it right now it rocks all right that has been why i've been playing all day too honestly
i play that more than anything else all right richie's up by one but let's see two more
questions to go ready oh this is a question about siegert all right
siegert can become very tired after having to be a konami slave all day long
luckily konami takes care of its employees and keeps siegert a very happy boy with all
of the free blank. Music. Keep Segerd a very happy boy with all of the free blank.
Oh, okay. I guess it's done. All right, let's see what everybody thought. Starting off with
our contestants. Segerd can become very tired after having to be a Konami slave all day
long. Luckily, Konami takes care of its employees and keeps Segerd a very happy boy with all
of the free... Andrew?
I'm going to say something like caffeine or coffee or something like that.
Okay, free...
Free coffee, let's say. Free coffee.
Okay, okay.
What?
Free stimulants.
Yes, stimulants is good.
All right.
Richie, you there?
Yes.
All right.
Yes, I am.
They're going to keep Sigurd a very happy boy with all of the free...
Blowjobs.
Blowjobs!
All right, let's see if anybody gets a match.
Okay, I didn't know...
Oh, maybe I should go work for Konami.
All right.
Jamie keeps him a happy boy with all of the free...
Politary torture sessions.
Politary Torture Set! That wouldn't make me happy!
That would make me sad.
Alright.
Keep Seagrid a very happy boy with all of the free.
Did you get a hug?
Uh, how about Red Bull?
Red Bull!
That's, that's a match. I think it's a match with the stimulants. Good job.
Good job. Alright, it's all tied up now.
Alright.
Let's see, Angel.
She's still writing. Come on, you're still writing.
Shut up!
all of the free junk
junk because I didn't know what to put
I blame I know
all right all right
that's all right no worries
okay
Seegard
they keep you happy with all of the free
okay everybody would have thought I would say a kiriyama oka anything
but no I put suikoden yaoi fan fix
suikoden yaoi fan fix
that'd make me happy
Loki
All of the free... I said stimulants, and when I mean stimulants, I mean Karayamaoka
porn. All of the home videos you don't get to see.
All right. I don't think that's a match, though. Sorry, a different kind of stimulant. All
right. My answer was, keep secret a very happy boy with all of the free grape-feeding men
and togas. That sounds pretty stimulating.
Don't they have that room at Konami with all the great painting men and the togas?
They're still looking for hints.
Oh my God, Toga, that's a song.
All right.
Let's see.
Moving on.
Last question, guys.
Last question, guys.
You ready?
All right.
Let's go.
See, now this question isn't as funny anymore.
I was going to do it before the big premiere, but just imagine we haven't done your reign
yet.
Okay?
Here it is.
When we told the listeners that it was all a big joke, and we weren't actually going
to play Your Rain Tonight, the first thing the listeners did was blank the hosts.
Music.
Porn music.
I swear this one makes me think like it should also be for a chicken commercial.
I guess we think it should also be for a chicken commercial.
Alright, here it is. Tiebreaker. Here's your chance.
I'm going to start with Richie this time. Richie, when we told the listeners that it was all a big joke and we weren't actually going to play Your Rain tonight, the first thing the listeners did was blank the host.
Was to have spicy hot orgasms with the host.
Spicy hot orgasms! Interesting. Alright, let's see. Andrew, first thing they were going to do was what to the host?
Well, tie them up and force them to listen to Good Charlotte and Linkin Park, which is more punishing than anything I can think of.
Oh yeah, that's pretty bad. Alright. Oh, wow, okay. Let's see if we get a match.
Jamie, they decided to blank the host.
Mooned. Mooned! They made us look at their... On their webcams. On their webcams.
Good answer. Not a match. DDRHolic.
Uh, this might be close to the steamy orgasms. Um, queefed?
I don't think so. I think that's...
I think that's a little bit different. Are you sure? I think it's a little different, honey.
No, okay.
A little different, honey.
Okay.
All right.
DDR Angel, they decided to...
Flash naughty bits on a webcam.
Flash naughty bits on their webcam to the host.
No, doesn't work, sorry, but...
Seagurd!
Richie!
Yes?
Stop, you're making me...
Later!
Oh!
Later!
I was boring, and I just said murdered the host.
Murdered.
Oh, that was a good answer.
All right, Loki.
Banned from DDR freak.
That would be awfully hard.
Considering one of our hosts is a moderator, that would be kind of hard.
Unless it was April Fool's time again, huh?
That was a hilarious joke.
Did I ever tell you that?
Alright.
Hey Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob.
Bitch, what?
Fine, I won't tell you.
Is it a hint?
Is it a hint?
The hint is the new ferret mix.
Alright, here it is. My answer. When we told the listeners it was all a big joke and we weren't actually going to play Your Rain tonight, the first thing the listeners did was give money to the hosts because that's what I need them to do.
Oh, buy them.
Give them money for this money. Yeah. Alright.
And El Mullet. Webcam, yo. Webcam.
Alright, that's going to do it for tonight's match game. The final score guys, Andrew, one point. Good job.
Richie, one point, which means they tied. And you know what that means?
You both lose! You both lose! Good job.
Richie, now that you've lost the match game, how do you feel?
What are you going to do now? I think I'm going to go back into the bathroom for another ten minutes.
Alright, sounds good. You do that! Remember to flush. Alright. Alright, Richie, thanks
for playing but you lose. Oh, okay. Any last words you want to say? Amy, when I come on
that show, I am going to stuff those bears down my pants. Alright. That is all. Bye,
thank you. Alright. Okay, we've got, we have not even talked about Bamani news yet, and
still got the FUs of the week to do. So, Loki, Loki's gonna catch, what, yes, Secret
Dude. Oh, just for the listeners that aren't in the chat room, there sounds like there
will be hints coming next week, for real. Real ones. Yeah, real ones. So, be on the
lookout. Alright. Sounds good. Let's get to some of our other Bomani news. Loki's gonna
kinda run down what's been going on here. Yeah, since we kinda bypassed that whole section
of the show, because that's not important, no one really cares. Well first off, 2DX Red,
or 2DX11 was testing now in Japan, and of course we have the first, you know, song list
that's out over there. There's some really cool stuff, we've got a brand new DJ setup
track, Spiritual Galaxy, a brand new eight plus, woo, eight plus song, which is Gigadelic,
And then there's also a bunch of other tracks that are on there. New Walls track, which is pretty sweet.
Just a lot of cool stuff. Check it out in Bomani style or Air Japan or any other site that carries Bomani news because you've got tons of info on it.
New stuff that's going to be in there. They have a new ranking thing that's on the side of the screen as you're playing the game,
which shows your combo versus the max combo on the machine, which I thought was pretty neat.
And, um, you know, and it's very red, hence the name 2DX Red. Of course, there'll be more songs coming out as time goes on right now, um, because with each test, of course, they add more songs to it and stuff. Um, supposedly, there's gonna be a lot more new songs coming, and it just looks pretty sweet. Um, uh, also, a Eurotrance-style version of Platonic X, which makes me sad.
But yeah, in Secret of Love, new DJ Swan track, also did Gentle Stress, so that'd be pretty cool.
Aside from that kind of stuff, hmm, well I know there's a lot of Sim stuff.
There was big Sim news this week, even if you've just been spending your time on the internet
doing nothing but waiting for Xtreme and UltraMix 2 hints, you're missing some of the stuff that's going on in the Sim scene
in the sim scene and while you know that might be questionable or whatever, there is some
good stuff going on. What is going on right now? There is some big stuff going on.
My god, there is a bunch of big stuff going on. First off, you know, the best sim file
makers on the face of the fucking earth, okay, the FoodMix team, they released FoodMix Plus,
which is awesome. You need to go check it out. 15 brand new songs. Most of the songs
are from Diverse 7, which is also out right now. It's going to be, um, Diverse 7 is actually
gonna be featuring three different CDs with actual key sound files for BMS players. Basically
it's the BeatMania, 2DX, SIMS. And I gotta say these artists are fucking awesome. They
do really kick ass Bomani remixes and you need to go check them out. If you haven't
heard of Diverse Systems before, you can definitely check them out. It's at www.diverse.jp. And
go check it out. They have an English page. You can order the CDs and they're really kick
And they were actually the ones that were distributing Bounce Connected for a while there, so definitely check it out.
But one of the cool, some of the cool stuff that's on there, you've got a few remixes I'd like to kind of just tease a little bit.
Maybe we can play these in a break or something.
There was some new ones, there was a new track by Offbeat which did some really kick-ass stuff.
This would be the Holic remix called Holics.
And it was pretty sweet, so let me just play a little bit in the middle here.
I mean, that was pretty sweet.
And then, we've also got, there's a brand new, what was it?
Innocent Walls remix, which, oh my God.
It's fucking awesome.
Let me see here.
Let's see.
Just some really kick-ass stuff, and of course they make awesome videos that go with
everything.
Steps are really good. Definitely go check it out.
There's remixes of G2, Max 300 of course, but you know, it's really awesome.
Um, there's remixes of, uh, 20 November, Brilliant 2 U, Haulik, as I mentioned before, the Safari,
just a bunch of really cool stuff.
Go check it out.
And, since it is all in one pack, you do get the original Food Mix as well, which there's
tons of songs in that, all the same quality, just excellent.
Go check that out.
Aside from that, there's been more work being done on the front of starting to rip stuff from games.
Actually, there's a guy working on ripping all the characters, the 3D characters from the PlayStation versions, and all the background graphics and stuff, and the progress so far has been really cool.
You can check that on DDR Maniacs under the StepMania forums and their themes, and that was really cool.
And then, of course, there's DDROSC3, which is pretty cool. There's a new Stepfile contest, you know, kind of a break from Turning Mix.
So you can check that out, too. And, of course, if you're not really into, you know, making SIM files and more of, like, the remixing type, there's remix contests going on, DDRMania X and also BomaniCell.
So check those out. They're pretty much, pretty similar, so you might find one that you want to enter.
But that's pretty much just going on right now. I've heard that there was going to be, you know, an Alpha 22 for StepMania 3-9, but apparently not yet. But, um, coming, soon.
Alright. Thanks for catching up on the news. I know we kind of got pushed aside because of all the other crap we got going on tonight, but, you know, there is other news going on out there, so thanks for bringing it up. Anybody want to comment on any of the news?
Well, you guys are easy to please. Talkative bunch, talkative bunch, aren't you?
Alright, I think what we're going to do now, actually we'll take a quick break and we're going to play some songs.
Oh, actually I have to announce tonight's winner of the cage match, my bad.
Tonight's winner of the cage match, I was actually kind of surprised by this, but Loki's remix has been dethroned and we have a new winner.
Astro Sexy by M-Flow won tonight's cage match and will be in rotation all week long on Orange
Lawns Radio's Bamani Music & More program, which by the way, I know some of you guys
just tuned into the station for the first time tonight, but we do play Bamani music
from 2DX, DDR, home version stuff, poppin' music, Guitar Freaks drum media, dance mania
tracks that you don't hear usually on Bahmanim playlists. So we bought that running 24-7.
Yeah, I'm pumping up songs too. Some of the good ones. So definitely tune into that. It
runs all day. And an MP3 Pro means you get DSL quality radio on a dial-up stream.
We even throw in a couple of happy-to-be hardcore tracks here and there too.
Good stuff. Alright, so M-Flow one tonight. I think we're gonna do it. We're gonna take
a break, and we're actually going to play two tracks from Food Mix. I want to play the
Max remix, because I think it's really good, and we're going to play the Safari, because
I like that one. So I thought we'd play those for the guys.
Those are pretty cool, yeah. They're all good. They're all good, really.
They're really, my favorites of the new one have to be the Instant Walls one.
Okay, I'll take out, I'll take, I'll put in Innocent Walls, too.
And the Innocent Walls one is fucking awesome. I mean, they, the guys from Food Mix did enter
Turning Mix 5, but the entry that they picked was like one of the worst ones that they did.
But if they picked one of these, oh my god, it would have owned everybody, but, whatever, you know, I'm sure they're not out to brag, because they know they're kick-ass, and they don't really need to prove it, so...
Yeah, rocks.
Alright, so we'll get that in there too, then, I just gotta remember...
Is that it?
Oh, sure is. Alright, then we'll do this song first, why don't we?
We're going to do that Innocent Walls remix, and then when we come back, we are going to
do the FUs of the week, however we have to keep it fast tonight, so we're going to run
through everybody in the room, and unfortunately tonight, only selected chat room FUs will
be read, so if you send me a long one, not going to get read, so think of something really
good if you have a good story, and I apologize in advance, but we are running on a limited
schedule tonight, so keep them short, FUs from chat room will be limited, but send those
to Sky over private message.
So here it is, check it out, some remix songs from the latest Foon mix, starting off with
an Innocent Walls vocal mix, Max remix, and then a guitar remix.
Let me get the actual title, hold on, because I want to be correct on this.
This title of this remix here is called Made in Innocent, and it's a short version by OnoKen.
OnoKen, which fucking rocks, did P8107 rumored to have a song in 2DX Red, but I think that's
pretty much a rumor.
It would be awesome if he did, but just a rumor for now. So yeah, check it out. Awesome work.
Alright, and don't forget, your rain will be back again at 9.40. We're going to play that again.
Okay, anyway, here we go, um, some stuff we're filming, so we'll be back with EFUs of the Week.
When I get back, it's a hot booty break-up
Clear the phone, your keys, they come to speakin'
Got a lot of shit to say, but on your lips, we kept
We always put hoodies away, them kids clap
Hear my shit, my real technique
I'm speakin', breakin' my bones
Rhymes up, I'm liking to the devil's cuss bones
Deep into the wild blue horizon
You want to hear
The teacher
when again i can't stop breathing
s scythe's going to tend to go to sleep
leave me alone girl house it's a sequence
if you stay asleep
now we wonder what it's going to feel when it
break, and honestly it was turn to the
yeah
dealing with
Make a look at these
You can't you can't you these
You can't you can't you these
You can't you can't you these
You can't you can't you these
You can't you can't you these
You can't you can't you these
You can't you can't you these
Niko, meow, meow, meow, meow, meow, meow, meow, meow, meow, meow, meow, meow, meow, meow,
Oh, Ash!
This randomness could only be brought to you by Orange Lounge.
Yes, we are a little bit random here on Orange Lounge Radio, if you haven't guessed.
A little.
But, you know what, a lot of guys stuck around after the underage thing, so you like us.
We appreciate you.
You really like us.
No, we do appreciate it.
is to stick with us, because then we feel good about ourselves.
We've been trying here, you guys.
It validates us for the week.
We think it's a fun thing to do on a Sunday night.
I mean, you know, it's not like I'm going to church or anything.
Not like we're getting paid for this.
Yeah, we don't get paid for this either.
We pay for this.
We do.
That's alright, that's why I couldn't...
With our souls!
Yeah, it would cost me a lot of money to increase the cap
to get more people on stream tonight, so sorry guys, couldn't do it.
Um, anyway, we gotta get into this,
because we don't have a lot of time left in the show,
but I do want to get into the FUs of the week.
We're gonna move quickly, you guys, tonight,
But, speaking of randomness, why do we do the FUs of the Week, for those of our new listeners, Jamie?
We have this whole buildup of angst, and we need to have a big bad release of it, or else we, like, explode.
Alright. Alright, here we go then, Jamie. It's time to do the FUs of the Week. You ready?
I'm ready, Rob.
I would like to give a big F.U. to the three root beers that I have had that facilitated
that loud belch.
I am normally not as unladylike.
I usually am a lot more unladylike.
Nah, really.
A big F.U. to impatience, especially for people who drive.
And another F.U. goes to A.R.C. for not posting my financial aid stuff and certifying my loans so I can get my fucking money.
That's it. I'm being nice. F.U. to freaking running out of time.
Alright, moving on. Loki, your turn.
I fucking hate stupid stanky drivers who can't fucking drive. I had this stupid bitch last
weekend still pissing me off. Fucking cut me off when I'm driving just to get behind
a slow person that was in front of me. Oh wow, guess what? You got to that intersection
a whole half a second faster than I did. Good, now you can go fuck another sheep and have
your next child okay then finally cuz I'm gonna keep this short fuck you to
sluts at my work who get higher up in the company about fucking to your box
and openly admitting it and bragging about it I fucking hate you and I will
take you down and I'm not talking about in a good way. I'm done. My turn.
I have to do it myself for the fact that I am paying about $13.95 a month to play Final Fantasy 11 and I have touched it a whopping one time this whole week.
Because I found better things to do for once in my life. For once in my life, no, because I found something even better than Ragnarok.
i went out and i went on a date this week so that was something better
yes finally
uh...
but i thought that they had to add on it i was not too much for them
i'd like to get the whole but anyway
i'm just glad i got out of the house you know i mean
but uh...
that here still
my other if you go to on that burning
in my car i thought like i cracked my radiator something
but actually i just run over a plastic bag and it wrapped itself around my pipe and caught
itself on fire
so f you to people that leave plastic bags in the road what the hell you do that for?
stupid
this is the best thing i've ever seen
moving on let's go to our other studio guests
starting off with who's got a microphone over there
mister uh... andrew what do you have to say f u to what
Alright, well I'd like to give a big fuck you to all the bar and speed mod haters out there.
I'd just like to piss you guys off right now before I get started.
I wanted to talk to you more about the bar raping thing tonight, but we just ran out of time.
I'll come back.
You gotta come back, alright.
We ain't got time.
I'd also like to give a big F you to everybody that lives in Glen Rose, Texas.
I don't care if I know you or not, but just that whole town needs to just be wiped off the map.
And last but not least, if you're a friend that I told to listen tonight and you're not listening,
fuck you guys.
Don't ever talk to me again.
me again. You are listening. I love you. In that platonic kind of way. Okay, that's all
I got.
Alright, very nice. Angel.
Alright, I'm going to go through this real quick because I got one from Agus as well.
He says, F you to sitting on my ass on a perfectly good Sunday doing nothing except for answering
people's phone calls and they happen to be going to the wrong department. And he's the
only one there.
Also, I'd like to say a quick F U to the stoplight on Arden and Del Paso, because it is the longest piece of crap I've ever, like, waited on, and it happened to be while I was trying to get over here.
So I'm going, okay, I can go now, really, I really want to get here. Yeah, because I'm, like, you know, an Orange Lounge freak like that. Anyway, next person.
oh one more one more f you fuck you to bird King for making me shit like crazy
Wow TMI all right TDR Kohale oh hey what's up okay um I was gonna originally
start off by saying fuck you to not having any fuck you cuz I know yes cuz I
could never participate I was at the pass the microphones I don't have any
fuck yous I don't know what to say but now I have a little something I can say
like okay fuck you to not having any good arcades anymore around town where
are they and where are they we should pop my butt still build one yeah and
then fuck you to the post office thing that's at our apartment complex it's
like a mile away from my apartment I have to actually drive to get there it's
a pain in the butt and it's unbelievable our public office is huge so and we're
on the other side of the post office is all we on one end of the complex you
They could put it in the middle. No, they don't do that. They put it on one end.
So anyway, fuck into that. That's it.
Alright.
Uh, moving on. Seagurd!
F you to relatives that start charging you rent after living there a month and you have to sleep in the kitchen.
Um...
You're sleeping in the kitchen?
Yeah, I'm sleeping in the kitchen.
You are so Cinderella. It's horrible.
I made that comparison the other night.
Yeah, I didn't like it because that would mean I'd have to wear a dress or something.
F you to the chat room because it's funny. F you to people who read into what we say far too much and F you to your guys' crazy Photoshop skills because it's really creepy but funny so keep it up.
See, Konami employees are real people too, you guys. Alright, let's go to the chat room F you, shall we?
Oh, I forgot another big one.
Yes, Jamie.
Um, and F.U. to not having time or money to go where I want to go and see who I want to see.
Aww.
One really quick one, uh, F.U. to the post office for holding all of our mail because we're still trying to get forward and stuff.
That really sucks for three weeks now.
Yeah, yeah, you know, you, uh, Miklotov or whatever the hell you go by now, don't stress out, just, you know, mellow out, be gentle.
Have some gentle stress.
Alright.
Was that a hint?
Was that a hint?
Oh my god, Gentle Stress is in a version of DDR.
Okay, here we go.
Oh, this is going to be good. I'm loving this first one already.
Let's go into the chatroom FUs.
We're going to start a fight here tonight.
Tora would like to give an FU to Jamie, also known as Dark Sakura.
Why?
Because she gave me warning points for no reason way back when.
Okay, if I warn you it's for a fucking reason. You did something wrong.
wrong also keep in mind you lose the freaking point a month it's probably
gone how could you possibly piss off dark cyber I could never imagine how you
would make her mad look you break the rules I warn your ass that easy
panda says F you to my HDD with all my stuff for crashing on me when I needed
it crown John field says F you to PSO blue burst hacker broom stop hacking this
thing
i can see star on my head and all that he did you know this is the one for the
end for the people inside
uh... unknown gamer says i want to say a big ol f you to make me wait two hours
to listen to your rain pay
if you buddy
it was going to be three are we're gonna play it like a very nice
we were being nice
on my fault you guys five
so it's in six three nine thirty right at six thirty or we do with the rest of
the show what do we do with ourselves it'd be the listen to Rob play with
himself show exactly at least we're better than g4 we are much better than
who we write at least the premiere wasn't on g4 thank your lucky stars we
got it first L mullet says f you to pants damn pants the bane of all evil
yeah but can't yeah my parents rage we as kid would like to say f you to old
ladies who call the tech support line and yell at me because they're too dumb to understand
what reboot means.
How about bootsy ass?
Why do I reboot?
Alright.
MJB would like to say my FU of the week goes to my shitty internet for disconnecting me
from Orange Launch Radio, almost causing me to miss my FUs of the week.
Well we can't have that can we?
Any other week you would have been okay with the cap thing, I swear, tonight's just crazy.
I just found missed calls from two of my bestest friends.
But you were listening to this show, so it's okay.
We're your new bestest friends.
Ooh, I hit that.
F.U. to Gaps.
All right.
Ry Chan says, F.U. to Coughing Really Hard and Weezing While Trying to Play a 9-Foot
DDR Song in the Arcade.
Hey, that was me last night on Pumped Up.
That's me.
That's me.
That's me.
That's me.
That's me.
That's me.
That's me.
That's me.
That's me.
That's me.
That's me.
That's me.
That was me last night. I'll pump it up. I thought I was gonna die brain cancer. Could you pick up maybe?
and lastly
Vandalous
Vandalous says my fu is for the Sacramento Kings in their recent drama. It's like a friggin soap opera full of spoiled millionaires
Thanks. Yeah. Amen. Thank God. They're leaving now now play nice
Yeah, you're gonna start another fight here
You know what?
I think the people who get bent out of shape over sports rivalries really need to like get a life one more last-minute one here
Our Kara says F you to Andrew for not giving me my sexiness. I don't know what that's supposed to mean
Is that a hidden message?
Wait about two weeks. Do you need to take this offline? No, I think we're I think we're all good
Just give me two weeks or something. It's on on. All right
Is somebody gonna get served I think
think suckers gonna get Chronicle that's what's up all right um guys it's the end
of the show we're already here I know cry well thank you guys for listening
and making it a great show tonight I hope we don't need exclusives to make
you guys keep listening to us but I we are exclusive hopefully you liked it
you'll come back but if not hey thanks for wasting three hours with us tonight
I hope you like the song but we're gonna go around and get everybody's final
thoughts. Let's start off with DD Archaholic. DD Archaholic, your final thought. It's like
Jerry Springer's final thought. It's your final thought.
Well, quick shout out to my boyfriend, Jason, DarkChild999. I don't know if he's listening
or not. He might be. And final thought. Chewing gum that tastes like grape is really good.
Um, Angel, your final thought?
Um, Akira Yomoko, because I can.
Okay. Hey, Akira is a good thing. Andrew?
I just want to say thanks for having me on the show. I hope to be back in the future, and this place kicks ass.
But there's way too much fucking Pokemon in here, man. It's creep-
You're welcome! You're welcome!
It's creeping me the hell out. Okay.
Wait a minute. Hold on. Hold that thought. Hold that thought.
and this is the time where we fill the air while rob goes way, better than filling air for three hours while...
ahhh!!!
I'm going to put that on the cam, you guys
ok, you do that
woooo!
Go!
Anyways, umm, I guess I'll do my final thought
my final thought is, I feel sorry for anyone that tuned in tonight just to hear that song
and then expose themselves to our stories
expose themselves to our show, because that sucks. No, but really though, I hope you guys listen some more, because there's those moments that are really cool. It's kind of like watching bad movies. You know, eventually you'll get to a moment that's like really funny and stuff.
It's like watching Xanadu. Exactly. No, I've never seen that, so that doesn't make any sense to me.
It's like watching Battle Royale 2.
God, that movie sucked.
Don't see Battle Royale 2.
Instead, instead, download the camera above Kashaan,
because that fucking rocks.
Okay.
And my final thought is,
please come back and listen to us again,
even though we're not gonna have any more premieres.
Please come back and listen.
I know, okay, I didn't say, do I always have to go last?
Yes.
We, no.
We could. I could empty the stream. We could, like, put that clip of me singing again on,
you know, because that's pretty sad. Uh, Seagurd, once. You're going last? He's gonna go last.
Okay, then. I'm being nice. DarkSakura, you always go last, though. You're being very
nice tonight. I'm, I think I've shown quite a bit of restraint tonight. I think you've
been a very good girl. You get a cookie. No, if it's a low-carb cookie. A low-carb cookie.
Okay. All right. Um, I, I was such a disbeliever for this stupid Atkins diet, because, you
you know, sort of what your body does before it dies. But it works. So maybe I'm going
to die. I don't lose a lot of weight. My final thought is that Diet Hansen's root beer is
the best thing in the world. Alright. I agree. Second best thing in the world. It's lovely.
Next to orgasms. Alright. You know, I do have to say that orgasms are very nice. They are.
They should just sell canned orgasms. They should. For all those people who... Orgasm
Seagurd, your final thought?
My final thought is, I hope everybody liked the remix of Your Rain.
It's really fun in DDR, so I look forward to that.
Also look forward to this week when it sounds like we might really be giving clues out.
So that's going to be cool, and thanks for listening to me whore myself out over the
the radio. All right. And final word of the show. Are we going to give it to Andrew? All
right, let's give it to Andrew. It's just one word that sums up the entire show, but
it can only be one word that sums everything up. Suckers. You're all suckers.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio. Orange Lounge Radio is an Orange Lounge production.
Orange Lounge Radio is hosted by Dark Sakura, Sky and Loki.
If you'd like to leave us a comment, send us an email at orangeloungeradioatyahoo.com.
And now, here's your fortune cookie message of the day.
On the starboard bow, starboard bow
Star trekking across the universe
On the Star Trek Enterprise, on the Star Trek universe
Star trekking across the universe
Fully going forward, still can't find me first
It's worse than that he's dead Jim, dead Jim, dead Jim
And it's worse than that, he's dead, Jim
Dead, Jim, dead
It's life, Jim, but not as we know it
Not as we know it, not as we know it
It's life, Jim, but not as we know it
Not as we know it
Now spare Klingons on the starboard bow
Starboard Bow. starboard Bow
Spare Klingons on the starboard bow
starboard bow, Jim
Starboard Bow
Volcano
Ah, ah, ah
We coming peace
Shoot to kill, shoot to kill, shoot to kill
We coming peace
Shoot to kill, shoot to kill, shoot to kill
It's worse than that, he's dead
I'M A CHAMPION!
You better change your script, Jim.
I'll see you, Jimmy!
First, let us finish you!
Register, enter room.
One, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine...
I don't know if I can get any more shit for all of them!
Thank you very much for listening, and we'll see you next week.
Alright, the afterbirth, the part after we fade to black, the secret part of the show,
the afterbirth where we do things that we couldn't do during the show, and you know
what guys? We haven't even really talked about this in the room, but there's one other little
thing we want to play for you guys. This is why it pays to listen. Yes it does, and it's
not DDR, it's not a DDR thing, but Secret wanted to share it with you guys anyway. It
something that hasn't been heard by a lot of people yet. The Silent Hill thing. Oh,
we're going to actually do it? Yeah, we're going to do that. It's a happy birth now.
Okay, I'm a DDR fan and all, but I'm more a Silent Hill fan. We are going to play you
a track from the US OST. It's one of the 13 special exclusive songs to the American OST.
It's Waver, slide mix.
Alright, so this is sweet.
It's a brand new US song, hasn't been heard yet, but we're gonna play it for you guys.
Waver, and it's a Kiryamoka.
It's another song of his.
See, again, that's why it pays to stay tuned to the end of the show.
Pays to stay tuned. Enjoy.
Whoops, sorry, technical difficulties, my bad.
let's try that again
Woo!
That's alright we, that's alright we that's alright we that's alright we that's alright
we that's alright we that's alright we that's alright we that's alright we that's alright
we that's alright we that's alright we that's alright we that's alright we that's alright
All right, that was pretty cool. It was from the Silent Hill US soundtrack. I kind of like
that. It's kind of...
That was kind of...
That's like your favorite one, singer?
That is totally my favorite Akira Yamaoka song. The original version of that is kind
boring but that one with the crazy like singing I was listening to it on Bart at
night at going home from work and I was seriously freaking out it was the best
it sounds kind of porno in a way does sound kind of porno all right
that's porno I like it we promised we were gonna do it one more time so if
you're back on the stream welcome to Orange Lounge radio and thanks for
tuning in to us tonight hope you catch our show next week when we shouldn't
have these listening cap problems we're gonna play your rain one more time you
Alright, here we go, here we go.
www.drslunchradio.com and www.drspot.com are proud to present the world premiere, Your
the rain, the rage mix, enjoy
Don't know what I've found
Over and over
I feel a great man now
Waiting for a gentle rain
A gentle rain
A gentle rain
On the sidewalk, on the city
Orange Silence Radio.com bringing you along with DDRSpa.com, the world premiere of Your
Rain the Rage Mix for the second time. Hope you enjoyed that. Alright, um, anything else
you guys want to say? We kind of, uh, had all that take up our afterbirth at any, uh,
post-show things. I'm going home. Yeah, you know what, I gotta drive Secret back to the
bay, so I think I gotta keep this kind of short, because it's a long drive home, but
that's alright. Um, I don't mind. And you got a way home too, right Angel? Alright,
good. Cool, everything's set. Yes, Angel? Someone call me. K, thanks, bye. Because nobody
ever calls me
i can call you
i can call you names
did you think you may call you on the phone and call you names
did you
did you want to just uh...
give out your phone number over the air so that random strangers will call you
for a good time
call five five five
yeah secret what's up
okay you guys have been doing the chat room has been grilling
and i know they're like
DDR Freak fans, or Orange Lounge fans, or fan fans.
Hopefully both after tonight's show, that's the goal.
But you guys were really patient, so I figured I'd give you one hint, because I'm nice.
No way, you're actually able to give a hint?
Totally giving one hint.
Oh, wow. Okay, very sexy. All right, what is it?
Okay, you guys might have to read into this a little bit. I know you're good at it, so it's okay.
One new song in Extreme has steps.
with up arrows.
Wow.
Up arrows. We don't see enough of them.
Do not underestimate the power
of that hint. I mean it might sound like
there's gonna be a song with music in it. No, this
is an actual hint.
With up arrows. And we like up arrows, don't we?
Although I have to say I'm partial to the right arrow or the
up by the right diagonal on
one more thing uh... you guys
extremes coming soon
also please don't forget about your next to it
is
awesome i have been leading to just talk about that much tonight they have been
to do with ultra mix too
i know uh...
some things are pretty awesome
uh... don't forget it's already been mentioned
that there are only a few
old konami originals
that will be in all yes to you read all i've heard you know what it's awesome
yeah you know what i heard the other day we were talking about this they're
changing up the fifty dollar bill
that's gonna mighty fine dollar when that comes out
all you know what
i would just like boom boom dollar k o g g three about that
okay fine up a little blatant boat
i had it before
it's okay he he
whatever
Alright, um, tonight for our post-show, um, enjoy this marathon of music from 2DX, everything
from, uh, second style through tenth style. Um, enjoy you guys, thank you very much for
tuning in and listening, great show, and enjoy, hey, Orange Lawns Radio is always on, 24-7.
Thanks, uh, for listening and supporting us. OrangeLawnsRadio.com, love you guys, good
Alright
We're headed for pre-med And soon we stand to go
Maybe they've seen us And welcome us all
So many like you to go And they still be found
I'm still not alone, it turns out
The final countdown
Final countdown, final countdown, final countdown
BOOM!
You
