That was quite interesting. So, now I guess I really am a geek.
Right.
Yeah, anyway. Uh, next?
Alright, Vandalous, how was your week, how was your day?
My week and day were fine. Well, I went to work and I did family stuff. So, pretty standard stuff for me.
Alright. Rice Princess, how was your week, how was your day?
How was my day?
How was your week, how was your day?
How was your day?
Oh.
Um.
Blah.
Just blah?
Yeah.
Alright.
Is that all you want to share?
Yeah.
Okay then.
Secret!
How was your week?
How was your day?
My week was boring.
But today was funny because I went to go get an iPod and I had the worst customer service
in the history of customer service.
When I went to pay for it, the lady at the checkout was basically demanding that I get
the service plan because she was saying it was a piece of crap.
And I swear, if she would have had a knife, she would have held it to my throat until
I got it.
And then we went to Radio Shack, and I asked if they had any accessories, like a holder
or something, and they started, like, saying it was a piece of crap thing, and Apple's
only good for one item.
So I hope they all die.
The end.
Very nice.
Alright.
Alright.
Then there was my week and my day, and my week was pretty uninteresting.
The Classic Gaming Expo I guess was my highlight.
You know, I've just been hanging out with people throughout the week.
That's all.
Nothing too exciting.
All right, I guess at this time we're going to go ahead and go to a break.
Breaks are good.
Yeah, breaks are good.
So we're going to go to a break and then we'll come back and we'll talk to Secret a little
more about Ultramix stuff.
Sound good?
Sounds good.
After this
I feel, I feel, I feel You are the only one that makes me feel this way
So, Segerd, I heard you brought a sound clip with you tonight that you wanted us all to
hear.
yes okay well you should play it I will play that for everybody
is it a hint yeah I think it might be
mama don't like tattletales
That was interesting. Good luck. Alright.
This is the end of the video, thank you so much for watching, and I'll see you in the next one.
Why?
Why?
Why?
Why?
Why?
Why?
Why?
Why?
Why?
Why?
Why?
Why?
Why?
Why?
Momma don't like tattletales.
Do you really think love can make you want to die?
Why is this a movie and you are the star?
Do it, do it, do it, do it, do it!
It's yours!
Why is this a movie and you are the star?
The beat, the beat, the beat
Orange Lounge Radio.
You put your thing down, flip it, and reverse it.
It's server made up of my head number.
It's server made up of my head number.
All right, guys.
During the break, you received the first of the clues tonight.
And this is the way it's going to work.
When we open it up, and only when we say you can guess the song,
send me a private message in the chat room when we say to,
and you'll have an opportunity to guess the song.
If you are the first person to get it right,
if you are one of our Skype users, meaning
If you go to our website, www.orangessontradio.com, and click on interact with us.
If you're right, you can be the one to announce it to everybody on the air what the song is.
If you don't have Skype, though, you can just tell in the chat room and then we'll relay
the message for you.
But again, only at certain times will you be able to submit a guest to me in the chat
room and there'll be more clues to come if that one didn't quite do it for you.
Mama don't like tattle beds.
Alright.
Anyway.
So.
I probably didn't do it for a lot of people, but it's not supposed to be easy.
All right. So Seeker, thank you for bringing the clip. I appreciate that.
Yeah, um, you're welcome.
All right, anytime.
I'm avoiding various cups, just trying to get the microphone over here.
That's right, there's just a lot of people here tonight and a lot of stuff here.
And porn.
So, how is, anything exciting going on at Konami you want to share with the rest of us?
I'll just jump right into it.
into it. There's always exciting stuff going on at Konami, whether I can share it or not.
Actually, there's an interesting thing I can talk about. Everybody who knows about the
game Rumble Roses, it's actually a pretty good game. Just so you know, it's not all
boobs. Okay, it is all boobs, but it's actually fun to play. The interesting thing about it
is that it has the mani artists doing the music
uh... we have a kiriyama oka
which you can stop right there cuz that makes it worth the purchase already
uh... it's got uh... you one
it's got death row
it has talka
it has uh... the person that is general i don't remember the name off
of my head
i'm sorry i just uh...
killed one of the cups all over her angel. How you doing? Is that water? Oh yeah, look
he says watch the cups, thanks! So, yes, what I was going to say is that yeah, it's got
an awesome cover of Yankee Rose, the song that, who is it, David Lee Roth did, that
they used in that old E3 trailer or whatever. That's pretty cool. Yeah, that actually is
a really good song um but yeah um that's the really cool thing about rumble roses um don't
know why they're in there but thank goodness they are because that means i'm gonna buy
it now all right
oh okay um yeah the songs for the most part there is one repeated song um you can actually
hear it on videos that play in game stop in eb games you'll hear look to the sky that's
in it. Also, I think that's the only repeated song. The rest of them are brand new and they
are very, very good. Me personally, I don't like DJ Taka. Yeah, I don't like his music.
But this song is so good. So yeah, I look forward to that.
Alright, so definitely Bomani fans are going to have to suffer through this TNA game.
Don't suffer! It's actually fun!
Alright, alright. I'll take your word for it.
Rob, just because you're gay doesn't mean that everybody else is going to suffer.
Alright, shut up.
You might be the only one.
Ah, be quiet.
Alright, so how's UltraMix 2 looking?
It's starting to get a little bit finalized there? Ready to roll?
UltraMix 2 is looking awesome.
Very nice.
It's very, very cool. This was said earlier in the chat room, I think.
You know, we give hints out on DDR Freak, and one of our hints to my absolute favorite song on that game, Skulk,
Cutress picked it up and linked everybody to an MP3. That was not quite correct.
It was like a remix of the song. We actually have the original version of the song in the game,
So all you trance fans and all that, you're gonna have to cry or something, because the song is not trance. It is synth-pop.
And we're actually gonna play the normal cut of the song. You brought it with you, thank you.
Yeah, because I am now obsessive about this band. I searched the Bay Area just to get the CD.
Took me quite a while, but I did find it, and I absolutely love it.
Alright, cool.
And we got cookies, which...
Oh, tell us about the cookie thing! I wanna talk about the cookie thing!
We'll do that now.
So, we have a member on the DDR Freak board that goes by the name El-Mullet, Hi El-Mullet.
Yeah, I know it's a great name, isn't it?
That's a wonderful name.
And, you know, we're giving our clues out, and I think the clue that we gave was for, like, Night in Motion.
You know, everybody comments on when we announce a song, like, oh, yay, or wow, that's crap, or I'm too indecisive.
and el mole it said something I don't remember but then his reply was like
yeah now you guys just need to announce a moonlight shadow and I'll be happy or
something like that and so since you know I know the track listing and I'm
part of the people that are giving out hints I was like okay the next hint I'm
gonna give out is moonlight shadow so I did and he like promised cookies if it
was in the game so you know we went and said moonlight shadows in the game and I
PM'd him the Konami's address. And so he sent cookies.
Somebody actually followed through on that, and he actually sent cookies. What kind of cookies?
Chewy Chocolate Chips Ahoy.
Oh, yummy.
But it was so unexpected, and me and Floatwalk were just like, you know, just kidding around about it,
the fact that he went through and did that was so awesome and he also wrote a
really nice letter. Oh, I want to read the letter. And it's going to be read on the radio.
Actually, I can't read the whole thing because it's like it's like two
pages. It's a long letter. Yeah. It's a love letter. It says, Secret, I love you, I
want to have your baby. Oh, I'm sorry. That was a different letter. That was the
letter Lanky Style was writing, I'm sorry. The part that scared me was the part
where, like on the second page, there's blood splattered on it. I was kind of like,
I need to, um, Tarai-chan, uh, not homemade, we requested Chewy Chocolate Chips Ahoy because
we had gone through our entire bag the first day we got it from, from the store, so we
wanted more.
Yeah, and to point out, by the way, if you want to interact with our chat room, head
on over to our website, www.orangelaunsradio.com and click on chat, and that's how you can
also participate in tonight's, um, clue guessing game, uh, and you'll have your first opportunity
to submit a guess, maybe you're doing a little research on that last sound clip, or maybe
There's really nothing to research at all, and we're just really fucking with you. I don't know we will soon find out
But if you have a guest you'll have your first chance to submit in a little bit, but first I want to talk about the letter
Let's do the letter. Okay. I have to find some letter reading music though. Play Moonlight Shadow, because it's symbolic or something
To all those involved with DDR Ultramix 2
you. As promised, here are the cookies. I am a man of my word, and I never expected
such a marvelous development to happen. I mean, Moonlight Shadow is my favorite license
of all time, and somehow you guys managed to obtain it. I am impressed, and I am very
thankful. I need to thank you, all of you. With your input and your new ideas, you will
be adding an incredible breath of fresh air to a slowly stagnating series.
Without the Xbox side of DDR, I'm not sure if I would be playing the game still. Sure,
the non-stop Anoni modes from the arcade and PS2 mixes are fun, but over the past couple
of years, these modes have slowly been growing old on their own. With the new innovations
the new American DDR games are receiving, the series would have become stale by now.
Sure, you can add song after song after song on a mix, but there's more to a mix than that.
And so, I offer you these cookies.
Not only for adding my favorite Japanese DDR song onto a US mix, but as a token of my appreciation.
From the game descriptions thus far, you have gone above and beyond the call of duty for
creating a new DDR game, and not simply a rehashed version of a Japanese game.
I never thought I would have become this excited over an Xbox DDR title.
Thank you for going in a different direction and not sticking with the traditional formula.
Is this one of those stories where like at the end like the paraplegic kid starts to
walk or something?
I think so.
Here's the last paragraph.
Okay.
You've earned my money, you've earned my respect, and you've earned these cookies.
Take care in your future endeavors and I wish all goes well for the release of the current
mix.
A fan, a player, and a grateful person.
Elmo it.
Now see, wasn't that awesome?
That was very nice.
I'm sad to say that the song got cut at the last minute, so there's no more Moonlight
shadow oh we got we got we got we got we got cookies so like we can really cut
that song now we'll cut like three others you shouldn't have said just
kidding because then you got another letter without cookies or cookies with
laxative in them yeah you notice y'all had to go to the bathroom after that one
of our team members did not want to eat the cookies because he thought they were
poisonous and we're like so you'll die by cookie that's like a bad thing or
something
i mean it just goes to show you that
if you're nice
uh... cough
extreme u s board cop
this is directed at you
you might get some good stuff in return so i was going to ask you about this
what i was going to corny and just ask you about this while i have you here, why the hell
aren't you posting anything in the extreme u s thread? Give us a clear answer. Have you read
the u s extreme thread? Yes I have.
i'd like to hear from you know i know why i would be most in their body here
from you know
the extreme u s thread
is very
it to put it in a nice way is a very
annoying and stupid
uh...
but and elmo
signature
sums up the best
this is what goes on the the thread there
being it we want our american mixes to be more japanese
it's just like
if you want the japanese games get the japanese ones if you want the american
games
to be jeff
it will
they go play in the arcade if you want it at home
do something else but quit whining that your mix is not exactly like the japanese
one it never will be
and so
yet we have some people we don't like unfair
well uh...
and it is don't hold back now they think
i think they know what they're talking about
why so-and-so isn't in this version and why this looks like this
they don't know anything
and so we get a a good laugh out of the extreme thread
yeah that's about it
that's all that's good for now
well plus
you have the song list for extreme right? yeah i've played extreme
i know all the unlocks i know all the courses and the unlocks are gonna stay unlocks right?
the unlocks are gonna stay unlocks
extreme is done
okay pretty much i mean it comes out the end of september
you guys can wait
yeah i know it's like
The poor UltraMix people, they don't even know their initial song list yet.
And that only comes out a couple months after.
So we're paying attention to them because, you know, they have, I'm guessing, around
twenty songs announced so far.
It's probably even less than that.
And you guys have a whole forty-five, I think?
So this is just catching up.
Tonight we'll have twenty-one, hopefully somebody will get it.
Tonight's twenty-one, yeah.
I mean, it doesn't matter.
In fact, you know what guys?
Here's your first chance.
For the next three minutes, you can send me a private message if you have a guess on what the song is, and if you get it right, you get to tell everybody.
So here it is, send a private message to Sky in the chatroom with your guess.
If you guys honestly get it off that one clue, I might have to send you cookies.
And when you say cookies, it's a metaphor for something else, right?
Yeah, it's probably like me boxed up with a little bow tie.
Okay, anyway.
Vandalus is our official timekeeper, by the way, and he'll let you guys know in the chat
room when your time is up, so.
Alright.
Okay, so, um, so, Ultramix 2, and Xtreme, do we have a firm release date for either
one yet?
I don't know what you can and can't say.
No.
We don't have a firm release date.
We just know September-ish.
You know what?
Xtreme might have one, off the top of my head, I'm not sure what was said in the press release.
You have to go by what's said in the press release.
I might have a more specific date, I might not.
Just look forward to it towards the end of the month.
Extreme or not extreme, UltraMix, we're shooting for November sometime.
So you know when you pick up Halo 2, pick up UltraMix 2.
Just get the ones that have number 2 in them, just remember that.
But more specifically the one with UltraMix in the title as well.
It's a really great game.
That's all I really can say about it, I guess.
Alright, sounds good.
I'm trying to get the Echo Image song, Skulk.
Okay.
Tell us a little bit about this song.
I don't know if you can talk about where it comes from or anything,
but I don't know what you can say or what you can't say.
Let me, okay.
Echo Image, the song Skulk, is U.S. exclusive, obviously.
Not economy original.
It's... I won't say...
Let me think here. You don't have to say anything more if you don't want to.
When you play the game, there will be a few songs
that you'll notice the background images have URLs in them.
This will be one of them. So...
Yeah. Just know that it's a really good song
and it's probably my favorite, but as everybody can tell you, I have
really bad taste in music. Oh, no. No, seriously, like, like, oh, shut up! Kiriyama is the best
thing that's ever happened to the... I know, but I was being... joking, too. Um... I'm
confused now, great. Um, yeah, so, uh, Echo Image, Skulk, awesome, you guys have been
led astray by Cutriss, because the song you guys have been downloading from Amazon, it
It doesn't sound anything like the actual song, really.
But we are gonna play the actual song?
Yeah, we're gonna have the actual song up here.
And, actually what I'm gonna do, I'm gonna leave the microphones on, if, now it's cool
you can do this, right?
You're gonna tell us kinda what portions of the song.
Yeah.
So this is the first time we've really done anything like this, you're gonna tell us kinda
what portions of the song are actually in the game.
Yeah.
Alright.
Just because, I don't know, back when Max 2, Max 1 USA came out, I know people were
like, you leave me alone so awesome, and then what did they do?
it took like one part of the song this is just music and so i kind of don't
want that happen again people you disappointed
well i'm i'm waiting on that i'm kinda stretching time here's a meeting for the
three minutes to run out here that was his keeping time and uh... let me check
the guesses we got three guesses so far
no that's not it white rob
that's not it and j and you know only one gals when we close the windows but
you should read what they they put so i can laugh oh um...
forgot the one that white rob guests sorry
uh... and j f i two four i only take the first guess only get one guess uh...
turn uh... he says the theme to take tracy
and whatever that comes from
nigma says
my guess is one something from elvis or two memories
uh... pointing that's not specific so no and for second thing
i went ok all about what number one i think that something from elvis but
But that's not a song name, so I have to throw that guess out, so you gotta give me song
name and title.
And we prefer on the board reasoning as well, you can't be like, cause you might be able
to get some stab in the dark and like, get a song right, but if you don't have reasoning,
then we're not gonna tell you.
And lastly, last pick here, Jazz is saying Silent Hill STFU mix.
Nice guess, but no.
Cutress is in our chat room and he's saying he's being schooled by you.
Oh, there's nothing but love between us, Cutress.
Honestly, I think the mix that we're gonna play here that
Seacred's got, it's not that much different. It's just that the one
that was on the site was a little more trance-y. But I liked it.
Personally, I thought it was a great track. I don't like it. I don't like that mix.
I can't fault him for that because he was just going off
know what he saw so you know I'm not really making fun of him right now all
right the other thing I'd like to mention that the whole genre synth pop
at least you know my basing it off of this one group it's pretty much trance
mixed with industrial anyways so yeah I mean it's not that it's a little happier
too yeah it's like it's like if you were to take goth music and make it happy and
And add trance to it. There you go
Yes, like so is this a new mic
Little bit of information for you to if you didn't know but all trance and techno and all things derivative are all just disco so
All right, you ready to play the song actually wait one thing I want to point out
Where did you finally find this album? I finally found it after a long time of searching at a Rasputin Records
in San Francisco. I had been searching the whole Bay Area. I went to all the
little shops I could find, and then I lucked out, and they had one copy, and
they held it for me. And where was it? Where was it? In the Goth section. In the
Goth section. So the music you're about to hear is Goth, according to... Technically, yes. If you
trust Rasputin's titling of their music, it's it's a Goth. All right. Here we go.
here's a song and I'm gonna leave the microphones on so studio just you know
the microphones are still hot you know I'll just tell you what part isn't in it
instead of telling you you know this is it starts okay then you tell us what
parts are in it oh okay here we go
Okay, yeah, this is obviously the intro to the song, but we have that too.
You know, this part right here actually is also in it.
The section of the music that sounded just like this a second ago, that's not in it.
There's a bit of a difference.
the difference.
This part here is not in the game at all, so whenever the guy is seen by himself like this, it's not in there.
Which is not a big loss, even though I think the song is good.
This music right here is still not in it
Trust me, there is music in this song that we have, so it's, I don't, it's the chat room
people like, they know what they're talking about too.
Once again, he's singing, so that means it's not the game.
Yeah, pretty much we have the beginning of the song and the end of the song.
We mix that...
What mix?
This is on UltraMix.
Two.
Okay, this music, we actually have. So, rejoice in it or something.
The first time I heard this, it was like 80s music, but maybe I just know it's from pop.
Okay, actually, from here on out, the rest is an UltraMix, so, cool.
So, let it keep me hanging on
Understand me now
The frequent of the beat gets higher
So yeah, this song will definitely, um, from people I've talked to that have heard this song, they think it's probably gonna be the breakout song for this mix.
Um, and this music right here is not actually in the game, I lied.
Um, so just up until the point where he kinda fades out is in the game.
I'll let the last 30 seconds of the full mix play out.
Yeah, now isn't this totally a goth song? Shouldn't you be wearing black nail polish and makeup?
Yeah, now isn't this totally a goth song? Shouldn't you be wearing black nail polish and makeup?
Alright, that's Echo Image with Skulk, with Seager doing some narrations there about what's in and not in the game.
My new favorite band! I love it!
So, you were kind of saying over there, they might not have heard it, what was kind of the reaction of the song around The Office from the testers?
People think it's a really great song, and it's probably going to be like the breakout song for the game.
for the game. I mean, it's from a band you've never heard of, and so now you'll know that
what? It's like, you can go find their CDs if you hunt hard enough, or actually you can
get online pretty easily, but I wouldn't be surprised if we do Ultramix 3 or something
or something, that we might have to pay a lot of money to get some
band like this now. If it really is that well-received.
I think it's a great song and I agree I think it's gonna be one of those songs that
suddenly the band is gonna get noticed by all these DDR people, they're gonna be like
why all these DDR people go away?
But I think it's a great song. It's kinda like, I kinda compared it to Dark Black
Forest which I sorta saw as kinda like a breakout song from Max USA. I know a lot of
people kinda feel
about it, but it was kind of a song like nobody knew who the hell that guy was
And then a lot of people were like, hey, but the song's pretty cool, except for that vocal part.
Where are we going?
Now here's what they need to do.
Because there's going to be, of course, a lot of these commercial artists,
some of which might not be known.
They need to do what they've done with DDR Extreme
and do their live shows, tour these people that you might not have heard of before,
and do these songs in a giant tour. That'd be awesome.
The kind of sad thing about it, though, since I'm now a huge fan of this band,
is that this song is back from, like, 2001, and I believe it's the singer has left the band.
So, actually, if you go to their website, echoimage.com, I believe, they have new tracks that they're working on up for download,
or they did last time I checked, to kind of show off some of their new stuff.
I haven't actually listened to their new stuff yet, but this CD's good, so I guess that's all that matters.
Alright, so hope you enjoyed that track. Anybody else want to comment on the song?
Yeah, I think Denise Richards has a really big butt.
But it has nothing to do with the song.
Shush.
Shame on you.
Anybody else want to comment on?
No.
Rice Princess, I know you go to, well, I'll get back to Rice Princess.
Let Dark Sakura make her comment.
Rice Princess, just give the mic to somebody.
Give it to Dark Sakura.
She's the host.
She gets to talk.
I'm sorry.
All right.
I'm so sorry.
Rice Princess, I know you go to a lot of golf clubs sometimes.
Is that, or at least one.
Is that a song you'd expect to hear there?
Well, you know...
As the night is tragic!
It doesn't sound like a bat, so, no, I'm kidding.
No, it doesn't.
It doesn't sound anything like I would hear at
a Goth club. I could definitely hear that at an industrial type club.
Something that would play like, you know, KM FDM and stuff like that could definitely go into this.
You got Goth served.
Yeah, it's just a little too techno. Maybe I'm just
like used to more of the stuff that was like out in the 90s.
Maybe the new Goth stuff is different, but
I don't know. I haven't really heard a lot of new
Gothic music, so.
Also, I wanted to point out while I was looking for this CD in the Goth section,
I found stuff like Delirium in there, which I don't think there's...
Delirium? No, that was the other one.
yeah that's right
you know the whole thing that's been going on with the gothic scene nowadays
they're all gravers
and if you don't know what a graver is
like a gothic raver
who is open the door dammit
chamber door
you do not touch the cable modem
don't even look at it
walk in
enter
move towards away from the cable modem
there you go
We got explicit. Again, for those who are just joining us tonight, Comcast's modem that we have from them has been giving us issues all week, so we're afraid that if anybody looks at it funny, we're going to disconnect, and all you guys will get dropped from the show, and we'll have to reconnect, and all that ugly stuff.
Oh sure, don't introduce our guest.
Oh yeah, explicit's here. Well, he's been here every week, so...
We have to...
They know who he is.
Alright.
Jamie, you had a comment you wanted to make earlier we weren't able to get to.
Yeah, you raised your hand trying to grab the mic and you didn't get it.
I like the song. Okay.
Right on. So like on a cage match scale of one to ten?
Eight.
Eight?
I mean, it was kind of repetitive and then it changed.
It's like, I was sort of like falling back into the whole, okay, this is cool.
Oh wait, it's different now. So, that was good.
I like songs that sort of get me stuck on a pattern and then change suddenly.
So it's pretty cool.
Right on.
I listen to it.
So, I'm trying to think if there's any other UltraMix or Extreme-related questions that we can ask Seagurd before we-
What color's the box?
Stop.
Uh, what uh, actually I have questions about other Konami games.
I can try to answer them.
Can you give us any new news on Silent Hill 4 The Room, other than the fact that it's
coming out soon?
It's really fun, and I've beaten it many times, because I, yeah, um, no, it's coming out for
Xbox here. That and PC, I guess. That's the big thing about Silent Hill 4 here. And the
soundtrack, which we kind of talked about a couple weeks ago. It was really good. And
it's still really good.
Jamie managed to get a copy of it, right? From the store?
Yeah. It's available now. I think it's really only for pre-orders. And people who live with
GameStop employees, apparently. Those cheaters. Not supporting Silent Hill 4.
Oh, if it's pre-ordered, it's cool then. But yeah, Silent Hill 5 has recently been talked
about out on the internet. It won't happen until the next generation of consoles, which
is sad. And, you know, at the same time, it could be really good. Yeah, not until the
next generation consoles. They actually really haven't decided which brand they're going
going to, if they're going to Microsoft or Sony. They'll probably do both, but yeah.
So that's up with Silent Hill stuff, I guess. Any news you can give us on Gradius 5, other
than, well, I guess we all saw the Classic Gaming Xbox, right?
Yeah, it's like coming out September 6th. What else can I, you already caught up on
Rumble Roses, what else is coming out of Super Konami, Suicoden IV?
It was originally slated for a hopeful November release. It is now pushed back into January,
which makes me sad. Thank goodness my copy will be here next week, the Japanese
one at least, so I'll get to play some of that. Okay, we have a question. Hold on.
Yes. East 6. It's pretty cool. I've not really had a chance to play it.
I've watched a little bit of it. I know there are some people complaining about
about some issues that Konami is doing with the game, like the sprite models or something,
how they're 3D now instead of 2D. I don't understand the complaints, but yeah, it looks
pretty good, really nice, graphically.
Did you say somebody was complaining that they changed the sprites from 2D to 3D for
E6, because the game was originally all in 3D?
what I'm saying but you know internet people can be stupid yeah it's not it's
not comics decision you can't blame the company that's just bringing it out or
you can I guess if they did the same exact thing when Suikoden 3 came out
because they went to the crappy looking blocky 3d models if they they they
looked it's it's okay for Suikoden 4 is like the best looking game in that
I can't believe you work for Konami and you're not corrupted and play Yu-Gi-Oh like all the other employees do.
Not all the other employees, just a select few.
and sent it around the internet saying that it was a PC version of Silent Hill 1, even though there was never been a PC version of Silent Hill 1.
Has Konami ever, like, said anything about this? Have they noticed this and said, like, hey, or anything about it?
Um, I have never heard of that personally, and I pretty much can say that there never was a Silent Hill PC version.
Once again, it's the internet full of stupid people
But yeah, if it were if there were a Silent Hill PC version, I would be one of the people to know about it. So
Crazy question from the chat room and I think even I could answer this one
But okay
let me let me break their hearts once to know about the Simpsons arcade game ever possibly coming out on Gameboy Advance and
I can answer this
Acclaim does all the licenses for The Simpsons, correct? Not Konami?
Yeah, this is kind of related. We got an email from some stupid person asking, yeah I know it's great, I think of them highly, asking us to bring out a Final Fantasy 7 fighting game.
And it was the funny...
Well, yeah, there's Eregas, but I really don't remember when we merged with Square Enix, so...
Squeenixnami!
Squeenixnami!
Squeenami!
I like Squeenami, I have to say.
Squeenami.
There's some funny people that send in some great emails, and that's just one of their best ones.
I want to know if you guys are going to release a good Ridge Racer.
I really like the Pac-Man car.
Alright, we've got to get the show moving, because we've got a ton of Imani news to get to too,
and I think Seagrid wants to give some more clues soon.
Alright, let's get into tonight's cage match, shall we?
The way the cage match works is that we play three songs for you, each host, myself, Loki,
and Dark Sacra.
We each pick one song to play for you guys, and you're going to pick your favorite of
the three songs.
And the winning song goes into rotation all week long on Orange Lounge Radio in our Bomani
Music and More program, which is on the air 24 hours a day, seven days a week.
We have to be in our chat room to participate though, www.orangeloungeradio.com and click
on chat.
And we're going to do the first song, which won last week, and it was a track that was
by Outfaze, although we all deemed it to be fake, not really an Outfaze song, but for
whatever reason you guys liked it anyway, and it was Loki's pick, and the song is new
on and it won last week, so we only get to hear a clip of it because it was the winner.
So here it is, not out phase with Nuon, last week's winner.
Oh
Alright, that was song number one in tonight's cage match, DJ Taka and Tack with Outfaze
and Nuon.
Next up in tonight's cage match is Jamie's pick, but first, Seagurd, didn't you bring
something else you wanted to play for our listeners tonight?
He's nodding yes, they can't hear him because he's in the kitchen, but I'll go ahead and
play this sound clip that Sigurd wanted me to play for you guys that's it oh he's
loud here here it is one more time hmm interesting well you know what we're
gonna help you guys out though I happen to have the website that that sound clip
came from so enjoy one more time all right and I posted that website in our
chat room, have fun kids. Alright, back into our cage match. Song number two is from Jamie
Tonight, and what is your pick tonight, Jamie? Something from Basement Jaxx, I don't remember.
The song was Lucky Star, if you needed it. Oh yeah, Lucky Star from Basement Jaxx. Alright,
any particular reason you wanted to pick this song? Cause I like it. Alright. I was high
Alright, here it is, Basement Jaxx with Lucky Star, it's song number two in tonight's cage match. Enjoy!
but not obliviously
systematically and vigorously
society became so guilty
just quick to move on
nothing that helps us
we went up so ridiculously
beauty portrayed so innocently
us natives act immigrately
we were carrying on to poverty
little justice crammed the wall
i was born in a court of the prophet
yes i was a stan
just put money on trial
robbery started affecting me
kept me in the sky
in the old field
i watched state music
see a state
to the front
get to the house on the hill
I'm living straight up a reason, pecking, crying
I've come far in a little long way
I would just like to say I feel fine
Cause I will die for a little long day
The streets right here don't pay so great
I was letting in a little long stay
I would just like to say I feel great
So don't make me lost
Won't you lie back? I've been doing money for a trip
Let's move on, we'll begin
Won't you lie back, boy? And let's have a world war
Call and not be rude
Won't you lie back, radio one, two, three
Pay your taxes till the neighbors see
Won't you lie back? I'm sitting here for a school break
I'll be, I'll be, I'll be
Oh
Welcome back to song number two of Bassman Jaxx with Lucky Star.
Let's go around and see what the folks in here thought, but remember, it's up to you
guys in the end, so you have to be in our chat room too, I guess.
Uh, dark saccharine.
I like songs with like a lot of beat and a lot of rhythm, but like a lot of substance. It's not too high
I'm putting an air sounding, you know
That one was really good and solid to me
I mean something that if I really want to listen to substantial music I'd listen to that and so I'd give it about a
nine
Not attentive. It's not that touch of
but
It gets nice. Alrighty
I'll go next. Um, I thought it was kind of cool
It actually kind of reminded me just a little bit of some of the j-pop stuff you've been playing for me lately
I think I can see why you like that one
Just a little bit like it kind of sounds like a bit of that end flow a little bit
I'm not so sure I dig the rapping, but I like the instrumentation quite a bit. So
Seven and a half eight ish somewhere in there Jonas
explicit, sorry
Call me and eat some stuff.
Um...
Okay, okay, okay, no kidding.
Okay, daddy.
Okay, not everything, sorry.
Anyways, I'll give it an 8 out of 10.
Pretty good.
I wouldn't give it, like, a 9 out of 10,
because they have some flaws and stuff, but...
It's not perfect, but it's pretty good for someone to listen to.
All right. Angel?
Good instrumental. I liked it in school.
And you know what I mean by when I say instrumental, so...
Um, probably Solid 8.
Alright, Solid 8 from Angel.
Secret and Rice Princess, do you guys have a comment on this one?
On this song, bass and jam.
We're doing Cage Match? I'm eating a cookie.
So I give the cookie an 8.
Alright, I'm not even going to ask Rice Princess what smartass thing she has to say.
I'm just going to go to the next song, which is my song!
And, um, as I promised last week, I am bringing in Danny Minogue this week.
week, except this is not one of her songs. It's a song featuring Danny Minogue, so it's
just her vocals. And actually, the artist is Riva, who did a really good remix of I.O.
with Rapture. I don't know if you guys know that song, but if you know that song you heard
in clubs, they did that remix. It's really awesome. So this is Riva, featuring Danny
Minnow with who do you love now? Enjoy!
When you toss it off your head, you're too far from perfection, perfection
We're an empty world, we're an empty world
And it's hard to break it, heaven
We love you
And it's hard to break it, heaven
We love you
We love you
I know you're coming just for me I try to remember what I've been through
Cause it goes along transfusions
Cause it's down to gray I see
How can life not seem so pretty, so pretty
Fighting to breathe
Fighting to breathe
Fighting to breathe
You're fighting to breathe
And it's hard to break it, haven't
Who do you love now?
And it's hard to break it, haven't
Who do you love now?
And it's hard to break it, have it And it's hard to break it, have it
All right, that was song number three in tonight's cage match.
Reva featuring Danny Minogue.
Who do you love now?
Let's see if it was loved now or hated now.
Dark Sakura.
It's Trancy.
And I like trance, but I've lately just been so burned on.
Trancy Trancy.
But it was really good.
So, um, I'll give it a seven and a half to eight, so yeah, it was good, it was really,
it was really solid.
Alright.
Sounds good.
Uh, me voting.
And her voice didn't annoy me this time.
Me voting?
I think it's great.
I give it a nine.
Enough said.
Uh, Loki.
Hi, my name's Danny Monod.
I don't have an original bone in my body.
She's basically Kylie Monod Two.
I'm gonna take everything that she makes and make it my own, yeah!
One thing you should know if you were paying attention to the chatroom, they're talking
about how they took Kylie Minogue's leg, cut it off, and grew it in a giant nascent jar
with toothpicks to grow Danny.
Hey, that's cool, you know, if you wanted to do that to like, you know, some of the
other hot chicks out there.
I'd be down with that.
That's all we need is hot clones.
Screw cloning ugly people.
Oh yeah, I give it a seven because it was eh.
Uh, TDR Angel, what did you think of that one?
I liked it, duh.
I mean, we all know why, right?
I guess I'll give it an 8. No, I'm not trying to copy myself from last time, I just thought that, yeah.
Right, an 8 from Angel. Jonas? 8. 8, simply 8. Simply just sounds like the same, but still pretty good.
Is anybody in the kitchen, Seeger, Rice Princess, and Linktail have a comment on that one?
And they say hi, and we like the cookies all right fair enough
All right, we got to do the voting fast tonight. So please think about your vote and
We're going to play a quick recap of the three songs you can vote for tonight song number one last week's winner
Not out phase with a new on
Alright, song number two tonight, Basement Jax with Lucky Star.
All right, song number three, Riva featuring Danny Minogue,
Who Do You Love Now?
The way I feel, how can my love feel?
No feeling, no feeling, fighting to me.
All right, those are the three songs.
Place, vote now, and you only have a minute to vote,
so please place your vote now.
And we got to hurry up and get through this
because I do want to open up guessing.
Not yet, do not send guesses on the song yet,
But I'm going to open it up as soon as Cage Match voting is over, so please hurry. Send a private message to Sky in the chat room with your vote.
You know what that song sounded like, though? That Danny Minogue song? It sounded like that one, um, Atari Hikaru, uh, song, um, that was like, you know, Devil or some- Devil Inside, I don't know. What was that? One song? I don't remember the name.
Oh, the one I played a couple weeks ago, the Devil Inside song? I'd bring it up, but it's going to take too much.
It sounds just like that. It has the same beat to it.
Well, maybe those are just songs I, uh, really enjoy this week, I don't know.
Or maybe because Danny Minogue can't be original!
I don't know, I don't know what to tell you. Uh, Seagurd, I hate, I hate to tear you away from the conversation, but I had a really good question come in.
During, while the cage match was going on. Oh, I know. God, you mean you gotta come talk to Rob? God, he's gonna yell at me again.
I completely understand. Okay, what are these people interrupting my conversation in the kitchen for?
Alright, let's see, the question was...
Who is it by? So I don't know if I'm actually going to address it.
Cutris. Is that microphone going out?
I don't know, is it? Probably. I'm just hearing a lot of static.
Oh, it's the cords. Alright, careful guys.
Was DDR involved at all in Konami's Friday
press event? GameStop's coverage didn't have anything in it at all, even though it is
covered
in Karaoke Revolution Xbox, or I'm sorry, even though it did cover
Karaoke Revolution Xbox and Karaoke Revolution 3.
To my knowledge, I don't believe there's any DDR information,
but you have to understand that we have lives on the weekend,
and I didn't even know until today that there was a press event on,
what, Friday? So, like, I first heard about that stupid Suikoden 4 pushback
today, and as Rob can attest, I was kind of vocal and loud and angry about it,
But yeah, I don't think anything was announced.
Your best source of information will always be something you'll hear from the Vivid members on DDRFreak.
And Orangeless.
That microphone's going out, can we get some electric tape on that?
God dammit! Stop breaking the damn mic!
I'm gonna kill all you people!
You keep replacing mics every week because you keep swinging them around!
Or maybe he's spilling soda on them!
I am microphone...
If you guys are coming out completely on that microphone...
I'm gonna go to...
I'm gonna go to kind of like an emergency break here while we uh...
Fix the microphone, so let's go to...
Let's see, I'm gonna tally up the cage match votes here.
Let's see, stop it.
Let's go to...
It works fine.
No, see, you can hear it.
you can hear it all right let's just go to err and we'll be back
All right, we're back, and hopefully we have that microphone fixed.
Not sure.
you yelled at it and it works?
who's got it now?
why can't you people talk to her?
see? it's not working right now
woah! I pushed it in and it sounds like it's working now
see? I told you something was going on there
it's because it doesn't like her, it likes me
this microphone likes me, just see, look, it's working just fine now
cause I used my secret woman power on it
and now it works
alright
Use the power of estrogen on this microphone
The power of estrogen compels me I
Need a young priest in an old priest. All right, I need some split pea soup
I'm getting the last few votes for cage match titled
It's too late to submit a vote a lot of votes for that song coming in at the last minute
it but it doesn't look like it's gonna be enough to top this one who is one for
this week's cage match once again not out phase with new on a lot of votes
they're coming in at the last second for basement jacks but not enough and
actually Danny Minow almost tied it almost tied about two votes short
Britney Spears see they you know they like they only heard the last part of
Britney Spears thing Britney Spears next week that's it all right next week
next week I make you all listen to toxic all right or like more j-lo I want to
talk about some other Bahmani news that came up oh by the way by the way now you
guys you can submit three minutes you guys to submit a guest for the new
Ultramix 2 song based off of two clues we've given you tonight send a private
message to sky if you have a guest remember the winner will get to be the
first to say what it is because we'll say that they were right and then they
can tell and they can tell us over Skype if you go to our website and do the
interact with us feature you can tell us through Skype it's pretty cool so you
have three minutes to submit a guest so I suggest you do so meanwhile I want to
talk about some other Bomani news that came up this week and let's see that
news would be about the all the Bomani games that were announced for earlier
this week such as pop and music 10 is coming out November 18th also coming out
November 18th 8th style 2d x8 style will be out for the home versions so this is
some big news. We get two Bimani games in one day. Also announced initially was this
new thing called DDR Festival. It was something called DDR Festival, but then Konami pulled
it off their page, but... What, Seagurd? Seagurd, come here and tell us about this.
I don't know why people are like, oh, they took it down, it's not real. It's a real game.
People are taking pre-orders for it. Shut up.
Is there anything you can tell us about DDR Festival?
Not really. Festival.
No, not really. I know a little bit of stuff, but nothing I can actually say.
Alright, nothing you can actually say, that's fine. Alright, anything you've heard about the pop music and the 8 style stuff?
That's all, like, Konami of Japan stuff, and, you know, it's all taken care of over there, so.
Alright.
If it comes through our offices, though, you won't hear about it till it comes out.
Because it'd be, like, a huge thing, probably.
Alright, so, what was your guys' reaction? Because I know that there's been a lot of, like, kind of question, like,
like when's 10th pop music 10 gonna be announced because I even know that Navi our
resident pop music horror was here a couple weeks ago and he was kind of like
what usually about now would be when they're announcing pop in town but they
haven't yet and then to kind of get eight style without a two-year wait
like we felt like we had last time. Konami had huge success with seven style
so obviously it made sense them to bring out eight. As for pop music if you're
worried about that going away anytime soon just look at the arcade one it's
It's like on, you know, Popping Music 387, since they came out daily, pretty much.
D.E.R. was a surprise, though, that's for sure.
Yeah.
It's Japan.
But, well, I guess you probably can't say if there's any truth to the iToy thing or
not, but I know that's a rumor that's going around.
That is a rumor indeed.
All right.
But you can neither confirm or deny it.
That's fine.
No.
All right.
So, what about, like, I know you said this before on the show, something about 2DX8 style
coming out was the biggest thing for you, and now here's the news, November 18th.
7th Style, I really like the soundtrack a lot, because to me that's the Kiryamoka soundtrack, you know, it's got the most Kiryamoka tunes as any soundtrack.
Oh yeah, 5th, it's got a lot too, but every single Kiryamoka song on 7th is my favorite, which is kind of weird, 3 songs being my favorite, but whatever.
So I like 7th Style, but I hated the, you know, obviously the price tag is way too high, and the whole, like, the whole problems we had to go through just to get it, you know, going on the Japanese site and getting fake, you know, information just to get them to send it here.
So then when I heard about this coming out, I was just like, wow, awesome, because 8th Style is definitely my favorite soundtrack, period. I mean, just, I can listen to the 8th Style soundtrack from beginning to end, and there's probably only one song on there I don't like, Monkey Dance. Anyway.
I love Monkey Dance, you shut up.
Yeah, I bet you love Monkey Dance, you monkey lover.
Shut up.
But yeah, so that's awesome. I just hope it means that they'll continue to make these games for home versions, because I'd like to see 9th style.
You know, I'd love to play a 9th style and a 10th style that doesn't have a fucking lag or timing issue, you know?
So, hopefully they'll continue to make them.
I mean, even if they're not going to keep making DDR stuff, Japanese DDR games, then hey, 2DX is my original love anyway.
Alright.
Or BeatMania, whatever.
Anybody else have anything they want to say on Pop'n Music 10 or 2DX8 style?
Angel's coming up to say something.
Gotta make my order, you know.
I am going to be so broke between all the games in the U.S. coming out.
Oh God, I just want to scream. It's so horrible.
I mean, it's great, but at the same time my bank account is crying.
Angel.
Hey, here goes the mic again. Oh, never mind. I can't hear myself. Yay!
uh... yes so
i am definitely going to buy a txt and
public and
uh... hopefully the orange it's on
txt because yeah it's orange
i was trying to make a pun there but i guess it just did
and uh... ten hoping to hang out there
okay there
uh... probably ten obviously uh...
jenny's cuz katie's cool
uses
I think we're going to go to, oh, I wanted to do some more, um, song guesses real fast.
Can somebody tell Seagurd to come in real fast?
Tell Seagurd to come in real fast. They went outside to have a smoke or something.
Sorry, I got more guesses.
Alright, here we go. More guesses, Seagurd.
Okay.
Alright, voting is, er, your guest time is closed for right now.
Um, let's see. White Rob says, um, Giluami tell.
Well, well, that's not what they said.
But Jamie, I'm just saying what they said. Okay, Jamie says William tell.
No. It's not in any way. Oh, I get it. It's French. Well, I'm too,
you know, honky. Not French. Alright. That was some good reasoning, though.
What was the reasoning? Um, because something about,
he said something about tattletales and then something about the galloping was
supposed to symbolize the
William Tell overture, because Tell, I don't know. Okay. I mean, you know,
you can come up with good reasoning and I'll give you, you know, a thumbs up for that, but it's still wrong.
MJSI24 says, across the nightmare. No.
No reasoning also, so even if it was right, I wouldn't tell you.
And then we have, uh, let's see...
Cabut says, bad girls by Julia Roberts just because of that
quote we played earlier. No. No. Alright. But hey, you gave reasoning. That's good.
I guess we'll have to do another hint somewhat soon. Yeah. Alright. We're going to take a
break and we'll be back to talk about more stuff. Maybe we'll get into the FUs of the
week pretty soon. That sounds like an idea to me. We're going to get into the FUs of
the week when we come back so you can send FUs to Sky in the chat room after this break
featuring music from Poppin' Music 10 and 2DX8 style. We'll be back.
Alright, uh, we had more we wanted to play, but Seagurd, you had something you wanted to ask me about.
Yeah, you know that...
Wait, use my microphone.
You know that game show back in the day, that Let's Make a Deal?
Yeah, I've heard of that show.
Remember when they would pick the wrong curtain and that funny thing would happen?
Like, yeah, yeah, yeah, the goat and stuff? Yeah, that was great.
Yes, yes, I think so too.
It was clue-a-riffic.
I think so too.
You
Are you ready to dance through the night?
Begging the root of my heart, it was right there
Should you read your magic?
Under the moonlight
Bounds of light, the bloody feet of
Love what's me, I don't know why
Do you understand this move?
From the hell that God is watching me?
Monkey dance, monkey dance
Like a star
Shake your body down
Move your body down, step on the monkey down
Let's get together, hold on for your baby
Monkey dance, monkey dance, let me share
Move your body down, step on the monkey down
Look at this building, do the razzle-doo tonight
For some reason, it's come to my attention that not everybody may have picked up what
Secret and I were talking about there before that song, so can we grab Secret again real
fast? Tell him I'm really sorry, but for some reason, some people didn't hear it, so we'll
do it one more time. Secret, I'm sorry. For some reason, people couldn't hear what you
were asking me about. I have no idea what the hell's going on, but some people missed
it, so again, we'll use my mic here. You wanted to ask me about something during this break.
It's not going to be as cool this time, but hey, you know that show, that game show, Let's
Make a Deal?
Yes, I still remember that show, that's the one where they dress up and shit, right?
Yeah, wasn't it, or do you remember that thing, you know, when they picked the wrong door
or curtain?
I do remember that with the goats and stuff.
Yeah, that was awesome, wasn't it?
Why, yes, I think it was, and I think it's really great that you're asking me about it.
Isn't it clue-rific or hint-tastic?
Please listen to Orange Lounge Radio, because real radio makes Captain Jack cry.
We are back, and some of you guys are probably doing a little bit of research right now.
I'm very interested in some of the stuff I'm reading in the chatroom. Very interesting theories going on there.
So I can't wait to open it up to do another round of guesses, because I think maybe somebody could get it this time.
I think other people are just thinking we are completely smoking crack, which wouldn't be too far from the truth, actually.
And you know, if you read the Extreme Thread, we like to throw out stuff that doesn't make any sense, or might not be a clue.
This is actually an honest-to-goodness clue, I'll say that right now, so if you're thinking we're just blowing smoke up, nah, we're not.
If somebody gets the song tonight, so we actually get to play the song, then we will explain all the clues as well.
And you're gonna hit yourself, or not, or you'll still think we smoke crack, which is fine. You can go ahead and think that. Screw you.
screw you alright so now we're gonna get into tonight's F use of the week I
advise you though that if you send your F you via the chat room it better be good
or it may not be read because there's a lot of people in the shower tonight we
are only gonna have to be selective in reading chat room F use tonight so Jamie
though this is your baby right the F use of the week and why why do we love the
F use of the week and I can't hear you but you go that mic thing I have to have
an outlet somehow. Alright, here we go.
My first F.U. goes towards the great amount of roadkill I saw on Madison. Lots and lots
and lots of roadkill. Seriously, I like passed by like, at least six dead squirrels. One
of them looked like missing a head, it was gross. And then there was this big pile of
blood and gore. I'm so glad the chatroom could not hear what you just said. I remember one
time though, coming up here, I uh, I couldn't, by the way to Cutress, I can't read private
I can't read private messages since I'm on the main cabinet, so I'm not at home.
So, don't send me any private messages, please.
Sorry.
If you want to send me a message to get it later, just send me on Dr. Sakura SSF, but
I'll read it when I get home.
Anyway, a big SU to sinuses and allergies for totally just screwing with my head today.
I'm on so much medication that it's not even funny.
like my poor cat she's like mama love me and she gets in my lap and I'm like get
out of my lap you're shedding in my nose. So I had to push her off and then a big
epi to people who tailgate me when like people are going 15 miles under the
speed limit in front of me and there's nobody in front of them and like I
couldn't change lanes because I was like a block away from here it would have
been pointless to change us and then like the guy suddenly turns I'm like you ass so I
I was just completely pissed off and also and this is not like a true f you because I adore my fiance
but when I don't want to be touched stop trying to hold my hand I
Would I say and go if I'm here messing and I don't want you to hold my hand or be lovey. Don't do it
Get get my clue. Don't do it. Give woman space, please
and
And then, I don't know, I sort of lost my thunder there for a little bit, so...
I'm sorry.
That's really got on my nerves, I'm sitting here, I'm trying to drink my Pepsi at breakfast,
and like, I'm so tired and aggravated and everything, and Dan's like,
I want to hold your hand.
And also, F-you to people who called during the show, don't call the home line during the show.
Unless you don't know the show exists, then you're forgiven.
Okay, I guess that was a good one.
Alright.
Also, um, F you to having to install more crap on my computer when my computer space is supposed to be taken up by Stargate episodes.
Okay, so bye.
Alright, uh, Loki, your turn for your refuse of the week.
the week
i'd like to start with a big haha to the fucking big rig that's out front of our
apartment complex jackknife
so uh... basically yeah my sister's coming back
anyway um... so i have to use them because they suck
there's a jackknife big rig out front
and um... also uh...
fuck you
the fucking classic gaming expo for being so lame
the games were cool back then
just the people
just the people that play them now aren't cool
so, you know, hey
uh... oh wait that's me
anyways um...
uh...
fuck you the goddamn ipac because i have to fucking rewire my entire cabinet
just to get the damn thing to work
but it works now so that makes me happy
and uh...
fuck you too my soda cravings because they're making it very difficult on me
i have to thank uh...
lemonade
good soda cravings diet shit doesn't count
that's like drinking water actually it's like drinking rancid water
i'd rather drink rancid water before a diet crap
and diet
but anyways that's all i have right now
i gotta go see this truck
cause it's on fire
we have a update
loki's
wait loki can we talk to loki's sister here real fast?
yeah that's why I was hold on a minute are we all stuck here right now you
guys can't leave the big rig is across the entire road going eastbound or
whatever direction that is no cars are moving everybody's turn around going
back to Granite Bay so everybody Jamie Jamie wants the digit cam to go take
pictures we're gonna go to a quick break while we figure out what the hell is
going on in the F use to be continued in just a little bit guys sorry for the
delay, but there's a little bit of chaos.
Again, we are all stuck here at Orange Lawn's radio.
We are not allowed to leave because there is a jackknife
truck outside.
We'll be back.
Alright, we are back and if you missed what the hell's going on, basically there's been
a giant accident on a main, we live on a very major artery that connects two towns together
and there's been a truck that looks like it was carrying new vehicles or something on
it that kind of is jackknife its way across the whole road. So, no cars can cross this
road right now, which means that for a lot of the folks here at the studio, if they have
rides coming in or something, they're not going to be able to get here unless they know
to come a big back way around. So, it's going to be very interesting. So, sorry about that
guys but that was very interesting because we thought for a moment we were stuck here
if there was a big fire, but it doesn't look like it's flaming or there's a fire going
But Jamie did run out there with my camera, and uh, Loki's out there too. We are gonna continue the show, uh, and doing the FUs of the week.
So, yeah, so we still got Seagurd here in Rise Princess because you guys already saw the accident. Did you hear it?
Well, I didn't hear it. No, I didn't even hear it. I was inside when it happened. Um, but I went out there, and they told me about it, and I was like,
like well I'm sad for the person who's in the accident but I'm not gonna go
right out and see it weird very weird all right let's move on with the FUs of
the week shall we it was my turn when we left off my FU of the week goes to that
accident going on out there and taking away from the show that was crazy yeah
was too crowded in here anyway though so that's a good point. Also just a big
f-you to me falling asleep while driving yesterday. Not really though.
Wait, Jamie's back? Hold on let me get this now that Jamie is interrupting my
f-yous that's all right all right Jamie what were you saying? That was the most
goddamn boring accent I've ever saw and it's some stupid car driver's fault. They
I ran into the truck.
Okay, now I don't... now normally, okay, you might say, okay, I don't understand how you didn't see that car.
Or, I don't understand how you didn't see that truck.
How about I don't know how you didn't see that truck
carrying a bunch of boats?
I mean, this thing is like a gigantic...
Yeah, okay, this thing is carrying about...
It's about tw... imagine a like
twelve foot tall wall that spans about thirty feet long. How do you miss that?
While driving down the road.
I didn't think it was funny that for once, this show wasn't the only wreck.
Shut up.
FU to Brad for that comment, you're a fucktard.
Alright.
Let's go on and hear from other folks in our studio, their FUs of the Week.
Starting with Lanky Stiles, since he has a microphone.
The FU goes to the proprietors of the house I'm living in, because now I have to go find a job very quickly and a new apartment.
Yay!
And I know it's very unlikely they could be listening to this show, but it's also possible they could be. I don't fucking care what you think. So, there you go.
Alright, very interesting. Okay, Jonas, do you have any FUs you want to give out?
Okay, everyone probably said about the F.U., about the car wreck.
God, drivers, drive safely.
I don't have to keep mentioning this so many times.
No fucking color on that.
Okay, F.U. to the server that I'm hosting my sims and my database on, it keeps shutting down, dammit.
And, and people quit hacking on it and quit hitting too much bandwidth, sorry, killing my bandwidth.
You know this is free for me, so...
Okay, and F you to my current manager right now for not giving me a damn raise.
Okay, I'm doing stuff that people would get paid, like, a shitload, and I'm just here getting minimum wage for now.
And for the love of God, I'm helping you at the arcade try to get better a little bit,
bring more business towards it.
Another F goes to my former manager for getting two people to quit the job that I'm working
at.
Thanks a lot.
You're accusing people of stuff that they didn't even do.
You jumped into conclusions immediately saying, oh, you caused a complaint.
you should not do this again
i guess what you just
they left
thanks a lot
okay and another f he goes to one of our
former co-workers who quit
immediately after some big incident that just occurred
thanks a lot
the little kid who's twelve years old
can no longer move, he is paralyzed
cause you didn't watch his ass
on the rock climbing
It's funny that kids don't know what the hell to do.
Now it's gonna cost them, now we're gonna get sued.
And if it goes out of business, where the hell are people gonna play DDR now?
Just think about it. RVL's dead,
Scandia's dead, Paradox On is the only place that people actually play DDR.
FU to Paradise Island because I tried to go there today to check it out and the state fair is going on.
Another FU there for the cars being so fucking expensive, the parking.
Six bucks and stuff.
Or seven.
Well, CCL is somewhat okay, but I don't like the car system.
Anyway, sorry to interrupt, anyway.
Anything else?
Uh...
F-U for time going fast. I thought that vacation was still like one month.
I'm now realizing that school is about to start soon.
Starting tomorrow.
I actually started school last week, sorry.
But still, time goes too fast.
I don't have any other chance.
I've not got time for any vacation.
Uh...
F you for birds...
More birds shitting in my car.
Every time I clean my car, you all shit on it.
I should just...
Get a gun, shoot the fuck out of all those birds.
Alright, anything else?
we have a lot of all i have to be continued angel
all right uh...
away from the good like that
uh... at you too
the accident
when we get home now
uh...
and useful turning but if you can
maybe I can graduate and what was I going to say? I forgot what it was. Oh well. I forgot
what my F.U. was. Dammit. The really good ones that I needed to sit in the wall.
There was no people? Ah, what the hell.
Alright, let's move on to the chatroom F.U. is going to keep going here because I want to get another chance to guess for the clue because the accent kind of screwed us up and we're a little bit behind.
So let's get to chatroom F.U. is here. I'm going to pick some good ones here.
Esko says f you to the stupidest group of music fans on the earth
See now that I work at a rock and roll merchandise place to see a whole variety of music fans from the stock stanky
Slackers to the frat kids who all buy five feet tall Bob Marley posters
But only a few really get on my nerves
One has the exceptional ability to be racially offensive and moronic all the same time that is of course the juggalos
ICP fans if you didn't know we recently had a guy called anybody killer who is apparently a member of their running crew to assigning in
mall. It was like a wave of stupidity engulfed the entire mall, rich teen speaking ghetto
and putting face paint on, attempting to blend into a culture that was originally inspired
by the sins of their parents' greed. And they steal our shit and they're annoying, um, I
don't even know what he's trying to say with that last bit there. Uh, moving on. John Fields
says, F you to not having a job. F you to Divix for their weird new compression that's
worthless. Videos that used to be 100 megs total are ending up as a gig on 5.2. Where's
Here's my downgrade. F you again to Microsoft for releasing XP2. It sucks.
Moving on.
Karma Titan says, uh...
F you to Carmel Mountain Nickel City Arcade, riving off Konami's DDR machines by using StepMania and charging people on StepMania.
So what? It's fucking better than DDR. Get a look.
I mean, unless they're putting shitty-ass step files in there, which I can understand that, but, you know, the step menu itself is just another fucking game.
Just get used to it, man. At least it's not some Korean knockoff or something like that.
At least you don't have no fucking Technomotion shit in there. Or like, you know, I can boogie.
Alright, now moving on. Moo says,
an F.U. of your own for Comcast? How could I forget? Thank you, Moo. I agree. A big F.U.
to Comcast. Alright. Unknown Gamer says, a big ol' fuck you to people who don't pay me
my goddamn money back. Pay me back, Mom, or it's your ass. See, I liked that one. That
was a funny one. Alright, MJB says, my F.U. of the week goes to my friends for taking
my PC and making me go on a Mac. Oh boo hoo. Cutress says, F you Orange Lounge for pwning
me twice on my first listen on Orange Lounge Radio. Please make sure you hat trick me.
I want one more pwnage before the end of the night. We still love you. No, pwn him. I hate
the fact that I'm saying pwn, but he did say PWM. I'll wait until I get to Mobile. Yeah,
we still have an hour left. Alright. You'll have to come hang out with me at the Aladdin
He also says F.U. to double amputees who can dance better than me.
Misty says an F.U. to myself for hurting myself while playing DDR today, but I did end up getting quite a few new double A's.
Better yet, F.U. to school.
And Panda says F.U. to losing the bid on eBay for about three gigs of RAM.
That's a lot.
And, uh, that's it for the FUs of the Week.
Oh, Angel remembered her last one. Yes.
FU to dial up, because, um, we still have it.
And I need to get rid of that soon, so I'm gonna fix it this week. Maybe I can get high speed. Yay.
There we go.
Alright, that's it for the FUs of the Week.
Alright, um, now what we're gonna do,
I want to talk about karaoke revolution those big announcements that came out this week however
We're opening it up. Send me a private message if you have a song guess we've given you three clues now
If you have a guess as to what the new ultra mix 2 song is
Send it in over private message, and if you're the first one to get it right you get to announce it to everybody
So here's your chance all right meanwhile. I want to talk about this news story that came up this week and
And actually, just very recently, it was posted over on our website,
orangelaunchradio.com, by our always really good news updater, Dark Tetsuya.
He says that I get...
What?
You know what, I had to cut and trim some of the FUs tonight, so sorry.
Plus, some folks got them in late, so sorry.
Games Are Fun is a website that's reporting that Konami is releasing
2 new karaoke revolution title. Karaoke Revolution Volume
3 for the PlayStation 2 and karaoke revolution for the
xbox. karaoke revolution volume three will feature an all new song list
whereas karaoke revolution for the xbox will mirror the first release on
playstation 2 with the exception
of a handful of new exclusive songs, as well as xbox live support
people can listen to how bad you sing on Xbox live
very interested in that that's that's gonna be very interesting I might have
to do that and I hate singing what it's been yet another week and we still don't
have the game whoo-hoo all right
Okay, let's see, moving on. Okay, here's the song list for Karaoke Revolution Volume 3.
Here they are. ABC, Against All Odds, Ain't No Mountain High Enough, Beat It, Burn, California
Dreamin', Careless Whisper, China Grove, Come Clean, Don't You Forget About Me,
Flashdance, what a feelin', I love that song. Hold on, I got you babe, if I ain't got you,
in the midnight hour, joy to the world, killing me softly, leave, get out, love shack, meant to live,
my immortal, that's that Evan has a song, New York, New York, oops I did it again, respect,
Shining Star, Someday, Take My Breath Away, Thank You, The Reason, Twist and Shout,
Unchained Melody, Under Pressure, When I'm Gone, Why Can't I, and this must be the Liz
Farris song, and You're The One That I Want. Very interesting. What do you think
about that, Logie? Dude, that's awesome because know what? That means that Don't
you forget about me could make it into Xtreme 2 yeah yeah it's awesome and also
what was that you're the one I want I know that would make Nellie happy it is
hey wait a second that is on the first one repeat shenanigans I call
shenanigans. Alright. Does that mean that the Bimani police are going to come out and beat ROC with a broom?
What do you think about this Karaoke Revolution Volume 3? The franchise expanding some more, it sounds like. What do you guys think about this?
I want my Xbox version.
I could really sort of care less about the PS2.
I mean, not that I could care less about it, but now that there's gonna be an Xbox one,
I would rather have it on Xbox than PS2, because PS2 games are overall more of a disappointment
than the same game on the Xbox.
I love my Xbox.
My addict box.
I newly acquired Thug today.
I can't wait to play it.
Doug. Tony Hawk Underground. Oh! Cool.
I had that. Yeah, I'm renting it and I'm gonna copy it.
Cause I'm a copier. I have mine now.
My uh, HD loader. HD loader fucking rocks.
We have the ESPN football game on it, Jen's been playing that.
Yeah. See, Driver 3's awesome, cause you know,
it's, I paid five bucks. If you want crap. Five bucks to get it
that's all that was worth all right let's see no Z no Z let's can we get
Seager back in here for the latest clue round up here what's going on all right
hi everybody we're gonna go through the clues okay yeah yeah all right here we
Here we go. Here we go. Let's see. We had KarmaTitan submit a guess for Armageddon.
No.
No. Then we had Whiterob say secret tale from 2DX7 style because of the tattle tales thing.
And the fact that each curtain behind Let's Make a Deal had a secret behind it.
That's good reasoning, but no.
That's a very good reasoning.
I'm really shocked with that reasoning. That was great.
Kabut says my guess on the clues is Paranoia Survivor Max because the sound clip played was really fast like the song
and the quote talking about tattling, so that might mean paranoia and the curtain thing surprising.
No.
No.
All right.
And then we had MJS I24 say, it's a song called Last Romance.
I typed in, let's make a deal and awesome into Google and that was the first bit.
No.
All right.
I like that one.
I'm going to suggest that, man.
And then.
Just for the reasoning.
Somebody submitted the correct answer.
Oh my goodness.
about to call them right here on the air and they're going to announce what the
song is to everybody so I'm hoping they're picking up because they actually
have Skype on their system. I seriously can't believe that. So we're gonna see if
we can get it here. I'm hoping he can pick up otherwise he's gonna do the
chatroom thing. Let's see. I'm hoping it's going through. We're trying to get
through there is ringing hello is this jazz hello jazz hey how are you pretty
good good hey guess what you got the song what's up all right all right but I
have to say two other people got it as well but you know you got it first you
who are the runner-ups all right quick tell us what it is it's called tittle
by Zonk. That is correct. The new song is Tittle Tattle by Zonk. And what was the
reasoning behind that? Because I looked it up on Google and I found that the
losing things in Let's Make a Deal are called Zonks. Yep, that's correct. I looked up
their website and I found that it has the song called Tittle Tattle. So I just
put two, two, and together. Oh, so he just gets the song. I want to point out though
that Apollo Chan was one of the other people that got it right. They said the
sound file was tittle they correct yes that that little sound file that we
played was tittle on that website and then the tattle bit and a zonk so Apollo
Chan had that right as well and then nigma also had it right saying one
tattle then to the tapping in the song in the name of the band so Apollo Chan
had the 100% correct reasoning why what we were doing but jazz you still got it
first congratulations all right how do you feel how do you feel I want to go
Good job. You're the smart kid tonight.
Yay.
Hey, did you beat Doom 3?
No, I'm waiting for someone to come over because I'm scared.
Alright, thanks for calling us, Jazz, and congratulations to you.
Thank you.
Alright, have a good one.
See, that was cool. I like the Skype thing. That was great.
Alright, here it is, guys. We're going to play the song for you.
Again, as announced by The Clues.
This was Tiddle, was the name of the sound file, and of course there was the
Mama don't like tattle-dads. The Tails.
And then the Let's Make a Deal was a Zonk when you lost.
So the song is Tiddle Tattle and the
artist is Zonk. And we're gonna play it for you right now. And I gotta say,
this is a very interesting song. It is not a typical kind of
thing I would think about when I think about DDR.
So
here it is. I'm queuing it up here. The artist is
Zonk and the song is called Tittle Tattle.
Enjoy!
Not even a burden
Shea, shoon and humdrum
Tome, poem, dream
Alpha perfection, so very hard to reach
Harmony machine, tormenting the sensory
Deliciously evolved, and yet nobody knows
Analyzing, hallucinations, window licking the imagination
Singing, singing, shadows missing
Can't you sing in a symphony?
Diddle daddle, chicka chicka
Shoots in the breeze
Puddles, clucks, cadence, sludders
There's a synchronous symphony
Diddle daddle, chicka chicka
Shoots in the breeze
Pettis, claque, cadence, lettuce
This is a synchronous symphony
Play from the familiar, conjure a search of jive
Fidget in her mind, enjoy cats with no regrets
Analyzing, hallucinations, window licking the imagination
Big as vision, shadows dancing, dancing synchronous symphonies
Tickle, saddle, cheeky, shat, shoots in debris Pat-a-clack, cadence, flutter, tears of synchronous
symphony Tickle, saddle, chain, shat, shoots in debris
Pat-a-clack, Cadence.
Ladder, is a synchronous symphony.
Diddle, daddle, chate and chat.
Shoot and de everyday.
Diddle, clack, cadence.
Ladder, is a synchronous symphony.
Diddle, daddle, chate and chat.
Shoot and de everyday.
Pat-a-clack, cadence.
It's a synchronous symphony
earlier, that was Zonk with Tittle Tattle. What did you guys think of that? It was the
first listen for all of us here. What did you think?
I liked that song. That song was cool. It was swingy.
That was unlike a lot of other DDR songs. I mean, you could say it's kind of like an
athletic song, but that's really stretching it. Really, really stretching it. I think
it's very original. I think it's a great ad for DDR.
Lanky style. Interesting. Yeah.
Just interesting? It just, the music production on it is just
strange, which is good because that's kind of the way, you know, Konami originals are
strange. Now, um, I'm sorry, I just want to add, this is not
a long version. We just happen to only have the full cut of the song, not the
edit. So long versions are not coming back to Ultramix 2, as far as we know.
Um, let me put that in, in better words, they're not coming back at all.
Alright. So if you're pining for a long version, go play Fifth Mix.
Alright. Well, thank you for clearing that up.
I didn't know if you could say one way or the other, but okay, there you have it.
Also, people that listen to that song, if you think it's kind of odd sounding and
doesn't really fit DDR or something, Ultramix 2
has a completely new direction than what you'd see on the PS2 releases.
So, yeah, it's awesome. The genres we have are really great.
Alright, that was cool. I'm glad you decided to share that one with us.
Yeah, I was mulling over in my head which one to do, and I was like,
That's a pretty good song.
staying in. I don't know. That's what somebody asked me. He doesn't even know what the hell
that it means. Yeah, I have no clue what you're talking about, but for the most part, the
long version of the song is, if you could just like cut it in half, you keep all the
music styles in it and all the singing, that's what you've got. Think of it as a long version
or doubled over from what you just heard. Alright, I'm going to be brave and open up
the skype line for feedback on that song or UltraMix 2 in general. So you can give us
a call on the skype line if you don't know how to call us on the skype line. Head on
over to www.orangeloungeradio.org and click on interact with us. It's a brand new section
on our website. Thank you Jason. And it talks about how you could call the show if you want.
So please do give us a call on the skype line if you have a comment on the song or you know
UltraMix 2 in general. And after we field a couple calls, we're going to do Ask Orange
Lounge in a little bit. Because we haven't done that for a few weeks now, so we definitely
want to let you guys ask a question of any host here, or certainly Siegert. However,
there will be a rule to tonight's Ask Orange Lounge. You may not ask Siegert anything about
UltraMix 2 or DDR Extreme. You can ask him about his sex life, you can ask him about
his living, but you cannot ask him anything about UltraMix 2 or Extreme. That's the rule
If you do, don't expect any more hints on the DDR preboards.
Exactly. No more hints. That's it.
You might ask, hey, is it a good game? And I'll probably say yes.
But I'm not going to tell you, you know, oh, this song isn't it and this song isn't.
You know, you can probably use controllers with it and stuff like that.
But, yeah, that's all you're getting.
Then their DDR will feature arrows!
We're not getting any calls so I guess nobody has any feedback on that.
back on that. The Skype thing is still new also as well. A couple weeks back I
was on here and I said that you know the new song or one of the new songs has up
arrows. Do you know how like bad that sent the DDR Extreme US forum into like
crazy shambles? They thought like oh it has up arrows let's look for songs that
have up arrows and it was the funniest thing ever. I should say those ones with
left arrows this time. See what happens. Okay, nobody's calling on the Skype line, so I guess
we'll close it and we'll open it back up later during Ask Orange Lounge. However, again,
you can ask him about Ultra- you cannot ask him about Ultra Mix 2 or Extreme. If you do,
one of us will answer the question, who knows nothing about the game? And the reason for
that is the three-letter word called the NDA, which means he can't talk about things that
have not been announced yet. Alright. ABC. That's why. That's why you can ask him personal
questions, but you can't ask him about these stuff. But you know what? Why's it gotta be
all about Seagrid all the time? Of course, granted, I know you're gonna be really busy
the next few months, so you're not gonna be able to come back to the show for a while.
I really appreciate you hanging out here, though. Oh, no problem. Not only this week,
but a couple weeks ago. Maybe you'll come back after the games are released and give
us some more information. Yeah, I could probably do that. Definitely. So, thank you, certainly.
I know you're going to be busy in the next couple of months, so...
Alright, let's do a break.
And then we'll come back and we'll do some Ask Orange Lounge since Skype people didn't want to come.
I see how it is.
What do you guys want to hear this break?
Secret, what do you want to hear this break?
I'll let you pick a song.
Um...
If I have it available, I hope.
Uh, let's...
Do you have any athletic songs?
Do I have any athletic songs?
Of course I do.
How about War Game from 8 style?
Yeah, Hit and Slap.
I want to hear Hit and Slap.
I don't know if I have Hit and Slap available.
Uh, Fire Dub?
I'll try and find it.
Firedub, I think I have Firedub. I will try and find Firedub
for you. Alright, Disco Dog, because Jamie wants to hear it, which is also athletics.
So we'll just make it an athletics break. Yay! Alright, we'll be back
with some Ask Orange Lounge. Start submitting your questions now.
we'll be back
Okay, the only way I have this song is with the new music thing over it, because we added
it back when it was still new, but just ignore the new music part.
It's new!
On Orange Lounge Radio.
This song's in the newest downloadable pack for DDR UltraMix.
This is Athletics with Firedub.
I don't want no ice cream, no love, girl, can't You don't want no ice cream, no love, girl, can't
Not doing it, not doing it
Mr. Random person on the street, who by the way is not an actor, what do you think of the Orange Lounge Big Money Music and More show?
The music is like being transported to this dancing spaceship place. It's unearthly. It's like being in a club except you don't have to ask someone to dance.
We are back with Orange Lounge Radio, and what we're going to do now is we're going
to get into the Ask Orange Lounge section of the show.
It's been like three weeks since we've done this, so I know you guys probably have a lot
of good questions to ask tonight, and we will open up Skype even for the questions, or feedback
in general on the show, because we're winding down if anybody wants to use Skype.
I think some people do.
We got added by a couple people during the break there, so I think some people are learning
how to use it. So that's cool. Okay, here we go guys with Ask Orange Lounge. Let's ask
Orange Lounge some stupid question. What will we find out this week on Orange Lounge Radio?
But I think this week will be interesting. Do you want to know why? Because whenever
Where secret comes, the rest of us, don't get any attention.
Alright.
I remember when you were on this show a year ago, and you were just, and nobody cared.
It's because I didn't have insider information.
Yeah, you didn't work for Konami.
You weren't, uh, I remember you were here for our Max 2 premiere, shall we?
Yeah, I was there for that.
We were first playing Max 2, and who would have thought that you would have gotten to
see the next one before everyone else?
It's probably because I like Forever Sunshine so much.
Alright, let's get to the questions, shall we?
Uh, starting off with a question from...
Uh, let's see, oop, we got that one. Uh, I know John Fields had a question.
Oh yeah, I'm sure you're going to want to answer this, Seagurd.
Question to you.
How much money do you make at Konami per year?
Yeah, I make a dollar per year.
I know, yeah, we...
Well, you know, maybe somebody's interested in getting into the profession,
but I believe there are contracts that you sign that say you can't disclose what you make, right?
Yeah, well, I think that's the same way with every job, pretty much.
Unless you're, like, trying to get somebody hired on, then you offer them, you know,
this is how much you'll make in a year or this is how much you'll make in an hour or whatever,
but it's, like, either an unwritten rule or a written rule that you don't discuss, you know,
your earnings at work or of your work.
So just keep imagining he's filthy, stinky, rich.
Yeah, I'm rich with pornos.
MJSI24, I have no idea a quick way to pronounce that name.
How long has Seager been working at Konami, and how did he get his job?
Hoping this does not violate the NDA.
So whatever you can say that doesn't violate the NDA, although I believe you addressed
this two weeks ago when you were here.
Did I?
What did I say?
I think you said it's a job they were hiring.
Yeah, it's a job they were hiring.
They advertise on their website, I've been working there for a little while, I won't
exactly how long, because there's no point to, but yeah. Just look on their website.
They always have, you know, well they don't always have openings, but if they have an
opening they will post it, and just check it out there.
Alright, I open up the Skype line if anybody wants to contact us there. Remember, please
do not call when the Do Not Disturb light is on, because that means we're either on
another call or we're doing something else during the show and we're not taking your
call, but we do have a couple questions over here.
Karma Titan says, I heard DDR Extreme was the last mix from the DDR series from
DDRmaniacs.net. True or false? Actually, I'll answer this one. I'll go ahead and
answer this question. It is absolutely, don't believe anything that you read on
that site, right? I'm just kidding. No, I, he doesn't, do you want to try this one
Yeah, I can do this one. Um, don't listen to internet rumors or anything like that.
If there is going to be another one, just check Konami's site.
Or Orange Lounge Radio. This is from a site that just announced,
Hey, DDR Festival Mix is coming out. Um, wait a second.
No, no, no. That would be in the DDR2.
Konami's USA, not Japan's USA. Oh yeah, you know, because they're making
money now, so. Oh, stop, stop.
Alright, anyway. What are they, Nickelodeon?
Let me answer the call we just took. Hi, you're on Orange Lawn's radio.
Hi, um... Excuse me.
Yeah, um...
Are you laughing at me?
Yes, I am. No, I'm just teasing. What's up?
Yeah, why'd you ban me?
Oh, oh...
It's people that can't get over themselves. Oh...
uh... god
uh... i'm gonna make one comment
and one comment only although it might be a little bit at length
you suck
get a real life nobody cares about your little drama so get over it
that has been a public service announcement
i'm sorry wait a minute i'm sorry let me turn around one more time
you
must be really
bored, have no life, and no friends if you're obsessing over being banned a year and a half
ago.
Get over it!
Go bug somebody else.
Aren't you like a moderator on some unknown crappy Bimani site somewhere?
Actually not quite an unknown site, but yeah.
Okay, if you have to have something to validate yourself, why not try the internet like everybody
else does?
Alright, that's 60 seconds spent too much on that topic.
to move on I'm gonna reopen our newly filtered Skype line and see if anybody
else who we care about has a question to ask oh panda has a question for Loki
though Loki do we have an update on your portal shut up no I told you I got the
germanium so I just need the I just need a magnet wire and something like
miscellaneous copper and crap it's just mainly it's just magnet wire that's
pretty much all that's left now now next week will be interesting let me just put
that away next week will be very interesting
anyways yeah I want something you can't summon Jesus that's pretty cool trick
though no no next week will be interesting that's all I have to say
all right let's take another call and hopefully turn down your win amp all
Alright.
I got it.
It's alright.
Who is this?
Turn down the Winamp!
Turn it down!
I did not get the phone to be our own show.
Turn off the Winamp and call us back.
Damn.
No.
Alright.
Nigma has a question.
I guess this is for Sigurd.
Does Konami read their message boards?
No, of course not. Because, you know, they're not like on DDR Freak or anything.
No.
Really quick. Really quickly.
It turns off everything.
Hold on, caller. We'll get to you in a minute.
Yeah, they read their message boards, obviously, because, like Loki stated, duh.
Pretty much.
All right caller hi welcome to orange ons radio. What's up? Yeah on DDR maniacs. I also heard that
the artist Naoki from the DDR series
Was it I heard that everyone all the artists like
Reven g or Omega and all that are Naoki, so I do have the same
Well, if you'll pick up a copy of DDR Max and read that instruction manual, you can see all of Naoki's handles, and there's about 20 of them, at least.
Okay?
Okay. I guess that was a nod of acceptance, I don't know. Thanks for the call!
Alright.
He was listening to his radio.
First rule in radio, never listen to your radio on the phone call.
Well, he said it wouldn't work otherwise. I don't know.
That's stupid.
I don't know. We'll see.
He probably had one of those non-duplex sound cards.
Oh, you know what? That might do it.
I'm an idiot.
That might do it. I don't know.
I don't have one and I can still talk about it twice.
Alright.
No, I'm talking about Moto.
Nigma had another question I want to get to.
Are any of you or people you know going to the tournament in New York in October?
Well, seeing as we're on the West Coast, not really likely any of us are flying up there.
Buy us a plane ticket, we will gladly make a cameo.
Nobody here has any travel plans to New York in October?
I'm going at the end of September, but there's no tournament. I might go to eight on the break, though.
Yeah, I might be going to New York in September to blow up another building.
Stop it! Not funny. Stop it.
It's for my birthday!
Come on! It worked one year.
horrible. Alright.
Very, very not nice. Alright, let's see, uh,
Skyline's open for a few more seconds. Otherwise, um,
does anybody else have a question for somebody else in the room? That's what we
usually do when we have no other questions. We got a couple
minutes left to show here. Does anybody in the room have a question for somebody
else in the room?
I'm really sad we didn't get to do that last clue, Sigurd. We actually have one more clue we were going to do.
Do you want to hear- we want to still do it? Okay. Let's do that last clue we were going to do, alright?
This was the last clue you were going to hear if you didn't get it, even though Irene's not paying attention and the clue involves her.
But, uh, Sigurd- oh, Sigurd was actually going to, uh, let me have the fourth clue because he didn't want to say this.
But this was the fourth clue. Irene, I just want to say that you have really nice tits.
It's too bad they're kind of little. In fact, you might call them tittles.
That was the fourth clue. That was so awful.
That was the clue that Sigurd and I came up with earlier.
I got one. Hold on, I got a fifth clue.
Rob, you have a nice dick. Too bad it's a little little. You might call it dickle.
oh god
no I'm just kidding rice princess has huge boobs
don't uh don't believe the rumors alright the rumors what
I haven't started any rumors
uh kabut
that's the name is kabut instead of kaboom it's kabut
I've said the name like twice already in the show because he sent other questions.
Kabut wants to know, how big is your E penis?
Anybody want to answer?
I think Jamie should answer this one.
Dark Sakura, how big is your E penis?
Very large.
How big is your E penis, Dark Sakura?
holding up her hands holding up her hands about about four feet she's hung
like an e-horse all right very lovely nigma has a I like this question
nigma says does orange lounge have t-shirts not yet but we are definitely
looking into it we want to sell t-shirts and hopefully make some money so not yet
nigma we do not have an official shirt we will very says orange launch radio
have any internet sex tapes no last question karma Titan says how come last
week my first time on orange launch radio how come the place looks
different didn't we have the big spiderweb on the camera last week that
might be one thing yeah I'm not sure I think it's just because we have
different people here the lighting might be a little different but we I turn the
He turned the camera slightly to the left.
Oh, okay. I guess that's it. He turned the camera slightly to the left.
And, uh, there's more crap on the table.
Oh, John Fields has a good question. I'll take this as the last question.
Does Orange House Radio have any-
Oh, and there's Peach Girl posters on the wall, thanks to Nellie.
Oh, maybe that's what it is.
She hung up the porno posters on the wall.
Maybe that's what it is. I thought something's different.
Okay, last question from John Fields. Do we have any plans to put old episodes in MP3
on CD for sale at some point in the future? And actually, well at the classic gaming show
there was another radio station that has to do with retro gaming that was selling copies
of their show on DVD. The only gray area with our show is that we actually play not only
Bahmani music, but thanks to our cage match, which granted wasn't in the first 20 episodes,
has been there for the majority of our show. The Cage Match has other real music, so we
can't really turn around and sell that music. We could go through and edit it all out, but
that would be kind of a pain in the ass. I don't know. So, we'll just kind of have to
see what happens. I don't think we can feasibly do it, but I don't know. As far as distribution
plans for getting the old episodes out there, we'll have to just see in the future. We'll
see. Alright. Also, Angel is the official historian of Orange Laundry Radio and has
them all on MP3, except I would like to point out that this week I forgot to start archiving
until about 45 minutes into the show, so on Thursday during the new Orange Lawns Radio
Rewind at 6, you're only going to get part of the show, and that's my bad. Sorry.
Bad Rob, bad. No, no one is going to ask me for copies. No, they're mine. I'm not funny.
All right, all right, um, I guess now it's time to kind of wrap up the show you guys that's it
Thank you for asking the questions on a score lounge. It is 930 time to wrap up the show go around and get everybody's
Final thought we're going to start off tonight's final thought from
Hand the microphone to somebody Jimmy. Oh who has the second mic? Oh
One of them is being held by Ethan.
Say something, somebody.
Final thought.
Final thought.
I have none.
Well, lanky style your final thought all right lanky style final thought my neck
my back yeah so pass off to somebody else haven't give us their final thought
all right rice princess your final thought I'm gonna miss secret oh all
right well angel crash and everyone knows what I'm talking about not that
it's a big deal because I think we can all go home now. Yeah, that's it.
Seegerd, your final thought? I hope my iPod is done charging.
And, Loki, your final thought?
Where's the microphone? Oh, that's my final thought. Where's the microphone?
And my final thought is tune in to Pump Up The Volume on Tuesday and Diversion on Monday
and Who Knows What on Wednesday and the Orange Mountains Radio Rewind on Thursday and all
the good stuff in between.
The fun just doesn't end here on Orange Mountains Radio Live, that's for sure.
Jamie your final thought?
Tuesday is Pump Up The Volume with the pre-show starting at 7 o'clock, although it didn't
start a little bit earlier.
On that day I will be playing the CD of 8-Bit Warriors and also the U.S. Silent Hill 4 soundtrack
in its entirety.
So make sure you're listening.
It will be Q.
All right.
The final word of the show, one word to sum up the whole show.
I guess Rice Princess, we're going to give out Rice Princess because she didn't talk
a whole lot this show.
Rice Princess, the final word of the show is meow.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is an Orange Lounge production.
Orange Lounge Radio is hosted by Dark Sakura, Sky, and Loki.
If you'd like to leave us a comment,
send us an email at orangeloungeradio.com.
And now, here's your fortune cookie message of the day.
Folks, I'd like to sing a song about the American dream, about me, about you, about the way
our American hearts beat way down in the bottom of our chests, about that special feeling
we get in the cockles of our hearts, maybe below the cockles, maybe in the sub-cockle
Maybe in the liver, maybe in the kidneys, maybe even in the colon, we don't know.
I'm just a regular Joe with a regular job.
I'm your average white suburbanite slum.
I like football and porno and books about war.
I got an average house with a nice hardwood floor.
My wife and my job, my kids in my car, my feet on my table, and a Cuban cigar.
But sometimes that just ain't enough to keep a man like me interested.
Oh, no.
No way.
Uh-uh.
No, I've gotta go out and have fun at someone else's expense.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah, yeah.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, I drive really slow in the ultra-fast lane
While people behind me are going insane
I'm an echo, yo-yo, yo-yo, yo-yo
I'm an echo, yo-yo, yo-yo, yo-yo
I use public toilets and I piss on the seat
I walk around in the summertime saying, how about this heat?
I'm an ass-o-yo-yo-yo-yo
I'm an ass-o-y-o-yo-yo-yo
Sometimes I part in handicapped spaces
While handicapped people make handicapped faces
I'm an ass-o-yo-yo-yo-yo
I'm an ass-o-yo-yo-yo-yo-yo
Maybe I should be singing this song
Ranting and raving and carrying on
Maybe they're right when they tell me I'm wrong
Nah, I'm a nesso
I'm a nesso
I'm a nesso
You know what I'm gonna do?
I'm gonna get myself a 1967 Cadillac Eldorado convertible
Hot pink with a whale skin hop champ
And all leather cow interior and big brown baby seal eyes for headlights, yeah!
And I'm gonna drive around in that baby at 115 miles per hour gettin' one mile per gallon
suckin' down porta-potta cheeseburgers from McDonald's and the old-fashioned non-biodegradable styrofoam containers
And when I'm done suckin' down those greaseball burgers I'm gonna wipe my mouth with the American flag
And then I'm gonna toss the styrofoam containers right out the side
And there ain't a goddamn thing anybody can do about it, you know why?
Because we got the bomb, that's why
Two words, nuclear fucking weapons, OK?
Russia, Germany, Romania, they can have all the democracy they want
They can have a big democracy cakewalk right through the middle of the Inovins Square
And it won't make a lick of difference because we ain't got the bombs, OK?
John Wayne's not dead, he's frozen
And as soon as we find a cure for cancer we're gonna thaw out that Duke
And he's gonna be pretty pissed off
You know why? Have you ever taken a cold shower?
We multiply that by 15 million times
That's how pissed off the Duke's gonna be
I'm gonna get the Duke, and John Cascametti, and Lee Marvin
Hey! Hey! Hey! You know, you really are an asshole.
Why don't you just shut up and sing the song, pal?
Come on, S-O-L-E-O-L-E-O-L-E-O
Come on, S-O-L-E-O-L-E-O
A-S-S-H-O-L-E, everybody
A-S-S-H-O-L-E
I'm an asshole, and I'm proud of it.
Thank you very much for listening, and we'll see you next week.
Alright, the
Afterbirth the part of the show when the credits have faded to black and you think it's over
but it's really not. We have to keep it kind of short tonight though because I gotta get
on the road. But I don't know, anybody had anything they wanted to say here in this Afterbirth?
I'm gonna go fold my laundry. Sounds like fun. And then anything else you wanted to
any anything off the record in the afterbirth the show not really I figured
as much I'm kind of tired we're all exhausted we're spent I guess I could
open up Skype and see if anybody has anything they want to say during this
afterbirth I hope you guys enjoyed the premiere and all that fun stuff tonight
it's fun getting to do stuff like that I hope we get to do more we'll soon see I
do hear that there is some good stuff coming up for the show but I can't I
I can't talk about it or they might send the mob after me, so that's all I'm going to say
for right now.
Yep, yep.
I enjoy talking to myself on air, isn't it exciting?
Blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.
I don't know what the hell that was.
She has a binder clip!
Yeah.
No.
No, I'm not singing the man song.
Alright.
There we go, Jamie's singing it.
Somebody was singing, was Jamie singing it in the back?
Man, man, man.
No, must be the titties.
That needs to be in Karaoke Revolution.
Oh yeah, that needs to be in Karaoke Revolution.
It's not going to be in Karaoke Revolution.
Along with Murmur Twins.
Alright, that's it. Forget it.
We're spent.
Oh, I'm gonna give head to one of the Loki's joysticks.
Oh, you should. Alright, for the post-show tonight, you get a
Bamani potpourri. It's a little bit of everything, commercial-free.
Enjoy, have a great night, thank you for tuning in,
and we will see you again real soon, we hope.
Good night.
You're a cloud. You're duh-duh-duh.
Oooh, duh-duh-duh-duh.
If you're leaving me now,
then I'm gonna be with you.
New Music
It's New!
On Orange Lounge Radio
Orangeloungeradio.com and ddrspot.com
of teaming up to bring you this new song from TDR Extreme USA. This is Your Rain, the Rage
You touched my body once, it burned You still solved me, never forget, never again will be
I cried out of my head
And I don't know what I found
Over and over, I feel it break me down
I'm waiting for a gentle wave, a gentle wave, a gentle wave
On the sidewalk, on the city, on the streets just a whisper
Busy people, going nowhere, steaming oak in the rain
No compassion, nothing matters, my resistance is waning
Like a flower in the basement, waiting for our love again
You're the time I give, the place I give, my love
We will, we will be young forever We are the ones who make it right
We are the people of our time
We hold our future in our hands
We have the love to build a home
Together we can have it all
With every step we're moving on and on
Standing up for everyone
And won't you come around?
You will be forever free
When all is one and all is right
We will, we will be home forever
We will, we will be home forever
Yeah, yeah
Don't shine, I feel your energy, I need sunshine But it's not on me now Don't shine, don't you have to wait I want sunshine, it's just everything
I need sunshine, I feel your energy I need sunshine, falling down on me now
Sunshine, don't you hide away I want sunshine, each and every day
Sunshine, I feel your energy I need sunshine, falling down on me now
Now sometimes when you hide away I want some time to do it every day
What's going on?
What's going on?
Dude I said, hey yeah, hey yeah
I said hey, what's going on?
25 years old, my life's in steel I'm trying to get up the creepy hill of old
Our destination
I realized we flew and I thought I'd choose
That the world was made up of this brotherhood of men
Or were there other dreams?
Into a close-up time
But I lied my friend
Just to get it all out was in my head
And I, I'm pretty
A little peculiar
Into a week in the morning when I step outside
And I take a difference and I get real high
And I swim to the top of my line
What's going on?
And I say hey, yeah, yeah
Hey, yeah, yeah
I say hey
Hey, what's going on?
I said hey, yeah, yeah
Hey, yeah, yeah
I say hey!
What's going on?
Come on!
Nico Meow!
Meow!
Meow!
Nico Meow!
Meow!
Meow!
Nico Meow!
Meow!
Meow!
Meow!
Meow!
Oh, Ash!
This randomness could only be brought to you by Orange Lounge.
YEAH!
And bring my wagons around
Move it out to the man in the sky of the trees
Move it out when nobody wants to beat anyone
And nobody's backing me
I wanna be with the creatures of dreams
I'll stand by the stars, drop the rain, but I say
Grab what you can, we'll hand for the wildcat tree
We
So many days we wasted under the sky, watching the sun go up and come back again.
So many nights we end with a complete start
Aren't you really a light that she
Should have in her heart?
With you, with you, with you
The universe is on its side
I wanna be with you, with you, with you
Wherever you are, with you in my heart
Why do we speak out loud like this?
I'd love to share the little more by talking
How can we keep repeating the same old lies?
You and I make everything feel so new
Why do we speak out loud like this?
I wanna spend the rest of my life with you
How do we know we'll be together?
I wanna do it this way next
But I don't wanna do nothing to you
A little moment
Make up in the wild
I need you, I want you, I will love to you
We be the punch to be found, to be found, found, found, found
That's right, Joey Drake joined one
Before there were words, communication was done through feet
Body language is controlled by rhythm
Music is a universal link
Feel this, feel these, uh, uh
Think of this world without sound
Can't even feel a heart pound
Wasting time, wasting lives, wasting self
Show me your health, show me your drum and I'll beat on it
Work the guitar, I'll trade
Show me your soul, work, lose control
And the dude that can't be getting through this
Yeah, that's right, come on
I can't hear you, what, what
I can't feel you, what, come on
Throw it up!
Get busy!
Get busy! That's right!
Here we go, y'all!
Make music!
Give me your time and I'll bend it!
Tell me your name and I'll say it!
Where's the air, I'll blow it!
The last time would I, that's it!
Burn some mic, I'll rip it!
Show me the club, it's on!
Get me a line, I'll send it!
The last time would I, and I'm back!
Where are you from? Where are you at?
Just follow the beats, c'mon, just follow the beats, c'mon and bring the heat, yo
Where you from?
Where you at?
Where you goin'?
Let's listen in on an Orange Lounge Radio staff meeting.
Do you want to be represented by Hollywood?
No!
Do we care what people think of us?
No!
Do we want people to kiss our ass?
Yes!
Extreme Bimani Radio. That's us. Orange Lounge Radio.
Now I've realized you started loving me
Cause when we dance together
You're like a dream come true
I feel so beautiful
Heart and sight
With all those of you
Love, I just gotta have it love I believe in love I can't feel without it
Oh come to me to make your confession Love, come let it go
Love, I just gotta have it I believe in love
I can't be without it Come to me and make your confession
Let it go
Come on, man!
Come on, man!
If you want to see more of my videos, you can check out my channel.
You
I'm the one that you want to be
I'm the one that you want to be
I feel, I feel
I feel, you're the only one, makes me feel this way
I feel, I feel, I feel
I feel it
So I feel it, woman
Let's make the other way
You'll be mine, baby, don't cry Stay with me and I will try
Feel like a woman, yes, I know You are my destiny
And you feel like it's over All the days and nights in paradise
I feel like it's over All the days and nights in paradise
No, no, nobody's love No, nobody's love
No, nobody's love can't take me
No, no, nobody's love No, nobody's love
Your love that I want, my baby
You, only you, watching the moon
Making all my dreams come true
Making you, living for you
That's the only thing I do
To feel like a woman
Yes, I know you are my destiny
And you feel like it's over
All the days and nights in paradise
No, no, nobody's love
No, nobody's love
No, nobody's love can save me
No, no, nobody's love
No, nobody's love
No, no, nobody loves, no, nobody loves No, nobody loves, just say me
No, no, nobody loves, no, nobody loves But you love that I want my baby
Your love that I want, my baby
From heaven above our eyes
The beauty of shining bright, bright stars in the sky
You never beat me, and I'm jumping across the floor
I need you so I can't even play around with me
Just write me down, it's going through the night, baby
That nigga bout what you have done to get me
Cause you're mine and my whole life
You need your break when your life ain't straight
You run your liver cause the pain when you're sobbing
Great, you got CDF, I'm gonna pull him over, turn
You say shit, it's not worth it when you learn that
Blah, blah, blah, my brain makes me numb
You get the dab like a ball, I'm gonna turn black belt
tacktack
tacktack
tacktack
tacktack
tacktack
tacktack
tacktack
tacktack
tacktack
tacktack
tacktack
tacktack
tacktack
tack
tacktack
tacktack
tack
tacktack
So ready for the boom boom
So ready for the boom boom
They have to sing a song, so
They have to sing a song
This is a liar
A liar
Burn on fire
And take it back in John
Kill him for pleasure
Oh oh oh
In pleasure
I feel very
Proud of you
Proud of you
I'll leave
All day and have more rest
You do
I try and do it all my best
My time
With my friends
We must lift our hands
To win this for you
Duck up on the twine and
This is a pleasure, yes I do
It's a pleasure, it's a bad love for me
For me
I lay hold and lay in the forest
You do
I try to do my best
My love
With my friends we must stick to our hands
For you
Doing this for you
You need me share the forest
I love you
You run with me
Funny robins
You need a nice old prairie
A good fresh cherry
You need me for me
Welcome to the broken door, welcome to the fame of this whole night
Come on lady, come on girl, come on lady, tell me what's right
Right
I'm not the danger, not the pleasure stranger
Rockin' rockin' rockin' like a silver star
I'm on the link my name
I'll make it if you know how
I'd like to be in prison for this
Night's on fire
You better better think
You better better begin the phrase to say
Night's on fire
You're the one with me
You're the one with the sight
You never been here
Night's on fire
You've got a better place, you've got a better place
In the frame to the flame, nightfall fire
Come over for the rain, come over, over the sun
You have a nightfall fire
Oh, I know what you're here to say Have a simple day with me
When the sun comes in the sky And the world is blue by the light
I do love you, I do love you
I do love you, I do love you
I do love you, I do love you
I do love you, I do love you
I do love you, I do love you
I do love you, I do love you
I do love you, I do love you
I do love you, I do love you
I, I, I, I wanna love you
Kick, punch, it's all in the mind If you wanna test me, I'll do you fine
And the things I'll teach ya, be sure and be just
Never the less, you'll get a lesson from teacher Now kick, punch, jump, block
One more now, kick!
Kick!
Punch!
Punch!
Jump!
Jump!
And roll!
Back!
Don't get cocky, it's gonna get rocky.
We gonna move down to the next jump.
Now jump!
Jump!
Jump!
Jump!
Turn!
Turn!
Pull!
Pull!
You don't care for it, jump!
Jump!
Pull!
Pull!
Jump!
Jump!
Jump!
And time!
Shining!
Yeah, I hear you're getting better!
Kick to the limit in order to get an out kick!
Punch!
Kick! Punch!
Jump! Block!
Stop! Block!
Jump! Kick!
Stop! Kick!
Punch! Block!
Punch! Block!
Gonna get harder now!
Jump!
Jump and fall Jump and fall
Jump and fall Jump and fall
Jump and fall Come on now, why don't you follow my watch?
Because we're almost done I'll make it easier first
I wanna see, if you wanna see What it means to be the man
With the mask up done Are you the man now?
Here we go now, kick punch block, kick punch block, chop kick block, chop kick block.
Walk, duck and kick it.
Lock, turn, kick.
Lock, duck, punch.
Lock, turn, punch.
Lock, duck, turn.
Lock, turn, turn.
Jump, kick, jump.
Jump, kick, jump.
And punch, punch, punch.
Punch, punch, punch.
Action.
Yeah!
That's it for today.
Good job, Parapa! You can go home to the next stage now!
Alright!
I know I've had enough of it all
But nothing that can beat the man
Oh, whether you believe it or not
Oh, whether you believe it or not
Oh, baby, you can see me now Baby, you can see me now
You know what you wanna do? Take me to the brew
Well, you just got the most And soon you'll know
There's no one truly gonna do So take it easy now
I can show you how To feel the biggest size
There's a real thing called a thrill with a ride
You can't give up, you can't get in
When people are looking at your world
And something's down your side
You make the cut, you make the win
And it's given me to be alright
You'll do your best to see me
You're all that you really need to know
Forever starts tonight
So let it rest, you'll never fall
Believe me, you don't feel the same
Nobody
Well you can laugh them off and sing them yours if you want to come through
So they can eat you still, I can show you how
Just feel the love inside that the rumors take for the time we write, yeah
Ladies, Mr. Jadie
Got you by my side, what's your definition?
You're getting in on all of me, it's a baby Oh, baby, ooh, yeah, I've been waiting on
You're getting in the love of me
It's amazing
You're my baby, ooh
Yeah, I've been thinking of you
You're my baby, ooh
Yeah, you're my baby
And I don't wanna teach you
Hey, Mr. Satan, you know it's in the real world with me, what I love, and hate it.
And may you take a right to the other side where they can hug,
Well, listen to the sound that's wrong
And keep it heavy
You're my baby
Yeah, baby
You're my baby
Yeah, you're my baby
Baby, I'm a baby
Nothing can stop the pain
I thought it was a sin
But it's overrated
Nothing can stop the pain
I've been married a long time ago Where did you come from?
Where did you go?
Where did you come from?
Cotton Eye Joe
I've been married a long time ago. Where did you come from? Where did you go? Where did you come from, Cotton Eye Joe?
Where did you come from, where did you go, where did you come from Cotton Eye Joe?
He came to town by committing to a hero to the field
So I came out strong, he was born to tell his father
But all his trouble was having fun
Where did you come from, where did you go?
Where did you come from, Cotton or Joe?
Where I've been, Cotton or Joe?
I've been married a long time ago
Where did you come from?
Where did you go?
Where did you come from?
Cotton or Joe?
Where I've been, Cotton or Joe?
I've been married a long time ago
Where did you come from?
Where did you go?
I need you come from Cut-and-I-Doe
Oh my god!
You've got mail!
During my service in the United States of Congress, I took the initiative in creating the internet.
You bastards!
But you can't expect to wield supreme executive power just because some watery tart threw a sword at you?
I don't want to talk to you no more, you empty-headed animal food trough whopper!
Please, good people, I am in haste!
I'm in hate
This is the end of the video, thank you for watching and see you in the next one.
Follow me to the edge of the sky
Follow me to the edge of the sky
to the edge
and follow me
into the dream
and dance with me
In the event of fire, let the night go by
And wake up early, fall asleep
And don't look down, follow me to the end
Follow me, to the end Follow me, to the end
Took me to the edge
Took me into the dream
And don't look down on me In the students of fire
And when the night falls on you
You wake up early
All afraid
And don't look down
Follow me
Follow me, take my hand, follow me, make the leap of faith, and when you're down.
Follow me, with my hands, hold the strings, make those knives, a passion for our dreams.
Hold me on the edge
He'll do that
And that's the reason why I'm here
I'm in New York
I'm in New York
I'm in New York
Tell me do you love somebody?
Tell me do you love somebody or need somebody
Just walk around and there's someone for you
And show you with our love you better
We'll be together and know that we'll be fine
Sometimes when you feel like the world is turning without you
And you believe it won't make it
Cause you're all alone
There's somebody here for you
Do you feel it too?
Tell me do you love somebody
Leave somebody, just look around and there's someone for you
They'll show you whether we all feel better, we'll be together
And know that the sand will be fine
Know that the sand will be fine
Know that the sand will be fine
All of the day when the sun shines on everyone but you
It's open your heart to a friend and the light comes your way
Remember to call my dear, there's somebody here
Tell me do you love somebody or need somebody
Just look around and there's someone for you
And show me you're with us, we all feel better
We'll be together, and no other friend will be fine
No other friend will be fine
Tell me do you love, tell me do you love somebody
Or need somebody, just look around her
I need someone for me to show me whether we all feel better
We'll be together and no other man will be fine
No other man will be fine
No other man will be fine
Go, go, daylight, go!
This is all the end here, monster
It can be sorrow, light and deception But it can keep you trading on evolution
Go, go, deluxe, go You're missing me but I'm still a star hero
Go, go, deluxe, go For the people, for the planet
Go, go, deluxe, go You're missing me but I'm still a star hero
Don't say it's like a fantasy When you know this is how it should be
You kiss me, I'm falling Can you hear me calling?
You touch me, I want to
Feels like I've always known you
I wanna die like this
I wanna stay forever
I wanna die like this
Just wanna be together
On a night like this
Now I'm getting closer to you for me
I just can't be without you
You can't see I'm falling
It's your name I'm calling
You touch me, I want you
Feels like I've always known you
What a life life is
I wanna stay forever
Stay forever
What a life life is
Just wanna be together
What a life life is
I've known you a lifetime
Now it's time to make you mine
Oh, I'm not my friend
Oh, I'm not my friend
I want to stay forever, stay forever I want to be together, on a night like this
You keep on walking on the other side, other side, other side
You keep on walking on the other side, other side, other side
Wherever you go, I'm coming with you Shouldn't you know, I'm bound to follow
Whatever you say, whatever you do I'll give you a clue, I'm gonna follow
And the sun will shine when the water flows
When the problems grow, that's where I need you
Why don't you let me, let me come along Nah, nah, nah, nah, nah
Why don't you over make me come along Nah, nah, nah, nah, nah
Wherever you go, I'm going for you
I'll have a smoothie for to follow
And firewood and paper and glue
I and you are for to follow
Oh, and the stars will show
Where the waters flow
Where the gardens grow
That's where I'll meet you
And the sun will glow, melting all the snow
No, no, I know, that's where I'll need you
That's where I'll be with you
Yeah
That's where I'll be with you
Woah, woah
Woah
That's where I'll be with you
Oh
She told me, oh, get your ass, get your ass
Kuta, kuta, kuta, ee-oh, ee-oh
One day when I got the weed, I told you with the cops
I'd like to be a king of Gandhi, who lives in Kathmandu
Uncle Gandhi, he is rich, he's the tightest kind of man
And I know that he will help me, as much as he can
A king is like a man, he's what I want to be
After all, I've got him, but you want to ride with me
I don't know why it's okay that I'm on a fight
But every speed in Kathmandu is a fight
I am a sexy star, but I am a good star I play my little sexy in the good star
I'm a sexy sexy sexy in the good star I am a sexy girl in my age
I like it very much, even though I have no license
I always find a clutch, I can bind it up my hands
I can bind it up my feet, and I have no problem getting dirty
I am a sexy darling man
Hey!
You can feel my heart, what you feel deep inside
And it feels the best, baby, my, my, my, my
It's the sense of your soul, that you try to relieve
You never understand your heart, it functions
Feel it, feel it, baby
Feel the fire, it's burning deep inside me
Listen, listen, honey
Listen to, come listen to you
Listen to the heartbeat
Whoa-oh-oh
You better take your chance right now
Listen to the heartbeat
And let it go
You can follow that if you find it cool
Listen to the heartbeat
Whoa-oh-oh
You better take your chances right now
Dance to the heartbeat
And let it go
You can follow that and you'll find it cool
This is a heartbeat
Push, you'll never walk, go home
Get every one of them to set a set of steps
From the bottom of the top, the camera top
To the jiggy old guy, the villain's got his top
No matter what, I never thought that
Daddy didn't want a really smart guy
But that is something we all know
You
You
.
.
.
.
You
The following bit of randomness has been brought to you by Orange Lounge Radio.
Dateline, the Muppet Show.
It has been reported just moments ago that a large heavy object was dropped from the
ceiling.
Further developments will...
Hey, did you boil it down there?
That's the biggest thing I've ever seen, Diggleberry.
The best berry ever seen, Diggleberry!
So have sex with your ex, it will knock you off your lags, oh lags, babe, don't ask, just
My max, baby, take it easy
Blackstone has likes when it whacks
It will knock you off your likes
Oh, likes when you're cool and just
Relax, relax, relax
I'm in love with you and I'll sew my hats while I'm at it
Call me max, I'm takin' what it is, I'm givin' what it takes
Max, Max, Max, I'm in love with you and I love my acts
I love you both and you ain't strong, I don't know what I'm goin' to do
I gotta warn you, Max, Max, Max, raise your legs
You make your life just like my max, baby, take it easy
We're all match on match, if you call me Max I'm in love with you and I love the edge
We're all match, match Call me Max, will you love it?
Fun love, have a sex I'm Max, Max, Max
I'm in love with you and I love the house I don't wanna make you feel so full
I don't know what I'm gonna do
I gotta warn you
Relax, wrong effects with your act
It'll make you like to flex my mind
But baby, take it easy
Relax, wrong effects with your act
I'm gonna, I'll be like, I'll be like
Stayin' cool and shy
Relax, relax
I gotta warn you
Don't have sex with your ex, baby
Oh, oh, oh
Oh, baby
Will knock you off your legs, other legs
When you're cool and just relax, relax
I gotta warm you up
So don't hit that when you're next, next, next
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh
Sometimes I feel I'm gonna break down and cry
No way to go nothing to do with my time
I get lonely
So lonely, little man
Sometimes I feel I'm gonna break down and cry
The weather's gonna seem to do it my time I get lonely, so lonely, living on my own
Sometimes I feel I'm always walking too fast And everything is gonna sound almost out on me
I go easy, on some places
Livin' on my own
Come on baby, he don't have it
He don't have it
I don't have the time
For a monkey today
He don't have it
He don't have it
He's a lonely, lonely, lonely, lonely, hey
Hey, you can take some good times, I ain't one to blame
Can't you feel my body gives me the warning
But my head is always up and wild to the dream world
It's not easy to live with a mother
She don't have it, she don't have it
I don't have the time or the money to be saved
She don't have it, she don't have it
It's a lonely, lonely, lonely, lonely, yeah
Got to fix what's on my head
He don't have it, he don't have it
I don't care, I'm up and down
Oh, oh, oh, give me that
He don't have it, he don't have it
I said so lonely, lonely, lonely, lonely, yeah
Let's go for it, right now I'm gone Let's go for it, right now I'm gone
You can't sit
All of this was the beginning
It was the end of the year
The sky is falling, eyes are falling
You have no chance to make a mess
Love is a bust, life don't love
The blues are a bust
We was on the cusp
Crying out for more than a year
And I turned around and had no fear
Believe me, because I'll show you the way
Woo, woo
Some people think that it's too late
It's so scary, let's wait and see
The world will shut down, all the world will win
People are afraid they need to get bit
Fire at the top, don't know where to stop
Let it pop, nah, stop, stop
Remember these words are what I said
It's just why we come free
Just feel it, feel it
It's amazing
Oh boy, I want to lose
Nobody gets me
Some just say the world is changing
Many people will come in
Many changes we are seeing
I just say it's the end, the end, the end
I'll just enjoy it
Oh
Oh oh, let's get good
We gonna move tonight
Let's move tonight
Share the price of life
Oh oh, let's get good
We gonna move tonight
Let's get good
All right, ooh, let's just go
Stand up, stand up, stand up, all right
Let's, let's just go, have a feel
All right, all right, all right
Let's just go, stay true
To the sound of our eyes, our eyes
Can you hear me from above Do you feel the same inside of me?
Flashing through the window in the air
Just in time, no one cares to die
Can you see me from above?
Do you share my frozen memory with the stars?
Leaving me alone, darling just staying all alone
Let us not face me
Please give me brand new star tonight
Just make it one for all
Let's not fake me
Please give me rain from yesterday
I don't need
Take my hand
Can you watch me fall above, knowing someone keeps coming along,
Woe me free
Never seem to come
Cover me
Spring us far away
Can you guide me for my vow?
All I need is just a little light, don't worry I won't stand for that yellow's watch, hiding all I need
Let us not thank me, please keep me round You look what I just began, was born
Let us not take me
Please keep me brave for what a ride
Might for me take my hand
Let it not take me
After listening to three hours of them, you'll want to ski into a tree head first.
Under Sedation Live with Travis, Ron, and Jessica, Saturdays, 6.30 p.m. to 9.30 p.m.
of civic standard time at undercedationlive.org
Oh
In the far real you've got to learn how to survive
Cause you never know when it's your turn to take a time
So you go, you stay with your eyes in the back of your head
And you never know if you'll be alive or be dead
That is why, always have it, you tell your midnight special
Never leave, or without it, always better with a midnight special
In the dark, on the street, never know who you're gonna be
You're gonna need no money
You've got to make that switch on
s
s
s
s
s
s
s
s
s
s
You told me once that you loved me You said that I was the only one
You're the only one
It's up and down but now I know
You're the friend of the earth
Listen with me one wise boy
You've been around for too long
And now you're gonna say so don't die boy
I'm gonna put you back down
I'm gonna lift you up, lift you up
Run you right into the ground
Just gonna wind you up, turn you on Said all your tricks are down
I'm gonna measures, I'm gonna I'm gonna get what I want
I'm gonna, I'm gonna, I'm gonna, I'm gonna I'm gonna, I'm gonna
I'm gonna beat you up, beat you up Let you run and get to the ground
I'm gonna wind you up, any way you want
When you run out of power
I'm gonna lift you up, lift you up
And let it ride in your world
They say long distance love can never stand a chance
I can't prove them wrong
I love you for a song of each and every day
You are loving email
Come waiting for your email
Christmas, what a past three
My baby, where's your loving email?
Brain closer to me
Email me and then I'll know you're still mine
Still mine all the time and so fine
Email me to bring you here by the side
All the nights feelin' right
Email me and then I can sleep tonight
Dream of you here with me, kissin' me
Email me and I'll fly to you
You are the magical carpet bride
Kick it!
Come on and kick the can now!
Whoa, whoa, whoa, now here we go
To start the party, start the show
So take yourself high in the line
For some serious party time
Kick your legs high in the air
Do it like you just don't care Now every woman, every man, come and kick the chair
Kick your leg first in the air
Kick it like you just don't care
Every woman, every man
You wanna kick the cab, kick the cab, kick the cab now
Lookin' like a virgin, lookin' like a virgin if you like
I feel you right now, lookin' like a virgin
I know what a virgin like me is
It's a good start, yeah, everybody at me
Everybody wants my virgin star
I'll never let them know I feel
This is the time
So don't feel me like a virgin
If you're lookin' like a virgin
You just stay with me
Go from feeling like a virgin to me
I don't know, I guess you'd like to say this to me
Oh
I'm a cowgirl, bang-a-doo-bang People say that I'm a bad girl, and I enjoy
it all the time I'm living in a sad world, but I know what's
on my mind. I am free as a bird, even though you tell me that I can't fly. I ain't easy
to hurt, I have a perfect life and I'm telling you why. I'm a cowgirl, and I'm riding on
my own, bang bang bang, and I'm shooting all around. I'm a cowgirl, I can't wait to go,
Bang bang bang, it's so good to be back
I'm a cowgirl, and I'm riding on my own Bang bang bang, stayin' light on the floor
I'm a cowgirl and I'm happy with that Bang, bang, bang, it's so good to be back
Don't go wasting your emotions Lay all your love on me
Don't go sharing your devotion
Lay all your love on me
It was like shooting or standing up A little small talk with my bad baby
I was done I feel that now what you've done with me
I'm from a world that you'd never fall so deep in
I feel a lot of fear
When I don't have your fear
I'm satisfied
I feel my pride
I think it's here
Don't go wasting your emotions
Lay all your love on me
I've had a few little love affairs
They didn't last very long and they've been pretty dense
I used to think that was sensible
Expect the truth even more, it's all preventable
But everything is new
And everything is true
And all I try
In all my time, what can I do?
Don't go wasting your emotions
Lay all your love on me
Don't go carrying your devotion
bitch doing coming out of my computer screen orange launch radio listen okay
Any, any thing
That you've got
What that it seems
Just as you're leaving
We're hiding, hiding
What's up?
Can't get some help
Are you leaving?
Let me see
All you were saying
But they don't know
How much you've done
And leave it there
From now on
You don't have to believe in a heart of a doubt
Can you keep me like a nasty girl, you want a nasty love I know that you want it honey,
you're eating some more fish, but baby, how'd you feel for love You know that I want it
baby, how'd you feel for love So I can know that you have to fix my meaning
I'm just asking for the real love It's gonna make me feel, take me higher
Hey, don't know how you know So shine on me, shine on you still
Hey, don't know how you know So shine on you, shine on me still
We'll be together ever more
Shine on me forever
Let me shine
Diving on my that dirty wall
Just ringin' on Dan Just ringin' on Dan
Just bring it on down
Realize my fire
Your love is my only desire
Realize my fire
Cause I need
Come on
Bring it on down
Take it higher
Feel your body burning with desire
One step
A little closer
Turn around and shake it
I'm a kingdom like y'all so closer, a rollercoaster
About this time I'll be the suggestion
Get on my damn foot to use this wreckin' it's hot
And when I find it, fire
Realize my fire
You're lovin' up on me
Realize your
Realize your fire
For me
Realize my fire
Your love is upon the designer
Realizing the fire
From underneath
And I, I'm gonna let her go on me
I'm gonna let her know that I can't
Don't you leave, that's what I can't talk about
Kicking from a rainy Thursday on the Avenue I thought I heard you talking so slow
I sit on the lights, the TV and the radio
Still I can't escape the ghost of you
What is happening to it all?
Crazy sometimes
Where is the light that I recognize?
It's gone away, but I won't cry for yesterday
There's an ordinary world, somehow I have to find
And as I try to make my way to the ordinary world
I will learn to survive
In the mist of a tropical mountain
Why do you cry when you're happy?
It's just something special
Why do you see why I don't keep talking in the blue sky?
Yeah, it's so much because
It's so much imagination
Yeah, it's so much because
It's our fascination
I have a secret to I really need
Can you please leave us with the fear?
Are you with me all the way?
Oh
Kissing blue heather, most of all to me
Kissing blue heather, blessed is the memory
Make me do it any other way
Oh, some with eggs on the mountaintop The most dearest monkey to ever meet
He knows every magic trick under the sun He's the guy that everyone can have some fun
Monkey magic, monkey magic Monkey magic, monkey magic
He knew every magic under the sun He forgot that everyone had some fun
Monkey magic, monkey magic
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh
I sing about you almost every day My mind is made up by me tonight and day
You're my obsession but I wait in line I'll pretend until then that I'm doing fine
I know that my feelings show, but I guess that's the way to let you know I'm you
What else can I do?
You want my fantasy, you want my energy
Baby can't you see that you belong to me
And it ain't love
I was waiting for the moment in time
And the moment came up to make you mine
I gotta have you, I need you baby
One look in your eyes and I gotta say
I know that my feelings show
But I guess that's the way to let you know I need you
What else can I do?
You are my fantasy
You are my fantasy, you are my energy Baby, can't you see that you belong to me?
Easier to dance to than that freaking catch-up song, Orange Lounge Radio.
I'm an angry creep
There's a key over me to the bed
You are, I'm an angry creep
There's a little door behind me
What you doing over there, come on, let's do this for the F.
What you got in your hand, this man is amazing, put it away, it's gonna go bang, blow my brain,
ha.
So let's leave a little bit today, just tryin' to get a little bit of space for it to happen.
You know I ain't laughing, it's like a game
Just how long is it gonna stay sane?
Cut the blood!
All the days where we just played Back in school, just me and you
But I can't forget you now What am I supposed to do?
We can be mother friends Do you know I'm here for you?
Cause you're so easy to love When you smile the skies are blue
I do, I do, I do, do, I do love you I do, do, do, do, do you love me too?
I do, I do, I do, do, I do love you
And do you, do you, do, do you love me too?
Ah, yah, yah, ooh
Ah, yah, yah, ooh
Oh I know we've been friends ever since school days have been
When we first and when we first
Simple words do cross my mind
I do, I do, I do, do I do love you
I do, I do, do, do you love me too
I do, I do, do, do I do love you
I do, I do, do, do you love me too
I do, I do, I do, do I do love you
And do you, do you, do do you love me too
I do, I do, I do, do do I do love you
And do you, do you, do do you love me too
Ah ya ya ooh ones
I, I, I love you
I, I, I love you
I, I, I love you
I, I, I, I love you
I, I, I love you
Do I, do I, do I love you?
Do I, do I love you?
Do I, do I, do I love you?
Do you love me too?
I do, I do, I do, do I do love you
Can't do it, do you, do, do you love me too?
Do I? I do, I do, do I do love you
Can't do it, do you, do, do you love me too?
I do, I do, do, do I do love you
And do, do, do, do you love me still?
Oh yeah, oh yeah, ah, ooh
Oh
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
Thanks for watching!
Oh
Why? You leave me alone, so tell me why?
There is no need to carry on, leave me alone if I'm not right
And why? You leave me alone, so many days, you're thinking of you so many nights
Leave me alone and don't know why
Help me, why?
Now tell me, why?
I don't know what to say, but I'm not sure what to say.
I don't know what to say, but I'm not sure what to say.
Ready for the day
Ready for the day
Ready for the day
Let it go, let it go, let it go, let it go
Let it go, let it go, let it go, let it go, let it go
Let it go, let it go, let it go, let it go, let it go
Let me go
Let me, let me, go Let me, let me, go
Let me go
Let me go
Let me go
Let it, let it go Let it, let it go
Let it, let it go
Let it, let it go
Let it, let it go
Let it, let it go
1, 2, 1, 2, 3, 4!
Oh
I'm not sure you'll remember but, still
I'm in a good mood
Boy I just wanna know
Don't want to go and give everything you're worth
You won't be able to say something more
I got anything connected
You only know if I know
Heaud I
I can't
I never want to get up
1, 2, 3, 4,, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11, 12, 13, 14, 15, 16, 17, 18, 19, 20, 21, 21, 22,
If you like this video, please subscribe to my channel.
Ain't ready for me
I got a recipe I'm gonna share
Come after me, you'll be better
Caught up in the world, the world's a dark and rainy day
Just to save yourself, all we live to learn
A chemical can never be enough
You need the thrill of love
From there I feel the thrill
We're here to come back
We're here to feel the love
We're here to feel the pain
We can't come back
I'm chemical love and I'm free from the infection More taste to taste mess with me and I'll bomb
Let's just dance, don't give me room
I'll do within my head this time
When you drop to the floor
Just as I pump some more
Get the tension in your body to take a beat
When I fall apart, it's time to knock that it's free
You got to learn to bite me
So you should beware
with the flavor in the air
Yeah, yeah, this is my music style
Try for a stranger's aim
Tonight I need to play a brand new game
I know I'll find you, just look around you
Come on!
I spent tonight and all my dreams come true
You never give a scene just for me to know
You are the light in his eyes
While your light makes me fly
I'm gonna make you cry
I want you to stay by my side
Nothing's gonna stop me now tonight
Nothing's gonna stop me now
I'm crying for you
I'm dreaming of you
Nothing's gonna stop me now tonight
Nothing's gonna stop me now
I'll fly for you
I'm living always on you
Nothing, nothing
Don't stop me now
Do you believe in destiny?
I close my eyes and dream that you are closer to me
So follow me and you will see
Together we can touch the sky, we're flying so high, high, higher
Oh, do you believe?
Oh, do you believe?
I'll see you last night
Until the morning sky
The light inside my heart will last forever
And in my dreams I'll never let you go
I know you need to be with me
When something feels so good, it's only a fantasy
Every time I'm by, I wonder why
Will you be here with me someday? I'll fade it away
I feel alive tonight
Until one is down
The light inside my heart will last forever
And in my dreams I'll never let you go
Here we go
I'll see the light tonight I'll see the morning sky
The light inside my heart will last forever
And in my dreams I'll never let you go
I'm free and alive tonight
Until the morning sky
I decide my heart will last forever
And in my dreams I'll never let you go
I need you, baby I need you, baby
I need you baby, I need you baby
I need you baby, like a flower in the rain My life is like a dream, I'll be the same day
Take you high, girl, and you'll never see me more You know me, Rosie, you'll be screaming out for more
I need you baby, like a flower in the rain My life is like a dream, I'll be the same day
You
Happy day, happy day, happy day
Save another day, I'm maybe a night away
I'll be coming to you one day
One day, one day, one day
One day, one day, one day
on me
Let me know what you think in the comments below and I'll see you in the next video.
You
Oh
Was there anything? Every night? I did it every night
Oh, everyday, I was your everything
Every night, I did it every night
Oh, I was born again
I'm a man, I'm a man
I need to die, I die
Use my heart, I die
Use my mind in my head
Use my heart, I die
I think you'll remember
Every night, I hear your voice Baby, every day and every night
I see you how I feel it, my hustle's around me so please
Take on the dream and stop me, take on the chance of working
It's time to say goodbye to my face
I want you to know that I'm ready to be empty
It's my time, I need to face it
That's it for you
You don't need to love me again
To see I'm going to do that
That's it for you
I can't take it over
I won't stand in line
Somebody, somebody, somebody, who are you?
No matter what I'm feeling
You couldn't see that me inside
I don't mean that, honey
But you mustn't need that hype
I'm living in your reality
So I have made up my mind
So it's part of my good thing
That's it for you
You don't have to welcome me
Can't you see I'm going to love you?
That's it for you
I can't take you no more
I don't want you anymore
This is the best day for you
You don't have to love me
Can't you see I'm going to love you
This is the best day for you
I can't take it no more
I don't care what I do
Who are you?
Who are you?
Who are you?
I'm running out of time, where are you?
So I can't ignore the fact, no more your yammy when we're mad
You've made up my mind, now I may find emotion still with me
But I'm still your step, I feel like I can't stop the pain
I would never have to leave your name away
I'm meant to lose you now
Don't even lie
I can't forgive if I say
Now that I've let me down
I'm not gonna say
No, I'm just not gonna say
I can't forgive if I say
Ah, ah, ah, ah Ah, ah, ah, ah
Mina hakum koto hai te hajima Mina hakum koto te rejima
I get a late night urge to ramble
I got my car all set to ramble
Don't really know where I'm from so
I put my foot down on the pedal
I got the pedal to the metal
I roll down the highway just like a fireball
I'm like the stairs on top of a fireball burning out of gold
Get those potatoes on fire over the sky like I can move
