🎵Music🎵
Dare da, dare da, dare da Sora no kannada ni nodo yukage
Chiro itu basa no kajima Noshi o kage se do itaseba
I got you
that
you know tiny man
again
guy
oh no
yeah
you
get
oh
holy
oh
you
get
you
He's so cute, he's cute, he's so cute
Oh, get your man, get your man
And now, for our feature presentation.
Orange Lounge Radio Live is now on the air.
Orange Lounge Radio Live is a live talk program dedicated to all things Bomani and Bensum.
Orange Lounge Radio may contain adult content, so you probably shouldn't let your children listen.
If you do let your children listen to Orange Lounge Radio, they may turn into evil little
demons from hell.
Oh wait, most children already are evil little demons from hell.
Now you see that evil will always triumph, because good is dumb.
Tracked, drunk and stupid is no way to go through life, sir.
He jeopardizes my ability to effectively govern this student body.
Well, makes you look like an ass is what he does, Ed.
Hamburgers! The cornerstone of any nutritious breakfast.
That was huge. Cool.
Do you mind if I take my new car for a ride?
Catherine, the only thing you're going to be riding is me.
Have you seen Malcolm? Lena?
Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to my underground lair.
layer so it was you I was going to expose you I know so I choose to expose
myself please there are ladies presents definitely great it wasn't for the
fucking customers dark Sakura oh my god I see a bloody
stop guys in the time in the place baby Loki
oh my foot why did I shoot myself my orange lounge radio we are live and this
This is episode number 109 for this, August the 29th of 2004.
You're tuned in to the B-Mani scenes, most competitive radio station of all things, B-Mani.
My name is Rob Roberts.
You might know me as Sky.
Joining me as always are my awesome co-hosts in this corner, the happiest bunny on the
farm.
You know her better as Jamie Sommers?
Dark Sacra!
Can't hear you.
I hate pollen
and I hate
not having air conditioning.
I hate my throat and I hate my nose.
I hate my sinus passages. Is there anything you like this evening? Meat! Meat.
This is some damn good meat. I just want to end things on a positive note. Positive? How about a high note?
I would except my throat hurts.
so i had it on a low note
works for me
i could try the high note
but i don't want to like you know
you're hecka lame
oh my god i finally saw a base get ball
what did you think
it's not my house my week house my day yet
ooh she's feisty tonight miss jamie summers
fucked up. She's feisty, she's Catwoman. No nose is full of snot. Give me a new nose Rob,
good Kmart. Also joining us tonight, the one and only Tech Massa Loki, and I was fixing
the webcam, and I stepped on something sharp. The clumsy professor as always. It's metal,
It's metal! Ow.
It's probably a piece of your vortex.
No, it's a piece of wire.
Also joining us tonight, say hello to DDR Angel.
Hello! I'm here again.
What, four weeks in a row?
Yeah.
Damn girl, get a life!
Yay!
I'm just kidding. Alright.
I know. What is this, 109 weeks in a row?
I think you're one to walk. Talk.
Bawk. Cop.
I can't wait till I get a week off, which I do get pretty soon, about three weeks I
have a week off.
A forced week off?
Yes, a forced week off.
My doctor says this show's not good for me.
You know what?
What?
Your computer hates me.
Why's that?
It just does, but I'll make the supreme effort, but goddammit, while you're out of town we
better have guests.
Or else we'll take a vacation too.
We'll see what happens.
I'm sure I can...
We'll record three hours of Loki singing.
Just whip out, you know what, before I leave, I'll buy Karaoke Revolution 2 and you'll have yourself a whole three hour show right there.
Can't hear you, babe.
How's that?
You gotta hold the mic to the bottom sometimes.
I'm going to announce to everybody tonight that I am currently on DayQuilled, Tylenol Allergy Sinus, and now Benadryl.
so in other words Jamie admits I am on drugs up tonight
so if I start saying something really weird
blame the drugs but I'm going to have ice cream so that should
sorta negate it because I'll be in happy chocolate mode
it's maracans ice cream you're not doing ice cream
low carb ice cream is not ice cream? no it's good it's made with cream
alright we'll see it's better than normal ice cream because it's good
it has fat in it and fat makes it good alright
We're gonna take a quick break and we'll be back. Oh, yeah, there's the money stuff too. We do talk about DDR and money crap
Yeah, what is that stuff? You know, I was actually playing ultra mix before the show. I want to talk about that when we come back
After this little brain, I thought it'd be funny because I want to address some folks that play on ultra mix. That's why
We're gonna take a break in this break. Enjoy the music of out phase and we'll be back after this break with
There is much randomness for you. Enjoy!
You
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
You
And now, let's listen in to an Orange Lounge Radio staff meeting as they debate some of the new programming coming to Orange Lounge Radio.
Jamie, I have a suggestion about some of the music in our Bamani Music and More program. Can we talk about that?
No subject will ever be taboo.
Well, I was thinking maybe we should move, pump up the volume from Tuesday nights?
Except of course the subject that was just under discussion.
Okay, well, what would you think if maybe we cut back on some of the tack music we play on the station?
I collect your fucking head.
Just like this fucker here.
Oh my god, why did you do that to Loki? The holic thing on episode 69 was just a joke!
Now if any of you sons of bitches got anything else to say, now's the fucking time!
Orange Lounge Radio, where everybody has a say.
We are back. Orange Lounge Radio, episode 109 is live.
Uh, in a... Damn it.
My bad.
Hold on a minute. Hold on, I have an announcement.
Thank you.
Uh, this message was brought to you by Diet Soda.
Enjoy at your local grocer. All right
Okay, so we are live here I'm just trying to get my bearings out of that burp
Like totally just rattled my brain inside my head and now I can't think right so
We are here with your favorite program. We have stiff competition tonight, though. Did you know that we have stiff competition with this show tonight?
You guys are here listening to this show, but not only is this show going on right now
But and I hope I don't make people go. Oh, yeah, I forgot and then they shut off the show and go watch it
But the closing ceremonies the Olympics are going on right now
The women's handball team one goal and then and then Bjork would have sung
Okay, I need the new Bjork album. I am more excited about Bjork than the Olympics. Bjork
makes me all horny. I have new Bjork stuff. Give Tarata Skull. I actually, uh, I was looking
and I found photocopies of certain Bjork albums that are out soon. So, hold on, let me, uh.
See, this is what you're missing at the Olympics right now.
I'm a tree that is big!
Just kidding, I like Bjork, otherwise I wouldn't have the album.
Wow, we've actually got people here who showed up during the break.
Yeah, we do have people that showed up here during the break.
We have Arkadian42 showed up with glasses.
New glasses.
They're not new.
not new. Well they look new because you haven't worn them around me in a long time if ever.
Yeah well these are like way out of date actually there's like five years this is like a prescription
I got like five or six years ago I'm only wearing because I can't really wear my contacts are like
weeks old I can't buy any new ones until I get a eye exam and I can't afford an eye exam for a while
Last time I came here, I'd just wear them every so often. I'm only going to wear them for a few hours, but I can't wear them all day, because the contacts I have right now are way too old to wear every day, or I might get an infection in the eye or something. So it wouldn't be a good idea.
Miss, also known as Ixplicit with three X's, because he's triple X-rated. He's a porn star.
Hey, everybody.
Is that stinking State Fair still going on by your work?
Uh, yeah.
I want to come play DDR at your work, but the stinking State Fair's gone.
You can actually play in the weekdays. The reason why it was closed Saturday and Sunday is because that's where the business is racking up.
Fridays you can actually go. Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, and Thursday as well.
lot doesn't spill all the way back there on the weekdays no no only Saturday and
Sunday maybe I will go during the week we'll see okay about it all right is
there anything else uh maybe later we'll talk to you more a little bit okay oh
yeah I forgot to talk about competition we had the Olympics going on and Bjork
singing on actually she sang at the over she's not singing again I was kidding
about that we had the Olympics going on and the Video Music Awards are going on
right now in Miami is going on and I think a lot of people ditched our show
to go listen to that and you suck what I know seriously MTV is so done
empty fee MTV is so done and overrated and it's who won can we just get a
spoiler out there who won don't we know who won now let's just get the spoilers
out there and who who made out with who this year and who punched who in the
face let's just get it all out that way the guys don't have to watch you can
feel free to watch this, listen to this show, and watch our webcam on www.orangelawnradio.com.
Interesting. You can also join our chat room there, www.orangelawnradio.com, click on chat.
Just that easy. Alright, we do have some Bahmani news I want to talk about tonight, but first,
we have to start off tonight's show as we start off every week's show by playing a little
bit of How Was Your Week, How Was Your Day, and starting us off tonight for How Was Your
week, how was your day? The lovely Dark Sakura. My week was okay until my allergies started
to hate me. I had a perfect score in my classes. Congrats! I'm being like a good little nerdlet.
The Benadryl finally kicked in, I can breathe, but I haven't yet fallen into a coma, okay.
But it's just been kind of a druggy week.
I've been on the DayQuil all week, and then I had to double up all doses of everything.
I've been just so drugged.
But my air conditioning isn't working again at my house, so I'm going to have Dan Fuss
at the apartment manager for me.
Yeah, sniff.
I finally broke down and bought a box of tissues, so they're going to be my best friend all
weekend.
But yeah, it hasn't been very interesting.
It's just been filled with lots of tissue, lots of drugs.
I feel like some kind of celebrity, because I'm popping pills all weekend, you know?
Maybe I should like rent a hotel room and throw a wild party and like throw the bedsheets
out of the window into the pool and, you know, all that kind of stuff.
but I'm hoping to feel better by next weekend so I can
participate in much a random shooting of things
this hasn't been too interesting
very drugged
very very drugged
and robbed stores
what?
see? you weren't even paying attention to me
I was trying to research the VMA so I could spoil it for everyone I'm sorry
Sometimes you have to take the radio show by the horns and drive it yourself for a little bit.
I could have said, and Rob suddenly likes pussy.
And you would go good.
I wouldn't know. There are certain keywords that set off my alarm inside. Pussy being one of them, and I would have got you.
No, it's actually, it's just been stuff. You know, I didn't even know the Video Music Awards were going on because I don't watch cable or watch TV.
I know. I don't watch crap either, so...
Well, especially since the TV is now being taken up.
Except for Survivor. I'm allowed one crap show to like, and that is my crap show.
You know what? You can download Survivor on the SWIN channel on BitTorrent, I found.
Well, I don't need old ones. I need new ones.
No, these are the new ones.
How can they be the new ones?
Well, I mean, whenever the new ones are on...
Oh, okay.
There's one that does, like, all the reality shows.
Okay.
And on top of that, I'm so happy because they put up the Stargate episode, like, within 15 minutes of it airing.
That's how I was keeping tabs on the Amazing Race, which most people generally agree is not a crap show.
Amazing Race is cool. I like the old army guy in it.
I haven't been watching this year, though, because when Sharla and Myrna got kicked off, it just lost interest.
The army guy is so kick-ass. This old guy and his daughter are a team.
Oh.
And he had fallen in the first part of the race and sliced up his leg.
Yep.
But he continued. They still stayed in the race.
in the race and then he did the whole um what's the the thing with the pulley and the line from
the top of the swim building into a swimming pool of course chlorine with an open wound yep this guy
was hardcore have you watched all the episodes yet no because i don't have tv i just caught it
over at iguana girl's house okay you should watch catch up to current there's some good stuff that
happens i'm busy watching stargate watch my pretty scientist man oh anyway anything else you want to
you want to share about your week and your day? Uh oh. Alright then. Loki! How was your
week? How was your day? Umm, I played a lot of Final Fantasy this week because it's too-
Ehh! Whatever. Wait till you hear what he did today, but I'll let him tell. I am lazy
okay? I am extremely lazy. Extremely, extremely lazy. Let me make this clear. I am extremely
I'm extremely lazy. And, you know, before- Wait a minute, I have a question for you.
I have a question. So, Loki, are you in fact lazy? Yes, extremely lazy. Anyways, so, before,
you know, I had farmed, you know, for, you know, hot, really expensive items for over
three weeks, today was just not one of those days. I felt like not earning my money at
all. So I bought it. I bought in-game money. So in other words, you gave somebody real
life money so that they could give you in-game money. I just want to make that clear for
our listeners. That would be correct. You know what, they can kiss my ass because I
got that money like within 15 minutes of paying and you know what, that saved me a good 10
hours of gameplay. I would think about it. It's opportunity cost. Any economics teacher
will teach you, you know, whether you want to spend the 10 hours or pay the $20. Okay,
that's what it is. That's especially amazing considering that it takes about 45 minutes
to get a GM sometimes and Loki got his money in 15 minutes. That was enough time for me
to take a power nap and then go back into the game and have my money waiting for me.
You know on Ragnarok all I have to do is play for 15 minutes and I'll get like 400,000 zenny.
Well that's because that money's worth nothing.
Well so your money's not worth anything. I could like go buy like a goat headband.
And it looks cool because I have big goat horns.
Which would be very perfect for your portal to hell.
No.
I haven't touched Ragnarok in a week.
I have my magnet wire coming.
At it.
Oh yeah, um, oh yeah, so then I have like some other stuff that's coming for my so-called portal to hell, I have my magnet wire coming, um, I have an eight and a half pound spool of that shit, so I'll be able to make something with that.
And, um, what else? Eh, oh yeah, I had to go to the doctor about my ingrown toenail that's nasty.
Ew!
but but well he better like fix that shit cuz you can get blood poisoning
anyways so I got antibiotics that tastes like cherry milk it's that's the only
way I can describe it it's like a weird ass smell and it has a weird taste to it
that's like chalky and I don't even know how to describe it like milk of
magnesia it's just weird weird shit and I don't even know but whatever so
So anyways, so, I've been pretty much just playing a lot of Final Fantasy. Um, I watched The Exorcist last night and I must say that movie is not scary at all.
Yet, my fiancé was freaked out by it. Because she thinks it can really happen.
Of course, then I made fun of her about that and stuff, so that was fun. And, um, I don't know, just pretty much just, uh, online games. Um, and, yeah, that kind of thing.
Okay, Angel, how was your week? How was your day?
Hello. Okay, um, let's see, just schoolwork and other crap, nothing too damn exciting.
Um, let's see, I played a little DDR, but not too much, which kind of sucks.
but I'm watching Rob make a funny face
Jamie's making me try her diet food
I played a little pop music as well, that's pretty cool
other than that I did nothing except for homework, yay homework
alright, anybody else want to go next?
hmm, maybe. Arcadian
this week was mostly work and on
Friday, we finally talked about employing me, and so we just did the pre-work, and now I'm not an attempt anymore. Yay!
Yay!
Yay! Congratulations.
And so one day, the first day of not being an attempt for...
This is good.
Sorry, that's such a good point.
That is such a good point. We have a bush and a dick in the White House.
That's an old joke. I can't believe you've never heard that before.
I know, but I don't want to keep you up.
I never had your pulse on any, uh, drink of dope.
Sorry, Arcadian.
That's okay.
Well, she wanted to talk, so I gave it to her.
Uh...
Uh...
Oh my god, there's an MPB here!
Uh, can you not work it on? Holy shit!
Yeah. Fuck MPB!
The world needs to depend.
Not that you can entertain any of this.
Explosion killed seven.
That's new.
Sorry Arcadian, you keep getting interrupted.
Damn.
Was there anything else?
Too bad that explosion didn't kill seven MTV Music Awards.
That would be nice.
Kill them all.
Actually, I have something that somewhat relates to the news, what's going on.
I'm going to continue to interrupt Arcadian's little story he's trying to tell.
Not that I have much of a story, anyway.
More than 100,000 protest Bush in New York City.
Those are some mean, mean feminists there.
Actually it's interesting because did you hear about those planes that were crashing
or the Russian planes that crashed earlier?
Apparently this is, I'm like the last one to ever hear anything funny that's going on
but apparently Tom Brokaw said on the news, he tried to pronounce one of the Russian city
names but he got it wrong and he said something else instead and here it is, thank you unknown
gamer for passing this along to me, this is pretty funny.
Two Russian planes carrying a total of more than 100 people crashed almost simultaneously
today. The first crash happened in Bucocki. He said Bucocki. Tom Brokaw said Bucocki.
Next intro. I say that it goes in the next intro. Hold on one more time one
One more time.
Crash happened in Bucocki.
There was a crash that happened and it made Bucocki.
Teehee.
We're seven years old.
Poopy poopy, Bucocki Bucocki.
I don't care how old you are or how mature you think you are.
That is funny when Tom Brokaw says Bucocki on accident.
I'm sure he must not, when he caught his mistake, if he even knows what the word means, I'm
sure when he caught his mistake, he was probably pretty pissed.
I have to do it one more time.
The first crash happened in Bucocki.
Anyway, Arcadian, I'm sorry to keep interrupting, how was your week, how was your day?
Uh, let's see, Novomani moves, uh, this weekend, like, on Friday, uh, I found a praying menace that was, uh, on the ceiling of my bathroom, and he hung out for, like, until the day, and then I decided to take him outside, and then, it seemed like it was too hot outside, it seemed, I put him in a shady spot, but he seemed to be, like, uh, melting, or something, so I put a little bit of water on him, and threw him in the bushes, and he disappeared, about a week, I mean, about an hour later, so he may have been, bird food, or may have crawled off.
to find some bugs. Or, who knows. The Circle of Life. And the rest of the day was just
boring. Watched a few episodes of Upright Citizens Brigade that I had on CD.
That show rocks. Yeah. And Play Along the Computer. And I don't
know what else. That's about everything for me.
Alright. I'll talk about My Week and My Day and then we'll get to Jonas. My Week and My
my day was pretty good. Didn't do a whole lot during the week. Just a lot of work, you
know, the usual stuff. Then yesterday, I actually met some friends of mine from LiveJournal
who live up in Seattle, and they're also on our Final Fantasy XI link shell, so I've known
these guys for a long time. They go by Wither and Ataluta on our Final Fantasy XI link shell.
They were down here from Seattle on a total whim, where I guess they were gonna go to
Marine World for one of the birthdays. And so they called me up and was like, hey, let's
hang out. So I'm like, okay. So I went down there, and I took them to San Francisco, and
We all went to the Metreon, which, you know, kind of a famous place in NorCal DDR history.
It was one of the first two places that really had a lot of DDR and had big tournaments.
So I took them there so they could, you know, be at the Metreon.
And there's just other cool stuff there too, like the official Sony PlayStation Store and
things like that.
And I actually played a game of DDR.
Ataluta forced me to play a game of DDR up on the third floor where the movie theater
is.
They have a DDR machine.
And I played a game.
Huh?
Yeah, Jamie you and I played on that back when it was a fifth mix I think but now it's an extreme and
We would have gone to Pier 39 now. We would have gone to Pier 39. How do we have more time?
I was a little pressed for time yesterday
so I
Just I only had time really to take them to the Metreon because public transit goes right by there the bar and to get on
Get to Pier 39. We would have to take a bus would taken too long, but next time I'll make him come back
but we went to the Metreon and
and played a game there, and you know what?
DDR still gets crowds of people.
Like, we were playing Cowgirl,
which is not that complicated of a song,
it's just a fun one,
but there were just huge crowds of people
that hear the little gallop,
doo, doo, doo, doo, doo, you know?
Cause we're trying to get extra stage, right?
That's an easy song to get extra stage with.
So, we were playing that, and it was just, it was funny.
It was good.
And then he played doubles,
and he got a hell of a crowd doing that.
It was pretty funny.
So.
Cowgirl.
I'm just surprised that DDR still gets big crowds like that.
I guess in a city like San Francisco, big touristy spot, maybe people come there, they
don't get out that often, I don't know.
I don't know.
Well, the reason why DDR is still popular is because, one, it's the only game that has
exercise involved, really.
Yeah, that's true.
But then I went downstairs and I bowed down to the DDR 1.5 mix that they still have there.
I missed 1.5 mix a little bit.
Actually, I miss 5th Mix and I miss 4th Mix+, and I miss some 3rd Mix Koreans too, because they're all either extreme or they're extreme these days.
Maybe you see a Max 2 still once in a while, maybe you get a 4th Plus if you're lucky, but what happened to all the 5th Mix?
I remember when I used to hate 5th Mix, but I totally have a respect for it now.
I always loved 5th Mix, but there's no place that has that anymore.
When it first came out, I hated it. But the reason why I hated 5th Mix when it first came out
was because I was still kind of in that new phase to DDR.
I was in that transitional phase. When I first played DDR, USA was all I knew.
I played USA, USA, USA.
And then, finally, we picked up a fourth mix.
So I was really just starting to discover a bunch of those older songs, like the old
Erotic songs and stuff like that, which were really
my thing that I loved. And right as I was discovering those,
5th Mix comes out,
And when that came out, what was the first thing that Fifth Mix did?
It was the first mix to delete songs from older mixes, in mass.
Now I'm not talking like onesies, twosies, like Strictly Business,
so many men deleting songs like that, but I'm talking Fifth Mix was the first time
they cut a whole bunch of songs from second to third mix.
And I was pissed, because like all the good erotic songs I liked to play were gone,
and all the cheesy stuff from Third Mix, like If You Can Say Goodbye and Flashdance,
all that shit was gone. It was sad.
How did you point out that 4th Mix deleted stuff from 3rd Plus?
They deleted a couple of the Korean songs, right?
Yeah. And what other?
It was one other, I thought, that they did that wasn't...
I'm talking about like 30, 40 songs. 5th Mix got rid of like
30, 40 old songs. And so I kind of was pissed off about it.
And then add on to that, the frame rate changed, the interface was radically different.
I didn't like it at first but now that you know
now that I've played Max and Max 2 and Xtreme to death
to go back and play 5th Mix is a lot of fun because there were a lot of songs
that only ever showed up on 5th Mix. I know
but too bad Konami won't put them in. I mean like Moonlight Shadow
or Moving On or there's like a lot of songs on 5th Mix that are so good
well the nice thing is a lot of those songs are coming out now in the US it's
like it's kind of weird because between extreme and Ultramix 2 we're getting a
lot of fit mix-ups. Moonlight Shadow is going to be an Ultramix 2.
I heard about Ultramix 2 who's making the steps and stuff.
Yeah but you know crazy. Crazy stuff. Anyway I heard this Maximizer song.
Did you actually hear this song? No, I just heard about news about this Maximizer.
We'll talk about all that a little bit. I'll get into extreme news a little later
because there was big extreme news this week. I want to ask you guys some
stuff about it. But, first off, where the hell was I? Oh yeah, the Metreon. So, we left
the Metreon and then I came back and I went to a Halo party last night. Somebody was having
a birthday party and they had a Halo party and as nerdy as it sounds, we actually had
a lot of fun. One team had their TV outside and we ran a big cable. The inside, it was
great. I was playing with this girl who I'd just met last night and she'd never played
Halo before and she was hilarious. We were having fun playing. My friend whose birthday
it was, we played and it was great. Halo is a great party game. When that thing gets on
Xbox Live, it's over. It's over. Anyway, that was pretty much it. That's all that's worth
saying about my week and my day. Moving on. Jonas, how was your week? How was your day?
My day was pretty actually, this whole week's pretty good so far. I got new shoes. I actually
We can play DDR hella good with them. Started to double-A a lot of stuff with it.
And heard some news about Tuesday's tournament in Scandia.
Not sure if you all heard about it.
Oh, yeah, you heard about the overnight one or something? They're doing like a block-in?
It's like back-to-school bash.
Oh, yeah.
Weren't we gonna go crash this tournament? Weren't we talking about going to crash it?
I was gonna go as Dr. Dick and...
I could if my foot was better, and it still hurts, but after ten days, that's up there.
I'm so out of shape, I cannot play anything.
I was all, ugh, ugh, ugh, ugh, ugh!
Jesus, man, Jesus.
I'm kinda worried about how the rules are going to turn out. All he says is PA in freestyle.
When is this tournament?
Tuesday at 7 o'clock.
Tuesday?
7 o'clock p.m. That's during Jamie's show. I think I'm gonna go. I want to go win it.
The prize is a trophy. Oooh! It's a trophy? Because I'm betting all the good players in
Sacramento don't know about it, like Toady and Moogle Hunter and all that. They don't
know about it. They actually know about it a little bit. God dammit, who told them? Who
told them? DDRUK.com. Fuck. Blame them. Why the fuck would DDRUK be talking about a shitty
little tournament at Scandia. Why? Why would anyone want to give that tournament the time
of day? Well, because people are like, some of my workers at Paradise Island went to Scandia
and stuff, it's just a thing. I'm going to go and I'm going to break Toady and Moogle's
legs and then I'm going to win it. And I'm going to win me a shiny trophy. You can also
get it for freestyle as well. There's like two people, only two people entering. That's
That's right! White people can't dance! It's on! It is so on!
Don't worry, I'm not competing. So, you have a high chance.
Bring it! Bring it!
Oh, you want me to compete?
Bring it!
Alright, I'll compete.
I'm gonna make something up, and I'm gonna beat you. It's already been rotten!
You came close on the marshmallows.
That's just because I know how to work a crowd, but that's alright.
Or you can reserve for SVGL on December.
I'm not talking about these things yet.
Okay, we'll discuss that later on.
Well, we can say now there is a tournament that's going to be at Sunnyvale Golf Line in December, but I'm not...
I'm thinking about doing something special, but I don't know yet.
It's only DDR4++, I'm assuming.
They're not using Xtreme Zola 4++ for freestyle.
Oh, I know that made that's the reason why I want to do it same here stream is used fourth plus it like retro
Old is new again. I love the 90s all over again, right?
Hey Rob, if you're going to that thing, can I go because you need a cheering section?
I hella need a cheering section
I'm sure I'm sure I'll end up going if I the question is if I'm gonna enter or not
I'm thinking about doing my very first like actual freestyle. That's the thing. I don't know. Yeah, I don't know
You got two days unfortunate
I was going to say if Rob goes then Magus and I will carpool with him maybe if he lets us and we will be his cheering section because we can.
We'll see. I'll let you guys know if I end up going to this tournament Tuesday at Scandia.
I'll probably be there since I didn't get any tickets for the WWE event at Arco Arena.
Oh, yeah, see there's more competitors that are gonna be gone, because they'll go to that, so.
Yeah.
Shit.
You got that SmackDown event.
I got three days to come up with a routine, damn.
I gotta find my copy of Extreme.
Okay, let's see what else.
It's also on DERFreak.com since everyone heard about it from DERUK.
Okay, um, also I wanted to say fair, it was pretty good except the prices are damn expensive, 10 bucks for a ticket, 25 bucks for a wristband, or 20 if you get a coke can.
How much for a hot dog on a stick?
Don't ask, it's like 8 bucks or so.
How much for an egg roll on a stick? And cheesecake on a stick?
Let's just say the lowest price for the-
And your mom on a stick.
That's priceless.
Okay, okay, okay. Yeah, most of the stuff there is like not even, the least expensive
is like six bucks. And those are the funnel cakes. The most expensive is like 25, just
for regular dinner.
Oh, 25 bucks for one of those shitty little carts serving you dinner?
Yeah, one of them is that much. Most of them, you can see on those other restaurants, there's
only one that you cannot get, it's only exclusive for State Fair, and those are the funnel cakes
and the fried Twinkies.
Unless you know how to make them, then you can make the fried Twinkies yourself.
But Funnel Cakes is exclusive to the State Fair.
Oh yeah.
Alright.
And the fact that parking is expensive as hell.
Like seven bucks for parking. Used to be like six.
And I'm assuming there's a DDR arcade section at the State Fair on the kids section.
Oh yeah, don't they usually have DDR at the State Fair every year and people go to dance to show off and try to get crowds?
try to get crowds, the people that love attention and stuff, which I'm certainly not accepted
from that.
I think it's on the eastern gate, I'm assuming, because I haven't been there yet, since I'm
going there on a Saturday yet again. There goes my wallet.
All right. Anything else you want to-
Wait, did you say you were going on Thursday, Jonas?
Saturday.
Damn, I'm going on Thursday. Somebody in here knows why I'm going on Thursday.
Yes, I know what's going on Thursday.
There's a concert Thursday she wants to see.
Interesting.
Ooh.
All right, anything else you want to share about your week and your day, Jonas?
Not much, just work, school, and that's about it so far.
Fair enough.
All right, I opened up the Skype line if anybody has a comment so far.
If you don't know anything about the Skype line, it's time to educate yourself.
head on over to our website www.orangeloungeradio.com
click on that little tab that says interact with us.
Remember, when we're in that do not disturb mode
with the little red circle with the line through it,
means do not disturb.
We're not taking calls.
But we are right now.
That icon's not on right now.
We are taking calls.
We're gonna go to a break if nobody wants to call.
Ooh, we're getting a call.
Hello, you're on Orange Lounge Radio.
I hope we can hear this person.
Can you hear us?
Yes, I can.
There you are.
Turn up your volume just a little bit more.
Who beat this?
Legend of Zaku.
It's Legend of Zaku calling in, but he's very, very quiet.
If there's any way you can turn up your mic volume, go for it.
Huh?
Oh, all right.
Yes, I can.
There we go.
Little bit better.
What's on your mind?
Huh?
What's on your mind?
I don't know.
Let me see.
I just moved.
you just moved
yikes
yes i can hear you better now
what up
uh...
you know i'm trying to prepare i need help
no i just need help for a freestyle routine because i have this big tournament in jacob
davitt center in new york city
he needs help with a freestyle routine what
What advice can he give to somebody? I'll ask Jonas, because he's the only one here.
I have one suggestion.
Alright, yes, dark sacraments.
Don't use an orange bat, you will lose.
Yes, don't use an orange bat, you'll lose.
Jamie and I know this from experience.
Okay, but, yeah, they're holding the thousand up.
They're holding...
Alright, we're losing the connection, Zaku.
I'm going to let you go.
Tune into the show, we'll answer your question, okay bud?
Thanks for calling.
Let's answer, let's finish answering Zachary's question.
How do you prepare for a freestyle?
Jonas, what do you go through,
what are the motions you go through
when you're preparing for a freestyle routine?
Okay, the first thing to do is,
the best best is to put a step chart.
That's my recommendation, a step chart would work
because you can tell what moves you're gonna do
and prepare, you know, like a documentary.
Yeah.
Okay, I'm losing you, Jonas.
Grab the bottom of the microphone there.
Push that cord back in a little bit and try again.
Sorry, bud.
Hello?
Yes.
Does it work?
Yes.
Okay.
Damn it.
Oh, okay.
The best best to print a step chart, like DDMAIN.com, look for the step chart, the song
you want, print out the step chart, and use that as a document, which you want to do for
the song itself.
All right.
Like, you can write, ooh, I could do a spin here, or a split, or wave your hands.
Okay, actually, yeah, he's correcting us in the channel right now.
He doesn't want to know how to set it up.
fine. He wants to know what song he should do. What songs should he do? What songs have
not been used to all hell that are freestyle-able songs in your opinion, Jonas?
It depends on what stuff he wants to do. Like if he wants to do like, achas or salsa like
you can go like, La Bamba, La Copa de la Vida or anything like that.
I want to see a really good routine to gamlande couple personally.
That was actually pretty tough, but it's doable.
If you want to do something like, um...
Like, Orbeez, like...
Sweet style, like, Heaven is His 57 McTighe Grey would work.
Hey, God, for the love of God, no! No indeed dropping!
Alright. I thought...
We're gonna go... It's Raining Man. No comment. Heck yeah, it's Raining Man. Heck yeah.
I'm just reading the post of Unknown Gamer's thing.
If you want to go feminist, just go for it. It's Raining Man, I Do, I Do, I Do, Cowgirl,
any of those B4U songs.
And if you want to go old school, just play anything that's from Naoki.
That works.
And if you want to challenge the hell out of yourself, play
like those maxes. Alright, we're going to go ahead and go to a break here, and in this
break, since we were talking about Fifth Mix, I thought maybe we could, you know, respect
Fifth Mix a little bit by playing some songs from it. So, we will be right back after this,
you guys
Far away on the other side
She was caught in the middle of a different fight
And she couldn't find how to push through
She danced through the evening
Carried away by a moonlight shed
She sang her soul and breathing
Carried away by a moonlight shed
She pushed her toe up to feel the weather come
Far away on the other side
He was shot six times by a man on the run
And she couldn't find how he pushed through
I said, I said, I prayed to you in heaven one day
Falling in the morning
Carried away by a moonlight shed
I watched your vision burning
Carried away by a moonlight
2.
).
3.
4.
5 & 4.
7.
8.
9.
10.
11.
12.
13.
14.
15.
16.
17.
18.
19.
20.
21.
22.
23.
24.
25.
26.
27.
28.
29.
30.
Alright, for this last song in the fifth mix break, Jamie wanted to play this one especially
for you guys.
This is Dark Sakura's pick just for you.
I love you guys so much that I thought you'd really want to hear this, so there you go.
I'm not that innocent
I think I did it again, I made you believe we're more than just friends
Oh baby, you might seem like a crush, but it doesn't mean I'm serious
Yeah
Yes, my problem is clear, I'm dreaming away Wishing I'd see you grow, that you'd make me feel
I try watching nowadays, can't you see I'm a fool In so many ways, but you lose all my senses
That is just so deeply clay me, oh baby
Oh, I did it again
I played with your heart
Got lost in a game
Oh baby, baby
You think I'm in love
Then I'm done from above
I'm not that innocent
Oh, I did it again
I played with your heart
Got lost in a game
Oh baby, baby
Oh, you think I'm in love
In a band, in a band, in a band, in a band...
...happened in bu- uh, bu- uh, bu- coffee, but...
Please listen to Orange Lounge Radio, because real radio makes Captain Jack cry.
We are back. Excuse me, I'm eating a gummy worm. It's very pleasant. We are listening
to Orange Lounge Radio. Here we are, back with episode 109. We're talking about freestyle
a little bit before the break there. And, um, oh yeah, if you're wondering what the
hell happened in the chat room, if you were in our chat room, OrangeLoungeRadio.com, click
on chat we had what's called a net split and this happens from time to time IRC
it's a bunch of computers all linked together for the purposes of chatting
and when you connect to our server you're connecting to one of them well
sometimes the communication line breaks and that means half the people go one
way and half the people go the other way so we had a little bit of a net split
there but it looks like it's fixed we're okay now so don't don't be afraid of our
chat room there's many other reasons to be afraid of our chat room other than
the net splits. That's all. Jamie picked that one just for you guys, by the way.
The Rochelle. Oops, I did it again.
Uh, have people liked it?
Yeah, I threw in a little bit of the bukkake thing, too.
Because Tom Brokaw likes bukkake.
Yes, he does.
You heard it here on Orange Island Radio.
I'm gonna run this joke into the ground tonight. I like having jokes so we can run into the ground.
Crash happened in bukkake.
Tom Brokaw's getting old.
What? He's been doing news since I was five. He's quitting
finally, like this year I think. He needs to retire. Him and Dan Rather.
Dan Rather's still doing the news. You know, Phil Donahue got his clue. He ended his show.
Way back. But then he got a new one on another network.
No. And then it tanked. Yes he did. He was on MSNBC for about three months.
Then it tanked. Because they got too used to his talk show.
See, once you go, you know, public mass
You know, audience, you can never go back. It's over.
That's why Ricky Lake will never act again.
Except in John Waters movies.
Except in John Waters movies.
There's a new John Waters movie coming out soon. I'm so excited.
It's NC-17, so it's back to his roots. Good stuff.
All right.
Anyway, I thought we could actually talk about some actual Bamani news that's going on this week.
How was your week? How was your day?
Didn't we finish? How was your week? How was your day?
Oh, that's right. We did.
I'm like, drugs remember?
Yeah, Jamie's on drugs tonight you guys, since we about doubled our listeners since the start
of the show, why don't you explain to everybody what's going on, Jamie?
My nose hates me.
I've been like, major allergy attacks since like, Friday.
So I'm on DayQuil, and Tylenol allergy sinus, and this Afrin stuff that you shoot up into
your nose.
And then this Vicks stuff that looks like a dildo.
Look at this!
I got this this one of those little it's just it has like the Vicks stuff in it so you inhale
the fumes you know like when you put Vicks on your nose but if you take the wrapper off
of it it looks like a dildo I put it up on the cam before doesn't it that kind of like
a little too it looks like a tampon it just sort of looks like a tampon too but can you
put it can I go put that on our webcam I did it once but here put on the camera again but
join our site at uh orange lounge radio.com and you can see the webcam right on the front
page and I'm gonna go show off this this nasty little thing my Vicks tampon you
feel the fumes but um I got another drug I got Benadryl now and they have
dacral sinus so I'm taking that too
don't put that I have it in my Rob is sick I'll put a tampon in his nose
Ew, Rob.
That wasn't really in my nose, Jesus.
Alright.
But, um, I don't know what I like, what I hate more, because I've been, like, sniffy
drippy all day, and my nose had this burn in it, like I had this sneeze.
I sneezed the whole way here, I nearly ran into some truck that was carrying, like, panes
of glass.
I thought I was going to die.
By the way, Rob, will you put a stack on the screen for me?
Oh, my bad.
Thank you.
So, I took Benadryl right before I came in, and I've had ice cream, so I'm hoping that
they counteract each other, but if I fall into a coma halfway through the show, blame
the drugs.
We won't.
I'll be just like Ozzy Osbourne, back when he was cool.
He's still cool.
What are you talking about?
You know what's funny?
In my law book, because I'm taking business law, they brought up that case from the 80s
the kid listened to the Ozzy Osbourne suicide song and shot himself, the one they thought
had subliminal messages and all this crap in it, and it was funny, that was in my book.
There's also another case in there about this woman who was suing the US government because
a plane fell on her house.
What?
Law is funny.
Okay.
Okay, anyway, I'm just going all the way off on tangents.
That's alright, that's alright.
And as you know, the one that I'm referring to was Ozzy Osbourne because I did my homework
and read my book.
So they talked about an Ozzy Osbourne case.
About the song that, um, it was, uh, no, I read the goddamn book, don't argue with me,
okay?
You are not taking my business law class, I am taking the business law class.
They referred to, Ozzy Osbourne's first name is John, okay?
They had him by his name in my god damn book, and it was freaking, okay, do not argue with
me because I am always right, okay?
It was an Osborne case where it was a song about how easy it is to kill yourself, about
you can slowly drink yourself to death, and then it was, and the guy killed himself, and
they were, his parents were trying to blame Ozzy Osborne for killing himself, for killing
the kid, but they actually, it got turned over because, had they ruled in the parent's
favor, it would have been a violation of the constitutional right for freedom of speech.
By the way, speaking of freedom of speech, you remember the little thingy that I posted
in my live journal about the RIAA getting a finger from the 9th Court of Appeals.
That was beautiful.
I don't know the link off the top of my head because it was kind of long.
If somebody who is on my friends list can get that out of my live journal and post in
the chat room for me, the federal government basically, well the 9th court of appeals basically
turned over that the person to person share programs like Bittorrent, there's Bearshare,
LimeWire, those like that, are legal.
Also, they shot down the plans that they were wanting to do in the copyright laws because
it would have interfered with I think some of the commercial law under the Constitution
and I think it's pretty neat, pretty neat that the ironic thing is that the 9th Court
of Appeals also was the one that did the Napster case back in the day, but yeah I was peeking
and through the news, I saw that and that was really cool, so.
All right.
I'm sorry, I didn't mean to.
No, that's all right.
I had to load up some of the news anyway.
That affects all of us.
That affects the show.
I know you all pirate.
They're also saying that, like what we do through Live 365,
perfectly fine.
Yeah, well, what we did through Live 365 was always legal.
So, anyway.
Yep.
Anyway, I wanna get into some Bahmani news,
some actual Bahmani news.
going on in the Bahmani world this week. And one of the biggest stories actually broke
on Monday, so it's almost old news to a lot of you guys right now, but I kind of want
to talk about some of the kind of repercussions behind this. For those of you that may not
have heard, get out from under your rock and here's what's going on. GamePro.com ran this
article on Monday that talked about the upcoming DDR Extreme that we're all getting in the
US. And in this article, it included some screenshots. Well, whoopsie daisy, somebody
let them have a copy of the already unlocked version of the game, and because they showed
off the screenshots, they blew about 18 of the unlocks. And I know for, well, I guess
I shouldn't say this, I know for a fact, but I know that one of them was kind of one of
the ones that I think Konami kind of wanted to keep a surprise, and that was You're Not
Here by Heather from Silent Hill 3. Konami kind of wanted that to be a surprise when
game actually comes out whoops cover got blown on that one as well as the cover
got blown on three two one stars a absolute b4u the b4 za beat mix trip
machine trip machine survivor sugaru v and of course you're not here and the
article went ahead and said oh by the way maximizers in the game what did I
say what did I say what did I say uh-huh I think so now you should listen to me
fucking idiots what it now for those that just started listening to show what
exactly do you mean by that I only called Maximizer like what how many
months ago how many months ago it was like at least three or four months ago
probably even before that anything is when DDR extreme came out the for the
Japanese console system so whenever the fuck that was probably I don't know but
I called it a long-ass time ago everyone said no that's so wrong because
This next period is the last one, but HA! I was right! I was right! I like being right.
Uh, message from the chat room. Unknown Gamer says, tell Loki to shut the fuck up, he's a dork.
WE BAN YOU!
Alright, um, I'll play You're Not Here for those guys that haven't heard it, because this isn't a Kiriyamoka song, it rocks from Silent Hill 3, I will play that in this next break, but...
What do you guys think about this? Oh, I forgot to say Sugaru Apple Mix, my bad.
Who cares? Alright. Oh, but then the screenshots also revealed that some of
the Oni songs
now have basic trip maniac steps, but some don't. Like the Wild Rush
don't. But I think... I want to say it was Sugaru
does. What's up with that? Yeah,
the Apple Mix does. Well, I think it was the Apple Mix. I know one of them I was
looking at had
a basic maniac trick steps all of a sudden.
And it was like okay, so they went and did him for some but not for others
It might even be for you the befores the beat mix and I know hysteria 2001
They have basic trick and maniac steps. Thanks to
What was it the dancing stage games? So it's very possible. Those might be your mixed steps
This is true. Somebody told me that the love at first sight
You know how the maniac steps were in the there were maniac steps in dancing stage
age, but they were really easy. It was like a four-footer. That is the exact same steps
as Max2USA's trick steps. Somebody told me that a while back. I never went back to verify
that, but it sounds legit. Interesting. Anyway. But, I don't know. Any reaction to this, because
I was kind of, with all the clue given, you know how those folks that work at Konami,
they like to give clues, and we had Seagrid here a couple weeks ago, and he was kind of
telling us why they don't go to the extreme threat anymore.
But nonetheless, they give out clues.
They work hard to keep this stuff a secret.
And then, kaboom, it's all spoiled.
What do you guys think about that?
I think it's hilarious, trusting GamePro with
anything, because that magazine sucks.
They don't even provide free demos.
What the hell is that?
God damn it.
If you want to stay competitive at this day and age,
you need to provide free demo discs so that people can steal
them out of your magazines. If you have a comment, you can call in on our Skype line
if you have something you want to say. Oh, I'm being told that the challenge songs do
not have new steps. Well, let me see where I got that from. It was somewhere in that
preview story. It talks about the screenshots. Let's see if I can find it. Where one of them
them had. I'm going to the site and I'm going to post the link in the chat room if I can
find them. There they are. Sugru Apple Mix, light, standard, heavy. Oh, right there. And
they say the screen shot is off center. Oh, so maybe somebody was scrolling around or
something was going on there. So maybe that's what happened there. Not sure. Interesting.
Well, like, well, looking at it that way it does look like the song's a little bit off
So maybe the steps hadn't updated yet. Who knows?
Alright, well, it's nevertheless it's adding fuel to the fire that there are hidden steps or something. So whatever
Whatever so we might be wrong it wouldn't be the first time please. All right
Yeah, yeah, we have older makes two news too, but I'm just I'm kind of curious
I'm curious. GamePro kind of blowing the lid on this stuff. Is this... Do you think it could affect them getting demos from Konami in the future or do you think Konami is just kind of like eh, we were done with the extreme people anyway, forget it, let the list be spoiled or what do you guys think?
Since nobody... Oh yes.
It was bound to happen anyway because you know that always happens, you know, someone's gonna leak a list or something is gonna happen
That's gonna just totally throw off the plan
Although honestly, I really think that before you print any screen captures or anything. You should run it by
you know
The people who are giving you the authority to do the article, right?
Yeah, it's very true very true
Uh, let's go to the Skype line.
Zaku's trying to call back, so let's see if we can hear him now.
What's up, Zaku?
Uh, I'm hearing...
Hold on, I'm hearing that, uh, you know, I'm hearing Star Mine is gonna be up for Ultra
Mix 2.
Is that true?
Yes.
Star Mine is confirmed for Ultra Mix 2.
Is there any other Beatmain and 2DX songs confirmed?
Yes.
Uh, Root 80s was one of them, and who remembers the 2DX songs that were confirmed?
VJ Army was one of them.
Wow.
Oh hell, I don't remember the whole list right now.
I mean...
Some other B-menius, actually we're going to talk about Ultramix 2 in a little bit,
but those are the only ones I can think of off the top of my head.
But there are brand new ones that are in Ultramix 2, it's pretty cool.
Okay.
Anything else?
Let me see, I'm trying to think...
Right on the light was another one. Thank you, Jason.
Alright, well if you think of it, if you think of it, call us back later, dude.
Alright, thanks.
Alright, bye.
So, yes, Ultramix 2, a nice little segue in Ultramix 2 because we did get some new songs announced for Ultramix 2 this week.
We had two songs announced, Paul Oakenfold doing an Elvis remix of Rubberneckin' which was a fairly popular hit a couple months ago, earlier this year.
this year so it's kind of neat to see that in DDR and we have a beat mania
song from beat mania the final we have an athletic song that was confirmed and
the song is hit and slap and I'm gonna play that for you guys right now it's
only like a little over a minute so here it is something you'll be dancing to an
Ultramix 2 this fall. Athletics with a hit and slap.
I'm a cyber messenger, you at the end
Let us drop to the next zone
You know you're out of control
Come and throw to the end
Yeah, let us drop to the next zone
You walking in, breaking in to the face
Come and knock, child
Come and knock, child
Throw, throw, throw
Keep this faith, we're at the end
Come and knock, child
You're out of control
Come and throw
B-b-bit away, come and edge
I'm a conquer monster
Breathe away, you can sweat
Take the meat on first
In between, betray
Who the what must capture
Asletix with Hit and Slap, a new song announced for Ultramix 2 this week, kind of some mixed
reaction there in our chat room that, boy, it's rap, and usually you don't hear a lot
of that in DDR. Well, I remember when Sigurd was here, he said that UltraMix 2 was kinda
opening up the genre. It's a lot more than your regular kinda genres you typically hear
in a DDR. For those that may not have heard him yet, I'll play little clips. We actually
played these songs in their entirety in previous weeks, but here are some more songs that were
confirmed for UltraMix II, Echo Image with Skulk.
And of course a song we were lucky enough to be able to announce on air, Zonk with Tittle
tattle.
So it's a little weird but it's kind of, you know, I kind of like it. It's got a different
little sound to it I think could be fun for DDR with the right steps and they
have promised us the folks that made Ultramix 2 that the steps this time
different people making them gonna be different stuff gonna be good stuff so
we will soon see this November is when they rumored that that game would be out
so we will see so let's see should we go to a break and play the other songs we
said we play all right why not we're gonna play in this break a Kiriyama Moka
with You're Not Here, which is going to be a song that's going to be in DDR Extreme USA.
We're going to play that for you guys. And then we're going to play Pollock and Fold
with Elvis and Rubbernecken, because that's going to be in DDR UltraMix too. So you get
a little bit of both mixes. And actually, I encourage you all to go vote in the poll
on our website right now, because we're kind of taking a little poll over at orangelawnsradio.com.
Look in the upper right hand corner. I'm kind of curious, which one of these two mixes are
you planning on buying this fall? Or are you going to buy them both? Or are you going to
neither one. Go to orangelawnsradio.com and look up in the upper right hand corner. Right
now, 41% plan to buy DDR Extreme. 41% also plan to buy both mixes. That's pretty good.
And only 6% plan to buy UltraMix 2 only. So it sounds like most people that get UltraMix
2 are buying Extreme as well. Kind of interesting. But go vote in our poll, orangelawnsradio.com.
All right, here we go. We're going to go to this break, and we'll start off with Kiri
Amoka from DDR Extreme USA, you're not here. These, by the way, are full versions, so they're
about three minutes in length, not the DDR edits.
we'll be back
Blue skies turn forever, raindrops blow in the wind and dancing
It would be a much better sight with you, with me
If you hadn't met me, I'd be fine on my own, baby
Never felt so lonely then you came along
So now what should I do?
I'm strong out, I need to see you
My body aches, now that you're gone
My supply fell through
You let me give me everything you had and more
You craved my happiness
When you made me feel torn in major smiles
But now, I feel your stress
Love was never meant to be such a crazy affair
No, even who has time but you?
Never thought I'd sit around and unravel your love
To love
Oh, I feel your stress
Come on, come on, who has time for tears?
Come on, baby
Come on, come on, who has time for tears?
Yeah, yeah
All right now
Yeah, yeah
And now, as promised, from Ultramix II, Elvis Presley versus Paul Oakenfold, Rubberneckin'
Look and listen, baby, let's find the philosophy
I like how you bring me to this country
The first thing in the mornin'
You'd rather see magic
Look there, everywhere I see you
Hey hey yeah
Look at this sun baby
I find lots of teeth
It's all rough and naked
Hey hey yeah
Look right with me
Hey hey
People say I'm wasting time yeah
But I don't really care
I see what I like
I like what I see
It's my dream back home, child, all by myself
No team energy, I'm with you
Hey, stop, look and listen, baby
My philosophy is far up in neck and neck
Welcome
back to Orange Lounge Radio. Certainly a different style of music there in Ultra
Mix 2. I think it's pretty cool, though. I like the direction they're going in. I
think a lot of people are kind of getting sick of all the tran- now, not me
personally. I love the trance music in the Japanese mixes and stuff, but I think
some people- I think there was a call out there for some different stuff, and Ultra
Mix 2 is certainly stepping up and answering that call, so I think it's
pretty cool. Honestly, I have to say that I was getting kind of tired of the trance
myself, but- How could you get tired of trance? But that's not to say Ultra Mix 2
won't have its share of trance. I mean it does have some. I was actually getting tired of the
happy stuff. You know like like love, love, sugar, cavity. You know that type of stuff.
And speed mixes. I like the occasional speed mix but like too many of them is
wait. Hold on, Rice Princess is calling into the station, wants to say something.
What's up? Are you there?
Alright, if you can hear us, we can't hear you.
Double check your mic and call us back. Bummer.
Alright, also as a reminder, when you call us,
when our little red circle is on, we're probably not gonna see your call because
when we're
in do not disturb mode, that means we're doing other pieces of show.
That means we're doing naughty things. Irene lucked out and I happened to be glancing over when she was
calling in there.
But it didn't work, that's alright. We'll get back to her later.
Meanwhile, I actually wanted to mention this before the show tonight, and I actually kind of want to make doing this a regular thing.
Remember how I talked about starting up the Ultramix League?
I was actually online on DDR Ultramix before tonight's show, and it was actually kind of fun.
Yes, there are still people, believe it or not, that are playing Ultramix. It's amazing.
And I was on there playing, and that was the first time you'd ever really seen that in action, huh, DDRangel? You saw that. What'd you think of that, Angel?
The UltraMix stuff. I know I put the voices through the TV through a little bit too, although you could barely hear it, but what'd you think of that?
I thought it was really cool. I kinda want one now, see? But then again, I said that last week, so it looks like I need to save up my paychecks and just go for it.
just get everything like in a big fat bundle like if I need to save up until
ultra mix 2 comes out I'll do that and I'll just buy one and two the system
just everything and play so uh you have a DDR buddy now hmm
all right also what I noticed about ultra mix I thought was kind of funny
is that there's people on there that love to sing along to the songs with
their Xbox headsets on so that you can hear and like I was playing can't stop
falling in love and I heard this girl going and then you took the ferret and
you made it go off and they're like yes do it again it was funny so every now
and then I would just drop ferret noises on there or I would at the end I told
that woman I saw I told that girl I said something about like you're trying to
sing like Paul a Terry to throw me off aren't you but one thing that was kind
of annoying me about Ultramix that I really, really hope is fixed with Ultramix 2 is that
if I get a spot of lag, I get misses. Like, if I get, if I get any lag at all, I'll get
misses and boos. Like, even if I'm hitting the buttons, my whole game will freeze for
a minute with lag. That, I really, really hope they fixed that for Ultramix 2, because
that was annoying me. But tonight's the first time that's ever happened to me, actually.
It's probably because Loki was playing Final Fantasy XI at the same time.
Addict.
Oh yeah, blame me. It's all my fault.
I blame you.
So?
I invoke female privilege to just offer my opinion.
I'm laying down like this so that one side of my nose will drain into the other and I won't be all stuffed up.
Huh? I'm not on camera. My feet are.
Alright.
Look at the webcam. See my feet?
Have you played DDRXBox at all?
even unwrapped the shrink wrapping off of it. You should sometime. I was gonna go download
the song packs, but I got school. I do stuff now. I don't have a life anymore. I only played
for like 30 minutes before the show, it wasn't that much. I would actually sign on to Xbox
Live and play live on the show, but I don't know how well the voices would come out. I
don't know, should we try logging on right now, see if anybody's on? Sounds like a good
waster. No, Matt doesn't want to try it. Fine. I thought it could be an interesting piece.
Let's wait and do it when we know it'll work. I'm sure it'll work, it's just, I don't think
it makes for great radio. The only problem with it is that the music drowns out the people
talking. I think it would be hilarious if we could go on there and mess with people
live on air, but unfortunately the music of the songs, they totally drown out the voices
if you're running it through the TV, so I don't think it's going to work.
Oh well.
This poster is disturbing and frightening.
One for Rojin Z, which I've always wanted to see that and never have.
It's a really creepy thing. It's a creepy old man.
So anyway, my call to those of you that play on Xbox Live, please stop singing.
or wait until karaoke revolution xbox comes out
well you know getting that
see now the whole now the chat room saying do it
they want us to try it and do it
I should've kept my mouth shut maybe after the cage match I wanna give Loki
time to set it up if we're gonna do it
we're gonna do the cage match first though
we will do hold on I'm trying to find holic
I vote for Holic.
We have to set up our wires if we're going to get on DDR UltraMix, so...
Hey Rob.
What?
If I, like, bring Holic and then, like, add, like, an extra beat to the end, does that
count as a remix?
I can use Holic.
No.
Damn.
Alright.
Uh, let's see, we're going to go on to the Cage Match.
I gotta get the song skewed up, though.
Before we get to the Cage Match, let's plug our spin-off shows.
Monday Night, Diversion, 7 O'Clock, Bamani Remixes, It Rocks!
to it or you suck. Tuesday night. Is Pump Up the Volume? It's like supposed to start
at 7 for a pre-show, but I usually get really bored and start things around a quarter till
sometimes 6.30. Of course that's a specific time for all of our other time zone people.
7.30 starts the real show because I now have to get up for work at 5.30 in the morning
the next day. I have been cutting it off right at 10.30, 11 o'clock. You know, if I don't
have to do anything the next day or, you know, if I don't foresee the need for sleep, I'll
just keep going because I'll be like, oh wait, I'm still running the show, huh? Um, it's
supposed to be a request show, but it's really been more or less me just marathoning types
of music. The past few weeks I've been playing whole albums. Um, in fact, this past Tuesday
I played the Silent Hill 4 US soundtrack. So, um, who knows what I'll be playing this
Actually, I do believe that this week I'm going to be playing overclocked remixes.
Oh, cool.
So, I might need to go download some more, but I'm probably going to be doing a whole bunch of overclocked remixes,
and then maybe tossing in some anime themes, just sort of in the mood for that.
But I also, it's actually a special request from one of our listeners and a very good friend of mine, Marinchan,
because we got talking about the overclock remixes one night so
here you go, we'll play overclock remixes Tuesday
Wednesday night on the station if you were listening last Wednesday
you heard a special sneak preview we didn't announce it but the brand new
outside the box which is basically an upgraded version of vanilla sky
you remember that old show it's coming back its premiere is this Wednesday
seven o'clock on the station other video game types of chat and
random stuff so definitely tune in
for that okay do you want to do xbox live before after cage match
let's do it after we're gonna do after we'll get some folks in time to sign on
there too although
we don't want to play against people we know we want to play against random
people's we can mess with them so don't
log on just trying to find us is a good thing my name on xbox live is an orange
on radio or something
so people know which ones me so that's good what
if I like they make microphones and shit
for the Xbox, you know, karaoke game and we can plug it in where, like, you know, the
normal, you know, headset thing would go. I might be able to wire something where our
output can go into there. You know, while they're playing it, that'd be fun.
Well, you know, I think you can use just a normal micro... the small jack ones on your
controller. Yeah, because I broke my headset one time for PSO, and there was one that got
like a Radio Shack. Maybe we can do something. Alright, well anyway, let's get to the Cage
Match, so we can do the Xbox Live thing. Alright, the way the Cage Match works, we have some
new people listening tonight, so let me explain this. We're going to play three songs for
you guys each host brings one song to the table you pick your favorite of the
three songs by placing a private vote in our chat room www.orangelongsradio.com
click on chat and our kind regulars there will tell you how to place a vote
remember you can't vote until all three songs have been played so wait for me to
tell you to vote before you vote three songs you only get to hear a clip of
last week's winner though because you know it's the winner and you heard it
last week so I get to hear a clip and last week's winner this case was Loki
with two-time champion Nuon which is by supposedly it's by out phase phase out
but we know that the mp3 had to have been mislabeled so we're calling it
phase out so phase out is our two week in a row winner and here it is a clip of
last week's winner, song number one you can vote for tonight, Faze Out with New On.
All right, that was song number one in tonight's cage match.
That was Outfazed with Nuon.
Song number two comes from...
That's not Outfazed, actually.
It's Phased Out.
We're calling it...
Song number two comes to us from Jamie.
Okay.
Jamie, you want me to introduce your song then?
Jamie has brought to the table Bond.
know those four chicks with the violins that play classical music and it's called
shine it's the dub chakra mix and the reason why she picked this one is well
she likes yeah but it has samples from Afrinova it has samples from Afrinova in
it and for those that says she picked this song already she's saying it's a
different mix and I think it is oh you picked a different one all right well it
has bond and samples of Afrinova so see if you like it although it's not really
samples of Afrinova. It's just the fact, yeah, they're public domain samples that Afrinova also used.
It's not the one that I used before was, um...
It started off with, um, a really...
I'll play it on Tuesday. I picked a different song before.
I played this one on the show before to play the samples.
Right, I remember that. I remember that. Alright. Here we go. Bond with Shine.
the Dubs Chakra mix with that same sample in Afrinova. Alright, here we go.
.
.
.
.
.
AHHH!!
All right. That was song number two. Tonight's cage match. That was Bond with Shine, the
dub chakra mix. What do you guys think of that one?
I really like that song. It's just really laid back. I listen to it all the time.
It gets a 9 from me. I mean, I've listened to it a whole bunch, but I've intended to use it per cage match once and never did.
So I just figured I may as well do it now. I've said it on my show a few times.
I just really think it's different. It's really different.
kostjamrh I'll give it a 9 out of 10. It's pretty good soothing. I don't have that Afrinova part I heard.
But other than that, it's very well done with the violin and all that stuff.
Alright. Uh, a scale of 110? Oh, no, I'm sorry, I missed the night. Sorry. Uh, Angel?
Um, dammit. Okay, the mic's working. There we go. I heard myself. Um, 9.5. It's cool. I like it. It's Bond. That's like a given.
alright Loki it's okay honestly the samples of whatever
after Nova the tribal people do not fit in the song at all but whatever you know
it's bond so I'm gonna give it a lower score because it's bond bond doesn't do
any original shit anyway so they're gonna get a seven take is I just you
know I've heard that song and I'm just tired of that you know they can stop
anytime Bradley I thought was really cool what well the beat give it a nine I
actually like that song a lot as a song I'm just not sure I'm down with it for
like a cage match I don't know I just it's not just a bouncy-dancy the other
will you I think it would be very free-stylable I give it an eight as a
That's a song I give it a 9. That's a page match pick I give it an 8.
Alright. My turn. And I've picked a song by a band that's actually already in rotation on our station because they were on one of the Fantasia albums.
They're a really popular trance band. They're on Robins Entertainment here in the U.S.
Same label as Ian Vandal and Paul O'con- No. He's not on that label.
Ian Vandal and DJ Sammy is another big one on that label.
I'm kind of surprised they haven't ended up in DDR yet. The band is Lasko and this is their brand new single that just came out
It's called surrender just came out in the US this week. Actually, it's been out in Britain a little while
but just come out in the US this week. It's my pick, Lasko with Surrender. Enjoy.
To say that I can't trust you, I don't know Every time I'm near you, I lose control
be out of my mind to let you in. Maybe I should try to find my strength within.
It's only a matter of time and I will surrender. Just give me a little more time to open my mind.
Only a matter of time, and I will surrender, I'll surrender to you
Go!
The tears are leaving far behind
To resist you, I don't know how
Love sometimes can be unkind
Should I lay my heart on the line now?
When sensation comes along, I can't hide it, I can't fight it
Feelings inside are getting strong
Do not deny it
You've got it
It's only a matter of time, and I will surrender
Just give me a little more time to open my mind
It's only a matter of time, and I will surrender
We're in love, we're in love for you
every week. Trans is old. Trans is very boring. You have to be in the mood for it and too
much is too much of anything. However, that was still good. I like the song, but I'm just
so burned out on Trans right now that I can't stay with it. So, I'm actually going to be
nice. It gets an 8 from me because, I mean, overall it's really good. I'm trying to vote
as though I would have voted were I'm not tired of Trans. So, yeah.
all right who voted next uh jonas
i actually heard this song before it's one of the dream dance volumes i think
i'll give it an 8.5 have some repeated samples
kind of sound a little repetitive but the singing was pretty good and
it still sounds pretty good so all right angel
well uh let's see you know i'm a last girl fangirl so
You know it's gonna get a 10 from me.
At least I got one supporter, alright.
10 from Angel. Loki!
It gets a 10 because it's not Bond.
Ouch!
And a glare. I see a glare coming from Jamie.
Alright. Arcadian.
That was alright. Didn't seem all that great to me, though.
Sorta, sounded sorta generic.
I probably wasn't really listening to it.
I'd give it like 6.5.
I don't know. To me, it's like the quintessential trance pop song. Like, if somebody were to
say, Rob, play me some trance pop, I'd play that. I like it. It's cute. I give it a nine.
All right. Okay, here it is. We're going to recap the three songs you can vote for tonight.
Let's see if Nuon goes three weeks in a row, or if we get Bond or Lasko as a new champ
tonight. Here we go. Here's a recap. Song number one, Phase Out with Nuon. I always
I always pick that clip, I don't like it.
Song number two tonight is Bond with Shine, the dub chakra mix.
Song number three tonight is Lasko with Surrender.
Alright, guys. Place vote now. You may place your vote in the chatroom by sending a private message to Sky in the chatroom with your votes.
Alright. As promised, we're going to try this horrible experiment out. I don't think this is going to go over very well, but the chatroom asked we do it, so we're going to get onto Xbox Live and harass people randomly on UltraMix.
alright so let's see I have to get suited up here though let me let me head
over to get suited up let me get the mic over let me yeah yeah so you have to say
bye to the chat room for a minute Jamie because we're gonna switch it over and I
have to get suited up hold on somebody talk while I get suited up
Ah, he's putting on the headset.
You know, I remember that thing.
I remember having an indention in the side of my head from playing Phantasy Star Online
for six hours.
I'm kinda glad I quit.
Yeah, Rob?
Alright. Wait, aren't we gonna switch the camera over to Xbox, right?
Eh, it'll be fun.
p0k3smot42o my headset broke, we have a catastrophe
My headset broke. We have a catastrophe.
I'm getting suited up. Sorry guys, I broke my headset.
I have to set it up so we can hear the voices through the TV, which hopefully we will.
So I just changed the settings so that the voices will come through the TV, so hopefully
you guys can hear the folks that chat with me on Xbox Live.
Now chat listeners, don't join the game just because we're in it.
I know who you are, so I'm going to set up a match, and let's do a light song, because
I'm going to pretend to be somebody that doesn't know how to play DDR, and then I'm going to
regulate at the game, okay. So let's see, um, let's do, you want to do DXY? All right,
they want DXY. It's the old DXY banner. That's cool. All right, so we're going to do a match
on DXY. Okay, let's see if anybody joins. I'm going to do three public slots, we'll
See if anybody joins. I'm going to mute my mic for now.
Alright, so I'm waiting for people to join the match, so we'll see what happens here.
I think you'd get more players if you were on a harder setting.
No, actually, you'd be surprised. You get a lot of people on the light settings here, so we're going to see if anyone joins.
Um, Loki, any feedback from our chat room? Because you're a little closer to the chat room over there.
I know you're overworked here on this show.
this
leave it to somebody to try and ruin the god damn
did you see what happened there
yes somebody's trying to come in and ruin our live experiment here so that's
okay i think i'm blocking
i'll try that again
fake laws who always want attention on the more on
the way that i remember i can buy them
there we go if they joined their muted so we would be able to hear and so it
doesn't know good to join anymore
got a lot of xbox live alright
Let's try this again. Now we're sitting in there waiting for somebody to hopefully join, so...
Blocked! Ha ha!
Well, they're not blocked, we just can't hear them.
I know.
So they can do whatever they want.
So it doesn't matter.
Yeah, it doesn't matter what they say.
He's an idiot.
Alright.
I actually wonder if there's a way we can...
Try booting.
There is no boot option.
I'm gonna... You know what, Chat Room?
If this is all we're gonna get, is one loser with nothing better to do, then we're gonna end this segment.
And you guys suck for suggesting we should do it.
I don't know if we can...
I wonder what this does.
I wonder if you can send, like, a screaming feedback.
Nah. I'm not gonna bother. I'm not gonna bother.
I'm just gonna...
The thing's muted, so they can't do anything anyway.
Those are no good to be on.
Ooh, we got somebody.
Finally.
Yes, we got a match. Okay, now hopefully everybody says they can start. Yes.
Alright, set your mind down. I'll do commentary.
Alright.
Here we go. Are you ready? Dance!
Does anyone know how to play this game?
It looks like player one can take this one!
Yeah!
Let's hear it!
Player 2, you're on fire!
Player 1 has the advantage!
Watch out!
Call the fire department! We've got a five-alarm dancer!
Just disturb that.
Oh, wow!
Quick, call the fire department! We've got a five-alarm dancing!
Oh, no!
Player two, give it your all!
I missed like one step at the end there.
Let's hear it for player one!
Ha ha!
Wow, I won. How did I do that? I won. I can't believe it.
I'm so excited. I got three points.
Those guys were losers. They didn't even talk at all. What a waste of a segment that was.
I'm never letting the chat room pick a segment for us again.
You know the only good thing we got out of that segment?
Was getting to hear DXY.
You know what?
What?
I'd like to play the chat room.
You wanna play against chat room listeners?
No, I would like to.
Oh, I'm sorry.
Yeah, we'll switch it back over to chat.
Don't worry about that.
Loki's getting to work.
Great.
Yeah.
What a fun thing that that was.
What did we get?
We got one person with nothing better to do
than to stalk this show.
And we got two people who didn't even talk
we tried to you know get him to say stuff boring I think someone has a and
everybody got to see me break my combo at the end there and see what a horrible
DDR player I am God yeah you know I was I was gonna come up on the show today
and apologize for for you know bringing old drama in and everything you can't
apologize for something that somebody else keeps perpetuating that's fucked up
you need to stop that that message in the chatroom is from Loki he's mumbling
incoherently at the stupidity of some people yeah right at least I won so I
feel a little better at least I didn't get my ass kicked dumbass got like nearly
last yeah that made me feel a little pathetic that made me feel a little
better and I'm on a controller I'm trying to do a hold a controller and do
the show at the same time so I just wanted to share that do you think it's
wrong of me to be playing on a controller when other people when other
people are on dance pads they say no all right well I guess what we'll do is
we'll go to a break and when we come back we'll find out the winner of the
tonight's cage match and we'll do the F use of the week but please don't send
the F use yet because we'll get to those a little bit later okay guys I'm still
got a Cali the cage match vote so in this break what do we want to hear this
Let's do Five Key Stuff. I wanna hear Five Key Stuff. I wanna hear Prince on a Star. So we're gonna hear Prince on a Star.
Oh my god, you have to play, um, you have to play Lynn 1999.
Alright. Jamie wants to hear Lynn 1999, and, uh, how about the Metal Gear Solid song from BeatMania 3?
Hey, that's cool.
Alright, we'll be back after this. Enjoy.
He was walking along the road like strangers
Doing what they think he is more
He's been trying and trying for size
He gets lost the more that he tries
Why oh why?
He feels all the same
He feels all the same, try oh why
He says he's right
When the moon is too high
He gets lost
The more that he tries
Why oh why
He feels all the same, try oh why
I've got a woman in here I'm not afraid to help me out
RE-MAX
RE-RE-RE-RE-RE-MAX
We mixed.
Solid Snake, Solid Snake, Solid Snake, Can you hear what I'm saying?
Roll this down and take a man that wants a bag
I'm gonna kick your asses, beat them, kill them all
Down, what am I gonna do?
Down, what am I gonna do?
Down, what am I gonna do?
After this song, we'll be having a Let Them Move marathon.
Nooooooo!
Just kidding, Orange Lounge Radio, crap-free Bhavani Radio.
We are back with Orange Lounge Radio, and yes, you may have noticed a little while ago
that we disappeared from the Skype line for a little while because I was getting flooded
with phone calls. People were not understanding when the little red lights up, you don't call.
So I just went offline so people would stop bugging us while we're trying to do other
parts of the show. But I did bring it back up and it's online now and we're ready to
take calls if somebody wants to give us a call. And look, look at that, coming in right
now.
Who do we have?
Hello, you're on Orange On The Radio.
Hey.
Yes.
Can you hear me?
Yes, we can.
A long time listener, first time caller.
Oh, yes, okay.
I really like that show you play on Wednesdays. What's it called?
Oh, yes, Wednesday's show. I think it's called Outside Irene's Box. No, Outside the Box. That's what it's called.
Yeah, that's a good show. Everybody should listen to that.
Hey, that would be a great time. I think everybody should listen to that show.
And, uh, is it true you guys are gonna play a remix of that song, um, what's it called, from Silent Hill 4?
Um, which one? The Your Rain?
Yeah, aren't you gonna play a Your Rain remix? I heard about that.
That was a couple weeks ago that we did that.
What?
We did that a couple weeks ago.
Are you saying I missed it?
Yes, you missed it.
Aw, fuck!
But that, you know what, just for you, kind sir, I'll play it again later in the show.
Aw, thank you very much.
Oh, you're welcome very much. Thanks for calling!
Alright, bye.
See, that's a good Skype call right there. Alright.
I've played it every week on my show.
Have you?
Yes, I have.
Well then, you know.
Because I have marathoned the Silent Hill 4US soundtrack.
Oh, people should turn in.
If people listened, they would know.
I know, I know.
No one ever requests anything on my show either.
So, Skyblind's open if you want to call in.
Call us.
Pick up the phone.
1-900-HOT-POTATO
Some people never learn.
Hey, I'm just glad they're listening and keeping our ratings up.
This is good.
You know what?
What's that?
I have a theory.
Okay.
Um, I think that, that there was no sperm involved in that person's creation.
Anyway.
I think that it was Jell-O.
Let's, let's talk about who won tonight's cage match.
Uh, we have a new winner in tonight's cage match, finally.
Finally.
Loki has to pick a new song.
Cause we have a new winner.
Woohoo!
Woohoo! I don't have to do shit next week!
Bond won the cage match, and better yet, we're getting another call.
Howdy, you're on Orange Lounge Radio.
Hey, it is Dark Knight.
Hey, Dark Knight, how you doing?
Hello.
I'm all right, how'd I go?
Uh, we're pretty good. What's on your mind?
Not much. I'd say that the last call should make a classic call of the week.
Yeah, I think we should make that classic call of the week.
You don't want to do anything to try and one-up that call?
I can't come up with anything close.
Alright, alright. Hey, what do you think about how Ultramix 2's shaping up?
With some of those new songs announced this week?
It's pretty decent, but
I'm still like, no Xbox me, I'm not touching it.
I know, it was so hard for a long time to have to kinda
finally say oh I got a cave them by the Xbox but I tell you what once I got it
there is actually some decent games on it one or two but DDR is one of them so
it's it's worth it it's worth it I'd tell you what though on that suggestion
about having a few play against you yes I'm like somebody said no I'm chambering
what why you didn't play a heart song because I wanted I didn't want I wanted
other people that don't listen to the show to come into the game and play and
we would kind of mess with them a little bit like I'd say I'd never played DDR
before and hopefully they would talk, because usually the lamer people are the ones that
play the light songs. So I sort of was trying to bait some of the younger players and stuff,
but it didn't work. We only got a couple losers that can't get over themselves that wanted
to join and people that don't talk, so. What can you do?
It was yet another failed radio experiment on this show, but that's okay, it happens.
Trial and error, buddy, trial and error.
This whole show is one big failed experiment sometimes, it feels like, but hey, that's
all right.
No, it's not.
All right.
All right.
Oh, yes, Angel.
Hey, Dark Knight.
Hey, Angel.
Don't you have something else you want to say other than a shout-out?
Hi.
Hi.
Hi.
Hi.
Hi.
And he's cool.
Hey, Rob.
Yes.
Rob.
Yes.
Rob.
Yes.
Rob.
What?
What?
What?
What?
What?
What?
What?
Zeno in our chat room raises a point about the folks on Ultramix.
There's hardly anybody that wants to play the heavy stuff because a lot of
them are actually on dance pads.
And it's kinda hard to play heavy stuff on dance pads so he says nobody plays
heavy and from what I've seen that's kinda true.
Zaku's calling back so I thought we'd pick up his call. What's up, Zaku?
Woah!
I'm just wondering, what are the chances of, um...
I'm just wondering exactly why does Microsoft have favoritism towards Konami in that sense
because they get downloaded songs and while PS2 users get crapped on because even though
we already have a hard drive there's no way in God's green earth we're actually going
be able to download songs, so we're basically screwed.
Good points.
I'm going to go ahead and let you go,
because our connection's a little crappy.
But I'm going to talk about this point.
So tune back into the show.
We're going to talk about this, OK?
All right.
Why is it that UltraMix 2 folks get to download songs,
but the PS2 folks don't?
Why do you think that is?
My own thought is that I think they've
been trying to take PS2 games in one direction
and UltraMix in the other direction.
Because if PS2 had everything the Xbox game had, same song list, same everything, you
wouldn't buy both of them.
I would.
The few hardcore folks that would just be all about supporting Bomani, yes, they still
would.
But the majority of people would not buy both games.
But if PS2 is allowed to have its iToy thing going one way, and Xbox has its live thing
going one way, then, you know, that's to me kind of, I think, Konami trying to shape both
games in a different way.
two of the strongest points of each system and making that the focal point.
I don't think it has anything to do with Microsoft sucking Konami off to get them to do that
or anything, although I do know that Microsoft uses DDR UltraMix to show other developers,
hey, look what you can do with a game and how you can make money, because they've been
making a lot of money off those song packs. So, it's a smart idea for them to be doing
it. As to is it fair or not, well, honestly, being an Xbox owner and a Playstation 2 owner,
Xbox, it really, really does have the better online stuff. I mean, PS2 has good online
stuff, but it's just not quite as well developed yet, so I guess...
Yeah, I guess C-Star Online.
Yeah, I know. So, I think that's just the way it's going to be for a little while, but
PS2, I think there's going to be other things to account for that. And GameCube, don't...
I mean, sucks to be a GameCube user, because you're never going to see a DDR mix, probably.
Probably not. The only thing that GameCube has going for it as far as online play is
new PSO that's coming out for it but apart from that. Yeah, I mean, but that has nothing
to do with Konami and stuff. No. And again, it's nothing to do with favoritism or... Yes,
it just has, of the three, the worst online. I mean, seriously, it's not all that strong.
I mean, I talk to people who get booted off of it all the time. Yeah. You know, Xbox is
built to be an online system. Yes, it is. You know, you have to look, you know, I look
at it this way. A system is only as good as the games that are on it. And I have said
this since the days where people are going, well the Saturn sucks. Well, no it doesn't.
You're just playing games that suck. But if you take a look at the Xbox, it's built with
the online capacity. It's built with a hard drive. Look at the PS2. These are peripherals.
These are things that were added on later. The first model PS2, I have a Japanese PlayStation
it doesn't have anywhere to put a hard drive in it, I'm sorry.
It has to have an external hard drive. It's an afterthought.
You have to look at what a system is built to do and then see,
well, am I going to use this capacity that the machine has?
I do understand that the point's being brought up, but it just kinda sucks that you have to pay
an Xbox Live fee over and above, because on PS2 you don't usually have to pay extra fees,
maybe certain games. But on Xbox, if you want to play anything online, you gotta pay that extra fee.
So it's what's ten dollars a month? You know, it's nothing
But it's still I mean say it's it's a lot of money
Is it a lot of but a lot of the games that have online don't all don't often require that you pay for the online
With the game, you know, they're getting their back in this
Yeah, that's sort of a trade-off is that then the games don't really only games that I really see, you know
Justifying having that extra feel like for example fantasy star online because they have to mean they have to keep the servers up, right?
Well, it costs for maintenance there, so of course they're going to have to charge what
the $9 a month that it is.
That's the thing is that, you know, you're paying that little bit a month for the Xbox
Live, but for most of the other online, you're getting that for free.
And then some of the others, you're paying a very minimal amount to get it over.
But then, of course, it comes up, the fact that Xbox Live doesn't support dial-up.
That's just because it's so intense, all the bandwidth.
I mean, you saw what we were playing there.
We have voice going over.
You can do dial-up, but you have to get extra stuff, right? How would you hook that up, Loki?
Hell if I know. I know you can do it.
If you go to the Microsoft site, I think that they have a dial-up adapter.
There's a way to do it. I think over on DDR Freak there's a thread about how to get the service packs with dial-up.
I know somebody wrote an FAQ on that. I don't remember who or where it's at, but you can find it.
On top of that, though, I mean these days there's hardly any excuse not to have broadband.
Well, you may still live in an area that doesn't have it. Very possible.
Well, if you live in an area that doesn't have it, that's understandable.
But if you're thinking of expense, broadband now is, you know, sometimes cheaper than, you know, another phone line.
Very true.
All right, I'll open up the Skype line for a little bit more here, see if anybody wants to call in.
But otherwise, we're going to get into the FUs of the week.
We did, by the way, boys and girls, we had another net split, so about half our chat room can't get in.
So, let's take this call. Our old buddy Jason's calling in. What's up?
Hello, Rob.
Hi, Jason. How ya doin'?
I just heard you guys start mentioning the, uh, ILUT connections to Xbox Live and thought I'd give you a ring again.
Okay, yeah. What's up?
Um, well, you know, as we all know now, as soon as DDR3 comes back up, um...
Yeah, it's down today. What's up? Who broke it? Did you break it?
I talked... I talked Blue and J-Dog and they're... they're hashing something out, so they'll get it up hopefully sometime tonight, if not tomorrow morning.
I'm sorry I broke it. I was just too much for it, you know.
She coughed on it and it broke.
It caught my cooties.
What's up with the dial-up stuff in Xbox Live?
So when it's back up, there's two really good resources that Cutris posted in the console games forum.
One of them is dial-up users that want to connect to Xbox Live.
it's basically you have to create you have to get a connection on your
computer and then have a way of running another network cable out to the Xbox
because that's the only way of plugging it in and then do internet connection
sharing so Xbox you know connects and then it just uses your PC's bandwidth to
well to do the work what a pain in the ass it's something that I did for a
while before I got my router as a matter of fact Wow
UltraMix makes it really, really easy if you have anything else. Google.
Alright, Google. Alright, well thanks for the tip, Jason. I'm sure some of our listeners appreciate that.
No problem.
Alright, you have a good one, buddy. Anything else you wanted to say? Anything else about UltraMix or any of that stuff?
They'll appreciate it a lot more as soon as DDR3 comes back up and they can actually read how to do it.
Alright. Hey, was it just me or did that UltraMix segment kind of suck?
Uh, at the start of it sucked and yeah, it did. Nobody talked.
Yeah, well. I tried, Jason. I tried for you.
You're very good for doing so.
Alright, take care.
Thanks.
Why not? We're actually getting a lot of people on Skype now. It's kind of cool.
So, uh, open it up one more time. See if anybody else wants to call in.
If not, we'll go into the FUs of the Week.
I'm kind of waiting for our net thing to reconnect.
So, I don't know what's up, guys.
We may have to do the FUs of the Week with limited chatroom FUs this week.
I will open up my email.
Well, if we haven't reconnected yet, then I'll open up the email.
So, we'll see.
Alright, um, I'm gonna take this call because we haven't heard from this guy yet.
Hello, you are on Orange Lounge Radio.
Oh, hey.
Hey, who's this?
This is, uh, BlackDevilRx.
BlackDevilRx, what's on your mind tonight?
Uh, not much. I was just sitting here listening to the whole...
Little program we have, right? Have you ever listened to this show before?
Uh, no, actually, this is my first time.
Yeah, it kinda sucks, huh?
Nah, it's alright, it's alright.
I think we suck.
Don't answer that.
What's on your mind? What do you think about, what do you think about, like, UltraMix 2 coming out and stuff?
I mean, I don't know, I just kinda see how this works.
Are we your guinea pigs for testing this program?
sorta. Oh, well that's alright.
What do you think about the new DDR games coming out this fall? Are you planning on
picking one of them up? I think they're both great. I mean they have,
you know, an awesome selection of, awesome selections really.
What do you think about the whole fact that PS2 is not
online
and Xbox doesn't have iToy? Why do you think, what's your opinion on that? Why
do you think the games are going in completely different directions?
I don't know. I mean, they're both made by different companies as I understand
And PS2 has the Itoy thing, Xbox.
You're referring to those rumors that Harmonix had something to do with Xtreme, right?
Yeah.
From what I understand, those were proven to be false to some extent.
I don't know the details on that, but we have Konami of Hawaii.
There's some sort of thing that's wrong. I'm getting some sort of double post, like some sort of echo.
down your win app because you're hearing us twice, that's why. It's alright. Don't panic.
Everything will be okay. Don't panic. Okay, you're talking about how UltraMix is made
in Hawaii and Xtreme is made in Japan, right? Kind of that?
Yeah. Oh, okay. Alright. So you think maybe that
has to do with it? Yeah.
That's an interesting theory. Alright, anything else you want to share?
Uh, no. That's it. Alright, have a good one, buddy.
Alright, bye. Alright, bye. I'm liking this Skype line thing
now that people actually use it. Alright. Well, let's get into the FUs of the week,
shall we actually wait well there was one more person we hadn't heard from
that was trying to call in so I'm gonna see if if that person can get through if
you've already called us this segment please don't call back I can't pick up
because we already talked to you but there was somebody else trying to get
through that we hadn't talked to yet I was gonna give them a chance to get
through see if they call hmm no we'll see this is certainly a new thing for us
I don't know of any other internet radio station that does this for their listeners where they can talk on
Skype and stuff. Oh, okay. Oh, yeah. Yeah, there's one I forgot about I forgot that they do that to
Bad me station. Yeah our parents station under station live. All right for that for my mistake. I will give them a free plug
www.understationlife.org listen, they're awesome Travis and Jenna. Yes. Are they they're still doing their show on like Saturdays, right?
Yeah, it's something and they have spin-offs occasionally too. All right
Speaking of which, we have to give a shout out to the baby, because the baby turned one this week.
Aww, their baby turned one.
Yup.
Big radio baby.
Kieran.
Alright.
Well, I guess that person didn't want to call in, so we'll give another chance later.
But for now, we're going to do the FUs of the week.
Okay, now this is the way the FUs of the week is going to work tonight.
If you are on the wrong end of the split, you can send an email with your FUs.
Here's the address.
I'm only going to give it once.
Get a pen and paper ready. Ready?
robrob.com
If you have FUs and you can't get them in on the chatroom because of the split, send them over email.
rob at orange lounge radio dot com.
Ooh, I did it twice. I said I only do it once.
Alright, let's get to tonight FUs.
Jamie, why do we do the FUs of the week?
We're so full of to anger.
A big F U goes to my damn nose
for being full of snot.
I hate you allergies! I hate you!
I hate pollen, I hate the trees, I hate the grass, I hate the little animals, I hate anything
that's setting off my allergies right now.
Okay, I don't hate Shermie though, she's forgiven, because Shermie is, of course, the official
cat of Orange Lounge Radio.
Also, F you to the H2 for looking stupid, and F you to the Hummer for being expensive
because I want one.
Another big F.U. goes toward it being so busy at work because I, uh, it's hard to talk with
my, uh, throat hurting like this and everything, so that's a big pain in the ass.
F.U. to it getting hot again.
It was cold, it was nice and cool for a few days, and then the hot came back.
It was like 97 degrees today, that sucked.
um, an F.U. goes toward, uh, shoot, I had another one to name. Yeah, my air conditioning
for not working, and also to, uh, the repair guy, I don't know if it's the repair guy or
my apartment complex man, I mean, she's nice and everything, but I, uh, the first time
the repair guy came in, he, uh, just put Freon in it, and it was cool for, like, three hours,
it got hot again and I called her called the apartment manager to have the guy
come back and do it again and I don't think he ever came so um I'm having Dan
go talk to her. Dan is six foot four okay Dan is very tall and very large and when
he asks somebody to do something usually they will so yeah. Not that you're
threatening or anything. Not that we're threatening, no. I hate my nose again
because like at least it's not dripping like it was earlier because it was like
all day and I was sneezing all day but like the left side was all blocked up
and now the right side is and I like want it to make up its mind just not to
be blocked up and also a big SU to Benadryl where Benadryl works it like
makes me all like goofy so I hate my sentences and everything so that's it
Alright then, let's move on to Loki and his nephews of the week.
Okay, so my fault actually. I bit on the wrong wire, the wrong magnet wire, because I could have gotten this other stuff much cheaper and it would have been much better for what I'm doing.
And, um, so that sucks. And then also, I don't know, really nothing else to be mad about, um, just stupid drivers in general, um, people just driving like nuts, not looking where they're going, and every time, I'm sorry, Jamie, I'm sorry, this is these people, okay, not you, I'm not speaking for all women, but my God, every time there's someone stupid that cuts in front of me or does something retarded, like not looking or not signaling,
or something. I always look and it's normally an SUV and it's always a woman driving. On
the cell phone? On the cell phone. Always on the cell phone. It's like my god. It's
like these factors. I swear people do not need to be on cell phones while driving. I
never answer my cell phone while driving. So that really sucks and um other than that
really not too much else to be uh mad about other than um you know McDonald's food sucking
with
my turn
alright
uh...
let's see
uh... my view of the week basically goes to doubt don't get me wrong i
absolutely love my job
But work on Friday, I just had it.
I reached my breaking point Friday where I was like,
Calcon, take me away.
And I'm not looking forward to next week much either.
But I'll get over it.
I do love my job, and I love the people I work with.
So it's just that there's too much drama sometimes.
I can't deal with it.
Also an FU to the BART, the Bay Area Rapid Transit System.
Because if I want to use my ATM card on BART, I have to buy
a $20 ticket minimum.
$20.
when it only costs like eight to get to san francisco and back
bastards
that's highway robbery
i'll lose the damn ticket
alright let's go to some other FUs from our folks assembled here starting off
with explicit
uh...
three hour show buddy keep it short
okay i'll keep this one short okay
alright i would like to give an FU to the state fair for being so damn expensive
I mean, not only at the spot like my friends, you know, I'd be nice to my friends and all, but my wall, my bank's almost depleted just for the sake of fairness and shit.
F you through shame for squashing the hell out of my stomach.
I know I ate like funnel cakes before riding on a few rides, but squashing me on this one ride in my stomach kind of killed my appetite.
I have not eaten any lunch nor dinner, both today and Saturday.
Either I was full or something, yeah.
An F.U. for Scandia for not posting
what the hell the rules are for this tournament Tuesday.
Like how the hell are we gonna know?
It's whatever they feel like doing.
Who knows what's gonna happen? Would it screw up or would it not screw up?
An F.U. to the drama about
oooh sim makers vs actual people who play ddr to actually hire for the ultramix game
oh ok? yeah like you know
how some people say oooh
people get hired for connections and stuff
you know like everyone knows that AJ and little B are working at
ultramix some people are starting drama towards it
where's this drama at?
i think it was
i think it was in aaroninjapan.com
interesting
I'm not FU-ing Scandi, I'm just FU-ing some of the people who did not post the rules.
Yeah, they are, Scandi has a broken pad. If they don't fix the pad before the tournament, then how are you going to have a fair tournament, basically?
I think, in regards to the other FU, I think people need to withhold judgement until the game comes out.
Yes.
And I think no matter what happens, no matter who did the steps, if God himself came down from the heavens and wrote the steps to the next mix, somebody out there would say they sucked.
There is no pleasing everybody, you're just going to have to deal with it.
Honestly, people just cut it out, wait till the game comes, wait till UltraMix 2 comes out and then just from there, if it's shitty or not, or if it's good as hell or not.
From what I've heard of UltraMix 2 so far, you guys are going to be very surprised. Some folks that are all anti-XBox and stuff, you're going to be hopping on the XBox train soon enough. UltraMix 2 is going to be very, very good. That's all I have to say.
we'll see you first when the game comes out
i can't say why i'm saying it but just it's going to be great anyway
let's see
and fe2
school some of the teachers in school
uh... notes
uh... it's going to be too long for the fus
so let us speak for itself alright
Alright, um, here is my comedy for the FUs, if you want to laugh at it or not, Rob.
Uh, FU2, ants trying to attack you when you're trying to get a good night's sleep.
Ew.
Yeah, I know, it's not good. And then when you're trying to sleep, you have nightmares of them trying to kill you.
Ah.
I know, doesn't that suck?
Like big giant ants, or red ants, or what?
No, I mean, they're regular house ants, but it's just like, it's annoying as hell.
Alright.
Yeah, you know, black ants, the little sweet ants or whatever you want to call them, and then, like, even though you, like, spray around the house, like, not even a week later, they'll come back.
And then when you try to squish them, they start walking after you squish them. They have to, like, squish them multiple times. It's really annoying.
So F you to that. And then also, uh, to add to Loki's F you, F you to stupid drivers that, uh, try to clip you when you're just, you know, minding your own business in your own lane.
because I almost got killed going to Walmart because we had to get some stuff
or whatever but that really sucks so I almost died today or not today but this
week that's not good no it's not hold on let me add that let me add that to the
female drivers of referring to what look you said if you did this one lady you
threw a fucking soda can on my windshield yeah I was like whoo he cut
me off! Ooh, let's throw a windshield at my windshield. Sorry, throw a soda bottle at
my windshield. Interesting. Yeah. Luckily it didn't hit any of my paint, or else I would
really go after the son of a bitch. Yeah, I'm gonna run her over. And after you two
of the people, there was some girls freaking us off in the, in the Ferris wheel. What the
hell did we do? We just flipped us off out of nowhere. I would have flipped them off
back and I'm with haha out of flash my penis but anyway oh yeah well I've moved
up so okay how works so they could hit well even though they don't deserve to
take some of that anyway let's move on and see what Arcadian has to say oh were
you done angel I think so okay I think if I think of my last one talking all
right Arcadian yeah fuck you the heat coming back fuck you to tree sap still
getting on my car especially because of the damn heat and even and fuck you to
the people the like the rental place or whatever it is that rents out the place
that my company works at for choosing these city trees that actually drop this
stuff all over cars and went in the summer search the damn things and find
one that don't drive that shit on you uh fuck you to traffic that comes up like
830 and 830 a.m. damn it you supposed to be at work already
I want to fucking traffic when I'm going to work late but what's cool about
working actually come in late see if I can start coming in later because now
that I'm an employee I can actually be there late and also uh fuck you to my
fucked up sleep schedule and my damn body for fucking waking me up sometimes
like at 5 a.m. in the morning get to sleep at like when it 12 to something
between 12 and 1 and then some fucking reason I wake up like 5 or 6 in the
morning but it was really weird is like like last Monday I was like seven hours
and I was like dead all day and then the next few days I wake up like after four
five hours of sleep and then actually awake for half the day and of course I get like
really sleepy towards the end of the day after looking at a computer screen all fucking day.
That's just the way it is. And that's about it.
Alright, let's head on and look at our chat room FUs. Let's go on and this one's from
Flaronet. FU to cable news over coverage of the national conventions. It's not important
to have coverage of every little detail of a new purposeless gathering of a now I'm sorry
of a now purposeless gathering. My bad. What? What? I was commenting on them doing that
every little thing and Bush blew his nose today. We have reported this on CNN, MSNBC
and the Discovery Channel. It looks like our net split is fixed. However, if you submitted
lot of people start school tomorrow. Sorry guys. Um, F.U. to President Bush for exploiting
9-11 for another four years in office, hence picking New York City as the location for
the Republican National Convention. F.U. to the hip-hop being the dominating force in
this year's VMAs and in mainstream music in general. Did you get my F.U.? Yes, I did.
Oh yeah, we said, fuck you to the video music award. Oh yes, I have to spoil those, don't
I? My bad. Hold on. Who the fuck wants to know? It's all stupid crap. I know it is,
But I I want to spoil it for those people that were thinking about going to watch it
I'll get I'll get to it you guys here. Let's see
That's it. That's it out. Where's the winners list here
Video of the year was outcast. Hey, yeah
Which also won the award for most overplayed song of the year. Oh wait. No, that was that was me and
And best male video, Usher, big surprise. Best female video, Beyonce, big surprise. Best fruit video, no doubt.
Great! Now you don't have to watch.
Yay! You don't have to watch.
A public service announcement.
You don't have to watch one of the 500 million, three billion repeats that they play every fucking day.
Alright.
Elle Mullet would like to say F you to the Japanese DDR elitists who have no idea what they're talking about.
And an F you to my college classes that start tomorrow.
Dark Knight says, an F.U. for not having a car and an F.U. for not thinking of another F.U.
Black Devil says, F.U. to my iTunes radio connection. When I was calling over Skype, I heard an echo of my voice and your voice.
It was like six voices in my head and it was hard to concentrate.
Turn down the volume next time you call in.
Misty says, F.Me. because while I did find my karaoke revolution mic, I think it's broken.
And in a lesser FU to me for not getting off my ass and driving, I could have kicked some
ass in a DDR tournament this weekend.
And VX JasonXV says, FU number one to OtherSideIRC, why are you unstable at the moment?
FU number two from all of us at Orange Lounge Radio and then some, FU to Newt.
And FU number three, FU to Netsplitz in general.
All right.
Now let's take a look at the FUs that came in over email, because I promised that I would
read the ones on email.
I apologize if I mispronounce this name because it has an extra E from what I'm used to but
it looks like Renee says F U to Japanese hentai censorship and at myself for probably setting
a record kick action to myself so fast for a first time user. Well that's okay. You live
you learn. As long as you're being good now that's the important point. Zeno would like
to say F U damn IRC network splits. That and fractions. Numbers of the devil. And this
weird cut on my hand that doesn't want to heal and lastly I don't have an alias
for this guy I only got the full name here so we'll call him Robert B Robert
B says a big f you to dial up for being so shitty and another f you to me for
not getting cable crown fractions the number of the devil but call me the
devil's friend aren't you a map weren't you a math major or something yes I see
how it is. You're in cahoots with the devil. Now even I'm scared. Yikes. Alright. I think
what we'll do is we're going to go to a break and when we come back from a break we'll do
a little bit of Ask Orange Lounge. Oh but first I wanted to mention some more Bomani
news going on because you know there was other news that happened this week besides the extreme
unlocks being revealed. There was a preview movie for Dancing Stage Fever that came out
and you can actually see a link to this video right on our website at orangeontradio.com
it's about the fifth story down. What this video showed, it was very interesting, it
showed some of the song banners and stuff, but it also had karaoke lyrics. Now granted,
it's the Europe version of DDR, not the USA version of DDR, but, hmm, typically they use
very similar engines. So, hmm, you kind of wonder, is karaoke lyrics something that's
coming? I don't know. Especially with the karaoke revolution crossovers, it'll make
a lot of sense. But, despite that, if you do live in Europe and you have access to dancing
stage games, then hey, there you go, you get karaoke lyrics. And you get a really good
song list, by the way. You guys get an awesome song list. And DDR Festival was confirmed
by Konami. It is coming, it does support the iToy, and it's coming November 18th. You wanna
to know why it's confirmed because they set up a website for it and you can see
this link right there on our website orange launch radio.com it's right there
on our front page alrighty alright oops it was dancing stage
fusion not fever I don't know why it says in the headline fever we've got to
fix that it's actually fusion our bad our bad
Alright. We will be right back after this break.
Uh, Jamie wanted more Five Keys, so I said sure, because she wanted to hear
more Rugged Ash. So, why not? We'll do some Rugged Ash.
Rugged Ash is fun to play. Yeah, we'll do Logical Dash and, um,
The Fall. Nah, we're gonna do The Fall. Fall Another. I don't have Fall Another.
We'll do The Fall Regular. We'll be back after th- Oh, these songs are also short. We can fit in
Salamander.
Hey, do you have, um, uh, Believe Again?
Or Beginning of Life?
Uh, yes, and because I can't find Salamander right now, we'll do Beginning of Life.
Sorry, Angel.
Alright, so four names.
Oh, I did, it was, it was not Renee, it was Rene.
And it's just, but that, I didn't think that was right, because that would be too obvious,
and usually people's names aren't quite as obvious, unless you're named Rob, like me.
It was Rene.
My bad, my bad.
You try doing a radio show I'm pronouncing everything right. All right. We'll be back on break. Okay
The
The
The
The
The
The
The
Two Russian planes carrying a total of more than 100 people crashed almost simultaneously
today.
the first crash happened in bukaki but
Bass, please. Bass, please. Bass, please.
That's it.
That's it.
That's it.
That's it.
.
.
.
.
.
Hi Ho, Kermit the Frog here informing you that today's broadcast of Orange Lounge Radio
is brought to you by the letter B, the letter A, and the number 59.
Can you tell me how to get, how to get to Sesame Street?
We are back, and I thought since we have a little bit of show left,
maybe we'll do some Ask Orange Lounge.
So you can actually send a question over private message right now to Sky,
and we'll do a little bit of Ask Orange Lounge.
But first, we'll go ahead and open up the Skype line,
If anybody has any comments or whatever or maybe there's something they want to ask over the skype line. I don't know. I
Don't know what you guys are thinking
We'll see
um
doo-doo-doo-doo-doo-doo-doo, I
Guess I should cue the theme theme music, huh? I
Was looking for something else real fast. I was gonna try and read something funny, but I don't think I'm gonna have time so
Nothing is funny anymore. Yeah, I lament cry cry
Zaku is calling us again. What's up?
What's up?
Let me see. I'm just wondering. I mean I'm having trouble playing 2DX because all I'm doing is 5P.
And I want to break into 7. How do I make that jump?
Alright, I'm going to go ahead and go because our connection is a little messed up. I'm going to answer that for you, okay?
Alright, keep listening. How do you make the jump from 5 key to 7 key?
But before we answer the question, I have to do the theme music.
Let's ask Orange Lounge some stupid question.
What will we find out this week on Orange Lounge Radio?
When we use the Skype Line, random people call in.
call in, but I sure hope that one guy doesn't call us anymore, and I hope he got a life.
But I'm not gonna wish for things that won't happen. Alright. Anyway, let's go back to
people we do like to hear from. Zaku, how do you make the jump from 5 key to 7 key?
You just do it. Yeah, honestly, you just have to do it. My advice, honestly, when you play
play 2DX, don't play 5 key, ever, because you'll just be kind of ruining it. But here's
the thing, start on light 7, use beginner mode if you can, just whatever it does to
ease you into the 7 keys. Just because you can do a 4 star on 5 key, it doesn't mean
you can do a 4 star on 7 key. Adding those two extra buttons will do so much. So just
go back to the ones, and that's really the only way you can do it. Put your turntable
on the same side that you had it in 5 key games if you're playing from there, if that
helps you I don't know otherwise you just have to practice there's no magic
way to do it learn how to pinky scratch drill mode if you have six or seven
style or I'm sorry fifth or sixth style and I think it was the seventh to use
drill mode it really really helps and teach you a lot teaches you a lot of
tricks it can be a little repetitive at first but it really really helps so do
yourself a favor and try that okay you might want to also when I first started
doing it I had to learn to recenter my hands. A lot of people will do five to
five keys and then use two to the other. I actually just center my hands
completely over the middle four and play like that. I use my thumbs a lot. I mean
so it's how you position your fingers too with a lot of it. Just keep
experimenting until you find something that's comfortable. All right. It'll just
click one moment. It will. All right, moving on. Let's, I want to take some
questions that came in from the chat room, including
puppy has a question for us. Puppy wants to know when are we gonna go out and
have boba with him again?
Um, whenever I can cheat.
When you buy me my humbee.
I do think a boba trip is in order, I just don't know when yet.
Sorry guys. I don't know when yet. I've been kind of busy lately.
We do have a three-day weekend coming up, but I promise, promise, promise
a special somebody that I would go to the club with him Sunday night after the show
next week, so. Okay. But maybe next time.
We'll see. Certainly by the next time VX JasonXV visits,
that's for sure. Uh, Zaku wants to submit another question. Skyline's open, too, if you
want to call in.
Um, what was the worst summer job you ever had?
I worked at a grocery store for a week.
for a week what happened? It was supposed to be my first job
I was gonna work at the grocery store. I had been offered a job at the game room
during orientation
at my college but I wasn't actually a student yet so
to earn some money over the summer I was gonna work at a grocery store
and it turned out that they were
if I was supposed to get off at like nine I didn't get off work
until midnight. I was like excuse me screw this
so I quit took my last paycheck and then like
Two weeks later I was working on campus.
Well, uh, here's just a simple question. Didn't you get my instant message over the forums lately?
Oh, yes, about Popin' Music 12. Yes, I did.
Yeah, I was just wondering.
You want us to whore out Popin' Music 12. We can do that.
Yep.
Alright, we'll talk Popin' Music 12 just for you, Siggy.
Just after this.
Okay.
After this segment.
Well, we don't have much time left in the show, so we'll probably get to that and finish out the show here.
Just finish this right now.
right now. Alrighty. Thanks for the reminder. Alright. Alright, later. Later. Yes, I did
want to get to that. Darkline had sent us a message over the forums. Let me go grab
that right now. We actually have to wrap up the show so I just want to do a few more news
items and then we'll finish up here. Let me see. Let me get in there. We did briefly mention
it in one of our other news articles but Pava Music 12 is location testing right now. That's
really high for a Bomani Game 12 mix or whatever, but they don't call it mix. It's just popping
12. It has a bunch of new licenses in it. Well, not a bunch, but at least three that
have been announced so far. Cruel Angels Thesis is one of them.
Dude, that's like as the Evangelion theme. Exactly, so there's tons of people who are
going to love that. And then some new Konami originals as well. I see the Parkettes are
in there. Jimmy Weckl has one, and D. Crew has a song. You can head over to Bomani Style.
actually posted about this a couple days ago I'd feel a little weird just copying
and pasting what they wrote so honestly just head over my style they've got all
the news on it they also have screenshots and it looks like they're
kind of you know how the recent Papa musics they've kind of had a theme like
Papa music 11 was like world travel was kind of what that was all about it looks
like Papa music 12 theme is traditional Japan because you notice that the the
mascots are wearing the kind of like kimono and every all the artwork looks
looks, for lack of a better word, looks a little chinky. That's basically what it's
about, so. Pop Meets the Twelve, we will definitely, when we find out more information about it,
we will post it on over to our website over on OrangelaungeRadio.com. Alright, what else
was news? Oh, I know, not necessarily a Bamani game, but you know Taiko no Tatujin, right?
You know that game.
Yep.
Well you know it's coming to the U.S. and it's going to be called Taiko Drum Master
here in the U.S. Close enough name.
Well guess what? The song list has been announced for Taiko Drum Master and there's some very
interesting stuff in it. Like to be expected, you have your classical songs. You have your
Beethoven Symphony No. 5, Carmen, William Tell Overture, Hungarian Dances No. 5. You
have all that stuff. Then you have Namco originals such as Soul Calibur II's Brave Sword, Braver
Soul and the Ridge Racer theme, but then we get the licenses, some very interesting licensed
songs in Taiko Drum Master, My Sharona, Material Girl, Lady Marmalade, the theme from Jimmy
Neutron and the theme from Dragon Ball Z and then get this toxic and DDR crossovers tub
thumping you remember that second mix tub thumping and that's the way I like it I wonder
if they're gonna make the drum any more stable for if you want to see that list it's over
on our website orangelontrado.com. We did post the whole list. It's the fourth story
down right now. Very interesting. Donkey Konga's almost out. I think there's only a couple
more weeks till that's out. And if you go to a GameStop, they have the demo set up so
you can try it out. It's interesting. You know, I can't personally be too excited about
Donkey Konga after I played it. Because the clapping thing is aggravating, you know? But
I wonder, I wonder though, do they, have they put out a song list for Donkey Konga yet?
Uh, yes, it's way back in our archives, you'd have to do a search, but there was a song
list announced.
I know that the Japanese version had a bunch of J-pop in it, it was actually pretty, you
know, it had pretty good songs selection.
I just sort of blanked out over Donkey Konga, but that's, you know, it's really cool that
it's coming out over here, but it's one of the ones I never thought that we'd see.
Alright, I'm going to jam through the last few questions here, then we've got to wrap up the show.
Three more questions, no more questions please. I'm going to get these last few ones.
Dark Knight, a quick question, has anyone visited Virginia before?
The reason why was because Loki had that Virginia shirt on the webcam.
As I said before in the chat room, but no one was paying attention, my aunt and uncle live in Virginia.
And so, you know, as a staple, everyone has to bring you back the shirt that says what city they visited.
so, you know, I have this shirt. Basically, you know, if you want to know the logic with
me wearing this shirt, it was on top of the clean pile. It was the first shirt I saw.
And that's how it goes. Speaking of traveling, I'm going to be back on the East Coast in
a couple weeks. I'm going to try and go to 8 on the break, because I want to check out
in the groove, and I hear they have it there. And so I'm going to go to 8 on the break,
So, for those of you guys that live out there, I don't know if I should clue the stalkers
into what day I'm going to be there, but I'll let you know a little closer to the day, because
that's why I'm planning.
I don't know for sure if I'm going to get to go either.
I don't want to make promises I can't keep, but I'm going to be about an hour drive from
there.
So I'm going to try and go to it on the break, because I want to go check it out.
So we will see.
Question from Black Devil.
When I call and I want to not hear an echo of the conversation, do I turn down my master
volume or microphone volume?
Don't turn down your mic volume.
down your speakers, or, well, I shouldn't say your speakers, turn down your Winamp or
if you're iTunes, turn it off while you call the show. Whatever you're using to listen
to the station, turn it off while you call the show, because that's what causes the echo.
But don't, yeah, don't turn off your speakers because then you can't hear us through Skype
and then you're talking to nothing. So, yeah. Shut off Winamp or iTunes or whatever you
use to listen to the show. And lastly, Legend of Zaku, one more question. What are the chances
that we Americans will get other Bomani besides DDR and karaoke revolution.
We did get keyboard mania. To some extent, not necessarily on Playstation.
But we got the Yamaha. Yeah, a little hard to get. A lot of people
don't even know about it, it's so rare. But we did get it.
I don't know. I don't want to say never. Never say never. Let's just put it that way, never
say never. You know what I want to see come out in the States is some of the Namco music
games. Well you get... Namco did, I'm not talking about Taiko no Tatsujin, I'm talking
about like the guitar game that Namco did and the drum one that Namco did. Alright.
Cause they did a bunch of, they're supposed to be really good music games, just we haven't
seen them. Alright. It's all on the namco.jp site. Alright, we are going to wrap up the
show now guys. It is time, we're almost running over here, so please let us get everybody's
Final thought, and we'll start off tonight's final thought with Angel.
Um...
Well, no, I wanted to save it for Last Word if you want to let me have it, but, uh...
Uh...
Buffalo wings.
Alright, uh, Arcadian.
Final thought.
If we can get him a mic.
Final thought from Arcadian42. Yay, more money soon!
Alright, uh, Jonas, your final thought?
Tournament Tuesday.
Oh god.
Uh, Loki!
Loki, your final thought?
I am working on
next week's winning song.
Ha ha ha!
Bond will be the Drudeezy.
You're just mad because Bond won't put out for you.
Alright, uh, my final thought is listen to Outside the Box on Wednesday. Listen, or I'll
come to your house and beat you up. And, shut up. Jamie, your final thought.
I hate my allergies. Okay. And, uh, for the final word of the show,
we actually- We should all announce it.
We actually have a celebrity final word of the show tonight, you guys. So, here is tonight's
final word of the show, and, uh, thank you very much for listening, everybody. Have a
a great night. Well, cocky, but I... You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio. Orange
Lounge Radio is an Orange Lounge production. Orange Lounge Radio is hosted by Dark Sakura,
Sky and Loki. If you'd like to leave us a comment, send us an email at orangeloungeradioatyahoo.com.
And now, here's your fortune cookie message of the day.
After listening to a couple albums, well, they all start to sound the same
So he tried to change his musical style
He tossed all his ballads in the circular vial
Then he found the punk sound breaking ground all around his spell
Billie told of me
What's the matter with the tune he's writing?
Well, you know it's gonna be a smash
It's so nice when you're a big name, or it just doesn't matter if it sounds like trash.
Now everybody thinks the new wave is super.
Just ask if there's one that'll even have a scooper.
It's a big hit, isn't it?
Even if it's a piece of junk, it's still Billy Joel to me.
Whoa!
It doesn't matter what the greetings say about him.
He doesn't worry how they feel.
When your records tell a million cents to go in triple plasm, you don't worry about your next meal
The money is no big deal
Maybe he should dye his hair bright pink and thick and safety pin through his cheeks
Well then he really missed the new wave image but he couldn't sit down for weeks
Don't you know about the record bills of money?
You gotta be trendy if you wanna make some money
Everybody's saying that he sure sounds funny
But if Bill Billy told on me
All right!
Oh, I can hardly wait till his next album
I bet it's gonna be the rage
Buy a ticket to his next big console, well, I wonder what he'll do on stage
It might be disco and it might be the blues
Or maybe something like the B-50 shoes
Just a hand clap, finger snap, demonism
Mindless half a cell barely jolt on me
Everybody's saying that he sure sounds funny
Thank you very much for listening, and we'll see you next week.
Hello, there we are.
We are back with the Orange Lawns Radio Afterbirth, the part after the credits have faded to black.
Right now I'm trying to upload that bukkake clip to our website so I can let you people
download it.
Nice pun, Rob.
I'm sure you'll have tons of fun.
What?
I said nice pun.
The ACDC back and forth.
Oh, whatever.
Yeah.
Okay, I'm not funny.
Fine.
That's alright.
You don't get paid to be funny.
You paid to sit there and look pretty.
I live with someone who's not that funny.
No, just kidding.
I'm not going to go there.
I think he's starting to rub off on you.
Be careful.
I hope not.
Ah, ah, God.
You all at home are very glad you did not hear what Jamie just said, that's for damn sure.
I can repeat it! No! Can you repeat it? Because none of it is true, dammit!
I don't want to hear about the person she lives with rubbing off on anyone.
Wah, wah, wah.
That sucks. I wish I still had that drumroll noise.
Yeah, we do. People should pay us to do this show, you know?
Yeah, and I'd get less than minimum wage.
I want to tease the...
Oh, you want to tease your new remix, Loki?
Yeah.
All right, tease it.
Wait.
Hi, puppy!
Loki wants to tease his newest remix for you all.
Fine. Do it.
That was more than a tease, that was, you grabbed my balls and fondled them right there.
That was very interesting.
Wow, what is, wow, that is pretty cool.
What is that, what's that all about?
Tell us about that one.
It's just something with radical faith.
I heard this one remix that someone did and it sucked and I thought, eh, I'll try something
like that.
I was instantly drawn to the TAC.
I don't know. Not listening to it through your speakers, I have to change a few things.
But that's just the beginning of it. The end kind of gets weird.
Let me play a clip here, because I can't really transition into this part yet, but it's kind of cool. Let's see.
Anyway, it's that stuff. Yeah. Nice. Very nice.
For those of you guys that wanted that bukkake clip, I'm trying to get it on our site, but
I'm having problems right now. So sometime this week, just keep checking our forums,
you guys, which we could use some activity on there anyway. I will post that to a forums.
or maybe if you ask unknown gamer really nicely he'll give it to you but here it
is again
two Russian planes carrying a total of more than 100 people
crashed almost simultaneously today the first crash happened
in Bukhalki
I played it 10 times tonight and it's still not old I'm sorry
it is still funny. Nope, still funny. Alright
I don't know for some reason I can't get that uploaded right now but
I'll just try it again later
Alright, uh, so I guess that's gonna do it for the afterbirth, um, for the post-show tonight, you guys.
Uh, John Fields sent this to me and I actually think it's kinda cool, um, actually it's a video file, uh, of this animation mix, but obviously this is radio, duh, so why would I play a video file on the radio?
The CD they use is called Deep Dance 50, which is pretty cool because it's all these songs, all these dance songs, but it's only like 45 seconds of each song. It's like all the good parts of every dance song, and then it goes into another song. And it's all mixed together. It's pretty cool. Yes?
If you want to upload it, there's the URL in the chatroom, I think.
Aww, FlareOnA was very kind to upload that to you all.
Yeah, I know it's on GeoShitties, but hopefully enough you guys can get it before GeoShitties locks them out.
So, good luck you guys.
Alright, enjoy the post-show tonight. Have a great one.
Thank you again for tuning into and supporting Orange Launch Radio.
We love you, good night.
I forgot the thing has this whole little intro so you just kind of have to sit through it
Nice!
...
Ahh... A viewer?
Yes!
The decision is made!
You are about to embark on a musical journey.
A journey made up of beats and basslines.
Prepare yourselves, for you are about to enter...
...the deep gap!
You want this, you need this!
Then what if you are like this?
You'll follow her here, follow her there
You'll get in everywhere
You want this, you need this
You want it, you have to like this
You'll follow her here, follow her there
You'll get in everywhere
Well remember, capture is such a source of passion
Keep us fitted everywhere
Everywhere
So let your hands and voices
Free your mind and order
You can fill it in the end
Oh
It's a passion, oh, you can feel it, yeah, oh
It's a passion, oh, oh
Wonderful is every moment, hand it around
We got to get down, rock it out from this shaky ground
I'm on it, spread out your heart and party wood everywhere
They see you people laugh, the people push it out
