Tonight, January 4th, 2015, we begin our 13th year of broadcasting making 2015 gaming
predictions with our listeners, and Sony apologizes for the holiday attacks with free PS Plus
time.
Here's more on the show where every gamer has a voice.
Hello my friends out there on the internet and welcome back to an all new year of the
show where every gamer has a voice.
It is Orange Lounge Radio live tonight with episode number 582 for this January the 4th
of 2015.
Here to talk about video games, gaming culture, and the gamer lifestyle with myself, Rob Roberts,
and with me as always, my co-hosts, beginning our 13th year of broadcasting, say hello to
DarkSakura or Jamie Summers.
Hi.
Hi.
Lucky 13, can you believe it?
Yerp.
Started in 2002, which to be fair, we haven't turned 13 yet, that'll be in June, but still
it's the 13th year of broadcasting.
It's crazy.
Yerp.
I was just thinking about that earlier today.
The show's a teenager.
Yerp.
It's a brat.
It's a brat.
You're the brat.
So?
But you are a brat who brought cookies to the show tonight, so I can't be a hater.
I'm happy, happy you and Alanversary.
Thank you.
I appreciate that.
Yeah.
Today is Alan and I's 5th anniversary, so thank you for acknowledging that.
It would be Alan and Mai.
Anyway, say hello as well to Tech Matt.
Clearly I'm not the grammar master.
Maybe I'll introduce her as that in the future.
But say hello to Tech Master Loki.
Hi.
Hi, Loki.
How are you?
Eating Chinese.
Yeah, you're eating Chinese, which is funny.
Were you jealous of last week when DarkSakura and I were eating Chinese food?
Because let me tell you, don't be.
It made me sick for like four days.
No, I wasn't jealous of that.
I just wanted something different other than the burgers.
Because I had McDonald's yesterday, and I don't know what it is lately, but McDonald's
has just gone downhill.
They used to be sometimes pretty good, but now it's maybe 10% good, 90% garbage, so I've
just stopped going there.
But my son wanted a happy meal or some garbage, so I had to go buy that.
Oh, I thought DarkSakura was reacting to a happy meal over there, she said.
No, I'm getting sick of autocorrect on my computer, and I'm about to turn the shit off.
On your computer?
That's too much.
I'm on a Mac.
I know, but I didn't realize the computers did autocorrect.
I haven't had a Mac laptop in forever.
But anyway.
Sorry, Loki.
So you got your son garbage food at McDonald's.
Yeah, so he had garbage food at McDonald's, and so I got some as well, and it's garbage.
Like the fries are just terrible, it's like eating cardboard.
So I decided I didn't want to have a burger today, so I just stopped and got Chinese,
and the slowest Asian person ever served us.
It took him 20 minutes to serve me and the person in front of me, who only ordered two
things.
I was like, why are these people employed?
Slow and steady wins the race.
There is no race.
He's not racing.
He's just slow.
All right, going to our chat room, which isn't slow tonight.
There's actually a few of you guys over in chat.
We do tape live, of course, every Sunday night at the Voice of Geeks Network, www.vognetwork.com.
It's six o'clock Pacific, nine o'clock Eastern, right after the Bobby Black Wolf show.
And of course, if you are listening live, you can participate with our chat room, live.vognetwork.com.
And you know when we talk about the whole 13 years of OLR, somebody always inevitably
makes a comment like this.
You ready?
SSG100Matt says, I was 19 when I started listening to OLR.
I'm 31 now.
Yeah, thanks.
Thanks.
Thanks for that.
Thank you for that reminder.
Ragenator in chat says, I'm looking forward to OLR episode 666.
You know what's funny is in the old days of OLR, probably around like episode 69, you
know, we got to episode 69, which for its own reasons was a landmark show.
I think we started making jokes about, well, what's the next big number that this show
will hit?
And that's, oh, episode 666.
And we would say, oh, we'll never make that number.
And I think I even plotted it out and I said, you know, if we were to get to episode 666,
we would have to get to like 2016.
And I was always like, oh, we'll never last that long.
And now I'm looking at it going, actually, we probably will get to episode 666.
So we better plan something really special.
And then 669.
Anyway, let's see other comments in our chat room over at live.vognetwork.com.
Locopoco commenting on the food saying, I only go to McDonald's for fries, always order
them without salt.
So they are fresh.
But then they don't have salt on them.
And yes, I understand.
We'll just put your own salt on it.
However, they have like other seasonings that they throw on there.
So it's not just salt.
I have it on good authority from friends that used to work at McDonald's and even managed
that if you just ask for fresh fries, they'll give them to you.
Just ask, could I get fresh fries?
And they will.
Usually, usually good customer service trumps, you know, whatever else.
Yeah, but I usually think they don't give a shit.
And so I'm not going to ask that because they're just not going to give a shit.
Or like if you go to In-N-Out, which yes, I am going to rub it in everybody's face as
I live in California and therefore have easy access to In-N-Out.
Sorry not.
Sorry.
Uh, the best way to get the fries there are well done.
Always.
Oh, God.
So good.
So good.
Where?
In-N-Out.
Uh-uh.
What?
Nuh-uh.
Animal style.
Oh, no, no, no.
Because Animal Style has the mayonnaise based thing on it.
It's 1000 island and it has mayonnaise.
Which is amazing.
That's, that's mayonnaise and ketchup basically.
Because the only other way to get it is no salt.
Plain.
No.
Which salt is nasty.
No, no, no, no, no.
You can get light salt.
Anyway.
Uh, Bobby Blackwolf in chat says, OLR retiring after 666 episodes confirmed.
You know, it all has to end someday.
Someday there's going to be a final episode of OLR.
And I'm not saying, you know, we know when that is yet or anything, but.
Well, that's the episode that we're going to have Gabe Newell on, right?
I always kind of have thought in the back of my head.
If we are going to end it on a predetermined date, it should be episode 666.
That ought to be it.
But again, I don't, I don't really think, but then I'm like, well, but then we could
also get to 700 and you know, anyway, so it's always like, there'll always be another goal
right after you cross one goal.
There'll always be another goal.
I think that happens to a lot of podcasters like, whoa, we made a year.
Well, now can we make a thousand will be awesome, right?
Then it'll be like, let's get to a thousand.
How many shows did a thousand episodes?
Maybe a few daily shows.
I'm sure some shows that are taped daily probably made a thousand, but I don't think any weekly
shows have gone that far.
Anyway.
Havoc978 in chat says, OLR will be forever.
Well, we like to think so.
You know what?
It's a great way for me to hang out with Dark Soccer and Loki every Sunday.
And that's probably a big part of the reason why it's gone on so long.
It's just, it's, it's our thing.
It's our hangout time.
Just like some people have church, some people have their weekly D and D games, their weekly
meetup to play Nintendo or PlayStation, their weekly meetup to do whatever.
This is our weekly meetup.
And thank you guys for sharing it with us every week here at Orange Lounge Radio.
Anyhow, I want to get into our kickoff topic for tonight and a happy new year to everybody.
I hope you guys had a great new year's Eve and celebrated well.
I don't know what you did, Dark Soccer.
My new year's Eve sucked, just so you know.
My new year's Eve was awful because I had food poisoning.
And so I had two different things I could have done on new year's Eve and I got to do
neither.
Instead I sat home on the couch by myself.
You had two things that you were able to do on new year's Eve.
Fuck off.
I meant I had two parties I was invited to and I couldn't do either one of them.
Instead I had to sit on the couch and I watched the Anderson Cooper and Kathy Griffin, which
you know, at least that was, that was all right.
But Dark Soccer, I hope your new year's Eve was a little brighter.
What'd you end up doing?
Everyone was sick.
Yeah, including me.
Yep.
You missed a child throwing up neon green.
Ew.
But did he do it at midnight?
She.
Cousin Sophia.
Did she do it at midnight?
Well, a little bit before that.
What happened is Sophia had a coughing fit and she had been sucking on one of those blue
Luden's things.
So when she threw up, it was neon green.
That's disgusting.
Someone might have said, I don't know.
And then Midna started sniffing at it.
Now see people that were 19 when they started listening to the show, aren't going to understand
that joke.
That's why you have the internet.
You can look it up.
All right.
Sorry.
Sorry.
So the cousins had to leave with Sophia and then all that was left was, uh, me and Dan
and his little sister and Becky and Julian and Julian stayed up till midnight and then
they left and then Becky took Dan's iPad instead of her Kindle.
So she had to bring it back because Dan's work gave him the iPad.
So that was really the most exciting thing that happened all night.
Dan was playing out runners on the Sega Genesis when the new year rolled in.
I saw the picture on Facebook, so you guys had like a retro gaming new years, right?
Well, Dan had a retro gaming new years.
I was basically drunk fun.
I found out that, okay, I can drink frivolous all night and be a little tipsy.
I can have maybe a shot of hypnotic and be a little tipsy.
Mixing Frivolo and hypnotic, not a good idea.
Wild delicious.
Oh my God.
I was like, Oh, are you supposed to mix wine with other liquor?
Well, I guess that's what sangria is, isn't it?
But still kinda, yeah, but, um, but, uh, I, I just wanted to see what they tasted like
together cause the two flavors are very complimentary and it was really delicious, but I can't have
like more than one glass of that cause my stomach will be like, no, you're not 19 anymore.
You can't drink like, wait, 19, you're not 21 anymore.
You can't drink like that.
Well, come on.
You did grow up in Alabama.
Like, you know, you, you're, you're taking shots by the time you get your driver's license.
I did have that absence when I was 16.
There you go.
Now the real thing.
Now I'm plotting for dragon con 2015.
Some of these drinks.
Anyway.
Uh, Loki, how was your new year's Eve?
I imagine with the kids, you probably didn't get to do any big noisy parties, but did you
celebrate with them?
Um, well we went to, um, my wife's, um, mother's house and we had food there as we do every
year.
And so she made all sorts of things, matzo ball soup and chicken and that was really
good.
Homemade matzo ball soup is amazing.
Homemade matzo ball soup is amazing.
And um, the chicken that she made was great.
It was with, uh, Jack Daniels that she like cooked it in.
So good.
And so, um, yeah, that.
And then everybody kind of went to bed, you know, pretty early cause who cares?
Kids don't, you know, go sleep anyways.
And then, um, then everyone woke up at midnight when all the booming went off.
Sound like someone like exploding stuff.
What are the people even, they don't even sell fireworks, like mortars or something.
It was like super loud and then like it woke up everybody.
I'm like, how is that supposed to celebrate the new year?
Now the kids are awake.
Thank you.
Oh my God.
It's like, why do I even bother?
Wow.
All right, well this is the time of year with the new years that a lot of people start making
their new year's resolutions and look, I know some of you can kind of give or take a lot
of these new year's resolutions, but it is a part of culture that this is something people
do.
And even if you hate new year's resolutions with a passion, I still think as a gamer,
a lot of us tend to make their goals for 2015 like, Oh, there's this XYZ game.
I've never played that I really want to play.
Or, um, there's this other, you know, I want to beat more games in the year or 300 games
that are in my steam library that I have to install and play at some rate, right?
So I actually asked the listeners earlier this week, I was like, what were some of the
resolutions you guys have?
What are some of the new year's gaming resolutions you guys have?
Uh, and some of the answers that came in, uh, ACHP said by resolution the last few years
was to beat two games a month.
It's surprisingly difficult to do, but I succeeded the last two years going to try again this
year, finished geometry wars three today, one down for January.
That's great.
I'm still working on geo wars three.
Uh, and ER said my resolution should be to not buy so many games.
My poor backlog, but I know I'll never keep it.
And do chalk said my resolution is to pour much less time into MMOs.
Time investment likely served better elsewhere.
I w I wish I could say something similar just because you guys all know I'm an MMO addict.
I have another show dedicated to MMOs.
I did cancel my wow account.
I'm sorry to say to my wow playing friends, but now I'm just playing final fantasy 14
twice as much.
So that's not really helping either.
Uh, what about you guys?
What are some of your gaming resolutions?
I don't know if you guys have any dark star or goals if you want to stay away from the
word resolutions, but, uh, Loki, dark soccer, anything for you guys?
I'm going to finish borderlands two on my Mac.
This is a follow up to the discussion that's going on in chat right now.
Isn't it?
Yes.
Which I've been playing on my Mac.
Fair enough.
Uh, so you're gonna, but you're going to be borderlands too.
What about, what about the pre-sequel?
Why don't you just play the whole trilogy sequel yet?
What I promised Dan, I would play through the first two with him before I get the pre-sequel
and by the time I'm ready for the pre-sequel, it'll be cheap.
It'll be on sale.
Yeah.
Really?
And you just need to finish borderlands two before the pre-sequel even makes sense.
Cause it's like, who are these characters?
Yeah.
What are they doing?
Well, I mean, I already have watched Dan play through most of, uh, borderlands two anyway,
so I know all the characters and everything.
Um, it's just that he was usually busy playing multiplayer with his buddies and I never had
a chance to.
Mm hmm.
So, um, Loki, what about you?
Any, any re gaming goals for the year?
Um, how about finish your damn game?
That's one of them.
I was going to say that.
Both of them.
Um, yeah.
Uh, so there, there's that, I do want to finish my games.
Um, I kind of want to finish, um, platinum in Lego Marvel superheroes.
I would have had it done by now, but my damn son wouldn't play any of the levels.
I'm like, you don't have to do anything.
He's like, but yeah, but you need me to do specific things at certain times.
I'm like, not since I've already played through them all already.
I just need you to sit there and hit things and that's it.
And he's like, no, I don't want to do that.
I'm afraid of the levels.
I'm like, fine.
So I can't finish any of them and I don't have time to play it right now while I'm working
on my vlog jam games.
So, um, I don't know, I just want to finish that and then I don't really know what else
I'll play.
I guess get through the other games I bought for my PlayStation 4 that I haven't even played
yet.
Like I have Infamous I've started and then I have Destiny that I haven't touched yet
and I have Watch Dogs that's collecting dust, so there's that.
Even just getting through the backlog of stuff that I have on PC and my Steam library, on
Xbox Live in all the Games for Gold stuff and even with PlayStation on the PlayStation
Plus stuff.
I have tons of things I haven't played yet and I'm still a fucking idiot and keep buying
more things.
I don't know why.
Oh, I know why because I want those things and I need them bad.
They're shiny.
You need them.
It's just like I bought the DLC for, all the DLC for Lego Marvel Super Heroes.
There's no reason to it.
The characters are fucking stupid and it was overpriced, but I did it anyway so that it
would have something different to play as in the game because I'm getting so bored of
it right now.
So my son seriously plays that for hours at a time and just runs around.
Now I showed him one of the levels he can go into and break things.
So my gaming goals.
I need to get some platinum trophies.
I think I have maybe one on all of PlayStation games.
If that, I actually may not have any.
So it's high time I get some platinum trophies and I already know what games I want them
in.
I want them in Diablo 3, Reaper of Souls, because I know it's achievable.
It's not a super hard platinum.
It just takes a little bit of grinding because you have to get one of every class to level
70, but it's doable.
It's like way more than doable.
It's just going to take a little patience.
So I want to get one there and I really think I can get one in Final Fantasy 14, which there's
some, you know, I have to do like a thousand fates and a thousand.
Are they as ridiculous as the ones in Final Fantasy 11?
Well, they're not as bad in 11 now after they implemented the whole fact that you can XP
with a party of people like.
Yeah, at the time it was like, Oh, get me 75.
It's a little easier now, but yeah, I want to get a platinum in Final Fantasy 14, which
I think is definitely achievable.
The hardest one's going to be clearing turn five on PlayStation four, but I know I can
do it.
I know I can do it because I've cleared it on PC.
There's no reason I can't do it on PS4.
So those are some of my immediate goals.
I want to do more with broadcasting like YouTube and live streams because I end up right now
doing a live stream like maybe every two weeks and I want to bump that up to more like maybe
two a week now that I have a little more time because I'm not doing the performance
stuff anymore and I want to do more YouTubes.
I really miss that Let's Remember series I was doing.
I think it's fun to visit really, really old games that define my childhood and kind of
introduce them to people who might've missed them or only seen them for like 30 seconds
or only read about them.
So I really want to bring that back.
So those are some of my goals for 2015.
So I'm really excited about that.
So hopefully I stay on track.
Just a few more from the listenership.
Some answers over here on Google+, Tom W saying, I'm going to play at least 80% of
my Steam library.
I'm currently sitting at 51%.
But does that mean like actually play or just load?
I hope you actually play, you got to beat at least the first level in all of them.
And Martin C replies and says, trying to steer clear from games that are too much of a time
sink since my free time is limited.
I'm going to try to play more story driven games that feel more fulfilling to complete.
Interesting.
Yeah, see, that's kind of like, I'm kind of with you there.
I love games that are big in scope, like Elder Scrolls, you know, you know, five Skyrim or
something like that.
That was awesome.
That game is awesome.
But I think it's like you could spend hundreds of hours in it.
And I kind of like, that's why I like playing some of the Call of Duty games because the
campaign is so short.
It's done.
Cool.
I'm done.
All right.
If I want to play multiplayer, I can do that.
But I don't feel like I haven't completed anything in this.
And it's easy.
If you want me to get all the trophies or whatever, because it's all single player stuff,
sweet.
And that's it.
You know, whereas, you know, if I want to like 100% Skyrim, that's quite a lot of time.
Now, granted, that's enjoyable, but sometimes you just want to play other things.
And I think it's probably way more fulfilling to beat a game that's going to take you, you
know, 60 hours to beat like, I don't know, Dragon Age Inquisition or Skyrim or something
like that, as opposed to, I don't know, something like Flower, which I don't want to diminish
that game.
It's an amazing game in its own right, but it's only a two hour game.
It's an amazing two hour experience and I recommend it for everybody.
But, you know, I think beating a game that takes that like 60 hour investment probably
is worth, you know, especially if you're the guy, like that comment I read earlier, that's
doing two games a month, maybe give yourself more credit if you beat a BioWare game or
something versus, you know, oh, I beat, you know, a game that took me two hours to beat
type of thing.
Like quality over quality.
Well, I don't even want to say quality though, because like, you know, again, a game like
Gone Home was short.
And you know, I know some people even argue if that's a game period, but I think it is
an interactive experience that is absolutely worth experiencing, but it is short.
You know what I mean?
So in terms of, you know, your goals, I don't know if I would use the word quality, but
maybe just, you know, give the number of hours that it took you to beat something a little
more credit, I suppose.
Right?
Yeah.
I remember seeing that, and the whole thing that, you know, Todd McFarland designed characters
and that was pretty sweet.
I thought that was one of the games with gold titles or something.
I thought it's in my library somewhere maybe, but yeah, maybe, I don't know.
I keep staring at, you know, Dragon Age, you know, Inquisition and Far Cry 4, I'm like,
eh, don't want to buy these.
You know, if you want, Loki, if you promise to bring it back next week, you can borrow
my copy of Inquisition just to give it a try and save it your every hour.
I'm not going to time.
It's not good, unfortunately.
Alright, fair enough.
Alright, well, we are going to get into our gaming weeks here shortly, however, I have
one more kickoff topic to get into tonight, and tonight, you know, being that it was a
slower news week, admittedly, we don't have a lot of huge stories tonight, you know, it's
just the way it is, we're going to get into our 2015 predictions tonight, which here at
OLR can sometimes be a little silly.
We're not necessarily that they're always going to be accurate.
But we're going to do that through a highly scientific process known as listless, and
we'll get to that a little later in the show.
But I thought it would be fun to go back and look at our 2014 list and see what came true
and what didn't come true from that list, the 2014 list.
Now the number one answer from the process as voted on by our listeners last year was
from Dark Sakura's original list.
I'm looking at the entire list of 15 answers.
We had five hosts participate last year because we had Jason in studio, and that was during
the period of time that Loki was calling in because of the new baby.
We had Alan in here as well.
So one of Jamie's answers ultimately end up winning the listless, and her answer was gaming
created advances in accessibility.
In other words, there would be some type of gaming advancement that would lead towards
more accessibility for handicapped or, you know, accessible gamers.
So looking at that, what's that?
Which I think has happened in a few different ways.
I wasn't really sure.
I mean, this is kind of a gray area answer.
How do you think it's happened, Dark Sakura?
Because I didn't see anything really clear cut, but I do feel like companies are more
aware.
Definitely.
Improvement in motion control, improvement in voice action activated, and looking in
terms of PC gaming, you've got improved, they're actually, I've run across, I mean, the devices
have been out for a while, but they're really getting a lot more advanced.
You have braille keyboards, you know, all kinds of ways that people are able to actually
interact with their games by getting their dialogue on a braille feedback pad.
You know, I would love to see something like that come out on a console, but I mean, we're
seeing it more and more.
It's slow, but it's still happening.
That's true.
At the end of the day, there's definitely been more of an awareness, even if we haven't
seen like, here is the physical piece of technology that actually made accessibility happen more.
I think we've definitely seen an awareness, and I think a large part of that is thanks
to organizations like AbleGamers and a lot of activism you see out there on the internet,
like trying to make companies more aware.
There are reasons you should have keys be mappable in games and things like this, and
buttons mappable on controllers.
I kind of give that answer half credit.
Even though there was like nothing black and white, we still are in a better spot now,
I think, than we were in 2014.
So there's that.
So, yay us, question mark.
Here's the rest of the answers on Dark Soccer's list from 2014.
This answer was eliminated in the elimination round, but shipping war on the new Mass Effect,
which I think we joked when it was eliminated, that's always going to happen no matter what.
That answer is too safe.
Has there been shipping wars broken out over what little tidbits we've seen to the next
Mass Effect, which is actually nothing.
We've seen nothing of the new Mass Effect.
But there are plenty of shipping wars in Dragon Age, wasn't there?
So I got that half right.
Wrong Bioware franchise.
All right, and Dark Soccer's third answer from the 2014 list was World of Warcraft loses
1 million subscribers.
And we have an answer that panned out to be half true.
Warcraft took a huge dive in subscriptions.
It lost them, but they found them again.
Exactly.
As Pandaria wore on, Warcraft lost a huge amount of subscribers.
I was well over a million.
I want to say they lost more like 2 million across the year.
But when the new expansion came out, they were quick to brag that they got them all
back and they were back over 10 million.
So once again, Dark Soccer's answer gets half credit.
So there you go.
Loki's list.
Loki's list got decimated last year.
He had an answer, get immunity.
But let's take a look back.
He had 3 DS games on the Wii U, which ended up getting eliminated because it was too close
to one of Alan's answers.
So he said 3 DS games on the Wii U.
Didn't happen.
I can't even get half credit for that.
Didn't happen.
Didn't they announce DS games on the Wii U?
I don't think they ever did.
Game Boy games came to the Wii U, but that had started in 2013.
And I think we all saw that that was opening the door to DS games, but we have yet to see
one on Virtual Console.
So unfortunately that didn't end up being true.
Now your answer that ended up getting immunity, Left 4 Dead 3 or Source 2 released.
Also didn't happen.
Yeah, why should I even count Valve on releasing something in a timely fashion?
That was just dumb.
And then also on your list, it said Wii U price cut and I believe you said Mario Kart
8 will flop, leading to a Wii U price cut was what you said.
I don't think I said it would flop, but I don't think...
You did.
I'll go back to the audio.
I don't think I said it was...
No.
I don't think it would have flopped.
I said I don't think it would do enough to...
I don't think it would be enough to sell systems.
And that wasn't necessarily true.
It did sell systems because it's a great game.
Yeah.
And, uh, but no Wii U price cut, surprisingly.
Yeah, that's because they're doing pretty good off of Smash and Super Mario, or Mario
Kart 8.
They've enhanced the value, they've put more in, I mean, like everybody gets a deluxe now
for what you were paying the basic before.
So they've kind of, you know, again, maybe I'd give you a quarter credit on this.
Nah, I wouldn't.
I wouldn't.
They didn't actually cut the price because of, you know, doing bad.
But still, I think what they've kind of done now is that they're, I mean, I don't know,
they're kind of in like a balance right now.
They're not getting any more third party support, but they're not necessarily losing more third
party support.
And the first party's kind of keeping everything afloat right now, but, I mean, as soon as
those first party games aren't coming out, or it's not like...
Because we had a pretty decent release schedule.
We had, you know, Mario Kart 8 and then Smash Brothers, and that was pretty big, and the
Zelda game was alright.
But I'm worried that, you know, if Zelda doesn't come out next year or something like that,
there's not going to be a whole ton to kind of keep it afloat.
I think right now it's just, that's, what's going to happen is once those first party
titles start drying up, or maybe it's not necessarily the releases that people might
want, you know, if it's a Pikmin 4 or something like that, then you might start seeing it
start to waver a bit.
I think it's non-negotiable that a new Zelda will come out next year, and I think that
is, that is orders from the top that Zelda will happen in 2015, it has to.
I think there's intense pressure at Nintendo.
I think other stuff will get delayed to pull those people to work on Zelda if they have
to.
I think Zelda is a must happen for Nintendo in 2015.
And I think it'll be great.
There's no reason to think it won't be amazing.
Nintendo puts out quality shit, so.
It looks fantastic.
Good for them.
Okay, going to Jason's list, now this is interesting because Jason had one of his answers eliminated,
but funny enough, Jason probably was more accurate than any of the rest of us.
Which means he needs to come back.
He's on the road tonight, by the way, if you guys are wondering why he didn't do the intro,
he's on the road tonight.
Jason said, Indy hit get signed or AAA port.
That's kind of, you know.
But Minecraft getting bought by Microsoft, I mean, that's the epitome of that answer
right there.
I think.
I would give Jason credit for that.
I mean, yeah, it was a safe answer, but Microsoft buying Minecraft was huge last year.
That was a big thing.
His next answer was Oculus Rift will run at 4K.
I don't know if this, I would have to ask, I would have to defer to the expert, Bobby
Blackwolf.
I'm not, Loki, are you in tune if this ended up happening?
I don't think it did.
Well, they don't have a final dev kit yet, and we don't know what this final specs are.
I don't think it did, but certainly we've seen progress on the Rift.
And then lastly, and this answer got eliminated by a very angry Alan, who is a fan boy, when
Jason said there will be no release of Half-Life 3.
You want to talk about a safe answer.
That was definitely a safe answer that was on the board.
All right.
And Bobby Blackwolf confirming in our chat room over at live.vognetwork.com, no 4K, Gear
VR is 1440p.
Okay.
So here was my list, and boy did I, oh my God, I didn't get a single one.
But then again, I was being a little silly.
So here was my list.
F-Zero Boner Party was my number one answer.
And I knew that wouldn't come true.
That was more wishful thinking that there'll be the year of Captain Falcon.
To be fair, I mean, you may have had a mini F-Zero Boner Party when you saw the DLC announcement
for...
Thank you.
You know what?
That's a good...
Thank you.
Thank you for that.
That is a good point.
Thank you.
I think...
And then you probably played it and you realized how crappy it was.
And we got the Captain Falcon amiibo, which I'm seeing more pictures of that one on Twitter
than any other.
And it's all pictures of his ass.
I can't possibly imagine what it is about Captain Falcon's ass that has everybody...
Because he has one now.
That ass.
You're anaconda.
Don't.
You're anaconda.
Okay.
Anyway.
And my next answer was Microsoft jacks the Oculus Rift.
I think I kind of knew in the back of my mind that probably wasn't gonna happen.
But Facebook ended up jacking the Oculus Rift.
So oops on that.
Who would have thought?
And then my number three answer was so morbid.
Not as morbid as Alan's list.
But my number three answer was Ouya goes under, which I think I was in a fair position to
say last year.
They're made out of styrofoam, man.
You can't sink that thing.
You know what?
There are still a lot of indies that really swear by Ouya, and Ouya's definitely out there
to support indies.
So I can't hate on what Ouya's doing at all, and I don't.
But certainly I'm still kind of looking at it going, where's...
How are they gonna turn that thing into profits next year?
I don't know.
But anyway, Ouya is still around.
They did not go under.
All right, Alan's list.
Bethesda confirms Fallout 4.
I was hoping that'd be true, but no.
Yeah, me too.
Me too.
Maybe next year.
Didn't end up happening.
Didn't end up happening.
Nintendo DS titles on the eShop, and they are poorly done.
Also, no DS titles showed up.
We had Game Boy Advance, but we did not get Nintendo DS titles.
So Alan did not end up being correct on that.
And then this answer got eliminated right off the bat, because it was a little morbid.
You might remember last year, he said, a Nintendo godfather of gaming would pass away.
So that didn't happen.
We did have...
Now we had Ralph Baer, who would be the godfather of all gaming, passed away.
So Alan can maybe get half credit for that, because one could argue without Ralph Baer,
you would not have Nintendo at all.
So there you go, even though I guess Nintendo's business was playing cards.
And Awada was kind of sick.
I mean, thank god he made a recovery.
Thank god he made a recovery.
I don't want to be dark or morbid, but he did disappear for a little bit.
Just saying.
Just saying.
Anyway.
So there you go.
So looking at our list of predictions on what came true, not a lot.
So don't give me ideas for games, because that could happen.
I could make that.
What?
I'm not done with my game yet.
I have a racetrack and everything.
Oh no, there's a chat in here.
Raginator said, I wonder if any would make an F-Zero type game where you race boners
for the vlog jam.
And I said, boner racing?
It'd be people with their flying dongs pulling the bodies along.
How old are you guys?
How old are you guys?
We should call it Cosmic Thrust.
You guys have issues.
All right.
I don't have issues.
Subscriptions.
We will get to our 2015 list a little later on in the show.
We have to get to what little gaming news there is this week, though.
But first, our gaming weeks and the types of video games that we have been playing this
week.
DarkSakura, how was your gaming week?
Dragon Age.
Lots more Dragon Age?
More, more Dragon Age.
Why haven't you beat it yet?
Because I don't want my heart to be broken yet.
I see.
I'm Romancing Solas.
So that should be enough for all the people who've seen all the spoilers.
I see.
I'm also doing, well, because I like sleep in the morning.
So I play Dragon Age after work.
And I've really just been running around exploring stuff.
Just actually taking scene porn in and killing dragons.
My thing now is killing dragons.
But I'm in a game called Dragon Age.
There are dragons?
Yes.
I'll be damned.
You can kill them.
They give you shit.
But right now I'm only level 21 and the dragon I'm trying to kill is like a level 22 dragon.
Is it that one in the Hinterlands?
He's very annoying.
There's three in the Hinterlands.
Oh, shit.
Not in the Hinterlands.
That was easy.
The three in Empress du Leon is where it is.
There's three of them there.
One of them I could kill.
It was a hard fight, but I could kill.
The other two I'm nowhere near yet.
But I've killed almost all the other easy dragons.
I'm going to go after a couple more.
And I'm just basically kind of doing a really slow, enjoying myself completionist kind of
run.
So I like that I can take my time with it.
I've just been enjoying myself.
Alan's been doing something similar.
I noticed he's been playing Dragon Age with all the hubble around Dragon Age Inquisition.
He decided, you know what, I'm going to start from the very beginning.
So he played all the way through Dragon Age again.
The original Dragon Age Origins and the DLC.
Now he's making his way through Dragon Age 2.
And I think he's at the end of Act 2 right now, he said was the last point I checked
with him.
He was there.
And then he will start Inquisition.
So he's like having a whole month of it.
I found one mission that I wish I had done differently because I like the best ending
of it better than the one I got.
So I'm going to definitely be doing a second playthrough, but I figured my next playthrough
I'm not going to go after Solas because, I mean, I'm going to cry a lot.
I know it's going to happen.
So I'm probably going to romance Cullen next because he's fluffy.
But I also played some Final Fantasy 14, because I'm trying to remember I'm paying for this.
So I played a little bit, I'm just, I really, really, really, really, really, really, really
hate What Does Fuck.
Great, now I can't remember the douchebag's name.
In 14?
In 14.
Um.
Who's the guy who annoys me so much?
Oh, Hildebrand.
Yeah.
Him.
He's like comic relief though.
He's not funny.
He is the antithesis of funny.
I don't find stupid funny.
So you must not watch a lot of Adam Sandler films.
Not really, actually.
And I hated, well, you know, I also hated Seinfeld, so.
But I mean, there's a few things that made me laugh, but I've actually been kind of giggling
over Ultros.
And then.
They do a really good job incorporating like the Final Fantasy 6.
There's like some direct quotes lifted out of 6 that Ultros reuses in 14.
It's great.
It's a great love letter to 6.
But I also, I've got all of my new gifted games downloading.
They were downloading while I was leaving.
And I actually, I did some Borderlands 2 on my pretty shiny MacBook Pro.
And more Fractal.
Because I love Fractal.
It's probably my favorite puzzle game to come out this decade.
Alright.
Loki, how was your gaming week?
Really all I did was I played just like a Marvel Super Heroes.
And I didn't really get anywhere other than buying some DLC that really was overpriced.
But now I have a bunch of characters I don't really give a shit about.
Like all the tertiary characters from Thor.
Whatever.
I don't even know who these guys are.
Some of them I swear were from The Hobbit, but okay.
What else?
That was pretty much it.
Just working on my VoG Jam title.
We do want to use this opportunity to remind people the VoG Jam is going on right now.
Create a game.
Make something, dammit.
The theme is a buggy game.
And the entries are due the next show.
Five o'clock Pacific, eight o'clock Eastern on Sunday the 11th.
So Loki's starting to realize he may have picked too big of a scope for a game to finish
in three weeks.
It's just taking a lot of time.
It's not that I had enough time.
It's just with the kids and everything it's hard to get time to work on stuff.
And I've stayed up late every night trying to do it.
And now that I have this bug in Unity that's making things look really ugly, it's kind
of pissing me off because it puts me even more behind.
You'll get there.
Ask for help.
Maybe somebody can help you.
Crack the code.
It's awesome.
Those guys we had on from Cooking with Unity a couple weeks ago, one of them is participating.
How amazing is that?
So I've seen some of the work you guys are doing on the VoG forums.
It's awesome.
I'm really hoping I can get something done.
I had a little setback because something with my day job came up.
So I have to work on that instead of a game when I have some free time.
So I really encourage people to make things for that and we will be talking about what
got submitted next week on the show.
Remember, your submissions should come to Jam at VoGnetwork.com.
More information is available at VoGnetwork.com in our forums.
Bobby's compiled a special forum for the Jam and there's a whole post there detailing all
the information.
So check that out.
Meanwhile, my gaming week.
So yes, I did play other games because I was sick over New Year's.
So I was going to buy something to make myself feel better.
And I decided to buy something on the Wii U that I've seen a lot of people talking really
fondly about on Twitter and stuff.
So I said, you know what?
I'm going to buy Captain Toad.
There's a lot of people who have been talking very highly of this game so I'm going to check
out this game and see what it's all about.
So I played a little bit of Captain Toad and it's those little levels from Mario 3D World.
You had these special puzzle levels that starred Toad or Captain Toad but he couldn't jump
and he was restricted a little bit.
And some of it was more about spatialness because you would be able to rotate the screen
around and have to figure out what corridor leads to that gem or how do I get to the star
from there to do that without jumping.
And so Captain Toad is kind of a game made up of that whole spatialness and puzzleness.
I got to admit, I'm not loving it like a lot of people seem to that I know on Twitter and
so forth.
But it's cute.
And I think if you realize what type of game you're going to get, I think it's worth looking
at.
Now I will say the game did earn a lot of points with me when I got to this one level
that it was starting to do something really different.
And granted, I haven't beat the game yet, I haven't had enough time.
But if the game is going to do more of that with some of the stages later on, then I can
see where, okay, this is the mine car level is the first time you get in a level that
does something different.
And it's really cool because on the game pad, you see a Pokemon Snap style thing where you're
looking around and you can throw the vegetables at different obstacles that are in the way
and so forth.
But then on the game screen, you just see the static, you know, what you would expect
of Toad in the cart going around, you know, more like a static picture, like if the level
was not interactive.
So I like that kind of, you know, how it worked between the game pad and the television because,
you know, despite the fact that this whole game pad thing is really Nintendo's baby and
their idea, a lot of games aren't using it extensively.
So it was nice to see that kind of taken advantage of in that Captain Toad level.
And I also really liked that because it detected data from Mario 3D Land, you're able to play
some stages from Mario 3D Land as Captain Toad, which is trickier than it sounds because
remember Captain Toad can't jump and he moves very slow.
But it's kind of neat to have to re-approach the levels from that perspective.
So I kind of thought it was a neat little twist to kind of combine the two things there.
But I still think $40 might be a little high for this, which I think was a lot of people's
reservation about this game.
But for what it is, it's still a Nintendo product and you know it has a lot of polish
and a lot of the levels are very vibrant.
The levels are very diverse.
That's a nice thing about it too, is that it's not like you're just playing the same
like planes level over and over.
Like even within the first four stages, you're in these completely different landscapes.
So in that regard, it's kind of neat and there are some different stuff that happens with
the challenges and the double cherries and things like that.
But I don't know, I guess I didn't fall in love with it the way I have other Wii U titles
this year.
Maybe I'm just not far enough into it.
I don't know.
But one thing, and this will be the last thing I'll say about Captain Toad, one thing I did
kind of feel like the game lacks compared to other very strong Nintendo titles for the
year is co-op.
There's really not a lot of reason to sit here and play this game with somebody else
in the same room.
There's nothing around that, unless it's something you unlock later, but you know, if it's behind
a lock and key, then I still consider it kind of not there, is that there's really not a
lot for more than one person to get involved with.
And when that's really Nintendo's strong point is creating these really strong multiplayer
fun games, like look at Mario Kart 8, look at the original Mario 3D World, look at, you
know, Super Smash Brothers Wii U, heck even Bayonetta 2 has an online mode.
You know, when you look at that being really Nintendo's strength, it is kind of a drawback
that Captain Toad is missing what is kind of Nintendo's forte in that regard.
So it's not bad, it's just not, I'm not really getting that same intense love for it I was
seeing a lot of on Twitter and so forth.
Going to the chatroom over at live.vognetwork.com, DarkTetsuya says, the minecart level was great,
my brother was playing it and I was helping point out stuff to hit lol, it reminded me
of one of Miyamoto's tech demos back at E3 last year.
And maybe that's, you know, how it got incorporated.
Let's see, those are some of the comments from our chatroom over at live.vognetwork.com.
Also, and you'll get a kick out of this, because this was released on Virtual Console, Pokemon
Pinball came out on Virtual Console and I loved that game on Game Boy Advance, the Ruby
Sapphire Pokemon Pinball games, so I had to buy that and I was playing that on Virtual
Console and that's the first, excuse me, that's the first Game Boy Advance game I've played
on Virtual Console and it translates very well.
It's a surprising amount of fun to play on Wii U, it's like playing like a Super Nintendo
game on the TV or something.
So yeah, I like Pokemon Pinball, so that made me happy that that's out.
Otherwise a lot of the same old stuff that I've been playing, more Final Fantasy XIV,
more Diablo III seasonal before the season ends on February 2nd, I think they're saying,
and so on.
All right, let's get into some housekeeping real quick.
We will not be here the week after next, that is Martin Luther King weekend, which would
be January the 18th, we will not be here that weekend, because I will be in Seattle
with Alan, we're doing a late celebration for our anniversary and the holidays and all
that.
Because I'm going to be gone for such a big chunk of the weekend, we're actually not really
going to be able to tape in advance either, so we are just not going to be here that week.
Sorry guys, taking a little break, but you can use the opportunity to catch up on the
backlog of OLR episodes or donate your time to another fantastic independent podcast,
there's so many great ones out there, I'd encourage you to look up.
Of course I'm going to point to those on our family at vognetwork.com, but no matter where
you pull your podcast from, do support other independent broadcasters, there's a lot of
hardworking people out there.
So that's in two weeks, there will be no live show and there will actually not be a podcast
that week either, we will finally be taking our holiday break a little late.
All right, let's go around and get into some news tonight.
What little there is this week, with it being the new year and a lot of companies still
off and people are working and there's not a lot of inertia coming off the Christmas
week, it's slow out there this week, but we have a little bit.
It's not coming out either, I mean it's just slow.
It's just how it is this time of year.
It's time to catch up.
That's right, this is the catch up time of year, absolutely.
And unfortunately one of the things you weren't able to catch up on was being able to be online
on PlayStation Network during this holiday season, because it was being DDOS and that
fun stuff.
Well, there is at least a little bit of an upside there, going to be compensating you
for the time that it was down.
So Sony is offering five extra days of PlayStation Plus, as well as a one time use 10% code for
the PlayStation Store.
And basically saying they wanted to show their appreciation for the user's patience after
the outage last month.
And I guess the 10% off is one time discount off of a total cart purchase in the PlayStation
Store.
So, God I hope that wasn't used when I bought that $1.99 DLC the other day.
No, I think it's coming soon.
I think you have to physically put that in your cart in order, I think you'll know when
you're spending it.
Okay, I guess.
That would have sucked.
Saved 19 cents.
Thanks.
What do you think about that?
Do you think that's a fair compromise for PlayStation being inaccessible over the Christmas
holiday?
I think that's fine.
I mean, they didn't even really have to do this kind of thing, just give us the extra
days.
Okay, you weren't able to get on, so we're going to send it out this many days.
I don't see that as being that difficult.
I know I was kind of the one last week that gave this a little bit of a hard time, and
I didn't want to sound like one of those whiners or gimme gimme, but the fact of the matter
was PlayStation was down for four days, and whether that was because of an outside attack
or not, we still are paying for that time, so I said, all I want is for Sony to come
out and say, hey, something happened, we're going to give you those days back.
And that's what they did, so I'm happy.
They came back and gave even an extra day, they gave five days.
Aren't you glad that the console of your console gaming choice doesn't disable you from playing
games when you can't connect online like one console might have?
Well, actually, if you are building up a library through PlayStation Plus, if you happen to
be past your expiration day, which Christmas probably was expiration day on PlayStation
Plus for a lot of people, if you're past that and it can't re-authenticate your PlayStation
Plus license, you can't play those games.
And Bobby was telling a story on his show tonight, he was trying to play Pinball Arcade,
and the way that Farsight Studios set it up to authenticate the table licenses, because
PlayStation Network was down, he couldn't play that.
So even though Sony came out and made this big deal about, oh, you don't have to be online
to authenticate, because of the way some games are developed, you do.
And some of the biggest, I mean, one might argue that the biggest title on PlayStation
4 this holiday season was Destiny, and that's online only.
So I mean, I don't know, yes and no with that.
But anyway, I don't want to sound like too much, I hate to be that cynical negative gamer.
I mean, things aren't perfect sometimes, but at the end of the day, last week, this is
all I said I wanted, and I think the compensation they're doing is fine.
Maybe, I mean, if I really wanted to nickel and dime things, which I'm not, but I just
want to say, maybe seven days, so that way everybody guaranteed gets a weekend, which
makes up for, oh, this is a time of year when we're away on a holiday break or whatever,
if everybody had that weekend, but five days is enough where you're going to probably get
at least one day out of the weekend.
So I'm not going to sit here and be like, oh, it's not good enough.
It's fine.
I'm happy, I'm not going to cancel PS Plus, I'm still very supportive of Sony and everything
they're doing.
I think this is fine, and the 10% off coupon is nice, but at the same time, it's kind of
like, well, it's not like Sony doesn't stand a profit off of that.
I mean, because if somebody is going to spend money on the PlayStation Store just to utilize
this 10% off coupon that they've got, then they've still spent money on the PlayStation
Store they might not have otherwise.
So I sort of see that as a non-issue.
That's a nice thing.
And for those that buy stuff online anyway and might have a $50 game they were planning
to buy digitally anyway, this is a really nice little reward for that.
But I also see it just like any other coupon you might get in the mail.
It's incentive for you to go and utilize the store and get something you might not have
otherwise because, ooh, I got to get a bargain type of thing.
But I mean, I realize there's a lot of people out there who buy a lot of games digitally.
And so if you're going to stock up on stuff, if you bought two games online digitally in
January and used this 10% off coupon, you could save like 10 bucks, which is nothing
to scoff at.
So this is going to be nice for some people.
So there you go.
Darsakra, I don't know if you have a comment on if you think this is sufficient enough
compensation for the downtime.
What do you think hearing this, what PlayStation is doing with this?
Well, someone in corporate had to think it was sufficient.
So there's always going to be people who are going to bitch.
Yeah.
Oh, we're not going to get this free thing or we don't think we have enough.
Yeah.
Too bad.
Yeah.
And I don't buy the whole, we should get free games out of it because I kind of think PlayStation
Plus is really the leader in giving the free games as it is.
They're way ahead of the competition.
I realize Microsoft's giving away free games too, but let's be real, the bar of the stuff
they've been giving away hasn't quite caught up to PlayStation yet.
It's getting closer, but they were giving away years old games.
And I think a lot of it had to do with that authentication stuff we were talking about
when it first started.
On 360, they couldn't, once you got it, you would have it forever, unlike PlayStation
Plus, where if you lose PlayStation Plus, you lose the game.
And Microsoft didn't have that for a long time, which was affecting the quality of the
games they were giving away, I think.
But now they fixed that, right?
So now that's why the quality on Microsoft's gone up a little bit.
And Rama says, free games, my ass.
That's true.
They're not really free because you are paying that fee for them, but I mean, it was a lot
of games.
I mean, at the end of the day, consumer is free to make their own choice, but as a gamer,
one who uses consoles quite a bit, I found quite a bit of value in the PlayStation Plus
games that came out.
So it's just a bummer when the network's down and can't authenticate those games.
So, all right, moving on to the next story, which has to do with people that get free
games through their own dark methods, which is the Talos Principle.
The Talos Principle, it was revealed this week that if you are one of the people that
illegally downloaded this game, which Bobby last week on the show said was his favorite
game of the year, 2014, if you illegally downloaded or pirated the Talos Principle,
there's going to be an elevator in the game that will trap you in it, and there will be
no way to progress past the elevator.
And of course, this was discovered when somebody went to the forum to complain, help, I'm trapped
in the elevator.
I think they posted a screen cap and said, elevator doesn't work.
And the first response in the thread said, congratulations, you must be the first one
to show to the internet world what Croteam did this time to punish pirates.
You should be proud of yourself.
It'll be all over the internet in about 30 minutes, I'd say.
And sure enough, I think this guy's response ended up being something like, at least I'll
be famous for something, or something a little silly like that.
But yeah, so if you pirated the Talos Principle, you're not going to be able to get past this
particular elevator level that is until the pirates figure out their way around it.
But this is just another entry, and kind of a long-running list of how games are getting
back at pirates, or taking little jabs at them.
Like there was that game dev tycoon game a year or two ago, where it was about making
a game, and in a huge bit of irony, if you pirated that game, then piracy would ultimately
destroy the game that you made, and you would not be able to beat the game, period.
And then of course a lot of people know those stories about like Earthbound on the Super
Nintendo, yes even cartridges had anti-piracy measures in them, the enemies would be super
hard, and then what was it, you'd get to the very last boss in the game and it would delete
your save, something like that was what Earthbound would do.
And then there's other examples of this as well, you see this happening in a lot of games.
But I think a lot of us kinda, I don't know about you guys, but I get a kick out of seeing
the game companies take a little jab at piracy like this, because you know, they gotta sell
the games to be able to afford to pay the people to make them.
So, you know, however you want to justify piracy in your own mind, if you're the type
of person that copies games and doesn't pay for them or whatever.
I bet you're the same person that steals candy from babies!
Pirates.
But the reality is, if they can't pay their employees to make the game, then there's not
going to be a game.
That's, you know, just what it is.
So I always find these little tongue-in-cheek ways of getting back at the pirates kind of
funny.
And then at least it ends up being a demo for the game, and if people decide they like
the game enough, maybe they'll put down the money to buy it.
Nope, they'll just patch it.
Yeah, unfortunately that probably is what'll happen.
Alright.
Nope.
Well, I thought it was a clever little thing anyway.
That is clever.
That's a game in my backlog that I definitely want to get to as the Talos Principle, for
sure.
So, DarkSakura, what do you have for us?
We never get to our backlog, what are you talking about?
I know, right?
Well, there is a little bit of news out of Steamland, and it actually has to do with
two Sega games that are in the same franchise.
Aliens, Colonial Marines, and Aliens vs. Predator are gone through Steam.
Gone!
The chances are that this probably has to do with the licenses expiring, so they need
to renew the licenses before they'll be back for purchase.
But yeah, they are right now gone.
I mean, didn't we have the same thing with Crysis before?
Well, actually, licensed games, a lot of them have disappeared in digital distribution channels
the end of this year.
Scott Pilgrim, the game on console is no longer there.
Uno on Xbox.
Well, you can still get the digital versions on some online sites, like I think Green Man
Gaming still offers them, and you can activate them on Steam, or you can buy the physical
versions.
Yeah.
I mean, Alien Isolation was supposed to be pretty darn good.
Yeah, I'm hearing good things about that, but who's gonna really buy Alien and Colonial
Marines?
Who's gonna be buying that?
I wanted to like that game just because it has Hendrickson in it.
And I'll just listen to him and go, Bishop, or, you know, what was his face in Mass Effect?
I'm here.
Hackett.
Yeah, Hackett.
Commander Hackett.
Admiral.
Admiral, sorry.
I will say, hands down, that Alien Isolation was the scariest game of the year last year
and it's worth checking out.
Scarier than Five Nights at Freddy's?
Scarier than Five Nights at Freddy's?
Scarier than P.T.?
Scarier than Slender Man?
Like scarier than all of that?
Well, you know the first Alien, for the movies that is, was supposed to be a space horror
movie.
Right.
And then, Aliens was more done as an action sci-fi, you know, which honestly, Aliens is
probably one of the best movies of our generation.
Right.
Which is why they still make video games out of it, even though maybe the third and fourth
movie weren't as, you know, legendary as that second movie.
The fact that that movie is so fucking good is why they keep making games out of it.
I will sit and just watch the extended cut.
And I really wanted to watch Resurrection, just to hear the Joss dialogue, but apparently
they just ruined the whole story that he had written.
But I like that there are games that are going back to the feel of the first movie,
having it be kind of a survival horror sort of thing.
And that's why I wanted to play Isolation, but I had too many games and never bought
it.
You know, it's funny, I saw that Alien Resurrection in theaters years and years ago, and you know
I don't get out to movies an awful lot, but that was, I think that movie came out when
I was in college when I went to the movies a little more, and I went and saw that one.
I don't remember hating it, like I thought it was kind of like, okay, it's just a big
silly action movie, which Aliens is not exactly a big silly movie, like it's just a really
good...
It's a hardcore awesome action film.
So it's kind of hard to see a series like that devolve into silly action movies.
It has some of the best ad lib stuff in it too.
Yeah, but I don't remember hating Alien Resurrection.
Well, the thing is that from everyone that's told me that you can see the good movie it
tried to be, except for people going in and changing shit.
And I had two reasons for wanting to see it.
Well, three reasons.
Sigourney Weaver.
Yep.
I love Winona Ryder.
I love her so much.
I really love her.
I mean, she's kind of, ever since that shoplifting incident, really kind of ruined her, didn't
it?
Well, she played Spock's mom and that was awesome.
That was awesome.
I lived for that.
And, well, you should watch the deleted scenes she was in in that too.
Oh, I haven't seen that.
I need to.
But the other thing was script by Joss.
And I like Whedon dialogue.
I'm sorry.
And just, I think it would be heartbreaking to go see it, knowing what it could have been.
Well, it was also a very famous director that did that.
And I, of course I say that and now I can't remember the guy's name, but he had made City
of Lost Children, Delicatessen, and all these very visual movies.
I love City of Lost Children.
Yeah.
It was that, that was the director based on that movie.
They asked him to do Alien Resurrection, a French guy, and I can't remember the guy's
name.
Somebody in chat will yell it out.
That's why I love doing this live.
Who needs Google?
I got a chat room.
So anyway, uh, let's see it.
Look in our chat room over at live.vognetwork.com.
Rageinator says, yeah, I saw Alien Resurrection in theaters too.
Sadly enough, not too long after that, my grandmother was rushed to the hospital and
ultimately died.
Oh, I'm really sorry to hear that.
That kind of sucks when you have to associate something that might've been pretty good with
a really bad memory.
But anyway, I don't want to take this too much to a dark place.
Tiger Claw says you heard about Neil Blomkamp wanting to do an Alien 5.
That looked pretty awesome.
I'm sure there's a lot of people.
That looked pretty awesome.
That want to do an Alien 5.
Well, he was supposed to, I guess, originally, yeah, he was going to do that as his debut.
Jean-Pierre Jeunet.
Thank you.
Thank you.
STR 100 Matt.
Jean-Pierre Jeunet.
Yeah.
The, the, uh, was it artwork for that looked pretty sweet.
And that's it.
I knew he did Amelie.
So he came after Alien Resurrection, he did Amelie, which is like one of.
I need to finish that movie.
It's one of, it's honestly like one of the best movies of the last decade.
I can actually follow most of the dialogue in it too.
I see.
Oh, really?
And I don't know if you remember, remember when I got a really, really short haircut?
I got her haircut.
And then Amelie Resurrection just gets really strange when they start trying to blend the
two genres together.
It's just, I didn't understand that, but okay.
Oh, Ron Perlman.
But watching Winona Ryder in that was a lot of fun too.
Making that safe expression.
I have a lot of love though for, for Aliens in the first movie.
Actually even liked the third one, so maybe I should see Resurrection.
I was trying to see what else John, that director's done.
He did a movie called A Very Long Engagement, which I don't remember that movie.
I've heard of it.
But he did that movie.
And then he was kind of on a break for a little while.
He did a movie in 2013 called The Young and Prodigious T.S.
Spivet.
Never heard of that.
Never heard of that.
But Helena Bonham- We just need to get guns back for another
second though.
Oh my God, Helena Bonham Carter's in that though, and she, she is a queen.
She is a queen in acting.
I mean, come on, Helena Bonham Carter, like in every Tim Burton movie, just fucking steals
it.
She left him.
Yeah, I heard about that.
I think she's going to go for Johnny Depp.
I don't know.
It's the OLR Hollywood gossip hour.
This is what happens when there's no gaming news.
But it started from a second of how awesome the Alien franchise could be.
You want to talk about like, I don't know, that-
No, I want to talk about Winona Ryder.
I want to talk more about Winona Ryder.
Winona Ryder?
Let's talk about that.
Alright, yes.
No, Beetlejuice 2.
I'm so fucking psyched to see that whenever the hell that comes out.
That's going to be fantastic.
Okay, okay, wait.
Michael Keaton will be in a wheelchair by the time he-
I don't care.
It'll still be good.
That's what CG is for.
Ranma wins the internet today.
What?
No, they're fighting for custody over Johnny Depp.
I'm sorry, but yeah, Tim Burton- Johnny Depp is a maniac pixie girl.
The definitive Burton- Look, I know you want us to talk games, but there's no fucking news
this week, so deal with it.
The definitive Burton film for me, which is also a Winona Ryder classic and a Johnny
Depp classic, and probably one of my favorite movies ever, is Edward Scissorhands.
I love that movie.
The movie is so fucking good.
I cry every time.
Every time.
Like a little baby.
Every time she's dancing in the-
If I cry-
Every time she's dancing in the snow, I cry.
Every time.
If I watch it right now, I'd be crying green tears.
I would-
I have green mascara too.
We need to do like a Let's React video to watching Edward Scissorhands.
Let's do it.
Isn't that the thing people do on YouTube?
Let's react.
Let's do it.
That's what thousands and millions of people have seen, but you want to see our reaction
to it.
Do the thing.
Do the thing.
Loki, you want to join us for a Let's React to Edward Scissorhands?
I don't get affected that much by Edward Scissorhands.
You wouldn't cry manly tears just a little bit?
I like the movie.
I think it's awesome, but I'm not going to cry over it.
But we need your man tears.
As a proper feminist, I thrive on the tears of men.
I'm kidding.
I'm kidding.
That's bad.
All right.
Raginator says in chat, the only Burton movie that I cared for was the 1989 Batman.
I prefer-
Speaking of which, the NES game is fucking amazing.
I preferred Batman Returns, not the game because the game was kind of crap.
The movie Batman Returns, as much as I understand why people hated the penguin, Catwoman was
just perfection.
Nobody will ever match Michelle Pfeiffer.
She got the whip scene in one take.
Amazing.
I love her.
And she was in Grease 2.
I don't mind Danny DeVito as a penguin.
I thought it was okay.
And Dungeon Buster says in chat, Vincent Price almost gave him real hands.
That's right.
One of Vincent Price's last roles was in that movie.
I know.
Let's just think about Vincent Price for a minute.
We're going to let Loki do the next story because it's his anyway.
And Rob and I are just going to sit in a corner and eat these chocolate chip cookies and cry.
That's fine.
Rob, I hope you have tissues because this is expensive mascara.
It's Pantone Emerald Green today.
Hello.
But there's actually Kleenex on the table for the show.
It's like-
I'm sorry.
Next story.
Loki, take us back to games.
Since I didn't read the fine print on this story originally, today I was like, ooh, January,
I'm going to see what new PlayStation Plus games are on there.
Nope, they're not there yet.
But yes, they will be as of Tuesday.
And what can you expect on PlayStation Plus for the month of January?
Well, actually some pretty cool stuff.
For example, on PlayStation 4, as we already knew, we're getting Infamous First Light,
which is the standalone expansion for Infamous Second Son.
And then also the indie game is Swapper, will be as part of the PlayStation 4 section.
And then for PlayStation 3, you get Prototype 2 and DuckTales Remastered.
And then finally on the Vita, Woah Dave and Duke Nukem 3D Megaton Edition, which that's
awesome that you can play Duke Nukem 3D on your Vita.
There's a reason to have a Vita right there.
Or a PlayStation TV, I guess.
Did you know that Duke Nukem 3D is actually now in the current Humble Bundle?
I did actually hear about that.
I think we're going to talk more about the Humble Bundle that's up right now later in
the show.
But yeah, I noticed that.
That's the problem with the Humble Bundles.
I'm starting to own all the games that are on every single one now.
Yeah, but you can actually gift your codes now.
I understand that, but I have my gift code library or whatever is getting about be as
big as my Steam library.
I'm being pointed at.
You were talking before the show and you probably don't want me to bring this up on air, but
I don't care.
You were talking before the show about your idea about the multiplayer streams that you
and I and maybe Loki can do on Twitch or whatever.
We fucking need to do Duke Nukem.
Oh, no, no, no, not even Duke Nukem Forever.
It can't be that shit.
It has to be Duke Nukem 3D Deathmatch.
In the bundle, Duke Nukem 3D.
Deathmatch.
Deathmatch Duke Nukem 3D.
Where you can put in the voice macros.
We can get Loki to do that one.
You can put in the voice macros.
I don't remember my PC.
Rob, no, no, no, no, no, no.
There are special things about Duke Nukem 3D.
It was my first land game.
Mobicon 1995.
Oh, I've told the story about the college dorms and the dial-up and playing Duke Nukem
3D where us little nerds, me and my best friend in the dorms in college.
We were neighbors.
We lived right next to each other and adjoining rooms that were next to each other.
And all the bros, sports player, football guys would love to watch us play.
And they were the biggest drama queens out of anybody I've ever met in my life because
they would be gossiping like, where you at?
Where you at?
And then they'd look and then they would run to the other room and tell my friend where
I'm hiding and where I'm camping so that he could kill me.
Those bitches.
I'm like you little gossipy bitches.
Those catty bitches.
Go out and throw your ball.
I wish I had some of my old maps they made during high school.
There are some pretty awesome maps.
You're probably the type that made a map where somebody would fall an entire mile down the
map for no good reason than you wanted them to do that.
I did.
Of course you did.
But no, it wasn't.
It was a great reason because you could do midair battles.
But yes, I literally, because you hit page down to lower the floor of the map.
So I put a paperweight on page down and went and had lunch and came back and that was part
of my map.
The fall was a good five to six minutes long.
But Duke Nukem 3D gave me one of my favorite, favorite insults ever.
Your face, your ass, what's the difference?
And I still have a WAV file from that back from AOL 2.5 days when you can play WAV files
in chat rooms and it's in my damn WAV file collection.
You could do that on instant messenger too.
Yes, you could.
That's what we did before emoticons.
Yeah.
We played WAVs.
Yeah.
You would send the WAV on AOL instant messenger.
Your face, your ass, what's the difference?
And today we have the smiling pile of poop emoticon.
Oh the smiling pile of poop.
You know what?
What?
I used to have a theme song that would play every time I'd go into a chat room back in
the Sailor Moon chat room on AOL.
I'm sure that wasn't annoying whatsoever.
Who remembers Town Square Sailor Moon?
I do.
Oh look at this, you gotta love the Google-Fu of the live chatters.
You gotta love this.
Tigerclaw dug this up in like 30 seconds.
Your face, your ass, what's the difference?
Oh yeah.
We also had a really horrible one that we would use, and I know it's not politically
correct but I'm gonna say it anyway, is like, who are you, the poster child for abortion?
Who was it?
I don't remember that one, didn't I?
It was a voice macro that one of my friends made.
Who was it that used to do that during, who was it, it was one of the games we'd play
like a VOG game night or something like that that someone would play those macros through.
That was when we were playing Perfect Dark, and I want to say it was like me and Breslull,
maybe Travis Donovan was in on that too, but I think it was SSGA 100 Matt had one of those
little like adapter things for the Xbox 360 controller so he could drop in those little
clips while we're trying to play on Xbox, I think it was like a Perfect Dark match we
were all playing, and SSGA 100 Matt was being a little smart ass, so I think he called into
the show and talked about it around that time, just go look up the show from whenever Perfect
Dark was released.
For the record, I would never say something like that to somebody.
To their face.
No, ever, because I don't think that's something they make fun of.
Alright.
I'm a good girl, dammit!
Mmhmm.
Alright.
To register participation for this week's episode of Orange Lounge Radio at vognetwork.com,
use the passphrase, hammer.
Let's move on.
Well, if you're a good girl that wants to be bad, very very very bad, you could play
a very naughty, very graphic, very gory game, such as Mortal Kombat X.
Darsaka, are you looking forward to Mortal Kombat X?
Fuck no.
I thought this would be the type of game that's up your alley.
I don't know, these, I like me some Mortal Kombat, don't get me wrong, it's always been
my favorite fighting franchise because it's a little bit over the top and silly and cartoon
violent, but when I'm seeing the new one and the movies and stuff and the fatality images
that are coming from the new Mortal Kombat, I'm like, this is starting to get a little
too real for me.
I mean, I realize it's over the top, but now we're crossing that line into Saw movie territory
and I don't know how that makes me feel.
That's awesome.
Yeah.
I don't know, some of the stuff is, it's gross, but regardless, I'll probably make my mom
play this one too and record it and put it on the internet because it's funny.
But Mortal Kombat X, some more information came out about this one, and this is thanks
to a Finnish gaming magazine who I guess got to see some more information by taking a trip
to the studios, and one of the new fighters that they unveiled is an older Kung Lao because
this game does take place a little later on in the Mortal Kombat history.
So now you have a Kung Lao who still has the hat with a bunch of spikes on it, but now
a little bit of the gray mustache and beard thing going on there, and they talk about
that some of the differences with the Tempest and Buzzsaw and Hat Trick variations are some
of the biggest ones yet.
He uses more spinning attacks and has the ability to set his hat to spin around him
as a shield of sorts.
And the Buzzsaw variation, his hat is sharpened with razor blade edges and allows the player
to control the hat that throws more.
And then Hat Trick is an experimental one because you can throw and call back your hat
at any point you want.
This keeps the opponent on their toes because the hat can extend combos.
Don't forget the fighters in Mortal Kombat X, they're going to have these different variations.
That's part of the game.
They'll be different flavors of the same character.
It's kind of their experimental place that they're going.
So yeah, that's pretty neat.
Some other little tidbits on Mortal Kombat X. Ed Boon talking about that the online features
are more complex this time around.
When you start the game, you get to choose your own alliance from five different options.
The Lin Kuei, the White Lotus, the Brotherhood of Shadows, the Special Force, and the Black
Dragon.
And so your team will be gathering battle points for the team, which will decide how
the game menus look in single and multiplayer.
So every player contributes to the entirety, whether or not you prefer the social aspects
or playing by yourself.
That sounds kind of neat, that everybody will be championing a different faction, and whatever
faction is in the lead kind of controls what everybody sees.
And you're Slytherin, and you're Hufflepuff, and you're Gryffindor.
Harry has decapitated his opponent, ten points to Gryffindor.
It's extreme quidditch is what this all is.
Kung Lao's just going to hop on a broom and fly around, and him and Cassie Cage and all
these other new people that are showing up in the game.
Have you seen some of the fatalities out of Mortal Kombat X?
I gotta say, Joystiq ran an article this week talking about, I don't know, it was talking
about why do we like gory games so damn much or whatever.
And there was some picture that went with the article that's like this new bug queen
or whatever she is that's one of the new playable characters in the game.
It was a gif of, and yes I said gif, deal with it, it was a gif of her fatality where
these bugs fly out and eat Scorpion's head.
It's not just enough, like in the old games it would have been LOL, his face melted and
that's it.
But it wasn't enough because now it has to go over the top.
Not only do the bugs eat away his face, but then they eat so much of his face that his
jaw snaps off, then his head falls off and rolls on the ground, and if that wasn't enough,
she takes her heel and stomps out his head.
She just did a hacky sack with it.
So it's like, and all of this on the Playstation 4 and Xbox One and this generation of gaming's
ultra photorealistic technology.
That's why even I'm starting to take after my mother.
That's gross.
That is so gross.
In this day and age of like indie games and being able to make whatever you want, why
don't we get like a really, really, really over the top thrill kill type game?
Like just so beyond tasteful.
Well there's that very controversial.
What is it?
Hatred is the name of that game?
Surely you've heard about this because there's a whole, there's a whole back and forth about
the Steam Greenlight.
Well, it's back now because that's kind of where, that kind of, it's too much for me.
Too much.
Too much.
But I also think the Saw movies and those type of ultra gore movies don't exactly contribute
a lot either and I don't watch them.
So I at least apply that logic consistently.
Anyway, all right, let's move on and we're going to travel around the world and check
out some release dates here in a minute.
But first, Dark Sakura has something a little different, but you know, there wasn't a lot
of news.
So we have different things.
Well, you know, I talk about science.
There's nothing wrong with science.
Yeah.
So basically it's not necessarily video game, but it's video game-ish because it's a simulation.
They're actually using data from airport x-ray simulations to help with security and
cancer screening.
Basically for people who use security x-rays over and over again, the machines, they become
adept at recognizing certain patterns, what certain contraband looks like.
And so it builds up their reaction time.
They could spot it in an instant and they're using the same type of simulation to help
people recognize certain things a lot faster.
Basically they are using the simulations to help them find things that they couldn't
otherwise in a lab environment.
So now they have it to where they can do all of these different simulations to mimic what
would have taken that many trials.
So they're actually using the same data to help radiologists read cancer scans, to help
with all kinds of other things.
But they are working with funding coming from the Homeland Security Solutions and the
Army Research Center.
So and he's trying to get work with some of the groups that work with TSA.
So we could get some benefit out of this, but it's the same reaction time that comes
from gaming, you know, simulations.
They're basically just focused games.
I guess that is true.
Yeah.
All right.
Well, let's travel around the world and check out some release dates, L.O.L.
No, I'm going to stay home and eat these cookies.
I kind of think this is going to be.
But you know, we do the segment every week.
So let's see.
You never know.
There might be some really weird, obscure thing.
Didn't we get like Bioshock 2 like the first week of January one year?
Like didn't we get Bioshock 2 or one of the Bioshock, yeah, Bioshock 2 I think was like
one of the first weeks in January.
Yeah.
And Final Fantasy 13.2 I think a few years ago was like early January, wasn't it?
So sometimes, sometimes you have something here or there, but I don't know.
Let's see.
Let's check out release dates this week.
Um, sadly, there is not, that's not the case this year.
There's actually nothing coming out until the end of January as of right now.
And the last, the next thing that's coming out actually would be Saints Row, Gat Out
of Hell for PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360 and PC.
Then they're doing the kind of remastered Saints Row 4 with Gat Out of Hell.
That's not coming out though until the end of the month.
In the meantime, nothing.
Traveling over to Japan, it's really the same story.
There's really nothing to report over in Japan.
No real releases until we get to at least January 15th and things don't really pick
up until January the 22nd.
So now's the time to start catching up on your gaming or maybe you're preordering big
releases that are coming out in the year in Japan such as Final Fantasy Type 0 HD, which
is March 19th, 2015 coming out in Japan.
But as far as January goes in this first week, nothing being released in Japan.
Dark Sakura, how about the UK?
Three whole games, at least that they're telling me of.
Warhammer Quest for Mac and for PC.
So I guess that's technically one game.
And then Captain Toad Treasure Tracker will be out on the 8th.
The other one's going to be on the 7th.
Oh, that's right.
Europe had to wait till this year, but they got a bumped up release.
Sorry Europe.
Yeah.
They had to wait, but at least there's some games that you got well before we did.
Yeah.
And at least you're getting a game this week.
And we bitched about it until we got it.
That's right.
All right.
That's how it works in America.
We bitch until we get our way.
Just a couple more stories for you guys then our classic game of the week.
But first, Loki.
Yes.
So I don't know if I'm not too sad about this, but I guess if you're looking for a cheaper
option for Kinect for Windows, you're going to be out of luck pretty soon.
The original Kinect adapter, which came out back in 2013, is going to be phased out.
They're going to be actually only having the version 2, the one that would be coming with
the Xbox One.
Also, the one that's more expensive, that is going to be the one that you're going to
be able to buy.
Now, however, I don't know how many people actually use Kinect for Windows, aside from
maybe people developing stuff for Kinect.
But you probably want the new sensor anyways, because the old one wasn't as good.
It's just so much more expensive.
So yeah.
That's that.
All right.
Well, I don't know how many of you guys are playing the Halo 5 beta.
That's another one of my gaming resolutions.
By the way, finally get a freaking Xbox One, because I really should have bought one over
this holiday season.
But for personal reasons, I was unable to.
Nothing against Microsoft or the Xbox One.
Just had to put my money in other places.
But I do want to get an Xbox One over the next year, and one of the games I would likely
check out on it is Halo 5.
I surprisingly have not been hearing a lot about the beta on Twitter.
Maybe I just follow the wrong crowd.
I guess I have a lot more Nintendo fans that I know.
But I know the Halo 5 Guardians multiplayer beta is going on right now on Xbox One.
And they are mixing it up a little bit this week.
It started on December 29th.
This week, they're going to be adding Breakout, which is round-based, and your Spartan has
one life each round.
The first team to take five rounds wins the match.
And there are two maps that you can play Breakout on called Crossfire and a variant named Trench.
There are some new maps coming to the Slayer playlist, Regret and Eden.
Regret is a remix of the Truth map.
Eden is a remix of the Empire map.
Those were both playable in week one.
And thanks to a user vote, you can now wield the Hydra MLS, which is a brand new weapon
in the Halo universe.
So there you go.
That is all the updates on what's going on with the Halo 5 Guardians beta, which looks
pretty.
I need to go look up some YouTubes and live streams and try to see this a little more
in action.
I just, you know, again, I skipped out on Xbox One, unfortunately, this time around,
and just didn't get a chance to check this out.
So I don't know.
Have you been hearing anything on the Halo 5 beta, Loki?
Nope, because I'm a marginal Halo fan and I don't have an Xbox One.
Going to our chat room over at live.vognetwork.com, ActDeaf says, Sky, you follow me and I'm the
right crowd.
Where are you playing?
Please chatters, you guys can help when we, you know, we don't have time to play everything
or money to play everything.
So if you guys have played something we haven't, we're dying to know your opinion is the show
where every gamer has a voice.
So over at live.vognetwork.com, let us know what I might be missing by not checking this
out.
All right, let's get to the classic game of the week.
You know what?
Who needs Halo 5?
In fact, who needs Halo 1?
When you've got classics to play.
That's right, it's time for Dark Soccer to step into the gaming vault and find a classic
game that she thinks, hey, you should be playing this game this week.
Forget all this newfangled technology.
This is the time of year where we catch up on games.
It's time for you to catch up on games that are 10 years old.
I had to check five times to see if I've done this game before.
I was shocked that you have never done this game before.
I've been shocking myself lately.
Shocked.
This is really a duh this week, people.
But I'm all right.
We have to start with the music, though, for the first one.
Well, it is a game that people need to frickin' check out if they haven't already.
It's one of the best music games ever and really, a little bit more.
Do you guys hear this Eurobeat?
This very specialized Eurobeat.
The game is Guitar Man.
Guitar Man is a music game that was done by, I'm going to mispronounce this, but it's Enis,
I-N-I-S, and it was published by Koei for the PS2.
Enis!
Enis!
Excuse me, I had to burp off the mic.
All the Enis talk made you burp.
Oh, Enis, it makes my gastrointestinal tract just inflamed for the Enis.
Anyway, the game has actually, the artwork is done actually by one of my favorite commercial
artists, Mitsuru Nakamura, and the music was done by a band called Coil, of course, Japanese
band.
It came out on June 21st, 2001 in North America, I'm sorry, in Japan, and in North America
on February 18th, 2002 in Europe it came out June 21st, 2002.
It's had a port that came out on PSP called Guitar Man Lives, and in Japan it was Guitar
Man Live, which I think is a better name, but that came out in 2006.
So what the hell kind of game is this, huh?
Well you play as a character named Yuwan, which actually his name made so much more
sense in the Japanese version, it was Yuichi, which that actually, it's the same thing,
it just sounds like it makes more sense.
Anyway, he's kind of bullied on, and the girl he likes doesn't like him, so basically his
dog teaches him how to play guitar.
His dog's name is Puma.
And he eventually becomes the Guitar Man.
He inherits the last Gitaroo, and so he has to fight these huge creatures that also control
Gitaroos.
You have different kind of bars that move around for a center location, and so you move
the analog controller in conjunction with these bars you have to go, and you tap certain
buttons at certain times.
You've got five different phases, and you've got a life bar.
So the better you do, the more you take off of the other person.
The worse that you do, the more life you lose.
So you've technically got, the three main phases are charge, attack, and guard, where
you have to follow a trace line with the analog stick, and then you have red phase bars so
that you can press buttons at the end of the phases, so that you time it when it hits the
screen.
Basically it's all rhythm.
In charge you get notes that restore your health, and in attack that's when you actually
start attacking the other guys.
You also have the harmony and the end phase, and really, it's hard to really describe the
game as something that you'll just have to see.
Can I play the other song though?
Yes please.
Oh, I put up the Sandbone Trio I think.
Yes, that is the other song that we're going to hear.
The Sandbone Trio is like my second favorite song.
The Born To Be Bone song.
Turn it up a touch.
Such a good song.
The soundtrack for this game is a maze, anyway.
And by the way, AkumaJP in chat says it's pronounced Ani-Sue.
Ani-Sue?
Mm-hmm.
Okay.
Thank you.
I still like anus!
You would.
Shut up, what do you try to say?
Anyway...
Is that a gay joke?
No, maybe you just have...
You could be a proctologist, Rob.
One day, Rob, you could be a proctologist.
Classic game.
Talk about it.
And there's also Master's Mode once you've beaten the game once, where it's a lot harder,
you have a lot more complex notes, the trace line becomes more difficult, and you take
more damage from mistakes, then you get Versus Mode that you can play up to four player,
where you play each other in two teams doing the guitaros parts and the opponents parts.
The PSP version has Duet Mode, where you can play cooperatively via the ad hoc in two new
levels where you get Metal Header and Tota Passion.
So the characters in the game, like I said, you have Yuwan or Yuichi, who is the guitar
man.
You have Puma, who turns into something called Puma AC30, and he's like a big kind of weird
patchwork robot dog.
You have Pico, who's the girl that Yuwan wants, and Kazuo, who's the guy who likes to take
Pico away.
Then you've got all the bad guys, so the main bad guy is Zoe, who is trying to take over
the universe through capturing all the guitaros.
You've got your bad guys, like the one that the music we played last was The Flying O,
which is a giant UFO that makes everyone para-para into death.
This one is the sand bone trio, so there are three skeletons named Carrot, Pine, and Soda
that play their own ribs for the musical instruments, you know, all kinds of different ones.
That ain't weird or anything.
And you have your backup band, who show up randomly in different levels.
So you get Norin, who wears a rabbit suit, Yung, who wears a monkey suit, and Yasuda
Sun, who wears a panda suit.
The soundtrack, the CD came out in 2001, has the majority of the songs in it, and it's
missing most of the background music, though.
But it does have some of the Master Mode versions, it has also the remixes of some of the songs.
As far as other versions, there was one called Guitar Man 1, that was a trial release of
the game, but it also had a demo of the para-para stage, and cinematic scenes that were only
exclusive to that version, and a game where you could play Puma trying to eat donuts falling
from the sky.
Then of course there was Guitar Man Live, or in Japan it was Guitar Man Live, that was
the PSP version.
It had extra goodies, and that came out in Japan on June 8th, 2006, Europe September
26th, 2006, and in North America November 14th, 2006.
So that's the one we actually got after Europe.
See Europe, you get some before us, but we bitch until we get it.
And that's it.
Alright, there it is, your classic game of the week, a true classic for music game fans,
which we all are here at OLR.
I suck at it.
Guitar Man, there you go.
Then you would probably not like Hatsune Miku, which to me plays very similar.
Like obviously they have their differences, but I do feel like it's probably the most
similar thing to Guitar Man that's out there, is Hatsune Miku.
I don't know if you'd care for that.
I love Hatsune Miku though, that game's a lot of fun, I need to get the new one that
just came out.
But anyway, we're gonna take a break.
We got more OLR coming up, including our 2015 predictions, that's right, listless returns
tonight, and you guys will help us come up with a definitive list in our chatroom over
at live.vognetwork.com, but we will do all that and some more news, scraping what little
pieces of news there are together, and your calls, most importantly, in the mailbag, when
we come back with more of Orange Lounge Radio, right after this.
Welcome back everybody to Orange Lounge Radio, live on this Sunday evening, January the 4th
of 2015, with episode number 582 of our show, In Progress, and we've been talking a little
bit about what little gaming news there is this week.
We talked about the Sony PlayStation hack apology thing earlier, and the piracy being
combated in Talos Principle, we talked a little bit about that earlier, talked a little bit
about an update on the VoG jam, they were talking about that in the chatroom during
the break, and Loki actually working on his game during the show, and you said you fixed
the bug.
Yeah I fixed it, I had to copy paste everything from the project that I was working on into
a new project, then it fixed it.
That's so weird that that would do it.
And what was the problem you were having?
You were having some textures?
It seems in between, my maps are a bunch of 3D objects right now, and I may just fuse
them all together later, but right now it's a bunch of 3D objects, and so in between the
seams were showing, and it wasn't doing that before as my screenshot, and they're still
kind of showing, but it's way less noticeable now, it's very, I can deal with that much
showing, that's fine, but before it was just like really horrible from far away.
Good on you though, troubleshooting while we're trying to do a show, that's great, love
it.
Thanks for the break.
We also derailed into movie chat, which by the way, we derailed into talking about Winona
Ryder and how underrated she is, I know right, but this reminded me of a Twitter thing that
had come up earlier, and I was talking on Twitter, and it was Tiger Claw or somebody
had brought it up talking about, it is the year 2015, and a lot of people are talking
about, oh it's the year of Back to the Future 2, and you talk about Slow News Week, you
have a lot of these websites like Buzzfeed and so forth are having to live on the, here's
20 things that Back to the Future 2 got wrong about the year 2015 and all this stuff.
It just started, there's still time.
There's still time for hoverboards and auto-tying shoelaces right, but here's the funny thing
about that, I was like, oh I have a really funny story about that, you know what that
story is?
I've never seen Back to the Future Part 2, yep, that's my funny story, I've never seen
Back to the Future Part 2.
You're not missing anything, it was really awful.
Now here's the weird thing, here's what makes that story weird, I've seen Part 1, and I've
seen Part 3, I've never seen Part 2.
I was like that well into adulthood, I didn't see the second one until I moved out here.
Oh interesting.
Yep.
Yeah no, I never got around to seeing the second one.
I remember we saw the third one, like one of those like rainy day or substitute teacher
type of things.
Like you remember when they would just show you a movie in class, even though you're supposed
to be learning, they show you a movie because clearly something's going on behind the scenes
you're not supposed to know about.
Oh no.
So it's like, just shut them up, we're just gonna show a movie.
We wouldn't get a movie, we would get The Reel to Reel by Seba Gygi.
What is that?
It was, it's a research facility, they used to put out educational films, and so we had
the, they'd bring out the projector and make us watch science stuff.
That, okay, we had something like that in our physics class.
We had that all the way through elementary school and then in middle school.
My physics teacher in high school was a crazy bastard, but I mean that in the best possible
way.
He was, he was so awesome.
He wore a Star Trek uniform to work every single day.
That's what kind of a badass he was.
Okay that's cool.
And during recess he always played music that he would blast on these loudspeakers, it was
like this big orchestral type epic thing, and it was always timed precisely to end right
when the bell would ring.
Like the music would go, doo doo doo, doo doo doo doo, and then the bell, brrrr.
Like he, like you, he made a science out of this.
And the greatest thing about him, like this guy, you know, I'm a, I'm a teacher of sorts
now and I gotta say this guy is an inspiration in certain ways.
I mean even though I just called him a crazy bastard, again I say that with the utmost
respect of this that I take after that a little bit.
But um, oh my god, this guy, he used to deliver jokes in the most deadpan way ever.
Like he was a teacher on Strangers with Candy.
He was like Mr. Noblitt or something like that, I swear to god.
So that guy was amazing.
Going to the chatroom over at live.vognetwork.com, Tigerclaw saying, Sky, you must see Back to
the Future Part II.
PushyPixels saying, Rob, seriously?
You need to see it.
Fifth Dream saying, I saw it in the theater.
Alright, look, I'll try, you know, why don't we do a Dark Soccer and Rob Let's React to
Back to the Future Part II YouTube.
I'll tell you what.
But hey, Michael J. Fox in drag.
I've got the whole trilogy on Blu-ray.
I'll bring it next week, yes.
Nice.
Alright.
I've got it too.
I mean, you know who I married.
Hey, I don't have it.
So some of you need to just bring it over.
That reminds me, I just need to watch Tron again.
But I have all the Star Trek Next Generation movies on Blu-ray thanks to my high school
physics teacher.
Alright.
Not really.
But I did watch a lot of Next Generation in high school.
Anyway, we had a lot, we had to watch a lot of rapid fire news go by before we get to
our 2015 predictions list list tonight.
Let's get into some rapid fire news.
Loki, the Dark Sakura.
I would like to derail this real quick since you just mentioned Star Trek The Next Generation.
Oh sure.
I just thought I would pitch a game idea real quick because I think it's hilarious.
And since I'm not going to be able to work on something like that.
But you know, I know they've had like, you know, red shirts type of game where, you know,
you're basically playing kind of as the crew members that are expendable.
But imagine if you will, kind of combining the Star Trek Next Generation with say, it
wasn't Six Feet Under.
What was that one where she was the Grim Reaper?
Yep.
Whatever that one is.
But basically where the object of the game is you have to kill those people on their
away missions using like the environment or something like that.
Like you are, you know, the Grim Reaper that has to kill the red shirts on their way.
I think it would be an interesting game where you play, well, maybe, and maybe you're saying
this is what's already been done, where you play as the red shirt, but you're having to
deal with like, you don't want to go into these situations, but you have to, and you
have a completely incompetent boss who keeps sending you into these death missions and
death traps.
And maybe at the end of the game, you find like out like some like weird twists.
Like the boss has been out to like purposely kill you the whole time.
Cause there's something, I don't know, involving your family.
Like a game called, I wear a red shirt, Zach Brannigan, anyway, I like those ideas.
Those are good ideas.
Those are good.
All right.
How about some rapid fire news though?
Back to games that actually exist.
Okay.
So there's a rumor that apparently the data for a duck hunt amiibo is on the Smash Brothers
disc.
And I guess there is some video that came out kind of showing, um, that they hacked,
I don't know if they hacked, you know, the near field communication or did something
to where it tricked it, allegedly to believe that there was a amiibo that, you know, doesn't
exist yet.
And apparently a menu came up, um, showing like the duck hunt figures.
I don't know if that's true or not, but, um, I could see them putting out an amiibo and
I could definitely see that the game would support, um, characters that aren't out yet.
I mean, I know they did the same thing with like, was it Disney infinity and stuff supporting
characters that weren't out yet.
Um, but they were planned.
So I can see that I'm pretty sure Nintendo has an amiibo plan for every single character
in Smash Brothers.
I'm pretty sure that's the thing that's going to happen.
So but, um, except maybe Pac-Man because of the licensing issues.
But then again, if they got mega man and Sonic, I don't see why they won't have a Pac-Man
amiibo.
I'm sure they would.
Yeah, they could.
Um, so I don't know, I guess we'll have to wait and see.
I'm sure that, you know, that'll be another one of those intended directs where they announced
more amiibo figures.
Hooray!
Hooray!
Um, this is kind of cool.
There's going to be some idea factory RPGs now coming to PC.
And with this, they're going to have Hyperdimension Neptunia Rebirth 1 and Hyperdimension Neptunia
Rebirth 2, which were both originally out at least over here on the Vita.
And then, um, Fairy Fencer F, which was a PlayStation 3 title that's coming out over
here as well on Steam.
So, um, no exact date when those are going to be available, but they should be coming
soon.
So, um, I'll have to wait and see for those.
And then last but not least, there is a code that's been released for Pokemon Omega Ruby
and Alpha Sapphire, uh, for, uh, Super- was it Superior?
Um, it's, I guess, an unlocked code that was on the last Pokemon Get TV.
And the code, I guess, is redeemable after January 29th and available for use up through
November 30th, 2015.
And I guess the code is just Pokemon 497 and it'll unlock, I guess, a character?
I don't know.
I think Superior or whatever, Superior is the Pokemon.
I think is the deal.
So they're saying-
I don't know.
When even Shane is on this show saying it was, uh, really not a good Pokemon game, that
really makes me go, well, I have concerns, but then again, we had a caller call in and
say, no, he's wrong.
It's the best game of the year.
So I suppose there's, uh, two sides to all that.
So I don't know.
Cool.
I guess.
I'm not a Pokemon fan.
So yeah, that means little to me.
All right.
Uh, DarkStalker.
How about you?
I'm busy cooking.
Those cookies you brought are so good.
Curse you.
No, bless me.
Delicious cookies.
Um, so there is a, um, an extension to my Nintendo.
Now this isn't an extension for the Digital Deluxe promotion, but you can redeem your
vouchers for it through April.
Basically the program's being extended through April 1st.
Um, but the actual ability to purchase it ended at the end of the year.
So that's a correction on that one.
In other news, Mighty Eat Number 9 is almost finished.
And we had a message that came out from, uh, Inohune that said, happy new year, we're
almost done.
So get ready.
And last but not least, um, there's another character in Tekken 7 who is not as controversial
as Lucky Chloe.
Um, his name is, uh, Shaheen.
He is a Saudi Arabian soldier and, um, he actually was created based on feedback, um,
from, uh, the game designer asking, what do you most want to see in the next Tekken game?
And a lot of people said they wanted a Middle Eastern character.
And I have to say, you know, he's got some of the stereotypical stuff on him, but he's,
uh, actually pretty handsome, has a sword, looking pretty hardcore.
I would, you know, honestly, it's not a fighting game unless you have a bunch of people that
fill the tropes of different characters.
I mean, who cares?
It's a fighting game.
Who stereotypes the game?
You know, you're not, we can't talk realism about, you know, a game that has a fighting
bear in it or a game that has, you know, a wooden robot thing that you fight.
I mean, it's just, come on.
If Street Fighter can have a Turkish oil wrestler, then I think having a rather subdued and well-dressed
stylish Saudi man is perfectly fine for Tekken 7.
Absolutely.
I think if you can have a Turkish oil wrestler, then you can have Lucky Chloe.
Why not?
I didn't have a problem with Lucky Chloe.
I don't, I don't know why people, people, people just want to get mad to get mad.
Like sometimes I think that's the purpose of Twitter.
And don't get me wrong.
Like I've had a lot of very positive interactions on Twitter.
I met a lot of great people on Twitter, but sometimes I think like people just have Twitters.
They can complain about something.
And it's like, if there was nothing else going on in the world, it's just, I need to complain
about something on fricking Twitter.
And it's so easy.
I'm on the internet.
Yeah.
I have to say something about this.
I'm on the internet.
Fuck you all.
Oh my God.
Listen to me be wrong.
I don't care.
Just listen.
And it's so easy to tag people.
Like it is so easy to tag like, you know, at Lady Gaga, you're fat.
I hate you.
And it's like, but she can like actually, I don't know.
Why do you think I hardly spend any time on Twitter anymore?
I'd rather be on Tumblr and just repost whole blogs and make fun of them.
So you have my whole issue with Tumblr too.
Lately Tumblr has just been Dragon Age romance, the blog.
Yeah.
All right.
Let's get to the foogle question of the week.
You take Facebook, you take Google Plus, you slam them together, you get foogle.
Every week we ask our listeners that support us on social networks a question every week,
which by the way, you may start to see us using social networking more outside of just
Sunday.
Um, you may have noticed a little experiment where I actually snuck a question in earlier
in the week that I used in the intro of the show.
Um, that might be a direction we start kind of going in more and more throughout the year.
It's just something I'm experimenting with a little bit.
So, uh, don't just follow us on Sunday.
Keep an eye out because you might see more questions throughout the week as there's more
gaming news.
Like I would like to do something every day, but there's really just not been the news
to necessitate it.
But we'll be asking you guys about the big stories more frequently so we can get your
comments on the show more frequently than just the section.
But all that aside, we did ask in our official foogle question of the week this week, tonight
we are making our 2015 predictions.
So what are your 2015 gaming predictions?
Maybe we'll use some of these on this list.
Let's see.
I read the Hayes says 2015 will be a great year with all the upcoming games.
I predict more remakes and revivals, which is great because I missed out on stuff last
gen.
I also want old franchises with great ideas to come back, such as the spiritual revival
of clock tower.
Well, the good news for you is that, uh, that's a pretty safe bet.
There's definitely going to be some more, uh, uh, remakes and revivals.
I just hope final fantasy 12 is one of them.
All right.
Uh, rageinator says, this is a bit of a cop out answer, but I predict that I'll buy a
shit ton of steam games.
Also one of the safest predictions I've ever heard, but that's all right.
I also like how often people use the word shit ton.
As in a shit ton of smiling piles of poopy mote icons.
Uh, Andy R says half life three will release.
Haha.
By the way, uh, Guillermo R says valve will quietly cancel steam machines.
Ooh.
Nintendo will announce a 2d Metroid co-developed by chair entertainment, as well as a Wemo
enabled port of the infinity blade trilogy.
Oh God, I think that's a real wild stab of the dark, but I hope you're fucking right.
I really do.
That would be amazing.
Uh, Sony will stay quiet about the last guardian.
That's a little more safe.
Oculus rift will finally come out and no man's sky will be awesome in it.
And fifth dream on Facebook says virtual reality will finally begin making its way into the
mainstream near the end of the year and beginning of the next soon.
It won't be a joke or thought of as a fad anymore and just become the way a lot of people
game.
As a by-product, there will be a reboot of the lawnmower movies, lawnmower man movie
series in 2017.
Okay.
Maybe not.
I hope so.
No, I'm both of those.
Yeah.
I'm totally fine with the first part of the lawnmower man sequel was God damn terrible
though.
I mean, don't get me wrong.
The lawnmower man, you know, his adventures through the mind's eye videos, um, was fantastic,
but yeah, I could totally see a reboot of that make crazy and creepy.
Uh, I'm, I am so curious to see what happens when things like Oculus rift and uh, you know,
project Morpheus, whatever it ends up actually being called, you know, all these things come
out.
I'm, I'm very curious to see what happens.
All right.
Uh, act deft, uh, over on Google plus says, Loki's game gets finished.
Seriously speaking though.
I expect a major gaming company to go under this year.
Sad, but maybe true.
I'm sure there's at least two, like I, I imagine the sun will come out tomorrow.
I think there's two big Japanese ones we're all looking at, but maybe we'll get into that
in our official predictions here in a minute.
Uh, redertainment says, and the answer is the Witcher three gets delayed again, pushing
back the release to holiday.
Ooh, that would be, uh, that would be pretty, uh, interesting if that happened, uh, price
cut on the Wii U in time for holiday, no price cut on PS4 or Xbox one.
I, I, did they really make good on the threat to up the price of Xbox one $50 again?
Like did the price of Xbox one go back up by 50 bucks?
I think that was, I don't, I don't think that was a smart decision on Microsoft's part,
but anyway, maybe it, maybe it'll just be, I think it did.
I can confirm.
I think if, if they did make that $50 price drop permanent, which I can't believe they
didn't, then Sony would be under a lot of pressure to match it.
Um, but we'll see.
I don't know.
We'll see.
Uh, it's, it's a, it's a fair prediction.
And then, uh, redertainment says the last guardian is teased at E3, no release date
or full trailer, just a short video with ominous music behind it.
Mirrors Edge 2 gets a release date sometime in 2016.
All right.
Um, let's see, uh, there you go.
Those are some of the answers from our Facebook and Google plus communities.
We are really close to our list lists for tonight, but first we have a couple more stories
for you guys.
Loki.
Yeah.
It's still saying that $399.99 are, um, so I don't remember which bundle that was, but
it doesn't look like that they've dropped it down.
Eh, whatever.
Okay.
Uh, so let's see.
So let's talk a little bit about, um, well, the Xbox one actually, ironically enough,
that, um, and this is something that they've been working on for a while, especially after
they decided, hey, you know what, we're not going to make the Kinect as, um, something
that you need to have in the system.
And because of that, um, they were freeing up the extra, um, CPU power that was, I guess,
for that.
So I can't remember how much they were saying, um, they're saying right now they've allowed
developers access to 50 to 80% of the seventh processing core.
And I'm seeing that this should increase the performance of, uh, titles compared to their
PlayStation four counterparts.
Because you may remember there's been quite a disparaging, uh, difference between some
of these, you know, titles on Xbox one, not running as high of a resolution as the ones
on PlayStation four or lower frame rate or something to that effect.
I mean, if that's a big deal for you, then I don't know.
I guess this is cool that they're going to have the extra stuff.
And then also, um, I know at some point they're supposed to be adopting, was it a DirectX
12, was that, I think, I don't know, that's supposed to be pushing, uh, visuals up as
well.
And, um, so let's allow them to do a little bit more with the system and also on PC.
All right.
Well, uh, you know, we were talking a minute ago about the Wii U and the types of things
we might see this year, but, uh, it looks like Mario, a 3d Mario title will not be among
the offerings on the Wii U this year.
Uh, this was confirmed by Nintendo of America's Bill Trennan, who said in an interview and
the interview was, whoa, the interview, sorry, my keyboard tray just broke.
That was scary.
Uh, uh, he said in this interview that the, uh, company does not have a sequel to super
Mario 3d world plan for release this year.
So that's not going to be on the 3ds or the Wii U, uh, but of course there is Mario maker
coming on the Wii, uh, Wii U, excuse me, and Mario party 10, uh, the exact quote, Mario
games release more frequently, but we don't have a new Mario game this year.
So it's not an annual event.
The teams focus on how they can recreate the gameplay experience or introduce new ideas
to those games, which is what they did with NES remix, for example.
So there you go.
And you know, with the Zelda game coming out this year, I think that's where the focus
is.
So I'm not too shocked to hear there's not a mainline Mario game coming out.
However, what I want to know is, does this also rule out Mario galaxy?
Because I would think that that is the series that really needs another game.
And I think that a lot of people want to see on Wii U or is that the 2016 plan?
I don't know, but I would think a Mario galaxy game would be a good one.
I don't think they're going to have another Mario game next year, just because they've
got a Zelda game coming out of the beach.
I think that they would be kind of...
But that would also be a power Christmas.
Yeah, it would be, but then what do you bring for next year?
That's the problem.
It's like, so they got to space it out so that they have one, you know, core franchise
title that, you know, it's a Mario or Zelda title that's really going to bring in, you
know, people interests in the console that may not have the console already.
So I don't think, I mean, cause honestly, like, you know, when they were pitching Pikmin
three or whatever, it's just not a system seller.
Some people like that game, but it's not something like, Oh my God, I got to get a Wii U for
that.
You know, I don't know.
I just think that we'll have to see what else that they have beyond Zelda.
Star Fox is definitely a positive.
So I mean, that'll help.
Yeah.
We're not hearing a lot about that.
I think I would be willing to, I could see Star Fox being delayed to next year, but I
don't know.
We'll see.
I think they're going to have to have some spring titles.
I mean, there's Mario maker and I would hope Star Fox is in there too.
Maybe there'll be a direct or something that gives more information.
Maybe Star Fox is like that summer title, like the June type of release.
At least I hope so.
I hope so.
I think there's a lot of us that are really, uh, you know, we're, we're hoping for Nintendo
and you know, they had a really good year this year and, um, you know, if they can keep
that inertia going in the face of increasing competition from the Sony and Microsoft exclusives
that start dropping next year, cause there's going to be some big ones between, you know,
Halo five is obviously going to be Microsoft's big thing next year.
Uh, Sony's got uncharted four and you know, these other things that they were pitching
at their own conference.
Um, I, I, uh, I, I, I really cheering for Nintendo and I hope they can, uh, hope they
can pull through.
All right.
Well, we're making a lot of bold predictions right now, so let's make some more in a segment
we call listless.
I hope y'all know this game by now cause we just played it two weeks ago to do the
VOG jam theme, but here's the way listless works.
We are going to create a list with our hosts here in studio and joining us tonight for
the 2015 predictions.
You guys really got a kick out of his predictions last year, so he is back joining us a special
tonight.
Say hello to Alan.
Hello.
Hi Alan.
How are you?
I'm good.
How's dragon age going?
Good.
Can you chat?
Hear me okay?
All right.
Um, I'm, I just started the legacy DLC for dragon age two, which for inquisition is very
important.
Oh, okay.
No spoilers.
OMG spoilers.
Okay.
OMG.
Uh, what, anything else of gaming that you want to point out that you've been up to lately?
Diablo three forever.
You broke paragon 120 now, right?
130 and I'm doing torment five, but not very well.
It's a struggle.
It's a struggle.
It's a struggle.
The struggle is real.
Uh, what else?
Any, any used to cohost a podcast and all that fun, so you're not doing anything like
that right now.
No projects for people to follow.
No.
Just your sassy tweets.
Yes.
All right.
That works.
That works.
All right.
Well, Alan's going to be joining us with his predictions tonight.
Um, sadly, Jason was with us last year, but he's on the road driving back today.
Uh, so I'll be curious to see what, uh, cause he, he was the most accurate last year.
So it'll be a hoot and a holler and let the list turns out this year.
So, um, okay.
Anyway, let's get back to the music here while I explain the way listless works.
All right.
So we are going to build a list and the way that we are going to build the list is each
host, uh, and Alan, our, our special cohost tonight, we'll go around and give their top
three answers.
Then the difficult round comes where we each eliminate one answer from the list that will
leave a list of eight that you, the listeners, the live chatters, the live folks can vote
on in our chat room over at live.vognetwork.com.
You must be logged into the site to see it.
If you're not logged in, you will not see a pop up right under the chat, but we're going
to put up the board right now.
What is the official OLR quote 2015 in video gaming prediction?
So we did it last year and it was a lot of fun.
So we're going to do it again right now.
Um, okay, so here we go.
We're going to go around and build this list.
I do want to warn you guys in advance.
If you're expecting some very hardcore, serious, very, very Michael patcher analyst, serious
predictions, you're listening to the wrong show.
Our predictions tend to be a little bit tongue in cheek.
So take with that.
What do you know?
If you firmly put your tongue into your cheek, it looks like you're sucking on something
like what?
A lollipop.
Cookie.
Okay.
Jawbreaker.
Okay.
We're going to start tonight with Loki.
If please, if you have predictions, you think are worthy of the list, put them in the chat
room.
Uh, we also have the predictions that came in VR frugal question of the week earlier.
Uh, usually if a host gets an answer stolen, which happens sometimes two people think the
same thing.
We'll turn to our chat room and so forth to help us fill in, uh, those extra spots.
So, uh, here we go.
And SSJ 100, Matt telling people, if you don't have a vog account, you can register in like
five seconds, then you can vote on the list list.
That's absolutely right.
All right.
We're gonna start with Loki tonight.
What is your number three answer for the official OLR 2015 and video gaming prediction?
Oh, it's unfortunate, but my game won't be out next year or this year.
I mean, yeah, it's 2015.
Rob just wheezed, I just wheezed because I love the, this is basically his, his way of
announcing he's already delayed his game.
No, I haven't.
I'm just like, I'm, I'm being realistic here.
You know, I hope that I'm wrong and I hope I can prove myself wrong, but I just don't
think it's going on his wall.
He has a big banner that says the mentor and it's Gabe Newell and he kisses his fingers
and presses it to his lips and says, no game this year.
I'm doing it for you.
Loki's game gets delayed kissing his Gavin, uh, scroll going, I learned from you pop up.
Don't listen to the, what the rest of them say.
It's our time.
Okay.
We weren't, we were working on this in our time.
Just bring me another say me time.
Bring me another sale.
Big pop me time valve time.
All right.
I will go next with my number three answer.
My number three answer on the list will be, okay, look, this is the thing that nobody
wants to hear, but we had an answer similar to this earlier that some company is going
to go under this next year.
And as much as you guys don't want to hear it, my answer is Konami gets bought.
That's right.
Konami, who we have to thank probably for this show's existence.
I'm going out on the line and saying, Konami gets bought.
Look, I know they have a big casino business and all this other stuff that they're making
money from now, but let's be real, Konami ain't quite in the same shape that it was
before.
So, uh, I'm, I'm going to be so bold as to say, Konami gets bought.
They get bought by Capcom and then they can be mediocre together.
Just I'm just, I'm just, I'm just being a salt snake and street fighter.
I'm down with that.
That's right.
That's right.
Street fighter versus metal gear.
Let's hear it.
Let's hear.
All right.
Konami gets bought.
I'm putting that up on the board.
All right.
Dark Sakura, you're up next.
What is your number three?
The black Wolf in chat says like Capcom can afford.
I would love to see yacht club games by Capcom or, or what's the company making mighty number
nine.
All right.
Anyway, I'm all laughing aside.
Dark Sakura, what is your number three answer?
Mind controlled game as in, well, they've got the technology now to where they can use
nerve, uh, your nerves to control like, you know, external lens and prosthetics and everything.
And they're working on, um, you know, wiring the brain where, you know, they're, they can
give vision to people who are blind.
It just seems to me that it's probably not going to happen, but I think sometime in the
future, we're going to have that technology to where someone can use their nerve impulses
or something to control a figure in a game.
So maybe we'll say, um, could we go so far as to say consumer mind control game?
Possibly.
Okay.
I'm going to just put that on there because I think some might argue that that game already
exists in these very, like kind of what you were saying there.
So I think if we say consumer mind control game, then we can definitely say this doesn't
exist yet, but may later.
May later.
All right.
Uh, let's see.
Going to our list here.
So far, we got Loki's game gets delayed.
Konami gets bought and consumer mind controlled game.
Thank you.
Chat rooms.
Comcept.
That's what I was thinking of.
Comcept.
Comcept will buy them both.
They'll overtake the earth.
Alan alchemy.
We are to you now.
Last year, your number three answer was a bit of a shocker.
So I'm, I'm very curious what you have in store for us this year.
I have one grim, serious one.
Okay.
I have backups now that it's going to come later.
I do have backups.
Most of them are too safe.
So that's kind of the mood I'm in.
All right.
Um, let's see.
Yet another three D S Q and enhancement of the two DS and enhancement or a smaller version
of the one that came out that has the removable face plates.
They're going to redo that before the year is up and may not be out, but it'll be announced.
I think they should make a transformer three DS.
That's both a three DS and a two DS.
There you go.
And the new three DS doesn't count.
I was going to say, isn't the new three DS already?
No, it doesn't count.
It's out in Japan.
So I'm including that one with the second thumb stick and the, and the customized little.
So if they release that in the U S it doesn't count because it's all right, but they need
to announce in Japan.
Another one, yet another something else.
Yet another three DS skew, no four DS predictions.
It will bend time.
All right.
It has three screens.
You guys has three.
All right.
So our list so far, Loki's game gets delayed.
Konami gets bought consumer mind controlled game and yet another three DS skew.
All right.
Let's go to the number two answers.
Loki, what are you gonna put on the list?
This is so not going to happen next year, but I'm just going to throw it out there anyways
because I would, you know, was ill prepared and didn't prepare beforehand.
But I'm just going to make a bold announcement that, uh, Microsoft is going to announce,
Hey, you know what?
Now is the time for Minecraft two electric boogaloo.
I almost put that on my list.
Uh, Microsoft says they go all in and they say Minecraft two.
Yeah.
E three.
I think, I think it's even so bold as to announce it at E3 Minecraft two and they bring out
some hoity-toity developer who's working on it, who took over for the guy who just bought
Beyonce's mission.
They have Lars Von Trier is the artistic director for Minecraft two.
It's really badly lit and nobody's wearing makeup and the blocks of despair won't stop
crying
Wow.
Lars Von Trier is Minecraft two.
I love it.
All right.
Uh, there it is.
It's on the list.
Let's go to the next answer.
See, the sad thing is half our chatters probably don't even understand how funny that really
is when he just did.
All right.
Anyway, but for the half to do that to do all right.
My number two answer, you know what this we've seen in the past year that third party support
has really been hurting the Wii U.
And so what I'm going to say is going to happen in 2015 EA is going to buckle under the pressure
of the society and the tweets and all that stuff EA is going to release a Wii U game
and it tanks EA releases a Wii U game finally and it tanks, but not counting all the stuff
they've already released.
I realized they had like four in the window, but let's be real.
So by definition, they would be releasing a third party game on the Wii U, so that would
tank anyways by default.
Oh, stop.
I know that their Wii U version of mass effect three is the definitive one.
It's the best one out there.
I own it.
I own it.
All right.
Uh, it's just the comic.
The pro they should have just put out the goddamn trilogy and the no DLC and then a
multiplayer.
They had just put out the goddamn trilogy on Wii U.
It would have been fine because then it would have been the same price.
It wasn't anyway, nerd rage, dark soccer.
What's your number two answer.
We have an entire year full of, uh, dragon age inquisition DLC that includes something
that was much like Citadel for mass effect.
I personally am looking forward to the egg hunt DLC and I'm not going to spoil anything
from that.
All right.
A year full of dragon age inquisition DLC.
Talk about a safe answer.
BioWare DLC.
Get out, get out.
All right.
The thing is that they had said that they weren't going to be able to do DLC for frostbite
or something.
I think they're going to figure it out.
Oh, it's a miracle.
They already said, oh, it can't be modded.
Yeah, I can.
People are already doing it.
It's a miracle.
Okay.
I see where your answer comes from because they've gone on record saying they're not
going to do it.
Then they're going to come back and say JK.
And what's the first character mod that came out?
A softer Cassandra with makeup and without her scar because dude, bros are gross.
Do we have nudie mods yet?
No.
Someone's trying to do one for solace to make him look like his original concept where he
had the black dreads.
Actually, there is, um, if, if a NPC that you can romance has a tasteful sex scene where
it shows them like you get to see Dorian's butt, sorry for spoilers.
People have found a way to take that skin and force it over his clothes in the real
game.
And there's also the fly cam is available now.
I mean, the, which basically you can see the dudes have no junk.
That's it.
All right.
Well, uh, Alan, it's time for your number two choice.
What is your number two 2015 gaming prediction?
Punishing abject silence from valve on anything except financials.
No controller, no DLC for Dota two, nothing.
No steam machines.
You're going to go with the guy who says the steam machines don't happen, but they could
have updates on a team fortress too.
Well, yeah, I mean, but as far as like a, like an, uh, an announcement as to like no
fucking three that's or, or, well, yeah, but also no left for dead three, no source to
no can no new controller yet another year of Jack and shit from, from valve aside from
our steam store made a lot of money.
That's it.
That's all we're getting.
All right.
Fair enough.
Fair enough.
All right.
Let's get now to the number one answers, hopefully going to be a little more, a little more out
of the safe zone.
We'll see.
We'll see.
All right.
Loki, one more item for the board.
What is it going to be for you?
Since we've already heard the rumors.
I'm just going to go with it anyways, that there will be a new console that will enter
the market to compete with the other consoles.
From a new company?
From another company.
Yes.
So, but you're not talking something like Ouya, you're talking something like big from
like Samsung or somebody enters in a big way with a console on the level of PlayStation
four, Xbox one.
All right.
Fair enough.
That's a bold prediction.
Sure is.
I mean, that, that may be their intention.
Will it go the way you do you ever maybe, but there will be someone that will at least
make the attempt.
All right.
My number one answer is going to be, uh, you know, and some of you may say that's never
going to happen and that might be true.
So maybe this one is just wishful thinking a little bit, but not my number one answer
is one of those DDOS brats gets the death penalty.
That's my number one answer.
That's a little much.
I'm not saying, I didn't say it was because of the DDOS thing.
I just said, they're going to get the death penalty.
We're setting an example of this guy.
So there it is set an example.
So there it is.
One of the DDOS brats gets the death penalty.
That's my number one.
We already have a precedent of a hacker getting, um, more punishment than the crimes that they
exposed in the hack.
And to, and to, and to elaborate also, and when I said, yes, it will not be just another
Android console.
It will be a console console, not an Android console.
All right.
Fair enough.
And again, I'm not saying they got the death penalty because of the DDOS.
It's just, you know, how long until someone dies over the shit is all I'm saying.
How long, how long?
Bonds 006 says, wow, Rob, a bit harsh there.
Nope.
Nope.
How dare you take away my PlayStation during Christmas.
But maybe, maybe they just happened to murder somebody too.
I mean, they already have a record of crime.
Now I just picture you as a Mrs. White.
I hated them so much.
Flames on the side of my face.
Yes, because you know, it's, it's such a slippery slope, you know, uh, executing code to, you
know, use a system, you know, a, a bunch of, um, you know, computers to flood a site and
murder.
Yeah.
It's pretty similar, pushy pixels and chat saying, remind me not to pirate anything around
to Rob.
And fifth dream says we get to punch you once for every request you sent the server.
I love that idea.
Punch them in the Dick one time for every request that they sent to the server.
You know what?
They could be, they could be genetically female, uh, then punched them in the hoo-ha once every
time.
Ha, we didn't send a request to the server.
Other computers did.
So ha, no Dick punches for me, genital punching, genital punching for everybody.
That was the name of my band in high school.
I don't really like this new punch out game from Nintendo.
We you presents little Mac gentle to punch.
All right.
Uh, dark Sakura, your number one answer.
Mass Effect four will be surprisingly good and still piss people off because it won't
be out next year.
Hold on.
I'm writing that down.
Mass Effect four is good.
It will still piss people off.
Yes.
What a Jamie list we have here with dragon age and Mass Effect mind control and mind
control.
At least bizarre tech.
All right.
There it is.
It's added there to the list.
Alan alchemy, your number one answer.
The very last entry on the list.
I want an opportunity once the chat has voted at the end of the show to read off quickly
mice throw away ones.
Sure.
Got some good stuff here.
Sure.
Should I do the grim serious one?
Absolutely.
All right.
This year there will be, uh, within the industry lit litigation from a woman or women about
a social issue.
Oh no.
What?
Like an IGN reporter was like, Oh yeah, these dudes at such and such company said that if
I gave them their phone number, they'd let me preview a game like actual, like it's going
to come out and there will be damages over rewarded.
Sorry.
It's depressing how likely that is.
If you don't want to, if you don't want to put it, I'll, I'll put it on the line.
I'm fine with it.
It's yeah, it's, uh, it's, it's as, as sick as the answer you put up last year.
So actual journalism scandal over, uh, yeah.
Over sex for secrets.
Or it could be, um, like a racial thing or like gay thing, but just something.
Or could I just say an actual ethics and journalism debate?
Well, yeah, but my, my thing that makes it, my point is that it's at actual goes to litigation.
Like there's an act where it's civic court, like someone is sued by a person or groups
of people over an issue like this.
Okay.
So I'm going to say on the board, actual journey journalism scandal to litigation over sex
for secrets.
Yes.
All right.
There it is.
It's up on the board.
We can always rely on Alan to give us something depressing and humbling, uh, to ruin our new
year.
There it is.
Thank you, Alan.
Uh, here it is the list.
Let's go through the answers that are on the list.
And then we get to the eliminations.
Loki's game gets delayed.
Konami gets bought consumer mind controlled game.
Yet another 3DS skew.
Microsoft announces Minecraft to EA releases a Wii U game and a tanks a year full of dragon
age inquisition DLC, punishing silence from valve on anything but financials new console
that enters the market.
One of these DDoS brats gets the death penalty.
Mass Effect four is good.
It will still piss people off and actual journalism scandal to litigation over sex
for secrets.
All right, here's the round that nobody likes, but it must be done as part of scientifically
the process.
Loki, since you were first, I'm starting with you tonight, which of these is not worthy
of the list?
I cannot be getting bought.
They're not going to get bought.
And because they have Metal Gear Solid five coming out and then they've also got silent
Hills that probably will be out later this year.
I'm pretty confident that they'll be fine.
You and your fucking realism.
All right.
It is stricken from the list.
Konami gets bought is stricken from the list of Capcom getting a lot of, a lot of chat
room people, not a fan of that answer.
So I think a lot of people very happy you eliminated that from the list.
All right.
Uh, I'm up next.
Uh, which of these is not worthy of the list?
I am going to say, um, I, uh, sorry.
Uh, no, no, I'm so close to taking one of yours off Jamie, but I'm actually going to
go ahead and eliminate one of Loki's a revenge vote.
I'm going to eliminate Loki's game gets delayed because he's not allowed to delay it.
There it is.
Now it's gone.
It is stricken from the list.
Well, now you can't, it's gone stricken from the list.
Dark soccer gets by unscathed that I almost went for one of her answers, but I decided
on that one.
All right.
My answers are great.
All right.
Dark soccer.
Which of these is not worthy of the list?
Um, don't, don't hurt yourself.
I make a career out of hurting myself over here.
Um, get a workman's comp issue away.
I'm going to say the EU releasing the game that tanks because people buy EU shit anyway.
EA releasing a Wii U game that tanks.
You are eliminating that from the list.
Yeah.
And sorry.
I mean, that was the only one that really just, and there goes my list.
They've done good.
They've done games that haven't tanked.
All right.
All right.
Well, I still think that was accurate, but whatever.
This just means y'all just gave immunity to one of these DDoS brats gets the death penalty
is now immune.
I had a plan.
I had a plan.
So Alan may not remove that answer because no host may have their list completely eliminated.
So Alan, that one aside, which of these is not worthy of the list?
Hmm, I'm sorry.
I'm reading, I'm reading out off the screen.
I'm trying to pick between two.
Uh, I am going to eliminate the mass effect for one just cause I don't think we're getting
it this year.
And of course people will have a problem with the content Bioware can't win for losing.
So all right.
So yeah, I got to admit that was 2016.
I would say so because I think that's when we're really going to have assets to look
at for Mass Effect.
All right.
Well, sorry, Jamie.
Sorry, Jamie.
But it's okay.
Hey, at least you still have two answers on the board.
I get one.
But yours is, but your answer is honestly beautiful.
It's a precious angel.
It's a sweet snowflake.
Well now don't influence the vote, Jamie.
Don't influence the vote.
All right.
Here it is.
Your list that is left to vote on.
I was just petting your ego.
And well, thank you.
I appreciate that.
That's always nice to have.
Uh, here it is.
The list of the answers you may vote on Microsoft announces Minecraft two new console enters
the market.
One of these DDoS brats gets the death penalty.
Remember mind controlled game a year full of dragon age inquisition DLC yet another
three DS skew punishing silence from valve on anything but financials and actual journalism
scandal to litigation over sex for secrets.
How did that one get by?
Look at that.
Alan's list because we expect it.
The controversial always Alan alchemy is list escapes completely unscathed to look at that.
So there it is.
It is your turn to answer.
You're going to click on your number one and then click on your number two.
Those votes are weighted.
So think carefully before clicking, you click on your number one and you click on your number
two answer and then you're going to click answer at the bottom of the screen and that
will submit the votes for the official tabulation and we will tabulate those votes and get the
answer for the official OLR 2015 video gaming prediction after a little bit here on OLR.
Um, Alan, I'm sure you're probably stepping out at this point to go play more games.
Oh, you wanted to read some of your rejects.
Should I do that now or should I do it after the voting?
Why not?
Hold on one sec.
It's too late.
The list, the top three is coming from these eight, so it's too late now.
Okay.
The only bummer is if one of these, uh, ends up, uh, uh, being better, but we'll see elder
scrolls online and wild star together become free to play a little bit too.
That was on my list.
Okay.
That was my extra answer is that elder scrolls online doesn't make its console release.
It just similar gets just evaporated.
Elder scrolls online just evaporates.
Yeah.
And then Loki covered this one, but I was going to say Microsoft, Microsoft announces
officially what they're doing with Minecraft and once everyone sees it, no one will care
that they bought it.
They'll love it.
They'll immediately fickle game.
We'd be like, yes, I want it.
It's so good.
They won't care where it comes from because that's what happens.
Okay.
But yeah, that's a very positive answer compared to your negativity.
And then you'll like this one is just for you.
Some shade, um, polygon at some point over the year posts an editorial masked as news
that is as dire and catastrophic as it is pretentious.
But see, that's too safe.
Yeah.
Obviously will happen.
That's that.
That's going to happen every week.
That's, that's, that's a given.
So there you go.
That's a little, little, little more, uh, rainbows and unicorns.
Those are my spares.
AKA throwaways.
That's good.
That's a good list.
Thank you.
You're always a good time.
You're Lars Von Trier Minecraft though.
That was better than anything.
That's my favorite.
The creepers are a metaphor for incest.
Soundtrack by Bjork.
And she's just crying.
Bjork crying.
Isn't that already a Bjork album?
No, it's like Bjork's beatboxing album is Minecraft.
You know, it is morning and everything is precious.
Minecraft two.
Bye.
Bye.
Thank you for blessing the show with your presence.
I appreciate it.
All right.
And not just because it's our five year anniversary.
All right.
Now you too.
All right.
Let's get to the mailbag every week.
You guys send us emails.
Now it's your chance to take over the show for a little bit.
Participate at orangelaungeradio.com.
If you want to participate with our mailbag segment, again, that's participate at orangelaungeradio.com
where you can send your emails and dark soccer will dive into the mailbag head.
First and find the email finds the emails that she believes are worthy of reading on
the show tonight.
Dark soccer.
What is in the mailbag?
First one comes from Robert M. I can't really give a proper top three since most of my leisure
time lately seems to be watching let's play videos and trying to sleep.
But here's what comes to my, this sounds like my husband.
Best 2003 13 steam purchase rogue legacy 2013.
Okay.
Yeah.
I'm glad I finally tricked this one out even though I still haven't made it much further
than the first boss.
It runs great for me except some more visually demanding traits like nearsighted or nostalgic
on my 2009 Mac book.
Gaming on a Mac.
Y'all shut up.
Smartest early access zombie survival strategy unturned.
In a store crammed with such titles, the Canadian roadblocks originated unturned with its simplistic
look, making it stand out and run on more systems than the more realistic looking games
only asked an entirely optional $5 for bonus content as opposed to the usual 20 to 40.
Its current build still doesn't always run great on my laptop though.
And then what am I doing with my life?
Smash champs for mobile.
This game is explicitly a rip off or a take on of, um, a competitive fruit ninja where
you go training, uh, where you, what, Oh, nevermind.
I was misreading it with you training, fighting animal characters, but I can't seem to stop
clicking in to take my turns.
It has this charm, but it's, uh, but it's not certainly one I would put on a proper
game of the year list.
Certainly not next to threes and uh, monument valley and that's from Robert M. All right.
Those are, that was a kind of a creative way of doing a top three.
Appreciate that.
Yep.
All right.
Um, next up.
Yep.
Hello, well, our it's cool that balloon fight came up as a classic game of the week, but
other than tons of virtual console and related releases, it seems you guys believe nothing
else has been done with the franchise.
I guess none of you played a wonderful Nintendo land on Wii U because if you had, you'd certainly
have remembered balloon trip breeze.
I did not play.
I forgot.
Like a lot of Nintendo land side.
I, I forgot.
Sorry.
I don't have a Wii U.
It wasn't as strong of a launch title as Wii sports, just saying.
That's right.
Now that he's saying that.
Oh yeah, duh.
That was a, that was a thing in Nintendo land.
It's a high good observation.
It's a high definition re-imagining of the classic one player endurance test featuring
23 stages of challenging game play and charming visuals.
There are items to collect and it means to battle and of course balloons to pop.
It's really great.
And one of the many reasons that anyone with Wii U should track down a cheap used copy
of Nintendo land, but not worth it finding a new un-purchased copy, right?
No.
Um, also because I didn't get in the top games of the year thing, I wanted to mention two
indie games that are my top three of 2014 but slipped under the radar for most people.
Bike Rider DX2 Galaxy on Nintendo 3DS is a sequel to 2013's most popular Japanese e-shop
download.
It's a very simple game where you move forward automatically, press A to jump and try to
reach the goal.
There are also pickups that allow you to float, fly, glide, drill through rocks, and more.
So it's Rainbow Unicorn Attack, or Robot Unicorn Attack.
Any game developer should take note that it's basically a clinic on both level design and
how to introduce new gameplay features throughout a game's levels, of which it has many.
It costs a whopping $2.99 and if anyone listening to this downloads it and winds up hating it,
I will pay them back.
Really?
It's the best value on the e-shop and one of the 3DS's best games.
And then TXK is Jeff Minter's latest game.
If you don't know what it is, I will say that it's a perfectly tuned version of Tempest
2000 from the creator of Space Giraffe.
If you don't know what either of those are, I'll just say that if you like arcade style
shooting, hard and fast electronic music, and pretty visuals, then grab a Vita, drop
ten bucks on this game and turn off the lights, plug in some good headphones, and feed your
head to a hundred levels of bliss.
I hadn't realized that it came out until it was released as a PS Plus download in October,
and then quickly bought it before it became free.
It was worth every cent, plus way more, and now is the best gaming experience I've had
in 2014.
If you don't own a Vita, but do own or will own a PS4, it's coming next year.
A VoG Jam Jam Reggae YYR.
I like that.
VoG Jam Jam Reggae.
Yay!
Good, some good picks!
I like that.
Okay.
And this one here is from Andy R. Let me move a bit.
Just chiming in with my picks for favorite games last year.
Three, Altilier, Escha, and Loggy.
I'm a huge fan of the series in general, but this entry especially grabbed me.
The combat has always been refined from the previous entries.
And the alchemy system, one of the big draws of the series, is especially engaging thanks
to a focus on using skills and abilities during the alchemy rather than the ingredient focus
system of some of the past games.
Two, Tales of Hearts R. Just a wonderful game, the combat is fast and fun, with a system
that lets you ping pong enemies all over the battlefield if you're good.
I also really enjoyed the characters.
I was happy that the game actually went full bore on the romance, something a lot of JRPGs
seem to leave in the implied area.
One, Guilty Gear XRD.
Only just came out in December, but I love it already.
And I've been a fan of this series for a while, but Absence really made the heart grow fonder.
It's been forever since we had a proper sequel, pretty much since the PS2, as the only PS3
release, was a port with a few balance changes.
And this game kicks the franchise back into gear, haha, in a major way.
For the last few games, if I'm not playing this game, I'm probably thinking about this
game.
For the last few weeks, sorry.
Also one disappointment, Super Smash Brothers on the 3DS.
Not the Wii U, that version is fine.
I really don't feel the 3DS version, it feels incredibly subpar compared to the Wii U version,
to the point where I almost sold it back to buy it on the Wii U.
It just feels like there's much less single player content, the main mode Smash Run is
just crap in my opinion.
And I've yet to play the 3DS version online with 4 people, and have the match not lag
a ton.
Like everyone is moving at half speed lag.
As I've said, Wii U version is good, although obviously not one of my top 3, just the 3DS
version feels like a waste of 40 bucks.
Thanks and have a happy new year, Andy R.
I get the sense that Andy R kinda likes JRPGs a little bit.
No.
No.
You don't say.
No, thanks for the email though.
Appreciate it.
Heyyyyy.
Sorry, no one saw the hand move, open.
Um, hola.
This is your friendly neighborhood Mexican act-deafed.
Hola.
Hi.
I wanted to participate in last week's show, but it has some stuff to do, but I wanted
to weigh in with my picks for best games of 2014.
I will try to make this short, but sorry if gush for some of them.
I will, however, not rank them in top 3, but rather best games based in my experience with
them.
Sleeper Hit of the Year, Lethal League.
This game combines a simple game like Pong at Smash Brothers Mechanics and Jet Set Radio's
style and gives us a really fun game.
I think it's only on Steam right now, got it during the sale, but hopefully it does
get a console release since this game deserves everyone's attention.
The Does of the Year, or my obvious picks, Smash Brothers 3DS slash Wii U, Mario Kart
8, Bayonetta 1 and 2, all Wii U I know, but in consideration of what the other consoles
had to offer, Nintendo offered all I wanted.
Surprises of the Year.
First, Captain Toad Treasure Tracker.
I love the Captain Toad levels in Super Mario 3D World, but I was worried that the Treasure
Tracker wasn't going to be that great.
I was surprised that they gave lots of life of a somewhat simple concept.
It's really awesome.
Second, Hearthstone.
Granted, I don't play a lot, but that game is really well done and quite entertaining.
I seriously cannot wait for the Android version.
And finally, my game of 2014 is Shovel Knight.
That game is freaking amazing!
Those are all in caps.
Those are all in caps.
It is a great game.
It's near perfection.
Many complain about not being fresh and the game being short, but that's what makes it
good for me.
It's everything great from the NES era and put into a single game.
That game offers replayability by giving us achievements, new games plus, and tons
of cheats.
I own the game on Wii U, 3DS, and Steam, and I'll purchase the Playstation version when
it comes out.
This is my Mass Effect slash Grand Theft Auto, but it's definitely worth the money I'm throwing
to Yacht Club games, and the hype is definitely there.
And the music.
By God, the music.
It was really good.
Well, that's it for me.
There were a lot of good games in 2014.
Hopefully 2015 can live up to the hype with Amplitude Mighty No. 9, Overwatch, Splatoon,
and Zelda, and all the other games that may come and may even not know about.
Until next time, Deft is Ka-Brown.
Great email.
Good list.
Yes.
And the last.
The last.
The last.
The final.
Hey, OLR crew, and Happy New Year to all.
By the way, this comes from AZHP, by the way.
AZHP here, done with, sorry, with a yearly reminder for all the OLR me to check out Awesome
Games Done Quick, which we mentioned during last segment, the last part.
It started this morning and runs until Saturday.
Speed gamers from all over the globe have gathered in Washington, D.C. to raise money
for the Prevent Cancer Foundation, which you should always, always look for anything other
than the Susan G. Komen Foundation for your cancer donations, because Komen is evil.
Okay, right.
Moving on.
Last year, they raised over $1 million throughout the week.
They already topped $100,000 today, and not counting donations, but that counts from going
through the different store things, so not the individual contributions.
It's been less than 12 hours and they've already raised $125,000.
It's pretty crazy, but let's try and break last year's record and make this the most
successful charity marathon yet and prove that gamers can do good sometimes.
Yours truly, AZHP.
P.S.
The Legend of Zelda Ocarina of Time run record was broken earlier this week by Joden Stone,
who beat Cosmo's record of 18.10 by 3 seconds to bring it to an exceptionally low 18.07.
People are estimating that an absolutely perfect run could reach 17.59, so it's ridiculously
optimized.
And this guy got into speed running only two years after watching AGQD 2013, so it's never
too late to get into the game.
Who knows?
You could be a world record holder someday, too.
That's right.
The record, the Banjo one that they did today, only missed the record by four seconds.
Oh, wow.
Yeah.
It was a really, really solid run.
That's awesome.
And it's funny, AZHP took my last story, because I was going to tell you guys about this.
It was on my list of things to tell you about tonight anyway.
They pick a really good time of year to do it because they can get a lot of coverage
because there's not a lot of other gaming news going on this year, so this is a great
thing to be reporting on.
So I guess the only other thing I would add to this that AZHP didn't already say in his
email is that there is a Humble Bundle to go along with this, and it had come up a little
earlier in the show.
So another way, and they're sending all their money that they make on this Humble Bundle,
you know, with the tips and all that.
You can just choose to have all your money go to that same Prevent Cancer Foundation,
which is really cool.
You can choose how the money is split.
Just to throw out there, the stuff that you get for free, Duke Nukem 3D Megaton Edition,
Shadow Warrior Classic Redo, Oddworld Abe's Odyssey, Volgar the Viking, and then for $6,
there's a Twitch Turbo subscription, Shantae Risky Revenge Director's Cut, Speedrunner's
Early Access, how appropriate for this, and Speedrunner's YouTuber packs.
And then lastly, $10 or more will get you a scapegoat 2 and an XSplit premium 3-month
subscription.
You can also, if you're willing to toss in $30, there's like t-shirts, buttons, stickers,
a lot of extra stuff with that as well, so lots and lots and lots of good stuff there
that you can also help contribute to the same charity.
Even though I don't think this money counts towards what they're tabulating on their Twitch
channel, I'm not sure if it's all together, but certainly still counts.
They're doing great stuff with that charity, so props to them.
And fuck cancer, I think very important to say.
Fuck cancer.
All right.
This is your last call to vote in tonight's List List.
Get your points by voting in tonight's List List now.
This is your last chance, last call for List List votes, live.vognetwork.com.
You only have about a minute and a half left because it, well, maybe five minutes, depending
on how this segment goes tonight.
It is time for the FUs of the Week.
This is fucked up.
I had something I was really angry about earlier today, but I don't remember what it is.
So FU two days off not having an extra four hours each day, and my days on being short
four hours.
They should just move those around.
Come on, doctor, change time and space for me.
That's a fair request.
Loki, your FU of the Week.
I guess FV did.
Children that don't sleep because our son was up for like three hours last night.
So that's fun.
And also my new schedule is kind of weird.
I have to go in an hour and 45 minutes or hour and 15 minutes later in the morning.
So I don't know how that's going to work.
I just know there's going to be more traffic both to and from work.
So that's kind of lame.
Yeah.
Tomorrow's going to be a crappy.
And my lunch is 15 minutes shorter.
So it's like, yeah, everybody goes back to work tomorrow.
So it's going to be a really crappy commute.
So good luck, everybody.
That's why I'm going to leave early.
There you go.
That's why I'm glad Monday's my day off.
Lucky you.
And I live eight minutes from work.
Right.
Well, the FU for me is that FU to having to go back to work tomorrow and it's just been
very exhausting lately, but at least have Seattle look forward to in a couple of weeks.
I've got to make the money somehow.
So FU to deadlines that sneak up on you out of nowhere.
That's my other.
I do have another one.
All right, fine.
Is everyone having the plague for my new year's party, Rob?
Hey, look, blame the Chinese food I ate on not only Sunday, but Tuesday.
It didn't make me sick and Dan finished mine off.
I think it was it was just that my stomach was already kind of because I ate a lot of
that.
But then I made eight Panda Express on Tuesday and that I see you've had overload.
The end.
Yeah.
Over by the way.
Fifth dream.
I got your fun link and I'm going to watch it when I get home.
It's fake Bjork.
Oh God.
All right.
So it is time, everybody, to get the definitive list that you guys have all voted on tonight.
That's right.
We have tabulated the votes.
And yes, I actually have the votes tonight.
We have tabulated your votes and we have your answers for the definitive list.
Here it is.
The official O.L.R. 2015 predictions.
Number three, Microsoft announces Minecraft two.
Microsoft announces Minecraft two is the number three winner.
And for number two tonight, we have a tie O.M.G.
It's a tie for the number two answer.
Number two answer is yet another 3DS skew and punishing silence from Valve on anything
but financials is the number two.
Yay.
Alan for tying twice.
There you go, Alan.
Alan tied with himself.
Tied himself.
There it is.
And the number one answer, and might I say a bit by a landslide, the number one answer
tonight for your top 2015 prediction.
One of those DDoS brats gets the death penalty is the official O.L.R.
Wishful thinking.
See, aren't you glad I left that one alone?
I think it's a little bit of wishful thinking on everybody's part there.
It's just taking that off because no one would have voted for Konami being sold, so damn.
You need to strategize a little better next time.
So there it is.
The death penalty coming to one of those DDoS brats in 2014.
Ah, love it, love it, love it.
All right.
Thank you guys for participating with that.
That was a lot of fun.
And just like we did this year, assuming this show is still going next year, I don't see
why it wouldn't be.
We will revisit these predictions and see how far we've come.
All right.
There it is.
Nobody going for the dark answer.
Like Alan Alkley brought up kind of a darker answer and interesting.
And people not doing...
I would have thought the Dragon Age Inquisition is a very safe bet, but nobody opting...
Well, it was on the board, but it was a little low.
So yeah.
There you go.
All right.
I just think no one cares anymore.
At least no one cares to follow the whole, you know, gate problems.
The ethics stuff.
Let's just leave all that fuckery in 2014.
Occasionally I'll go into, was it the subreddit that was a Kotaku in action that follows that
kind of stuff.
Fuck, I'm sorry.
Well, no, no.
That's what they just call it.
It's, you know...
No, no.
I know, but I'm still saying I'm sorry.
And it's just, it's just ridiculous stuff.
And it's, you know, like with Polygon and everything, I just, I don't read that site
anymore and they've just kind of gone in a different direction that I don't care to follow.
It's too much drama in, in game reporting, I guess.
In general, across the board, can we just leave being mean to each other in 2014?
Can we just leave that in 2014?
Like, I don't care.
Can we just leave the being mean to each other in 2014, please?
Please?
Thank you.
That should have been one of my answers.
People stop being fucking mean, but, oh yeah, it's the internet.
Oh, Rob, you're such a hippie.
Nobody's ever going to get along on the internet.
Can we...
I know, I'm saying, Black Wolf says 2015, I'm saying, can we leave the meanness in 2014?
Can we leave it behind and have 2015 be a year where people are like, oh, I don't know
civil and can have like actual debate without making it so fucking personal?
God.
All right.
Anyway, there it is.
Moving on.
Black Wolf says, no, leave it in 2015 and civility can be in 2016.
You are part of the problem, sir.
All right.
Just kidding.
Awesome Games Done Quick was going to be my last story, but seeing as we had an emailer
already report on that, I will just plug it again.
Check that out, you know, after this show is done, because you can always watch their
entire archive at any point.
Let's get into your calls at 1-877-GAME-OLR or our username on Skype, Orange Lounge Radio.
Please give us a call.
You can talk about your predictions if you want, maybe something in the news that we
missed tonight.
Anything you want to talk about, the time is now to give us a call.
1-877-GAME-OLR or our username on Skype, Orange Lounge Radio, all one word.
Let me check in anyway.
Loki, any last minute stories tonight or even Dark Sakura?
No.
I like pie.
I had a feeling pie is tonight's last minute story.
There it is.
While we wait and see if our Skype line lights up here, let me go to our Twitter at twitter.com
slash OLR.
I don't think we got a lot of like questions or discussion topics tonight, but we did get
like act deaf tweeted us, listening to at OLR and heard this was the classic game of
the week, taking a picture of his guitar room man there, which I retweeted and some people
fans of that as well.
Kamui, I'm totally going to mispronounce this name.
I'm so sorry.
Kamui Arikado says, awesome game.
Yes, I agree.
Awesome game.
Soutor says, I love this game on my PSP.
Awesome soundtrack for metal heads.
Soutor also saying, I totes agree.
I love that word.
Totes agree.
Good way to abbreviate totally on Twitter too.
Totes agree on Manly Tears and Edward Scissorhands.
Thank you.
Thank you.
It's a movie with sad parts.
It's a fairy tale for everybody.
All right.
I just realized that CES is coming up really soon.
It is.
It's like, I already have people that have left for Vegas to go.
I think it is like this coming week.
Is it next week?
I think it's next week.
Yeah, it's coming up real soon.
It's always right in the beginning of the year.
I would love to go.
It's just, I have a lot of trips coming up this year.
I guess I could have taken Alan to CES for an anniversary trip.
I'm like, oh, by the way, we're going to go to this convention that I'm going to write
about for VOC, but I guess vacation means vacation.
We're going to relax for a few days in Seattle and go to all the tourist traps.
Yay.
But we do have a call coming in, so let's get to it.
Hi, you're on Orange Launch Radio.
Who's this?
Hi, Aaron.
Hey, this is Regineer.
There you are.
Hey, buddy.
What's up?
Not much.
I'll have to make this call short and sweet.
That's fine.
I'm a little bit under the weather.
I've stopped packing my air for a minute.
Feel better.
Well, isn't it like below 30 out there?
It's like some ungodly degrees out there in the Northeast right now, isn't it?
I don't know.
I haven't been outside all day.
I've been mostly sleeping all day.
But anyway, both you and Bobby were mentioning both in chat and on the show that Capcom and
Konami really haven't been doing all that well financially speaking.
That being said, do you think it would behoove them to release some of the classic games?
No.
Not so much on consoles because they've been doing that all along, especially on Xbox Live
and PC, but at least on the PC space.
In all seriousness, we pick on Konami and Capcom a little bit because they're easy targets.
We all miss Mega Man and are a little irritated that Mega Man seemed to just kind of disappear
over on the Capcom side and that a lot of games in general seem to be disappearing over
there.
And then on the Konami side, a lot can be said similarly about, I don't know, the music
games, for one.
Castlevania, for another, has really seemed to fall on the wayside.
But in all seriousness, Konami still does have a very strong business in the casino
realm and a lot of the other things they do outside of gaming.
Pachinko, don't forget, is still a huge thing.
We don't see it here, but it's still a huge industry in other parts of the world.
Konami still does very well there.
As much as we joke about it here on the show, I don't necessarily really think that either
of those companies are going to just go under or fall belly up, but I still think acquisition
is not completely out of the picture.
I mean, sometimes these acquisitions happen and they kind of surprise us, so I never leave
that stone unturned.
That all being said, what you bring up about retro releases, especially on PC, well, you
know another Japanese company is having a lot of luck with it, it seems, and that's
Square Enix.
And it really seems that Square Enix has really made a push this year.
I never thought we would see Final Fantasy 13, nevertheless the whole trilogy, show up
on Steam.
And now it's not just PC, it's iOS and it's Android as well.
It's all of these mobile platforms where you're seeing Final Fantasy 3, 4, 5, 6, I mean you're
just seeing lots and lots of games in their archive that people really remember that they're
really pushing out there.
And as far as I know, doing pretty well with, I can't imagine those games are very expensive
to make because they've all been ports of other stuff.
So it can't be like that expensive for them to do.
So I would think they're doing pretty well with that.
So could Konami and Capcom be successful with a similar deal?
I would think so, especially, you know, just straight up ports of some of the NES classics.
Like I don't know, Gradius, Contra, I think a lot of people would end up buying iOS ports
of those, even if they're not even that good, because I still think, like how can you fucking
play Contra without a controller?
I don't know, but if somebody would spend the 99 cents to try and find out, it still
makes Konami a lot of money at the end of the day.
I don't see what there is to lose in those avenues, but that doesn't necessarily mean
they're going to explore it.
But I would think with Square Enix going down that path, maybe they'll follow.
But as far as all the Mega Man games on PC, I don't know about that one.
That might be a bit of a stretch.
There was a Mega Man game on PC years ago, though.
It had nothing to do with the rest of the Mega Man games.
It was like, it was like three bosses and a couple Wileys Castle.
I remember it.
It was like an old PC game.
You could play it in like CGA mode.
Oh, God.
Yeah.
Yeah.
It just kind of disappeared.
I bought that.
I did, too.
It was pretty awesome.
It ran like shit on my old computer.
That is true.
I can confirm it.
Maybe with a built-in DOS box.
That is a perfect candidate for GOG.
But would Capcom ever get involved in a site like that?
I don't know.
I don't know.
Yeah, I agree with you wholeheartedly.
I'm no programmer by any means, no.
Between me and everyone else on the bug community, probably Black Wolf knows probably the most
from what I can tell.
But even with that being said, I don't see re-releasing stuff on PC would be all that
hard.
And now that Council Lists can't play my previously purchased downloadable content, if the real
releases were available on Steam, I would buy that stuff up in Heartbeat.
You know me.
I buy games left and right.
Right.
Well, I think a lot of us do when it comes to Steam.
But anyway, again, as much as I don't think the entire Capcom, Mega Man, all eight games
are going to come out for PC any time soon, or really ten, I guess, ten games are going
to come out for PC any time soon.
Remember, DuckTales HD was a thing, and a lot of people really liked it.
And it did pretty good.
Maybe that is the ray of hope that we need as far as some of these retro titles go.
Just remember to buy this stuff if you like it.
Don't frickin' pirate it and all that stuff, and that's going to send a message that we
want more of it.
So, all right.
Well, RageNator, thanks for the call.
And my fingers are crossed.
I know you're a Steam fan and would like to see some of these classics on Steam.
I hope it happens.
Oh, definitely.
Well, have a good one.
All right?
You, too.
Feel better.
All right.
Thanks.
All right.
Bye.
TigerClanChat, Mega Man PC came out in 1990.
Let's see.
BlackWolf in chat says, I'm not a programmer, but I don't think making this old code not
made for current hardware, work on current hardware shouldn't be hard.
Newsflash, it's not easy.
Well, isn't it interesting that somebody put out an NES emulator on the iOS marketplace?
That was one of the stories we read last week, and it got taken down swiftly.
So, you know, it kind of depends on what level of a port they want to do.
Okay.
An emulator?
Sure, it's going to take a little more.
No, no, no.
I'll go with Mega Man PC not being able to run on, you know, on current PCs.
How about...
1-877-GAMO-LR, username on Skype, orange launch radio.
What about Mega Man 9 and Mega Man 10?
No, why not?
Those are more modern.
Yeah.
It should be a little bit easier, the port over, I would think.
I would think.
And then, you know, something like DuckTales HD especially takes a lot, a lot of work,
and any time they're going to go back and actually change textures, you know, you're
talking about basically redoing the game in a new language, and so yeah, that's going
to take work.
So a lot more work than just the turning around of the other titles.
I think another example is that Final Fantasy VI iOS port, I think a lot of the flak that
game's getting and that port's getting is that it was obviously outsourced.
And so sometimes that's how companies make these things happen is that they do them on
the super cheap, that they don't have their usual teams working on them, they send them
to other companies, and in some cases, like Final Fantasy VI, kind of think you get what
you pay for a little bit, so.
But Final Fantasy VI also didn't have any prior, you know, I don't think it was ever
out on PSP, I don't think they redid it at all for DS or anything else that's modern,
they probably had to go back and basically take that engine they had built for iOS for
that Final Fantasy...
There was another, there was a Final Fantasy game that was only on iOS that is like in
five episodes or something and the first one's free, but that engine is clearly what five
and six are running in, so they just took those games and like remade them in that engine.
So, but anyway.
1-877-GAME-OLR, our username on Skype, Orange Lounge Radio, if you want to give us a call.
Call our show, dammit.
You know, I think this is an interesting, worthy comment here from chat.
Kaijuto says, I'm burned out on retro crap.
Let's get new and innovative.
Duh, Dragon Age.
I think there's a time and a place for retro crap.
And to this day, and you know I always harp on this whenever I get the opportunity to,
I think Game Room on Microsoft's Xbox 360 and PC died way before it should have.
Way before it should have.
And it's so irritating to then turn around and see them make a documentary on 2600, which
to be fair I haven't watched and I need to.
Maybe I'll do that tonight.
I still really need to watch that.
But it's like they had a chance to bring back Atari 2600 stuff and it was kind of cool and
then they let it go for like three months and they pulled the plug and it was very sad.
Anyway.
And yeah, Black Wolf says the documentary is good.
It's only a little over an hour.
Yeah, I know it's pretty short.
That's why I really need to make the time to watch it.
So I'll have to do that at some point.
I still have an Xbox Gold subscription so I should be able to get it on my 360.
I just have to hook up my 360 because I disconnected it when I moved some things around here in
the studio.
So.
Alright.
Last call for calls, 1877 game OLR or our username on Skype, OrangeLoungeRadio.
Oh, there it is.
We've got one more call coming in.
Let's get to it.
Hi, you're on OrangeLoungeRadio.
Who's this?
It's me.
We're only DJ Rama.
Hey, Rama.
I like that shirt.
Is that like a Ninja Turtle shirt you're wearing?
Even better.
Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtle Android.
Oh, my God.
That's cute.
I like that.
What's up, buddy?
Yes.
I'm kind of pissed right now.
Why?
Nobody's calling in and it seems like if nobody calls in, then I call in and everyone loses
their mind.
So you know what?
I'm here to fill in the gap, keep things going till there's no dead air.
So I'm here to help you all out.
I'm a player five.
Well, gee, thank you.
I mean, we couldn't have talked.
No.
We can always talk amongst ourselves, but I appreciate you calling, Rama.
It's always more fun with friends.
And you know what?
I know some people listen to this show and I know some people say, it's the same damn
people who call in every week.
And my response to that is, I would love to have you on the show too.
Just give us a call.
It's open for everybody.
Or email us.
And here's the thing.
There have been times I do not call in at all.
I let everybody else call in and see what's on their mind.
And it's like, how long does it take to pick up the phone?
This is what's bothering me.
This is what's up.
You know, that's all it is.
I know.
It's all right though.
It's probably a slower.
I haven't looked at the listener numbers for tonight, but I imagine with everybody going
back to work tomorrow, it's probably a little lower than usual anyway.
So no biggie.
Pretty much.
So what's on your mind though?
I picked up another video game over the weekend.
I picked up a couple of them to help with some awesome friends I have around this country.
What's that?
Let me go grab them real quick.
Because you probably won't believe one of the games that I got.
And the other one, you probably wouldn't be too surprised that I got in the first place.
As you all know, a particular remake just happened to come out a few weeks ago.
There it is.
That's 2.5 HD Remix on PS3.
Yeah, I got mine too.
I didn't pick that up, and I really need to, but the reason why I didn't pick it up is
because I didn't finish the frickin' first one, and I'm not going to play the second
one until I finish the first one.
Because by then it'll be on sale.
Do you know anything special about this copy though?
Is that a Japanese one?
No, it's a pin, Rob.
This is the limited edition with the Disney pin.
Oh!
Oh, holy shit.
Nice.
And I just lucked out on that because a friend of mine ordered two copies by accident because
when I went to go to Target to get mine, they said they had it in store, I go to pick
it up, I'm dealing with six people trying to ask them for the game, and they had no
more.
And when I went home, they still had it in stock, and I'm like, you know what, I'm not
dealing with it today.
Yep.
You know what happened to us?
What?
They lost our order.
No, they sent it to the old house even after we changed our address.
Oh no.
And so...
That actually happened to my copy of, remember when Activision was giving out free copies
of Guitar Hero Van Halen?
Yeah.
That happened to me!
Well, we ended up talking to the seller and everything, and we got our copy shipped to
us.
Nice.
And it arrived in time for opening presents.
That is awesome.
Now, the second game that I picked up, I like to call it Grand Theft Hacking, but from that
title, though, I think you know which game I'm talking about.
Grand Theft Hacking, I keep thinking Grand Theft Hacking.
Watch Dogs.
Oh, Watch Dogs.
Yeah, so the PlayStation 3.
Nice.
Of course, of course.
Hey, guess how much I paid for this?
$9.99.
Higher.
Uh, $19.99.
Crossed 25 with shipping.
That's not bad.
Not bad.
It seems that select targets were getting rid of it, and a friend of mine posted a picture
of the game, and I'm like, I will pay you money to send this to me, because I know for
a fact if I check my target, it'll be retail price.
And I checked, sure enough, this game was $59.
And after playing two hours of this game, I tell you what, I feel sorry for anyone who
paid retail price for this.
I do.
I'm gonna tell you, this is not the best time of year to get video games, because with everybody
that gets gift cards over the holiday season, they want to go to the stores and spend all
that money, so there's usually not a lot of sales early on this time of year.
You're gonna have to wait for probably like President's Day, things like that, where you're
gonna start to see some sales again to get people back in the stores.
But yeah, these first few weeks of January, really crappy time to get games, because they
know people want to burn those gift cards they got.
Well, see, if I'm buying anything, it won't be video games, it'll be technology to keep
the podcast and my crew going to conventions and doing other cool stuff.
That's right, which is a necessity for a convention-focused show like your guys's.
You know, we had a big convention here in Sacramento this weekend, and just none of
us got around to getting out, but SacAnime was this weekend.
Why did y'all not go to SacAnime?
I know people, I would have gotten y'all a hookup.
You know what's funny?
And I know people through the stuff I used to do with Rocky, I know people involved with
that stuff too, and it's just, I don't know why we don't go, well, I know why we don't
go to the summer one, because the summer one is always the same weekend as Dragon Con and
PAX, so it's like, sorry, SacAnime, there's just so much going on.
I don't know why we don't go to the winter one.
I don't have an excuse.
I really should have fucking gone, and I didn't.
I just, I don't know.
I honestly, honest to God, I just forgot until one of my Facebook friends, actually, several
of my Facebook friends were like, LOL, I was at SacAnime today, and I was like, aw, fuck.
Yeah, because one of my friends who's also a voice actor, he went, he posted a picture
of him and Peter Cullen, and I'm just like, oh, you bastard.
Yeah.
They're getting a lot of big names there right now, because again, this isn't a big time
of year for cons, but celebs still want to get paid, so they can get some really good
talent.
And what's interesting is there's also another convention going on this weekend, too, I have
friends that are staffing and working right now, Otacon Vegas.
Oh, I didn't know that was this weekend, interesting.
Wow.
All right.
Well, Rama, does Anime Jam Session come back from hiatus this week, or are you off on the
week?
No, we're still hibernating.
We're going to be back next week, live episode, January 13th, and we're doing what you missed
in the last two weeks in the fuckery that is anime and cosplay and other pop culture
stuff.
Well, good.
I look forward to hearing about SacAnime on that, since I didn't go.
Well, I think I'd be able to recruit someone to talk to us about SacAnime, but some of
the other news we've been picking up, oh, yeah, it'll be quite fun.
But Rama, Yaya Han went to SacAnime, come on.
I'm glad I didn't go.
You can't wait, so that means it's called Silicon.
Oh, you people, you people, all right.
Anime Jam Session, Tuesday nights here on VOG.
All right.
Take care, buddy.
Yeah, you stay fabulous, Rob.
Thank you.
I will.
Stay black.
I will.
I'll try.
All right.
Bye.
Bye.
There it is.
I'm going to go ahead and close up the Skype line.
Thank you guys so much for calling.
If you didn't get through and you wanted to, well, you should have called a little faster,
too.
You can always email us, mailbag at orangeloungeradio.com, but it is after midnight on the East Coast,
about time for us to wrap up here on the West Coast.
Thank you guys so much for tuning into the show and listening to our show.
We hope you enjoyed it, despite the fact it was a little more of a slow news week, but
you know, I think some of you like the tangents, so there was plenty of those for you this
week.
If you like what you heard here at Orange Lounge Radio, please help us spread the word,
because we don't have a big magazine or website or big radio network or something.
We don't have any backing from any of that.
We are a homegrown show in our 13th year, if you can believe it.
So word of mouth is all we got, word of mouth.
Tell a friend or five about the show, a five-star rating on a network like iTunes or Stitcher,
on which, by the way, we haven't gotten a five-star rating in a very long time on either
of those networks, so we would really appreciate it if you take a few seconds to, wherever
you learned about this show, go leave us a nice review.
It goes a long way in helping for visibility, and we really deeply appreciate each one we
get.
It is time to go around and get everybody's final thoughts.
Dark Soccer, I'll start with you tonight.
Your final thought?
I want ice cream.
Yummy.
My final thought tonight is support indie broadcasting, and also, I've got a lot of
work to do, speaking of indie stuff, for VOG with loading the shows and all that stuff,
before I go to bed early, so I can get up for work early and go to work early, yay early
work, blah.
Loki, your final thought tonight?
I'll be damn lucky if I finish my VOG gym project by Sunday, but...
You can do it.
I will try.
At least get one stage playable.
At least get something.
At least get a little something.
I'll try.
All right, there it is, guys.
That is gonna do it, and as one of our emailers said tonight, we've got a lot of great stuff
in gaming to look forward to this year, lots of great games on the way, things we might
not even know about yet that we're gonna hear about at E3 and so forth, but it's gonna be
an exciting year, and thanks for choosing to start it off with us.
We really appreciate it.
Have a great week, everybody.
Happy gaming.
We'll be back to do it again next week when everybody's back at work, and hopefully we
have a little more news.
If not, Winona Ryder chat for three hours.
Good night, everybody.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is a production of OLR Studios.
To join us for a live show, tune into fognetwork.com Sunday nights at 6 p.m. Pacific, 9 p.m. Eastern.
The views and opinions expressed in this program do not necessarily reflect those of the staff
of Orange Lounge Radio or VOG Network, but you know they were all still true.
See you next week.
See you next time.
