This week, Nintendo started the first full week of the year off with news of a partnership allowing their flagship series characters to be used in a non-Nintendo game. There's plenty of other movement as we progress into 2015, and we'll tell you more along with your comments, calls, and emails right now on the show, where every gamer has a voice.
Orange Lounge Radio
Hello my friends out there on the internet, and welcome back to another week of the show where every gamer has a voice. It is Orange Lounge Radio, live on this January 11th of 2015, episode number 583 of our show.
And we are here to talk about video games, gaming culture, and the gamer lifestyle over the next three hours with you guys, all our live participants and podcast participants, and us here in studio. My name is Rob Roberts, and joining me as always, say hello to DarkSakura or Jamie Summers.
And is that your final word on the matter?
No.
How are you?
I'm in recovery.
In recovery? Are you hungover?
No, I had a bad migraine yesterday, so my head has that weird numb feeling today.
Oh, those are no fun.
Yeah, so I have a sinus infection. I am taking antibiotics. I'm going to have great skin in about another few days.
You sound really good for having a sinus infection, so you must be a couple days into meds.
It hurts, but I've been on the antibiotics for about a week now, so I do mostly better, but it's just like, oh, come on, I had the flu, then it's a sinus infection, what's next, pneumonia?
Don't ask.
Actually, that is what happened last time I had a major sinus infection.
Be careful what you wish for. You better knock on wood. Well, if you need me to turn down some lights here in Studio N7, just let me know.
That's fine.
Luckily, it's not a TV show.
Just get me Pinkberry later.
Why don't you do OLR like a video? Why don't you do like a feed of stuff? To be fair, we used to do a long time ago.
Because, no.
But that would involve extra lighting, which is going to make an ace even worse.
Because, no. That's why. Because, no.
Because it's Orange Lingerino, not Orange Lingerino.
No.
Also here tonight, say hello to Techmaster Loki.
Hi.
Hi, how are you, Loki?
Tired.
Tired? Yeah, I see you got an ample, ample supply of Red Bull here in the studio tonight.
It's the only thing that's keeping me awake.
If you ever want to start drinking coffee, let me know. We got a coffee maker.
I drink coffee too, but...
Oh, do you?
I don't like it.
Yeah?
Blasphemy.
Like the white mochas and crap.
Oh, Starbucks. Like the, you know.
Oh, I want a mochaccino, and I want soy, and I want three pumps sugar-free vanilla.
Oh, fuck that shit.
Okay, Mr. Non-Fat Latte.
Which is my actual order, just so you know.
Just kidding.
See, I can, I could go to any Starbucks and order, I could go anywhere and order Rob a drink as long as it has caramel and is non-fat.
Is that, okay, is that so bad? Non-fat milk is not, is not so bad.
It's like milk flavored water.
I know, I know, but...
I wholly agree.
But if you have the whole, like, my body doesn't like dairy things and it's a good way to save on fat, then I don't think it's so bad.
The drinks turn off, it has coffee in it still, it's the most important part.
The coffee melts some butter and pours it inside.
You know, I actually...
That's how you get fat.
No, that's bulletproof coffee. Fat is good for you.
Fat is good for you.
A little fat is good for you. Like, fat in, like, peanuts is good, but fat in french fries from McDonald's is not so good for you.
Well, they're not really food anyways.
Eating, eating whole foods that has not been processed is better for you than eating food that's been extra processed.
But frappuccinos have been processed, as delicious as they are.
That's okay, I'll still get my Americano.
Alright, uh, look, we have our chatters, the live chat room every week.
We only have them if they bring me coffee.
Over at the Voice of Geeks Network, vognetwork.com, we do tape live every Sunday night at 6 o'clock Pacific, 9 o'clock Eastern, right after the Bobby Black Wolf show.
And if you are listening live tonight, first off, thank you, you've chosen us over the Golden Globes.
And I hope that, I hope that it made...
You made the smart choice.
Yeah, you made the right choice, so I hope that didn't make you go, oh shit, and turn this off and go turn the Golden Globes on.
Anything you need to see will be on YouTube tomorrow.
Although if you're listening to this on Monday, it's too late.
It's too late, you missed it.
Haha, you're stuck with us for three hours.
Alright, anyway, let's see, going to our chat room over at live.vognetwork.com.
Alan Alchemy says, Sky wants to get a sinus infection in the days before his Seattle trip.
So don't, don't breathe on me, Jamie.
My response is that sinus infections are not contagious.
It's bacteria because of the weirdness in my nose from the flu.
Fifth Dream in chat says, Starbucks, I'd like a coffee, what's that?
No, no, no, I'm sorry, that would be Dutch Brothers.
No, no, no, Starbucks says, I'd like coffee, do you want it triple burnt?
I prefer Dunkin Donuts where I get my sugar scoops with a side of coffee.
If I'm going to go anywhere, if I'm going to go anywhere for froufrou coffee, I will go to Dutch Brothers.
Do you even have any of those in Sacramento?
Yeah, there's like five of them.
Where? All over the place.
Any near me without giving my address away on air?
Um, there's one on Garfield.
Oh, well shit, I did not, alright.
There's one by my house.
I was checking Odie and Nirmal this whole time.
But, but obviously if I'm going to get like actual coffee at a chain, I'm going to go to Pete's.
Yeah, Pete's is pretty good. Anyway, uh, let's see, Alan Alchemy in chat says,
Non fat milk for when you don't want coffee black, but also don't want to be farty, bloaty, all fucking day just for some caffeine.
Thank you. Thank you, Alan Alchemy.
You have an eloquence with words that sometimes me hosting a radio show for 13 years, I fail with.
I'm a milk. I'm a milk latte.
It's okay. It's okay.
It's okay. Alan really likes that stuff. I'm not, I'm not big on that.
Act Deft and chat says he's watching the Golden Globes while listening to OLR.
No. No.
As long as they're muted.
Please. I'll put on the mask if I have to and chain you to the wall.
Make your choice. All right. Uh, anyway, uh, let's get into our show tonight and we'll talk about our gaming weeks, the types of games we've been playing this week.
But obviously this was a big week over the voice geeks network.
Uh, we had the vog game jam going on this week, uh, which was the effort to get more people to create things.
Uh, and we picked a theme a few weeks ago on the show, which was a buggy game through our highly scientific listless process.
Um, a few of you have submitted games. Uh, I saw about seven emails come in, which to be honest, I only thought there was going to be like maybe three.
So the fact that even like we got seven, uh, and that's just the people that remembered to actually send in an official email, which is what you were supposed to do before the deadline for the thing on the forums.
But I have a feeling we're going to get even more than that in the coming days, uh, because there's a lot of people that weren't able to finish their stuff.
Like I saw like YYR on Twitter, which is funny enough, YYR kind of inspired this whole idea and he wasn't able to finish his thing just because of IRL stuff, but I'm pretty sure he'll end up submitting something late.
Um, and Loki, I know your project was extremely ambitious and the deadline has come and gone and...
I tried and I was super stressed out and tired this entire week.
You tried, Goldstar, you tried.
I just like, you know, try working eight hours after sleeping, only a couple hours a day for two weeks.
Yeah. But what's interesting is that, you know, seeing what you have on YouTube and hearing about, I haven't, I haven't seen what you have built in Unity right now, but it seems like you've actually got a game.
It's just not to that level that you wanted it to be at right now.
Well, you have a car that can drive around a track.
Yeah. I've got, I've got that. I've got checkpoints and I just don't have it all hooked together, I guess. And I don't have levels.
Well, and it's not necessarily a racing game on top of that. Um, that's the funny part about it. It's more like, um, sort of like a WarioWare type of game because basically each level, as I mentioned before, is, um, it's broken in a different way.
And so it's, you know, one level you may have to race to the finish line, you know, in the quickest time. Another level, it may be, oh crap, you have to survive for a certain amount of time or other things that get thrown your way.
And just, but that sounds very ambitious because you're trying to, you have to, that you have to build each one of those, those different criteria instead of taking just one of them and getting your project.
I see why you didn't finish.
Yeah, I even tried. I was like, okay, well maybe I just scrapped something together real quick, but yeah, it just, it wasn't.
Yeah. Um, which, um, you know, and then YYR is in chat room saying that, you know, it was a week to come up with the idea and then a couple of hectic weeks of work.
You know what? I can't pick on YYR because I'm in the same boat is that, you know, I was unable to finish my project because I had my day job stuff come into play, which, you know, I don't make apologies for that.
The day job pays for this. So stuff with that will always come first as policy. I don't talk about, and as you can imagine with a lot of the crap that happened on Twitter in 2014, you can see why I'm not always up front.
Heaven forbid I say something that pisses the wrong person off on this program. So I, I don't really talk about my day job on air, but, um, you know, I had to basically say, I'm not going to get done with the project cause I have the day job in the way, but is, does that mean it was a total failure?
No, I don't think so at all because I feel more empowered now than I did a few weeks ago. Um, making a game really felt unattainable. It really did. Like I just like, you know, I can play them and I can comment on them and I can make silly games and games and other games.
But this whole unity thing, I was like, Oh, that's for people that studied computer science in college. That's for, that's for people that have more background than I do.
But I think something I learned through this whole process and I, I think the, you know, once again, the cooking with unity guys who were on about a month ago on the show for this, and I think Loki for this in large part.
I think a lot of you for this as well as that, you know, helping to show that unity is something you can do. So I did download install unity. I had an idea. I started to do some very basic motion things, but unfortunately that's only as far as I could get.
My idea was stupid simple though. And I do want to finish it at some point. And in a nutshell, um, my idea was taking and everybody knows the fly swatter game and Mario paint, right? Everybody knows that game. Everybody loves that game.
Uh, I was going to take that concept and reverse it basically that you're the fly and you're trying to dodge all the swatters. Uh, and that was, that was, you know, and I wanted to keep, I wanted to keep it like Atari 2,600 level basic.
Um, and I kinda was fleshing that out when, uh, in one of the very, very early cooking with unity videos, which I was using to really help me, uh, learn the thing we, they were talking about.
You could kind of have like a consistent motion, but you can also have that be altered with what the game pad does. So I wanted the flies movement to be very erratic and difficult to control.
And then that would kind of be the, the bugginess of the game as well as, you know, the fact that it was literally about a bug. So that was my idea. And it was really funny as Loki was like, I could build that in like an hour.
You want me to just do my, do your game for you? And I'm like, wait, no, no, that's not the point. I should have just jacked my idea. I'm like, that's not the point.
That would have, that would have ruined the whole thing. So unfortunately, you know, I don't have anything to present today, but I feel still like there was a success.
We've, we've crossed a point that we might not have otherwise. So I'm, I'm happy with that in that regard, but focusing less on the negative of, of me and focusing on the positive of you guys.
I'm, I'm really happy to see what was submitted out there. And the fact that so many of you participated and funny enough, I saw that the Cooking with Unity guys were participating too.
I don't know what it was they were doing. I didn't watch it because I wanted to be surprised, but I saw that they have several videos chronicling the whole thing from start to finish.
Yeah, that's pretty awesome. I was listening to it while I worked on my game.
Oh, that's so amazing. So what I did do, and here's what I can do because I didn't finish, but I am still, you know, the voice you hear on this show.
And one thing I did promise to do anyway, I'm going to go through each and every game and live stream it and do some playing and some, you know, tongue in cheek feedback, which means obviously I'm not going to be overly harsh to people that have worked very hard to create games.
But I will give, you know, my own sassy commentary on whatever it is you guys have created and, you know, try to at least bring a little attention to the great stuff that you guys did.
And maybe encourage some more people to check them out because it looks like there's some pretty intricate stuff out there.
I have to do it again.
I know. Well, here's the thing. Here's, here's my thing. I refuse to do another game jam. And I haven't even talked to Bobby about this, but this is the way it is in my mind right now.
I will not do another game jam until I finish this one. Period. So you all can do, I will not do another game jam until I finish this one. It's very important. I want to at least do it.
Finishing something is the hardest thing you can do.
It is.
Yeah. Since the last 10%, but I haven't even gotten to the last 10% yet. And so, yeah.
I'm hoping maybe in about a month when things calm down a little bit, because like, honestly, here's the, if I could have, and you know what's funny when Bobby and I were talking about this earlier, what should the day be?
What should the day be? The original time I had suggested was Martin Luther King weekend, which is this next weekend, because then Monday was off work and I could have spent that day playing all the submissions.
Well, now Alan and I are going to Seattle, so that wouldn't have worked either. But if I could have gotten two more weeks, somehow out of that, I could have finished.
So my personal goal is to try and finish it in two weeks. That's my goal, because obviously it won't happen this next weekend with Seattle and everything.
But now that things at work have calmed down significantly, I'm hoping in that next week I can finish it, because it's supposed to be a simple concept. So we'll see.
Here it is.
All right. Let's see. Going to our chatroom over at live.vognetwork.com. Let's see. PushyPixels in chat says, that's not a great idea. You should do all the jams and make pong first. It helps.
No, I don't want to sound like I'm saying, I'm just saying for me personally, I feel awfully stupid endorsing this whole thing when I couldn't even finish myself.
But I do, I still feel like I accomplished something. I came out ahead, but it wasn't as much as I would have wanted to do. But I got a paycheck that keeps the show going. That's something that I accomplished.
Anyway. And yyr in chat says, the 80-20 rule, the last 20% of the game takes 80% of the effort. Isn't that the truth?
Well, god damn it. Considering the two that I've worked on, the first few percentages, that's taken a lot of effort, so I can't imagine what the last...
Yeah. We'll see. Maybe it depends on the way you did it. Let's see. And some folks in chat, some more comments. BlackWolf says, I learned a lot about the new UI in 4.6. So that's good.
And PushyPixels says, it's great you guys set this thing up. So thank you. Again, I'm loving that there's more participation than I really would have expected.
I honestly would have been blown away if we got three entries. I figured, okay, we'd probably have Bobby, yyr, and we'll have that fringe person I didn't know about that they'll actually end up submitting something.
Like that's what I figured would be the participation in the game jam. But to see all these other people too, and including, there's been more, there's been people that have said,
I listen to OLR, and I've never really participated with the show, but I wanted to do this. That was totally unexpected.
Well that didn't want to impress everybody, so I was like, well I can't just release this, I gotta do something cool.
See, that's the part where we get stuck.
It is, yeah, because I went back...
I wasn't afraid to put out a shitty game, because honestly if I could have finished the game that simple, and still is important, I want to finish, so that still is important to me, just to say I did it. I did this.
I made this in, because believe me, my first idea was to just do, oh I'll just do something in ZZT, that's my comfort zone, or I'll make something silly in Commodore 64 basic, that's my comfort zone.
But then, Unity seemed more and more like something I could actually do, so there's that.
Anyway, I don't want to spend the whole show talking about coulda, woulda, shoulda, let's focus on the positive, is the fact that so many of these people participated.
I'm going to play all these games in the coming week, and I'm excited to. There's a really diverse, from what I'm seeing in the screenshots and the titles and emails, a lot of people interpreted that buggy game in various ways.
It seems like most people actually did games about bugs, but certainly it wasn't limited to that. We had, like, Bobby did a moon buggy type of game.
I saw something about a Tetris submission. Again, I haven't played it yet, but there's some type of Tetris submission that's supposed to be buggy, so I'm looking at that, so lots of neat stuff that I can't wait to play.
Alright, let's see, I would like to get into a couple other stories here. More to come on the Jam in the coming weeks.
We will not be here live next week, as I've mentioned a few times on the show, and there will actually be no show at all this next week because it's kind of our late holiday break.
We were here through the holidays, but we're going to take a break next week because I'm going to Seattle.
But in two weeks, we'll be back on the show, and I will give you all my impressions on all the games I played at that point.
So we'll revisit this Jam, at least here on OLR, in a couple weeks. I imagine Bobby will get around to playing everything. He's already played some of them, it sounds like.
He'll probably talk about his impressions on Bobby Blackwell's show next week when we're not here, so you have all that to look forward to.
They're not done talking about the VoG Jam just yet, and I know there's going to be more late entries too. It's not just me and Loki. I think YYR still wants to get involved there and so forth.
Yeah, go late Jam!
The late Jam!
Alright, let's talk about this. This is another kickoff topic I wanted to get into tonight before we get into our gaming weeks and so forth.
And this is that type of story that's been making the rounds on Facebook and Twitter and all that.
Because I've seen a similar story like this about a dude who goes into a Burger King and there's some screaming kid in there that's screaming about wanting to have a pie.
So what does he do? He buys all the pies so the little screaming, disobedient child can't have any. I know I've seen that story on Facebook before, right?
You guys all know that story I'm talking about? I know I've seen it.
Oh yes.
Yes, right? So this is something similar that happened that has to do with gaming. And there is a Nintendo fan out there that I don't believe has a name. I think his name is Harry. That's it.
Although, that's it. This bitter fan bought 100 Rosalina and Luma amiibo figures just so you couldn't.
So he bought all these Rosalina and Luma amiibos in bulk so that way they would be off shelves and that you couldn't have them.
The reason why? Quote, I do not appreciate Rosalina appearing in almost every recent Mario game to date. The fact Nintendo promotes her so much and people praise her is just disgusting.
I hate her fans too. I know for a fact her amiibo will be among one of the most popular which is why I took the time to wait and pre-order over 100 of her.
I do not want her fans to be happy. It just crushes me Nintendo from the good days went to this shit for character designs.
By the way, this person who has spent $4,000 so far is going to be buying more figures such as Lucina, Palutena, Robin, and Zero Suit Samus are also on the list.
Why do I just have a feeling that this guy has some sort of Nintendo sex dungeon that he's lined these all up on the walls for?
I mean, because I seriously, yes, I hate them so much. I put them up on my walls.
And I just happen to notice, just a casual observation, I don't know if y'all notice this too, I just happen to notice that all those characters this guy apparently has a hate boner for happen to be women.
Is that just a coincidence, right? It can't be that this guy hates women in video games. Surely that can't be it, right?
It pretty much stinks of misogyny.
Hmm. Hmm. Well, now here's another side of this, though, is that is this even real? I mean, because I'm of the mindset where I'm like, okay, it's cute and all that this is on Reddit and making the rounds, but I want to see the receipts.
I want to see I want to see your box full of 100 Rosalina and Luma dolls that's not sitting in the GameStop box, waiting to go on the shelf. I want to see
Where did he order them from?
Apparently Amazon or something like that, but I want to see in your hate dungeon. I want to see your 100 Rosalina. I want to see the receipts because I kind of don't buy this story.
Or I see you burning them because, you know, I get to see this guy, you know, buying a bunch of this stuff and flipping it.
Well, and the other thing is, what an idiot. I mean, not just for the reasons we've already talked about, but what a way to send a message to Nintendo that people just hate Rosalina by making sure she sells out.
What a way to send that message to Nintendo, you dumbass.
I'm sure those 100 features that you took off the shelves will be so hard to like manufacture in like a day or two. I mean, it's just, it's stupid. It's not affecting anybody. If you bought all of them, then that would be affecting something, but you bought 100. That's nothing.
Yeah, there's still a whole bunch of Rosalina amiibos on Amazon right now.
That's like a few cases.
And YYR says, you know, and is absolutely right, 100 units is barely a blip on the radar. So I think this thing really just kind of spread around because there's a lot of us kind of looking at this going, what a dummy, if it's even real. And again, I'm just questioning.
He's just creating an all female amiibo fight club is what he's doing. It's just getting, he's training them all. He's going to have them fight against each other.
Like actually train them in Super Smash Brothers?
Yes, they're all going to fight each other.
Which by the way, isn't now I don't profess to be a Smash Brothers expert, but my understanding is Rosalina is like top tier, right? Isn't Rosalina like a top tier Smash Brothers character right now? Like she's kind of really good in the game. I don't know. Anyway, let's see.
That's why I don't want to talk about this guy. He probably wants attention and he's getting it. Well, here's the nice thing. I haven't said his name. That name I did say was an alias that some of these websites have come up with.
So I don't know what this guy's name is, nor do I care to know and spread it around on the show.
And I think what he'll probably will do, look out for this, is that if he really did order a hundred of these, if he did, watch for the eBay posting by the Rosalina doll that the dude with the hate boner hat.
He'll try to, that's, isn't that the capitalist way to do it? He'll try to spin it and sell those things for a profit because that market is still out there.
Yeah, it's just like the people that, you know, back, you know, my son is grounded, so I'm selling his guitar hero controller and it sells for like $500 and it's like, so it's worth $10 selling for like $500.
Yeah. So anyway, I think we can all agree that this guy is a bit of a moron and, you know, unless, now if the goal out of this was to create a story, a fake story that would go viral, then congrats you won because here is the entire internet sharing it on Facebook and talking about it.
So if that was the goal, then good job. But, uh, I have a feeling there's probably like half a hint of truth to it. I think somebody out there really does have the hate boner for, um, all these female characters, which you probably need to have examined for a completely different reason related to buying all the amiibo.
But I, I don't, I don't believe that all the amiibo have been purchased. Just because they've been pre-ordered as well doesn't mean they've been purchased.
So just throwing it out there. But if you show me all the dolls lined up in your hate basement, then I guess we can have a conversation. Come on the show and let's, let's talk about it. Let's talk about your many issues if you'd like.
All right. Anyhow, uh, let's get into our gaming weeks, the types of video games we have been playing this week. Uh, let's go around the room and check in. Dark Soccer, what have you been playing this week?
Uh, Little Borderlands. Um, I've been playing, uh, Fractal. Um, I actually got back in Final Fantasy XIV and a little bit of Dragon Age. Um, I actually forced myself to play it when I had a raging headache, just because I hadn't played any in a few days.
I'm still putting off the, the heartbreaking step on my heart, rip it out, throw it across a cow field full of shit part of the game. Because-
No spoilers.
Because of my romance option.
Although I can kind of piece it together what's happening here. It's kind of, kind of obvious, but anyway.
Well, are you going to romance them?
Probably not.
Okay then.
Some of the listeners might be though.
Well, if, trust me, it's, it's-
I would think anyone that has that much care over it's probably already played through the game. That's my thought. But anyway, so there you go. Uh, Loki, how about you? How was your gaming week?
Um, really all I played is, uh, just a little bit of, um, League of Marvel Superheroes. Just because my son wants me to play with him.
Although, the last few days while he's been playing I've been sleeping on the couch trying to catch up on some of my sleep.
But, uh, I did get a little bit of it in and I managed to get him to play a level so I could finally 100% that level.
But, how's he going to play it when he goes to bed so I can, you know, because I'm at 75% complete with the game so I'll just platinum it. It's super easy.
And then we'll be done with that. Well, as far as I'm concerned, I'll be done with it.
And then I was just working on my game job, so.
Yeah. Alright.
Uh, my gaming week was a little slow this week. Um, obviously, if I didn't have time to work on the project I didn't really have a lot of time to play games either.
So that really ended up being the case. I haven't played any role. There's one new game that I played this week and it's not really even a new game.
Uh, so what I will mention is that, uh, and some of you have probably seen this by now.
But, uh, Wednesday night after Horde House I finally gave in to all the people that are like,
Rob, when are you going to fucking play Five Nights at Freddy's and do the livestream?
So Shane came over and it took us like 30 minutes just to set up my other studio.
I have this studio here, N7, then I have the satellite studio that I actually do all my computer gaming in and livestreaming.
And I set that all up for the external sound which was harder to do than you'd think because I had to get it to be a decent volume.
So finally after 30 minutes of setting that up we were able to play a little bit of Five Nights at Freddy's.
So I finally played that game for the first time and it's all chronicled on YouTube, uh, over on my YouTube channel Rob Roberts Plays.
And did the game scare me? Yep. Yep. I got tricked into a couple jump scares.
Uh, that frickin' Chica or whatever her name is got me twice during the livestream.
And, uh, what a silly game.
But, you know, I gotta say, uh, an extraordinarily, I mean, this goes back to, you know, to bring it full circle with the game jam.
What an extraordinarily simple concept, really.
Um, you know, watching these security cameras and making sure that the monsters don't really get closer to your room.
Where you're, uh, where you're, um, you know, uh, gonna get eaten if they get to you and you don't shut the door or whatever in time.
The one thing I never really truly understood, the one thing I never really truly understood about the game was, what's the point of the cameras?
Because you just want to make sure they don't get in the doors.
So couldn't you just sit there the entire time and just check the lights, check the lights, check the lights.
And then finally, if you see somebody in the room, like, about to come in the room, just shut the door.
Like, I never really understood what the advantage is to cycling through the different cameras.
You don't really seem to slow them down or anything by doing that.
I don't think they can move when the camera's on them.
Yeah, but considering there's more than one, there's always at least one person that should be moving.
So why not always check the doors?
Now, I think there's something to do specifically with the Fox character, where starting on night three, he will run into your room and you may not have time to see him if you don't check the camera.
But one guy, and this is always interesting, depending on what game I stream, I sometimes get people that have no idea, you know, of the podcast I do or who I am.
Just people that like to watch streams of people playing the game.
And one guy came into the room and was like, yeah, all I ever do is I check Pirate's Cove, which is where Foxy hides out.
I go Cove, light, light, and just repeat.
That was my strategy and that's how I get all the way to like the end of night five.
And I'm like, well, that kind of makes the game a little silly at that point, doesn't it?
Like, it kind of takes all the point out of it.
So I just feel like, and I'm sure the chat room is yelling at me here, so I'm going to go to them in a minute here over at live.vognetware.com.
It just seems to me that, like, there's something wrong with the balance of the game if it's that easy.
But I don't know. But there is, I will say this, then Shane was trying to explain to me, oh, there's all this lore behind the game.
You got to go watch these game theory YouTubes about how it's all a parallel to this guy that killed all these people at a Chuck E. Cheese.
And then it leads into the second game and you find out all this stuff.
And I'm just like, wow, there is, like, people really read a lot into this game.
But it does seem like the designer has left little hints in the game.
Like, that game theory thing I watch does make an awful lot of sense, even if they backtrack on a lot of it when they talk about the second game.
But anyway, I didn't think it was very interesting.
Going to the chat room over at live.vognetware.com, VidPower says,
Foxy will run at you full speed if you don't check on the cameras on him.
Actf says, and Foxy is a must to watch for the camera.
Actf says, that's my strategy, although I do check the door cams just in case.
And the lore is actually quite fascinating.
Kaijuto says, if you use too much power, you are fucked, so you need to check the cams to make sure you use power when they're close.
Okay, but didn't the cams use power too?
I thought, or can you just unlimited use the camera? The cameras don't really use any power.
If that's the case, then that makes a little more sense.
And I thought, I thought that might have been it.
And Alan Alchemy in chat says, these are probably things they fixed in part two and three.
My understanding is that the mechanic is totally different in part two, that there is no door.
That there's just the front that they can, like, jump, but you put a mask on instead.
Like, they totally changed it in two, and I'm sure they'll change some of the basic stuff in three as well.
Well, because two's supposed to be a prequel, so.
Yeah, well, but again, that's never really explicitly stated.
Yeah, it is.
That's just the whole game theory stuff.
No, it's the date on the check. Remember, the unit said that in game theory.
Oh, alright, alright, alright.
Your paycheck's a different date.
So that's only if you beat it that you really find that out, that it's prequel.
Yeah.
There's that.
Alright.
And then Act F says, no, cams do drain the energy.
That was the, the cams don't drain the energy?
I thought, alright, anyway.
Why don't we just shut down some of the cameras and, like, put the energy.
How about we just shut down all the cameras, put all the energy into the doors, and done.
So, you know what, I will say this much.
As much as it sounds like I'm talking negative about the game, I'm really not.
I'm just biased because I don't really like the jump scare stuff because I'm such a baby.
But I will say this, you know, massive kudos to the developer because, as I understand,
it's just one guy with a pretty crazy simple concept that I'm sure is making buku bucks.
This, this thing, well, maybe not a ton of ton of it, but it's always, like, number one
on the iOS store for iPad and all that stuff.
I know he's doing well there and I see a ton of let's plays on this on Steam and stuff.
He's got to be doing well with this game with what is a pretty simple idea fleshed out.
So, good for him. Good for him.
And people...
It'll be 100% better whatever Miyamoto's coming up with with his Project Watch.
I'm telling you, it's like one dude making this game.
I can tell it's going to be way better than watching Rob the Robot storm something.
I don't know.
Rob the Robot could be really creepy in a Five Nights at Freddy's game.
You never know. You never know.
Alright, so you think that's what Miyamoto's working on as a Five Nights at Freddy's ripoff?
Because I'm sure those are all incoming.
Just like the Minecraft ripoffs, now that Five Nights at Freddy's is number one on the iOS store,
I'm sure it's just a matter of time if it's not already happening before all the poorly made knockoffs start flowing in.
You know, three nights at Thelma's.
I'm sure all these freaking knockoffs are just about to happen.
Three Thursdays at Thelma's.
Alright.
Five Tuesdays with Maureen.
That's kind of dark.
Alright, let's get into, now that we're done with our gaming week, some quick housekeeping.
Follow us on Facebook. Facebook.com slash Orange Launch Radio.
We're also on Twitter. Twitter.com slash O-L-R.
And as a reminder, there is no show at all next week, January 18th.
We are taking the week off. A late holiday break.
But a happy Martin Luther King observance day to those of you in the States, because we'll be missing that.
And maybe see some of you in Seattle.
I don't know how many listeners we have up there, but if any are up there, I will be in your neighborhood.
Yes, even when it's not PAX.
But I love Seattle.
I've been there a few times. You know, we all went to Seattle.
That was the one road trip we all took together, although it was really a fly trip.
There was a limo involved.
That's right, there was a limo involved.
That was our diva trip to PAX.
That was a really fun time, though.
That wasn't just us. That was when we were with the All Games Network and there was really kind of a convergence of all those indie podcasters there at PAX.
You know, Bobby was involved, too, and a lot of other people with the network. That was a lot of fun.
So we had some great Seattle memories of that.
And then I went five years ago, funny enough, with Grandpa from Hoard House.
And this was long before his persona on that show was established and any of that before he was a podcaster and all that.
We went to Seattle together and had a great old time.
So I'm looking forward to going back and going to all the tourist traps and all the fun stuff.
But I'm going to tell you what, that football game better not get in the damn way.
Because that's something I realized last night is, oh shit, the Seahawks are in the playoffs now.
Which I'm happy for. I've been everything, but it's going to make the town crazy on Saturday.
No thank you. No thank you.
Alright, so no show. We will be back with a show two weeks from tonight on January 25th.
Hopefully for those of you that have a little podcast void next week, I hope you will fill the time with some other hardworking indie podcasters out there.
Of which there are lots and lots and lots of hardworking folks out there that will have shows for you next week.
So check them out.
Alright, let's get into some gaming news and what has been going on in the industry this week.
Not as busy of a week as we were expecting coming off of the holiday, but still a few big stories here and there nonetheless.
Starting with Loki.
Yes, so PlayStation Now is starting up a subscription program, which is kind of cool.
I mean, since the pricing of it was really ridiculous in the first place.
Although it is a little bit on the pricey side, so don't give up your membership to Gamefly anytime soon.
But apparently you can choose from some different subscription plans, including one month for $19.99.
Or three months for $14.99, which ends up being about $15 a month.
And with that you get basically unlimited streaming for all the games that are on the service.
So I think they have about 100 right now.
So it's all of them, not just select games. That's pretty rad.
Yeah, it's all of them. All you can play.
It's cool, I guess, if you really can dedicate a lot of time to get your money's worth out of it.
But I think it sounds like a great deal, but how much are you really going to be playing each month?
For $15 a month, that's pretty expensive.
I don't know, just imagine spending that on Steam games. You'd probably get a lot further with your money.
I'm of a couple mindsets about this. I actually think this is the feature a lot of people have been asking for.
I think some people are struggling with the price, so you really have to ask, is it a fair price?
I have a hard time hating on the price, honestly.
Games are always going to be a little more expensive than movies, so that's why it's about twice the cost of Netflix.
Twice the cost of Netflix, isn't it? Not even that, though. I'm kind of okay with that.
Because, yes, there's a place for Gamefly too. Gamefly can do more things, and comparable services.
Here's my thing.
The immediacy of what this is going to be able to provide is that you will not have to wait.
If you want to play any game in this virtual library right now, you're going to be able to do that.
That's hard to hate. I do think there's a lot of value with that.
The fact that, yeah, you're paying for this, but that's going to be 150 games right now, whenever you want.
The only thing that's a little bit of a negative is it's 150 games, of which maybe 10 are good and 140 are filler.
That's a little more of the concerning part.
One positive I see is that, one, you can play that on your PlayStation 4.
A lot of these, you can't play PlayStation 3 games on your PlayStation 4, so it gives you that.
But just looking at the titles that they have on there, a lot of these I already have in my PlayStation Plus library.
So if you have a PlayStation 3, it's kind of like, why do you need this?
Because PlayStation Plus, if you've had it for a while and have gotten these games, like I know Infamous I got from the whole PlayStation Network deal.
Red Faction Collection, I've had, god, those games have been so cheap.
Darksiders I've gotten before. Saints Row 2, Bioshock Infinite.
I mean, there's a ton of these games I already have, so it wouldn't make any sense for me to do this service.
And I think if you boil it down to what you want to actually play, you can probably go buy these games cheaper.
You won't get hundreds of games, but you can probably go out there and buy these games you use for a lot cheaper than paying $15 a month.
You get a game a month or something, or a couple of games a month.
Now, Bobby's being very adamant in chat and is showing the receipts here by linking to this list here from the PlayStation forums about how it is not everything that's on the service now.
There is a distinctive list between what you can rent and what is actually included when you subscribe to all games.
Such as, for example, I notice, I'm just looking at the list real quick, Final Fantasy XIII is on both lists, but XIII-2 is not included in the subscription list.
So, there's that. I mean, there are some games that are missing.
So now, now that further refines the question, I think, to, you know, is the $15 a month or whatever worth it for these specific games?
And you really have to kind of look at that list of what's available and say, do I want to be able to play these all for a month for $15?
And here's the other thing that's about that, too, is if you notice, like, I'm...
Whatever it is. Sorry, maybe not $15. What was the amount again? $18?
It was $19.99 a month for $24.99 for three months.
Okay, then is this worth $20 for a month?
I just think it's not, just because of the amount of...
First off, the amount of stuff that they've already given away for free on PlayStation Plus.
So, if you're like me and you just grab everything regardless of...
Because I had a Vita at one time, I still grab stuff for the Vita, because someday I may get a Vita again.
I just want to have that stuff in my library.
So, I've got a ton of these between this and my Xbox, you know, games with gold stuff and with my Steam library, which has got most of these games already.
There's not much for me to play on this, and on top of that, I just...
I don't know, I just don't see it being worthwhile to pay that kind of fee.
I'll notice, or I did notice that there are no EA games on that list, because those are part of that, you know, EA package thing that you pay $30 a year.
And, hey, $30 a year doesn't sound so bad now when you compare it to $19.99 a month.
Well, but again, it's what games, because I'm sure the EA list is much more...
And if you're not a sports game fan, that's even less.
Yeah, true. I would just look at what games you want to play and what games they're offering.
And honestly, you might be better off just saying, okay, hey, if there's only like a handful of games you want to play, go buy them.
I mean, because you might end up, or rent them.
Here's the thing, though, is that, you know, as well, and I'm trying to kind of remain a little bit hopeful about this, is that, okay, maybe that's the way this looks now.
But surely Sony plans to add to this, you know, and we know that PlayStation 2 and PlayStation 1, these are things that Sony wants to be able to offer on PlayStation Now.
It's things they've talked about being available on PlayStation Now that we haven't seen yet.
I want to see...
So I imagine in the next year, this will be further enhanced with PS1 and PS2 games, which would be great.
Well, that's cool.
Especially if there's trophy support.
That's cool and all, but what I would like to see is just my fucking games that I have in my library being able to be streamed over PlayStation Now.
Because I see Saints Row 4 on there, I see Saints Row 2, I see, you know, Darksiders.
And these are games you bought digitally.
These are games that I have, well, I didn't buy them, but they're games that they gave to me, you know, digitally, so...
Oh, oh, alright.
You know, Saints Row III are just all these different games on here.
I would love to be able to play those on my PlayStation 4 instead of having to, you know, break out the PlayStation 3 to play these games.
Since you obviously can stream that, and it's obviously tied to the PlayStation Network, so don't tell me you can't tell that,
oh, I'm sorry, our systems don't talk to each other, you know, we can't figure out what you purchased.
I would like to see some of that, that would be great.
But I would, I do also think that, you know, if you look at something like Netflix, where all the license and rights semantics aside,
because I know Netflix used to have more on it that they don't have because, you know, it's like an EA thing, right?
Where they wanted to go off and make their own thing.
But, you know, Netflix has now been enhanced with things like Orange is the New Black and, you know, kind of their own programming.
So I'm curious to see what Sony's going to enhance this with in the future.
Maybe right now this doesn't look like the most attractive deal, although again, I suppose it depends on what sort of PS3 games you're into.
I don't know, I have to admit, for 20 bucks, being able to play it on demand, eh, there is a lot in this list I think I could probably get 20 bucks worth out of at least for one month.
Would I do a continuing thing? Not right now, but I'd be very curious to see what Sony might do month to month to make people that jump on early on want to stay subscribed.
And that could even be things like exclusives.
I wouldn't shut the door on the fact that Sony might offer something exclusive to folks on PlayStation Now that maybe you can't get anywhere else.
That could be the PlayStation 1 and 2 games, because right now they're not selling 1 and 2 games on the PlayStation 4 save VIB, no, not even Vibram is on 4 yet.
You had to buy that on 3. So, it'd be interesting.
I don't know, I'm not jumping into this yet, because like I said, I've got my Steam library, and I've got libraries that are starting to get to the size of Steam on the PlayStation Network and Xbox Live Marketplace.
So, I just don't need extra games.
yyrinchat says, I think it's most worth it to people that never owned a PS3 or an Xbox 360.
It's worth noting that many of the subscription games are not PlayStation 3 exclusives.
He brings up a good point. There are a lot of people that kind of skipped the last generation or owned a Nintendo Wii in their household who might be PS4 owners now.
So, that's an interesting point. Could be a catch-up type of thing.
Brad from Pod Culture says, make it $15 a month, include Plus as a part of it, and I would be sold. More like an Amazon Prime model.
I don't think Sony would put it that low. I suppose anything's possible, but I like that idea of one package for both, and surely Sony's got to be thinking it too.
Like, what about a PlayStation Plus Plus? What would you call that? PlayStation Plus Gold, or PlayStation Plus Platinum, something like that.
Where maybe you have a Plus account that's further enhanced with this, that's a package deal. I'm sure that's something they've got to be thinking.
I just don't think it's ever going to get that low. I mean, it'd be great if it could. I'm just being realistic.
You know, no one would get me to maybe get in on that. They do their own version of, like, Game Room.
Oh, don't get me started. Don't get me started. Bad memories. Bad memories. I'm so upset. Alright, anyhow.
So, there you go. What if Nintendo did that, with all their virtual console games?
Oh my god, they should. Oh my god, they're sitting on a gold mine. They could totally do that, but then again, Nintendo's making pretty good money just selling piecemeal right now.
Well, yeah, they're selling ROMs for $5 a piece.
People aren't demanding it from Nintendo the same way they have been of Sony.
They do a little bit. I'm not saying people don't demand that from Nintendo, but Nintendo also doesn't have the streaming thing. That's the big difference.
PlayStation's now doing the streaming thing and is selling these individual stream games.
And so people, you know, because we all know Netflix and Amazon Prime and Hulu and all that stuff, people think, well, I'm used to paying one fee to access all that.
Why is PlayStation using a different model? So I think that's how Nintendo's been able to avoid it a little bit.
Even if Nintendo can stream a virtual console game, there's like a few megs.
Like on any internet, even crappy DSLers, it's like, okay, let's buffer that. Oh, done. Games downloaded.
I'm actually not disagreeing with you, but I also feel like there's more that Nintendo could do to virtual console that they're not doing, such as internet play.
I still do that because those are such low, you know, little itty bitty ROMs. I still, I don't know why this is not a thing.
And I've said this on the show before. Why don't you have games that are two player games that you can play against each other?
Like, I don't know, what are some big NES classics that were like head to head? Like the original Mario Brothers even, right? It was kind of a head to head game, right?
Why can't you have that where you're playing it on the TV and on the gamepad, you can see video of the person you're playing against?
How hard? Privacy.
Okay, but make it friends. You only get, make it, if you're playing with strangers, it's an avatar. And if you're playing with friends, it's video. Done.
No.
Why not?
I wouldn't want to be on video.
Who cares? It's fine.
Then shut it off. Make it optional. You don't have to stream video, but you can.
It's probably because they don't have a way to like, they don't have a very good system as far as being able to play with friends on things.
I mean, Mario Kart, I mean, they have it, it seemed like for me, at least on the Wii, because I don't have a Wii U, that it was very much like each game kind of handled that differently as far as being able to play with your friends.
So, maybe they just don't have a good system, or they don't have a system in place for that.
I mean, I don't think you can start up like a party like you can on PlayStation or Xbox.
Start up a party with people and they're okay, we're gonna launch, you know, this game.
We're gonna launch, you know, Mario Kart or something and it boots into that with everybody joining the game and, you know, all playing together.
YYR in chat says, don't worry, Nintendo will catch up to Xbox 360 PS3 as far as network features by the time the next generation of consoles is released.
I look forward to it.
YYR also says, hey kid, send me a friend code if you want to see my dick. I guess there's that.
But, I mean, at some point you have to put the onus for that not on the company, but on the predator.
And I understand that Nintendo had some issues with that and that's why they shut off PictoChat.
But at the same time, how hard is it, you know, hey kid, let me get your cell phone number and I'll text you pictures of my dick.
Or, hey kid, how about your Skype name? And, you know, we can look at dicks.
Yeah, in PictoChat, they have to draw pictures of their dick, so it was a little bit more difficult.
Well, you could actually send pictures in PictoChat, remember? Because I always used to send pictures of the cat.
No, that wasn't PictoChat. That was the other one, Swap Note.
Oh, sorry. Swap Note was the thing they disabled. That was the thing I missed.
Swap Note was awesome, and I sent 3D pictures of the cat all the time to my friend list.
But see, that's the thing though, it's like PictoChat. That was a brilliant, brilliant idea for, like, the DS.
Everybody at Expos, I went to her.
It's like this moment of brilliance, and then it's like they don't ever do anything with it.
It's just like, hey, this is a really great idea. Cool, keep having those.
I know, I know.
It's like, well, just don't stop now.
I know.
My point is, is that Nintendo, I understand Nintendo's really, really, really overcautious about, you know, their image in the media,
and they don't want the media reporting on these things about, like, you know, all these dicks we're seeing on a child's 3DS in the Swap Note application,
but it's like, well, check the kid's phone. It's probably there too. Check the kid's email.
I mean, unfortunately, we need to focus on getting this act of predators doing this to children to stop.
You know what I mean?
They're going to find a way to do it no matter what, you know, it's going to be cell phones or Nintendo.
That's not the core issue.
Maybe if people would stop supporting sensationalized news reporting.
There is that too. There is that too. Anyhow.
To register participation for this week's episode of Orange On Radio at vognetwork.com, use the passphrase IDEA.
Alright, let's move on. We've got to talk about some other things, and this is actually some pretty big news from Nintendo this week.
By the way, speaking of things Nintendo swore up and down they would never do, and now we're seeing them dip their toe in the water with this, kinda.
This was some very surprising, very big news that came out this week, and you might have missed it because it has to do with cell phone gaming.
You might have just glossed it over and not paid it any attention, but I'm telling you, this is huge.
There's a game series out there you may or may not have played. It's available on iPhones and Androids and all that.
It's called Puzzle and Dragons. I think this game's awful. I've tried playing it. I think it's stupid.
I think there's far better games out there on the mobile phones. I would rather play Trivia Crack, honestly, which is also kind of stupid.
That is a game I've also been playing this week, by the way. A lot of Trivia Crack. But it's a good micro game.
It's a good game you can play for five seconds, then move on, right? I'm not a big fan of Puzzle and Dragons, but I can't deny this game is huge.
It's kind of like Bejeweled meets Pokemon. I'm really oversimplifying it, but that's kind of what it is.
This game series is really big in Japan. Apparently, in some of the Asian regions, it's even bigger than it is here. It's a huge deal.
And GungHo is the company that actually creates this game. Well, GungHo has actually announced that there is going to be a Super Mario edition of Puzzle and Dragons.
It's going to be on the 3DS in Japan this April. But I still think there's something very interesting here, where you've got Nintendo partnering up with a company that is most well-known for cell phone gaming.
Granted, it's being made for the 3DS, but like I said, it's the big toe.
But they did something similar, though. It wasn't that. It was the Square Enix, almost like a Mario Party-type game. But they teamed up with them to do a version of that with Mario.
Now, as far as an American release, even though in the original announcement, GungHo America said it would be happening through Nintendo, a Nintendo spokesperson told another outlet that Puzzle and Dragons Super Mario Bros. Edition is a Japanese-only announcement.
So right now, the America release of this is still in flux.
Yeah, until they announce it at E3.
Right. The Match 3 game has local multiplayer and StreetPass functionality. By the way, the original Mobile Puzzle and Dragons has 6 million downloads in North America.
Wow, that's a lot.
Is it because it's free?
Yes, I'm sure.
Oh my god! There's 6 million downloads of a free game! That's unheard of! Oh, wait.
I'm one of those downloads and I deleted it a long time ago.
Yeah, of course. There's no way to lose in that scenario. You try it, you hate it, then you delete it. It's not that impressive.
Now, there has been a Puzzle and Dragons already released for 3DS. This Puzzle and Dragons Z that had 1.5 million units sold in Japan. That's still pretty good. This is the first time that they're involving the Mario stuff.
Just to say, Act F to say Fortune Street is the game you're trying to think of?
Yes, that was the game I was thinking of. Fortune Street.
And Rama says Puzzle and Dragons is pretty fun. They actually have a DC Comics version of that game. I guess that makes sense because Marvel has the Puzzle Quest thing, so it's DC lined up with somebody else. Very interesting.
So, we will see. Also, of note, apparently Nintendo's stock really liked, the investors really liked this news. The stock went way, way, way up at the end of the week this week after that announcement came up.
But, they're not making a mobile game. They're putting a mobile game onto the 3DS. That's dumb. That's like putting Angry Birds on the 3DS.
I think because people are looking at this going, Nintendo's partnering with a mobile phone company. If this game's successful, could the reverse happen?
They're not and they won't because there's been several mobile games that have been popular that have come to the 3DS and that's it. People will buy it because there's Mario in it. That's it.
I mean, you know, just like Angry Birds, still okay. Doodle Jump kind of. But, it's not news. If they were going to put out that version on mobile, that would be a big story. This is just kind of like, eh, whatever.
Well, it'll be interesting to see if that happens later on. I don't think it's outside the realm of all possibility and I think that's why investors are really taking to this news.
Is that if GungHo is going to be spending the time making this game, that perhaps it will be something on mobile devices. And that could be huge. Huge!
Because all we have Nintendo-wise on mobile devices right now is what? A Pokdex? Which, the Pokmon company is a second party, so it's a little different.
Yeah, they won't because it's going to cheapen their brand if they put it out as a free-to-play game. That's the way they see it.
Alright, well we will see what develops. I still think this is a pretty big news, all things considered.
DarkStalker, what do you have for us?
Well, I've been a little bit lax in some of my UK news as of late, so I do have something for our folks overseas.
The BBC is actually looking for developer studios to do video games based on some of its more popular series.
They are visiting a London Mobile Games event later on in this month to look for developers.
They want to do things for Doctor Who and Sherlock. They also are wanting to look into some of the past and future IPs as well.
They're going to be doing two breakfast sessions on Tuesday, January 20th and Wednesday, January 21st, both between 9 to 10 AM.
And they're informal, they just want to meet people, and it's going to be held at BBC Worldwide at 33 Foley Street, London.
So if any of our developer friends happen to be over there, let us know how that goes. We want to know.
I have something else for our British fans too.
What?
I need you all to vote for Michelle Visage to win Celebrity Big Brother.
Oh my god, Rob.
No, this is very important. I need you all to vote for Michelle Visage, and I know you all don't like Katie Hopkins, and I completely understand why,
but if she's the only one that's going to put that little celebrity blogger, I won't even say his name because it offends me,
if she's the only one that will put that guy in his place, then I think you should keep her around too, as disgusting as a lot of the stuff is that she says outside the house.
But at the end of the day, Michelle Visage should win.
Just a very important note, this is a life or death scenario that I need our British listeners to get involved with.
Rob. Rob.
What?
Rob. Rob. Rob.
What? What? Oh, oh, oh. You can all wank about Doctor Who and Sherlock and the potential games, but heaven forbid I bring up the British show I like and.
No, I was like, I was like, I want them to do a Top Gear racing game, but with like all of the commentary done by Jeremy What's His Face, because he's so dry and funny.
He'd like make comments like, you know, just how badly people drift and stuff. I just want nothing but a game of him shitting on the player.
Top Gear was a racing game. I used to love that game. It was on the Super Nintendo.
Then, of course, we talk about British narrators and I my mind, it goes instantly to Stephen Fry, who is also in the news this last week.
I'm sure you saw a little bit about that. That was that was interesting, although I don't think it's as big of a deal as people were making it out to be.
But whatever. Anyway, sorry, Jamie, I took a very legitimate game develop story and turn it into gossip, but, you know, it happens.
Let's move on with some more news, Loki.
So apparently the avatars on Xbox are going to be getting a makeover.
They're possibly going to be coming back, I guess, to the Xbox One.
And I don't know exactly. I guess they're going to show it off as part of like Windows 10 maybe.
And cool, I guess I saw my I have my 3D printed avatar.
So now that's not going to be accurate anymore.
I don't know. I don't know what I think about that.
And also, you know what, I'm kind of curious to see how that's going to look, because remember, I think they kind of showed something similar with was it Mass Effect three?
You know, like all the Mass Effect games got better and better.
But sometimes your character looked weirder and weirder as it like enhanced it.
If you know what I mean, because she's she's the one to ask about those mods and things like that.
That's pretty accurate. Like, you know, just like some of them I've seen, like, you know, hey, wait, I used to be a different skin color.
Oh, like how it would import look how big her eyes are.
Oh, yeah. The imports of your character from one into two were always awful.
And it's like Mike, like my character looked great in one. And then when I imported him into two, it was like, why is he so surprised?
And then why is like completely different for a lot of the subjects? They changed the they added more vertices in the facial structure.
I follow you now. Yeah. The import from game to game was horrible.
You were better off just recreating Shepard the way you wanted him or her to look in each game.
And I got to be honest, I got to be honest. You know what?
They're trying to make avatars a thing, but it's important and relevant. I'm so sorry.
I'm so sorry to interrupt. Important and relevant. The same thing is happening in World of Warcraft.
OK, because they took all the old characters. Right. And they they took like dwarves and humans and gave them new models. Right.
OK, I can tell you my character when they did that looks awful. Awful. Like, I hate the way she looks now.
I have to see if my character is any different.
Oh, so that's the one downside to these upgrades is that they're usually downgrades in high definition.
Yeah. Basically, they're saying that they're going to ensure that avatars are not only gorgeous, but also highly performant across a wide scale of devices and work with designers, animators and artists and blah, blah, blah.
You know, to be honest, any of the avatar kind of features I've seen didn't do a whole ton of the avatar stuff with the actual mainstream games.
I saw a lot of the stuff that supported avatars coming out of like the Xbox indie games.
Yeah, that's true.
And a lot of that seemed to be a little bit more interesting than, say, you know, the official stuff.
Yes, like the baby launching game that was on it. Wasn't it your avatar that was giving birth or something like that? Or were you the baby? I don't know.
I seem to remember avatars were in that baby launching game that was on the 360.
That's awesome, though.
Which next to Bungie ferret tossing is an all time great on the Xbox Live indie games.
There's lots of great indie games, but that's what I'm saying. I don't know.
I guess it's cool that they're coming back, but it's just it didn't really take off like the Miis did. And even the Miis are kind of stupid. Like, they shouldn't really upgrade those.
But the Miis are still around and they're very much used in a lot of the Nintendo games.
They're fighters in Smash Bros. Wii.
I understand that.
Or Smash Bros. for Wii U.
I understand that. And I would love to see an enhanced version, especially the ones where people make designs out of the parts to make different things on their faces and things.
Drawing penises and that kind of stuff. And then just having to try to translate that into something more realistic would be hilarious.
All right. Well, speaking of Nintendo and games that will probably incorporate the Miis one way or another.
Star Fox for Wii U is a thing, and they are saying it will be playable at E3 2015, which I extract from that means it won't be out any sooner in Japan or the US.
So those hoping for a spring release for Star Fox, haha, looks like it's going to be more like holiday.
Now, Miyamoto didn't talk a lot about what, you know, Star Fox outside anything that was already said at the last E3 and in between there.
But it will utilize both the Wii U gamepad and the TV.
I would think that Wii U gamepad would be like a radar. Would make sense? I don't know. I mean, I don't know. Again, we'll see.
They're going to fly with tilt controls.
We'll see. We'll see.
Now, Miyamoto was also asked, when will we get a new F-Zero game?
First off, thank you somebody for confronting him and asking him. I appreciate that.
So he punched him in the face and flipped him off.
No, that's not what happened. What happened, Miyamoto said, they need to find the right controller interface for the game.
Why? Does your controller have buttons? Yes. Does your controller have a joystick? Yes.
You have the right interface for F-Zero.
Yeah, considering Mario Kart 8 was not just, if you've been listening to OLR, Mario Kart 8 was not only my favorite Wii U game last year, it was my favorite game period last year.
So I have a hard time understanding why a driving game like F-Zero could not be done on the Wii U.
Wow, that's a whole ton of, that's like a big, you know, heaping snow shovel full of bullshit right there.
I agree. Look, I love Miyamoto, but that's a bullshit answer.
This is why I need to interview these people. Remember how I interviewed, remember when I was talking to James?
So what do you think about it in the groove? You know, that kind of stuff.
So are you going to make a new F-Zero? We need to find the right controller.
I'd be like, I'm sorry, that doesn't make any fucking sense.
When you spend all this money on your controller, it has a fucking screen.
And you wonder why you don't get asked to do interviews with Miyamoto.
What about, you know, your controller has buttons. What else do you want in there?
Do you need a pedal so I can cycle my car around?
I have two mindsets of this. I have two mindsets of this.
One, that answer I don't accept because aren't they selling F-Zero on Virtual Console, like the original?
So there is an F-Zero game on Wii U.
Now I understand, you probably want to argue with me, well it's different in the controls because it's just emulated.
Okay, yeah, yeah, yeah, I get that. But an F-Zero game exists on the Wii U, so you can't say it can't be done.
But here's the other thing I have with that, and that I think is the real answer.
I think, because obviously there is a successor to the Wii U being worked on right now,
and I'm not even talking about some of those other articles that have been around the internet this week and all that stuff.
It's just not only is Sony and Microsoft planning what's next, obviously Nintendo's planning what's next as well.
We all know that. So maybe something to do with controls, which certainly the same thing could be said about the Wii and the Wii U,
but maybe there's something else that Nintendo has in store for their next console,
that they're going to come out and have F-Zero as a launch title or as close to it,
that, oh, this was the better controls suited for F-Zero that Miyamoto was talking about a couple years ago.
Unless it's VR, I don't give a fuck what the hell he's talking about.
There's literally, unless part of the console is going to be that fucking cabinet that swivels around, I just don't care.
It doesn't make any sense that, oh, well, I'm sorry, we just don't have the right control scheme for that.
That makes no sense. That's, no. I'm sorry. I just don't buy that for a second.
YYR in chat with all caps says, the Wii U game pad literally has every control method ever conceived for use in a video game.
That is why I think what I just said there, the second half of that, I think that's what it is.
I think that there's not going to be an F-Zero on the Wii U because they're already planning it for the successor console,
which, to be fair, if the next Nintendo console is going to be equivalent of the PlayStation 4, Xbox One, and perhaps even a small step above in power,
I think a, you know, blow your panties off, F-Zero, HD, neon, flashy, high-speed game could be awesome.
I think Akdeft has the right idea here. Powerglow 2.0.
And maybe that's just it. Maybe that's it. Powerglow 2.0. That's what it is.
You're just going to, you're going to grab that fake steering wheel and it's so bad.
All right, well, we'll see. All right, moving on. Dark Sakura.
Well.
How would you control your eraser and F-Zero? Dark Sakura?
Telepathy.
Ah. Maybe that's the new Nintendo console. You're going to control it with your mind.
I think things and they happen.
I would, you know.
I am a biotic god.
Honestly, I mean, I guess it was sort of like, I forget the game because I never actually played that one when I'd go to, was it the Virtual World?
But they had the Mars Racing game or whatever that was kind of like that. But I always played the Battletech ones.
I kind of fear.
But one of those would be cool.
I kind of fear Dark Sakura's Telepathy F-Zero game, though, because I just worry that, you know, people are going to walk in and it's going to be like,
Rob, why, why whenever you play F-Zero is it just it's not even racing. The camera's just panning around Captain Falcon's butt the whole time.
What is?
That wouldn't be me. No, no, no, no, no. That wouldn't. I'm not the Captain Falcon fangirl.
You'd be, you would walk in the house and be, I was thinking that, too.
For me playing that game, it would actually be telling other people how awful they drive and get off my road.
Coming to the Nintendo Wii U 2.
Dark Sakura's aggressive driver.
You need to play Grand Theft Auto 5. You can flip people off in the game.
When you're driving by.
But I don't like the Grand Theft Auto games.
You just haven't played the right one yet.
All right. Anyway.
You mean any of them?
Dark Sakura, sorry to derail you. Not sorry.
Pfft. Bitch. Okay.
Rob. Rob. Rob. Rob. Rob. Rob. Rob. Rob.
What?
Hearts.
So 3D Afterburner 2 is going to be coming out on Nintendo 3DS.
Yay.
On January 15th. Yay.
Thanks Sega for giving us a release date.
It's in the second batch of 3D classics.
Among others, we have 3D Fantasy Zone, 3D Outrun, 3D Fantasy Zone 2, and 3D Thunder Blade.
Which means I will have these.
Because. Fantasy Zone.
Fantasy Zone is the best Sega game ever.
I thought Space Harrier was the best Sega game ever.
What is my favorite 3 order of games?
Uh. The Guardian Legend.
Space Harrier.
Uh. Mass Effect.
Garrett.
Fantasy Zone.
And then Space Harrier.
I was going to say Final Fantasy 7.
No.
But only the scene where Aerith gets stabbed. Over and over again.
Did you see what got put on my Facebook?
Yes.
It was the Aerith sword sharpener.
Yes I did.
I need one of those for real.
I did.
They just need to make those.
I want someone to get like the little guy who is like the knife holder and have it be turned into Aerith.
So Dark Sakura talking about Afterburner. I have it.
And this is how F-Zero can fit in the picture too. You ready?
World exclusive here on Orange Lounge Radio.
I have deduced based on Miyamoto's comments and Dark Sakura's mouth.
I have deduced. Because she has telepathy powers. Remember?
I have deduced.
It's because I'm psycho and have ESPN.
I have deduced what it will be on the Wii U too. You ready? You ready?
It's going to be a chair.
And the chair can go 360 degrees.
Just like the Afterburner cabinets. Right?
Where you can flip upside down.
And the F-Zero cabinets. Which were badass.
It's going to be a chair that will flip upside down and drop you on your ass.
Can we get like a long winded Peter Molyneux video where they're talking about,
you know, up until now we've never considered about the crucial aspect of playing video games.
Wait a minute. Wait a minute. Wait a minute. Where is he?
Where is Peter Molyneux right now?
Because somebody needs to check and make sure he's not in Nintendo headquarters.
And if he's there, he needs to be removed from the building.
He needs to be against a white backdrop.
Because, you know, it's just like him talking with his name in the bottom there.
Just talking about how essential the chair is.
I don't know. It's just...
It's going to be something stupid.
It's going to be like, we came up with this brand new controller.
You take this little, you know, it's a ball on a string and you swing it around to go faster and you move it.
It's going to be crap.
It's going to be crap.
If Peter Molyneux is in a partnership with Nintendo, I will shut off the press conference.
Because, you know, I ain't getting invited. So I will shut off the press conference.
When he walks up, I'll just shut it off.
I hope that they would do a new, like, Virtual Boy.
But, I don't know, VR...
But, see, that's the one thing.
It's like, if you wait too long, people are just going to do it better.
Alright, we'll see.
Alright, let's travel around the world and check out some release dates.
Although, I think, again, we're in a slow period of the year.
There's probably not a lot to talk about.
Let's check in anyway and see what will be released in a store near you soon.
Nothing.
Nothing in the US this week.
Yeah, unfortunately not until, I think, the end of this month.
Unless, you know, I haven't seen any new announcements of things.
But, yeah, I don't think anything is coming out of here physically until, like, the 27th.
Well, believe it or not, it's a pretty similar story over in Japan.
There are some releases coming up on the 20th of January.
But that's not this week.
Oh, wait, no, I lied.
There is one release I found for this week.
You ready?
It's Bioshock Infinite, the complete edition for the PlayStation 3 in Japan.
That is out on the 15th of January.
So, there's one game to look forward to this week.
Which is really just a repackaging of a game that's been out for a while.
Actually, it's not the 27th, it's the 20th.
And that would be that Saints' Rogue, Gad out of Hell.
Which I am totally interested in playing.
Despite the fact that the last two Saints' Rogue games pissed me off.
Because they weren't as good as they could have been.
But I still will play everything and support the franchise because I'm stupid.
Oh, one other game.
There is one other game in Japan this week.
Hooray, on the 15th.
On the 3DS this week, Kenka Banchao 6, Soul and Blood.
And this seems like one of those... I don't know what the hell kind of game this is.
It's like a fighting, manga, sim...
I like how that guy had laser eyes.
I think it's based on a series over there though.
Because obviously it's the sixth game.
But there's a scene where they're playing volleyball.
And I'm like, is this Top Gun? What is this?
What is it? Tennis? And then they fight each other.
That's interesting.
Well, that's how...
War's gotten a whole lot more dramatic.
That's right. Dark Soccer, how about the UK?
Nothing this week. I'll go ahead and do next week.
On 19th of January we have Black Guards 2 for PC.
And on the 23rd, Saints Row, get out of hell.
On a bunch of shit.
Alright. First big, big release of the year.
Alright, just a couple more stories for you guys.
So Captain Toad Treasure Tracker is not a big release then, huh?
That was bumped up and actually came out a little sooner.
Yeah, it came out on the 8th.
But no, I think it was bumped up sooner.
I think they ended up getting it at the end of December.
I don't think it actually... I think it came out actually sooner than January.
I think. I could be wrong.
It could be.
But we had it in the States a long time ago.
So we always do. So whatever.
You know what? Everybody in the UK, I will trade places with you.
You can come over here and get your games early.
And I can live somewhere with free healthcare.
Why don't you just go to Canada?
It's a lot closer.
Poutine.
Alright, now you're weighing the options.
Alright, just a couple more stories for you guys in the classic game of the week.
But first, Loki.
So apparently, originally it was thought that there was a leak to when Kingdom Hearts 3 would be coming out.
According to Bill Farmer, who does the voice acting for Goofy in the game.
He said that the game was due out in 2015.
However, Square Enix went to correct saying there was a goof.
The release date for Kingdom Hearts 3 remains unannounced.
It's coming out next year. Come on.
I mean, it's probably coming out next year.
But they just haven't announced it yet.
And see, they didn't say it wasn't coming out.
They just said it remains unannounced.
I don't think it is coming out next year.
I think Final Fantasy XV is their tentpole for next year.
That's cool. I'm down with that.
I'd rather play Final Fantasy XV.
I think XV is going to make it next year, finally.
And then I think Kingdom Hearts 3 is 2016.
Why would they dump both the same year?
That's a lot of Square power for a year.
I mean, hey, if they do it, I will be very happy.
But it just seems like XV, especially with XV having a demo coming out in April,
seems to be a lot more ready for prime time than Kingdom Hearts 3,
which we've seen very little out of.
I mean, yes, I understand there's voice acting and all this other stuff.
But this guy, who knew?
It might have been like a side story thing that's going to end up coming out.
Like a prequel movie to the game or something that might come out.
And just because he thinks it's due out in 2015,
just because he doesn't know too much about the development
aside from that he's done his voice acting and that's it.
I mean, there's a lot of stuff that could be delayed for various reasons.
So I would say that it's definitive.
And blanketing 2015, that's still very plausible
because it could come out at the end of the year.
You could have Final Fantasy come out in the summer
and then have Kingdom Hearts for fourth quarter or something.
We'll see, we'll see.
All right, well, one more story for you guys here for this first half of the show.
And this is about Loki's favorite character, Tingle.
And we almost had a Tingle resurgence this past year, apparently,
because Hyrule Warriors, the team that made that game,
they wanted to put Tingle in the game.
Tecmo Koei actually wanted to put Tingle in the game.
But Eiji Aonuma said no.
Include a different character besides Tingle.
And the quote,
Actually, Tingle was a character we kind of considered and sort of went back and forth on.
We really wanted to include him, but Mr. Aonuma suggested that it might be good to include some other character.
Well, that's sad.
Why not both?
Porque no los dos? Why not both?
I just don't understand why they...
...resources, blah, blah, blah.
It would have been funny to do him, like, all realistic.
Just have, like, some guy in, like, you know, tights or whatever, just fighting.
But he kind of has, like, the Tingle...
And Loki volunteers to do the mocap.
Yeah, that's not gonna happen.
I wonder if this means, uh, what this could mean for Tingle's presence or lack thereof in the Wii U version of the game.
Oh, you'll get a new Tingle game before you'll get a new F-Zero game.
Oh, fuck you. All right.
That was cold.
Hey, I don't like it any more than you, okay?
All right. You know what? Let's travel back to a time when this was all a little bit simpler.
There was no arguing for characters to be in or not in certain games.
You just took what you got and that was it. There was no internet forum to complain about it on.
It's the classic game of the week.
Every week Dark Sakura steps into the gaming vault and finds a game where she thinks,
Hey, you should be playing this. And if you're not, well...
Then get a PC Engine.
That's right. Get a PC Engine so you can play it. There's a big hit. Dark Sakura.
What is this week's classic game of the week?
It is a semi-little known game called Psychic Storm.
It came out, um, in 1992. It was put out by Telnet Japan and Alpha System.
It was a super CD-ROM too, so you can play it on an American Turbo Duo.
First of all, Psychic Storm is really just a basic virtual, not virtual, vertical shooter.
It starts in a place called New Hong Kong City where there are these insect-like aliens trying to take over.
And so the people who they have to get to pilot these...
They're kind of like ships, but they're kind of buggy too.
This would have been perfect for the bug theme, I guess.
But they're psychically bonded to their ships.
They have Alex who has the Vulcan Gun Laser, Char with the Psycho Shell,
Joe has a short-ranged Hell Flame, and Natasha has the Ion Laser, which she was always my favorite to play.
They also can transform. So Alex can turn into a huge butterfly or something.
They get a bunch of, you know, enemies will drop power-ups. It's the usual type of thing.
Some orbs can actually bring back your... fill up your life bar, that type of thing.
You also have, of course, bombs that you have to use very, very sparingly.
And of course it has two-player simultaneous mode where you can actually combine your transformations.
And transformations are what I'm getting into now.
With your transformations, they actually can take up to 15 seconds to do your transform.
And the game actually gives you time to do them, but in some cases, as I found out the first time I played the game,
if you pull off a transformation on a boss battle at just the right time, you can actually completely avoid the boss battle and just kill it by transforming.
So basically, you do a Sailor Moon dance and the boss is impressed to death.
Sorry, I popped my neck.
It also, you know, they've got the different weapons and then they have their different psychic attacks that, you know, take over the whole screen.
Although one of them... back when we first played this game, my husband thought they said, I get pissed off.
It actually said Psychic Storm, but my husband thought they said, I get pissed off.
So from then forward, this game be called...
Because they sound so similar.
Well, it was the accent.
I know.
But since then, my husband has referred to this game as, I get pissed off.
It really is, I mean, as far as shooters go, I'd have to say it's pretty generic except that the level and character designs are actually really neat.
And it has a pretty decent soundtrack.
I mean, it actually follows along some different genre.
And I sadly do not have too much more actual information about this game or its release because I couldn't find anything.
I found very little.
But... so a lot of actually what I am giving you is just from having played the game.
It does have some little elements of very bad voice acting in it, as in badly recorded voice acting.
But I'd have to say that it's probably a solid... I'd give it a solid 8 out of 10 if I were going to rate it.
It's a fun game. It's good to sit down and put an hour into it and beat the game.
It's not super, super difficult.
But it's got enough challenge in it to keep it interesting.
So, I mean, it's no spriggin' but, I mean, if you're looking at PC Engine games.
But Psychic Storm is a really good solid game.
And they get pissed off.
Alright.
There it is. Your classic game of the week.
Psychic Storm, or I get pissed off on the PC Engine.
PC Engine Duo.
Considering there was a lot of people last week who absolutely recognized the classic game of the week.
In fact, I think you saw a few tweets on it, like, I love that game and so forth.
You kind of went from something very well known to something probably very few people have even played.
You know, if I don't do something obscure every so often, I cease to be a mess of myself.
That is part of the charm of the classic game of the week segment.
Well, I've done games that, like, you only know them if you're a collector.
Sure.
And some games I've done, I think, are games that are on my wish list.
I do have this game, though. I do legit have this game.
Alright. Well, maybe for a future game stream at some point we'll check this out, like this guy's doing.
I have to hook up the streaming stuff and then get the PC Engine out of storage.
And then find the game again.
Dig it all up.
Alright, there it is. Your classic game of the week.
Psychic Storm on the PC Engine.
Very good pick from Dark Soccer.
I could actually re-crap now. I forgot the name of that emulator that I used to play.
That I could play my turbo games on.
Alright, don't go crazy now.
Alright, we're going to take a break, guys, though.
When we come back with more of Orange Lounge Radio, we've got more news for you guys.
The Fugu Question of the Week. Some news about Nintendo quitting the market.
Alright, at least in one part of the world we'll talk about what that's all about.
When we come back with more of Orange Lounge Radio, right after this.
Welcome back, everybody, to Orange Lounge Radio.
Live on this Sunday night, January the 11th of 2015.
Episode number 583 of our show in progress.
A reminder, no show next week.
584 will be here in two weeks.
During the break, Loki's showing me what he had put together so far for his Game Jam project.
Kind of his concept for the start of the game.
It looks fine. I see where some of that stuff is bugging you.
Like when you... I don't want to spoil things.
But you can definitely see that stitching in the world map that was bugging you crazy.
I don't care about it anymore yet. It's not so bad.
It's buggy. It's part of the atmosphere.
Now that maybe some of these other people have freed up,
not working on their games as much now because they're done,
you should see if you get any help.
I'm okay. I can do it. It's a sick start.
You're such a boy. You won't stop and ask for directions.
If I need help, I will. Otherwise, I'm just going to look up the answer.
That's the only way we'll learn how to do it.
If I look up the answer or figure it out myself.
Yeah, fair enough.
Alright, let's get into some rapid fire news.
Also in this segment, of course, the FUGO Question of the Week,
our mailbag coming up, the FUs of the Week,
and your phone calls at 1-877-GAMO-LR
or our username on Skype, OrangeLoungeRadio.
But not yet. We've got a few segments to get to before we get to calls.
Let's do some rapid fire news, starting off with Loki.
Alright, so there's a small rumor that the GTA 5 PC retail copies won't be Steam compatible,
although I think that's a bunch of bullshit.
Apparently, this is coming from a NeoGaf user.
Or they said that they...
Well, that's credible.
No, I'm sorry. I thought it was from the user.
It's actually they were talking about...
It's like, how many references deep is this?
Anyways, somebody says that a listing on Green Man Gaming
says that it has the other DRM logo on the GTA 5 page.
What the thought is, though, is that it's not actually other DRM.
It's just that it's tied in with Rockstar Social Club,
so you kind of need a Social Club account.
But they're saying that they have to log into their Rockstar Social Club account,
and it won't be able to integrate with Steam,
which doesn't make any sense to me,
because I know that, granted, out of four,
you have to log in with your Social Club account,
and that works just fine.
And also, Max Payne 3, hello,
that also had Rockstar Social Club,
so that whole argument gets thrown out the window.
I think, honestly, it's going to have Steam support,
and it'll be just fine.
It wouldn't make any sense that they'd be selling versions of it on Steam
and not sell it at retail,
which is basically going to be a Steam key anyway,
so it doesn't make any sense.
But whatever, that's what they're reporting,
so we'll see in a couple weeks here when it comes out on the 27th.
Now, of course, with any release of Saints Row,
they always do some lavish pre-order incentive or special editions,
so they have a version of the game that's going to be coming with a Ouija board.
They're calling it Ouija, but it's a Ouija board.
I think the actual name Ouija, like O-U-I, is trademark.
Yeah, it's Hasbro.
But, yeah, so you can get that with a special edition that's available at Game, I guess.
So you can talk to your friends in hell, or make some new ones.
Exactly.
Through the power of...
How is a Ouija board powered by the spirits, I guess,
through the spirits that live in your bedroom and watch you touch yourself at night?
They want to make contact with you.
Please stop touching yourself at night.
I don't want to see that anymore.
But, yeah, you can get that.
There's basically...
It doesn't say what the price is of it, but it looks cool.
I guess, apparently, if you...
There's a contest that goes along with it.
If you take a picture of yourself using the Ouija board,
then you would be able to win a night on a haunted...
Or was it a tour on a haunted town or something like that
with some UK spirit medium guy?
Maybe they'll make one out of rubber called the squeegee board.
The squeegee board? Yeah.
Great for washing windows and contacting the dead.
And that should be coming out next week on the 20th in North America
and the 23rd internationally.
I, on the other hand, am not playing on buying a special edition.
I will pick up the version that's on PlayStation 4
because I've only beaten the game three or four times already.
And, and, seriously, what the fuck?
I've played the game over 40 hours
and yet I don't have the achievement for playing it over 40 hours.
That's a long time.
That's not a long time.
And it's just not giving it to me, whatever.
And anyways, there's another big game right around the corner
and that's Witcher 3 Wild Hunt.
And they've released the PC specs for the game.
So if you're looking to see what, you know,
if your computer can run it, and I was trying to figure out if mine can,
I don't, eh, might be able to, I don't know.
Then you can check it out and see if it'll run on your system.
But looks like rather modest specs.
So, cool.
That's it.
Alright.
I guess, I upgraded my computer just last year,
so I'm thinking Witcher 3 won't be a problem for me.
No, no, they're basically...
Other people may have some issues.
The minimum they're saying that you need a Core i5 2500K
and then, what is it?
They're saying AMDY is a Phenom 2 X4940,
which I have no fucking clue how long I sold.
Some people are going to be left out in the cold with those specs.
I know my graphics card can run that
because it's higher spec than what the minimum is.
As far as the high end, though, not so much.
Well, let's talk about the awesome games done quick marathon.
I don't know how many of you guys watched any part of that.
I unfortunately didn't watch any of it.
Oh my gosh.
I know, I wanted to.
A lot of it's on YouTube.
I just haven't got a chance to yet.
I will watch it.
The Ocarina bit last night was a great finale.
They were still streaming some this morning too, but just like random stuff.
Yeah, they do like a little extended finale, I think.
Yeah, some of the Hoard House guys like Extrofer gets really into that.
Shane was getting into it this year.
A lot of my friends on Twitter get into that.
Flaco.
Yeah, definitely Flaco.
It's all for a good cause.
It was all for the Prevent Cancer Foundation.
They ended up raising, just to conclude this year,
since it is over now, they have actually raised over $1.1 million.
My understanding is last check, it was actually up to $1.3 million.
I wonder if it even got higher because, you know, there's still,
thanks to the YouTube and the Humble Bundle, there's still some figures,
I think, coming in.
So I'm not sure what they're at now.
Did I buy the Humble Bundle?
I don't even remember now, but I probably should buy it.
Oh my gosh, I just looked just now.
They're up to $1.5 million as of right this moment.
No, it's over.
I've missed out on a bunch of games I already have.
Whoops.
Whoops at you.
That's all right.
I had pretty much everything in the bundle.
That's why I didn't buy it right away.
But it was for charity.
Yeah, but I don't, how many copies of games do I need, really?
All right.
Well, congrats to the great, what a great way to kick off the year.
A bunch of people that really, really love those games.
Doing a good thing for charity.
Let's carry that tone throughout 2015, please,
and none of the fuckery that brought down last year, please.
So congrats to the awesome games done quick, guys.
Let's talk about Far Cry 4, which is not being handled as quick.
There's some issues, apparently, with Far Cry 4 and the Xbox One.
Apparently, there was some rumors out there that DRM issues
were causing legitimate digital copies of Far Cry 4 to stop functioning.
Apparently, the game at one point was delisted,
although Microsoft says the delisting was an accident.
Microsoft quickly fixed it.
But some players were complaining of issues,
even after they had deleted and redownloaded the game,
that the game basically wasn't working.
So some folks were thinking,
oh, the delisting was to fix whatever the issue was,
although Microsoft, in a statement, says that the problems
had nothing to do with any sort of hidden DRM,
but there is no explanation as to what really happened.
They say, as far as the DRM goes,
quote, if customers own the rights to a game,
they can visit their download history and initiate a redownload
whenever they please, even if the game has been delisted from the Xbox Store
and is no longer available for purchase,
which is pretty much a canned answer that has nothing to do with a specific scenario.
Lastly, since we've been talking about game jams and dev stuff,
Steam Dev Days was happening about a year ago at this time,
but there was no second year.
It did not happen this year. It's not happening.
Basically, a representative from Steam saying,
quote, Steam Dev Days was a great way to brief a large number of Steam developers.
This year, our focus will be a bit different,
so we're planning a larger than usual presence at GDC.
So there will not be a Steam Dev Days this year,
but we will certainly consider doing it again in the future.
So, you know, last year, Steam also had the Steam Box thing,
which never did end up coming out. I guess they'll be coming out this year.
But they had the whole Steam Dev Days to go with that.
This year, it sounds like they're going to be kind of rolling that over into GDC this year,
which, by the way, there is rumor that Steam will unveil the finalized Steam controller design.
It's been early stuff.
But the finalized design will show up in March at the Game Developers Conference.
March is going to be a very interesting month,
because you have literally GDC and PAX East at the same time.
They do overlap a little bit this year,
as opposed to being really close to each other as they were in years past.
So, there you go.
We'll see what comes out of GDC in just a couple months.
Even though we don't usually get the big game announcements like you get at E3,
there's usually a little something here and there as far as,
here's a new something that developers will have to work with.
So we'll see.
DarkSakura, what do you have for us?
A few things.
There is actually a notice for Steam.
Double Dragon Trilogy is going to be on Steam,
and good old games.
So those should be up on January 15th.
But ask yourself, do you really want to play Double Dragon 3?
Do you really?
Because I bet you don't.
I've already got it.
I don't know, ask Dan. He's the one who plays it.
Also now, Thetrthym Final Fantasy Curtain Call is getting Xenogears DLC.
So you can get all of your Xenogears music stuff on that you would ever, ever want to.
And then, last but not least, Elder Scrolls Arena is going to be free on PC.
You just go to elderscrolls.com slash arena,
and you can download it for free.
For free.
You can check out where all the lore upon lore upon lore in Skyrim and Oblivion and all that came from.
Yup.
Know your roots.
There it is.
Hitstun, what do you know about the Double Dragon Trilogy, arcade or NES versions?
My thought is it's arcade.
I think so.
Because a different company developed the NES versions.
So it's the arcade versions.
And the iOS versions, and I think it's on Android too, are based on arcade.
It's just a port of the mobile phone stuff for PC.
I think.
That's what I was getting from what I was reading anyway.
Alright, well let's see what I get in reading your responses to the FUGL Question of the Week.
Every week we ask a question of our Facebook and Google communities.
You put those words together, you get FUGL.
And we ask our communities a question each week and read some of our favorite answers here on the air.
Although this week's question being pretty short, I think we'll get a lot of answers in tonight.
And since the news is a little bit light this week, I thought we'd do some more talk about the year,
kind of looking forward to what's going on.
So we asked the listeners this week,
although some of the biggest releases of 2015 will surely be revealed at upcoming expos and conferences,
like the E3, the GDC, the PAXes and so forth,
we want to know what game at the moment are you most looking forward to in 2015?
Starting on Google Plus tonight, Rettertainment says,
I'm most looking forward to hearing anything about The Last Guardian.
Failing that mirrors edge.
Act Deft responded, Kirby and the Rainbow Curse.
But if I have to pick something not Kirby, Splatoon.
This game looks really interesting and I really want to see how Nintendo makes this work.
Also, Overwatch is another game I really want to try out.
Prince Peach Fuzz over on Google Plus says,
Metal Gear Solid 5, with a little exclamation point,
meaning we caught his attention apparently with that question.
Let's see, looking at some of the answers over on Facebook.
There's a lot of answers on Facebook.
Monty Boggs says,
After playing the Halo 5 beta, it's become my most anticipated game at the moment.
Let's see, Andy R. said,
IAVT Colorful, it's a rhythm game coming to the Vita,
featuring one of the newer Vocaloids, IA,
which is like Hatsune Miku is a Vocaloid.
Ursa Being Slurpy said,
It's a tie between Witcher 3 and The Division.
AZHP says,
Metal Gear Solid 5, I replayed Metal Gear Solid 2 and 3 on the HD collection.
I was reminded how crazy and dumb that game series is,
with regards to story and weird easter eggs.
I can't wait to see what Kojima has done this time.
Fifth Dream says,
Final Fantasy Type 0 HD is what I'm waiting for most.
Cial says,
Bravely Second.
Renji221 says,
Right now I'd have to say Batman Arkham Knight from the gameplay they've shown so far.
Guillermo R. says,
If the new Zelda decides to show up in 2015, then that's it for me.
Oh, and Final Fantasy XV, with the demo coming out March,
it should come out before the year is over, right?
Am I stupid to hope it'll actually get finished?
If you are, Guillermo, then call me stupid right there with you.
Tigerclaw says,
There are many games coming out this year,
but I think two of my most anticipated games have to be the new Star Fox on Wii U
and Batman Arkham Knight.
Last but not least,
Red the Haze says,
Yakuza 5.
I know it's an older PS3 game,
but I love how you have a gritty gangster crime drama,
with a teen girl idol who has random dance battles with people as combat.
Dance battles are made by the people who make the Hatsune Miku Project D.Va games.
That does sound awesome, actually.
I think Yakuza is a series I'd like to see.
Yakuza is a series I really need to get into that I haven't been playing enough of.
Clearly, if that's what the series is all about.
That's not what the series is all about.
They just do some silly things from time to time.
I'm okay with silly things from time to time.
How about you guys?
Most anticipated games of 2015?
I would like to see, basically, a Crackdown.
That looks awesome.
I would like to see No Man's Sky.
As far as beyond that, it's whatever else we haven't heard of yet.
I'd love to try out a virtual reality thing,
whether it be the Oculus Rift,
or if it's the Morpheus,
or something else.
That would be kind of fun.
That's what I'm more interested in is the VR stuff,
what they're going to do with that.
But yeah, Crackdown.
I've got to have some Crackdown.
That might be a thing, because that's something that
Microsoft really pimped out last year,
so I would assume this E3, they're going to show the gameplay.
Well, even Quantum Break looked pretty awesome.
That's true, that's still a thing.
Check that out.
I don't remember what Sony had, aside from Uncharted,
but I just don't care about that series.
So I don't remember what else they had.
Street Fighter V, which obviously is more Capcom,
but there was a bunch of stuff there.
I know they had tons of E3, I just don't remember.
The show was huge, too.
I still don't remember what...
Honestly, I'm more interested...
The order is right around the corner.
That doesn't look that great.
I'm more interested in the stuff that they haven't talked about yet.
Like, hey, Saints Row 5.
And let's have a good Saints Row 5,
because I don't know what the fuck they could possibly do now
with Saints Row, aside from time travel.
I think it's hit the peak of ridiculousness
that it could possibly hit.
DarkSakura, what about you?
What's your most anticipated game of 2015?
I honestly don't know.
Probably more Dragon Age DLC.
Well, I was gonna say...
Silent Hills.
Oh, Silent Hills. That's a good one.
Oh, I can't believe none of our listeners said that.
But then again, there's no guarantee it'll be this year, right?
I don't care.
PT Part 2.
I actually...
Well, I was gonna say, DarkSakura, I may be helping you with an answer.
I'm hopeful that Mass Effect Don't Call It 4 is this year.
Yeah, but I'm really trying not to get my hopes up, so...
I would think no later than Spring 2016.
I don't want my hopes to get up and then have my heart broken.
I understand, I understand.
Save that if we can't have more info on Mass Effect Don't Call It 4.
Final Fantasy XV for me, which some of the other listeners already said.
I definitely...
And I'm of the mindset that that'll be this year.
I don't wanna play Pretty Boy Road Trip the game.
Pretty Boy Road Trip is one very small part of a much larger game.
I know, I know.
I think we're focusing too much on that.
Huh. You alright?
Yeah, I just...
There was something I did have on a list, but for the life of me, I cannot remember what it is right now.
What about going to our chatroom over at live.vognetwork.com
Tigerclaw says, what about Battlefront 3?
Do you think that'll come out this year?
You know when I first looked at that, I thought it said Battle Toads.
That's a huge rumor.
Battlefront 3 will come out when Star Wars comes out.
They're gonna time it with that release, I'm guessing.
Zelda also would be another one.
Or Zelda Wii U. Did anybody say Zelda Wii?
Oh no, I think we did have at least one or two listeners that said that.
That might be one.
Absolutely, Zelda Wii U. I can't wait to see more on that.
Especially if they're going the Skyrim route with it.
Isn't that the second thing, a DLC coming for Mario Kart 8 sometime soon?
Oh yeah, the Animal Crossing.
March, I think, is when that's due.
Why is it so long? I mean...
I think they just wanna stretch it out as long as they can.
That's ridiculous.
I know, a little silly.
Maybe that's around the time they're going to announce an Animal Crossing Wii U game.
Maybe.
Or...
That's the time that they're gonna release more Amiibos
that are gonna coincide with the DLC.
Ah, maybe.
So right around the time they'll have Animal Crossing Amiibos
they go along with, you know,
Animal Crossing and Mario Kart.
We'll see.
Alright.
Let's get back into some news.
And your calls in a little while here at 1877 Game OLR.
But first, we've got a little bit of news to get through.
Loki.
Yes, Nintendo has decided to end distribution of its hardware and software in Brazil.
They're saying due to the high import tariffs.
And starting January 2015,
Gaming do Brazil,
a wholly owned subsidiary of...
I'm not even gonna pronounce that.
It's not.
It's not.
It's not.
It's not.
It's not.
Yeah, and I'm just gonna save a video.
I'm not even gonna pronounce that, too hard for me.
stands at home
We'll no longer distribute products in Brazil.
And despite the changes in Brazil,
There'll be a distributor for
There'll be a distributor for Latin America
And will be remaining, committed to the brand
and the region.
So, kind of sucks.
But, I guess, you know,
They're saying it's just so ridiculous
you know, At the price of systems
it's like several thousand...
over a hundred dollars more than what it is in other places.
Yeah, apparently the fees are really high.
I'm hearing they have a lot of problems
with the digital distribution network there, too.
Like, it doesn't work with any of the banks
in Brazil.
So, I guess, like, there's no eShop content
like at all in Brazil.
Which, you know, is a huge source of money
for Nintendo, probably even more so
in other territories.
Where it might be harder to just walk into a GameStop
and get a game.
So, that's probably another strike
against why Nintendo is ceasing
operations in Brazil.
I would love to hear, you know, I know we have listeners throughout the world
so, you know, it's hard for us to sit here
and comment what's going on in another country
but if you happen to be in Brazil
and have any insight on this, let us know.
Because I know we used to have a guy in Argentina
and in Chile that listened.
I think he's kind of moved on
to other things now, but I'm hoping maybe
we've got some other people in South America
who might give some insight as to what's going on.
So...
Let's see, looking in our chatroom
over at live.vognetwork.com
Act F saying eShop isn't available in Brazil
as far as I know. Dungeon Buster says
Brazil's tariffs are nuts.
Apparently on launch, a Playstation 4 was
$1800 because of taxes.
Yeah, it's a little nuts.
It's not going to lead to good business in the country, that's for sure.
Alright, well let's move on to this.
You know, this is kind of big news
and I'm not seeing a lot of people talk about this
but I think this is kind of big because you know
last year we had a lot of
run-ins with Let's Plays
and the legality of that
and what is acceptable on
YouTube and so forth. You might remember
Nintendo got into a lot of these issues and so on.
Well Microsoft this week
coming out with kind of a clarification
on their policy on
how they view the Let's Plays
and the streams and all this other stuff.
So with Microsoft's new policy
you will now have, if you're
a content creator such as me
or what have you, any of you other folks
that do Twitches or YouTubes, you have a
quote, personal, non-exclusive, non-
sub-licensable, non-transferable,
revocable, limited license to use
things like gameplay footage, screenshots
and music. But as long
as you don't
do any, you know, you can't
promote bad things
in your stream like piracy and all that stuff
and do offensive content.
Also what else is interesting
is that you are not able to
profit off the content created
except for
YouTube and Twitch ads
which is the most common
way that folks are making money off of it.
So I'm assuming what they don't
want you to make money off of is more like the
you know, whatever the product placement or other
other things outside of the ads
that you may come across.
You can't sell or otherwise
earn any compensation from your item
including through advertisements in the item.
You can't charge money in exchange
for your item posted on a site that requires
a subscription or other fees to view
the item or posted on a page
you use to sell other items or services
even if they have nothing to do with the
game content or Microsoft. You also
can't use game content in an
app that you sell in an app store which
makes it so like if you're a let's play
you can't make an app that
is all your content on iOS and make
money off that if it's Microsoft stuff.
But you are able to do YouTube
and Twitch which is kind of the most common thing
that most people are into as well.
Now even though this is for
Microsoft Studios and the things that
are Microsoft, it does
exclude Minecraft because
Mojang does their own thing
even though there was the purchase
with Microsoft buying them
Minecraft has their own set of rules
from 2013 that are still in effect.
And if you are curious
Red vs. Blue which is created by
Rooster Teeth, they have a separate agreement
with Microsoft that is
between them.
There you go. If you're
curious for more information about how that
all works, xbox.com
slash en dash us
slash developers slash rules
or I'm sure if you Google
Xbox game content usage rules
I'm sure you can find much more
about this. So there you go.
What do you think about that? What do you think about Microsoft's
rules? It's
nice that they put it out there so that
at least there's something that
say there ever was a copyright
strike you'd be like
refer to this type of thing.
Kind of
like how they have with Minecraft.
But
I don't know. I think it's fair.
I don't see that. I don't think that's
a really bad thing and I think Nintendo
they had something where it was kind of
hey, do what you want now.
I mean, at least
it's tricky. Like where is
the balance? Where is the balance with this stuff?
And I think they're trying to find a decent balance
between like okay, you can make a little
bit of money off of it but you can't be like
keeping things behind locked doors and
selling subscriptions of stuff that's based off
things we made. But a little light
ad revenue like the YouTube and Twitch stuff
is okay and I think
I think that's as close of a
compromise that's fair as we're probably going to
see for a long time. And
as a content creator I'm kind of okay with
that because I've been having to do a lot of thinking about this.
You know, yeah, game makers
they make
these videos
without it you wouldn't have the videos
so they kind of, you know, they do deserve
a little bit of it.
And I have seen other
let's plays that are nothing
but captures from the game.
And I'm kind of always like
well, when you're making money off that
but the people
that do the commentary and the jokes
and have a little more, you know, with it
okay, then you're at least adding something
to it, you're making it a little more Mystery Science
Theater or whatever. There should
be, you know, a little room for you to
make some money off that.
Just to pay to keep it going
if nothing else. Pay for your time.
Which I can
assure you, creating content as I have on YouTube
I'm not even getting that much. I think I've made
be made in all, off all the
videos I've done in the past year, I think I've made
a dollar. I think I've made a dollar.
I've gotten one check from Google.
Have you really? How much?
Well, the minimum is a hundred bucks.
What? How'd you get a hundred bucks?
What are you doing that I'm not doing?
I'm not doing anything. Well, aside from
I just did a few
videos, mainly
the one that had the most revenue
was I did a thing on how to
side load stuff for the Ouya
and so that video keeps getting watched.
And then there was one that was like
I had one that got Disney Infinity
early and I kind of did like a
real quick unboxing
type thing. But that's it. I mean that's
really all I've done. But it's just that
those videos are out there. None of my stuff really has gone viral.
I think the video I have with the most views is like
I have a Diablo 3
barbarian video
that I just randomly did and for some
reason that has more views than anything else I've done.
Some wacky reason. I don't
like really keep track
of that very much but like
I'm gonna see
I'm trying to see what my AdSense is back
up to again cause
it takes a long time for it to get paid out
especially since I don't
put any of my videos.
Someday I will but it's just I don't have time.
What do we got here?
Oh, hey!
That's not bad.
Yeah, so the last time it was like
$111 and I got $61
sitting there.
They're not gonna send me a paycheck.
Woo!
Yeah, you know when they paid me out the $111?
That was back in 2013.
Okay, so I'm
it's not like I'm
making a ton of money off of this like
over the course of a few years.
Hey, extra money is money.
So, can not do it.
Even the official
Playstation account actually tweeted out
cause I got on that SharePlay thing
right when it first came out and I had a Final Fantasy 14
video and Playstation saw it and tweeted it
and even my Diablo 3 video
had more views than that.
Which kind of surprised me.
I thought the Final Fantasy one would be the most popular.
I'm not sure I have that one monetized.
I don't monetize all my stuff by default.
Just the stuff that I'm pretty sure
there's studio clearance on.
I usually use that Let's Play.
There's like a wiki out there that shows which creators
are okay with it and which aren't.
I haven't really put anything up that's worth
something like that would actually be good to
repost like in a comment section.
Yeah.
It's okay per here.
Not that that always
helps on YouTube cause they
pulled my
video on Super Hexagon
even though it's pretty clear
they're fine with the
Let's Play monetization.
Alright, let's move on.
DarkSakura, I think we're over to you.
Yes, I believe so.
Well, I have to
say that I was right.
The real Shepard was
always a lady.
Actually, as it was
stated from the developer
Jonathan Cooper who
was the
I believe the one that did the first
animation test for what would become
Commander Shepard used a female
model. Very clearly a female
model. Actually something
pulled from
a previous game but it
was what began and in fact
I watched the little running animation very
clearly female. But it
was a motion capture
taken from the game Jade Empire
of a female character and that's what became
Commander Shepard.
I mean, they always had
the intention of letting you choose
but she started
life that way.
I realized
that for some people FemShep
is the only Shep in Headcanon
although I certainly appreciate
the fact that I can have man on man
Shep. That's my
personal thing. But it's
interesting though that sometimes characters may
start one way and they completely change
when they're in development which I don't think it's
fair to say in this scenario anything necessarily
changed. But I do know
one that I had come across not that long ago
since I was getting really back into Final Fantasy 13
because of the PC release
Fang, who's my favorite character in the game
started as a male
and was
originally a male character
that was going to be
the character of Fang.
And somewhere along the line
Fang changed to a female
and I really can't picture it any other way.
Fang is just a badass chick
my favorite character by far
in that game. I don't know
I have a hard time picturing it as male although I go
that would make an awesome gender swap
cosplay.
Why can't we have German Shepherd Shepard?
I want German Shepherd Shepard
because I think that would be awesome.
Only out of Silent Hill, the dog ending
except it's not the dog ending
it's the whole game.
Well my femshep was Sherry Shepherd
so
as seen on the view
maybe Sybil Shepherd
Shepard's pie
Dark Soccer isn't speaking
but she has a look on her face that basically says
please stop
which means we have to keep going
I will stuff you in an anatomic body.
Yeah by the way what she's not
saying but I'm not gonna promise that
I won't murder everybody after that.
She's been spending the last hour of the
show on the Five Nights at Freddy's
Wiki ever since I brought it up in part A
she's been reading. I didn't make it that
far into just because I got
motion sick every time Foxy would
run because
I didn't pay enough attention to the diva.
If you don't pay enough attention
to Foxy, Foxy
will run at you and if you don't slam the door like
immediately you will die.
With that
mouth.
The little noise they make.
Foxy got me with one
percent of my battery left by the way.
Well because he also drains your battery if he
touches your door. He goes to your door
he'll drain one percent then six percent then
eleven. Oh geez. Yeah if
you let it happen so he'll actually drain your battery.
But what was I gonna
say? Did you ever get the
Golden Freddy? No I didn't survive
that far. I did get the Golden Freddy on my second
playthrough. Oh wow. And
you hear this giggling if you look at the
poster. And that's actually
slowed down for their regular laugh.
So ugh creepy. Anyway sorry.
Mass Effect.
Unless we get a Five Nights at Shepherds
crossover maybe. Who knows.
I can't
just imagine that. But it's
the Volus that slowly
runs. Waddling
toward you.
Going.
That breathing noise.
This one needs to die.
That's a Hanar. Oh my god
the Hanar would be Chica.
Alright anyway.
Let's see we got some
more stories here Loki.
Alright. Sorry I was being distracted
by German Shepherd again.
So Nintendo
talk about
the change of heart. You remember
Nintendo at one time was kind of
barring the use of Smash
Brothers in fighting game tournaments and stuff.
And now they're supporting
and sponsoring Apex 2015.
That's going to include
different games including
Ultra Street Fighter 4
Smash Brothers
Ultimate Marvel vs. Capcom 3 and
Pokemon. And
it's pretty awesome. The tournament is going to run from
January 30th through February
1st 2015.
In New Jersey.
And they're also going to stream it on Twitch.
So.
Cool.
That's probably a pretty awesome sponsor.
That's quite the turn around for Nintendo.
I guess they listen to feedback.
A lot of feedback.
Yeah these type of things help
promote your game.
You should let people do that.
Alright.
Let's see moving on.
Speaking of Nintendo. Those GameCube
adapters highly sought after
devices and I'm surprised it took this
long for us to be talking about a
third party GameCube adapter.
And now even though
the official GameCube adapter
has not been discontinued
good luck freaking finding it anywhere.
It's not really showing up anywhere.
So third parties have
come in to fill in the gap
about the
GameCube adapters and
Mayflash is the company that's putting one of these together.
A GameCube controller adapter.
You can get it for $20.
It's available on PlayAsia but
I'm sure there's some other websites as well.
What happens, this is
very similar to the Nintendo GameCube
adapter but shaped a
little differently and there's a switch on the side
to let you swap between Wii U
and PC. That's kind of
cool. So you can actually use
your GameCube controller on the PC
with that which
could be pretty cool for playing some of your Steam Library
games. So.
Now granted nobody's gotten their hands on this
yet so we don't know if it's
as responsive and so forth but
I mean this is a pretty hard thing to
screw up, right?
You would say that. It shouldn't be that
hard to just turn wires
into other wires.
Right? Well it's not as simple
as that but yeah.
Let's see, Rama says at least
these third party ones are PC compatible.
Hitstun says that Mayflash
adapter is not bad. But
Kaijuto says, I don't do third party
electronics. Fuck that. And I can
understand where some people want to keep it
you know, with the official stuff
because Nintendo ain't going to support one of these
if your system gets all screwed up because
of it. As
little complicated as I believe these
devices to be but it makes sense.
So. Well hopefully
Nintendo will, I mean, I
I don't understand the way they work sometimes
is that they really thrive on this hard to
get shit and it's getting old.
It's getting old, it's getting frustrating.
Sometimes it's hard to love you Nintendo. Sometimes
it's really hard. Really hard.
I already told you I'm over this amiibo
shit. I was at this point
where I was like, oh I gotta get Mega Man. I really
want to get Pit. No, I'm done.
I'm over the amiibo shit. I'm over it.
It's too much of a game.
It's like if I give my
money I should be able to get, it's just
what a mess.
Anyway, let's get into
the mailbag and the game of
reading your emails because you send them to us
every week.
Participate at OrangeLoungeRadio.com if you want to
participate by sending us an email.
Dark Soccer is going to dive into the mailbag
over at ParticipateAtOrangeLoungeRadio.com
and read whatever
emails may be awaiting us tonight.
All one of them. All one of them.
Save
this for a show with a light
mailbag as the scenario
is a little lengthy and particularly
weird while you have good timing.
Yes you do. Maybe I'm obsessed with survival
type games but here's an obviously
hypothetical situation for you.
None of you know each other yet and do not have
the families you currently have
and you happen to be
most comfortable sleeping unclothed.
What?
You just get home at night, play some games
watch some TV, have dinner, then throw
all your clothes in the hamper or washing machine
take off any watches and jewelry and drift off
to sleep only in your bedsheets.
What?
One comfortably warm spring night you
turn in and in the morning
or what you judge to be morning
you wake up in an unfamiliar place still naked
apparently nowhere near any known civilization.
Neither alcohol nor medication
are involved. Nonetheless you have no idea
where you are or how you got there.
You wake up to one of three
scenarios. One you are in the middle
of the massive grassy field. There's nothing
as far as you can see except for gently rolling
hills of dirt and grass
spotted by dandelions and maybe some loose
stones. There don't seem to be any type of
wildlife around but there might be burrows
or shallow dens in the soil.
What?
Two. You have a very active imagination
my friend.
Two. You are in a surprisingly dense
forest with tall trees partially
obscuring the sunlight. You can hear birds
in the trees and little else. Nobody's
expecting
you to be able to tear trees down with your
hands but branches, leaves and possibly
fruits are accessible just
pretty high out of your immediate reach
save of course what's fallen on the forest floor.
What?
Guys you know when chat says is this an email
or is this a perv sex
thing? Three.
You wake up on the
main floor of a long abandoned mid-sized
suburban house with the windows and doors
boarded from the outside. There's no
electricity, water or gas and what furniture
is left is deteriorated but somewhat usable.
The stairs to the basement
have collapsed and you cannot see what is down there
but you know you are there alone.
All you can see between the boards over
the windows is a grassy field to the east
and a dense forest to the west.
Given what you know from gaming
TV and most importantly reality
which scenario would each of
you prefer to be in and why?
What?
And only
slightly disturbed Robert
M. This okay this is no no
I'm not even this is what you need to do Robert
M. like seriously you need to go download
Twine and start your text adventure
game because you've got a script
going here you clearly have an
active imagination for this stuff
just go make your game why didn't you
did you send in something for the game jam I don't think you did
so now's the time to start. Now
that Rob's tirade is over I have an answer. What was number two
again? I wasn't. That was being in the
dense forest. That's not my tirade
I'm not saying like I'm not like
anti this but I'm just saying you
go go I would vote for number two
if it were me. Okay. Because
in a forest where
you can hear wildlife you have the
potential if you need to make something to protect
yourself you can
find leaves
or you know
you can make shelter
in the woods you can find food
but it is much easier to find. In scenario
three you are in a shelter already it's
like fuck I don't have to make a shelter done
but you don't have food
yeah but you can go outside and
I gotta say I'm for scenario
one because it sounds like TLC
is naked and afraid which by the way
which by the way
the Golden Globes
were at the competition tonight
tonight was the gay Mormon show on
TLC that was tonight
oh my god
that just pisses me off. No it looks
you know what there comes a point where you go this just looks like
a fucking train wreck I have to see it. That is naked and afraid
what you've never heard of naked and afraid
oh my god
well thank you emailer now I can explain
to Loki what naked and afraid is all about
I'm going back to the wiki
there's a show on TV
and this show should be mixed with Five Nights at Freddy's
quite honestly no there's a show
where they take two people
and they're naked in the middle
of nowhere and yes they film it
they use the blur boxes right so you don't see nothing
you can't see on basic cable and
they just they have to survive for like I think it's
like three days or something like that out in the wilderness
and you know you watch
them go crazy and they're afraid of all
the sounds they hear out in the wilderness which is probably
just the camera man and all that
that's the show that is seriously a dumb ass
show that might be on
Discovery Channel not TLC maybe somebody
will correct me in chat well I'm glad that this is the new discovery
where they don't make up shit anymore
ha ha ha ha
discovered our lies
oh no
now the chat room is just
going off on this email take it as a compliment
though Robert M let's see
actdeft says Five Nights
Five Nights at Robert M's
let's see
says this guy is like a porn version of saw
SSG 100 Matt says
this feels like an SAT question
and fifth dream says PT
the email
you are standing in front of a house there is a
mailbox here
PS you're naked
I'm sorry it would be even freakier
though is it if you like went to bed like
you normally do like in pajamas
or whatever you wear to bed
and then just we're naked anyway
that would be freakier
hello is this a sex dream
hello
where's my hot person to bang
where are they
um
you know what Robert M it sounds
like you're really going to have to go with your gut
because literally each one of us voted for a different answer
so you're really going to have to just kind of go with your gut
and maybe make all three of your
interesting scenarios
but the way that he described them
they technically should be in the same universe
so you get a random scenario with each awakening
because the house seems like
it's stuck between the edge of the forest
and the field
so I think it's the same location
just different parts of it
but I'm still naked right
sexy times
la la la
la la
la la la
is Zachary Quinto there is he naked
did you know that toy chica
is really weird looking
alright
act deaf
act deaf in chat says
press x to call for sex
uh fifth dream says
this is me three nights a month go to bed clothed
wake up at least half naked
well that sounds like another scenario for a game
where did my pants go
that sounds
like an oh well our dream game in the making
where did my pants go
no that's from a
dane cook thing oh is it
what's in my pants
I didn't say what's in my pants
that's from the lego movie
where's my pants I haven't seen the lego movie
oh shit alright
anyway thank you for the email
participate at orange
lounge radio dot com think you can out
do that email I dare
you to try participate
orange lounge radio dot
com it is that part of the show
now what an appropriate time for us to get into
the FUs of the week why
FU that's why
yeah
this is fucked up
sorry I have to read this comment from chat
uh sg100 matt says robert m might have just pitched
us no man's sky for all we know
that's right we don't know what the hell that game
is so who knows
that could be it no man's sky is just
naked and afraid of the game but there's spaceships
though so that's right you're in a house
in the middle of the forest
sorry dark soccer FUs of the week
oh so uh
FU to migraines
and FU
to um
people who try to
put off pseudo science as actual
science
some of these people have their degrees for a reason
just saying
alright lowkey
lets just be the guy who just
you wake up next to a donkey with no pants
well I would be
disturbed if I woke up to a donkey
wearing pants so I guess that's
okay love the chat alright
lowkey your FU
FU to the lack of sleep
I'm tired actually no I'm not tired now
I'm super wide awake
hooray red bull hooray coffee hooray pizza
yeah why'd I do that now
I won't be able to sleep
work out my game
it didn't work out my game too
my FU of the week
goes to oh my god just last week
just all of it
no there was some good things from last week
I can't really complain
my super busy week
but I am thankful
for this upcoming weekend I'm going to have the best
weekend ever this weekend so I'm excited
I'm so excited I can't hide it
there it is FU of the week
just a couple more stories
for you guys and then the phone call
time 1877 game OLR
or our username on skype
orange lounge radio but first lowkey
alright so layoffs
have hit Codemasters they're saying it's part of
their strategic realignment
with I don't know what exactly that means
making more
racing games is that part of the alignment
because that's what they're great at
but yeah small number
of roles have been proposed as being
a risk of redundancy so they
are removing that redundancy
they've cut 30 jobs
well
that's a shitty way to start off the new year
talking about layoffs already
unfortunately
this is also a common time for that to happen
yeah and at the same time while it is
unfortunate that they're cutting
jobs if you have jobs that are redundant
at your company maybe sometimes
it's
you're paying people to work
and if they're not
working as hard as they could be
maybe
slim your company down
make it more profitable
fifth dream in chat says that means
we fired people because we needed money
that's a
well I mean I don't know
they put out some
decent racing games I just don't know if they're like
top top top tier
alright well I got news
well not really news more like rumors
on another popular game
series raise your hand if you like
C-man
raise your hand everybody do you like C-man
really Rob you do
I do I love C-man
it's a great game and of course
I'm talking about the Sega
created game from the
Dreamcast system which
we talked about many times on this show before
of course that's what I'm talking about
and let's say there's a lot of fans
of C-man out there on the internet
web including Devolver Digital
you know the indie publisher
Devolver Digital right
the CEO Fork Parker on
Twitter just basically told
Sega we want to make a new game
in the series and then went directly
to the creator of C-man
saying we want to
do this and
apparently the creator replied
asking about formats
so this shows that
maybe there's a chance
I would love to see them have it
honestly because
Devolver is awesome so
I'm all down for that
I love this because Fork actually went to
Utsido and said hi if you still
own the rights to C-man then let's make a new one
and Utsido replied and said
hi for smartphone and
Fork Parker replied saying maybe PC and
smartphone so I thought it was interesting
for smartphone like maybe they're
already making one for smartphone who knows
so hmm
anyway
by the way if you didn't know and Dark
Sakura has surely covered this in a previous classic
game of the week because we love this game but
in C-man you
had a microphone and you actually would
interact with the fish
with the dude's face on the screen that was
Leonard Nimoy so I mean that
that alone was awesome right there that you
could talk to Leonard Nimoy and he would
say things that didn't make sense basically
so and they could friend his
butt and you could friend his butt like that one very
popular YouTube we played oh I don't even remember
the name of the guy who did that that was
one of my favorite YouTubes by the way
an official sequel was released for the
PlayStation 2 in 2007
in 2002 Nintendo was
apparently interested in resurrecting the series for
3DS but nothing ever came of that so
good luck Devolver Digital we hope you can do it
and spread C-man
all over the world that is
what we hope you guys are able to do
from all of us here at OLR
so
SSU100Matt is interested in this
only if Leonard Nimoy voices it apparently
over at live.vognetwork.com
let's see
and Kaijuto saying hopefully they can get
Leonard Nimoy that would be awesome
so
there you go let's open the phones
it's that time 1877 game
OLR or a username on Skype
Orange Lounge Radio if you want to
give us a call again that's
1877 game OLR or a username on Skype
Orange Lounge Radio all one word
which you know they make Skype on like every
single device out there like your smartphone like if you don't
want to actually dial it up you could probably use
Skype to do it it is so easy to call our
damn show so if you want to
talk about anything we've talked about you want to talk about your love
of C-man or anything else that we've talked
about in the show tonight
you can certainly do so
let's do that oh we got some
calls coming in let's get to it
hello you're on Orange Lounge Radio who's this
this is Max hey Max how you doing
yeah I'm doing good
just
yeah just figured I'd call in
and see how this whole thing works
that was really fast I guess you guys have
probably been waiting longer than I could hear on the
on the stream there is a little bit of
a buffer but there's also a little trick too
where sometimes I open it up a little bit before
we're actually ready for the calls for just that reason
excellent excellent well what's on your mind
buddy not much
man it's been it's been a good show I
we we finished a
project for the for the bog jam
and that was a lot of fun and I
I've just been having a blast playing the entries
that have been rolling in so
so you've actually checked out some of the
entries that people were posting in the chat and so forth
see I've played none of them yet I'm gonna
wait and live stream it all but
is there any particular standouts
so far that you've noticed
I pretty much like everything that I've played so far
my my personal favorite right now
is a hitstunz game
skeleton hunter yeah
it just it just feels it felt so
much like when you it was
it it's like the perfect buggy
game it just felt so much like
you had just gone to a rental store in the
eighties and picked up the
NES cart that's not the right shape
you're like why is this the wrong shape and then you
you take it home and you you play through it anyway
even though it's terrible yeah what what what did
what did color dreams put out on the NES
this time it's
just it's just a it's just a platformer but like
like it it works like all the stuff
in the game works except for it also
there's a lot of things that that
you don't expect like you can stand on pretty much
anything including projectiles and they'll still hurt you
but you can just stand on them and and
like and there's
there's times when you can get to the edge of the
screen when you're not supposed to and it'll wrap
to the left hand side of the screen and you'll suddenly
be somewhere else and and and you
have to kind of like work through that stuff and there's
it's just it's just really great I really liked
it well I know he he was really gung-ho
about the idea right from he was there the night we
picked the thing in listless he was very excited
about it now we were we were
honored to have you guys from cooking with
unity participate not only that you
guys like taped the whole darn thing
so not only can we play your game we
can just watch you make it on
youtube yeah yeah we we we recorded
just shy of 12 hours
for the for the game and it was we showed
everything on the show except for one thing that we
kept as a surprise which was just which I'm
not going to say because I want you guys to play so
so a little little surprising can you give
us a brief overview of what your game's about
yeah yeah yeah what
we did is we made a
first person shooter just a really basic one
kind of doom style with like sprite characters
and stuff and then what we did
is we made it so that's not actually the game
the game is you have to find
bugs in the game and mark them
and so like the walls all
can randomly not work and so
if you find a wall that you can walk through you can
right click it and you'll mark it as a bug
and then like enemies can have the wrong
AIs and power ups can like
not power you up they can do the opposite
and so you have to find all the things that don't
work mark them and then complete the level and it
gives you a score out of what
bugs you found and what things you marked
erroneously so you basically made like
QA tester the game type of thing exactly
exactly wow that is so
clever I'm just I am really
blown away like that these
things we're talking about what you did
and what Hitstun did and what all our listeners
that are participating in this did I am just so
blown away by the mere fact that
this wouldn't exist if we
hadn't you know had the idea
so cool I'm glad you said the words
man just throw it out there
do more of these it's great so cool
well and there's still more to come too
I'm still very gung ho on completing
my own idea and I know there's others out there
that feel very similar I'm still gonna work on mine
I just I need to sleep cause I haven't
done that you know almost
in a few days and like I had to go to work
like early in the morning and work like a
nine hour day it's just it's about balance
I just have to like maybe I think
tomorrow I will just go to bed
early and then just kind of
sleep for a little bit well Max
we gotta say a big thank you to all you guys at Cookie
with Unity because that episode that
where we had you guys on we were talking about all that
that was really a huge motivator
and so I would argue that none of these games
would exist without that either so you
guys get a huge huge credit in
making this all happen well
thank you I think that's probably undeserved but thank you
I do think that just
you guys organizing this was awesome
and thank you for inviting me on the show like that came out of
nowhere and it was truly a pleasure
as far as the other two
games I just wanted to mention real quick
Umbria 4 I haven't played it much at all
but it's a text based adventure game and
I think I ate the first person I saw
and so I have to play more of that game
I just have to have enough time to dig into it
and I also want to try out VG War
just because it's a card game and I love card games
like it's literally a card game you print out it's awesome
that is so cool
that is so cool so
a bit of the inspiration
behind a lot of this is actually playing
the games you guys made I love how
full circle this is all coming this is so cool
so cool I'm loving it
alright well who
knows this may not be the last game jam we
do so we'll see
we'll see what happens in the coming months
I'm excited
yeah me too me too
anyway I'll let you get back to your
regular programming on the show
and yeah keep on keeping on
and yeah great show
well I look forward to continued episodes
of Cooking with Unity which of course our listeners
can check out at cookingwithunity.com
and was a huge part of me
learning Unity and even though I don't have
anything yet I will and it will be thanks to these
guys so gotta finish that game man
I'm gonna bug you about that alright you do
do that you should alright take care
you too bye
and also that's why it's a buggy game
it's a buggy game cause everyone's bugging me to
finish it and also since we're on the topic of
things that you know Max
does you need to play Grand Theft Auto 5
I do I do
no excuse on that
I really do I also need to play Grand Theft
Auto 5 it's been a while so I said
I would get it when it comes out on Playstation 4 there's
been so much other stuff to catch up on but
you know the gaming time of year it's it's it's
now it's now it's a good time
now's a good time yeah I think I
but I also still need to play
Dragon Age Inquisition all the way
through but we'll get to that at some point anyway
we got more calls coming in let's get to it
hi you're on Orange Launch Radio who's this
this is Vidpower hey Vidpower how you doing
good good hey guys
hey our buddy out there in Vegas
Las Vegas where a lot of
stuff was happening at the end of last year
yeah yeah there was
yeah that the
game awards and the Sony
Playstation experience and now
well the CS just happened
so yeah huge events here
in Vegas oh it's
starting to become the same and then they always there's
always those rumors that E3 is gonna
move to Vegas although LA
LA is not gonna let that
happen without a huge fight so but
anyway but I digress
what's on your mind tonight buddy yeah
I just wanna talk a little bit more about
CES you know it's always you know
oh yeah CES of course
happening just this past week even though
usually not a lot of game content
out of CES but sometimes I mean
y'all know I still talk
about game room and that was something
that had come out of CES so sometimes you get a few things
here and there did you go and check it out
indeed indeed yeah I totally
checked it out and yeah
like it was interesting
cause the main theme I guess the main
trend this year was actually
VR gaming there was
quite a bit of demos
from a lot of the
companies kind of showing off their headsets
and they're
mobile they're like
forward walking things that you can
you know walk on while you
wear the headsets
what did you think did you actually get hands on
with like some of the big ones like the Oculus
or some of these other ones or what happened
no I didn't actually
get a chance to go hands on
there was a
there was only like one demo
for each of those
and there was a pretty huge line but
I watched a lot of people
play and you know
it was really
interesting though it was
so like the guy was
standing on this it was almost like
it looked like a treadmill
but it was like a stationary
platform
and the guy was wearing like really
like special shoes
that kind of like slide on it
this guy was at E3 too
they had like it looked like they were
actually at Kickstarter they were actually
in like the run and gun game like
they couldn't do demos
for us like with us in them because
of insurance purposes or whatever but I totally
know what you're talking about they were at E3 as well
oh okay okay yeah it was like the
the Virtuix Omni
or something something like that
I thought that was
kind of interesting I never saw the guy
like strafe left and right so I thought that was
interesting but yeah he was just kind of
doing his thing
it looked intense it looked like the
it looked like the gym of the future
it was an intense workout or as we always say
on OLR it's one step closer to the
holodeck
right right right
it was crazy
well you know Sony was there too
there wasn't you know it's not really
not too many games there
most of the time it's always like there are
other electronics but they were demoing
things like the order
1888 was like the main
thing they were they were demoing and
they had a few stations set up for
playstation now I guess
since they just announced their
their monthly
the subscription stuff right right right
right but yeah
it was other than that
the only
other gaming stuff
I thought was amusing
so you know
that shoe company
Skechers you probably
saw or you may have not seen that
news so they have these
shoes that like it's almost
like it's you know that
old like toy from
like the 80s Simon
yeah it's so
they put this like
contraption on their shoes and it's
called like the Skechers game
kicks and it's basically a giant
Simon like
toy like on your
sneakers and so
it lights up and like you could
like sit down and like play Simon
I saw a picture
of that somewhere out there and I thought
that was crazy I didn't realize that was Skechers I wear
I actually enjoy like not to endorse a
product I'm not being paid to endorse but I will say
I do usually wear Skechers
shoes one of my favorite ones I'm wearing them right now
and Loki's wearing them right now so
the fact that they're putting out a pair that has
Simon on it's kind of dumb
it is kind of dumb
but you know what it's no dumber than
Pumps remember
that was really dumb
but you know what I totally want though
Nike Back to the Future shoes that are gonna
self lace yeah you know Pumps really
are stupid because they do awful things to your feet
and your posture just saying
don't wear the high heels I love those things
as a kid I love those Pumps
you missed the joke
put your hand over your head you might catch it
well I wore those Pumps
as a kid too but anyway
and I've seen you
trace across the stage in them too
that's right I wasn't the rock you
wore a picture show for how long? I think I've worn
a pair of Pumps in my life anyway
oh Vidpower
sorry we took your chat
about CES over to crossdressing but that's what
happens when you call an OLR
I
expect nothing less
awesome well Vidpower glad to hear
of your time at CES and
you know we'll next time
we'll have to try and get some updates from you
live on the show floor or something as it's going on
so we can talk to you while you're actually there
be fun nice alright you're a man in
Vegas alright we'll take care of my friend
later alright bye
I'm sure I'll be seeing him later this year
because I'll have to go to Sony's event
if Sony does another thing in Vegas
I'm gonna have to go to that so we'll see
1877 Game OLR username on Skype is
OrangeLoungeRadio the chat was
lighting up a little or sorry the
Skype was lighting up a little bit so we do have some time
for some more calls I will ask
Loki though if there's any other last minute stories he wants to
get to while we wait for the oh
since we talked about it earlier Puzzles and Dragons
they have a
statistic that they've exceeded
42 million downloads worldwide
worldwide wow so that was 6 million
in the US but 42 million worldwide
wow alright let's go to the phones hi you're on
OrangeLoungeRadio who's this hey this is
actdeaf actdeaf oh my god is that a fat
chocobo plushie you have right now yeah
it is that
is so cute where did you get that
I got it from Amazon
actually it's uh
it's kinda expensive it's like
$75 what
that's too much money is that
an official Square product or is that like a knock
off something no yeah it's official
huh well Rob
but it's only sold in Japan
so that's why it's so expensive because
it's also really big I want one
it's so cute yeah that's like as big
as like his face is as big as your face
that is yeah huge chocobo
alright that's adorable though I want to hug
it I'm hugging it you can't
see me but I'm hugging my computer screen right
now that fat chocobo is so adorable
alright well anyways
uh something related to
importing and especially because
of the of Nintendo
retiring the Wii U and its market
of Brazil
it's like already has been
said it's because of taxes and
import fees that's something
that I have talked about before
in OLR but still
it's something worth bringing up
again because
it's something really that
affects every single
gamer in Latin America
from Mexico to Argentina
so it's something that
that everyone in Latin America can
relate to Brazil so it's not
something that surprises
us even
for a company just
to say no we're not selling
our product there because it's
way too expensive especially with
Nintendo and their finances
right now so it's pretty obvious
right
we have heard the stories
of the PS4 selling for
way over like four times
the time
sorry the cost in the US
like here even
it basically costs not
double but
it costs at least half more
what it should cost in the
US well and you've talked about this before
on the show about like living in Mexico
you you know will
pay more just like in many
ways funny enough like your fat chocobo
that you have there is like even in the US
I'm gonna pay more money for that because
I have to get it from Japan so I gotta
pay those import fees and everybody
along the way from Square Enix
in Japan to me here in the States
everybody along the way that little fat chocobo
passes through is gonna want their cut
yeah exactly that's
the point I have the
the fortune
or the luck
sorry of living
next to the US
so I get my stuff delivered
in a PO box over there
in the border city next to us
but
so yeah I have the luck of that
but I have other friends
who live
live very
deep in the country or even
South American friends that
that have to pay import fees
so even if I had ordered
this like from eBay because
it's also there and have
send it directly
to Mexico I have to pay more
fees I have to pay a more
expensive shipping fee and even
import fees because of
how much it costs and the size
and the
sorry and the weight and all that
and it would have been way
more expensive to get it
now 5th Dream in chat is yelling
smuggler with little face there
but you know and I'm sure he's just teasing
but I mean don't aren't you
kinda left with no other choice
yeah it's basically that
or just pay way
more for it because it's really
it's really crazy how
how taxes work here
because for every single
thing you have to pay something more
almost so
for me to get something like this
I seriously have to
to do some loopholes
to the law to get it
so yeah well we have to pay taxes
too on everything we buy with the
sales tax usually unless I live
in Oregon or something but even then
something's being taxed be it income property
etc etc
but wow I mean yeah I mean
I know it's sometimes with the
trade and stuff it's very interesting
how that all works and complicated
you know and like you said
Mexico may have it a little
bit easier because of its closer proximity
to the US than a place like
Brazil but at the end of the day
it's still
the same is that there's all these taxes
and yeah crazy crazy
it is and
there are many people here that
that do a lot of stuff to get
like
video game things, anime
things just to
to
to maintain a hobby
it's really something you have to
be careful of
in terms of
expenses because
yeah you can pay probably
a lot cheaper price
than what you would pay in a regular
store here and I can
make many many examples
of it
but like I said especially with
this Chicago plush
I paid $75
which converted to
pesos it's something
around the 1000 pesos mark
but like I said
I would have paid probably
like 1500 pesos
1500 pesos
just to have it brought over
here directly
and especially because it would have
taken way longer and it's
like way
way more
of a hassle
I have the experience of a
beta memory card 64 gigabytes
that they don't sell in the
US
it took around two
months to get here
directly
yeah
well you know what
thank you I think this all serves
as a humble reminder is that gamers
are everywhere but access to
games a lot of times depends on
where you're fortunate enough to be
so a humble reminder
there that some people have to pay
a little more to play the games that some of us take
for granted thank gosh though for PC
and all that that PC and digital distribution
really cuts a lot out of it doesn't it
yeah and I have called
also about this on Steam
the Steam sells here the games
way cheaper than in the US
so well not all the
games but most games on Steam
so that helps a lot
but still building
a PC or buying PC parts here
it's expensive but in the long term
yeah it's way better you can't play Nintendo
games on PC well not legally
alright well you take
care Akdev thank you for the call appreciate the
new perspective
hey thanks for having me you're welcome
and that fat chocobo is so freaking cute
alright bye
if I didn't have a trip to Seattle
coming up this weekend I'd be checking my wallet right now
do I have $75 in the car
could I do it?
cause I kinda want it dark soccer I want that fat chocobo
if I buy one it's for me
can you buy two?
well you remember
you remember Julie had that
rappy oh yes I remember the rappy
she paid like $105
but rappies are really cute too
that's basically fantasy
star online's version of a fat chocobo in a way
in a way
anyway one more call for calls
1877 game OLR
username on skype orange lounge radio
we don't usually do more than three calls but
we have a little extra time on tonight's show just because the news
ran a little faster tonight isn't that weird
we had like literally no news the past couple weeks
we ran longer of course we had some list lists
and some other segments to fill time
but we will try to take a couple more calls
1877 game OLR username on skype orange lounge radio
Loki let me check in with you again
to see if you have any other last minute stories
no I don't have any last minute stories
I'm working on my game now
I guess we covered it all any progress on your game?
what are you working on right this minute what are you trying to do?
right this minute I'm trying to
set up something that
when I get on the starting line
in this one spot that it stops for a second so that I can do
a countdown and then it lets me go
so I'm trying to figure out how to turn off
the acceleration on my car script
I think what I'm going to do is I'm going to cheat
by having it hold down the handbrake
so it can't move
because hey it works
but it's just
it's not exactly the way you should do it
alright well we have some stories sent to us
from folks on Twitter
I always love to hear from folks on Twitter
over at Twitter.com slash OLR
and Jason or username
I am Jason C. sent us a tweet
and the headline on this is
EB Games is removing all copies
of Elder Scrolls Online from stores
uh oh
Spaghetti-O although I believe this is Australia
but let me look
I'm looking at this story here
that says all copies of
Elder Scrolls Online including the prepaid cards
are to be sent back to the publisher
everything relating to the game
would be removed by January 13th
now they did issue an update to this
and EB Games said on their Facebook page
that this removal is part of a normal stock recall
which would
include numerous video games
so
the source apparently
had said that other titles mentioned in the list
are excess stock however
whereas Elder Scrolls Online was
all stock including the prepaid
cards you know what that normally means
because the last time I saw
something like that where they recalled the stock
it's because it's going free to play
it was DC Universe and you know
what else is very interesting
is on Hoard House this week
plug plug for my other show on Wednesdays
on Hoard House this week we talked about that they were
getting rid of the six month subscription plan
that was already
going away you could no longer get the six month
subscription plan and some folks were
taking that as a sign that the game was getting
ready for free to play
that's two
that's two signs now
just because that's what happened
last well with DC Universe
they recalled the stock they gave us
basically like a window of like
you have to return it by this date
but it was shortly
it was right after they announced it was going free to play
but if they're anticipating that it's going
free to play they may do the same thing
or just maybe it's just not
selling and they have an opportunity
to send it back and get
reimbursed for it because they're just not
selling copies
very interesting well thank you for the tip there
Jason it looks like those of you that have
wanted to play Elder Scrolls Online but didn't want to pay
to do it well you might get
your chance here coming soon we'll see
anyway since the Skype line isn't ringing again I think
everybody who wanted to get through did get through thank you
to those that called in if you think of something
after the fact you want to get in touch with us later
you can always tweet us twitter.com slash
olr or you can send us an email
of course participate at orange
launch radio.com tell us about your dreams
just uh you know
tell us how tell us how the
the game Mormon show went tonight or the golden
globes why not let us know
we'd prefer though if you keep
it about video games but I suppose anything
is going to turn into a tangent here on
olr but I think that's what you guys appreciate
don't play all the vogjam entries that's right
check out the vogjam entries if nothing
else there's uh now they're kind of a
little bit all over the place
so what we're going to do in the coming days at
vognetwork we're going to do an article
for the site that will summarize where you
can check them all out now some of them
are very easily accessible at vognetwork.com
they've been added to the arcade a couple
I know at least hitstun's game that
Max was talking about and Bobby
Blackwolf's game he participated too
uh I know at least those two are right
there on the vog website so very easy to
find uh the rest are there's a lot
of them plugged in the forums but we
will um have an article in this
coming week that will kind of compile everything
for you uh with one place to go
and then of course as I said I'm going to go through and play
them all at least the ones that I can stream
because I just realized I think one of the I think
one of the entries we got was a card game
so that might be a little harder to do
uh but well you never
I might be able to YouTube it
try to get dark soccer over
here we'll play a card game it'll be fun
we'll put it on YouTube
like the vogjam entry that's a card game
that we got not a piece of meat
I mean like what? I'm kidding
anyway
um I want to thank you
guys so much for listening to Orange Lawns Radio tonight
and thank you for participating with our show
if you like what you heard here at Orange Lawns Radio
remember we don't you know beg
for money to do this show or what have you
although there might be a charitable cause once in a while
all we ask is help spread
the word about Orange Lawns Radio please
leave us a nice review
on iTunes or Stitcher Radio
and I gotta say there was a really really
kind one on iTunes this week
that was so awesome and I wish I had it
in front of me but of course now that I'm thinking
about it I don't have the review up in front of me
I'll see if I can get it while we're doing our
final thoughts here but yeah
I really appreciate that stuff and we all do
here at Orange Lawns Radio so even if
you know even if you've told
a friend or two about the show and you're still wondering
what you can do to help us out those
reviews and things go a long
long long way so we really appreciate it
whether it be on iTunes or Stitcher Radio
or wherever it is you heard
about Orange Lawns Radio that stuff really
helps out
we will not be here next
week reminder we're taking a little
holiday break a late holiday but we will
be back in two weeks live
when games are actually coming out again
and hopefully all of us here
in studio and all of you out there will get to play
some more games catch up on that
backlog and we'll really start to kick
off 2015 and hopefully you've all played
the VoG Jam games at that point we can talk about those
too in the meantime
since we're getting close to the end of the
show here it's time to go around and get everybody's
final thought for the night
Loki I know you're working hard over there on your game
but what is your final thought tonight?
I want an Oculus Rift
I'm looking at them on eBay
that still surprises me you haven't played one yet
yeah I understand
DK2 would be nice
my final thought tonight I found that review I wanted to say
so I want to give a big big thank you to
I'm
totally going to mispronounce this
I think it's S-E-R-E
S-E-R-E
S-E-R-E-I-G-H
S-E-R-E?
S-E-R-E? Well whoever you are
I want to thank you for the review
O-L-R is a long running gaming podcast
with wonderful and diverse hosts
they entertain and inform week after week in a way
that speaks to the gamer not the industry
in the forest of gaming podcast
just I'm laughing after
that email tonight in the forest of gaming
podcast O-L-R distinguishes itself with
realism and connections with its audience
this isn't just another gaming news show it's a
lively community that prides itself on
giving every gamer a voice
and I just I read that and I go
that is oh my god that's exactly
yes yes that's what I'm
saying to that yes I went to tear
I did it's awesome I
appreciate that I really do alright
I legit found myself tearing up a bit
legit it makes
it all worth it it makes the past 583 episodes
all worth it in the upcoming
583 episodes right
alright Dark Sakura don't want to leave
you out what is your final thought for listeners tonight
um
um
yeah
um yeah alright thank you guys
I really really appreciate
the support of Orange Launch Radio
and again I am blown away by
the success of the VoG jam and even if for
whatever reason you didn't get a chance to participate
and submit a game maybe you
had a situation like me or Loki or
something go play the games
and show these creators your
support and you know what
alright are you going to find the next
Minecraft maybe not
but will you have fun for a few minutes
checking out some original work I think you will
so enjoy unfortunately Minecraft didn't really follow
the criteria of
buggy games so I don't know sometimes that game
can bug me alright
that's it have a wonderful week everybody we will see you in
two weeks again with an all new
Orange Launch Radio goodnight
see you next week
thanks for watching
