It's time.
It's coming.
It's really happening.
Nintendo Switch 2 is going to be announced sometime in the next 10 months.
Despite Nintendo's communication being immensely streamlined with its E3 Treehouse presentations and directs made entirely on its own schedule, its flagship console is obviously unique enough to be the exception to these practices.
This is the Redundancy Department of Redundancy headline.
Now it's time for your hosts, Rob Roberts, Jamie Summers, and Loki to tell you more about this story and the rest of the week's gaming news.
Starting right now in the show, every gamer has a voice.
Hello, my friends out there on the internet.
Welcome back to another week of the show where every gamer has a voice.
It is Orange Lounge Radio and we are live once again tonight with episode number 1004 of our show for tonight, May the 12th of 2024.
Happy Mother's Day to all our gamer mommies out there.
If that label applies to you, then apply it.
And also a special
Happy birthday to Bobby Blackwolf, who we share the stage with at the Voice of Geeks Network each and every Sunday night, because we do tape live every Sunday night at the Voice of Geeks Network, nine o'clock Eastern, six o'clock Pacific, right after Birthday Boy Bobby Blackwolf, twitch.tv slash VOG Network.
Happy 29th birthday to Bobby.
I am joined by, of course, I'm Rob Roberts, in case you forgot, and I am joined every week by the one and only DarkSakura, or Jamie Summers.
Hey.
Hey, how's it going?
I was going.
Yeah, weekends always too short, but it is what it is.
Truth.
The weekends have been way too short lately.
It's just flies by.
It's unfortunate.
It doesn't help that I spent half of yesterday sleeping.
I had such a long busy week.
I did.
I crashed hard yesterday.
It was it was something else.
And then I walked 10,000 steps.
Yeah.
But because Pikmin had a challenge weekend thing in Pikmin Bloom.
And if you get 10,000 steps, you get a badge.
And you know what that badge means?
You have a badge.
That's right.
It means nothing.
But I have a little electronic pixel thing in my profile that says I, I was a special kid today.
That was it.
But I did it.
And I went out with friends to do it.
So I guess there's that whole like, yay, doing things together.
I don't know.
Anyway.
Did you accomplish anything big in video games this week, DarkSakura?
I played a bunch of them.
All right, well, we'll get in.
I did beat a game.
Oh, well, we'll get into that in our gaming weeks in a little bit.
Let me mention though, you mentioned next week, you may or may not be here because you got a big thing you're going to, right?
Right, next weekend is Golden State Pinball Festival in Lodi, California.
And if anyone is going to go, please find me.
I actually may be doing some commentary on TheSpinnerIsLit, or at least the one for the local pinball group in Lodi, I think.
I'll have to find the channel name again because it's been a minute.
I'm going to be hanging around and doing stuff and playing some games and reporting and there will be little TikToks posted hither and yon so yeah I kind of want to go I've never been
DarkSakura, Loki, VOG Network, DJ Ranma
On Friday night there is like a dinner thing for people involved in the group that I'll be attending, but I have work that day mostly.
Same, I mean, I can always go at night.
It's in Lodi, right?
It's not that far.
Yeah, it's at the Grape Festival.
Yeah, it's not that far.
Yeah, I'll probably go inside.
Well, I was thinking, so at the end of Bobby's show tonight, you know, because we're listening to it usually while we're sitting here waiting to go, he was talking about the new John Wick table that got announced.
And, you know, you were mentioning, so I was thinking about how I'm kind of sad.
It doesn't look
DragonCon 2021
Bobby Blackwolf in chat says Atlanta's full.
And driving in Atlanta is worse than Los Angeles.
Atlanta's full.
No more.
No, but so what was I really?
No vacancy.
Yeah, no vacancy.
The big no vacancy sign outside of Atlanta is flashing.
Okay, Southern Fright always has like the cool stern presence and you get to play a lot of pinball machines, including usually new pinball tables like last year, Venom was, you know, everywhere, which I think was their new table.
But you were saying you get a little bit of that at the Golden State Pinball Expo too.
So maybe you get to peek at this new John Wick table.
I mean, nothing's confirmed, but
I'm hoping so.
Dave Stern has had a presence there with demos, although I think if there were going to be a convention that would be most likely to have an appearance at, it would be California Extreme, which is next month, is it?
Yeah.
We have a room for California Extreme, so we'll be there for the whole thing.
I haven't been to California extreme in years, years.
So it's great.
I know.
I know.
But again, it's just always that conflict with my very busy personal life.
Um, but I'd love to I'd love to see that.
I was gonna say the Stern presence here is at the Sacramento coin op downtown.
They have a big star and I keep meaning to get down there to play games, but they were being remodeled for a while.
And I think they finally reopened recently.
And I haven't seen it since the remodel.
But you know,
I have to ask Dan who's in charge of the tables there.
Not only do they have pinball, they just got a Stepmania X machine, which is a pretty big deal.
You know, the kind of the spiritual successor to DDR of sorts.
I guess DDR is still going though.
So it's it's kind of both things going on.
In fact, we have a story on that later, but I'll, I'll wait for later.
Um, for now, though, I can't let him just sit there any longer.
I have to introduce, of course, the one and only Techmaster Loki.
Hello, I haven't been feeling myself lately.
Joking aside, I'm actually sick.
But I was like, what in the Bobby Blackwolf voice changer on your fucking microphone?
Are you running tonight?
Do you have the demon voice he does too?
We might need it tonight.
Uh, yes, I do, actually.
Oh, great.
Jesus.
Jesus.
or as Travis Donovan used to call it DJ Satan was that voice.
Yeah.
Anyway, uh, I was gonna ask what I really wanted to ask about was the, you know, because I see a game with a cat playing in the background.
And of course, I'm always going to be interested in a game with a cat.
Although I feel like I've seen that one.
That one just came out like this last couple weeks, right?
Yeah, yeah.
Cat.
I can't remember the name.
Little Kitty Big City.
That's it.
Little Kitty Big City.
Yeah, have you played it or just watching it on?
I have I finished it because it's a very short game.
Oh, nice.
All right.
Cool.
I was a little kitty in a big city.
It was great.
It's like a Japanese city.
So it's a it's a Japanese kitty in a Japanese city.
And it's great.
And it's yeah, we're checking out but it's a cute little game.
Can you look in the camera and say that again?
I was a little kitty in a big city.
I was a little kitty in a big city.
Okay, thank you.
There we go.
Let's look right at the camera.
Got it?
Okay.
Yes.
I was a little kitty in a big city.
Clip it!
Okay.
Anyway, let's see.
In chat, Bobby Blackwolf is asking, isn't this like Untitled Goose Game but with a cat?
Or Johnny Wufei calls it Actual Titled Cat Game.
Kind of.
It has that same like kind of visual style to it.
And there is some things you're doing.
You're not necessarily terrorizing people so much.
You do a little bit of terrorizing, but it's mostly helping animals around the town and stuff doing different things.
But there is there is some minor terrorizing of the pedestrians.
You do end up stealing a cell phone at one time and you can knock people over.
As a cat.
Yeah, as a cat, it's it's like, yeah, it's like an exploration game.
I mean, it's probably.
I played it for about four hours.
I haven't 100% of it, but I did most of the things I'd say, like 90% of the game.
So it's probably like a six hour game at most.
OK, there's nothing wrong with a short and sweet game.
Yeah, no, no, not not at all.
And it's it's it's like you collect hats.
So there's lots of hats that you can wear.
Thanks for watching!
Bobby Blackwolf in chat.
I swear there's more people chatting tonight, but Bobby's just hitting a lot of zingers, or I want to make him feel good because it's his birthday.
You pick.
Bobby Blackwolf in chat says, short and sweet games are great, like Little Kitty, Big City, and Hi-Fi Rush.
Well, hold that thought.
We're going to get into the news here.
And I'm sure y'all are thinking about it.
Yes, yes, we will.
We will be talking about that.
But first, let's do a follow up here.
We don't usually get to do a follow up as a kickoff topic.
But how about this, and the joys of doing a live show that then pushes to the podcast feed later that night.
And I've, I've
I've been very good over the last probably 500 episodes.
I wasn't always good in the history of this show, but I would say probably ever since the All Games move, which was a long time ago, quite frankly, if not the VOG move, certainly.
I'm pretty good about getting the show all packaged and put on the podcast feed by probably midnight Pacific time.
By the time I go to bed Pacific time, it's up on the podcast feed right around the time those overseas across the Atlantic are waking up, they can download it and do all that.
once in a great while maybe because of a technical mess up or I have to do some deeper editing or just a personal engagement right after the show once in a great while maybe it's delayed by a day but for the most part it hits the feed by midnight pacific by the time this show hit the feed
There was already a huge update to what we spent the entire opening of the show last week talking about.
And that was, of course, Helldivers 2.
We got into it with the debate last week, but it was good spirited debate talking about the industry and everything, talking about all the perspectives and what we could do about it.
Well, it turns out
We didn't need to do anything further about it.
Sony was already preparing the press release to change course.
PlayStation wrote in a tweet that went out at nine o'clock Pacific.
So this was timed nine o'clock Pacific on May 5th.
So literally less than 45 minutes after our show ended, probably less than 30.
Helldivers fans, we've heard your feedback on the Helldivers 2 account linking update.
The May 6th update, which would have required Steam and PlayStation Network account linking for new players and for current players beginning May 30th, will not be moving forward.
We're still learning what is best for PC players and your feedback has been invaluable.
Thanks again for your continued support of Helldivers 2 and we'll keep you updated on future plans.
So all of that talk we were talking about how to get to Sony and how to get get our way and all that.
Never mind.
Well, okay, I say that, but I think some of us also kind of see that well, this has worked for now.
But for example, we have Ghosts of Tsushima, the director's cut is coming.
I believe that is still going to require
a Steam and PlayStation-linked account to play online.
Now, there is a single-player mode you may not need, and they yanked Ghost of Tsushima's sales in many, many countries, pretty much all the countries where there isn't PlayStation Network.
So you can see already that Sony is laying the groundwork to do this in the future, and that groundwork is they will not sell in the non-PlayStation Network countries in the future.
That is the solution.
Mike Deft is confirming Ghost of Tsushima only needs a PSN account for multiplayer, but still pretty crappy.
Not to mention that now a lot of countries don't have access to those games now.
That is true.
So this issue isn't going away necessarily.
But for now, for Helldivers, and for that game and that experience, the review bombing and the vocalize on Twitter and all the other things have had their effect.
They reverse course.
For now.
Tada.
So all right.
Anyway, um, let's move on and talk about the other big story going on because that was in the news for like a day.
And then some other big news dropped and just stole the whole damn show.
Everybody's talking about this Loki.
Can you recap what's going on at Microsoft?
So Microsoft decided, hey, you know, we have a lot of goodwill.
What do you say we just burn all of it right about now?
And that's what they did.
So, um, well, essentially, you simply you made this news so simple and easy to digest.
It's just easy.
It's just going to break it down for a bit.
It just works.
It just works.
So Microsoft announced that they're going to be shutting down four studios that they had acquired under the Bethesda Xenimax umbrella.
Those studios being Arcane Austin, Tango Gameworks, Alpha Dog Games, and well Roundhouse Games is actually being absorbed into Xenimax Online.
Arcane Austin worked on Redfall as well as, you know, they previously did like the Dishonored series and that type of stuff.
Tango Gameworks did the extremely popular and, you know, hitting all the possible accolades that Microsoft ever would possibly want this game to hit, Hi-Fi Rush.
And then AlphaDog Games did Mobile Doom.
So with that,
Why?
Well, according to Matt Booty, the head of Xbox Game Studios, these changes are grounded in prioritizing high impact titles and further investing in Bethesda's portfolio of blockbuster games and beloved worlds, which you've nurtured over many decades.
In other words, they're going to keep making Fallout.
They're going to keep making Elder Scrolls and they're not going to take risks on anything else.
Along with that, you know, they're saying that they're hoping to consolidate their Bethesda studio team so they can invest more deeply in their portfolio games with new IP and smaller number of roles across selected publishing corporate teams will be eliminated.
I don't like...
Arcane Austin makes some sense a little bit with, you know, how bad Redfall did.
Now that's to say I would still cut them some slack because of all of the Dishonored stuff.
Yeah, and Prey was pretty well received too.
Prey, exactly.
And considering that this is like a game that sounds like it was more of like
by committee by sea level suite executives saying oh hey we want we want you to make a live service game and you have to like force it in there and it has to be out on xyz date period exactly so i think there's a lot of that that needs to be accounted for there
I don't love this whole studio makes one flop game and they're shut down.
But I get it.
The optics of when they announced that this studio was shutting down, there definitely was that moment of, well, yeah, Redfall wasn't great.
But it was like, I hate that.
I kind of hate that.
That we're conditioned to accept that.
Loki, what were you saying?
Oh, I was going to say, well, that makes some sense or like you can kind of paint that picture.
However, Tango Gameworks with Hi-Fi Rush, which sold great, won tons of awards and was generally one of the best games that came out last year for the Xbox platform.
That makes no sense.
And Evil Within, which many people were hoping for a sequel to as well.
A second sequel, before I get corrected in chat.
So it's like, yeah, oh, well, bad game, studio gets closed.
Good game, studio gets closed.
What?
That logic doesn't make any sense.
I definitely am not going to defend the logic, but I do want to point out that Tango Gameworks was already having some transitions behind the scenes before this news.
Most notably, Shinji Mikami had already left Tango Gameworks quite some time, and apparently he even
I don't know if he tweeted.
Yeah, he tweeted.
He said, tango closed sad.
That was his reaction, which I mean, is really all that needs to be said.
But he he left some time ago and has founded a new company.
Now again, I certainly am not defending the decision.
But it is one of those things where you kind of go, Hmm, someone maybe saw the writing on the wall and got out.
So yeah, possibly.
Yeah.
And even still, though, like having a Japanese studio, you're trying to work your way into the Japanese market.
Like, why?
Why just throw that all away?
Like, I don't understand, especially after they had a profitable game and by their own admission, like it hit every metric that they could possibly have for that game.
And then some exceeded those metrics.
That was Microsoft's phrasing on that, like,
Here's, this is, this is what it is.
This is what it is.
And it's so obvious, you know, and Phil Spencer's taken a lot of heat for this, what's going on this week.
And I'm not, I'm not here to defend him.
I realize I've talked very up on Phil Spencer, because I do think especially on the personality side of things, he's brought a lot of good things to the game industry.
I'm not here to defend him.
However,
I do feel like this whole thing reeks of something that wasn't his decision.
This came from above him.
This reeks of something that came from the highest of highest levels, at the Microsoft level, not even considering the gaming's division.
And the reason why I say that is because we have all these stories coming out left and right
Sarah Bond
I kinda, like, if I was in her shoes, which I'm really glad I'm not, I don't know what else there is to say because it just reeked of, it was not her decision, but she had to defend this decision that was coming up from even above her.
And Bobby Blackwolf in chat says, Microsoft is scrutinizing Xbox.
And that's it.
That's it.
Microsoft is scrutinizing Xbox at the highest level.
And the thing that sucks about this is that this was very much a spreadsheet.
What's coming in?
What's coming out?
What's the plan?
What's this?
And do you think that spreadsheet said, oh, this was up for so many Game of the Year awards or oh, this has so much goodwill in the community?
No, these cuts were made based on red ink only.
That's where these cuts were made by people who don't know anything about video games.
And that was the funniest part about it too is because like right after they closed those studios, they're like, hey, you know what we really need?
We need smaller games that are winning awards and stuff like that.
It's like you already had one.
You just you closed the studio.
Yeah.
Well, and it goes to show the disconnect again between I think the people that are actually running Xbox and the people in the even higher suite at Microsoft and God, probably wanting to put even more people on Microsoft Teams and Microsoft Copilot because that's where they see the future and all that stuff.
Here's you know, and I've kind of thought about the real like ugly response this whole thing has had on social media and rightfully so I get why people are pissed.
Hi-Fi Rush was a great game.
It was also great to see Microsoft investing in some pretty cool things and kind of carving out this own identity for themselves that they have had a very hard time navigating in this war with Sony PlayStation, Nintendo Switch or whatever you want to call it.
They've had a very hard time carving out their own identity beyond Halo.
DarkSakura, VOG Network, DJ Ranma S, Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
We've been sitting here for years and I don't mean just us here at Orange Lounge Radio but we're part of it and I think a lot of you that are really passionate about video games and a lot of people out on the internet have been sitting here for a very long time defending this idea and supporting this idea and uplifting this idea that video games are art.
Video games are art.
And a lot of people saw Hi-Fi Rush as a pretty cool piece of art that like that's a neat video game.
That's where we want to see video games go.
This week was a kick in the face reminder that video games are in fact, a business.
And that sucks.
Now, it's not to say that there can't be an overlap, that art and business can kind of go hand in hand a little bit, because just look at the movie industry, specifically the big budget movie industry.
But we're seeing a lot of extremely similar painful points happening over in that industry, because the business is making the decisions, not the art.
And it's just, it's all the corporate, the over corporatization of the world basically that is kind of causing all this because if you look at it's not just like in the video game space, it's everywhere that you have corporate decisions, executives ruining all sorts of things by
just mismanaging everything.
There's no accountability for these upper management because they make these decisions to close these studios and then they get like millions and millions of dollar bonuses from doing all of this.
And it's just it doesn't matter how badly they mismanage it.
They get so much money from it.
You look at Bobby Kotick.
I mean, perfect example.
I don't know.
One of the things too, Matt Booty also explained that, you know, basically Xbox and Bethesda studios have been spread too thin.
He called it like peanut butter on bread.
I don't think peanut butter spread on bread is very thin, but whatever.
That the team leaders felt understaffed.
It's hard to support nine studios across the world with a lean central team with an ever-growing plate of things to do.
And I think we're about to topple over.
Stop buying studios then.
Yeah, that...
That is purely a commentary.
That's a shooting yourself in the foot comment because that's purely a commentary on the management and the executive level decisions that are going into that.
That's that.
How does that happen?
That's that's a fault of management.
The only
In that whole thing you were explaining, the only thing that makes sense is the move of the studio that got absorbed into doing Elder Scrolls Online type of work, because that's reallocating the resources, right?
That's why that one doesn't feel as painful.
I mean, I'm sure it's and I'm sorry to folks that work at that studio that may be listening.
But you know, you sort of feel a little more like, okay, well, at least those folks are still working and the resources are being allocated where it makes sense.
And so it kind of sucks that that isn't happening at a higher level at Microsoft.
And it really sucks that the board and the CEO above above make these decisions and none of them are ever liable.
Which is why I wouldn't be sad to see Phil Spencer leave after this.
However, I don't think that's going to happen.
I actually, I, I, I'm not sure he's completely to blame.
He's a little bit to blame.
Some of this mismanagement is certainly on him, but I don't think he's as much to blame as those above him.
So who signed off on the ABK acquisition in the first place?
It, it just shows you like, here's the thing is like, I think to take it even more basic than that, it's like,
Thanks for watching!
Um, I want to play the Sarah Bond quote from it because SSA 100 Matt actually found it.
I apologize my co host because the way things are wired, you guys can't hear this.
But I do want to play this here just so those that haven't heard it can hear it.
Because she really does.
This is really word salad here and but but kind of listen to it.
Listen to it out now that we've talked about this.
If you haven't taken a second to digest this.
Now listen to this and listen to her comments in the context of
I'm having to speak for a decision that I had no say in.
Even though I'm the president of Xbox, I am now going to speak for a decision I had no hand in.
Okay, I'm going to play this clip.
Here we go.
This is from a Bloomberg interview that's been circling around Twitter and it's on YouTube as well.
One of the things I really love about the games industry is it's a creative art form.
And it means that the situation and what success is for each game and studio is also really unique.
Like, there's no one size fits all to it for us.
And so we look at each studio, each game team, and we look at a whole variety of factors when we're faced with sort of making decisions and trade-offs like that.
But it all comes back to our long-term commitment to the games we create, the devices we build, the services, and ensuring that we're setting ourselves up to be able to deliver on those promises.
I'm sorry, you can see it in her face.
This is painful for her.
I'm trying not to read into it too much, but I can see it on her face.
This is painful.
It's not something she really wanted to talk about, but too bad.
That's what you're getting paid to do, right?
That's the whole thing.
And this answer that she gives about the whole, well,
each studio kind of has its different measures that it's held to.
And all of it is to ensure the long term success.
I mean, like, when you kind of listen to it at that highest level, it like it even just comes through more that it's like, yeah, each studio was really measured at its own sort of level.
And if it was, well, it's going to take us four years or five years to make a hi fi rush to
or an Evil Within 3 or whatever it is we're working on, then you know what, sorry, it's not worth the investment because the second half of what she says, we have to invest in the long-term projects and the long-term future and all of that as well.
And yeah, many folks in chat are calling out how then the producers over at Bloomberg then frame it with this shot in the background.
And for those in the podcast, there's a shot of Microsoft's Xbox
year over year growth and you see a lot of painful years and then you see it just take off.
It's really hard to read the labels.
I'm going to assume that's 2020, 2021, 2022, 2023, or maybe, you know, some type of financial year.
But
I will also say this in fairness of the graph, as much as it's easy to point and go, this is awkward.
Well, keep in mind, the Xbox one and that entire era was a pain point for Microsoft that they've corrected with game pass and all this other stuff.
Yeah.
And E3VL says it's declining at the end.
Yeah.
Because everything took off during COVID and all of that time, you know, and this is, this is the industry kind of, you know, this is a problem in the industry as a whole.
In fact,
Another thing I was kind of thinking about with all of this
I really feel like, you know, we're coming up on about 41 years since one of the biggest things that has ever happened in the video game industry.
And that was the video game crash of, I usually say 1984, but many people would say it actually started around 83 and didn't really end until the NES came out in America in 85.
But there was this whole video game crash of 83, 84.
And in some ways, I really feel like what we're going through now,
is another video game crash.
It's a different kind.
It's it's not the exact you know, I like a lot of people are gonna be quick to correct me.
Well, the original video game crash was about you know, the the influx of cartridges or retail spaces that well,
hold on there's there's some common themes actually going on here and that is that whole retail space and what that all looks like is changing as we see that Target and all these stores are starting to get rid of the shelf space for video games which is weird because it's like what the industry kind of wants in a way but you know that's all leading to this whole thing and just you know again the the industry having these huge expectations and
I just thought of it.
Instead of everybody wants their own Atari cartridge, everybody wants their own cartridge, everybody wants to make their own thing, everybody wants to make their own live service game.
That's what it is.
That's the video game crash of 2024.
Everybody thinks they can make their own instead of an Atari cartridge.
It's they're making their startup to do their own battle pass, to do their own live service game, to do their own free to play mobile title, to do their own way on how this is going to work.
And it is all coming to this head that a lot of that is very expensive to make, and it's all falling apart.
And so yeah, again, it's not a one for one, but there are so many similarities that I really think what we're looking at right now is that video game crash that many people have been saying has been coming for a long time now.
It's happening.
Now, is it going to affect the consumer in the same way?
Because you know, again, indies, self publishing, that's always still going to kind of be a thing that is always there in the back of the industry.
It's not like video games are going to go away or anything like that.
But I really think you know, when it comes to what we're looking at right here, the closure of these big studios and the removal of these big titles.
Yeah, there is some commonality there.
I don't know.
Just something I was thinking about with all this and just the layoffs on layoffs on layoffs.
This industry is changing, and it's hard to feel like it's for the better.
I was going to mention some additional things regarding Arcane.
So, you know, they were obviously still working on Redfall during this whole time.
So along with that, you know, there was the Battle Pass and all that stuff.
DLC that was promised to the players of Redfall that is not coming out anymore.
So they're they're not going to continue development on it.
So now, of course, Xbox is going, well, the servers are going to remain online for players to enjoy.
And then we will make we'll provide make good offers to players who purchase the Hero DLC.
Also, they were working on offline mode because the game was online only.
That is not going to happen anymore.
And that mode was almost done.
Yeah.
and then of course we have HiFiRush was supposed to come out on the switch at some point it's been kind of teased for a long time well don't expect that one because there's no one left to make it and and hit the publish button or whatever you want to call it so it's it's it also kind of feels like dang like when they turn it off they turn it off when they make a move they make them like almost like you know inconsequential of anything else
Comments in chat?
SGO100 Matt says entertainment sector in general is leaning towards this.
Marvel Studios even said that they're going to cut down on MCU movies and shows to maybe two a year rather than several.
Well, talk about an area that feels like spread thin peanut butter or whatever the hell that analogy was like that I would absolutely applies in the Marvel Universe as well.
SheHulk10 in chat says, I really enjoyed Redfall and I predict it will be considered a must play classic game and one of the best games ever made someday.
That's quite a statement.
But I do know that Redfall has its fans.
And I will say this, that single player thing, probably the only... I don't see a negative coming out of the single player thing.
It would have served to bring in new fans, if nothing else.
And the fact that that isn't going to happen, it sucks.
I wonder if modders don't figure this out or so I wonder if something doesn't happen where there's I mean it might be a little I know with server and you'd really be talking about the games code I realize it's it's maybe maybe maybe someday well here's the thing here's the thing okay so this this is something that sometimes happens game studios close assets are sold off dev code that's unfinished magically gets out there somehow
And then the codes found later on and all sorts of things come out.
And it's not to say there'll never be a HiFiRush 2, because Microsoft now owns the IP.
And maybe maybe Blizzard makes a HiFiRush 2.
They won't.
But you know, maybe another studio makes a HiFiRush 2.
And again, I wouldn't get my hopes up.
And it may not look the same or, you know, really be what you're hoping for.
But
They do own the name at this point, and that's about all they own.
This is just this has just been a hard thing to watch for the industry as a whole.
It's one of those when it when is this going to end?
When when when?
I will say though, you know, what's interesting in this whole thing?
I'm sorry, I'm going to bring I brought this up before, but I have to bring it up again.
Because you know, what's interesting in this whole thing.
We have watched these studios, layoffs, all this stuff.
And you know, who seems to be in their own fucking bubble, doing their own thing and immune to all this once again, Nintendo.
And this is one of those weird things.
where I feel like Nintendo purposefully being behind the curve on tech has actually really paid off for them.
Think about it.
Nintendo games don't have battle passes.
Nintendo games don't do any of that stuff.
And here they are sitting fine.
I don't know.
Just interesting.
For now.
I hope I didn't season passes.
I hope I didn't just damn them with that comment.
Kinda.
Yeah, they have.
But it's just DLC.
And Nintendo has a pretty good reputation of having pretty decent DLC.
Maybe the exception of Splatoon three.
And I think that's where you're starting to see it slip a little bit.
But they also happen to have more responsible management.
I Yes, yes.
There's been a precedent set already, rest in peace Iwata, but that was the example I think that others in the company sort of strive to follow, at least that's the feeling that I have.
And again, I think it may be just a very Japanese thing to put the interest of the company above your own interests.
What's best for longevity?
What's best for everybody there instead of what's going to line my pocket?
Anyway, I hope this is the last we have to report on studio closures this year, but I fear it won't be.
But we have no choice but to move on.
It's just very hard to be a video game enthusiast when all the enthusiasm is getting sucked out of the room.
That's why I play old shit.
I don't blame you.
And DJ Ranma S also brings up an interesting perspective that really plays into this whole situation.
DJ Ranma S says, Rob, that's the answer.
Nintendo is a gaming company.
Microsoft is a tech company.
Sony is a multimedia company.
There's your difference.
Well, also Nintendo makes cards.
Well, you know, they have a pretty big arm on the retail front, too.
But just, you know, yes, that goes back to the gaming.
Yes.
What you're seeing happen to Microsoft this week was the tech arm of the company making changes in the gaming arm.
That's what happened.
I think succinctly, yes.
Why is this happen to Microsoft?
Why doesn't it happen at Nintendo?
I think that's a very succinct way of putting it.
Yes.
Alright, anyway, let's talk about the games that do bring us joy and do make us enthusiastic as we talk about our gaming weeks.
How was your gaming week?
DarkSakura, I know you had mentioned some big things in your week.
How was your gaming week?
Busier than usual.
I spent a lot of time trying to figure out different games to play.
I did beat Dracula X Nocturne in the Moonlight last night.
I will continue to call it by its Japanese name since I was playing the Japanese version.
This was the Sega Saturn one, but translated to English with the PSP dialogue and most of the dialogue voices, although all the background voices were still the same.
And I love that game.
It's such a fun game.
And basically, once I had the walk armor and my Yata Tuna, which took forever to get, I beat the game.
So I was happy with it.
I got my happy ending with Maria chasing after Alucard.
Spoilers for a bajillion years old game.
Also played Dead by Daylight, because of course I did.
Also played Avatar Frontiers of Pandora.
I am waiting for whatever the season pass stuff to kick in.
They said summer, so maybe.
But I'm finishing up all of the quests I have left to do.
And then I busted out more of the classics.
So I played Vulfied for PC Engine, aka TurboGrafx-16, which is the successor to Kix.
and I screamed at it a lot last night.
Played a little Knuckles Chaotix, just enough to remember why I don't play Knuckles Chaotix.
I played X-Men Children of the Atom for Saturn, you know, the fighting game.
I kind of have lost my ability to play that game.
I played another fighting game called Rabbit for the Saturn.
It's really pretty.
I played a bunch of Luminesce today for PSP.
I love that game.
I love the music in it.
But I think I might move on to Luminesce 2, just because I like the music in that better.
I played Galactic Pinball for Virtual Boy, and that's enough to realize why I do not play anything on the Virtual Boy.
I played Summer Carnival 92, Elzotic, for the PC Engine.
It's another one of those, like Wrecka was, the summer carnival games, the little shooting game that was timed, and I had fun with it.
And I play a bunch of Star Parodia, also for PC Engine CD.
Super CD-ROM!
Of course I played as the PC Engine, and I love the power-ups in that game, because, like, when you get a shield, it's little PC Engine controllers, and one of your secondary weapons is shooting out a bunch of CDs, and you collect two cards for your power-ups.
I also started playing something that I immediately now regret starting to play.
I started playing that RuPaul game on my iPhone.
Help.
I didn't even know there was a RuPaul game.
That game wants you to watch a bajillion ads and spend all of your money.
And I'm kind of sick at it, but it's also a good waste of time.
I'm still playing wordscapes because, you know, I like making my brain do things.
And that's it.
All right.
I played a bunch.
Yeah, you had a very busy week, busier than mine.
We'll go to Loki.
How was your gaming week?
Well, this week, I actually played different things.
Oh, my goodness.
What?
I know it's nuts.
Who are you and what have you done with Loki?
Sorry, I've been trying to like play other things.
Actually, you know, funny enough, my my son wanted me to set up Steam family sharing.
So now he has access to like 900 games.
So, you know,
But anyways, yeah, I played, of course, Little Kitty, Big City.
So I almost 100% of that played that for like a few hours the other day.
I've been like extremely tired.
So because of this, whatever this virus is I have now, it's like kind of like a bronchitis, pneumonia thing, but thankfully don't have pneumonia, but still annoying.
And so it's just like really like
DarkSakura, VOG Network, DJ Ranma S, Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
So I don't know what it is, but it's some sort of virus that causes like a bacterial infection and stuff and it's not fun.
But anyways, so I was playing, yeah, Loki, Big City.
I picked up, I haven't played it yet, but I picked up that new...
and gosh, I don't remember what it's called now.
Never mind.
There's the new Big Mode game, their first publishing game, Animal Well or something like that.
I think that's maybe what it's called.
And of course, going back to my recent favorite game so far this year is, of course, Turbo Kid.
Been playing more of that.
Really great Metroidvania game and just working more on the Minecraft stuff, doing a lot of aimless things in game just to try to
DarkSakura, VOG Network, DJ Ranma S, Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
I downloaded the mod to downgrade Fallout and I was like, ah, that looks like a lot of work.
I'm gonna go play the cat games.
So I didn't play Fallout 4, unfortunately.
Alright, well my gaming week, I had a pretty busy week with work, was doing some traveling and stuff, so not a lot of gaming time, but I did play Diablo 4, as I have been, but big breaking news, I finished the Battle Pass.
I was working so hard on, because there is a big patch coming on Tuesday.
BATTLE PASS REWORK
I finished the battle pass that felt good.
And then otherwise I've been playing mostly and DarkSakura I wonder if you know that this is a thing because I remember this was a when you love this game the most but World of Warcraft classic got its cataclysm pre patch this last week.
So I have been playing I started a worgen to experience that whole storyline again and I've been playing what's essentially cataclysm I think the only thing like I think it's still walled off you can't go from 80 to 85 yet but you know you can do the whole like all the you know how like the world changed all that all of that is in place and all the quality of life stuff more importantly is there and it's interesting to see some of the quality of life things they kept from modern wow just a few but like the transmogrifier and all that stuff and the
the way that you have just a library of all the gear you've accumulated through time that you can transport.
That's all in the game, which I don't think was there at least during the first.
I think transmogrifier became a thing that came out.
It didn't work later.
Yeah, it came out later, but it didn't work the same way.
Did it come out around Pandaria?
You might be right.
That might be right.
I think the book was even during I think that was during like the like Warlords of Draenor, the expansion after, honestly.
But anyway, I didn't play Warlords or
I went right on to Legion after that.
Well, I keep playing it for weeks and weeks, probably not.
I'll start the new Diablo 4 season for sure.
It's like, let's do it all over again.
But also, Final Fantasy XIV is getting a huge patch.
Well, not a huge patch, but an event, the Moogletome event, which is what I will finish leveling everything to 90, because we're like six weeks away from the Final Fantasy XIV expansion.
So I'm all about that when that comes out.
Bobby Blackwolf says, are you going to pay for the battle pass?
I'm going to really try to hold off this time and make sure I get far enough through it and I enjoy the season enough that it's worth it.
Because when all said and done, season three was the weakest season.
Season one and two were better.
But to Blizzard's credit,
They really do listen to player feedback because the dumbest thing about season 3 was the whole trap dungeons and all of that.
And they made a patch pretty quickly into the season that really nerfed how many hits you could take in a trap dungeon and still get the reward.
Like they made it like 10 times as many hits and they just made it so much better through what they were doing.
It became a little more bearable.
But I think the only reason I really liked season three was it was my first time playing a barbarian.
And honestly, barbarians probably my favorite class in Diablo four so far.
And that even surprised me, but they are so much fun and really satisfying with the moveset.
So next season, I'm going to play a mage, because it's the one so in
Regular Diablo 4 before there were Battle Passes, I played a Druid.
Season 1, I did a Necromancer.
Season 2, I did a Hunter.
Season 3, I did a Barbarian.
So the only class I have left is Mage, Wizard, whatever you want to call it.
So that's what I'm going to play this next season.
So.
I gave you a little incentive, Rob.
Bring back Sassy Pants.
That was my World of Warcraft character, my OG, the original World of Warcraft character was Sassy Pants.
No, my current World of Warcraft character, you know, all the good names are taken.
It's hard.
So I started to name, you know, I like to name after cute things, sugary things, which is ironic, I know.
Breakfast cereals, things like that.
So the name of my character is Donets, my hostess.
You know what, Rob, if I started playing it,
We would have because remember when we were going around with like our like complementary characters?
Yes.
For a while.
We need to make Trixie and Katya.
I'm sure those names are taken.
We'd have to misspell them, but that would be.
Well, screw that.
We're the best.
I love it.
I mean, I still have Rebecca Black, though.
I love that character.
That was that was fun.
I have the best memory.
doing things with friends and having vacation time.
So we'll bring me back to my lord.
I just it'll be in my belly.
No, I'll bring I like my lord.
I'm that weirdo.
That's like this isn't as bad as you want to make it out to be.
Yeah.
I want to try it and and and those amazing chocolates.
Well, I'll actually say I don't know how much I but I am going out for an Ingress event as well.
Like it's kind of a combo thing, because I can see my friends, Ingress is like a big thing.
But the Ingress after party, we were able to pre buy shots of Malort.
And you can actually get them out of a toilet bowl.
What?
So I ordered a shot of Malort in a toilet bowl that I will be doing.
The little miniature ones.
Loki, I see you making faces.
I'm going to go look up a toilet bowl of shot glasses.
Bobby Black Woman Chat says, Then again, you like Beverly, so I can see why you like Malort.
All I have to say is I exist.
I'm not bothered by Jägermeister either, which most people are like.
You know, no, Jägermeister is disgusting.
It's, it's, it's licorice.
It's dirt.
God, even your Vtuber made a face.
See?
I need to screen cap that because that should be your new little icon.
All right.
Anyway, let's move on.
Let's talk about what else is going on in games, because there's a little bit this way.
I did it for you.
Thank you.
All right.
We'll go to Loki.
Well, it's a story about EA, so that's got to be a good story, right?
Positive.
You know, we just came off of all these different.
Are they releasing a new pinball construction set?
Uh, no.
No, they're they're adding ads to games.
because, you know, that's what we want, you know, more money for EA.
So EA CEO Andrew Wilson said on a May 7th earnings call that he where he was asked about the dynamic ad insertion within AAA games and if he thought it was possible or a possible source of cash flow for the company.
Wilson said EA sees advertising as a possible meaningful driver of growth, but wants it to be thoughtful about how ads could be implemented into its games.
I don't think he really wants, he's probably not thinking too much about how thoughtful ads could be inserted in the games and I assert, considering how many ads we already have in EA titles as it is when we're talking about sports because it's realistic to the sports broadcast, I honestly could see them just inserting this wherever they can to make as much money as they can considering that they're selling these games for $70
on top of all the other things that they're selling with these games.
I don't know.
For me, I don't buy EA games because it's sports or Star Wars at this point.
I mean, there hasn't been a battlefield in a while.
And yep, I don't really care to play those right now.
I don't know.
It's not surprising.
You know, and the whole thing that just feels like a kick in the crotch with all of this is that, you know, again, it's not like these games aren't going to continue to be $70 and now they're shoving ads into it as well.
It's like, you know, it's like when your Amazon Prime plan that you are watching TV shows and movies ad free on suddenly gets ads into them, but the cost didn't go down at all.
They are treating
Triple A games like mobile get titles.
They are they're basically going.
See, because the way it is, is we had 2020 with the pandemic.
All of all these companies profits went up.
And the problem with these companies is they're always trying to have infinite growth.
And you just cannot do that.
They're not satisfied with, hey, we're a company that makes $20 billion in revenue or something like that.
And that's good enough.
You know, we can sustain ourselves.
We're always going to make that 20 billion each year.
Cool.
No, no, they need to make more and more each year.
The problem is
there are a finite number of, well, hours in the day, finite numbers of players, and those players have finite amount of money.
And so you can't just keep, you can't keep making more profit.
I mean, they're already super profitable as is, and they're doing lots of things to just, basically, it's just all for the shareholders.
Well, and I, yeah, I don't mean to sound like a broken record, but
I don't mean to sound like a broken record but the thing is the only company again that I've ever heard the phrase cash on hand used with is Nintendo that they were able to absorb the floppage of the Wii U because they banked some of that money they made with the Wii and they set it aside in case they ever had a flop someday again I just the only company in gaming I ever seem to hear that phrase cash on hand with
Just interesting, that's all.
well received because they were very intrusive.
For example, you may remember Capcom had some advertising in Street Fighter five, I believe five.
Yeah.
Street Fighter five, where they inserted all sorts of like logos on the players in the arena.
Like it was ridiculous.
This match sponsored by Bud Light or whatever it is.
There were ads for the boys in UFC four.
But once again, you know, there was, you know, backlash to that.
I mean, you have a lot of these companies trying to sell advertising.
Dark to Sia in chat says, Yeah, Street Fighter V was a mess from what I understand.
Well, it was an odd number Street Fighter game.
Cue DarkSakura defending three.
Um, no.
Okay.
Oh, I thought you'd have something nice to say about three.
Um, uh, it didn't have Sakura, so why would I say something nice about it?
They had very fluid movements.
It's very nice.
Even like, was it even, you know, Death Stranding had a Mountain Dew in it.
I mean, it's just it.
There's a lot of like product placement and stuff in these.
Oh, Cup Noodle and Final Fantasy XV.
That was the best.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I mean.
I don't know, it's just it.
You just have to vote with your wallet.
And unfortunately, with EA, there's a lot of diehard sports fans that will literally buy anything that they put out.
They are kind of in like that cult likes, you know, cycle with them where
I mean, there will be a breaking point at some point, but a lot of people... There are gamers that only game for Madden.
There are gamers that only game for Madden.
And that's, we have to accept that and that they are gamers too.
Well, and that's what that's what monopolies get you, because if you had multiple sports games out there, not to say that 2K would do any better, because they certainly aren't.
If you had other sports games out there that were competing with each other, like multiple NFL games,
If a company decides not to do that, that game could be possibly more popular.
Fuck the NFL.
No, fuck the NFL.
Quote me.
Fuck the NFL.
Have Nintendo put out another super high impact.
You don't need the NFL.
Just put out something really fucking clever that goes around it.
Mario football.
Is it Mario football?
Exactly.
All right.
Well, speaking of Nintendo, how would you all like to get an announcement of an announcement?
Because that's what we got this week.
That is what Nintendo said about the Nintendo Switch 2.
Finally, responding sort of to some of the many rumors out there, Nintendo President Shintaro Furukawa has officially confirmed via
The world's favorite press release website, Twitter, saying that the Nintendo Switch successor will be announced within this fiscal year.
So that runs until March 2025.
In a tweet from Nintendo Co Ltd, which is not a parody account, it is the official Nintendo company Twitter,
This is Furukawa, President of Nintendo.
We will make an announcement about the successor to Nintendo Switch within this fiscal year.
It will have been over nine years since we announced the existence of Nintendo Switch back in March 2015.
Nine years.
Wow.
We will be holding a Nintendo Direct this June regarding the Nintendo Switch software lineup for the latter half of 2024, but please be aware that there will be no mention of the Nintendo Switch successor during that presentation.
You know what I like that he's doing is setting the fucking expectations reasonably.
So he's basically saying, we're gonna do an E3 Memorial Direct.
Okay, so like Microsoft, who is also doing an E3 Memorial Direct, we're gonna do an E3 Memorial Direct in June, because that's what y'all are used to.
So why rock the boat?
But he says, do not, do not, don't expect that there's going to be a lick of information about the Nintendo Switch 2.
We will announce it later.
So what you're saying is I should expect a Switch 2 announcement.
They just want to keep me on my toes.
Cue the podcasts.
Cue the three hour YouTubes.
Cue it all.
It's Nintendo.
They do what they want.
Reading into what Furukawa is saying about the Nintendo Switch 2 and what we might see in June.
Switch 2 is coming out in June.
Got it.
That's what I heard.
Anyway, so for the rest of you that are reasonable out there, now you know that in June they will be announcing basically what the ramp down for the Switch looks like.
And you know, is there going to be a big holiday title?
Does Metroid Prime 4 make it for this holiday?
Or is there another thing Nintendo's cooking?
What other Wii U ports might they make?
Do we get Xenoblade Chronicles X?
Do we finally just finish it off and get that one too?
Like, what else is coming?
We will find all that out in June, what the ramp down looks like, and then we'll get the new console.
SSU 100 Matt says Nintendo is trying to control the narrative.
They're tired of their stock taking hints and trending negatively after every direct because the switch to wasn't announced.
Yeah, so he's he's gonna let the stock take a hit now.
We are not bringing up the switch to it will spoiler alert.
It'll take a hit anyway, because investors are dumb.
It's it's gonna.
Yeah, it's it's gonna take a hit anyway.
But
There was also an interesting kind of Q&A about, aren't you worried about cutting into the sales of the Switch by announcing the Switch 2?
And you already know the answer is, nah.
The Switch is strong enough that we're going to be, and we have cash on hand.
He just said that it's nine years old.
I mean, like, they'll just discount it.
Yeah, or possibly come out with another.
Wait, Nintendo and discount in the same sentence?
Mm hmm.
I mean, that would be a hell of a way to go with the switch a closeout sale stock up on that because Oh, the other thing that is interesting about Nintendo switch to that they did confirm is that Nintendo switch to will have physical media which we kind of knew but it is nice to sort of have that confirmed that portability still means you can have a cartridge for it.
So
All right.
Anyway, let's move on and talk about some other headlines.
DarkSakura, a gaming arena near and dear to your heart.
Two of them, actually.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
I'm excited.
I forgot to add it on myself, and I'm glad that you did.
I sort of thought of you.
These are two things that I love is Dead by Daylight and Dungeons and Dragons.
Although I am second edition for life.
do not step to me.
Your lack of THAC0 is wacko.
Yeah.
Yeah.
What Rob said.
I'm going to, I'm going to make that on a shirt, Rob.
Okay.
Hey, you're talking about opening up the OLR shop again.
There you go.
Your lack of THAC0 is wacko.
Copyright Rob Roberts.
Anyway, the next chapter for Dead by Daylight is going to be a D&D-themed chapter.
And I believe this one is going to have definitely a new killer.
I don't know about a new survivor.
I have to double-check the roadmap again.
But there is going to be on Tuesday.
I think it's on Tuesday?
Yeah, it is on Tuesday.
Yeah, a live conversation.
And this happens every year because we're coming up on the 8th anniversary.
Where they go over the state of the game and gonna be talking about that.
And the PTB goes live that day, the public test build.
So we'll find out more about it, although a lot of people are already speculating that it's going to be legit Vecna.
Trailer?
Does that look like a beholder?
Yeah, it looked like a Beholder to me.
I mean, it didn't seem like as bodily spherical as I expect a Beholder to be, but I also don't know how a Beholder would work as an enemy in Dead by Daylight.
I mean, maybe like Sadako with telekinetically lifting people.
I mean, we have Chucky.
But that was solved by having, you know, the ghost do all the activity for Chucky when it came to picking up and hooking people.
But I don't know.
I'm pretty happy.
And of course, it was released in full behavior fashion where they put it there and then you don't get anything.
They just say when you're going to learn more.
I'm really hoping that it's as good as I hope it's going to be.
You know what I think would be funny?
Is that if, um, because you know, they totally want like people to buy cosmetics and shit.
I would love it if they release cosmetics for existing survivors based off of certain D&D classes.
Oh, that's cute.
Yeah, in fact, something I'm gonna do is I wanna- Paladin Dwight, please.
Oh, do you think Dwight would really be a paladin, Rob?
Precious little paladin Dwight, please.
Dwight would not be a fucking paladin.
Dwight would be a jester.
No, the bard would be Kate.
Oh, yeah, fair.
Um, Meg would be a flop.
I don't know.
No, Meg is awesome.
You shush.
I think.
Wait, I was just I just want to say real quick about the the Vecna speculation.
It makes a lot of sense.
And it's completely in line with and we have seen DBD do this multiple times to get the license they really want.
They license it in creative ways.
I think Ghostface is the best example of that.
Nowhere in DVD is the word scream in the context of the film ever mentioned.
DB Ghostface.
They even changed the name, his original perk names because of it.
Yeah.
And yeah.
And also, um, the, uh, name that you read the background of the character, it's not any of the killers from scream because what they did, they licensed the same costume that the movie did.
Uh, and then Sadako you mentioned that's a license of the book series, not the movie.
Nope.
Nope.
Incorrect.
I thought it was the book, the ring of books.
Nope.
Nope.
It's a license of the Japanese movie.
Oh,
Well, okay, still.
And in the books, that's still quite a bit different.
Yeah.
And a big thing they can't get away with with trying to do licensing for the US one is the fact that the main antagonist in the American version was a young girl.
Where Sadako canonically was a 19 year old intersex woman who had worked as an actress, killed everybody.
She inherited her mother's psychic abilities and her father locked her in the well and killed her.
There you go.
I know my Ring fandom very well.
We all know the Legion kids were, you know, freaking in high school.
The comic even has them as high school kids.
So I mean, which the Legion comic is fucking great.
But we knew we all knew.
And that's what actually makes I think the characters a little bit more sinister than they are.
Although the comic really made me feel a lot, a lot sadder for Susie.
It'll still going back.
Oh, go ahead.
It'll still be interesting to see what the door opening with Dungeons & Dragons and really Hasbro in general could lead to in the future for Dead by Daylight.
The Monopoly Man.
Or the Monopoly Man.
I was thinking Magic the Gathering.
I don't know.
I mean, keep in mind, whenever I think of D&D, I look at its current logo and go, that's not right.
You know, I'm my my D&D brain is back in the TSR days.
I'm just going to leave it at that.
Of course.
But but I see a lot.
I mean, it would be really funny if they went with cartoon, but I know that that wouldn't play into this.
But I would love to see just the Dungeons and Dragons movie.
Let's get a what's his name?
Yeah, that's really more what I'm thinking it's going to go with.
Yeah.
I mean, and there are some, like, sort of fantasy cosmetics that are already in the game, like Claudette's and Feng's, like, ranger and botanist outfits and whatnot.
And we do have the knight as the killer, so, you know, there's... We do.
I'm pretty sure that Claudette would be a druid.
I'm just gonna say that now.
Yes, Claudette would be a druid.
That does make sense.
But I have another theory.
So this is going back to an announcement they were doing about improvements to the invocation perk where it came with Sable, where she goes in the basement and chants and the more people who join her little magic circle, the faster it goes, which is a rad concept for a perk like summoning demons together.
I'm sorry, that's a fucking rad concept for a perk.
But it was taking two minutes and they reduced it to one minute then with all the other improvements.
What if we get like a mage as a survivor?
Like a flat-out fucking mage.
As a survivor.
I would love the ability to summon a bot.
They have an invocation.
Like I'm not even saying like summon, you know, a creature or something like that.
Now, summoning a bot would be great, but I had another conversation with a friend.
I want to say it was in Nick's chat not long ago about having the killer be a mimic and have them fulfill the original idea of Legion that you couldn't tell that it was a survivor.
Oh, and that was that was the twist in VHS as well, wasn't it?
Kind of.
Kind of.
Yeah.
So what if you have a mimic and, you know, they flat out look like one of the other survivors?
You know, you don't.
I mean, it would have to be someone who was in the lobby with you and you're screwed if you, you know, came with a shroud or something.
But like, you know that they have no terror radius until they start chasing.
And that's like their power is just no terror radius.
And they turn into a mimic.
Could you imagine?
Yeah, that'd have to be, like, play along the same lines of, like, you know, Ghostface or Myers, you know, with just that stalky pretend thing.
That's my thought.
That's what I'd like to see.
Copyright, Jamie.
All right.
Well, we'll get more information on Tuesday, and I'm sure DarkSakura will be probably... No, you can't do PTB still, huh?
But you'll be talking about it if not.
Yeah, I'm going to watch people... I mean, unless I magically get teleported to PC to do PTB, then no.
I've tried so hard to get it to work through GeForce, but because you have to switch... Like, I've switched stuff to PTB, and tried to get it to reload, and still nothing.
So, yeah.
I'm actually really excited about this, plus I like that they're putting back in those little modes that they teased about in some of the surveys that went out.
They were really freaking fun, and seeing them in practice just makes me really, really happy about it.
All right.
Also, quick sidetrack, Jinx, Monsoon, and Doctor Who.
Yes, I said that earlier.
I know.
Yeah.
But I watched the scene.
Oh, did you?
And Jinx, Monsoon, and Doctor Who.
I'm so happy.
I know.
Lots of new Doctor Who fans all of a sudden with everything they're doing this season.
So good times.
All right.
Anyhow, let's move on and talk about, I guess, back on Nintendo for a little bit.
Loki.
Yeah, so there was a comment by Nigel Laurie of Devolver Digital talking about how they feel that indie games do much better on the Switch than other consoles because Nintendo has cultivated a player base that's more open to interesting concepts and smaller games.
Nintendo has created an ecosystem and therefore a user base that is really open to interesting concepts and gameplay ideas.
The PlayStation and Xbox users, for as long as I've been doing this, there's been a lot of people that still like indie games, don't get me wrong, Cole Lamb has done very well on those platforms, but I think the large majority of those people buy those platforms to show off what they can really do.
I think platforms themselves are really strong believers in indie games.
They really do push them.
I think on our end, or on the other end, the consumers, as big as they might be, there's still a smaller portion that we would like on Xbox and PlayStation that are open to looking at a pixel art platform or going, I'll give this a shot.
I think that may be somewhat true, but I also think, too, that cost is a little bit of that, because if you look at like a lot of games that are on Switch, they don't ever get reduced in price.
And so, you know, at least first party titles don't.
And so you have a lot of this like, hey, my kid wants a new game to play.
Well,
DarkSakura, VOG Network, DJ Ranma S, Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
Smaller games or shorter games might be also more popular because you can take it with you and play it as you go.
I would think that's a huge part of it, is that for those games that are multi-platform, I know a lot of people personally that make this decision.
I don't always make the decision this way, but I know others that do that go, oh, well, OK, if I want to get Little Kitty, Big City and it's on PlayStation 5, Xbox and Switch, you know, I'm going to get the Switch version because that way I'll have it on the go.
I can have it portable because Sony and Microsoft don't have portable systems, at least not today.
We see Microsoft.
There's a lot of rumors about Microsoft want to get in that space.
But, you know, certainly, you know, things like the Nvidia shield and things like that, you know, kind of get in Steam Deck, I guess, kind of getting in that space, but nothing, nothing with the volume of the switch.
And I think that honestly, I think a big part of it is as simple as that, is that you feel like there's an extra perk to buying on the switch.
And that is, oh, I can play this on the go as well as on the TV.
Yeah.
So.
All right.
Well, moving on, let's talk to this is another follow up in the Nintendo series.
And we talked about this last week.
And it was confirmed that Nintendo World Championships is a game that is coming.
And it's coming in July.
It's called Nintendo World Championships NES edition.
And this is
This is pretty, oops, sorry, I'm gonna, sorry for the little volume that came through there, but sometimes I don't have my YouTubes completely prepared in advance, but I wanna show this on the second screen, because for those that haven't seen it, there's a whole little trailer that goes along, I'd like to welcome you all, be quiet.
A little second, a little trailer that goes along with this.
And the first half of it is just like interviewing a bunch of people that did the Nintendo World Championships before.
And then finally, like halfway through the trailer, we actually get into,
the actual gameplay itself, which will hopefully load for those of you that are watching live at some point, but I'm going to move on and talk about what is actually in this, because there's a bunch of games that are in it.
13 classic NES games that are in this, including Balloon Fight.
I don't know why it keeps buffering, guys.
Sorry about that.
And of course, now Loki standing up when I went cut to the screen.
The video keeps buffering over here and I don't know why.
Maybe I need to take down the quality or something and maybe it'll play better.
We'll see.
But anyway, 13 games that are going to be in this.
Balloon Fight, Donkey Kong, Excitebike, Ice Climber, Kid Icarus, Kirby's Adventure, Metroid, Mario 1, 2, and 3, Mario Lost Levels, The Legend of Zelda, and Zelda 2, The Adventure of Link.
150 speedrun challenges.
You can warm up by doing, I guess,
You set and beat your own times in the single-player speedrun mode, and then you unlock new challenges and unique in-game pins along the way, and then up to eight players can actually compete locally in party mode.
If you are a Nintendo Switch Online member, you can do the World Championship mode to submit your best times in five challenges that rotate each week!
Listen, assholes!
I called it last week!
Did I not say this would be, wouldn't this be the stretch goal for Nintendo?
You could have different versions of the little cartridge and they could actually rotate every week and you'd have a little leaderboard that you could actually compete against your friends.
I fucking nailed it last week.
Where's my tiara?
Where's my crown?
Where's my cult?
I'm predicting the future over here, people.
Okay, Rob Stradamus.
Thank you.
All right.
Thank you.
I'll take my flowers.
Um, let's see.
DarkTetsuya says, I've been wanting them to revisit the idea of NES Remix.
And that's about what this is sounding like.
Yeah, for sure.
Um, DarkTetsuya says, I'm kind of excited for this, especially now that we know what it is.
PodCulture said, would Rob knock Bobby off the leaderboard?
hopefully, but we'll see.
We'll see.
It depends what the games are actually is would be my real answer to that.
But yeah, those those sons of bitches did it.
They really got an online version of this.
You're gonna be able to compete against your friends and the challenges rotate like they ought to.
And I know it says there's 13 games in it.
But but but what if they added more?
DarkSakura, what do you have?
Well, um, it's a
It's this dead thing that no one plays anymore that just serves to make us feel- I'm just kidding, it's DDR!
Konami announced that there is going to be a new DDR series, Dance Dance Revolution World, so a new version of the game.
There isn't any, like, date announced or any of the features, but
I like the style.
The style of it is very on the lines of like the 2DX styling, I think.
And it has Emi and Rage on it.
So, hey, welcome back from the abyss, you two.
I also think it's funny that like on this little ad, Rage on one of his little pouches has the old feet.
I noticed that right off the bat, too, that he has the little maniac, maniac sticker for the old difficulty.
I love it.
and apparently Emmy's underwear says Emmy.
Well, I mean, you know, she needs a belt anyway.
So they're going to be replacing the Revolution A3 cabinets with world once they have it released.
And they're leaving the A-verse behind because I think they just did a twenty
A20 Plus and A3 were the last two, right?
And so we'll see what happens.
I mean, don't forget, there's also that DDR Classic Mini.
Oh, yeah.
It's like one fifth the size.
That would be fun.
But hey, well, when we know more, y'all will know more.
My favorite is that this is called DDR World, but there's sure to be features that will only be available in Japan.
Hmm.
Hmm.
Hmm.
I think it's not available in most countries, actually, from all the feedback has been seen online from some local players.
If we can have a World Series baseball that only encompasses the United States and Canada, then they can have a World DDR.
I guess.
All right.
Besides that, Japanese baseball players would kick all of our asses.
World written in lowercase.
All right.
All right, let's move on.
Loki.
uh yes uh so the nintendo switch is going to be discontinuing support for um x or twitter um no one fucking calls it x i i i know i i know um stupid business ventures
As of June 10th, you will no longer be able to post screenshots and videos to Twitter from the Nintendo Switch's album or send friend requests to social media users via friend suggestions.
You can thank Elon Musk for this, for raising the cost of the Enterprise Tier API access, which is $42,000 a month.
And if, you know, considering that there's probably not many people using this feature, it doesn't make sense to pay this much to support this feature that not a lot of people are using.
So.
Oh, well, yeah, you can still download the pictures and upload them to social media that way, but it's certainly not as easy.
It's it's kind of a pain.
So and I believe Facebook will still be an option, too, because I think you can I know you can add friends through Facebook and I think you can share it to Facebook that way as well.
DarkSakura, VOG Network, DJ Ranma S, Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
DarkSakura, VOG Network, DJ Ranma
dragged and dropped into the browser window and shared the screenshot that way.
But it's it's pretty easy to download the pictures to your phone because the switch can set up like that now.
They did that some time ago.
Yeah, I don't blame Nintendo.
Why spend that kind of money?
In fact, I thank them for not spending that money.
Yeah.
And also, I mean, like, yeah, it's just.
I'm just maybe they'll have something new on the next Nintendo Switch console thing, you know?
Yeah.
I mean, if they're smart, they'll have their own social media thing.
And I'm not talking about... Oh, God, what was it called on the Wii U?
Fucking... Wii-verse?
Was it Miiverse?
Miiverse.
But maybe I am talking about Miiverse a little bit.
Alright.
Well, Miiverse, unfortunately, will not be making its way to the Video Game Hall of Fame anytime soon, but we know the five games that will be.
So, selected for the Video Game Hall of Fame, which is hosted at the Strong National Museum of Play, the five candidates that will be inducted will be Ultima,
Mist, Asteroids, Resident Evil, and SimCity.
Now, I seem to recall that we had done like a fantasy league for this at some point on the show, but I could not, for the life of me, find the document that we had done that night to figure out what we had predicted in that category.
I thought we had our own Hall of Fame that we inducted things.
I don't know.
Possibly, possibly.
But I will say the games that did not make it that were on the shortlist were Elite, Guitar Hero, Metroid, Neopets, Tokimeki Memorial, Tony Hawk's Pro Skater, and You Don't Know Jack were the games that did not make it.
So.
Thanks for watching!
All right.
Anyhow, I'd love to go visit that museum someday.
It's it's in Rochester, New York.
So I have to go to upstate New York to go visit it.
So what else is out there?
I guess I could go to Niagara Falls while I'm out there.
But that's why they that's why they put like the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in Cleveland to get you to visit Cleveland.
So what can you do?
All right.
Oh, SSJ 100 Matt's up there now.
Oh, that's right.
Well, I guess we could take a trip.
We could take a trip together to the video game museum.
Why not?
All right.
Well, speaking of classic games, we have a segment here on this show where we induct games into our own Hall of Fame every single week in this segment.
And now it's time to travel back to a simpler time where I'll dive into the vault and pull out a classic and tell you about it.
It's time for the classic game of the week.
All right.
And for some reason, I don't have the B-roll queued up, but I will get that while DarkSakura tells us what she picked for the classic game this week.
The classic game is one that came out in 2008.
It's a puzzle platform game called Tag, The Power of Paint.
And if that sounds familiar, stay tuned and I'll tell you why.
It was developed for Windows by Tag Team, which is a group of students from DigiPen Institute of Technology.
Again, something else that should sound familiar.
So basically you have to go through these grayscale cell shaded areas with paint.
You start off with green paint that lets you bounce off of things, but then you can find the cans for other colors.
And you also have like a paint eraser.
So you'll get red next, which causes you to quickly gain momentum.
And then blue lets you walk on any surfaces, be it vertical, be it a ceiling, whatever.
And so you have to use the combinations of these different physics to be able to reach the checkpoint.
And it really is just that simple of a concept.
It was developed by seven students for their course at DigiPen Institute of Technology.
And it took about 18 months to create.
They wrote a game engine from scratch.
They had to create the physics, and they started by, you know, going through this version of tag, like playground tag, to paint over, like paint to tag other players, but they dropped that because the different mechanics would have
would have been less enjoyable than the actual tagging.
So they had some power-ups in there, and then they actually just started going with the paint itself as the power-up.
You know, getting the different paints and seeing how they work together.
So they really listened to feedback as they developed it, and then the game was done, and they were able to submit it to the Independence Game Festival, and then said that once they had more funding, they'd do a more professional version.
So the game was actually released on Steam, actually, April 18, 2022.
But the original version was 2008, so it counts.
It won the student competition at the Independent Games Festival in 2009.
They were completely lauded by industry professionals.
The music went over very well, the complexity of the puzzles, the way the graphics integrated with the mechanics.
It was considered to be, and this is a quote, a compelling piece of puzzle design.
And yeah, GameSpot actually said that it seemed like the game was a cross between Portal and Mirror's Edge and found it simple yet, you know, well integrated.
So now here's where things get familiar.
The programmers were hired by Valve to incorporate their puzzle elements into a game that they were working on the time, Portal 2.
just the same way that Valve went to the DigiPen students who did Narbacular Drop to help create Portal.
So I'm sensing a theme.
But yes, the group that made this game were brought on to work on Portal 2.
And so that's why
That's why everyone should find this whole game concept or even the game itself very familiar.
And that's it.
All right.
Yeah, I had no idea what this was when I first read the name.
And then when I saw the video, I was like, Oh, that's right.
Yeah.
Like even in this little clip here, you know, with, uh, you know, doing bouncing and everything and, and, you know, sliding around all this is missing as a portal, you know?
Yeah, for sure.
Um, and it's kind of neat.
Wall jumping mechanics, everything.
It's kind of neat how Valve finds these very indie college built titles and sort of, you know, puts them into their, you know, essentially AAA games.
It's pretty cool.
All right.
There is your classic game of the week tag.
What was the subtitle on that?
The Power of Paint.
The Power of Paint.
Right.
Um, let's move on.
We got some more news for y'all.
And then we'll be taking your calls.
If we have any tonight.
Emails and all that good stuff.
VOGnetwork.com slash discord is where you can join us and chat throughout the week.
Participate at Orangelandradio.com is where you can send us emails if you like.
Let's do some rapid fire news and talk about quickly some other headlines going on in the gaming space.
We'll go to Loki first.
There's been some rumors that apparently a LEGO and Sony collaboration is in the works and about to be announced very soon.
According to Tom Henderson, who is an industry insider, says, I know something, or I'm not particularly fond of the I know something and you don't vague insider BS, but from what I
No, there is a LEGO Horizon trailer that's ready to go, which makes sense because there was a LEGO Horizon set that I actually have on my computer right now.
So, yeah, maybe we'll see that very soon.
And then if you're a fan of classic FPS games, Marathon, a very classic Bungie title, is now available on Steam for free.
And so you can go get that.
And play it to your heart's content.
I will.
Until the new one comes out.
Whenever that might be.
late 2025.
All right.
You think it'll actually make 2025 and not get delayed?
I mean, who's who's publishing it?
Is it Bungie that's doing it?
Mm hmm.
I mean, I could see them saying that they need to allocate resources to Destiny 3 or live service games or something like that.
And so therefore they can't marathon will be a live service game to that.
Oh, well, I guess we can ruin it further.
All right.
Well, let's move on.
Oh, this this was another one where when I saw this headline, I was like, Oh, DarkSakura wants to talk about this on OLR.
Yeah, so another series I'm super fond of is Cotton, and Cotton reboot High Tension has been announced for Switch.
It is going to be released, they're saying Spring 2025 in Japan, and it's a sequel to the previous Cotton reboot.
And there's some character designs released.
And there is a new playable character called Makaron and a villain named Willow.
And there is a voice cast, casting auditions going out right now.
All right.
Nice.
Sounds like it'll be fun.
All right.
Um, let's talk about a game that I think has been brought up on the show before.
And it's a game that Alan actually introduced me to because when he was streaming, he hasn't streamed in a little while, but when he was streaming, he used to do music games on Monday.
And almost just in time for his birthday, because this is right around his birthday, Spin Rhythm XD is getting released for the PlayStation 5, PlayStation 4, the
PlayStation VR 2, that should be interesting, and SteamVR, and that's all coming out on July 9th.
So this is coming out from Super Spin Digital.
A free update that will add virtual reality support to the existing PC or Steam version will also be available on the Steam date, on the same date, and that's going to be very interesting as well because that's the one that a lot of people have hacked, modded, etc.
to add their own songs, but we don't, we're not supposed to talk about that openly.
Download Content Pack with 10 new tracks and skins for all available platforms!
Alright, spin rhythm.
In the meantime, let's travel around the world and check out some games that are coming out a little sooner than that.
Some games coming out this week in May in world release dates starting with the US, Loki.
We have Homeworld 3 on PC, Braid Anniversary Edition on PC, Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, Xbox One, Xbox Series, iOS, and Android.
Biomutant on Nintendo Switch, Neptunia Game Maker R Evolution on Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4 and PlayStation 5, Beladins on PC, Ghosts of Tsushima Director's Cut on PC, Lorelei and the Laser Eyes on PC and Nintendo Switch, and RoboBeat on PC.
Alrighty, let's travel over to Japan and check out what is coming out there now that we finally have Golden Week behind us.
I think we're starting to get some releases again, including on the Nintendo Switch, we have Biomutant comes out on the 14th.
And then we have on the Switch Garden Life, a cozy simulator on the 16th.
Bloodstained Ritual of the Night
Garden Life, a cozy simulator, is also coming out on the 16th, and that's really the only release.
So I guess it still is kind of a slow week, even now being on the other side of Golden Week.
But things ramp up again next week.
I think we have Paper Mario next week, so things start to ramp up again.
So, in the meantime, let's go to the UK, DarkSakura.
It is pretty slow there, too.
On the 14th, for Switch, we have Biomutant.
On the 16th, we have, for Switch and PlayStation, Pool Party.
And then on the 17th for the three consoles, we have My Little Pony, a Zephyr Heights mystery.
Oh, also, Slave Zero X for PlayStation and Switch.
All right.
Well, let's move on.
We have just a few more stories for you.
And then we'll get to what you guys want to talk about.
So we've had an announcement of an announcement.
And now we have an update to address an update, right, Loki?
Yes, well this is very appropriate coming from Bethesda because their last update that they did to add more performance enhancements to Fallout 4 and better graphics
didn't quite do a lot and broke a lot of things.
And so now they have a new update coming out on the 13th, which is going to be updating Fallout 4 on all platforms.
And this update will include new options for graphics and performance settings, as well as further fixes and improvements.
Once again, breaking the mods I'm going to play on the game.
Cool.
Thanks.
Please stop.
Alright, one more story for you and it has to do with something else that Sarah Bond talked about in that Bloomberg interview that didn't get as much coverage as that other quote that we played earlier in the show, but she also mentioned that Microsoft is launching a web-based store to download mobile games and get add-ons and in-app purchases and all of that.
So they've decided to do it as a browser store instead of an app to make it, quote, accessible across all devices, all countries, no matter what.
So you're not in a single ecosystem or what have you.
And Microsoft will only have its own games to begin with.
That means probably Activision Blizzard as well, because that's part of Microsoft now.
So we'll see.
You might also recall that Activision Blizzard included King and what did King make?
Candy Crush.
So I'm sure that's going to be a big part of this store as well, which might also be a big part of why they bought Activision Blizzard King in the first place.
So we'll see how that goes.
Minecraft is also suggested as one of the first games you'll be able to get, which does make a lot of sense that they would, you know, have that on mobile phones as well, and have that available in their store.
a spokesperson from Xbox said this is just the first step in the journey to building a trusted app store with its roots in gaming which sounds like the most generic thing I've ever heard or something of this nature but it is doing a thing and we're going to see more of these stores open up as the whole EU digital market acts or DMA's rules went into effect and we know Epic's planning their own thing and so on and so on so we'll see if Microsoft's store is
going to be worth the visit.
But I have to be honest, none of those things sound particularly exciting to me.
I am not a candy crush person.
I think games like Minecraft are better left to devices.
But I guess Minecraft always had, you know, Minecraft had a huge audience on iPad.
So what do I know?
So, but I feel like a lot of those games are just better left to something with a tangible input device and not so much the touchscreen.
But if Microsoft would invent something for touchscreen mobile, then maybe I'd be a little more excited.
But wasn't Minecraft World, what the hell did they call that Minecraft AR game?
Minecraft Earth.
Minecraft Earth.
They let that have a good like six months, then they killed that, didn't they?
That was disappointing.
It wasn't very long, which is too bad, because I think there was some potential there.
It was still a little bit janky, but they did have like a lot of unique.
It was pretty, it was OK.
It was it was kind of fun to mess around with.
I think it was a bit early and ambitious.
The thing that I am most upset about with that is they have a ton of assets that they created for that game that they're literally just sitting on and not doing anything with them.
Like, can you please just put them in the vanilla game?
I mean, like, honestly, like you have all this stuff done.
Just put it in the game.
Why is this a problem?
Alright, well, that was our last slotted story for tonight.
So we're going to go to the listener roundtable.
We want to invite your calls over at vognetwork.com slash discord, but we also like to invite your emails every week.
Participate at orange lounge radio.com.
I'm not sure if I saw anything this week, though.
But let me check with DarkSakura.
Echofilter, insert here.
No, no, no, no.
All right.
So no emails this week, but we'll invite for the future weeks.
Participate at OrangeLongstreet.com.
I don't see anybody in our green room yet, but while we wait, also, if you want to just shout out a question in chat, I know some of you are here every week and you never go to the green room and that's fine.
And not everybody wants to talk and do all that thing.
But if you want to put questions in chat, we are all about answering those as well.
Um, or, you know, and technically on a week like this, where we haven't even hit the two hour mark yet talking about games.
Sometimes we're willing to talk about non game stuff to within reason.
Keep it cute.
All right.
Um, this isn't one of those like, ask me anonymously things and all the questions end up being dirty.
It isn't that all right.
It is Mother's Day.
Don't ask a question you wouldn't ask your mother.
I did spread something at work for the record.
The classic words of Chi-Chi Devane.
I don't get ready, I stay ready.
I don't get ready, I stay ready.
If you're born ready, you don't have to get ready.
All right.
Loki, do you have any last minute stories for us?
I did.
So there is some updates regarding the software called N64 Recomp.
It is this developer Wiseguy who put it together.
So you may remember this person, Dave.
actually done a lot of these recompiling reports, essentially decompiling Nintendo 64 games and recompiling them to run natively on PC.
And with this, one of the newest games to support that is actually Legend of Zelda Majora's Mask.
And along with that, though, he has software now that will actually allow you to do this with any Nintendo 64 game to allow you to natively, well, some of the games, Banjo-Kazooie, Rocket Robot and even Superman 64.
I wonder if that would actually then further work through a game porting kit on a Mac.
I hope that thing is mirrored on webarchive.org or something before Nintendo shuts us down.
Get that on.
I guess Sunday is a good day to put that out because the lawyers aren't working on Sunday.
So yeah.
And Native, you know, Goldeneye or something like that would be interesting.
Um, we do have a call in the green room.
I'm going to bring in here in a minute.
But SSJ100 Matt does want to point out before Tiger Claw says it again, because this was mentioned in our discord server earlier this week.
We're getting a John Wick pinball and a Funhaus remake pinball table.
We did mention John Wick briefly at the top of the show when we were talking about DarkSakura going to the Golden State pinball and maybe I'm going to go to actually, but I don't think the Funhaus remake came up and I'm curious what you think about that like the remaking of the pinball.
I mean, I know it's not the first pinball table to ever be remade, but... Yeah, not your first choice of a pinball table to remake.
I, I, I, I have slight chlorophobia and the, like that, just that head, like just drives me.
I like, we had, we had a fun house and I can't stand it.
Like I'm fine with like, no fear, you know, the skull head on there.
And besides that, it's Steve Ritchie doing the voice and Steve's an awesome guy, but, um, but no fun house.
No, I can't anything with the clown.
Like I have trouble with, you know, what pinball table do you want to see him remake?
Remade
Not like Black Knight Sword of Rage or Black Knight 2000, but just a modern... Well, even just take Black Knight and then Black Knight 2000 and have, like, current tech-level versions of those.
Almost like what they did with Bride of Pinbot 2.0, where it has, like, the color DMD and everything, but have something that's more like an LCD screen or something.
SJ100 Matt in chat says, Jamie had a fun house, now she just has a house.
You know, but... My house is more fun than anybody else's house, okay?
It's still pretty fun with all those pinball tables.
Yeah.
PodCulture says, what would an OLR table be like?
Oh, God.
Chaos and food and cats.
It would break.
The balls would get stuck.
uh we would have uh actually there would be there would be Loki's never-ending ramp where there would be a ramp that you would shoot the ball and it just stays in the ramp the rest of the game it's just the ball keeps going around and around and around and up and around and the ball just never comes out like the ball just stays in the ramp that would be it no it stays in the ramp until we get to FFS mode for fuck's sake and then we have a Loki multi ball
PogCulture says would Bobby have the high score?
No, but Mrs. Blackwolf would.
Bobby Blackwolf says it would be like the Ava table.
I wish.
Don't tease me with that.
I wish.
All right.
Or it'd be like Jamie corner that's got like hodgepodge boyfriend plushies.
Orange Right says every time it loops around it says rah rah rah rah rah rah rah.
And then when the ball finally drops out it goes what?
Yeah, we do have a caller.
And don't forget about the empty mailbag.
A caller has been paid.
But when you shoot the pinball in there, it goes, you know, yeah, you literally have an empty mailbag, but you lock the ball in there and it goes, Hello, LR, YYR here.
Like, that's right.
Anyway, Ferret only has one tee.
And then Red Retainment would also be in the mailbag.
Mishkins.
And then you have your little sub game of bungee ferret tossing.
But for our UK audience, it would have to be throwing.
I was thinking Garth Wolf emails us once in a while, too, but not this weekend because FWA is this weekend, and I feel like that event's only getting bigger and bigger.
Like I'm seeing all these pictures and so many people I know they're going like FWA is not as big as Dragon Con yet, but damn, it's going to be a big convention out there.
And that's furry week in Atlanta, for those that don't know.
But that that is getting bigger and bigger.
So pod culture just actually made me think of a fun drag queen furry name.
Hmm.
Ferret Fawcett.
Okay, so I have to bring up one thing real quick, Rob, while we get our caller in.
One of the drag queens that you can like perform against in that stupid little game is called GG Easy.
Oh, that's cute.
That's a cute name.
Yeah, G-I-G-I and then Easy.
I love it.
All right.
We do have a caller on the line who's been patiently waiting.
Hello, LR, you're on the show.
Who's this?
It's the one and only Neighborhood Ranma.
How's everybody doing tonight?
Uh, fantastic.
How are you, Ranma?
DarkSakura, VOG Network, DJ Ranma S, Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
Caught off guard or anything like that.
No, I gotcha.
I gotcha.
Sorry.
It can be a tricky waiting game sometimes, but I appreciate you hanging in there.
I totally get it.
Well, what's on your mind tonight, my friend?
I want to go back to the comment that I made about- I'm sorry, quickly.
And this is a visual thing.
I'm sorry, the podcast listeners.
But Ranma's sitting there and he has his camera on, which is always lovely to see you.
But then I noticed tonight you have a big curtain hanging up, like obscuring whatever.
So I'm always like, pay no attention.
Pay no attention to the man behind the curtain.
or whatever might be hiding back there.
Mr. Rob Roberts, I know I don't come on this show a lot, but I'm just wondering, you're just now noticing the curtain that divides my main room from the kitchen and where my my coffeemaker and my sexy air fryer is?
Am I crazy?
Has it been a different angle before?
I swear to God, I have not seen that curtain.
No, it might be a slightly different angle because my camera used to be more focused towards me, but I got like a fancy like light that sits on top of my monitor to help stuff like that.
So.
Okay, well now I understand.
So there's a kitchen back there.
All right.
Now I know where the coffee comes from.
It's a jelly kitchen, you know.
Yeah, thank you.
Okay, so chat is agreeing.
It was a different angle and the closet was directly behind you.
So you couldn't see the curtain as easily.
So that's probably what it was.
Yeah.
So long story short, I'm not crazy.
Anyway, what is it you want to talk about tonight?
I want the comment about I mentioned about Microsoft.
So I want to put it out there that I am a former Microsoft employee.
So
I wanna say first things first, I was out earlier tonight, and I was listening to Bobby Blackwolf, and I'm listening to you guys, and one thing I really appreciate about both shows is that- And how hard did you throw your phone?
Actually, no, I didn't.
I didn't throw my phone at all.
Because
Bobby made a lot of sense.
You made a lot of sense.
The issue is a lot of these other podcasts that are talking about what's going on with Microsoft.
They're not telling the whole story.
They're just telling enough where they can beat Microsoft with a shovel and bury them.
Because I'll tell you this right now.
No matter what happens with the Xbox gaming division, Microsoft is going to be alright.
What people forget is that about 75-80% of Microsoft profits come from the enterprise.
That's where all the money is coming from and they funnel it into the gaming division.
And that's basically the long and short.
now and that would be and that would be windows and office especially in businesses the whole business loop and um media management services uh mdm for microsoft branded phones and products and as i was telling one person who is a such a sony fan boy and looks for any reason to bash microsoft i said look
As long as there's a Game Pass, there will always be an Xbox console.
As long as there is Microsoft Windows, there will always be a Surface.
Because they need first party hardware to show off what the software can do.
Because it would be kind of embarrassing to Microsoft if they had...
a Macbook and a Playstation showing off Game Pass.
They need to have their own hardware to show what the software can do and what it's capable of.
That's what people need to understand.
Now, secondly,
Looking at how the rank and file structure is reminds me of something that they told us in training is that when you work for the Microsoft retail stores, you don't work for a subsidiary of Microsoft.
You work directly for Microsoft.
Basically, Satella is your end boss.
Now they brought that up because they mentioned Apple for a brief moment.
I do not know if it's still the same thing.
They had said that
The Apple Store is focused as a subsidiary and basically Tim Cook is not your boss.
That's incorrect.
Okay.
Like I said, it's been about 10 years since I've worked there.
So this is what they told us in training.
So now the reason why I bring that up, look at DC.
Look at how DC does their movies and so forth.
DC gets things going pretty well.
Then Warner Brothers comes in and says, no, no.
No.
No.
Make the movie.
They make the movie.
Good possibility the movie's going to tank out.
Unless it's Wonder Woman.
Yes, that too.
Now, look at Marvel.
And Disney's like, here's a couple million dollars, go handle your business.
Marvel is like a subsidiary.
They work within themselves to get things done.
And Disney's like, okay, let's roll with it.
Whereas DC tries to do that, but Warner Brothers is like, nah, that's not going to work that way.
Microsoft gaming is kind of the same way.
The Xbox gaming division kind of has their shit together for the most part, but then the higher-ups who don't, who have the MBAs like Bobby said, who don't know the gaming, like you said, say, no, this is not going to work.
I am more than inclined to believe that a lot of the issues within Microsoft's gaming division is not the gaming division itself, it's the higher-ups who sit on the board who don't know what video gaming is.
No, I'm pointing in agreement.
Yes.
Go off.
Go off, my brother.
That's basically what it is.
And that's why I'm not shocked or upset or worried about Microsoft, because that's exactly how it is.
Well, I'm shocked and upset, but in a different way.
Exactly.
Now look at Sony.
Sony has a gaming division, they have an animation division, movie division, all these other divisions.
Go Voltron Force!
Has to bring money together in order to make the profits.
And God forbid, one of the appendages of Sony doesn't do what they can.
And if you haven't noticed, they're trying to become, they're trying to go from the appendages of Voltron to the Infinity Gauntlet as they try to acquire Paramount.
um, I want to I want to bring this comment up because Bobby said this in chat and he said this a few times on his show and on social media and it is it is accurate but it's also that where like perception fucks everything right so Bobby Blackwell in chat says great art takes risks
Great MBAs running businesses minimize risks, right?
And that kind of ties into what I said earlier is that the reason why the perception and that is like what Bobby is saying is 100% true.
But we all know perception is king, right?
And most gamers out there with an active social media account do not give two fucks about the business side of it.
But it all plays into that whole thing I said earlier, where
For years and years of years, we have been carrying this banner and fighting this fight and trying to legitimize video games under this banner and this rallying cry of video games are art.
But this week has been a swift kick in the cooch of nope, video games are a business.
And that's why this whole thing sucks.
And you're right.
Now, let's go back a little bit.
Now, let's say Microsoft
They basically shut down the studios.
Now, all the other gaming podcasts or whatever, they can read why Tango Gameworks did what happened.
But somehow, they'll see that it's Microsoft's fault that it all happened.
Ergo, it's Microsoft's fault that the studios are closed.
Even though there have been these issues going on before, Microsoft's like, hey, what's going on down there, you know?
because Microsoft is the father, and they dropped the money, and they're supposed to be responsible, you know?
Some things don't always happen that way.
There was another comment, because this has led to a whole thing in our chat.
You were doing your DC versus Marvel thing earlier, Ranma, and PodCulture said, DC has great animated stuff, Marvel not as much.
Now, whilst everyone is entitled to their own opinion,
I'm gonna say that is a very hard statement to swallow when X-Men 97 is all the rage right now.
It's a very hard statement to swallow.
My favorite German blueberry muffin is now on the team.
I'm so happy.
Let me say this about X-Men 97 real quick and we'll get back to the matter at hand here.
Yeah, sure.
In my 20 plus years of watching cartoons and anime and all of that, only 5 times I have watched a series where I felt myself crying like a damn baby.
X-Men 97 hit that list!
I did not bring that up to dunk on what Brad said, because again, everybody's entitled to their opinion, and maybe that particular series is out of sight right now.
But the reason why I did bring it up, again, the business end of things sometimes suck versus the art.
Aren't I correct in that the creator and writer and main driver behind that series is already not with Marvel anymore?
That's correct.
And now they're trying to, now fans are demanding that he come, are demanding that Marvel brings him back, you know.
And the show's already got license, already been greenlit for a season two.
But will it land the same without, again, it's hard to say.
I guess we don't know until we see it, but is it going to land the same without the same creative force at the helm?
I don't know, but we're all superman in Spider-Man 98.
They're going to, like, drag Claremont out of retirement.
And then when he goes, they're going to hook his brain up to a machine and have the Claremont AI with so many plot twists that we won't know what to do.
Don't give them ideas.
And then part of that AI is going to incorporate Rob Liefeld's lack of feet.
And everyone will be ballerinas walking around with 70 different storylines that all somehow have to do with Phoenix.
What in the hell?
Sounds like a choose your own adventure book.
That sounds like early 80s X-Men.
All right.
So we've gone from Microsoft to X-Men, which is fine.
But, Ranma, any other thoughts you wanted to get out before we let you go tonight?
That's it.
I just want to get that out.
And again, I appreciate that both of these shows brought in the insight to everything, because there is a saying.
They say there's two sides to every story.
No, there are four sides to every story.
What he said, what she said, what people perceived when it happened, and then there's a truth.
But by the time we get to the truth, which is where we see what's all going on, nobody gives a damn at that point, because people already believe what they perceived is what really had happened.
No, that's that's absolutely it.
You know, we try and I'm I'm not being shady with this comment because I want to support all podcasts.
I try to support most YouTubers, although I got to say there's some sort of culture over there sometimes that it really leans into the sensationalism and I do not like it.
But and I hate to say this on Bobby Blackwolf's birthday, but sometimes we try to be the adults in the room when it's appropriate.
Well,
Well, that means we're going to need to get an adultier adult at this point.
Sometimes we try to be the grandparents in the room.
Oh, God.
Rob, I have convention children.
Please don't.
Please don't.
All right.
What convention is up next?
Oh, go ahead, Jamie.
I'm actually going to leave just mention one thing that's on my adulting calendar.
The month of May is adulting is automatically spending $50 every time you leave the house.
I guess.
Ranma, what conventions up next for you for our talks on anime jam session Tuesday nights?
Our next convention is shenanigan.
It's in June.
It is a 21 plus two day convention.
Not enough of those in this country.
A 21 plus two day convention.
Yes.
That sounds like a disaster.
I can't wear a Hot Mess Express.
Not a disaster.
A Hot Mess Express.
Where do I sign up?
Those are two very different things.
Jamie, you should know about the people that are running Shenanigan.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah.
It's the people that run DerpyCon.
Oh, really?
Yes, really.
Is DerpyCon still?
OK, I need to reach out to some of those people because I hadn't heard anything about the guidebook this year, which, y'all know, I have been the DerpyCon guidebook person for like almost a decade now.
Now I'm supposed to go fly out to the con and then COVID.
Where is Shenanigan?
Shenanigan is in Parsippany, New Jersey.
Yes, I know Rob.
I know.
Nobody goes to Jersey willingly.
I know.
I understand this.
Mr. Farmer?
Cows?
Now, literally, I know there's no such thing as stupid questions.
However... Yeah, there are.
There are.
And one of them would actually be, what kind of shenanigans happen in Parsippany, New Jersey?
The kind of shenanigans that lead out of Parsippany.
That's a dumb fucking question.
Rob, I'm just gonna say this.
When you say there's no such thing as a stupid question, I want you to do my job for two hours.
Just two hours!
No, I think Rob's job probably involves a good number of... I didn't pay attention, so I'm gonna ask a stupid question.
No, I actually had someone call into the help desk asking how to restart their machine.
I'm sorry.
Bobby's saying something else in chat.
Is this true?
The big guest is an anime therapist.
Well...
He- Carl is not an anime therapist per se.
He actually has his MSW in social work.
He does actual social work, but he's been part of the con scene and anime scene for so long, he knows how to do an even blend of both.
So, what exactly is that?
It makes me think of the guys that do cinema therapy.
I promise to God I'm not trying to be shady, but I just noticed on the Shenanigan page, he is the only guest coming.
Otherwise, please look forward to this at the Embassy Suites in Parsippany, New Jersey.
Well, like I said, Carl does have his actual MSW in social work.
He does an equal blend of both, okay?
Because the last time someone tried to pull this off, they did not have their degree, and they've currently been banned by the APA to practice anything at all.
So basically, their degree in psychology is useless.
No, it's actually 4D chess.
It is all 4D chess.
Who's the only guest we need to bring to the shenanigan con?
A therapist.
It's 40 fuckin' chats and I applaud it.
I will say, Uncle Yo is an amazing person.
If you go on YouTube and look up his- I think I've heard of him before.
Yes, if you look up his- Well, and make it Aurelio Voltaire at DerpyCon.
Oh, Voltaire's fuckin' rad.
I like him.
Yeah.
I literally- I got to host a thing that he did here in Sacramento, and I kinda said, Hey, I'm Rob Roberts, it's nice to meet you.
It's really weird to see you outside of DragonCon.
I don't know how he took that, but whatever.
I expect Shanannica to have a few more guests, because this is sort of like an experiment per se, because registration opens tomorrow and is capped at 450 people, just to see how it goes.
Okay.
They can have me as a guest.
Or basically, I'll just sit around and talk about my cat in Dead by Daylight.
I'll come and do a Predicting the Future panel.
We need Matt there to be like, why this sucks panel.
Oh, all right, Rama.
It was a delight.
And I can't wait for the video footage out of Parsippany, New Jersey.
Yeah, we will be going.
And before I get out of here, Rob.
Yeah.
You are going to Galloping Ghosts, right?
Right.
What's the fuck is that?
What's Galloping Ghosts?
In Chicago, Galloping Ghosts Arcade.
No, I don't know the details.
I was like, is this
Big Arcade
They've had a lot of things there, Galloping Ghosts, but like, didn't they have like the Primal Rage 2 machine?
No.
Now that you guys are talking about this.
Yeah, they have a Primal Rage 2 machine that I saw it.
Okay.
And I sent Jamie.
It just clicked for me.
I have seen like the YouTube of this.
I didn't realize that was in Chicago.
It's outside of Chicago.
It takes about 20 minutes to get there by car.
Which might be hard.
I'm just saying.
We'll see.
We'll see.
Because I'm just saying, it's Ingress weekend and it's IML weekend.
But I
You know, we'll see.
It's huge.
I went in, I lost my partner and I lost my friend trying to find him so we can go out and eat.
And we ended up over at a building down the way where there's nothing but strictly pinball.
OK, I'll check it out.
We'll see.
We'll see.
I am there for a few days, so never say never.
Yes.
And I'm just saying, if it's the Leather Daddy convention or the arcade, I'm probably going to go to the one that's only one one weekend a year.
I mean, Rob, if it was me, I'd probably feel the same way, too.
Just saying.
Just saying.
Anyway, I mean, when I was there, I did get I did take I did see the Puli Lura machine.
I sent Jamie a picture of it.
Love it.
Mm hmm.
All right, Rob, I am letting you go.
Hmm.
What?
That was saying cool.
Cool.
All right.
Bye.
Bye.
Thank you, as always.
Take care, buddy.
All right.
Always a delight to hear from DJ Rama S here on this program.
But I think with that, we are going to let me check in one more time, see if Loki has any other last minute stories to talk about.
Oh, yes.
Yes, I do.
So this is a fun one.
Actually, there was a
a streamer that had commissioned this modder Snipsu to recreate Akuma Mode in Resident Evil 2.
Now Akuma Mode was something that was part of, and this is like a way back thing, a lot of kids may not remember this, EGM used to have like their game,
April Fools edition where they would have fake stories in there and one of the screenshots was you know Akuma mode in Resident Evil 2 you have to do all this like crazy stuff to be able to play as Akuma in the game well now you can and it's on ModDB if you're you want to check it out that's awesome
By the way, that is beautiful.
SSJ100 Matt piggybacking off the phone call we just had saying, Rob, if you want to know what the top 15 things to do in Parsippany, New Jersey is, there is a list.
And we actually have a list here from TripAdvisor has put together a list of the top things to do in Parsippany.
None of them have pictures, but they range from the top couple are a park to number four is the target.
Number four is going to Target and number six is going to Marshalls.
Even Mobile has more to do than that.
Why would you want to go to Marshall's over the spa?
Like, that's the thing.
Good fucking deals, Loki.
I mean, you go to you go to Marshall's to buy skincare and transformers.
What if I like, drove, or like, flew all the way to, you know, that city just for your marshals?
I heard that your target and marshals are among the to-do things in this town!
Why do I sound like Paul Lint just now?
Next time I go out to that part of the country, which has been a long time because I'm not at that job anymore that used to send me to Allentown.
But if I'm ever out in that part of the country ever again, I'm going to make it my goal to go to Parsippany, New Jersey, just to make that social media post that says, Hi, I'm in Parsippany.
Like in Waynesworld, we're in Delaware.
Delaware.
All right, on that note, we are ending the show.
I can't wait for the angry email.
I am a listener of yours and Parsippany, and I find it very rude.
All right.
No, it's more like we're going to get when they be like, you're correct.
Help.
We live in Sacramento, California.
We've been the butt of those kind of jokes for years and years and years.
The tagline of Sacramento is, hey, at least we're not Fresno.
Oh, come on.
Just try being from Alabama.
We're like, well, we ain't Mississippi.
All right, we're wrapping up.
We're trying.
That's it.
Thank you as always for listening to Orange Launch Radio.
If you enjoyed what you heard here tonight, tell a friend or two about the show.
Help us spread the word because we are the show where every gamer has a voice, but we need more voices to put out on air.
A nice five star review on a site like iTunes, Spotify, YouTube, wherever it was that you found this podcast.
Those all go an awful long way.
We will be back in seven days to do this all over again.
Until then, DarkSakura, let's go to you with your final thought.
I know you're going to be streaming tonight.
I took your advice about my thing, and I am now sending you stickers that I have made of my avatar making weird faces.
Enjoy.
I saw that, and I reacted.
I sent you three more.
Oh, nice.
Okay, I'll look when I get a break.
Alright.
All right.
And Waffle House.
How can we forget?
Well, everyone.
OK.
Anyone who can get to a Waffle House and buy me two bags of grits from behind the counter, because the only way I can get those fuckers online is to order this big kit of shit.
I don't want to get one bag of grits.
Well, remind me.
Remind me next time I go to Atlanta.
I. All right.
Have a good night.
Bye.
Bye.
Well, that takes us to Loki and your final thought tonight.
LittleKittyBigCity no sprint button, button for zoomies
My final thoughts, speaking of little kitties, I don't mean to end on a downer, but I do want to let everybody know that Mr. Smush had a vet appointment and we found out that he has kidney disease, which is not a pleasant thing for a kitty to be going through.
It's still at a stage where we're hoping with some treatment through special food and potentially we're going to get evaluated this week to see if he could do IV liquid types of things to help, you know, sustain a quality of life or what have you.
We can do that for Mr. Smush, but
He still has a lot of his personality.
He's hanging in there.
He's just been drinking a lot of water.
And you know, there were signs in there that made us want to go to the vet and all of that.
But I know that he has been an icon of sorts for this show ever since we were together doing it at the house really ever since we got him in 2017.
So yeah, it's, you know, Alan and I are just kind of processing that and it sucks, but we're doing what we can.
Um, but I just want to let all of you know, um, cause you've shown him a lot of love over the years and he's a very famous cat because of all of you.
So I'll keep posting the pictures where I can.
Um, but yeah, just, uh, put some positive vibes out there in the universe and lots of virtual kitty treats, uh, for Mr. Smush.
I know he'd appreciate it.
So otherwise to try to end on a happier note, um, I look forward to seeing everybody again next week.
And I really look forward to vacation in two weeks cause there's nothing better in the world than vacation.
Have a good week, everybody.
We'll see you next time.
Happy gaming.
Bye.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is a production of OLR Studios.
To join us for our live show, tune in to vognetwork.com Sunday nights at 6pm Pacific, 9pm Eastern.
The views and opinions expressed in this program do not necessarily reflect those of the staff of Orange Lounge Radio nor VOG Network, but you know they were all still true.
See you next week.
