It's not often that a game is substantially broken twice, first with its initial release and ongoing slate of bug fixing updates, as well as any additional content created for it, then a significant overhaul that comes nine years later.
After a product is released, modders take action into their own hands and tweak details for memes, playability, opinions, trolling, and more.
It's not common that a later release comes that creates massive swaths of fallout in this community.
This is the Nuclear Blast Headline.
Now it's time for your hosts, Rob Roberts, Jamie Summers, and Loki to tell you more about this story and the rest of the week's gaming news.
Starting right now on the show, where every gamer has a voice.
Hello my friends out there on the internet.
Welcome back to another week of the show where every gamer has a voice.
It is Orange Lounge Radio and we are live once again tonight with episode number 1005 of our program for tonight.
May 19, 2024.
My name is Rob Roberts here with you week after week after week after week after week with my co-hosts, not joining us tonight, unfortunately, DarkSakura or Jamie Summers.
She may actually join us a little later in the show, but you may have heard her mentioning last week on the show or last couple weeks, really, that she had a big pinball expo down in Lodi, the Golden State Pinball Expo that she was going to be doing.
And I know on her social, she's been talking about contributing on some of the pinball
Podcasts and broadcasts and productions coming out of that.
So I think her presence tonight will just depend on when that all wraps up.
And when she gets home, if she can join us towards the end, she will give us a report from the show.
But if not, actually, I just literally as I'm talking, I don't know if she's listening, but I just got a text.
I'm still at camp so likely won't be home.
Sorry.
So that's that's that.
So I guess we're not going to get joined by DarkSakura tonight.
But we will talk to her
DarkSakura
I'm doing pretty good.
Yeah.
Any pinball in your weekend?
No, no.
All right.
All right.
Well, maybe we'll see if there was Minecraft or maybe something outside Minecraft.
We'll get into that with your gaming week.
There might be both of those things.
Maybe, maybe a little bit.
But first, I think we'll get right into our kickoff topic for tonight.
So let's get into it.
Loki, what's going on in the gaming world this week?
Let's get dangerous.
That's PlayStation five sales.
So the of course, articles been out saying, hey, you know what?
They've fallen short of the PlayStation four records.
Even apparently only half as many PlayStation four owners have a PlayStation five.
And yeah, I'm one of those people that doesn't have a PlayStation five.
So right now they've reached almost 60 million lifetime sales.
And of course, you know, six or I'm sorry, 60 million is in what the PlayStation 4 achieved.
They've was a 59.2 million, essentially the same, you know.
Of course, you know, they said that as we enter the second half of the console cycle, we expect the number of new PlayStation five units to gradually decline, which, yeah, makes sense because people already have them.
They will probably wait for the next console if that's the case.
Or in my case, just play things as they come out on PC because everything's here.
So why not?
Except for Final Fantasy, you know, 16.
That's that's not here yet.
Not yet, but we know it's coming.
Yeah, it will be coming at some point.
We always kind of knew it was gonna hit PC even though they were being a little bit coy about it in the beginning.
We kind of knew it was coming.
So
Yeah, so along with that, of course, funny that we're even hearing about this now, but apparently there's now new ways to jailbreak your PlayStation 4 using a TV because that's fun.
It used to be web pages.
Now it's TVs.
So pretty sweet.
Brand new LG TVs if you run those.
Funny enough, I just got an LG TV, so I don't think I'll be jailbreaking my PlayStation 4 because I don't play my PlayStation 4.
Jailbreak your PS4 to do what?
Like play, uh, backups.
Oh, you can do what you can do, what you can play backups.
So the legal things you could do with it.
I was like, isn't it already region free?
Okay.
Okay.
DarkSakura, VOG Network, DJ Ranma S
Or loading custom homebrew software, like emulators and that type of thing.
Get your emulator device with your PlayStation 4.
So that's the kind of legal-ish stuff that you would do with it, aside from stealing things.
Yeah, it's it's hard.
I don't want to do that.
So this is very interesting, though.
This whole fact about the PlayStation five sales slowing way down is is a little bit shocking in a way.
Well, it's not shocking, I don't think, actually.
And you kind of yeah, you put the needle on it when you said you yourself have not.
And you've been doing a game podcast for 20 years.
You don't feel the obligation to get a PS5 because you're going to get those games somewhere else.
Well, it's not even that like it's like I bought a an Xbox Series X in like in previous console generations.
Actually, it's usually been that I pick one or the other.
So Xbox 360, PlayStation 3 actually had both had all all of the systems in the following generation.
I had a PlayStation 4 because I kind of looked at it like, OK, the games I want to play are going to be on PlayStation.
So, you know, I was looking forward to that.
I think like PlayStation VR, obviously,
DarkSakura, VOG Network, DJ Ranma S, Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
I like the games that are coming out on it.
You know, I was looking forward to like those Microsoft Purchase Studios, so like the Bethesda exclusive games and stuff like that.
I really wanted to play on a Series X. That said, I have like hardly gamed on that Series X. It is in a box below my desk right now.
That is it.
I play everything on a PC now for the most part.
And I mean, that's kind of now that more games are coming out from Sony on PC.
It's like, why would I spend $500 on a console that plays a handful of games that I can't get right now on PC?
Like there's not really a use case for it.
Like you could say, oh, PlayStation VR 2, but then you have to drop another $500 for that too.
Like, no, I don't want to do that.
You know, it's
Just not something I see myself doing and even like next console generation, aside from Nintendo, Nintendo gets purchased every time like that is just its own thing.
Next generation, I might not even get a console, it may be just
play what's on PC, you know, depending on what's coming out.
They have to really like sell me on why I need a console.
And I don't think a lot of like, especially when it comes to Microsoft, I don't think they really care if I have a console.
They just like, yeah, it's player games.
You know, we'll put them on PC.
I wanna go to our chat, because of course we do tape live every Sunday night at 9 o'clock Eastern, 6 o'clock Pacific at The Voice Geeks Network, twitch.tv slash VOG Network.
We appreciate all those follows over on our Twitch channel, where we broadcast right after the Bobby Blackwell Show.
And Bobby is in chat saying,
So many games still release on PlayStation 4.
Yeah, DJ Ranma S kind of following up that comment saying, I mean about half of the PlayStation 5 games are PS4 ports.
I think it's more than that.
So for me, there was no reason to buy one until Final Fantasy 7 Rebirth dropped.
Yeah, I bought Final Fantasy 16, but I was just waiting.
S2100Mad has an excellent point too, saying, I will say the PS5 not being readily available for 2 years after launch really kept me away from gaming.
I wholeheartedly agree with that.
It's that whole thing where a movie makes its best box office opening weekend, a game sells
usually, and I should say usually because there are strange cases like, you know, when Titanic came out, I don't think it actually made its most money the first weekend.
So there's always exceptions.
But most blockbuster movies, most video games even make most of their money that first weekend, right?
So PlayStation and limited hardware issues really botched that.
And obviously that continued for a very long time.
And I do think that sucked the air out of the room a little bit.
And I think it's that domino effect into what Bobby and Rama just said, is that the reason why so many games were releasing on PlayStation 4, games take more than a year or two to develop.
So PS4 was being targeted because for the longest time, people couldn't get PS5s.
and now it's it turned into this vicious vicious cycle kind of thing because now Final Fantasy VII Rebirth sales are down compared to Final Fantasy VII Remake well because it was limited to PlayStation 5 and just even to this day even though we're years into PlayStation 5 and we're past that point where you could walk into Target and get one uh it just hasn't sold as many units so I I kind of think yeah it was it was kind of doomed from the beginning because the way this hardware rolled out
Now, I think that's in addition to something else that I think is worth talking about as well, because to me, it plays in a little bit too.
Do you remember last week on the show, I was talking a little bit about all these layoffs and things that are going on in the industry.
I was talking about, I really think we're looking at a video game crash.
DarkSakura, VOG Network, DJ Ranma S, Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
And I think that's a good term for it.
I think there's definitely a cold crash, especially in like that AAA realm, right?
And maybe not the indie realm.
We're always going to get carried by indies because that was something that didn't exist in the Atari 2600 era.
Sure, you can make Halo 2600 now, but you couldn't do that in 1983, 1984.
You know, it wasn't until the Commodore 64 and home computing let you make those games that ironically, that's also kind of when the industry was picking up again, that and the Nintendo and all that stuff.
DJ Ranma S calls it a video game recession, kinda, but it's weird because I think we had such, I think, I think Ranma what's happening is that because we had such an uptick because of COVID and lockdowns and all that, and then such a drop after that, that kind of went past the starting point in a way, I, that's why I kind of lean more towards the term crash, because it's almost like the roller coaster, it went up that hill, and now it's
It's coming way down.
And I think some of that ties into this PlayStation 5 sales as well.
And I think a big part of that is that, again, Loki just illustrated a real incentive why people don't necessarily want to get PlayStation 5s.
They have a computer that can play those games.
Now, not everybody can afford a high-end computer.
That's why consoles exist in the first place and why a console like Xbox Series S
has notably done pretty good because it's that happy medium of like affordability, but plays the current games, right?
But anyway, I digress.
The thing about PlayStation, why did PlayStation 2 really, why did PlayStation 2 really sell oodles and oodles of units?
Was it Final Fantasy 10?
Why did PS3 sell oodles and oodles of units?
It took a little bit, but once a winner was declared in a certain war
PlayStation 3 was one of the most affordable Blu-ray players at the time.
but did it really have any features?
But I would argue that the PlayStation 4 was still, in a way, a must-have media device.
Ironic, because their main competitor in the same generation, the Xbox One, was hinging their entire platform on, do you remember?
TV sports, TV sports, TV, TV sports.
Do you remember that?
It has a passthrough.
It has a passthrough HDMI that did picture-in-picture or something.
Whereas, essentially, PlayStation 4 was kind of doing the same thing.
They just kept the focus on the games.
But I think, realistically, a lot of people were still buying PlayStation 4s because they served as media homes, right?
And I even look at, like, my Xbox Series S or, excuse me, my Series X right now.
What is it serving?
It's pretty much our media hub.
uh it's our it's on our downstairs hgtv and is our twitch machine our blu-ray machine all that stuff but i think a lot of people that's what playstation 4 is is that and and bobby points out ps4 launched with the camera and allowed for ar gaming on day one and ps4 was the first console you could natively stream from very easy i would say those are nice but i don't think they were as much as playstation 4 really selling itself as
In part, the name brand recognition because everybody bought twos and threes.
Lest we forget, the Xbox one also launched with a camera.
and Connect.
Remember it was bundled in.
Couldn't get it.
of the hardware change from PlayStation 3.
Controversial, right?
But, you know, there were so many games released on PlayStation 4 you couldn't get on PlayStation 3.
Sony committed to that platform at that point.
Now, and here it is, SSJ100 Matt jumped to the punchline, but he's absolutely right.
Here's the problem with PlayStation 5.
Now all your smart TVs already do.
TV sports, TV, TV, TV sports, TV sports.
So why should I get a PlayStation 5?
What is that must-have thing
on a PlayStation 5 that I can't get anywhere else.
PlayStation games.
I'm holding up a copy of Final Fantasy 7 Rebirth because yes, I still have it sitting here.
That's about it.
Maybe some other miscellaneous games that didn't release on PS4, but that's it's there's it's not as compelling.
It's not nearly as compelling as the other systems that we went through.
And considering that like, you know, PlayStation Now, I could see them eventually having that on smart TVs as well to stream, because that's certainly where xCloud wants to go if it's not already on some devices.
And it would be just smart for them to do that.
The problem is the PlayStation Now and xCloud are
not the same at all, like equivalent wise for what you're getting for what you pay for.
Not even close to being the same value, I feel.
Garth the Wolf in chat.
Hey, good to see you, by the way, says the controller is neat.
I would agree.
The PlayStation five controller is pretty rad.
But the problem is you could buy that controller separately.
Well, I don't know if that's really a problem, but it's a fact you could buy it separately.
So you don't even need the whole PlayStation.
And that controller works really well on a PC or on your phone.
If you have the the Delta emulator that just changed its logo because of an Adobe lawsuit.
If you have that emulator, you can hook that up with a PS5 controller and you've got a pretty cool little classic gaming thing in your fucking pocket right now.
Yeah, the PlayStation 5 controller is neat, but technically it's not going to sell the system.
I also like the Xbox Series controller, to be honest.
I also think they have a good controller.
So I think it's really just a matter of which one do you like more.
So it's kind of, it's kind of interesting.
It's, it's, it's interesting that PlayStation 5 has not created a compelling argument for why you need one necessarily.
I mean, there are some games, and I think for gamers, but again, I think for the mass audience that bought PlayStation 3s and 4s because they were cheap media devices and Blu-ray players, I don't think PlayStation 5 brought anything new to the table there.
So I think Sony is going to need to leverage what it does with movies and entertainment when it comes to the PlayStation 6.
So ironically, as much as we all made fun of TV sports, TV sports, TV, TV sports, I really think that's how they're going to sell PlayStation 6 when it comes to that.
Although.
Interesting aside, interesting aside, Loki, you kind of glossed it over.
But I think it's really important in what you said.
You were kind of like, I don't buy consoles anymore.
You're like, but Nintendo, I mean, Nintendo doesn't really count.
But you know, Nintendo does their own thing.
Nintendo counts.
And we all know Nintendo.
Nintendo is good at Nintendo, right?
They very much are against the PC thing and all of that.
Very much.
If they're putting their games on PC, then maybe I'll stop buying the console.
But I think the portability is huge for them right now too.
And that's why, you know, there's no question the Switch 2 is still a Switch.
Like there's no question, you know, especially in the fact that Nintendo has changed their hardware pretty significantly over the years.
If you look at the jump from
Super Nintendo to GameCube.
GameCube to Wii.
As much as we joke, as two GameCubes stuck together, we all know that the hardware cell in the controller was much bigger than that.
And then the Wii U was a hardware jump, for better or for worse.
Then the Wii U to Switch.
Those are really major pivots from system to system for Nintendo.
much different than what we're talking about PlayStation in my opinion.
But I think switch to switch to no fucking question.
They're going to keep the portability and the playing it on a TV because it's working really, really well for them.
Oh, yeah, I just you're right.
Chat just pointed out I completely skipped Nintendo 64.
You're right.
You're right.
But okay, add it in.
What else really changed?
I mean, I would say yeah, with the cartridge base, maybe and all that, but I would say those are still pretty heavy pivots even between, you know, adding that in there.
So for the record, I didn't buy a Nintendo 64 until way late when I got a Pikachu N64 for 20 bucks.
So that probably explains part of the Nintendo 64 erasure.
I had one and then I threw it away.
Whoa.
Because I'm an idiot.
I don't know why.
I just, for some reason, I was like, Oh, I'm never going to use this.
And I mean, to be fair, I didn't.
And now I can just play it on other things.
So, you know.
Yeah.
Tigerclaw in chat says yeah, I think Nintendo has that market down a portable system that dubs as a console they found their niche.
Well, yeah, I mean, Nintendo has been dominating the handheld market ever since the fucking Game Boy really does any has anybody come close to Nintendo?
Maybe the PSP maybe but I would say even then it was pretty far apart.
So I think the PSP did good but I guess not good enough for Sony to continue it.
I think this is why
the Steam Deck.
Okay, fair.
I'll give you that.
That's, that's a little bit that's kind of a portable PC.
It's not.
But I'll give you that.
I'll give you that.
Um, what was I gonna say with the Oh, this is why you're hearing the rumors about Xbox and their next.
They may be working on a portable thing because the next Xbox might be a portable console.
Speaking of Steam Decks, we'll see.
Orange right in chat says iOS Android shouldn't count but it kind of does.
Here's the problem.
Here's why it doesn't count.
That that the in there's no official gaming controller for Apple or Android.
Yes, you can hook one up.
Yes, they support.
There's no official one.
Many have
There's no official one.
And for that reason, all of the games still rely on the touch controls, which are horrible for most of your typical types of video games.
To be fair, though, like PC doesn't have any official gaming controllers either.
I mean, like Steam, which is nice, is pretty flexible with what it supports.
So it's kind of like Android.
In that sense, Windows 11 would disagree with you.
I mean, technically, I don't have to know about that.
Microsoft makes a controller.
But yes, I got I get what you're saying.
Yes.
Well, I'm talking about Steam.
Yeah, Windows 11.
I mean, I like my Xbox Series controller that I have right now.
I mean, it works just fine.
Like, I don't know.
Like, don't change it.
You can have those fancy triggers, I guess, but.
I don't know.
Next generation, they're all going to copy each other anyways.
E3VL says no AAA exclusives on mobile.
Bobby Blackwell says what do you consider AAA exclusives because there are plenty of mobile-only games made by AAA studios.
is like abandoning ship when it comes to like and isn't that interesting they tried to dip their water of putting i mean granted they wouldn't put their actual games but to give them some credit they were trying to make games that catered to the limited control i actually appreciate that nintendo did not try to put super mario brothers on a phone and that they did the run thing because it wouldn't have worked
as well, you know, with the touchscreen and all that stuff.
But obviously those games did not take off.
But you have, you know, when I think of AAA mobile phone games, I don't think of things made by your traditional publishers.
Granted, Pokemon Go, but even that's the Pokemon companies in an agreement with Niantic for that.
Nintendo is really not involved in Pokemon Go, except for, you know, investment, I guess, if nothing else.
But, you know,
But what, yes, but I would also say like, I actually wouldn't call pigment a triple A title.
It's doing well, but it's not triple A. But I think you look at those games like Candy Crush, Clash of Kings, you know, the stuff that tends to top the charts that just, you know, and that they get what's, what's the one with Kathy Bates and all the ads murder mansion or whatever the over the top on those.
None of those games are like, you know, accurate to their advertisements.
But like Animal Crossing, like Pocket Camp, I mean, that's probably done well, I think.
uh, I don't aren't they like sunsetting support or something for that?
I don't think it's doing as well as they thought.
So Bobby is pointing out that Japan tends to do better.
Like Kingdom Hearts spinoff stood all right on mobile.
And Japan seems like a more hardcore mobile gaming culture in the US.
And that that's, you know, there's been a lot of talk about that.
And just with Japan being more transit culture and all of that.
Yeah, well, yeah, Fortnite's a good well, obviously, there's been some issues with Apple versus Fortnite.
But I think that's resolving at this point.
So Fortnite will be a mobile title again, or a lot of people still have been playing it on mobile one way or another.
So I don't know.
But anyway,
We're digressing a little bit from why aren't PlayStation fives selling but I do think ironically it's going to be you have to be able to cater them to more than just the gamer.
It's got to be that family device something that convinces the non gamer in the household to want to want one too.
And I think that was true of the prior PlayStations.
And it wasn't different enough on PlayStation five because the PlayStation four still did everything.
So I don't know that's just
I mean, just cause...
It's because they are operating under the assumption that they can have infinite growth and that just doesn't exist.
Or that Battle Passes print money.
There's just... Or that they can argue for a $70 price point when they sell Battle Passes and cosmetics and all this other stuff that they tag on to it like we're idiots and go, Oh, well, no, games haven't gone up in price forever.
because what happens in the boardroom is that people do, we did some market research.
We did market research and here's what people are buying in Fortnite and the hottest games on the market is they're going to buy skins and they like to buy dances and games.
They like to buy all this stuff.
So we're going to put all these things because our market research has shown this is how Fortnite's making their money and gamers are going to buy it in our game too because they buy it in Fortnite and nobody along the way stops to ask the question,
is this game good enough for people to want to spend that kind of extra money to invest in it and buy that extra crap?
Nowhere along the way do people ask that question.
They want to sell $70 game and monetize it like a mobile game that's free to play.
Yeah, which you can try to do that and sometimes be successful with it.
But also you're gonna have part of your audience
Thank you all
how many dozens of times have we seen games launch in such a broken state that it like it's just it can you imagine i mean we can't imagine because tesla but like can you imagine like a car being like released in this type of state where it's just
Oh yeah, randomly it just swerves to the left.
Hope you're cool with that.
Like, you know, sometimes it comes with three wheels and you're missing one, but you know, we'll eventually get you one so you can drive your car like it.
It's like stupid stuff like that.
Like.
I don't understand.
I mean, clearly they know the state that the game is launching in, but they're just like, yeah, we're cool with that.
Just put it out and we'll fix it later.
Like, that's the problem is they want you to buy into these games that are quickly like they're rushing through them.
They're forcing these studios to make these, you know, games that fleece the users to a ridiculous.
They put all these mechanics in that just
are counterintuitive to good gameplay and a good gameplay design and loop and all that stuff and it's just it's just to in this to get more money and I mean like how many of these studios are talking about live service games like nobody on the like sure live service games make money but
DarkSakura, Loki, VOG Network, DJ Ranma S, Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
By the way, less people are having kids these days.
But that's because the live service games whole thing.
Um, anyway, I want to point this out, though, because Quest Buster in chat says all of these massive triple A budgets are pushing aside everything else in their pipelines to focus on sure bets.
I would argue there is no sure bet in gaming right now.
I mean, because some things you would think are sure bets.
We're not sure bets.
The Avengers is on the line and would like to have a word.
Suicide Squad is requesting a shout out right now.
But that's it, Loki.
Gamers fucking talk.
And they're on fucking social media.
And it is harder and harder to sell that stuff because people know this shit in advance.
And it's happening with movies too.
Madame Web is at the door and would like to say hello.
like it's it I think because people are able to communicate a lot faster for better for worst word gets out quick that some of these games and some of these movies are fucking stingers and especially when Suicide Squad does this transparent battle pass shit for a game that is mediocre
It's just it's it's like even if an indie studio did that, like it would be called out the same way as far as like recycling content within your own game to pad it out.
Like like Ubisoft just said that with their triple A or quadruple A game or whatever, Sea of Thieves or not Sea of Thieves.
I remember what it's called now.
See, look at that.
It's disappeared from my brain.
I don't even remember anymore.
It's not Sea of Thieves because Sea of Thieves is pretty good.
Sea of Thieves was not a quadruple A game either.
It was not a quadruple A game.
But once again, you know, their game is literally it made such an impression on me.
I don't remember it now.
Literally a couple of months after it came out.
So.
I mean, that's it's I don't know what's going to end up happening.
Unfortunately, you're going to have a lot.
Record WN for the win.
Skull and bones.
Skull and bones.
Yeah.
I don't care.
I'm going to forget it tomorrow anyways.
That's 70 bones with an optional battle pass.
It's just like I don't we're going to see a lot of these studios, unfortunately, closed down because of this.
I'm hoping we'll get a lot more indie studios out of it that hopefully make some quality games.
You know, there's like that's the thing with like indie game indie titles I played like this year.
I'm more excited about those than a lot of the AAA games that are coming out.
And honestly, I just want to say this before we get corrected.
Because when people kind of go down this route, there are people very quick to shout, you can't just stop everything you're doing and start an indie studio be doing an indie studio doesn't pay your bills.
It's a long term.
Yeah, I get that.
I get it.
And it sucks.
There's a lot of people that are falling out of the industry that aren't going to go back.
That has to be acknowledged.
And it sucks.
Um,
But what, you know, people, people are going to move on to jobs that have the guaranteed income and that that sort of thing.
And not everybody's going to be able to start in indie studio.
And we are going to have lost art.
And that sucks.
That's why I love the happy ending when a group can get a new studio together and get that backing and financing and make a great product.
But that unfortunately does tend to be the fairy tale ending.
or make make smaller budget games.
Perfect example.
I have a game playing behind me right now.
Let me put it real quick.
Let me put it this way.
I want more investors to invest in smaller indie studios.
That's my wish.
How about that?
But not purchase them.
Yes.
So
I have a game behind me right now called Animal Well that came out recently.
It's like the game size itself is very small.
It's, you know, pretty simple, like kind of 16 bit sprite graphics.
But it's like a really critically acclaimed game because you don't have to spend and I think it was made by like one dude.
You don't have to spend
a huge budget to make a game anymore like you don't have to do that that's the thing is like a lot of these students are spending like hundreds of millions like the Suicide Squad game they spent hundreds of millions of dollars to make this thing
where like where did they spend that money because i can't see anywhere that it went i mean i engine development maybe i don't know but like it's just it's certainly not in the assets that are this is probably a big big part of that which is why using ai to skip that step which is what's going to happen is very controversial
Yeah, and so, you know, I think smaller scale games are OK.
Like, I think it should do that.
Helldivers, another good example of a game that smaller studio really popped off because it was a fun game.
You have to build a good game.
You can't build a game based off.
You have to build a game based off of gameplay in the concept there.
You can't build a game off of the monetization that you're going to put in it and then make a game around that.
Like, you just can't do that.
And of course SSJ100 Matt says super multitasking and pixel poops number two also find examples.
Yes.
Yes.
All right.
This is I mean, this this this is the industry in a nutshell right now.
And it's going to be very interesting.
You know, we are a couple of weeks away from E3 Memorial Press Announcement Week, you know, in early because we know Microsoft's going to give us announcements.
We know Nintendo is going to give us announcements.
I think there's a couple others that have confirmed as well for the E3 Memorial Week.
There is no E3 this year.
There is no E3.
Well, Sony didn't do the same week last year.
They haven't done the same week since the pandemic, and since they kind of dropped out of E3 either.
So they may wait till August.
But anyway, the E3 Memorial announcements are coming, Summer Game Fest, if you will.
So it'll be it'll be interesting to see what is in gaming's future over the next few months.
But we'll continue to talk about it here on this show.
But for now, let's move on to some other topics.
Because we got a lot to cover tonight.
And I want to also make sure we talk about our gaming weeks.
So Loki, how was your gaming week?
My gaming week was playing Minecraft.
Minecraft's 15th anniversary was on Friday, so it's 15 years old.
And so I was unrelated as just playing Minecraft.
Working on actually forcing myself to work on the actual theme park.
So I was designing the front gates for the theme park.
So that's coming along pretty well.
And then in the meantime, I was recording a bit for this guy, BirdBoy, who is doing like a collab with them, sort of.
It's making content for them, kind of.
So I was just working on that.
Of course, my mic settings are all messed up and I hate that.
But then aside from that, I did play a ton of Turbo Kid.
So still playing through that.
I'm pretty much at the end of the game.
I'm at the last boss battle, but I'm going through and trying to not 100% everything, because I don't know if you can easily, but I'm trying to like find all of the hidden things, the collectibles in the game right now, just going through some of that stuff.
And then probably I'll just beat it and then move on to something else.
Maybe Animal World.
I haven't played Animal World yet, but I want to.
I just didn't want to start a second Metroidvania and, you know,
during another Metroidvania, still want to play Fallout 4, which we'll get into that a little bit later.
But but they keep updating it and it keeps breaking everything.
So that sucks.
But I'll eventually get around to that again.
Yeah, it's working on trying to get an episode out probably this week because it's been two weeks already and get that ball rolling.
All right.
My Game of the Week.
God, y'all are gonna hate what a broken record I sound like because it's a lot of the same games.
But here's the wild thing is that there's a lot of new things going on in a lot of the games that I typically play.
So Diablo 4, I've been playing this week, but a big new patch and a new season came out for Diablo 4, which is called the Season of Loot, I think, or Loot Unveiled or Loot Reborn or something like that.
So Diablo 4 started its new season.
And this is a
Deablo
But I will absolutely back up what many people are saying and that is this is the best Diablo's been since it's launched.
This is this is a great thing for the game to get a kick in the butt.
And if you still haven't visited the game, I would I would encourage you to check it out because a lot of quality of life things, especially for leveling once you beat the story.
You can now do what's called the Helltide from the very beginning of the game.
You used to have to wait till you got to level 50 and get to world tier 3 before you could do what's called the Helltide.
Now you can do it from the beginning and they amped it up.
Now the Helltides have way more monsters.
There's a boss you can summon in there.
They made it so that doing these things is kind of one of the best ways to level.
And because you're doing that instead of going into instant dungeons,
Now you actually can feel like there are other people actually playing Diablo 4 because they're all out there also doing the Helltides with you.
So you kind of feel like you're pretty often running into other players out there.
So what they did with Diablo 4, absolutely great thing for the game.
I'm really into it.
So yeah, and Questbuster in chat says it took nearly a year of waiting, but Necromancer is fun again.
I hear Necromancer is really good and a great place.
I am playing Sorcerer or Wizard.
only because it's the one class in the game I don't have leveled up from a season yet.
It's okay.
It's a little slow to start.
But now that I'm getting a lot of my abilities, it feels a lot better.
But yeah, Diablo 4 is a great place and I'd really encourage you to visit it if you haven't in a little bit.
Um,
Other games I've been playing this week.
You know, I've been doing Pokemon Go.
I did Community Day today.
I caught 18 shinies, 18 shiny bounce sweets today during Community Day.
I walked like five and a quarter miles too.
But you know, I had to make, I had kind of a lazy week.
So I had to make up and get a big, big walk in today.
So I did that.
And then one other game I've been spending quite a bit of time with is an old favorite.
Blast from the Past, World of Warcraft.
And no, this is not World of Warcraft Classic Cataclysm, which I talked about last week.
This is a new thing that launched to World of Warcraft this last week.
It's called World of Warcraft Mists of Pandaria Remix.
It is not just World of Warcraft Classic Mists of Pandaria.
It is not that.
And I thought that's kind of what it was going to be, was a limited time like Pandaria Classic.
No, no, no, no.
It is full on modern wow, so it has every race class combo including the evokers and the dragon people and like the iron dwarves and all the stuff they've unleashed over the last few, the little fox people on horde.
Vulpera I think they're called all that stuff that they have unleashed or last few expansions you can play all of that the level cap is 70 like it is in regular WoW because they did a level smoosh some time ago if you weren't already aware so level cap is 70 dragon flight is a thing that you can do if you have the dragon you can use that embedded but you are limited to just Pandaria
and there's no trade professions, there's no selling thing for gold, there's no auction house, so they've kind of stripped it down so it is just questing, dungeon running, raiding, and you can do these things very early on and you don't have to have the best type of gear to be able to do it.
And the whole thing kind of runs on with every quest that you turn in, you get a box of random loot.
And you get random gems that do a fixes to things, which ironically feels a lot like Diablo.
But for folks that did the plunder storm a couple months ago, it's a lot of stuff you saw in that you get random effects.
And you have this cape that you're wearing.
And you just randomly get stats added to your cape.
So you suddenly become like super strong and you're just like rolling through things.
It's
It's really, really satisfying.
And I think a really smart thing that Blizzard did here because they found a really happy medium between nostalgic wow, for people that haven't played in a long time, like me,
and here's all the new modern WoW mechanics like Dragonflight, Talent Trees, Classes.
Here's all the new modern WoW mechanics so you can get used to them before the next expansion.
And by the way, when you finish Mists of Pandaria Remix and this whole thing closes down because only limited time is only like 90 days.
Once it's done in 90 days, these characters will transfer to the regular realm.
So you'll have a character already ready to go for the next expansion.
But you leveled it and did everything in more familiar content to those of you that haven't played WoW in a while.
Very smart on Blizzard's part, as far as I'm concerned, and the Warcraft team.
I think it's a lot of fun and very satisfying to play, and it's helping me get used to what modern WoW really feels like.
I'm playing a tanking monk because I really, I really like brewmaster monks.
They are so much fun doing the beer splashing and then spitting fire on everybody is extremely satisfying.
I've been playing this a little bit with my pal Shane, who sometimes comes on this show, and he brought up a really great point, is that not only do the characters transfer to the Forever Realm in the regular game, but all of the cosmetics you're earning, all of the transmog you're getting, all of that also will carry over into the main game.
So it's almost like this is a way that you can get everything you missed in Pandaria and never have to play it again.
And I wonder if they're not going to do this for some of the other expansions later on to help people get caught up.
I mean, it's very, very, very interesting, but it's a it's a lot of fun.
PodCulture in chat says Rob playing WoW, Return of Horde House confirmed.
Hey, if only the other guys were also playing WoW, which I think Grandpa might be.
Grandpa's an Overwatch player now, believe it or not.
Ekstafir also an Overwatch player.
I don't know if he plays a lot of WoW.
Shane is playing WoW.
But yeah.
very, very, very interesting.
And yeah, it's it's been a little bit of a time sink for me, but a lot of fun.
And Oh, what one other familiar game dead by daylight.
I know we talked a lot about it on the show, but yet another limited time mode going on in that game.
Not only did they have triple blood points this weekend, which is a nice reward, but they have what's called the chaos shuffle, which all of your perks are randomized.
which sounds silly, but it's actually really fun because if you're playing survivor, then guess what?
The killer's perks are randomized too.
So you don't get people that are able to go in there with super sweaty builds that are, you know, tailored a certain way to like, you know, like people are kind of forced to play the game.
as the game.
And it's um, I know it sounds really weird, but it's true.
It makes sense if you play this game a lot, trust me, and you you run into some very interesting builds that are meant to troll a little bit.
It forces people to play the game the way it's meant to be played.
And I think a lot of people are actually really enjoying it.
Myself, one of them.
So that's my gaming week.
A lot of familiar stuff, but you know, good stuff, important stuff.
Alright, we're going to move on.
We are going to get into this next topic here.
This is usually the part of the show where we kind of talk about housekeeping before we get into the actual news of the week.
And we talk about things going on with the show and all of that good stuff, including I should mention here, again, we are not going to be here next week.
We will be here in two weeks.
I am going out to Chicago to see friends, maybe play video games too, but I'll be back in two weeks.
I'm sure Loki and DarkSakura will be here putting content out, and of course Bobby, I believe, is still live next week too.
I think we're doing a stream day on Saturday.
Nice, nice.
And Bonds006, on that note with DVD, wait.
We'll get to the other DVD announcements a little later on in the show, I promise.
But anyway, on a serious note, though, I wanted to mention something else that's a little bit close to the show family and our hearts here.
Loki, do you want to kind of talk about this a little bit?
What's going on?
Yeah, so I can talk about it.
It's so Eddie from Starboard Power Coupling.
He's been dealing with quite a bit of stuff recently dealing with cancer and trying to
Not only battling stage 4 colon cancer, but taking care of his mom as well.
And of course he's run into a bit of a rough patch right now being out of work for so long, just trying to basically support himself to, you know,
Keep a house, you know, a roof over his head and that type of stuff, you know, treatments and all that.
So my wife and Irene have set up a co-fi or coffee.
Some of you old school OLR listeners will recognize a lot of these names.
You'll recognize Princess Irene from back in the day.
We used to host a show together.
when this was on live 365.
If anybody remembers Outside the Box, that show is probably like 18 years old at this point.
Irene and I host that show together.
And Eddie was a guest on multiple of these shows.
But yeah, most recently will be known to all of you from Starboard Power Coupling.
Yeah.
Yeah, so there's a coffee, I guess it's coffee is how you pronounce that, set up for, you know, the fundraising of that.
And so if you go to ko-fi.com, that's ko-fi.com slash we love Eddie, E-D-D-Y, you can go there and donate if you can to just help them out because, you know,
He's really in a rough spot right now, so anything we can do to help him would be great.
DarkSakura, VOG Network, DJ Ranma S, Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
You know, many of you every week are very good about, you know, giving bits, giving subs, and we really appreciate that.
And if you have those kind of pockets tonight, and you want to say thank you in a special way, this is a great way that you can do it.
And we really appreciate it, you know, helping our friend Eddie through just
a horrible, you know, fuck cancer.
That's all I have to say.
Fuck it.
Like just a horrible thing that people shouldn't have to deal with.
Especially at his age.
But yeah, so I appreciate Thank you, pop culture wasn't much but was thank you.
Thank you for that.
No, I anything is huge.
Even if you you know, again, I know you you get hit with like, multiple of these a week on the internet, even just helping to spread the word and all that.
Super appreciated.
So thank you all so much and really appreciate it.
Anything else you want to say on that Loki?
No, that's it.
Right.
Well, let's move on and talk about what else is going on in the gaming industry.
So Loki, I will turn it over to you for our first story tonight.
Well, this is good and bad news.
I mean, we kind of figured this was what was going to happen with Grand Theft Auto 6, but it has been confirmed, though, thanks to Take-Two's latest earnings report that the Grand Theft Auto 6 is scheduled to come out fall of 2025 and it's supposed to hit PlayStation 5 and Xbox Series X and S.
They said our outlook reflects a narrowing of Rockstar Games previously established window of calendar 2025 to fall of calendar 2025 for Grand Theft Auto 6.
We are highly confident that Rockstar Games will deliver an unparalleled entertainment experience and full of monetization.
I added that last part because that is exactly what they're going to do.
They they got to make up for those years development.
They love them some Grand Theft Auto Online shark cards, and you better believe that they are going to be monetizing the hell out of this.
Along with that, though, of course, there was an IGN interview with Strauss Zelnick, and they impressed him on what made them decide to, you know, that Roll7 and Intercept Games to use
What made them shut them down?
And Zelnick said, we didn't shutter those studios, we've announced that we're saving $165 million in existing and future costs, but we haven't shuttered anything.
And then they pushed, you know, for more definitive answer.
And then that's when a PR rep stepped in and say, oh, you know, referred back to their company's cost of reduction plan.
So they're not, weirdly enough, they are not saying whether they closed those studios or not, despite the fact that studios is like, yeah, they closed.
You know, there's evidence that we've been shut down.
Like.
Why?
Like, I don't understand.
And then with that, apparently in the Rockstar PC launcher code, it was spotted that a PC version of Red Dead Redemption, the first one was inside of there.
So there had some descriptions for the game.
Yeah, they had product promotion.
It's talking about like, you know, zombie.
Was it the zombie uprising DLC?
And then also talking about Red Dead Redemption.
So
I guess that means that we're getting Red Dead Redemption on PC as well.
Maybe because we haven't we haven't gotten to the second one's been on PC forever, but up the first one.
So let's see.
Could be interesting.
I can't wait for the mods.
Just like with the second one, there's been some hilarious stuff out there.
So exactly, you know, this, this does, you know, going back to the Grand Theft Auto six, um, part of this story, it's interesting because in a way, I kind of feel like this ties into what we talked about at the top of the show tonight, because I, I do truly believe Grand Theft Auto six is a system seller of, because this game will not be on PS4, correct?
It is a PS5 and Series X and PC game.
Well, and not PC out the gate either, right?
Yeah, they're not PC.
I'm waiting for PC.
So Grand Theft Auto 6 will be a system seller.
And so it's very interesting that this is on the horizon.
Maybe Sony's been waiting and waiting for this and Microsoft too.
I, I hate, I don't want to sound like a fanboy or bias, but I really do feel like PlayStation will benefit more than Xbox, just because I feel like this series has always existed mainly in people know it associated with PlayStation and people just kind of tie the name to it.
And it has a lot of that name recognition.
And I really do think Sony will probably benefit from this a little more than Microsoft, unless Microsoft plays their cards right with the marketing, puts it on Game Pass, LOL, JK, that would never happen.
But, um, you know, does not a right way.
I really think PlayStation would benefit more
It'd be interesting if they do the cross buy with that.
I don't think a lot of third, I don't know how many third party games do that.
But like if they, you know, you buy it on Xbox, you get it on Xbox.
Grand Theft Auto has to do none of those nice things to be able to sell oodles and oodles.
No.
So yeah, they won't.
But I do think this is the system seller that ironically, to loop back to the top of the show, I think there are going to be people that are like, Okay, I'm going to get a PlayStation 5 now just to play this game.
And maybe this is why we have these rumors of the PlayStation 5 Pro.
and the refresh, which in turn will bring down the prices of the original PlayStation fives.
If they make them both concurrently, they may not.
It'll be very interesting to see what happens with all this.
So next year, I mean, it's a long time to wait if you're Sony, but.
I think they're going to move a lot of consoles next year.
So, yeah, I would just say if you're looking to pick up PlayStation five, maybe just wait a little bit longer to see what see what shakes out towards the end of the year, too, because, you know, there's probably going to be refreshes coming
Pretty soon, I would imagine.
We may even hear some announcements of those pretty soon.
So, I don't know.
Wait until the end of summer.
Ranma in chat says there is no need for a PS5 Pro or an Xbox Series X Pro.
Well, if rumors would be believed, a PlayStation 5 Pro is coming.
You know what, though?
If this game in particular has technical advancements on a PS5 Pro, that will absolutely be a selling point for a PS5 Pro.
Absolutely.
This is going to be that big of a game.
unless word gets out that it's Garbaggio and has microtransactions out the wazoo.
I kind of I kind of think it won't matter.
I think tons of people are still going to buy.
I don't think it will be garbage.
I think to be.
Yeah, I think it's probably saying it'll be like Grand Theft Auto 5.
I imagine single player, no microtransactions online.
All the microtransactions.
Prepare your wallet because it's going to be a transaction fest.
Yeah.
Alright, well, if that is a game that is not up your alley, perhaps this game would be.
Now, I should stress this is still in a rumor status, but it's one of those, you know, apparently where there's smoke, there's fire.
And it appears that hundreds of players may be already participating in a closed alpha of Valve's next game.
And it is called Deadlock.
This has apparently been in the works since 2018.
IceFrog is apparently the developer behind the game who made an original Dota mod.
Or I'm sorry, that's the individual, or I don't know if that's an individual or a company that's in charge.
But it's not uncommon for Valve to take mod makers and have them make full games.
That actually happens a lot over at Valve.
Apparently, Neon Prime was the original name of this project, and now it's known as Deadlock.
It's been reported by both Tyler McVicker, who is a veteran Valve reporter, and a content creator named Gabe Follower, which, you know, would know a thing or two about Valve, I assume.
They have both, through independent means, confirmed this is happening and it's in an advanced state of development.
Valorant, Overwatch, Dota 2, Team Fortress 2
So I think even though a lot of people are reporting that this is very similar to Overwatch, it sounds like there is a lane battle mechanic in this game that's very similar to Dota.
So it actually kind of brings Smite to mind, which is a third person lane game, but a shooter, which Smite is not.
So it could be a very interesting sort of medium.
E3VL says so Marvel rivals.
Yeah, it is interesting that all of these Overwatch competitors are coming up at once.
It's almost like Overwatch has exposed its weak point.
Overwatch 2
I mean, is Valve really stealing or are they buying them off themselves?
You can't do Team Fortress 3.
You got to make a new IP so we can do Team Fortress 3.
I know, right?
I know, right?
This isn't Team Fortress 3.
It's definitely, yeah, SSJ1 had that.
Get that clear.
Deadlock, parentheses, totally not Team Fortress 3.
Totally not.
Team Fortress 2
Yeah, but goes on sale a lot.
So I don't know, we'll see how much this actually costs.
But I have a good feeling it may be in the free to play or super cheap sort of realm, like $20 type of realm.
Comparisons as well the Bioshock Infinite and the Skyhook system.
So when we say like fantasy steampunk, think that sort of thing.
So that's something that could be very interesting.
Of course, around the corner is our E3 Memorial Announcement Week.
What a good time that would be to announce something like this, wouldn't it?
Especially if you're in a closed alpha right now.
The plot thickens.
So all right, we'll see.
Moving on, Loki.
Uh, yes.
So something I've been dealing with is Fallout 4 constantly updating thanks to Bethesda.
The problem is they're not really fixing things.
So Bethesda, of course, launched their next gen update on April 25th that was supposed to bring, you know, you know, 60 FPS gameplay and, you know, better visuals on console and then on PC also kind of similar type of stuff, adding more
visual flair to the game.
The problem is there's mods that did that way better.
And because they patched it, it broke all those mods as well.
And on top of that, the patch itself still was bugged as well.
It also didn't fix any or fix some of the issues that they've been having from the get go and added even more issues that needed to be fixed.
Now follow that up with on May 13th, the next gen update 2.
It's their patch for their patch to fix some issues.
And guess what?
It's still not fixing all these issues.
However, on console, though, it has.
apparently caused some more crashes on PlayStation 5, including a annoying red texture bug that has been fixed.
So that's good.
And oh, I'm sorry, fewer crashes on PlayStation 5.
So at least it's fixing stuff on console.
But on PC, though, it is actually breaking.
You know, it's still quests are broken.
You know, it's lacking ultra wide screen options on PC.
It's almost like they're using a really old engine and they can't figure out how to program a good game because Starfield, perfect example.
So funny enough, players on PC have been kind of begging Bethesda.
Can you please stop patching the game?
Just leave it alone.
Just leave it be.
Let us be able to play the game like we want to.
You're not making it better.
You're making it worse.
How often in gaming's history do you hear a fanbase go, please stop patching your game?
Please stop making improvements.
You're not improving.
If you don't, if you don't improve your game, if you make it worse by patching it, then yeah, maybe maybe don't.
do that?
Or maybe you know, here's an idea since these, you know, patches in like, quality of life improvements have been out there in mod form already.
Like, why didn't they take some of that and incorporate that into the game to optimize those people?
I'm gonna guess I don't know.
I mean, they paid someone to develop this stuff.
So
SheHulk10 does point out, still in its current state, Fallout 4 is a great game to play.
And then, of course, as a bit of a surprise, Epic Games has announced with a teaser image on their social media that Fortnite Battle Royale is getting Fallout content.
What that is?
No idea, but it is something that, you know, probably cosmetics
But there is a teaser image of it, so we're going to have to wait and see.
Would that be maybe TV show related, like specific characters in the TV show?
I don't know.
It doesn't look like TV show content, at least to the screenshot.
But I mean, maybe.
Because apparently TV shows doing great.
So, you know, tie in that way, too.
Who knows?
Possibly.
All right, well, let's talk about something pretty cool for accessibility that's happening over at Microsoft.
It's a brand new controller that is going to be on the way out called the Proteus controller.
I think I hope I hope I'm saying that right.
Yeah, but this controller
is gonna ship in the fall for $299, and I know that sounds like a lot of money, and it is, but this is pretty cool what this controller can do, because it's actually something that is made to improve accessibility a little bit.
And if you actually look at some of the screenshots of this thing, and for those of you that are watching live over at twitch.tv slash VOG Network, I'll show you some pictures from this article I'm looking at that actually show you how this controller, it kind of looks like
DarkSakura, VOG Network, DJ Ranma S, Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
And that's really good news if you're a one-handed gamer or potentially a player with disabilities or limited a Disability or limited mobility you could actually use this in a different configuration So for example, you see a screenshot there for those that are watching live where all the cubes are kind of in a line but you could also arrange it in this sort of way where it's a little bit more like a cube and so it's like the
Like the little controller analog stick is on the side and like your trigger buttons are on top, you know, you could do this a little bit of a different way.
Everything on this is remappable.
You do have to use a companion app to do it, but it will work.
At launch, it will only work with the Series X and S systems as well as Xbox One and Windows 10 and 11.
If you want to pre-order this, you can get a discount, $255.
It actually comes with a charging cable, unlike a lot of things right now in this day and age, if you want to pick that up.
And that's pretty cool.
Also, this is in addition to you may remember that Microsoft is already kind of at the forefront of a lot of these sort of accessibility things because there is that $99 adaptive controller and that was released in 2018.
That controller is soon going to support more accessories.
USB ports will support up to 12 buttons, a second stick and a hat switch.
So, uh, firmware switch is coming out in the next couple of weeks, it's said.
So, you know, always nice to hear about things that are happening on that sort of development front to help more people be able to play games because gaming is for everyone.
Even I, I just kind of, I mean, I don't know if I would pay
DarkSakura, VOG Network, DJ Ranma
So I like the little, I don't know what they are on there, but they're kind of like the the covers for the other like for the parts that you're not using.
I like how it has like little logos or graphics on there.
It's kind of cool to like customize that stuff as well.
So it's like it's an accessibility controller, but at least that you can make it look cool, too.
Martello4 in our chat over at twitch.tv slash VOG Network says, it could be something that changes the way you game with a controller.
Yeah, it kind of makes me think about like those, those trackball people out there, which DarkSakura is one of them, by the way, you know, she's talked about her love of the trackball here.
And some people use it for ergonomic reasons as well.
It kind of makes me think of that, that like so often we talk about mouse and keyboard, mouse and keyboard.
If you're a trackball person, that like changes a lot, like the inverted mouse sort of thing, right?
So it kind of makes me think of that, that yeah, this could actually change the way you think about controllers.
Again, whether that's an accessibility thing for you, or it's just kind of a neat way to reconfigure something.
So yeah, or as pod culture wants me to say, a rad way to configure something there.
So.
All right.
Anyway, all for those new controllers.
And yeah, that would be Microsoft's second venture into this realm for this particular cycle of consoles.
So I think that's cool.
And it is, to be fair, it is this other company making it kind of like for Microsoft, which is a little different, but still very cool.
Loki, this is a very interesting follow up to something we were talking about quite a bit last week.
Arcane Austin shut down due to bug fixes for Redfall
However, Arkane Austin has actually said, Thank you for your support of messages.
We are working to release our final update, the game update for that will bring revamped neighborhood, nest system, single player pausing, offline mode and more.
More will provide additional details soon.
Thank you all.
So apparently we are going to be getting that final patch, which is nice because then it might make the game playable.
Here's my question.
Will you play it?
No.
So I'm kind of curious without the studio being out there to really market this game, it's going to be interesting to see how this is promoted.
I would imagine they're going to try to really get people through Game Pass and try to point this out as a perk of Game Pass, you know, especially with, you know, some of the games.
Play games for studios we've closed down.
You know, there's these hot, hot rumors out there.
Call of Duty
I used to be a guy that used to play Call of Duty's campaigns and Call of Duty is fun.
Like it used to be fun when we can kind of do like LAN stuff with it and like just play in a small group of friends.
But I don't want to play with randos on the Internet.
Like it's.
That time is long gone, unfortunately, because I haven't played Call of Duty in forever.
And it just isn't the game that it used to be.
And also, I don't play a single player campaign anymore.
I'm just not interested in Call of Duty anymore.
But yeah, can I not pay the upcharge for Call of Duty?
Can that be its own tier, please?
Well, quite honestly, if they up the price of Game Pass, I'm going to really consider cutting back from Ultimate, which is what I have now, to just PC.
Yeah, that's the thing is like I'm not using it at all and every month, you know?
Yeah.
So, but, but I mean, I don't know.
I, I might, I just feel like my gaming backlog is so fucking big right now.
I have so many games to catch up on.
I would be curious about Redfall offline mode, but I just, realistically, am I going to get to it when I can't stop playing the same fucking games for the past, like five years?
I don't know.
I don't know.
But I think it's neat that it's happening.
It's just, I don't know.
It's, it's weird that it's, it's like, it kind of sucks the studio closed.
You like want to be happy that this is coming.
but at the same time it's like oh but the people that made it aren't there anymore so like yeah I mean perfect example like Volition like it sucks that they closed because their last few games were kind of terrible but like there was somebody there at one time that was working on a patch for Saints Row 2 that would have been awesome if it ever did release for PC this was a fix like
All of these things that were broken with it and then we're never going to get that.
That's never coming.
Rama in chat over at twitch.tv slash VOG Network says just use discount codes for game pass four months for 30 bucks.
Hell yeah, I sort of did.
I bought I bought Xbox cards at Costco, which you can get $90 worth of cards for 100 bucks.
or no, that would that would not be a good deal other way.
I should not play deal or no deal because I would not be good at it.
Other way around you get $100 worth of cards for 90 bucks at Costco.
And I think I did something with that.
I think I just paid for like a year, which you know, the more the more you buy up front, the less a hit it is to your wallet.
So
But I also like to use the redeem the rewards but it's it's so much harder to do the rewards now I am not as actively checking the rewards because I don't use my Series X as much as I used to ever since I got a better computer.
Once I got a computer that was just as good as the modern consoles.
I've really not been playing my consoles a lot unless it's an exclusive.
Have I been playing my PlayStation 5 since Final Fantasy 16?
Honestly, not really.
A little bit, but not really.
Alright, we are going to take a trip back to a time before offline when all games were offline.
Okay, actually, maybe this particular one, you might have had a modem mode.
But most of this was offline.
So let's get to the segment.
And now it's time to travel back to a simpler time, where I'll dive into the vaults and pull out a classic and tell you about it.
It's time for the Classic Game of the Week.
Alright, but since DarkSakura isn't here tonight, she's away at the Pinball Expo, I am gonna step in and do the Classic Game of the Week.
And I picked a real old one from the archives, but I think this is one... I don't know how many of you are gonna know this one, and I really hope you do, because I think this led to an entire series of games that probably still sits on the shelf at Target that I don't know how much y'all pay attention to.
So you ready for this?
Here it is, the Classic Game of the Week is...
Hoyle's Book of Games Volume 1
but there have been tons and tons of games in this series.
It started, I actually played this one that we're taking a look at tonight.
That was the very first game that came out in 1996, but there've been a ton of games in this series.
There was a volume two, there was a volume three, which was also very good.
Then there was a volume four.
And then at that point, once Sierra put out four games, a new company called Encore Inc came in and took over the license and started putting out
Tons.
There's like at least 20 of these types of games.
And you probably have seen these games like sitting on the shelf of Target.
Like, you know, Hoyle Puzzle Board Games and Hoyle Mahjong and Hoyle Card Puzzle and Board Games from 2013.
And there was a Hoyle Card Game on the Game Boy Color and all of that.
So, um,
You probably have picked up some type of Hoil game at some point in the past.
I think I played this game.
It looks familiar, but I don't remember.
It is a blast from the past.
And yeah, I knew Bobby Blackwolf would know this one because I know he knows his Sierra.
And this was this.
If you had a Roland MT-32, like I know he did.
This is, you know, it had the soundtrack to go with it.
And those of you that are watching the game live on Twitch right now we're playing the gameplay, you'll notice some of the characters in the game are Sierra characters.
So you actually have Graham from King's Quest.
And I believe that is Rosalina and that might be Larry Laffler from Leisure Suit Larry.
So there were some game there were some characters from Sierra Games.
Apparently there were some characters in there that were actually based off Sierra staff.
And I never knew that until I did the research for tonight, is that some of that was actually Sierra staff.
Bobby in chat says, this is the only Hoyle game I played.
I didn't need any of the others.
Dude, you're missing out like two and three and four.
The other Sierra ones, especially two and three.
Three was great because three had all the board games in it.
which I'll talk again I want to focus on one tonight but we'll get into two and three just because I don't know when we'll ever get a chance to feature this series again and it is like a I think these are games that are like I shouldn't be telling you that these are games that you could play for free online at the archive.org online thing but
WinkNudge, okay?
So... And honestly, you should check it out.
Because again, look at what this series led to.
Now there's all these types of card and board games that are out there.
But yes, I played the shit out of this game because this actually had a game in it.
So there were six games in the original Volume 1.
Crazy Eights, which you're seeing on the screen now, Old Maid,
Hearts, JinRummy, Klondike, which is what most people just know as Solitaire, and then Kribbage was the key game for me because, and I think I've talked about this on the show before, Kribbage was a game that my grandpa taught me how to play.
And it's a little bit of a niche game.
It is a little bit of a retirement home type of game.
But I've actually, I kind of remember how to play Kribbage.
But I don't think I remember completely.
And I think if I were to go play a game like this online, it would remind me very easy how to play it.
In fact, even watching the YouTube of the people playing tonight kind of reminded me, oh, that's right.
You deal six cards, then you pick two cards to go in the dealer's crib so that they have like the secret hand.
And then you do the playing and you play to 31 and then there's like the 15.2, 15.4, you know, you count your points and all the points are tabulated on those infamous cribbage boards that look like the, you know, like swirlies and they had different modifiers for cribbage boards over the years.
But anyway.
I got really into cribbage because that's something that my grandpa taught me how to play.
So the fact that I could play this on my PC was really cool.
And Bobby Blackwell said, this is how I learned cribbage.
Yes.
And RecordWN says, oh, like the playing card company.
Yes, that's where it comes from.
So the series is named after Edmund Hoyle, who was a playing card expert.
There are also trademarks and designs from the Hoyle brand of playing cards,
which were licensed under Brown and Bigelow, which is the company that I guess held them when this game first came out.
So yeah, the opponents kind of had their own personas.
And you could play these different types of games in there.
And the characters that you're playing against would actually comment along the way.
For example, Larry Lafler would comment about women because you know, it was this is a game of a different time.
So he would make you know, those types of comments.
and other characters and some of you have been pointing out in chat Roger Wilco is in the game.
Yep.
Characters from Police Quest.
Yep.
Yep.
So Roger Wilco would say he wants to go out and save the universe again.
Yeah, all of that.
The game was originally developed by Warren Schwader, who actually took the concept to Ken Williams, who I believe ended up being a producer on this game of the infamous duo of Ken and Roberta Williams.
Warren ended up being the lead programmer and the game designer.
And if it looks like other Sierra online games, that's because this game was made with SCI, Sierra Creative Interpreter.
SCI was supposed to be made to do adventure games like King's Quest and, you know, that's why they all felt a little bit familiar as they were all done in SCI, but this game was done in SCI as well.
And it was a little bit of a challenge because you had to do AI for the different characters and all that.
Warren actually continued as the lead programmer and game designer for the next two games in the series, and Rob Atislap, I hope I said that right, was the composer and sound designer for those same games, which is why I think this series kind of changed when you started to get into the fourth game.
because the creative minds behind it changed.
I'm not saying they were bad, but it just kind of like they don't, the games beyond three were not as memorable to me.
That's just what it is.
This game sold a quarter of a million copies by 1990.
I will mention briefly some of the other games that came later, but I will mention those in chat too.
Some folks in chat are saying like, oh yeah, this looks like Vegas Steaks.
Who said that it was Vegas Steaks?
Because that was a very
Martell04, RemindsMeOfVegasSteaks
that also I think probably drew inspiration from that, because I think that was a HAL Laboratories game, which Vegas Stakes ended up being as well.
I wonder if somebody in chat will remember, what was the original NES game?
It had like, you walked around a casino and played Blackjack or something.
I think Vegas Stakes was also heavily inspired by that.
But like all great video games, they all end up inspiring each other.
Was it Vegas Dream?
Thank you, OrangeRite, that does sound right.
Vegas Dream, I think that is right.
So we'll highlight that game another week.
But yeah, I don't know how much else there is to say about this game.
I guess I could talk about a couple of the other games in the Hoyle series real quick.
Hoyle Book of Games Volume 2 went up to 28 games.
I won't name them all because they get a little obscure, kind of like some of the Nintendo Clubhouse Games collections, but Pyramid, Poker Square, Strategy, Flower Garden, Golf, so it gets a little, you know, in the weeds there.
But then when you get into Volume 3, it started to get into board games.
Volume 3 had Backgammon, Checkers, Dominoes, Yacht, which was the original Yahtzee, because Yahtzee is a trademark, Pachizi, and Snakes and Ladders, as opposed to Chutes and Ladders, because again, trademarks.
So that was all board games, which was fun.
And again, because it was from 91, and I think it was made in a different engine, you started to get more of the CD-ROM looking characters, but you still had Larry, you still had Graham, you still had Rosella.
You still had a lot of that.
It was actually split into good guys and bad guys, which I thought was interesting.
So then when they got into volume four, volume four was a remake of volume one, but with better graphics, basically.
So that's where the series started to go from there.
And then the the Hoyle games ended up everywhere.
So anyway, I loved this game.
I played a lot of this game and two and three.
To be fair, I play.
I remember buying all of these.
Well,
Let's be real.
I asked mommy and daddy very nicely if I got good grades to buy me these games, the first three in the series.
And I did.
I did have them all and I really loved them.
So that's why I've picked it for you all tonight.
So go forth.
My grandpa is, of course, no longer with us.
You can probably guess I'm in my 40s.
My grandpa's no longer with us.
Lucky you, if you are in your 40s, your grandpa still with you.
But he's moved on.
But the love of cribbage is something I will remember him by.
And yeah, if I if I can air a bit of a personal grievance, which I probably shouldn't do here on the show, but I'm going to anyway.
When my grandpa passed away, there was one thing that I wanted.
I wanted his old cribbage board.
And do you know that they let other friends of his come into the house first and take the things they wanted before they let some of the other family members come in the house take things they wanted?
My my understanding was they actually wanted to give me their car.
And I didn't even get that.
And I let me I want to stress this.
I didn't care about the fucking car.
I wanted the cribbage board.
And to this day, I'm still really salty that I didn't get that.
So, not to bring up too much personal drama, but some of these types of connections with games are really fucking important.
So, just putting it out there.
But anyway, all that aside, I can still enjoy Cribbage through Hoyle and other modern interpretations of it.
Although, honestly, I don't see Cribbage in a lot of modern games.
I don't even think it was in Nintendo's thing, if I remember right.
Um, was it not in, um...
the 3DS one I had or it might have been I don't think it was in the Switch one.
I don't know what it's called now.
The Switch one, Clubhouse.
Clubhouse Games.
Yeah.
Well, there was the original Clubhouse Games and there was they called it something else for the Switch.
But yeah.
Worldwide Classics or something like that.
That's it.
That's right.
Because it was games around the world.
That's what it was.
Yeah, you're right.
It was Worldwide Classics.
Does it list the games?
It does not.
Because why would we do that?
PodCulture in chat says, I don't even know what the fuck Cribbage is.
Well, here's your chance to go learn.
Go to the game's archive, or if you can find a legit copy of this game, hey, go for it.
But let's be real, you're probably going to find this on an abandonware site somewhere.
Go forth and learn how to play because I think I skipped by it when I did the video, but let me go.
It's still playing on the other screen here.
And I believe actually in the very beginning, I think the person recording this YouTube also did not know how to play Cribbage.
So it actually does walk you through the rules.
Although at some point in the rules, it says there's more.
I think the last screen here says there's more information in the book because I and I get it.
It can't explain all of the different county.
There it is.
Please see Hoyle's Rules of Games for complete instructions.
So that was the copy protection.
The actual how to how to play the game fully was in the manual.
Oh, thank you, Matt, for that convenient link that I won't point out in chat, but it is there.
So.
All right.
That was your classic game of the week.
Hoyle's official book of games.
We're going to say volume one.
I know I touched on a little bit of the entire series tonight, because again, I don't know if I'll get a chance to do volume two and three later on.
But yeah, there you go.
Yeah, it does not have cribbage.
Involute.
Oh, no, not Clubhouse Games.
No, it doesn't.
No, no, no, it does not.
And it's also not in alphabetical order.
Thank you, Nintendo.
Why?
Why would you do this?
Yeah, they might.
Was it called Crib in another?
I think it's always been Cribbage.
I don't think that's a trademark name.
I think because like I think there's different companies that sell Cribbage boards.
So.
Anyway, where my cribbage fans at email the show participate at orange launch radio.com maybe maybe one of these days we'll do a tournament for charity.
All right.
Let's get to some other headlines in the segment we call rapid fire news and quickly talk about some other things going on in the industry Loki.
Yeah, so the timing of this couldn't be any more perfect.
I think we were joking about video game product placement and stuff, and we mentioned Final Fantasy with Cup Noodles and stuff, and sure enough,
A few days later, Final Fantasy 14 players can unlock Mountain Zoo.
That's right.
It's a special mount that you can get in Final Fantasy and Zoo being, you know, a flying bird creature in the game.
Now there's Mountain Zoo that you can get by drinking Mountain Dew.
And along with that, yes, it's redeeming codes on the drink until up to July 14th is when they'll be available.
Um, cool.
This is not, this is not the first time Final Fantasy has done this, by the way, there was a promotion with Butterfinger a few years ago, you may or may not recall, and you could get a mount that way too.
So this is not new.
But by the way, this all ties into the Xbox promotion stuff.
And it's and trust me, I care because I play this game, there is no other way to get the mount and zoom out.
Now it is a recoloring of a mount that exists in the game already, as most of these tend to be, but I still want it.
Sparkling Citrus Refreshment Minion
As somebody who's diabetic, and I've been very open about that on the show, I have type 2, and my blood sugar numbers are great.
I lost weight, and no, I did not take the shot, but no shame if you had to.
Everybody does their weight loss journeys in different ways.
So I was lucky enough that with a lot, a lot of walking and changing my diet, I was able to get things under control.
For now, and that might change as I get older.
But my point is, Mountain Dew is like literally the worst fucking drink.
I do know how much sugar is in Mountain Dew, especially Mountain Dew Code Red.
Yeah, not good for you at all.
And you know, I understand there's a lot of people out there that are drinking it, what have you, but it is not good.
If you drink it in moderation, then whatever.
Now, you can find these
in bottles of Diet Mountain Dew and Mountain Dew Zero, which are actually the zero drink.
But again, you don't want to drink too much of that, but I'm okay with drinking one of those every other day or so or whatever.
But we were at Walmart yesterday.
I don't know why, but sometimes we're bored and we went to Walmart, like we're living in another town in the middle of nowhere.
We were bored and we went to Walmart.
And the
No, actually, it was on Friday.
It wasn't yesterday.
On Friday, we were bored.
We went to Walmart, and I looked, and they had the Mountain Dew with all the codes.
They had the code reds, the code purples, the code greens.
They all have other names, but I don't know what they are.
So I just call them code purple and code orange.
They had all that.
They had zero Mountain Dew diets.
They had zero Mountain Dew, zero calories.
And I'm worried that those drinks are like the hardest ones to find, which sucks.
So that's all.
So I just feel a personal sense.
And Shane was like, well, just buy him anyway.
Give him to Alan.
I'm like, Alan's not going to drink him either.
He's he's trying to watch his intakes and all that.
He doesn't he doesn't want him.
He's like, well, pour him down the sink.
And I'm like, honestly, for this mount, I might have to do it unless Loki wants.
No, you don't even drink Mountain Dew either.
No, I don't like mom, do you?
You.
Oh, hey, DarkSakura, how are you?
I'm exhausted.
Yeah, I thought you weren't going to make it tonight.
I rushed home and there is pizza at home and I have a pizza and my muscles have hatred.
Oh, my gosh.
All right.
Well, I played so much pinball.
Let's catch up with you in a minute.
Let's finish Rapid Fire News and we'll come back and catch up on your pinball journey here real quick.
SG100 Matt in chat says, I remember Crystal Pepsi having 69 grams of sugar.
Nice.
uh, while that is nice, not really nice for your body.
No, no.
And again, I don't want to say, I don't want to be the first person to sit up here and go, you shouldn't drink Mountain Dew.
It's bad for you.
I mean, it is, but you can do everything in moderation, right?
Ice cream's bad for you too, but I'm not going to sit here and tell you not to eat it.
Eat it in moderation.
That's all.
But yeah, Mountain Dew is one of those things where even the Mountain Dew zero, I wouldn't drink all that in a day.
I would have like one bottle every few days, but I could still get the mountain a week if I could find them.
Anyway, let's do gelato.
And that was pretty yummy.
Oh, Mountain Dew flavored things is pretty good.
SSU 100 Matt says even Cookie Monster says he has cookies in moderation now.
Yes.
All right.
Loki.
What else?
Yes.
Yeah, in fact, if you have too much Mountain Dew, you might end up fat and flatulent like this character, Wario, who, of course, folks are saying, you know, expecting the next Mario movie, obviously.
And there's been a campaign online to try to get Danny DeVito to play Wario.
And he said, yeah, I would do it.
Just give me a call.
Hell yes.
And exactly.
Well, yes, that does my response.
Call him.
Call him now.
Make it happen, please.
Oh my god, if he couldn't be Detective Pikachu, at least give us this.
At least give us this, Nintendo.
I want to personally speak to Miyamoto and tell him this needs to happen.
This is a brilliant idea.
Please make this happen.
All right, speaking of Miyamoto and Nintendo, some classic Game Boy games have made their way onto the Nintendo Switch Online service this week, including games I really can't believe weren't already there.
So what better time to release them than fucking randomly in the middle of May to finally release Super Mario Land is available finally on yeah, right.
I saw you make that face, Loki.
That was the face.
That wasn't already there.
Yeah, I know.
Right.
So there it is.
and then Alleyway, which was also kind of a, it was a launch title, I remember I owned that game out the gate too, it's basically Breakout or Arkanoid without the, you know, graphics and the Moai statue, but it was basically that, is also available now, and Baseball is also there, which was an early Game Boy release, so those are all available as well.
Japan actually got an extra release, they got
Kairu no tame ni kane wa naru
boy or something like that.
Dang it.
Now I got to look it up because I forgot the name in a minute.
The frog for whom the bell tolls.
That's it.
The frog for whom the bell tolls is that game that is additional in Japan, which I actually had never heard of.
But it looked kind of neat.
But it looks like it is heavy on the Japanese text.
So that's probably why you're not going to see a release that over here in the US.
But again, you can get those Japanese games if you create a Japanese online account.
So something to think about.
Also, I think I have one more.
That's right.
If you want to play other classics, you can also check out the Taito Milestones collection.
Taito Milestones 3 is on its way out.
It is coming out on the Nintendo Switch in Winter 2024.
And again, for a Taito collection, I can't believe some of these games weren't already released, such as Bubble Bobble.
and Rainbow Islands, which are only two of the biggest IPs in their archive, but will finally make their way out with Taito Milestones 3.
Some other games too, Rastan Saga, which you probably have heard of that one too, is also be there.
Then some other ones, maybe a little less known, but maybe you know them.
Kodash is in the collection too, Champion Wrestler, RuneArc, and ThunderFox.
DarkSakura, I think now's a good time to talk to you about what happened over the weekend.
So I'm kind of feel inspired now because I have a translation of Kairi no Tame ni Kane wa Naru.
I have the, I don't know how it'll come across, but I could give it a try.
I like every part of it's translated.
Oh, that's pretty cool.
If it, if my copy still works, then I'll play it.
But yeah, pinball, so much pinball.
They had the, they showcased the Princess Bride.
with its incomplete code.
It was mean to me, but Dan had a really good play on it.
And like the Cliffs of Insanity and everything.
And some people might have heard my voice doing commentary on the semifinal and the finals tournaments going on in pinball.
The last couple of matches were pretty intense.
I also got to play John Wick
Um, what I played of it was really fun, honestly, but people are complaining that there is no mention of gun violence in it.
When like, hello, do you even know what this movie is?
But as a table, it's really fun to play.
I quite enjoyed it.
They probably still want to make sure that like family pizza places are willing to pick up the game and stuff like that.
I think I think it's they sanitized it to make it more marketable is what they did.
then I wonder why then you know Jersey Jack didn't do that for Godfather or Guns N' Roses.
Oh, yeah.
But anyway, I mean, we even brought a couple of ours like we brought Shadow.
I didn't realize it was ours when I played it because, you know, we cycle things out sometimes, but it has like a full on gun as the ball launch.
So, I mean, so did the original Guns N' Roses table that I'm thinking of because I love that table.
You had that at some point, too.
We did.
Now we have the new one.
The Jersey Jack.
Oh, right.
Jersey Jack did one.
Yeah.
I played Elton John.
I played the Super Mario Mushroom Kingdom
The little child-sized Gotleb one.
And I still want one.
I told Dan I want one because it's like my height.
You said the height of a hobbit.
You sent me promo for the ABBA table, too, which apparently is a huge ABBA banner.
Yeah, they didn't have the table.
It's not done yet.
But yeah, I think it's for sale, that huge ass banner.
But it would take like an entire wall.
I mean, I have some pretty I'll send you a picture of it.
But, um.
But yeah, they they actually had the remastered Funhaus, which I will never own another one of those in my life because of that stupid head.
They had a giant like symbol monkey.
You know what I'm talking about?
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Glowing red eyes.
And he nearly I was going around the corner and I'd forgotten about it.
And I nearly get bapped in the head by a symbol by an evil giant monkey.
Um.
EnoBobby, I might suggest that Dan should consider getting Abba and storing Abba's dining room.
That's an expensive storage.
I appreciate the thought, but we do stuff like that, though.
It's a big, big thing.
It's like, hey, I got to move some stuff.
Can I keep a couple of pins at your place?
I really I played a lot of stuff like.
I actually got to take a little time to have a few rounds on Tommy.
Because the last few times I've tried to play one, it's been out of order, or there's been lines, or something.
So I really, really like how Tommy plays.
Of course, I'll play the Black Rose.
But as far as things, the big draw-in was the Funhouse... Oh, they had Queen?
I didn't play Queen.
But I did play Alien, which has been out for a little bit, but that table is so well done, it's so good.
So the big draw-ins were, of course, the tournament.
They had the semi-finals, and then the finals were today.
And then there was the women's tournament last night, which I didn't go to.
I was sitting outside in the camping area talking about pinball and who knows what else with some of the other regulars.
They had a free tiki bar.
I, however, I brought my own Guinness because apparently everybody just drinks IPAs and I don't know what's wrong with them.
And I mean, it was just like a really a really good time.
It was.
And this one this this year, I spent more time socializing, which is not normally my thing.
You know, it's good, though.
But I got to play what I wanted to play and I made some friends and I got to, you know, I sort of cross-promoted a little bit to get more folks onto the Elk Grove Pinball Twitch.
Plug, plug, plug, plug, plug.
And I will...
Give a shout out if no one minds, but Elgrove Pinball has really been working with a lot of the other pinball groups in the area, too.
They broadcast the League Nights.
I may be at League Night on Thursday this week.
Oh, nice.
But just a bunch of really, really good folks.
And, you know, and they put a lot of effort into putting on the Golden State Pinball Festival every year and also work with a pentagogo that happens in Dixon that I don't go to because of corn pollen.
But it's just a really, really great group of people, really.
You get people all over the gamut of, you know, politics and religion and this, that, and the other, but the one thing they all come together over is pinball.
And I think that something like that is great, that we need to remember what we have in common with people and not so much what makes us different.
I mean, what makes us different makes us diverse, but, you know,
When you're looking at, like, a lot of people do us versus them and generalize about all the sides, much like they're doing with current events overseas.
But you have to take a moment and stop and think these are people.
And remember that you're dealing with people.
And find... If you're gonna reach somebody, the best way to do it is with an open, respectful discourse.
And I was very much reminded of the humanity of people during all of this.
Everyone was kind.
Everyone had, you know, would offer a seat around, you know, the little propane fire.
And it was that that really struck me about just how strong the community here is.
DragonCon 2019
DragonCon is the city of DragonCon.
It is not anything else playing into that.
Conventions are their own little subculture.
I'm sure Ranma would have a lot to say on this topic, with as many as he goes to.
Even in Parsippany, New Jersey.
has its own little community around it, the regulars, the new folks, and how people fit into it.
I mean, TwitchCon certainly feels a lot different than going to Anime Expo back in the day.
Fanime felt different than Anime Expo.
But it's like its own little microcosm of a community.
Yeah.
And with its own social rules and its own language sometimes, and it's really beautiful to watch, but
But yeah, Ranma, I would love to make that a VOG roundtable.
I love the idea of that series coming back.
But it's just it's just the thought of.
You know, no matter like where on the spectrum people are, they've come together for this one thing just to have joy.
Just to be full of joy and bring each other joy and to enjoy each other's company, enjoying the thing that brings them joy.
And we don't have enough of that, you know?
I mean, the internet used to make me really happy until, you know, the echo chamber got so loud and so, you know, lots of, you know, data breaches and you name it and AI and bullshit.
I just want to follow up to- I miss those communities.
I just want to follow up to DJ Ranma's comment saying possible VOG roundtable.
Honestly, I wonder if they're still looking for DragonCon roundtables because they've been doing stuff every week leading up to DragonCon.
That might be a fun way to get you kids involved with that a little bit to some extent.
So- If they find me out.
No, no, no, no, it's virtual virtual roundtables leading up to the actual event.
It's just to find me out.
I'm famous.
Good luck.
Okay.
Well, look, I can't wait for you to make that case.
But anyway, I could just fake being an heiress in New York, you know.
GoldenState Pinball Expo
Alright, let's travel to some release dates around the world.
So Loki, we'll start with you.
And I don't know if Jamie wants to do UK dates or what?
I'll do mine.
Alright, cool.
So we'll start with Loki in the US.
World of Warcraft Cataclysm update on PC and Mac Neptunia Sisters vs. Sisters on Xbox One and Xbox Series
Senua's Saga Hellblade 2 on PC and Xbox Series.
That game finally is coming out.
Finally coming out this week.
Okay, with all the hype upon hype upon hype that Microsoft put into that game.
I had no idea it was coming out this week.
Finally.
Yeah, they have done no advertising.
So
I don't know why.
I'm literally speaking.
OK, anyway.
OK, move on.
It's fine.
System Shock is getting its console release on PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, Xbox One, Xbox Series.
Same with X Defiant.
That's now, I guess, being released on PC, PlayStation 5 and Xbox Series.
I thought that was already out.
Maybe that's coming out of early access.
RKGK, Rakugaki on PC Weathering Waves on PC, iOS, and Android CardsRPG, The Misty Battlefield on PC, Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4, and PlayStation 5
HotTea on PC, Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, Xbox One, Xbox Series.
I'm going to try to pronounce this.
The quintessential quintuplets memory of a quintessential summer and quintessential quintuplets five memories spent with you on Nintendo Switch and PlayStation 4.
Until then on PC and PlayStation 5.
And, uh, well, I forgot this was even coming out to Paper Mario and the Thousand Year Door on Nintendo Switch.
World of Goo 2 on PC and Nintendo Switch.
Dragon Ball Xenoverse 2 on PlayStation 5 and Xbox Series.
And last but not least, 33 Immortals on PC and Xbox Series.
That's it.
busy busy week but not really surprised because Memorial Day week leading into summer you know big releases going on Japan pretty busy as well so let's get to it Japan also has on the Nintendo Switch Paper Mario the Thousand Year Door of course that's a worldwide release that's hitting Japan as well on May 23 Earth Defense Earth Defense Force World Brothers 2 also out in Japan on May the 23rd
Cards, or C.A.R.D.S.
R.P.G., The Misty Battlefield, is also out on the Switch in Japan.
Kingdom Come Deliverance in a Royal Edition, also in Japan this week.
You can also get Hyperdimension Neptunia Rebirth.
You can either get 1, 2, and 3 all in a triple pack, or you can buy them by themselves.
That's Rebirth 1, Rebirth 2 Sisters Generation, and Rebirth 3 V Generation, all coming out on the Switch this week.
So those are the releases on the Switch.
Let's check the PlayStation 5 real quick.
That same Earth Defense Force game, World Brothers 2, also out in Japan this week.
Ys Memoir.
Oh, I didn't know we got a new Ys game this week.
The Oath in Felghana is also out this week in Japan on the PS5.
That same C.A.R.D.S.
RPG is also out in Japan on the PS5.
And Tower of Fantasy, Assemble Edition, also out in Japan on the PS5.
Pretty busy week for Japan.
So let's go to UK.
Well, before we do that, I do also want to mention that for anyone who was following it, um, the group that was doing, uh, drag her, the drag queen fighting game.
Um, they don't have the funding.
They don't have the ability to finish the game.
So they are, they've released it for free on steam with everything that they have, uh, for the game in the game.
So it's free.
Give it a go.
Give it a try.
Send them some love and support.
They put a lot of heart into this game.
Alright, so coming out though in the UK.
On the 21st, for PlayStation and Xbox, we have System Shock.
And for PlayStation and Switch, we have, uh, Iodine Chronicles, Hundred Heroes.
On the 23rd, we have, uh, for Switch, we have Paper Mario, The Thousand Year Door.
And then for, on the 24th for PlayStation and Xbox, Dragon Ball Xenoverse 2, which I was playing like, what, six years ago?
I mean, anyway.
And then also on PlayStation, we have Madison VR.
All right.
Well, we will move on.
We have just a couple more stories for you.
And then we'll get to our listener roundtable emails and all that good stuff.
Maybe a call or two maybe, maybe.
We'll see.
Let's get to these first last stories.
Loki.
The petition in the UK has reached 10,000 signatures, which requires a government response.
And well, they received a response from the government saying, you know, essentially the case was that those games selling must comply with UK consumer law.
They must provide clear information and continue or allow continued access to the games that are sold on the understanding it will remain playable indefinitely.
That's of course,
what they were asserting with the campaign.
The government response is consumers should be aware that there is no requirement in UK law compelling software companies to provide and providers to support older versions of their operating system software or connected products.
There may be occasions where companies make a commercial decision based on high running costs of maintaining older servers for video games that have declining user bases.
So essentially, not necessarily the response that they were waiting to see,
But I think that's kind of that makes sense.
Yes.
Existing laws don't really cover that.
But what they're trying to do is get laws passed to cover that.
And so now the next step is if the petition can hit 100,000 signatures, then that'll be enough for it to be subject to a parliamentary debate.
So it'll be brought to the floor to be debated, I guess.
They would actually have to debate it on the floor.
That's great.
Yes.
So yes, but as of right now, not surprised that there are no laws that protect consumers in that way.
All right.
Well, maybe there should be.
That's what they're trying to do.
The whole situation is just, you know, it's just this peril of living in this online and connected world and all this other stuff.
But anyway, we've talked about this to death.
So
I mean, yeah, I mean, we talked to all these different companies looking to make live service games.
What do you think is going to happen to all those games?
They're going to get shut down like it's going to be horrible for video game conservation and stuff.
SSJ100 Matt says it tickles me that they still wear wigs in the UK Supreme Court.
Yes.
I want to see a bunch of men in wigs argue about this.
Right.
Guess what, a lot of our congressmen are also wearing wigs, they just call them toupees.
Alright, moving on though, we have talked about the battle pass and all that issue to death, so let's talk about death and other means.
I want to talk about dead by daylight, which I saved this for last on purpose, thinking that DarkSakura might make it in time.
And you already mentioned last week on the show, you talked about that Dungeons and Dragons was being teased for a collaboration with Dead by Daylight.
And we did find out this week that yes, Dungeons and Dragons is coming to Dead by Daylight and we'll be getting the new killer Vecna will be coming to the game.
Memories Around Vecna
It's little and bitch combined into one word, the lich.
Um, I will say from watching the Oh, and there is a new survivor as well, who is a literal elf.
Two survivors.
Well, no, it's one.
One is a human.
No, one's a human bard and the other is an elven bard.
But it's it's a legendary reskin, right?
So it's one survivor slot.
right?
Because there's no separate perks.
Yeah, it's one survivor slot with legendary reskin.
The female elf is the default and the male is a switch.
And she's adorable.
And whose name I cannot recall and is not here in front of me.
Oh, the name of that survivor.
But when I was watching the public test round, what was cracking me up is that Vecna has this whole mechanism with like you have chests that are all throughout the field and you actually roll a d20 and a little d20 comes up on the screen.
And if you get a 20, you might get like a really fucking awesome item, which the one I saw was the whole like if you run into a locker, it will literally teleport you to another locker on the map.
It is the get out of a killer chase free card.
That's really overpowered in my opinion.
But you know, that's great for tunnelers.
Also, it's a street as our that's it.
Okay, thank you.
And the male is a bear Mara's.
So, but if you roll a one, then the chest becomes a mimic and it will actually start eating you and make you scream, which is only going to make the list find you easier.
I
Skullmommy
And that's why when I saw in the trailer, she's sneaking in and opening the box with the hand.
I'm like, oh, shit, I did this this in in a real D&D game before.
And then, you know, you turn around and he's like, uh, sup, bitch?
Yeah.
Oh, Vecna is not.
a bad guy to be trifle with.
a whole little talent where they play a guitar.
And they actually like, yeah, I think it's a, it's a, another D20 mechanic if I remember right.
And we're playing for you on Twitch.
This is just a random YouTube of somebody actually playing as Vekna.
You can see what it looks like in game and like the different abilities and stuff.
so uh but the um and you can actually see how rad this map is too it's it's and you see the beholder that was the one from the trailer and this there's one of the portals yep and this really is probably the best map i've seen behavior make for the game and this is coming off the it's the borgo yeah the um the alien map the nostromo was really good too so they're on a roll lately with this stuff
They took the Knights map and completely retooled it for this character.
It's pretty awesome.
I mean, I do like the bright yellow and red map, I'll be honest.
But this is cool.
Not the YouTube buffering.
All right, let's see if I can skip ahead to a different part.
I have a blender rip of the new character and her instrument.
But yeah, it just looks really cool.
So I'm excited to check that out when it actually hits the live game.
But because they were doing the 8th anniversary announcements, they decided they weren't going to stop there and they would announce a little further in advance too, which to be fair, they did last year.
If I remember, I didn't
Resident Evil didn't come out for the anniversary that came out later right and they teased that or that was Resident Evil part two specifically with Ada Wong and all that.
This time around, they have announced the next collaboration will be Castlevania, which
has been rumored there's some leaks out there some pretty some DVD leakers that are getting a lot of clout right now because they called this one but Castlevania is going to be the next collaboration not the first time behavior has worked with Konami because of course Silent Hill is in the game and Cheryl probably has more reskins than anybody else because you can be Cheryl you can be Nurse Lisa you can be James which doesn't make any sense but anyway you can be Alyssa you can be the cop what's her name
Uh...
So you can be Cheryl's like 20 different characters.
Cybill Bennett.
Cybill, that's it.
And then you can be Pyramid Head.
And you can be Robby if you play Legion.
That's right.
And Robby, not the robot.
I was going to say Robby the robot.
Robby the rabbit.
Yes, is a legionary skin.
So there's lots of Silent Hills.
And then it got its own map, too.
And the Midwich map is pretty rad.
And it's a very it's a very like definitive map because it's very it's like probably the easiest map to understand.
So true story, on that map, if you've got survivors who don't know what the crap they're doing, you get a really quick 4K on it.
I got my Clown Adept on it in five minutes.
Oh, wow.
Literally.
Midwich is a square donut map.
That is all it is.
It is.
It's a square donut map with staircases on both sides.
And an Easter egg.
Yeah.
So.
There's an easter egg too, the whole summoning circle thing, if you do the gens in a certain order, right?
Oh yeah, so you have to do, and you don't always get both of these generators, so you have to do, you can do the bottom ones, that's fine, but upstairs you have to do the chem lab first.
And then you have to do the music room.
When you do the chem lab, you'll hear the bell tower go off.
And then you do the same for the music room.
And if you do both of that, and you hear both of the chimes, then at the end game collapse, so when the gates are open,
The clock tower opens and usually there's an item of rare quality, although I've gotten flashlights every last time I've gotten it done.
Actually, the last few times I've gotten it done, my game's been glitched and I don't see the doors open.
I just see my friends walking through the door, going into the clock tower and getting whatever they want.
But it's really cool.
It's a neat effect.
Um, so it has the sign of Metatron in it, too.
So obviously, behaviors done a great job with Konami previously.
So Castlevania in that regard does make sense.
But of course, I'm sure a lot of people are going to house Castlevania to work in Dead by Daylight.
But I think it's about fucking time we had a vampire character in the game.
I think it's obvious Dracula's got to be the killer.
And it'll be specifically the the
I just can't see a Belmont being a survivor like that.
What if we get Maria?
or is it just a licensed killer?
According to some of the people I follow, the rumor is that it's going to be with the December release.
Okay.
Because they're guessing that that's the next big licensed one with both killer and survivor.
And that's where the thought is going for right now.
But also the other reason why we have Vecna for D&D is they were going to get a vampire.
Yeah, I heard about that.
Yeah, they were doing Count something was supposed to be the D&D character.
Yeah.
Yeah, my brain no work.
But but yeah, that they because Castlevania, they got the deal for it.
They went with Vecna instead.
Yeah.
Which means that all of those people who were saying that Stranger Things Vecna was coming in were kind of like minuscule.
Correct.
I believe there is an interview.
It was a hoax, but yeah, I believe there's an interview out there with somebody from Behavior that said this doesn't rule out Stranger Things Vecna, but they just have nothing else to announce at this time.
But they are.
Would they do like a reskin?
I don't see how they could with the deal between Hasbro and the deal with Netflix.
They would have to call the killer something else.
They would have to have the lich and they would have to have the whatever would make sense, the imagination or I don't know what they would call it.
I think it was like experiment, whatever.
Yeah, the experiment or something that might be.
So they would have to like have it.
I mean, Chucky is the good guy.
Yeah.
So, but anyway, I think Dead by Daylight's in a pretty good place right now.
Actually, since you're here, DarkSakura, before we get to the listener roundtable, I kind of want to ask you, what do you think of the Chaos Shuffle event going on right now?
Because I think it's great.
I haven't had a chance to play anything.
It's not long enough.
Oh, that's right, because it's only been this weekend.
It's not long enough.
I think it's great.
Do you know why I think it's great?
Six days.
Here's the thing.
Because killers and survivors cannot bring sweaty builds.
VOG Network, DJ Ranma S, Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
VOG Network, DJ Ranma
I'm gonna log in tonight, but I'm not streaming.
I'm just logging in to get my blood points.
But I'm gonna spend a little bit of... I mean, if it's still going on Tuesday, then I'll be dedicating my survivor time to that.
So... But it's... It's... I think that they're really trying to keep people playing the game who have gotten burnt out.
Yeah.
That makes sense.
Makes sense.
And just when I think I might take a step back from it, I get pulled right back in.
Yeah, and now this D&D thing is huge.
It's going to be a real... The D&D thing is really big for me.
It's going to be as good as the Resident Evil stuff was for the game, I think.
Oh, yeah.
And... But I was still a little bit on the fence until I saw the trailer and saw her going for the hand.
Yeah.
And that was exactly the same feeling I had playing that campaign for the first time.
So... Good times.
Yeah.
All right.
Well, let's get to the listener roundtable.
Every week we invite your phone calls over on our discord server over at vognetwork.com slash discord.
We have a green room channel available if you want to give us a call.
Again, that's vognetwork.com slash discord in the green room, but I would encourage you to just join our discord channel and talk to us throughout the week.
A lot of stories that we end up doing on the show are suggested by you all in our chat room over at Orange Lounge Radio, which is always a delight to see.
So again, join us in our Discord server and talk to us throughout the week.
We also have a mailbag.
Participate at orangeloungeradio.com.
I know we have at least one.
I think there might be two, but at least one.
I'm checking.
And we're going to get to those here in just a moment.
I will jump quickly to Loki for a last minute story if we happen to have one before we do eels.
I don't have any.
All right, unfortunately, well, guess what?
We have a call in the green room so we can get to that first.
So let's do it.
Let's get right into it.
Hello.
You are on Orange Launch Radio.
Who's this?
Oh, hi, everybody.
It's the one and only Ranma.
How's everybody doing tonight?
I am doing fabulous.
And I love the shirt you're wearing because I happen to have the same one.
I know.
I just had to.
I just had to.
Thank you.
It's great.
Not not currently, but sometimes.
What's on your mind, buddy?
How you doing?
Look, you just have to mention con culture, and- Oh, I thought this might be it.
20 plus years of drunken and sober camaraderie, over 250 conventions- How many cons do you go to in a year?
At least 15.
At least 15.
No.
No.
No.
I would say at least four or five, because more than half of them are local.
uh okay okay yeah if you go back to like late 90s early 2000s 2010s cons were scattered all over con chairs would actually work with each other on dates so that they wouldn't overlap each other now it's like oh i'm having my con this weekend well screw you i'm having my con this weekend and the other person's like well we're like
5-6 hours away from y'all so we're doing it this weekend.
So many.
Yes, because of the pandemic, the convention bubble legitimately burst.
Yeah.
And then the great idea was, let's do virtual conventions.
Oh, I was all about that.
but that one 4th of July weekend where I had Twitch up on the Xbox for a convention, Twitch up on one laptop for another convention, and then Twitch up on this desk for another convention, trying to pay attention to all of it, and I went and said,
This is bullshit and I just cut it all off and just decided to play video games only tuned in for certain panels and that was it.
me personally, I hated the I hated it.
I I'm fine with it with things that are related to my day job and the professional stuff, because I don't know.
It's a very different vibe.
And so like I can do virtual conventions, my day job, and I've done stuff like that.
But that's very different from like the personal hanging out that, you know, there's a certain culture of randomness that I don't need for my work conventions that I do need for my personal personal conventions.
And that's for me.
I wasn't getting that from the virtual thing.
I understand why it happened.
It's an era of our lives.
Nugget
But now I don't really mind it per se because there are still some conventions that still do the whole virtual effect, but it's more like, oh, we'll stream certain panels and events.
You pay 10 bucks and you have access to it for this year and prior years.
I'm okay with that.
You have that option.
DragonCon DC TV
This let them be a part of the fandoms they love.
is the cosplay aspect.
Now, I record a lot of cosplay masquerades, so basically you're on stage with your props, you have a little minute, about a time to do what you gotta do.
In the virtual sense, they're basically told, well, here's your time.
Have at it.
You have cosplayers doing their skits in backyards, parks, in front of museums, all over just to get it like as close to the anime that they're doing as possible and throwing in all these special effects.
That is one of the best things I've seen come out of it.
Fully animated backgrounds on a green screen that they've done from scratch.
Yes.
I mean, granted, there are some conventions now where you can still do your skit on the stage, you have the video playing in the background, some cons, the background's a giant backdrop, others not so much, but you can make it work, you know?
I think we might've got a little off track to what you were originally called, which is fine, but OLR, Tangents, what?
What did you really want to talk about tonight, DarkSakura?
No, the culture, the convention culture is like, you will go to a con,
Not knowing anybody after three days, you're gonna walk out with probably a couple of hundred of photos, half of them are selfies, new social media contacts, and then you're chatting with them the next week over random and awesome stuff.
I like the fact that one of my favorite things about the con culture is late Friday nights and late Saturday nights.
What we used to do was hang out in front of
the hotel not the lobby but in the hotel you find con goers there's all different types of conversations next thing you know someone's like you here have a drink it's this and this and you're just having a good time yes i understand you know you shouldn't take a drink from somebody that you don't know but in that con culture they're not gonna start doing with the uh with the religious protesters though at anime expo i miss that in full costume
Oh, Jamie, you'd like this.
If it can be found, every year at ZankiCon, there's always that one person that has the religious guy.
There is a picture of me cosplaying Gardebel, standing right next to him, giving the seal of approval or something like that.
There's a picture.
And he thinks I'm actually on his side.
No.
That's great.
Yeah, I you know, it's when DarkSakura was talking about that, you know, what she was talking about the being a little more extroverted, I guess this year in the connections she was making, you know, it might surprise you all, but the first couple Dragon Cons I went to, I was also very insulated because I didn't hardly know anybody.
I have very vivid memories of going to my first LGBT kind of party at Dragon Con, really hoping to meet people.
And I had I had one.
Bless this drag queen who came up and talked to me because she saw that I was kind of like lonely and she actually came up and talked to me, asked who I was and what I was about.
And you know, she doesn't know like, yeah, I have this like long running podcast about video games, all this stuff.
And she was a and I wish I remembered her name.
God damn it.
But she was a Star Trek themed drag queen, classic Star Trek.
She only did dress ups from classic Star Trek.
And I won't forget that.
I mean, I forgot her name, which I guess isn't great.
But I won't forget that gesture, which I thought was like really awesome.
Because yeah, it took it took me a little while to find my footing socially, as well.
So you know,
But now and now I've got my own crowd.
And I know even even Bobby's like, wow, Rob's just like got his own group, the Dragon Con.
And, you know, sometimes we intermix, you know, and I've borrowed I've borrowed one of his friends over the years, too.
So like, you know, it's just like her and her and I were hanging out a lot with because it was Alan's first year.
So Bobby has another friend.
And last year, especially, we just like we pretty much kidnapped her for the entire weekend.
Is it Heather Wood?
What?
Is it Heather Wood?
Was she out of New York?
No.
Okay, Rob, to go back to the LGBT meetup, I have a little story.
I have a con kid that
My real kid but someone I adopted along the way, you know.
So she comes with us to conventions and so forth and she's shy and quiet but she loves anime and cosplay and through deducting and reasoning I discovered she's queer.
So I'm like, you know what?
I wouldn't introduce you to all of my queer friends.
So if there's a question that you're going to ask me that I don't have an answer to, here's a list of your gay aunts and uncles that's going to answer them for you.
Behold, gays.
Exactly!
And I introduce her to all, and she just gets excited going to concerts.
She knows this person, she has somebody that also she can hang out with and so forth.
If I'm not around, if Mako, if Alice is not around, there's places that she can go and hang out with and so forth.
That's another thing that I really enjoy about this culture.
It's like, for the most part, nobody gives a damn about
In my case, you wake up still in your live-action vampire outfit under somebody's bed.
That was my first Mobicon.
I will tell another Dragon Con story that to kind of wrap this up, but it's it's a good one.
It's how I how I met one of my closest probably Dragon Con pals, Jordan, that I see every year and hang out with for at least a little bit and him and his group and you know, I met a lot of them.
So the funny story about Jordan is that I met Jordan, we were hanging out.
So Exetior came to Dragon Con one year, it was the year before the
Panini.
He came to DragonCon before he had a kid too, which is also a reason why he hasn't been back since then, as he's being a full-time dad.
But Extro was there, and Extro knew, I think he met a group of people through Twitter, because at the time Twitter was cool.
He met a group of people through that, and I went with him to go to these DragonCon events, and then we kind of met like a little group of like his Twitter friends and their friends, and then I, you know, we were just talking and like all hanging out, and then like
Jordan was on Facebook doing so he's like, Oh, sorry, I'm doing this like online survivor thing.
I've got to check.
I'm like, Hold up, hold up.
You do online like fake survivor games.
He's like, Yeah, I'm like, I play orgs too.
And we realized, we knew each other's games that we were and like, it was one of those things.
It was like, wait a minute, because obviously, that's a very, like nuanced, like small circle, right?
And then once it only takes that connection, right?
Once we had that connection, we were like,
Now it's like, okay, DragonCon bestie, like, let's go, let's hang out.
Because like, you and I have an understanding, we have a connection.
And this is like a thing we can talk about, like literally all night, there is so much drama in those games, which I haven't played in a long time.
And I probably won't again, just because they're a big time sink.
But there's like so much drama and things you can talk about with all that.
So it's just it's
And that was cool.
It was like DragonCon kind of brought that together, even though we were in this other nerd circle.
It was like, oh, when we're at the capital of nerddom once a year, like you're these nerd circles are going to come together.
So.
I'll say this real quick, then I'll go about my merry little way and let other people call in.
In regards to DragonCon, and also in regards to the wedding that I went to a couple of weekends ago that was Downton Abbey themed, my friend Shannon now met his current wife, DragonCon.
They were longtime friends and they finally met and it just frickin' clicked for them.
Couldn't be any happier.
Podculture in chat says Ranma should come to DragonCon.
You're not the first to say that.
Again!
Large crowds do me no good.
It's a miracle that I make it through Anime NYC.
It's crowded, but it's so spread out with stuff.
I don't mind it as much.
That's kind of what was good about TwitchCon.
It's spread out.
Yeah.
And I would I would say, you know, Alan is also very he was very nervous about that.
And he still is like, this place is really fucking crowded.
But you find your little cubbies.
You and I don't mean people.
I mean, like you find your little like, like, like ballroom.
That's not what they're calling new bears now.
Yeah, little cubbies.
That's where you find your track room.
You find your people playing werewolf ballroom.
You find your gaming place.
You find that fucking three story America Mart that randomly had the DMD campaigns last year that was extremely fucking spread out and empty, but it worked.
You can kind of find, because like, yeah, when you see the videos online of the Super Bowl of Cosplay, yes, you're going to see the wall-to-wall people, Marriott, because that's the fucking capital of cosplay and people want to be seen there.
But there's a lot of DragonCon you're not seeing in those videos.
That's a little more, you know, but I, again, I'm not trying to diminish your concerns because, yeah, it's a valid concern, especially the elevator games are going to be no fun.
But I think, you know, those of us that don't like the big crowds that survive DragonCon sort of figure out how to balance it.
You sort of find your getaway spots, so.
think about it, but again, I would be going in the mindset as press and coverage.
I think for DragonCon, I would have to be more of an attendee to kick back, relax, and enjoy it more.
Like I've done that for a couple of conventions, and yet I still brought old Bertha with me to take pictures because I'm like, people got to check out what I saw, you know?
Or go as an attendee or a panelist one year.
I bet we could get you on a panel, but
Anyway, okay with that.
That's another topic for another time.
So anyway, I will get your final comment here and then we'll let you go and get to the emails.
Finding an apartment in New York City blows.
That's it.
Even I know that and I'm on the fucking other coast of the country outside of San Francisco and I would say the actual process of finding an apartment in New York is worse.
Look, I've had people say, you should go to Jersey, and I turn and look, nobody goes to Jersey willingly.
That person is not your friend anymore.
And there are people in Jersey that say, yeah, we're not there willingly.
All right.
All right, my friend, we'll let you go.
Take care.
It's always good to hear from you, Rama.
All right, bye, guys.
Y'all take care.
Happy Memorial Day, all that good stuff.
My birthday's coming up.
I'm going to get lit, so I'll see you last year.
Let me be the first to say, happy fucking birthday.
E-Mail Singular
Yes, I'll read it.
I'm here.
Why not?
Yes, let's do it.
Hello, OLR.
On the show last week, Rob mentioned that I was at Furry Weekend Atlanta, or FWA.
This is Garth Wolfe.
I wanted to chime in on some gaming-related activities that happened at the con, namely the game room.
The space they had for the arcade was even larger than last year, having arcade cabinets provided by SafePoint for plenty of rhythm fighting and even train simulation game action.
Savepoint does DragonCon too, so yeah, they're great.
One thing of note is that all of the arcade cabinets, the one that had the largest group of people surrounding it at all times, was none other than Dance Rush Stardom.
That wasn't the case last year, so it seems that interest in the game has grown, despite no new versions of the game being announced, if I am recalling correctly.
You can bet your ass I was bouncing my tail on that platform, but someone recorded me playing Pump It Up in DDR Max 2 in fursuit.
Freakin' Max 2!
I was so excited to play that mix once again.
In addition to the arcade area, they had a dedicated space for speedrunning a game called Fastest Furs.
From Sonic Adventure DX to Super Mario RPG, they ran through games over the course of two days to raise $12,275 for their charity, Lost and Found Youth, who have the goal of finding safety and shelter for Atlanta's LGBT homeless youth.
This is just a small part of what happens at FWA in addition to the crazy dances, guest performances, mystery skulls, mystery skulls!
Holy shit.
I love Mystery Skulls.
Fursuiting and cosplay, beer and mead tastings, room parties, and general confuckery.
I will be back in 2025 for sure.
Love y'all.
Garth Wolfe.
I go to Atlanta enough as it I know everybody always jokes.
She's just moved to Atlanta.
Let's make it clear.
I'm not moving to Atlanta.
I can't do that because of the if you knew what I did for a living, you'd be like, Oh, you have to be in California.
And this is not going to happen.
And same thing with my husband.
So but I love to visit but it's like I would love to go to FWA if it wasn't like another reason to go to Atlanta when I have two other cons.
Like DragonCon, and hopefully again, not this year, but maybe another year, Southern Pride Gaming Expo.
But I would love to go to, I'd love to, I'm not, I don't consider myself part of the furry community, but I know they're chill as fuck.
And like, I am all about just a chill as fuck weekend with chill as fuck people.
And that's what it sounds like FWA is really turning into.
And that sounds great.
And Bobby mentioned he went there.
I know Bobby's not in that community, but Bobby's like, but there's speedrunning people that intersect there.
So he went down to meet the speedrunning people.
And it sounds like he had a great time.
And he translated to DragonCon speak your email for me by saying that the game room was the Hilton Galleria rooms, but with the partitions down, the way it used to be before all the tracks were down there, including... So that same game room, Garth, or anybody that was at FWA,
is where the podcasting room at DragonCon is but it's partitioned so they actually make like eight rooms down there where the anime track is and the Star Trek track is but that used to be back in the day where tabletop gaming was and the big pods that used to be the mech thing that was at Dave and Buster's all those years ago that have been turned into something else that was all down there too
Now that's all at Americamart.
But that's something that the basement of the Hilton was famously known for.
So thank you.
Bobby translated it to Hilton's or to DragonCon speak to it.
So I know exactly what room you're talking about.
And that is a great it's with the partitions are down.
It's huge.
I love that space when it was tabletop.
In fact, most people would argue it was better when tabletop was there.
I do like America Mart for being spacious.
Again, going back to to Ranma's concerns, America Mart is spacious.
So you don't really like you're not up people's asses like maybe you were in the Hilton Galleria like really close together.
But yeah, it was it's I think a lot of people like tabletop better when it was down there.
So anyway, all right.
Love the email party on Garth.
Thank you for the email.
Appreciate it.
Alright, if you want to send us an email for a future week participate at OrangeLoungeRadio.com DarkSakura, we got to get you to DragonCon or for it.
Let's go to free weekend Atlanta.
It'd be fun.
Just somebody wanna let's just I'm not I'm not gonna dress up but I mean, I literally have neither many or time.
Yeah, I have to pick my Yeah, I get it.
I get it.
All right.
Um, did you I guess do we have any last minute stories, Loki?
Or no, we ran out, didn't we?
Nope.
Nope.
Nope.
We're done.
All right.
Well, then that's it.
We've had a we've had a pretty good show tonight.
It's time to wrap up and say we will see you in two weeks.
Again, I'm not going to be here Memorial Day weekend, so we will not have a show, but I believe DarkSakura will still be streaming.
Loki's doing some other stuff as well, right?
With your Minecraft buddies, right?
Yeah, on Saturday.
So, uh, I'm going to be streaming a little bit earlier than before.
There you go.
There you go.
So if you, if you need some, and Bobby will be here at the Voice Geeks Network, holding down the fort alone.
So if you need the, and maybe what's going on Sunday, maybe if it works out, I might still be able to call into Bobby's show if he wants, but no promises on that.
Um, so that's, that's it.
We'll see you in two weeks until then.
Uh, as I always say at the end of show, thank you so much for listening to Orange Tons Radio and supporting the show.
If you enjoyed what you heard here, tell a friend or two about the show.
Help us spread the word because we are the show where every gamer has a voice, but we need more voices to put out here on air.
A nice five star review on a site like iTunes, Spotify, YouTube, or wherever it is you found this show goes an awful long way.
Yes, we are on YouTube now, but it is just the podcast.
It's just the audio with the static video.
If you want to see the actual video, you do have to be a subscriber of our Twitch channel over at VOG Network.
That's it.
That's all I've got.
So let's get final thoughts.
DarkSakura, oh, you were not streaming tonight, but we'll still start with you.
Yeah, I'm really, really tired.
But I had a great time playing pinball and all of y'all should play more pinball.
I will get on that immediately.
All right, Loki, your final thought?
My final thought is hopefully I will get some more work done on the theme park this week.
It's coming along.
Nice.
My final thought I am looking forward to vacation.
I kind of can't believe it's in like three days, but I'm very much looking forward to it.
I'm looking forward to seeing friends having fun.
It'll be a good time.
What up Chicago?
See you in three days.
I'm excited.
My first visit since the Panini so excited.
Happy gaming.
There's a lot of stuff coming out this week.
And again, as we were talking about earlier in the show, probably all the old shit you've been playing probably got remixed at some point.
So enjoy gaming.
Happy gaming.
Happy catching up on your backlog.
Enjoy your couple weeks.
We'll be back.
We'll be right into the thick of E3 Memorial time.
I don't think we will have hit any press conferences yet by the next show or will we?
What date would the next show be?
The next show will be June 2nd.
So I don't think we hit any pressers yet, but we'll be right before it.
So we'll kind of have a view of what everything's going to look like that week.
So that'll be fun.
All right.
That's it.
We'll see you next time.
Thank you so much for listening to Orange Launch Radio.
Have a great week, everybody.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is a production of OLR Studios.
To join us for our live show, tune in to vognetwork.com Sunday nights at 6pm Pacific, 9pm Eastern.
The views and opinions expressed in this program do not necessarily reflect those of the staff of Orange Lounge Radio nor VOG Network, but you know they were all still true.
See you next week!
