Orange Lounge Radio
Who's your hosts? DarkSakura, Skie, and Loki!
Tonight, we're celebrating 600 episodes of discussion, laughter, FUs, dunk shows, ferrets, and more of our decade-long history.
We also look forward with your help and the return of Listless.
This, the week's news, your comments, and more begins right now on the show where every gamer has a voice.
Orange Lounge Radio
Hello, my friends out there on the internet, and welcome back to the 600th week of Orange Lounge Radio,
the show where every gamer has a voice.
Live May the 31st of 2015 with, of course, the 600th episode of our show
to talk about all things video games, video gaming, gaming culture, the gamer lifestyle here in studio.
With me, Rob Roberts, and with me, as she has been for 600 weeks, DarkSakura, or Jamie Summers.
Sorta.
Kinda, sorta.
Kinda, sorta.
Like when you didn't have the plague.
Or I was living in the Harry Potter closet at the gay frat room.
Which was the thing that actually happened years ago.
Which is the thing that actually happened.
Yes.
It smelled funny.
How are you doing today?
I am happy.
Yeah?
Happy.
You should be. This is a pretty crazy accomplishment.
I have alcohol in me, but I guess that's good, too.
Well, there's that, too. We'll talk about that a little more in just a moment.
I now no longer have alcohol.
Also, with us here at Orange Lounge Radio for 600 episodes, 600 a week, say hello to Techmaster Loki.
Hello.
How are you doing?
I'm fine.
Who really has just been a special guest all those episodes.
He wasn't even supposed to be here for episode one, but he just kinda never left.
Nope, I didn't.
Nope, but we can't imagine what the show would be like without him.
He's obviously a full part of this Triforce we have going on in the studio that makes the show happen.
And Loki tonight, by the way, I was very surprised. He comes into the studio.
Not only was he early, usually Loki's like the last one here, like five minutes before the show.
Loki was here at about 5.15 tonight, and he walks in.
He's carrying in a big thing of OJ and a big thing of vodka.
And I was like, what's going on? Is grandpa right behind you?
Like, I like vodka. What's going on here?
So, Loki, you brought Boost to the show tonight.
Yeah, I did. And I'm still kind of going between I want to drink more, but I can't.
Because you're being responsible.
Yeah.
That's what you're supposed to do when you're an adult.
I want to.
Well, I will drink for you, because this is my house.
I still may sip a little bitter, so I don't know.
There you go. Don't go crazy now.
I'm not going crazy.
I only feel dizzy if I stand up. Otherwise, I'm fine.
Don't worry, guys. I won't let him go home.
No, I'm good. That's why I came early, so I would be able to wear off faster by the time we get to 10 o'clock.
Start running laps around the hallway or whatever.
Yeah, I don't think so.
Yeah, we had a little toast before the show, since we did have to start drinking early.
And it wasn't just vanilla vodka. It was whipped cream flavored vodka.
It is. Now, can we expect a drunken rant from Loki at some point tonight?
Have you looked at the show role and been like, here's a story that pisses me off tonight?
I don't know. I haven't looked at the show. I mean, I briefly looked at the show role when I opened all my stories, but I didn't read it.
All right, then I will talk to the chat room real quick, and then I'm going to introduce.
We have some other people here in the studio, and I want to say hello to them as well.
I'm going to our chat room over at live.vog.network.com, because again, we do tape live every Sunday night.
And after 600 weeks, I think I can actually say, it's every Sunday.
I mean, maybe we'll take it off if it's like Christmas or something, but we're here like every stinking week, unless there's a special event.
Every Sunday at the Voice of Geeks Network.
Live.vog.network.com is where you can go if you want to join in our chat room and say some witty comments such as,
we'll say Dungeon Buster starting us off tonight, saying 600 levels. That's a lot of experience.
I think I got up to level 600 in Clicker Heroes this week, which, by the way, fuck you, Loki.
Fuck you with something hard and sandpapery for introducing me to that fucking crack clicker click click clicky the pen clicker fest heroes.
I'm free. I'm safe.
So far.
I'm protected by Dragon Age.
Yeah, just remember, you resisted Mass Effect, and eventually I caved for that too.
Yeah, but Mass Effect is actually a good game with a storyline.
There's a storyline here.
There's a storyline in Clicker Heroes.
How about some cake pie?
How about it?
You like cake pie?
You like cake pie?
You bought a dessert to show tonight, right?
I did, and I want to eat it right now because I have booze in me.
Who wants cake pie?
If tonight's show ends up being a little off the rails, you know-
Fuck it!
You know we all-
We're live.
We all started a little bit early tonight, but drink responsibly.
Who wants cake pie for real?
I do, but I have a show I'm trying to do, so-
Well, I'll make it for you, goober.
It's Boston Cream Pie.
Wait a minute.
This is a special occasion.
Jamie is willing to go to the kitchen and get me some pie.
Because your kitchen's right fucking there.
But how often does our raging feminist here on the show willingly offer, and we love her
for it.
Feminism is all about choices, and I choose to serve you a piece of cake pie.
All right.
I will take it.
Get in the kitchen and get me some pie.
Dude, you make me coffee every week.
Get in the kitchen and get me some pie.
How about you sit and spin?
I should have totally gotten a milkshake and just mixed the vodka in there.
That might have been good or really terrible.
I haven't really decided which.
All right, look, look.
I got to read some more comments in chat here.
SSJ100Matt saying, confirmed.
Loki doesn't read the show role.
Took us 600 episodes to uncover the truth.
I read it eventually.
I just didn't read it because I was ... Here's what I was honestly doing at the time.
I was selecting which few videos we were going to partake later on in virtual reality porn.
Yeah, that is happening tonight, right?
Yes, it is happening.
So excited.
Oculus Rift here in the house at the top of part B tonight.
I'm going to experience live on the air for the very first time porn inside the Oculus Rift.
I'm so excited.
Is it Occuporn?
I'm so excited.
Occuporn.
It's the Occupy movement except it's Occuporn.
All right.
Let's see.
SSJ100Matt says, this is about ethics and getting pie for everyone.
There you go.
I like that.
That's a movement I can get behind.
All right.
Maybe there would be less hate speech on the internet if everyone had some pie.
That's right.
If everybody would just shut up and eat some pie, maybe there would be some less hate speech
on the internet.
Everybody would be fat and happy and a little bit sassy.
All right.
Speaking of fat and happy and a little bit sassy, let's get to our special guest here
in studio tonight.
And you can forgive me for that one because I've been drinking.
This guy has been such a support for our show.
Maybe not the entire 600 episodes, but a good 400 of them.
Say hello, everybody.
Flaco Jones here in the studio tonight.
Hello, everybody.
How you doing?
I brought booze too.
You did.
In fact, you originally were going to bring booze.
I'm like, okay, great.
I'll have some beer.
And then you get here and I'm like, I'm drunk.
And now you need to drink that one because we need to have some vanilla.
Just drink it.
I promise.
It's early.
Early is a good time to drink like this because Dark Soccer is done with hers.
We could sample this vanilla beer.
It's going to be delicious.
Kota Man, another fan of the show, supplied the vanilla beer.
I'm a little worried though because tonight is supposed to be like a special occasion
type of show, right?
So they're hypothetically maybe people that are like, oh, you know, I haven't listened
to OLR in like seven years.
I think I'll tune in and see what they're up to because they just hit episode 600.
They're going to listen to this show and go, there's still a bunch of drunken idiots.
You know what they say?
Ligger before beer, never fear.
That's right.
So there you go.
You have nothing to fear, Rob.
The show will be fine.
Dark Soccer just brought me pie.
Everything's going to be fine.
Cake pie.
It's cake pie.
How have you been, Flaco Jones?
I've been really, I've been doing great.
Yeah, I haven't been.
I don't think I've been on this show in a while.
No, you haven't.
You were at a courthouse a couple of times, but not here.
Not here, but yeah, I have the family thing at home.
Yeah.
Life, kids, all that fun stuff.
And still playing lots of games.
Yeah.
Kids are getting to a more manageable age where I don't feel like hover over them all
the time now.
So it's great.
You can play more games, go to any shows or that.
I know you don't really go to the, like, you don't really do the convention thing ever
since you have.
No, no, I don't.
I was at that E3 that you and Bobby were talking about.
I was at the 2006 one.
On Bobby's show earlier.
Yeah.
On the throat, or whatever that's called between the two shows.
Yeah, I was at the 2006 E3, the last crazy, huge, super packed one.
It was fun.
I worked that one.
So it was a good time.
It was a crazy, crazy show.
It was a crazy time where there's actually Silent Hill games coming out.
We had Origins, I believe.
I was at the Konami booth.
So I think Origins, the trailer was playing on the PS3.
Was it Origins or was it 4?
No, it was 2006 it was Origins.
Our first E3 was The Room.
That was 2004.
That was my third, I think.
Because they had the big haunted house thing set up and everything.
Yeah, I was in that one.
I didn't work that one.
Mine had like Winx Club and Silent Hill Origins.
And I did Pro Evolution Soccer, whatever number they were on there.
That's the game actually demoed for people.
Not knowing anything about soccer.
That one we went to is the one with Karaoke Revolution Country.
I think so.
Which is funny because earlier I was around the studio.
Look at this.
Look at this right here in the shelf.
And I did this on Periscope earlier.
It's a sealed copy of Karaoke Revolution Country.
I can't imagine why this game's never been open, but it's here.
That's a great game.
I think they should have made more like genre focused Karaoke Revolution games.
I worked on that game.
My name is in the credits there.
Is it really?
Yes, I worked on that game.
Get out.
That was a fun game to work on.
It was cool because I wish they did a Karaoke game with all 80s songs.
That would have been kind of cool.
Karaoke Revolution 80s.
I don't think that one sold very well, but I think it's because it was Country.
I thought they did.
Maybe I'm thinking of Sing Star.
No, that's Sing Star.
They only did Party and then I think that one.
And then they started doing American Idol.
That was at the end of my Konami tenure.
It was the first Karaoke Revolution American Idol game.
Let me ask this question then because I have to ask this.
Knowing that you have the long history with Konami, and you can ignore it if you want
or not answer, but do you have an opinion on what's been going on the past three months?
I'm not from the Shane's perspective.
I hope they burn that place to the ground, but I think it's because I still have friends
that work there.
I want them to do well.
I wish them luck in their future Avengers.
I just wish they would stick to that stuff.
But part of me kind of understands where the industry is going, which is there's some games
that make a lot, a lot, a lot of money.
And you've got to spend a lot of money now to make a lot of money.
And I feel like they don't see that return of investment.
They're just like, you know, we could, I think they're seeing it with Metal Gear Solid.
I think they're like, you know, this game's going to probably sell well, but it's going
to be that thing we've heard the last couple of years now.
Tomb Raider comes out.
It sells pretty well, but they're disappointed in it.
Bioshock exhibit comes out, sells pretty well, but they're disappointed in it.
The studio shutters down.
They're not going to make any more because it took like years and years to make that
game.
A lot of money.
And then when we release it, it does pretty well, but it doesn't do like Call of Duty
numbers.
Call of Duty F 2005 numbers.
And they're like disappointed that that return of investment didn't come back.
I think, you know what?
I think that's a tough realism that a lot of people don't really want to hear, but you're
right.
I mean, when the developers of Bioshock Infinite like, and like what is going on there?
That game was awesome.
It was a great game and it sold pretty well.
But again, it's like, you can't sell like you used to sell to make a blockbuster game.
Now it's like, I mean, I'm so happy Nino Kuni sold like one and a half million copies.
One and a half million is like nothing.
Like that's Witcher 2 or Witcher 3, sorry, the one that just came out had one and a half
million pre-orders.
So that's like right off the gate.
They got one and a half million and they're just going to build from that.
So that's where the industry is now.
It's like I do a lot of movie stuff, you know, I'm a big movie fan.
They spend like 250 million dollars to make an Avengers movie because they know it's going
to gross a billion dollars.
That's like you want that kind of return on investment.
It's like if you're going to spend money, you want to make money.
Companies, that's why they're not going to make another Castlevania game.
Like a Tron Legacy that, you know, they spent 100 million dollars on and made 400 million
dollars on.
Wait, that's the same type of return on investment, isn't it?
I was just about to say, the chatters are obviously, they're lighting up about this
whole Tron 3 wondering when we're going to talk about it.
Hell, now's as good of a time as any.
Let's put Johnny Depp in another fucking movie about, you know, something.
But those pirate movies make a billion dollars.
No, no, I'm not talking about pirate movies.
I'm talking about that.
That's what they're making.
They're making another pirate movie.
I'm talking about that they're making Dumbo and it's actually being done by Tim Burton.
And Tim Burton fucking puts, he's going to be in there.
He'll play a fucking elephant if he needs to, but he's going to be in that fucking movie.
So why?
Helena Bottom Carter will play the elephant.
We all know that.
He's going to be Dumbo's mom.
That was one of the first movies that shocked me.
She's going to be Mrs. Jumbo.
It shocked me that Alice in Wonderland, the Tim Burton remake, made a billion dollars.
And they're making another one.
But it made a billion dollars.
That's why.
It was shit.
It was shit.
A billion dollars worldwide.
Because worldwide audiences, they're not as critical, I think, sometimes as the domestic
ones are.
Are you saying foreigners have less standards than we do?
I'm just saying that they did.
You know, there's like, I think there's a little throwback to it.
You know, sometimes I just want to go watch the movie, not think about what the critics
say.
You can't tell me that.
He'll be entertained by Johnny Depp dancing around on his head.
Was it the premise?
I saw that movie.
It was terrible.
I want to say the premise for Tron 3 was supposed to be that they're going to be bringing all
the, you know, kind of forces from the grid into the real world type thing.
You can't tell me that an action movie like that's not going to gross a ton of money for
them.
I think it's a smaller audience.
I think it's still a good audience.
I think what it comes down to is they've got tons of Marvel movies and Star Wars.
We're good on money right now.
They pretty much said that.
We love movies.
We love movies.
But it is a video game podcast.
So let me, let me steer this back into games a little bit because you're talking about
Konami and all this stuff.
Yeah.
I still have a guest to introduce too.
So, uh, quickly, let me ask this because I know you've been a little bit like on the
Kickstarter thing that like, you know, you kind of like like the Kickstarters, but you're
kind of like on it.
But I mean, the reality is, is this the future of gaming?
Because then you look at things like what Igarashi is doing now with the whole blood
stained melodica of the dark, you know, whatever it's called.
It's basically Castlevania Symphony of the Night.
I don't have a Ritual of the Night.
Thank you.
It's like the same fricking name.
So he's doing this whole thing over there and makes like $3 million.
And that's considered a huge success because it's, it's a more focused company.
It kind of cuts out a big middleman.
It takes the case directly to the people that are going to buy the game.
Is that the future of gaming?
I think it's the future of that, that level of game.
It's kind of that mid-level budget kind of area where they're, it's almost like independent
film, you know, or, or not even like true independent film, but those kind of like mid
level indies.
It's like, Oh, this is a from Sony Pictures Classics.
You know, it's, it's, it's kind of an independent film, but it still has like $20 million budget.
It still has a couple of movie stars in it, but they're calling it independent.
No, it's exact.
It doesn't even matter if it has like good, you know, good bones to it.
Like as far as new directors and everything and stars, because I mean, look at, you know,
let's go back to the movie thing real quick, but look at, you know, what happened with
Tomorrowland.
They had a good star and it had a great director.
Just didn't do it very well.
Yeah.
I think that's where these games are going to kind of exist now is because a lot of these
companies, Konami definitely included on this, don't want to take a chance on something that,
you know, maybe a throwback, maybe just something that's outside of the, we know this is going
to make us a ton of money type of genre.
Like this is tried and true.
It's going to make, you know, Metal Gear, Call of Duty.
We know this is going to make our return.
We don't want to risk it.
We're just going to play it safe.
So how would a Silent Hill game with that kind of casting and direction behind it not
bring in money, not gain attention?
Because Silent Hill, it's just, it doesn't make them the kind of money that Metal Gear
is going to make, which is sad because I think it's going to be a great game, but just they're
saying that there's more of a risk of that making their return than say spending that
money to make mobile games, I guess.
All right.
I got to move on and say hello.
We have another guest here in studio and he's been waiting so patiently.
Say hello to this.
This, this guy's a blast from our past and he was there.
I don't remember if you were here like episode one, but I think you were, and you were here
for some of those like early, early, early episodes.
So you've been here with us off and on through all these years.
Ladies and gentlemen, here he is.
Bradley is here.
We're back on the show tonight.
Hello.
How's it going?
Good.
Or RKDN 42.
Do you still use that name?
Yes, I do.
Nice.
And a resident Sega ho pretty much.
You love your Sega.
Uh, we used to, at least when they were actually good.
Well, I haven't actually played anything though.
There's recently and there's not, I'll take your collection.
I haven't played too much of their stuff and of course they're not that great these days.
Sure.
Have their problems.
Sure.
I understand.
I still remember you were showing off your collection at one time.
You had a very impressive lineup of like Saturn and all the other, you know, stuff they did
before.
Yeah.
You know, they stopped making consoles.
So I do.
I still have that.
I have the Saturn and the other older ones, but I haven't played any of them in so long.
Fair enough.
How have you been?
What kind of, uh, we'll get to our gaming week specifically in a little bit, but like
what have you been doing in the world of gaming these past, you know, year or so?
You haven't been here in a while.
It's probably about a year or so.
Uh, nothing terribly exciting.
The biggest thing I've been into is, uh, roguelikes.
Uh, mainly the one is a dungeon crawl, assume soup, which is when I played a ton of in the
last year, pretty much like, like 80% of my gaming time has been that.
Wow.
You can lose a lot of time in roguelikes.
Have you played a crypt of the necro dancer?
That'd be right.
I played that every so often.
That's a fun game.
It's kind of right up all our alleys.
Cause you used to do the music game thing with us.
That's how we all met.
So were you here for episode one?
I thought you were, I can't remember it was one or two or three.
I know it was in the first few episodes.
So you remember and we were in a house kind of like this and we were all actually like
playing music games while the show was going on.
How's the show changed from then to now?
From your own observation.
Uh, I don't know.
Not that much other than getting the podcast thing and can listen to it afterwards.
Yeah, I guess that's true.
It's a lot of the same vibe.
Yeah.
Cause that's what I do, might have done mostly.
I've been listening to the podcast cause listening live cause I've worked swing shift.
But actually starting tomorrow, I'm going to be on day shift for a few months.
So that's, so maybe I'll be here a few times during that.
Cause basically it's watching TV during the, it's something I want to do during the night.
So I'll only have that during the weekend.
So that's why I kind of, it's hard to do stuff, come over here and listen live.
Doing the podcast, it works just for me.
Great cause it's working the data entry mind.
So I can just listen to while typing or doing whatever I got to do.
No, the podcast thing was the best thing we ever did in regards to trying to get more people to listen to the show.
Cause yeah, it became a convenience thing.
And sure, I think the show works a little better when you can be here live and participate in the chat
and kind of influence things a little bit.
I think it's a little more fun that way, but I realize that doesn't work for everybody's schedule.
You know, like you said, some people got to work Sunday nights or, you know, whatever it is that they're doing.
But I, um, I was really astounded because we'll get into the frugal question of the week a little later on,
but, um, you know, that's where we go to Facebook and Google.
And this week, since it is episode 600, I said, so how'd y'all start listening to OLR?
And you know, what's kept you around for a while.
And there was quite a few people that answered and I'm like, I didn't even know, like, I don't recognize these names
cause they're never in chat, but they're like, oh yeah, I found your show on, on the PSP or I found your show on iTunes,
like back in 2007 and I've been listening to this whole time.
I'm like, wow, that just blows me away.
I'm like, oh my God, I'm so thankful. Like there's all these people out there I don't even know are listening.
So, so cool. So cool.
So, well, thanks for your support through all these years, Bradley. It means a bunch.
You've been here for some really hilarious shows too.
It seems like you're always here for the landmark shows.
You were here for the marathon show we did a couple of years ago at Jamie's house.
I think so. Yeah.
It was like 10, 10 hours long.
It's crazy to know you were here for like part of it.
I know you were, you might've.
Yeah. I remember doing a long show like that.
Yeah. It's crazy.
Um, Oh, were you, this is kind of up your alley. Let me ask you about this.
Were you at that Atari party thing in Davis?
No, I haven't gone to that so far.
I thought you do. I thought you were there.
Have you, have you done any of those classic gaming shows lately?
Uh, only a California extreme. That's where I go. I've gone to that each year.
Well, that's a good one.
And that's actually coming up next month. I got to register for it.
Yeah. Me too. I was thinking about that as well.
That's going to be a fun show. I like California extreme.
Uh, actually this is a good segue for me to plug.
Voice of geeks network is actually sponsoring something very, very similar in Atlanta, in the Atlanta area.
It's the Southern fried game room expo. And from what I like, I haven't been to the event.
I really wanted to go this year, but, uh, with some of my daytime stuff, I wasn't able to swing it.
But of course our pal Bobby black Wolf is going to be going and it's around the same timeframe.
It's like June, I think 19th through the 21st next month. I'm doing that off the top of my head.
I'm sorry if those dates are off, but, um, it's in the Atlanta area and it's a very similar thing.
And they even have like some of the like old school gaming people like Billy Mitchell's going to be there.
They're having, um, uh, bunk bunker bunker from that bunker bars, Garcia who did pac-man fever.
He's going to be there and like Bobby's monitoring some panel that guy's on. That's amazing.
So that sounds like a fun show. So, uh, uh, it's pretty cool that they have little events like that to respect classic gaming all throughout the nation in different parts.
So very cool. All right. Well, Bradley stay with us. Feel free to comment along with Flacco as we start to get into some news, including tonight's kickoff topic, 30 minutes in the show.
We're just now getting the kickoff topic, but I want to ask this question, um, because we have been here.
Episode one of orange launch radio was June 23rd, 2002. If you've never heard the show before, if this is your first episode, first off, they're not all like this.
Just so you know, this was, we're not always, we're not always intoxicated, responsibly intoxicated. Um, who's intoxicated and Jamie never gets me pie.
So that was, this is very typical. I didn't get it just for you, Mr. Rob. I got it to share, but you were the only one who wanted any.
So now we have to finish the whole fucking thing. Oh no. Anyway. Damn.
So we started this show because we all played music based games at the arcade. We used to meet up what it was like Wednesdays and I don't know the day itself would move around.
It was Wednesdays, probably for the longest Wednesdays and weekends, we would all go to Roseville golf land and play DDR.
And we were part of that community and music based games, keyboard mania, beat mania, beat mania, 2DX when we would travel together and play it.
In fact, I think the very first time I ever met dark Sakura was on a travel trip where we went to Milpitas golf land and played para para paradise.
That was the first time I ever met dark soccer. So we used to all play those games and we decided to start this radio show kind of about that community because I had experience on another long running radio show.
I know many of you have heard of under sedation life because they are also still going after this whole time, Saturday nights on the voice of geese network.
And that was born of the rocky horror picture show community. Now granted that show has transformed an awful lot and they talk about a lot of sci-fi and general geekery topics.
But here on OLR we went from talking about music games to talking about all games when things started to dip with the music game scene in 2005 or 2006 or so.
But we've been around so long, we've seen a lot change in gaming. To put it into perspective, when OLR first started, the Playstation 2 had only been out for a year.
I believe the Xbox wasn't quite out yet but it was about to come out. So a lot of stuff was different then.
There had been the E3 that introduced the Xbox.
Oh was it? Okay. It was right around that time.
Because I think that was my first E3? My second? Maybe it was my second E3? Something like that.
Because I used to do the E3.
Because I used to go with DDR Freak.
With DDR Freak, yeah. Good times.
So I want to go around the room and kind of ask you guys like what do you...
I'm trying to put the finger on the exact question I want to ask here about like the changes in gaming over the past 13 years that we've been doing this.
What do you think has been, I open this up to the guests and our chat room as well of course at live.vognetwork.com.
What do you think has been the biggest, most important thing in gaming in 13 years?
What do you think has been like the most important, the most impactful thing that has just like changed things in 13 years?
I think I might ask this question around the 10 year anniversary as well but I know a lot has changed even in 3 years so I want to ask it again.
What do you think has been the most impactful change in like 13 years of gaming?
Dr. Soccer, you got a mic up. What do you think?
Probably the resurgence of indie gaming of independent developers and how they've pretty much taken over and even revolutionized the video games themselves.
You know, gone and take something simple and made it into something that just will catch on that you can do so many things with.
It's taking the style and the nostalgia and bringing it into the modern age.
Absolutely. You know, you think back to the PlayStation 2, you couldn't get an indie game on PlayStation 2.
Indie game meant it was like $20 in a bargain bin somewhere.
Indie game meant it was Intelligent Cube.
Yeah, I mean there wasn't really a way but now that we have digital distribution, which is funny because that's what YYR says in the chat room over at live.vognetwork.com.
YYR says digital distribution, that might be it for me.
I think that goes hand in hand with the indie.
Oh absolutely, it absolutely does because that's how, you know, now that you have an Xbox store, a Nintendo eShop, a PlayStation store, these are all places where...
Really we can just put it back to Steam.
And Steam.
I mean, and Steam was the biggest supporter I think out there for indie developers.
And now you get to see all the new stuff that comes out directly through Steam.
So I might even just narrow it back down to Steam supporting indie developers.
Alright, good answer. Well, not that I'm going to say it's a bad answer.
Of course it was.
Of course it's a good answer. How dare I? I'll never get pie again if I say that was a bad answer.
Loki, any thoughts on this? Biggest thing in 13 years?
Um... I don't know. The technology to create custom made penises in games was a lot better.
I mean, before you used to have to use like little bitmap images and stuff, but now you can create it out of blocks in Minecraft, out of foam pieces in LittleBigPlanet.
That's right. In the early years it was Magic Pen Gel was the big game.
Oh my god, Magic Pen Gel was awesome.
That was the game where we would draw, you know, penis monster and flop flop flop.
If you've never played Magic Pen Gel on the Playstation 2, I urge you to seek this game out.
Because it was like a Pokemon, but you got to draw them yourself.
And so of course, how long until a penis showed up, not long at all, right? So, good times.
So, am I taking that to mean then to kind of twist your words a little bit, because this might be the road you're going down.
User creation in games. And the fact that a lot of games these days really facilitate user creation and user enabled content.
Yeah, sure, that too.
Ah, see, I'm making you sound smarter. I'm trying, buddy. I'm trying.
Alright, let's see. Go into our chatroom over at live.vognetwork.com.
Dungeon Buster says the expansion of broadband to console platforms for me.
Codeman says the artwork and style of indie gaming. I'm so intrigued by the art styles and gameplay of indie gaming.
Let me check in with our guests. Bradley, Flaco, any thoughts on this? The biggest change, or the biggest thing in gaming in 13 years since we've started OLR.
Yeah, a lot of it is the indie and digital distribution are the really big things.
I know like 13 years ago, I used to play almost everything on a console.
Now almost everything I play is either Steam or other PC games.
And now there's so many different sources to play games on. There's phones and there's PC and there's all the consoles.
And it used to be where a lot of things were exclusive to one console or one system.
Now everything is on, almost every big game is on everything. Or they try to get on as many systems as possible.
So that's a really big thing that's happened over the last 10 to 20 years.
You named a lot of good stuff in there because it took this long for mobile gaming to come up, which is huge.
And you called that out for sure, mobile gaming. And that's a huge way that indie gaming has seen fruition as well as thanks to Google Play and the iOS store.
Also, what you said in there, not just the mobile gaming, but the liquor is getting to me. What else was I going to say about that?
But other big changes. Damn it.
Like PC or?
Anyone, when we laughed off playing on a mobile device, N-Gage.
Well, okay, this might sound weird, but maybe N-Gage was ahead of its time.
No, it was not.
Here's the problem with it. Here's what N-Gage did differently than iOS.
And that is that iOS opened it up so that anybody could make a game, whereas N-Gage was still stuck on that whole cartridge.
Didn't N-Gage run on cartridges? I'm pretty sure it did. I don't think it downloaded stuff through the air for that or anything.
Maybe, I don't remember. You probably couldn't tell anything because it was, you know, I don't even know what kind of broadband, if it was even broadband, dial-up.
Yeah, Act F says N-Gage used carts. And I think that was the one thing because that's the barrier than the iPhone and the Android. You didn't need carts for that.
You could just magically through the air download the games.
We don't see any of those being added to the new, those multiple retro game systems, you know.
Strange how that is, huh? Act F points out that you had to remove the battery to change carts.
Oh god, that's stupid.
That's very true.
The whole thing was bad.
Oh, I know also with what you were saying, I finally put that train back on the rails because you mentioned like social and social networks and Facebook.
You know, Facebook gaming, there was no Facebook in 2002 or if it was, it was still that Harvard network thing, the Facebook or whatever it was called.
That was not a thing. I don't even think MySpace when we first started was a thing.
I think it was still that weird awkward bridge before or after Friendster, before like MySpace was a thing because in the early days of this show, we were promoting in our forum signatures on DDR Freak and on LiveJournal.
I think our LiveJournal community is actually still there. I mean, like social, I mean, who would have thought you would log into a place like LiveJournal to play games?
Should we add that to the Frugal, you know, Frugal Question of the Week group, LiveJournal community?
Perhaps.
Frugal Live, Question of the Week.
Frugal Journal. Let's see. Flaco, I'll go, I'll do you and then I'll come back to me and my answer because I have a pretty definitive answer for this.
I already already said digital distribution, which is kind of my thing or just online in general, how big online has become.
But I do kind of want to say, and I hope no one's taking this answer. I haven't really been looking at chat too much.
But it's something about how connected the consumer is to the people that make these games now.
I think it's been a huge change from, you know, 13 years earlier, because now when something comes out, everyone can tell them right away, oh, it sucks, your game sucks.
Or, you know, this is great, this is the best thing ever or whatever they want to say.
But there's that communication now between the consumer and the game makers that is like insane now compared to like anything you could have ever done back in the old days of, you know, the 80s and the 90s of Nintendo.
That's a great answer because it's good and bad.
Yeah.
Because we've totally seen cases where games come out and then Twitter just dogpiles, fuck you, you fucking fuck, I can't believe this game.
I'm going to send you a bunch of cupcakes because your game has a shitty fucking ending.
Hashtag fix the goddamn ending to Mass Effect, right?
Yeah, I mean, Mass Effect is a good example.
That would never have happened.
I mean, if that technology had been around, you better believe Final Fantasy 7 would have had a bunch of cupcakes since the Square Enix.
Because I remember when people would saw the ending to Final Fantasy 7, it was like, what?
You just got what you got and you can't really talk about it that much. You can talk about it with your friends, but you didn't have this huge network that suddenly could, you know, end up going viral or where Silent Hills got canceled.
We wouldn't even know about it or a couple of you wouldn't know about it, but it wouldn't become this huge story of everybody.
And then I mean, I'm sure I don't know if it's in the show. I didn't look at it either.
But if the whole rumor about Silent Hills coming to Xbox, it's actually not.
OK. Yeah.
Yeah. So that rumor comes out and I looked at that, I think yesterday morning, I think came out the night before that.
And suddenly it just started steamrolling, even though it's sounding.
So it's you know, I knew it was legit when I saw that it was coming from an anonymous source.
And I was like, oh, and they said that Microsoft must be happening for this.
And I was like, what? I have been deceived. How is this possible?
Right away, I was like, this is garbage. But I just every time I turn on Twitter, another post, another site was linking the story.
Sadly, no one a rumor, but still, you know, picked up all this traction until Phil Spencer to be like, we're not doing this, guys.
So he had to go out there and social media and kill it because he was starting to get like, what if he's lying?
See, now you're doing it. Lizards lied to us before, like, just lied to our.
I want to see him get up on stage and take his like take his foot.
It didn't get fucking canceled, Flaco. It just changed.
Again, I don't doubt that there's a possibility that something like that could ever happen.
But the way the rumor came out, which was Microsoft's going to pay billions for this.
It's 80 percent. It's 80 percent finished. Like, are you kidding me? That game was not 80 percent finished.
I want him to get up on stage during his E3 press, you know, presser and just kind of walk up on there, kind of looking all bashful.
You know, kind of twisting his ankle a little bit and going, I may have told a little bit of why.
We're we're going to be bringing it out. And I mean, Tron three.
But anyway, that's that whole connection. Fuck PT, Microsoft needs to buy Tron.
You bite your tongue. And here's the thing that speaking of Tron, and this is game related, like, hey, yeah, we're going to have a new Tron movie.
Hey, we're going to be adding Tron characters to, you know, Disney Infinity 3.0 or whatever.
Psych! We're not doing a new Tron movie. Buy your characters.
Oh, and aren't those characters, like, limited to the PC version? Like, it's not even on the console version.
I thought I saw something on Twitter. No, no, it's AV null versions.
All right. You ready for my answer? Because I don't. I've said this. I know I've said this answer on the show before.
Rob's practically dancing. No, I just. For me, this is it.
Drink more, Rob. Drink more. This is the biggest thing.
I'm going to drink more.
I will drink some more as well. What do y'all think, Chad or Chad?
Maybe.
Biggest thing in 13 years. Xbox Live. Xbox Live. For better or for worse.
I think for the most part better. For the most part better.
And we all know the stories about teabagging people and racial slurs and homophobic slurs.
And don't forget all that shit's really ugly, so it's not always a pretty story.
And you know what else isn't pretty? Is the fact that Xbox Live is probably the reason arcades are not what they used to be.
Arcades are now Kindergarten Vegas. I mean, that's what arcades are these days.
It's so rare to see an arcade that actually has, like, you know, the games.
Because I think a lot of that is because of Xbox Live.
You no longer have to go to the arcade to find that community, which is how this show was formed.
Not to sound cocky, but since I have a little liquor in me, I'm going to just go for the fucking gold here.
But I don't think a show like this could ever be made again because of Xbox Live.
Now, granted, you might have people that find each other on Xbox Live and decide to do a show over Skype or something like that.
And that's cool and, you know, I'm just being dramatic.
But I mean, a show formed at the arcade, at an arcade community, is so less likely to happen at this point.
Because Xbox Live, you don't need to go to the arcades anymore.
So, let's see.
Dark Tetsuya in chat over at live.vognetwork.com says,
Although to be fair, there are barcades and things for the older crowd, not like Dave & Buster's, but a legit classic arcade with alcohol and food and whatnot.
There's one that just opened up here too.
Oh yeah, the coin hop.
And then, yeah, I think that's an interesting kind of trend that you see happening to really reach out to 30-somethings.
It's like this weird renaissance of things from our youth.
That's almost like a weird cultural thing that I don't think is necessarily related to the industry.
But, oh, that's my thought.
Let's see.
Also over at live.vognetwork.com, I'm trying to read here in chat,
YYR says,
Much of what you see on PSN and Steam was inspired by Xbox Live.
And YYR says,
Xbox Live continues to set the standards.
Those are comments over at live.vognetwork.com.
Yeah, I mean, I almost said World of Warcraft as my answer for this.
That World of Warcraft is kind of the biggest thing.
Ragnarok Online.
I don't even think, you know what though?
All those MMOs, and even Final Fantasy, I'll say it, all those MMOs,
World of Warcraft was really the first that really established that community.
And that like, here's our virtual place to hang out.
Here's our place where we're going to show up every Wednesday night.
Why?
You know, it's almost like that's how arcade culture shifted a little bit to the virtual culture.
And I think World of Warcraft was a huge catalyst for that.
And I realized World of Warcraft was not the first.
All of you that are shouting, Ultima, Ragnarok, Eleven, EverQuest.
World of Warcraft certainly wasn't the first, but it was the biggest and the most mainstream.
It's the one that they're making a movie out of now, you know?
So, what do you think of that, Falco?
Because I know you've been a long time World of Warcraft player.
I mean, that's why originally kind of my answer was like,
it's all just online gaming in general.
I mean, you kind of said it with Xbox Live, just gaming has really shifted to be this online thing.
And MMOs are, that's why I think they really peaked probably what?
You'd say like five, six years ago when they were hitting their peak?
Like, I don't know, something like that?
Well, World of Warcraft hit its peak during Wrath of the Lich King.
So, that was about five years ago.
Yeah, I think that's kind of when all MMOs kind of hit their peak.
That's when everything was getting greenlit as an MMO, you know?
Like, now there's Age of Conan, now there's Warhammer.
Like, everything was an MMO.
Now I think that's definitely gone on the decline.
And the monsters are still there, the behemoths are still there,
the people that were there from the beginning, like Final Fantasy and Warcraft.
Sorry, EverQuest.
No, that's all right. Go figure, Falco.
People don't want to pay for more than one MMO a month.
Go figure how that's working out.
And all these other people are jumping in the pool saying,
we're going to do this, we're going to have a premium thing.
And people don't want to leave Warcraft because they're comfortable there.
And that's why I've said for years and years on Horde House and this show,
the only thing capable of killing Warcraft is Warcraft.
Like the Roman Empire.
And by golly, look at what's fucking happening now in World of Warcraft.
I just think it's MMOs in general.
I think it was kind of a fad and it's kind of passing,
and it's still super popular and that's cool, and just MMOs in general.
But I just think that that type of gaming is going away.
I think because of the subscription service, that's kind of a hindrance now.
And I don't know.
I mean, there's still going to be people that want to play them,
but it's not as huge as it used to be, obviously.
There's not as many people now playing MMO.
But in a way, everyone's playing MMOs because everything's online now.
Everyone's taking that model and putting it in every other game,
like Destiny and something like that,
and they use the parts of that MMO idea and they put it in all these other games.
And now that's what we're playing, and we don't have to pay a subscription,
and that's another reason why people aren't going to jump on these MMOs anymore.
I think MMOs kind of have come and kind of gone.
Not totally gone, but they're...
Well, they'll always be a place for MMOs.
They'll always be there now, but they're never going to be as big as they were,
is what I'm trying to say.
Absolutely.
All right.
This is great.
ActDeftInChat says,
This sounds a lot like a Loki rant.
I think all the drinking is actually chilling Loki out a lot.
He's just like, when are we going to talk about Splatoon?
That game was fun.
Let's do it.
I think Loki's chilled out a little bit from the liquid.
No.
Although I should probably drink some more.
All right.
We want to move on here.
It was a good kickoff topic tonight.
I loved it.
Thank you guys so much for being here in the past 13 years
and experiencing it with us.
This show has to end someday, you guys,
but your feedback and you guys being here is what keeps us going.
It's the motivation.
There's going to come a time where one of us is going to have to move
or we're just, for whatever reason, physically not capable of doing the show
and we'll have to make some tough decisions,
but until then, man, you guys are the support that keeps us going week after week.
So thank you so much for being a part of it.
We're not going to be the biggest podcast,
but by golly, we're going to be some of the most dedicated gaming podcasters
out there ever for you guys.
I'll say some more thanks and so forth in a moment,
but I do want to get into some other segments here,
including how was your gaming week.
So let's go around the room and talk about what types of video games
you've been playing this week.
DarkSakura, as always, start us off, please.
I played some Final Fantasy XIV.
I have played Dragon Age Inquisition.
I've played a lot of Dragon Age Inquisition.
And Bejeweled!
That's pretty much it.
Yeah, I haven't played much of anything else.
I did break out my DS, but I only just brought it.
I haven't played anything on it in a while.
I was going to buy Heavensward, but I don't know if I should,
except I want to go ahead and make an aura.
Decisions, decisions.
That's the only thing that I can do, really, because my character is so baby.
When you see everybody else in the expansion content,
you're going to want to do it, too.
Peer pressure.
I know, I know. That's how it goes.
Yeah.
Alright. Whatevs.
Moving on with other gaming weeks here.
Loki, how was your gaming week?
Well, I worked on my game for a little bit.
I fixed the animation thing most of the way.
I've gotten a problem now where I think it has something to do with
multiplying vectors together, because I'm only...
What happens is my cat will climb up the wall just fine,
and will get on top of something.
But then when it goes down the wall, it turns back around
and goes back up the wall.
Something keeps making the vectors positive,
so I have to figure out how to do the math correctly on that.
So yeah, fun programming stuff.
And then with that, I actually did play a few other things this week.
I downloaded cat lateral damage, and so I played that.
I know, what?
And that game is fun because you're a cat that basically wrecks shit in the house,
or museum, or supermarket.
And it is pretty awesome, so I played the hell out of that.
I also started up Skyrim again, because I wanted to play Skyrim.
Kind of disappointing though, because Skyrim is not quite working correctly.
It's not syncing the stuff that I have marked for the Steam Workshop.
It's just, I don't know, it's only doing one of 30 something that I have.
So I have to kind of remove them all, and hopefully remember which ones they were
and add them all back in, which is kind of annoying.
So I'm trying to fix that right now, because I want to cheat a lot in that game.
And the other one I got working is the dubstep gun from Xenia Zero 4 in Skyrim.
So yeah, I guess it's dubstep spell.
So I played that.
And then, what else did I play this week?
A little bit of racist sounding, because my son wanted to see what that game was about.
And I think that's it.
I just watched a whole shit ton of Kung Fury though.
Was it everything you hoped for?
Oh yes, I've watched it nine times already.
Yeah, oh my god.
I watched it too, I have to admit.
It was kind of like Showgirls for me.
It's so bad, it's really good.
And it's very quotable.
Yeah, I remember most of the quotes in that.
Thank you.
If you haven't seen Kung Fury, it's worth a watch.
It's hilarious.
Go off 9,000, you son of a bitch.
Go to live.fognetwork.com
Dartitsuya says, Kung Fury was the greatest thing ever.
Have you watched it yet, Darcyra?
No.
You should.
Remember, WWNMD.
What would Nomi Malone do?
Because I posted that on a friend's wall yesterday.
That's been stuck in my head.
I'm going to put that on a shirt.
You should.
I almost bought the same STFU shirt that our mutual friend did.
That's awesome.
You don't need your spine, it was holding your back.
Triceracop was my favorite thing of the entire time.
I love how he shot everybody in the junk.
Alright.
We could be like brothers.
We practically finished each other's balls.
Alright, look.
Going on, talking to our guests and their gaming week.
Flaco Jones, whoever has the mic.
Flaco Jones, how was your gaming week?
My gaming week, I didn't play too much this week.
Oh, you know what?
My wife bought Final Fantasy.
Not Final Fantasy, what am I trying to say?
Kingdom Hearts 2.5 Remake on PS3.
It was like super cheap.
It was like 20 bucks at our local game store.
Brand new.
So we got that.
And so what happens is she loves that game, but she hates the gummi ship levels.
So she plays like the regular fun levels and I get to play the gummi ship levels.
Which are terrible and awful and I wish they would die.
Yeah, they're the worst things ever.
They auto scroll, they're just boring and I play those so she doesn't have to.
She gets to have all the fun.
But I like watching her play that game and the kids love it.
So we're having a good time with that.
And what else have I been playing?
I've been playing Hearthstone. Of course I play lots of Hearthstone.
I love that game.
I'm doing pretty well on it.
The season's almost over for this month so I get a new card back.
Because I actually got my highest rank ever, like 16 or something.
I don't think it's that great, but it's good for me.
It gets crazy when you get in the higher ranks there.
And then Ascension, I've been playing that online.
That's another card game.
But it's a deck builder, kind of like that DC game we played.
But it's got a little bit different scoring method.
And it's online, which is kind of cool.
It's like this free app and we've already put money into it.
Not too much money, but you can buy other decks.
Or expansions, excuse me.
And you can add them all in and it's really fun.
I played with Shane, played with No Matt.
And yeah, I think that's pretty much all I played.
More vodka coming through.
Yeah, that's all I played.
Alright, how about you Bradley? How was your gaming week?
I've played the aforementioned Dun & Crawl Soon Soup.
Played a little bit of that.
I've also played that Pokemon Shuffle game, which for some reason I keep playing.
I haven't played any money for that.
I'm not paying any money for that sort of thing.
The real good game I played this week was Box Boy, which is a puzzle platformer sort of game.
It's on the 3DS. It may be on others like Vita, maybe. I don't know.
I've heard of that. I just don't remember what that is.
Yeah, it's like you're a box and you walk around and you basically push boxes out of your head to move around.
It's like a simple mechanic, but there's a bunch of different things that you can do with it.
So it's a really good one.
So each world brings in a different little thing that you can do.
You can put the boxes out so you can hang from a ledge and then you pull yourself up by the boxes you've sent out.
And then there's other methods.
It's full of cute little animations and you can get different costumes, which the box guy will act in slightly different ways.
So it's one of those little games that has a lot of cool little things about it.
And if you like puzzles, a puzzle game, I highly recommend it.
There's some comments in our chat room on that game going on right now.
YYR over at live.vognetwork.com says Box Boy is by HAL Laboratory and is 3DS exclusive.
It's also fantastic, from what I've heard, wanting to buy it.
And then Act F says it's made by HAL Labs, the makers of Kirby.
Yeah, you probably saw it in a Nintendo Direct. I'm almost positive it was in their last Direct.
They had a little preview of it.
There's some indies that are going to be coming to the 3DS.
I'm almost positive that's where I saw this game.
Yeah, so it is a Nintendo thing.
But it's really, really good.
It's definitely worth the five bucks.
Even though you can get through it pretty fast, I got through most of it, but it's really good and has a lot of stuff to recommend it.
So yeah, it definitely came from the Kirby guys and I guess that kind of fits how it plays and everything.
Even though I've never played a Kirby game, how much I've heard about it, Kirby games kind of fits how it looks and how it plays.
And all the little things that are in it.
Alright, anything else you want to name?
I forgot something.
I'm sorry, this is a trigger word for low-key.
I love Amiibo now, and I have like eight of them now.
Why does everyone think I'm super angry at people that like Amiibos?
No, that's totally true.
Add Amiibo, add Amiibo.
No, I just love them. I have eight now and I played Amiibo Tap and I loved it.
What's Amiibo Tap? You mean the Nintendo Greatest Bits?
That's what it's called, isn't it?
No, it's called Amiibo Tap.
I thought Amiibo Tap was where you took your credit card next to one of those airfield communication things and then just tapped it.
I think that's the subtitle is Nintendo's Greatest Bits.
I think it's all in there though.
That always makes me think of the erotic album Greatest Tits. I don't know why.
What's wrong with you?
I'm drunk.
It's also the greatest name for an album ever.
What, Greatest Tits?
Yes.
That is awesome.
Well, I liked playing. I liked unlocking these little games and just like what's great is the Zelda games and that one, whenever you unlock one, you just play all the bosses. It's super fun.
It's really cool that they have demos that you can unlock for free that you can play for a limited amount of time instead of, I don't know, putting demos out on the marketplace for free.
They're not for free though. You have to buy a $13 Amiibo to get it.
Oh, exactly. You guys.
But I already have the Amiibo and this is my point of view on Amiibo. I don't mind them. I think they're really nice figurines. I like them for that.
I got one recently that all I'm really using it for is as a figurine because I don't even have Smash Brothers, but I like that they keep throwing in other stuff I can use it for.
I'm like, oh cool, now I can do this. Tap and I get to play these little games. Sure, I can play them if I want, but I like how it's structured. I like that. I can play Donkey Kong now.
It's like every time I tap Toad, now I can play Donkey Kong because that's the one it's assigned to.
Did you get one that started giving you the shitty games though? Because one of my Splatoon Amiibo gave me fucking Clu Clu Land.
I didn't get Clu Clu Land yet.
I mean, I only have eight, so eight's not too many. You know what I got though? I don't want to rip on it because I actually do like these games, but I was getting a little tired of seeing Kirby, Kirby.
I got three Kirby games out of eight Amiibo. I got three Kirby games. I like Kirby games. I was like, I want to play something else, man.
Send him back deaf. He'll use them.
I got three Kirby games, which one of them I really like. The other two, I'm like, that's okay. But I got two Zelda games. I got A Link to the Past, which again has all the boss fights and the opening, which is amazing.
And I got original Ocean Zelda I just got today with my latest Amiibo. So I was like, that's cool. I like that.
And so then I go back to the ones I like. I'm like, I want to play this one again. Tap, tap, tap. I want to fight this boss again or just go through them all and see how I do.
One of my Amiibo gave me Super Mario Kart, which was pretty cool. And that was my favorite one that I unlocked because it's about enough time because you get the three minutes.
Right. So tapping the Amiibo is about enough time to do an entire race. Yeah. Before you, you know, tap again and do a different track.
I want that one. I haven't got that one. You're stuck with whatever person and whatever setting it's on. And three minutes I found was not enough time for me to do Rainbow Road.
Because the original Mario Kart was not as forgiving as like Mario Kart 8. There was no fucking drifting and shit.
I'm having a hard time in one of the Link to the Past boss fights. I'm really bad with names of things and characters and whatever. But anyway, there's a boss fight in Link to the Past.
So when all the knights are like running around circling you. Oh, yeah. Yeah. That one. I have a hard time beating that in three minutes.
So I get very, very close. I think I'm doing something wrong. I think I use my arrows more often. But I was like, come on. Three minutes is too tight.
But all the Legend of Zelda ones, the original Legend of Zelda, those ones are easy. I can do those.
As much as you might want to razz Nintendo for the virtual console and the demos and all that stuff. At least, you know what, I'll give them a nice, you tried gold star for that Amiibo tap thing.
Because they're trying to add a little value to those things. Like, let's make them hysteria even crazier over those fucking things.
It does kind of make you want some more because I'm like, I got eight now. I'm like, I was like thinking, like, could I go and delete my data?
Like clear the Amiibo out and try it again? Would it unlock a new one or does it have it? I don't know. I was like, I was trying to figure that out.
Like, can I really get more of them? I'm sure it's eight that I have. Because when you tap it, it says like, oh, you've got this one. It's already registered to you.
So if I like unregister, can I try it again? I don't think it's new. I don't know. So anyway, because it doesn't matter which one it is.
Like when you tap one, it just unlocks a random game. It's not tied to that character.
Yeah, no.
So, I don't know. Anyway, that's one more game I played and I liked it.
It's not really a game, but fair enough.
I got something else I could do with my Amiibo.
Fair enough. Alright, I think Bradley was done, so I'm going to move on to my gaming week.
Speaking of Amiibo and Nintendo and all this stuff, I've been playing a lot of the usual suspects, right?
Final Fantasy XIV, Final Fantasy X HD remaster.
So let me just talk about the new one and the big one that a lot of people are talking about this week.
Because I did spend quite a bit of time with Splatoon just came out for the Wii U.
And yes, I did pick up Splatoon and I was lucky enough just on a whim.
I was like, you know, I'll just check the inventory at Target and see if I can get myself a Splatoon 3 package.
Sure enough, they were still in stock, so I went over and so I got the 3-pack of the Splatoon Amiibo along with the game.
So I've been playing the game, which is, it honestly feels in many ways like a Dreamcast game.
Like it really does. Like it's just like this is the Dreamcast game, this is what they would be making on the Dreamcast if it was still around today.
There's a lot of really great things about Splatoon is that, you know, the idea of a shooter but it uses the paint just really like changes up the concept.
And it can be really thrilling when you're in a match where the final score ends up something like 48.9% to 48.8%.
That should happen to me one match and I was on the losing end of it and I was so mad.
But, you know, crazy stuff like that can happen.
Let me get some of the bad news out of the way first.
Because I have to talk about this, you know, I report on the good and the bad about games.
So let's talk about Splatoon's online stuff because a surprising amount of the game is online.
And I would have thought, I would have assumed going into the game that like most Nintendo games, single player would be the feature and that's what the game is all about.
And online would be the sideshow as it usually, you know, even in a game like Mario Kart I would say that online is kind of like a secondary or tertiary menu option.
It's not what the game is built around.
I don't think Splatoon really does that. Splatoon really focuses on the online battles.
In fact, you have to play online battles to level up your character so that you can purchase different weapons.
You can't even get like clothes and shoes and hats and stuff from the shop until you get to level 4 and so forth.
So Splatoon is definitely built around an online experience.
Now we could talk about voice chat and that whole thing that we've had a debate about on the show before, but you know what I found out?
Flaco, this might surprise you. The voice chat thing really didn't bother me at the end of the day.
Do you know why the voice chat thing doesn't bother me at all?
Because you realize the matches are too short and it doesn't matter?
Because I realized they fucked up all these other things that renders the voice chat thing relevant.
Okay, so here's the thing. No, I'm being a little bit dramatic. Again, I like Splatoon. Let me just get that out for you.
I like to remind everybody that I'm not the one saying any of this.
Well, I actually played Splatoon.
Alright, here's the thing.
I don't own it yet. I only played the test fire.
Here's the thing. So you can go online and you can join these random matches with people and whatever.
You tend to get matched with people around your level and you end up having some pretty balanced fights.
I've won some and I've lost some, so I give props to Nintendo there.
But what's oddly absent for me is how you play with friends.
Like, don't you usually, like, I thought this was just like you set up a lobby, you have a room, and you invite your friends in.
And so you can just play a match with your friends or you can hit a button that switches it from private to public and you fill the rest of the room up with public people and that's how it works.
It's not really there. There's no such thing as a lobby in Splatoon. That's not there.
And so what you can do is you can get a list of all your friends that are playing and you can find one and try to join their match.
So I suppose if you daisy chain things a little bit, like, okay, I'm going to join Flaco's match, then Loki's going to join my match, then DarkSacker's going to join Loki's match, and so we'll all be playing together.
I suppose you could probably get everybody in the same match, but here's the icing on the cake.
That doesn't mean you're all going to be on the same team, because whatever team you play on is randomized each battle, and sometimes you'll be playing with your friends, sometimes you'll be playing against them.
I don't in itself hate that feature, you know, that's kind of cool, but I'm really big on options, and so I feel like something's missing.
You children can't handle options, okay?
Why can't I just get my friends together to just have a skirmish? Have I just been that spoiled by Halo and these other online experiences and so forth, where I'm just spoiled by that?
That's what feels missing to me. So Flaco, in some ways you ended up right, because I'm like, alright, now I see why they don't have voice chat, because you might not be on the same team.
It wouldn't make any sense, would it?
It wouldn't make any sense. I guess that was a design choice. You win.
Hey, I win.
Do they split up the online matches between ranked and non-ranked?
There is a ranked mode that is not available yet. It will come to the game at a later date. It's there.
First off, that's stupid, and second off, then I have no fucking reason why they would do that. I don't understand why they would do that, other than like, eh, fuck it, we're not going to program that, man. It's going to take too long.
I thought it was there.
Let's draw some more pictures of squid girls instead.
So here's the thing. I don't want to carry this out too long. I will say though, the single player mode, I've been having a lot of fun with that. You have these cool little maps, and what's really neat about the Amiibo, okay, so the Amiibo unlock challenges on the single player maps.
So like, for example, if you use the boy Splatoon guy, what happens is that, okay, you put the boy Splatoon down and it will say, alright, now you're going to replay these levels that you did in single player,
but this time, you're going to do it as the paint roller, as opposed to the paint gun. And because your weapon type has changed, the way you have to approach the level completely changes, right?
Because, you know, you can do things with the roller you can't do with the gun, and vice versa.
And if you're able to do levels one, two, and three, you'll get this reward. If you do four, six, and eight, you'll get this reward, and so on and so on.
So I almost feel like in that regard, the Amiibos kind of give a huge advantage because you can get all this gear with the Amiibos that you can't get otherwise by doing these challenges.
So I don't know, but maybe you can use the guy in the back alley to order it. I haven't really fleshed that all out how that works. I don't want to say the Amiibo for sure is the only way, but that's the impression that I'm getting.
The Amiibo is becoming pay-to-unlock content on the disc, is what it is.
Pay-to-win.
I would say pay-to-win.
Have you played Mario Party?
No, I haven't.
I mean, it's pretty much the Amiibo that all work with Mario Party are all just DLC that unlocks content on the disc. It unlocks game boards, and all the game boards are different.
And that's what got me into buying Amiibo, because I love Mario Party 10, and so we started buying all these Amiibos. We played, Shane came over, he had Toad, and we played the Toad board, and it was our favorite board.
So what do we go and buy the next day? Toad! So we can play Toad board anytime we want it.
And the wheel.
Unlocking it once doesn't mean you can ever play it again. You can only play those boards when you have that Amiibo right there.
And the wheels and the consumer machine keep spinning and spinning.
Nintendo?
I don't care, I love it.
I'm just going to say, Nintendo needs to walk down this line very carefully, because they are going to burn their bridges so fucking fast if they take this too far.
I'm just saying.
I think the way, right now, the way they're getting away with it is because they're like, they can always go back on, well they're figurines, you can do what you want with them, which is like my excuse too.
Like, oh I love having these things, and if they happen to work for Mario Party 10, well even better, I can get another board out of it.
Alright.
So anyway, I just want to say though, at the end of the day, because this is very important, as much as it sounds like I'm being very negative on Splatoon, it is so fucking fun.
It is a fun fucking game.
And that, isn't that what's most important at the end of the day? Is the game fun?
So are there things that could be done better? Absolutely.
But is the game a lot of fucking fun? Yes.
So I would say it's got graphics and gameplay worthy of the next generation of gaming, with online capabilities worthy of the last generation of gaming.
That's how I feel about Splatoon. Wii U.
Next gen graphics, last gen internet.
So that's how I feel about Splatoon.
I have to say one other thing though, because I have to respond to some tweets and social media.
This isn't targeted at anybody. I honestly like to view hashtags and just see what people are saying about it.
I gotta say that new Twitter, I'm really liking the trending shit on the new Twitter.
Yes, sometimes I'll read that too, and sometimes I don't like what I see.
But I just have to say this in general, because I see people really defending the way Nintendo is approaching online with this game.
Let Nintendo defend themselves. Stop trying to defend them.
Which is fine. Be a fan, be passionate, that's fine.
But I have a real problem when these same people then say,
Oh, but fuck Xbox. I'm not gonna play Xbox.
Microsoft is evil, I'm not gonna play Xbox. Fuck the Xbox.
I have a real problem with that.
These same people also exist in every other platform out there.
Apple, people that like Apple, people that like Android, people that like Xbox.
All I'm saying, and what I want to say to those people, respectfully, I love you, but wake up.
Wake up, Pearl. Wake up.
Because you need to seriously get over whatever your issue is with the Xbox,
and see why the rest of us are sitting here going, Nintendo is capable of more.
Because this is where the bar is at elsewhere.
And yes, I would say this exact same thing when the tables are turned.
If you're an Xbox fan who won't play Nintendo games because, oh, it's too kitty, it's too cartoony,
then you're missing some of the best things in gaming going on right now on the Wii U.
So, yes, that statement works in reverse, and I feel exactly as passionately both ways, so don't even try.
Are we not judging the Wii U harsh enough, I think?
Because they come out with, all of a sudden, a multiplayer third-person shooter, and we're like,
oh my god, this is amazing, because it's a multiplayer third-person shooter on Wii U.
Whereas this shit's like, ah, we see this every day on the Xbox and PlayStation consoles.
Is that why we're not judging?
I mean, we are judging, it's pretty hard, but it's colorful, I'll give them that, but the Dreamcast was colorful, too.
I have to say, in playing Splatoon, I can't think of an online fun game like that.
And that's why I want more from it, because I'm like, there's so much more this is even capable of.
But I can't think of, as far as playing with strangers goes,
I can't think of a real positive online game experience I've had like that since maybe Mass Effect 3, all things considered.
So, I mean, there is that. I mean, it's just a fun game.
So, you know, whatever you want to say about the hardware, da-da-da-da-da.
And, I mean, a lot of that can be said about Mario Kart 8, as well.
That was my favorite game that came out last year. It's so fucking good.
So, you know, but again, I just, I feel like there's a lot of great stuff going on on the other consoles, too.
Maybe I'm just being a hippie, like all gaming.
But I feel, I think where I get frustrated with Nintendo is that I am looking at what the competition is doing.
And I'm like, this game could be even more if Nintendo would just take some risks.
And I don't think those risks would put kids in danger or any of that stuff.
So, anyway.
All right. I'm going to move on. We got to, yeah.
YYR in chat says, simple fact is that if you want all the best games, you need all the consoles done deal.
I do want to make an important clarification.
If you don't want to buy an Xbox because you've evaluated and you said, eh, the Xbox doesn't really have the gaming experiences I want, this console does.
That's fine.
I don't know.
My issue is with people who won't at least consider all the options. You know what I mean?
Where they shut themselves off because of, like, ignorance.
I really can't think of whatever word goes with it.
I don't know. I mean, Xbox is sounding pretty good.
I have it on good authority that Silent Hills is coming to Xbox as an exclusive.
So, I may have to pick one up.
All right. All right. Moving on.
We got to move on. I want to get into some housekeeping tonight.
First off, Flaco. I don't know if he's still listening.
I saw his name in chat earlier, but he might have backed out.
Flaco, you said Code Man gave you this beer that you brought to the show tonight?
Yes.
This is good stuff. This is like Guinness, but it's like vanilla-y.
It's called Buffalo Sweat.
Yeah.
And it's vanilla.
He's going to be sending more.
Yeah. Oh, gosh. I already forget what it is.
It's a vanilla porter, right?
Yeah. It's a porter root beer.
Yeah. It kind of tastes like a little bit of coffee, vanilla flavors in there.
It's really delicious.
And Code Man, we did a little beer trade.
I got him some Pliny the Elder, which is really hard to get.
Even here, it's hard to get.
I got him some of that, and then he's like,
Oh, I got some of this vanilla stuff.
And I'm like, I don't really like porters.
But he's like, I got this for Dark Sakura.
I was like, okay, so I'll see here probably O.L.R.
and I'll give her some of that.
And he gave me an extra one, too.
So I was like, I'll bring two over so I can share one and then give one to her.
There you go. Well, it's good stuff.
Yeah, yeah. It's delicious.
I know what I'm having before work tomorrow.
And I know you like that kind of beer, and I love it. It's good.
Dude, listeners of this show bought me liquor.
We have the best fans. I'm just saying. We have the greatest fans.
Like, Brad from Pop Culture sent a big old thing of Fireball to this show.
I think for either it was the 10-year or the 500th episode or something.
You know, it's just like, man, we have great listeners.
Humbleton apologetic. He sounds drunk.
Yeah, I might have been drinking a little bit.
If I'm really belligerent tonight, if you feel personally attacked by Rob Roberts tonight, I'm sorry.
Stop listening. If you feel... No, keep listening, but just leave the room.
I feel funnier, so I don't know if that's coming through or not.
Or if it's just like...
That's how I'm coming across.
I don't feel any different.
It's all placebo, I think.
You're that way every week.
Alright.
It is possible.
Oh, look at you. You are a strong woman who don't need no booze.
Alright.
Not anymore.
Alright. Let me move on. I want to do some housekeeping before we get into news.
This is very important because I did want to get a little bit sappy for a moment and really give an extra special thanks to all those of you that have made 600 episodes of Orange Lounge Radio possible.
We have come a long way from the days of starting our own station, quote-unquote, on Live 365.
We even had people that did shows on the Live 365 network that we had with Orange Lounge Radio.
First off, I have to say thank you, Travis Donovan, for showing me the Any Idiot Putkin podcast.
Thank you, Travis Donovan.
Travis, thank you for having me on the show as the most filled in guest.
Did someone replace me as the most number of guests in the USL?
Maybe when SSU 100 Matt took over for a little while. But he was more of a guest host for a while. I don't know.
I filled in for Jessica once.
I don't know. Anyway, I just want to say that, in all seriousness, even though he's probably laughing going,
Rob Roberts, you bastard, he's taking a drag from the cigarette. I just want to say thank you to Travis Donovan. You're awesome.
Big props to Jessica as well. They're keeping our station live afloat over there. You guys are awesome.
I want to say thank you to All Games Radio. That was our home for many, many years.
And when Live 365, when times changed, Scott Rubin and Bobby Blackwolf, I could probably spend ten minutes just thanking Bobby Blackwolf.
You all know how I feel about that. But they picked up our show and gave this place a home.
And we had something really amazing going on at that network.
And many of you guys tuned into this show because of the time that we were on All Games Radio.
So a big thanks to them and all those hardworking podcasters because, yes, it's still a thing and they're going strong.
I checked them out the other day and they've got like 5,000 podcasts on that network now. I'm obviously exaggerating.
But they've got a lot of great stuff going on.
Do you have to admit, though, I'm a little disappointed that Nitropod is not parked in front of your house.
That's right.
Episode 1,000.
Episode 1,000.
Nitropod is going to be out front.
Scott's out there. If Derek's out there, help me get a message. Thank you, Derek.
Get a message over to Scott. We want ice cream for Episode 1,000.
I want to thank Marissa for being in the chat room and being hot.
Yes, thank you.
We're going to have a pea's orgy.
Thank you to Marissa for being hot.
I want to thank, oh my god, I want to thank all the guests we've had here in studio throughout the years.
All the people that did shows on the live thesis 5 network.
DMN, DJ Tyrant, Xtifer, Princess Irene.
I know I'm going to leave people out and I'm so sorry.
Speaking of pizza, I thought of this idea earlier today.
I almost did it where I was going to order a bacon pizza but have them spell out 600 in bacon.
But I didn't do that because I wanted sandwiches.
I was going to put a gray star on our cake pie that said you tried.
I obviously have to thank our other podcasts on the Voice of Geeks network.
A huge round of applause to those of you guys here on the Voice of Geeks network.
We started this network basically from the ground up because we had these ideas,
these different things we wanted to try where we would really be focused on participation
and really involving our audience and trying some new things and you guys have been there.
Not just through the shows, through shows like...
God help me if I leave somebody else.
I leave somebody out like anime giant session and pod culture and critical myth
and British invaders and girls gone wow and geek card and...
Understation live.
Well I already said understation live but I'll say them again.
Oh god I'm going to leave somebody out and I'm going to be so embarrassed.
All the shows on the Voice of Geeks network, Electric Sisterhood.
Bobby Black Wolf.
Ranma. Ronchon.
I said anime giant session.
I'm saying Ronchon specifically.
Yeah well yes.
Because he introduced me to Patty.
And she's amazing.
And Patty's my other waifu.
And just all you guys that are such a support there at the network.
Oh Starboard Power Coupling.
Of course Starboard Power Coupling.
We're a vortex of pulling our friends into podcasting.
I actually purposely let Starboard Power Coupling out because grandpa's been blowing up my phones with text messages
so I just wanted to leave that out and get a really angry...
Well I'm going to leave, put grandpa in because I...
Go to the bathroom he used to have.
Well and I also...
Well I did.
I also wanted to say specifically a big thank you to Extafur and grandpa and Shane for their work on the side project Horde House.
And all the things that we've accomplished over there with that show.
And to see like Extafur then move on to all this like live broadcasting that he does.
And grandpa going from Horde House to Starboard Power Coupling and really building something from the scratch there has been a really amazing thing to watch.
So you know big props to those guys.
And I want to give a shout out to indie podcasters out there.
I don't usually do this for fear of leaving somebody out.
But tonight I'm going to try.
And I'm just going to say in general, if I left you out I am so very sorry.
But you know I believe in general that if you are a indie broadcaster we have to support each other.
We have to have each other's backs and so forth.
So if you are podcasting on your own thing and you are passionate, thank you for what you're contributing out there to the world.
That being said I want to specifically mention some other people that I know are in the 10 Year Plus Club.
Of course Bobby Black Wolf. See I could spend 10 minutes on Bobby Black Wolf. He's going to be 10 like next month.
Video Game Outsiders. Fantastic show that I know is still going.
Gamer Tag Radio. My Twitter buddy Godfree.
And like oh my god you think we're doing big things this year?
Like look at them they're all like we're on fucking Spotify and CBS radio.
I mean he's doing amazing things over there at Gamer Tag Radio.
Yeah TV show.
Yeah I know right. He had a TV show for a little bit there.
So you know I'm giving you claps. Props buddy. You're doing amazing things out there.
So Gamer Tag Radio. Who else is in the 10 Plus Club?
Video Games Show. Video Games Show has been going a very very long time and they are fantastic.
They do. I don't know how they always are able to keep it in that same time every week.
Because you know this show I'm like eh some week it's three and a half hours. Some week it's two and a half hours.
But they do amazing things over there on the Video Games Show. So big props to them.
I think that is all in the 10 Plus Year Club. That is still going.
Bobby's mentioning VGN.
Video Game News Radio. You know what they get massive props. I think they. I checked their feed.
I think they stopped updating last year. But I hope they come back.
Because you know they brought a very important perspective as well to games out there with their undead from Cleveland.
I remember that. So props to them as well.
Bobby who else am I leaving out of the 10 Plus Club?
Help me out. Hopefully. I think that's it that I know of in the 10 Plus Club.
Chatterbox.
Chatterbox also unfortunately folded earlier this year is my understanding.
They started not long after we did. And they ended not long ago.
And what Alon and company accomplished over there is amazing stuff.
So huge props to Chatterbox Radio and whatever they may decide to do in the future. Absolutely.
I also just on a completely selfish note. I've been introduced to other GAY MER podcasters.
And just an amazing support network that I've had out there. And I have to. Have to. Have to.
My heart would not be able to go on if I did not give a shout out to GameBui.org.
That's GameBui.org.
And my pals Captain Spike and First Mate Slidekick over there and the incredible hard work that they do over there.
Those beautiful, beautiful men over at Koopa Club based out of Chicago.
And all the hard work that they do. Oh my God. Amazing, amazing people over at Koopa Club.
Video game realness. Those are some sassy Canadians.
And I can't profess to know all the boys over there really well.
But I've gotten to know Delvin over there very well through our work on reading is fundamental and so forth.
He's just he makes me laugh so fucking hard when we do that show.
So just big, big props to video game realness. Game Bar as well.
They do amazing stuff over there. And tipsy is so much fun.
And everybody involved with that show. Oh my God. I'm going to leave somebody out.
Fistful of Potions and the stuff that Princess Irene does over there with Fistful of Potions also known as the multi-tap podcast.
I've had a little bit to drink. Brianna and Gabrielle and SacGamers United.
Oh my God. We should have been BFF six years ago and everything that you guys have been doing over there.
So you guys. Oh my God. So good to know you guys and work with you guys here in Sacramento.
SSU 100 Matt is shouting out Ravens Dolphin tech and games. Are they still going?
He hit me up on Twitter not long ago. They might still be going.
But dude, shout out to Ravens Dolphin if he's out there listening because that guy's enthusiasm is fucking contagious.
And he's had some great calls into the show before. So I love if he's still doing his thing.
Azuramae says cheap ass gamer in the I think they are in the 10 plus club. Thank you.
I see this is why I don't usually like to do the shout outs because I know I'm going to leave somebody.
It's hard to be aware of the entire industry of podcasts out there.
Kosten says did they mention Electric Sisterhood? I did but I'll mention them again because they're that fucking good.
I love those sisters over there. Oh my God. We always have good times at shows and so forth.
So again if I left somebody out I am so so so sorry but know that if you're an independent hardworking podcaster I value you and the work that you do very very much.
So I am also a little bit intoxicated right now and I did not write a list in advance which would probably have been the smarter thing to do.
So big hugs and all that to you guys out there and independent broadcasters out there.
Alright let's move on to some other gaming news. We got some news to cover tonight.
We're going to get to Listless and we're going to get to your calls as well a little bit later in the show.
We're going to have a pretty packed show tonight so let's try to do some news.
Eric RPG in chat says ESH is 10. I think they're just shy of it but I'm just going to shout them out because I love them.
And you all can just deal with that.
Alright let's get into gaming news. Pass the shout outs. Shout out to all of you.
There everybody's covered.
Rob's doing the hand thing he does when he's drunk.
Next next.
He's swatting flies.
So let's let's talk about Xbox One.
So Xbox One apparently they're going to be making some minor changes to their Xbox One controller.
You know the one that had so many improvements done to it at launch.
Now instead of charging people up the ass for a wonderful proprietary audio jack to be able to plug it in your headphones.
They are going to be adding a 3.5 million port instead and it's only going to be available in controllers released after June 2015.
How will we know this?
Well they accidentally posted it on their own website.
It's actually part of a webpage called getting to know your Xbox One wireless controller.
And it kind of mentions that a little bit in there.
How the fuck do people find this kind of information?
That is what I want to know but there it is.
So expect a... I don't know if they're going to announce it or expect changes to happen within a month.
Hmm.
Well this is why I held off on buying an Xbox One.
Because I know something's going to come out of E3 that's going to make me really really want one.
I think it would be awesome if assuming that it works the same way as the Playstation 4 controller does.
I love that shit where they have headphone support.
It's awesome that you don't have to really have a bulky headset to listen to audio from your game.
I still have one of those if I want to do any voice chat and stuff.
But I like having the option, that's important, having the option to be able to do that.
And props to Nintendo for having that as part of their gamepad as well.
But for god's sake the thing has speakers and it's its own screen so no excuses there.
Loki I think you're still on the... I'm not an Xbox One owner yet but is the controller part of the deal for you?
I mean the controller sounded cool and I want to see what they call the force feedback triggers or whatever they have.
I want to see how that feels.
But I don't know, really for me it was just kind of like there's not really a lot of games that I wanted.
Like I wanted to get Sunset Overdrive and I'm kind of just eh, I'm okay with that now.
And same with Titanfall, Titanfall is like ooh I gotta get Titanfall.
But honestly right now I just want to build a better PC so I can run the Oculus Rift on it a little bit better.
So I want to do that and Crackdown would be nice too.
But with Windows 10 coming out and stuff I'm wondering if we're going to see a lot more games that are coming out PC and Xbox One.
Or I'll get one eventually, maybe when it drops in price.
I just don't need every console right now because I hardly play anything because I'm developing stuff right now.
I'm sure there will be a lot of that Windows 10 synergy.
Although when Crackdown comes out it might be tough.
I'm kind of with you where I didn't think the controller that was out there was that bad.
Well I thought it was stupid with the proprietary, I hate anything that's proprietary.
I mean just fucking standardize that shit.
You know that people want to plug their own shit into it.
Why are you going to force them to buy your own stuff?
For example their stupid hard drives are way overpriced.
So I'm glad that they're kind of getting on board with that.
Alright, let's talk about the upcoming Need for Speed reboot.
So some interesting news about Need for Speed, one of these games you might play on the Xbox One.
Need for Speed the reboot, it was announced this week will be requiring an internet connection.
Yes, via a fan inquiry on Twitter.
Need for Internet.
The official account for Need for Speed said,
quote, that the benefits of having an internet connection is more variety and a more rewarding experience with friends.
Where have we heard all this before?
I don't know, how about any game that has had an always online connection?
The Crew.
Just say we've got a lot of social features that we're shoehorning into the game and that's why it's always connected.
Get used to this shit.
I mean, just leave it at that.
I mean, I understand where everyone's making the argument where it sucks being connected to the internet and I'm still with it.
I don't think that they should force you to do that.
The reason I understand why they're doing it is because they're doing all the social features,
they're adding all these social features into the game, which I really don't think need to be there,
but they're doing that anyways and that's the direction they're going with it.
So I don't have to buy it if I don't want to.
Is Drive Club doing that too? Are they always online as long as you're playing those features?
Well, they're always online when their servers are working correctly.
I mean, it's just...
I heard it's actually working for people who don't ever want to make it.
Big Brother is always watching, you have to always be online so Big Brother can know what you're doing.
Ceiling Cat has to watch you masturbate.
Because you see, the reason why they're having it always online is it's going to be some sort of Last Starfighter shit
that they're going to have going on there where if you drift race really good in this game,
you're going to get recruited into the Fast and the Furious 10 or whatever.
You can't get recruited into the Intergalactic Space Racing.
Yeah, that's going to totally happen after they release Silent Hills and Tron 3 on the Xbox One.
Alright, let's...
Wonder what we'll see first, Tron 3 or Half-Life 3?
I am upset. I'm going to just go on and forget about...
I knocked over the can. Good thing it's empty.
Okay, so, how about more stuff?
How about it?
Konami! Fuck them. Wait.
Konami says that they are still developing games for consoles.
They said that basically what Nikkei put out about the whole mobile platform thing is not really what they meant.
The actual statement made is that it says,
Konami will continue to embrace the challenge, meaning, yeah, we'll think about it,
of creating entertainment content via different platforms across not only mobile platforms,
read mostly mobile platforms, but for home consoles, arcade units, and cards
to meet the changing needs of the times.
Basically, that means they're still going to do Yu-Gi-Oh cards, I think, and we might get Metal Gear.
We're going to get a home gambling console? That's awesome.
And maybe more pop and music.
We're going to start getting patchy slot games here.
I think they'll still produce stuff for the arcades, but I...
But no more silent scope. What's up with that?
Maybe more pro-evo, but I don't think they have anything in their slates beyond
Metal Gear Solid 5, the Phantom Painz.
So I guess that is a true statement that they're continuing to develop for consoles because
the game's not out yet, so they're still developing that, but...
Can I read this? This is what goes through my head.
Yes, ma'am.
YYR in chat over at live.vognetwork.com says,
Konami, we're still developing console games. Us. Okay, what games?
Konami...
Not the ones you want.
Yeah, so Konami has been reduced to a sad trombone.
I'll tell you what, you guys shout out in the audience what type of game you want, and...
Frogger!
I heard someone say Frogger? We're making another Frogger game!
We have to celebrate Frogger's 32nd and a half anniversary with special Frogger 32 and a 3rd edition.
You know what, I would make a really foul response to that, but I can't even work up enough gas to belch on that one.
So just imagine a really loud burp.
That's really why they're taking Kojima off of Silent Hills, is they're putting him on the really gritty new Frogger game that they have coming out.
Oh my god, Chatroom, I love you.
They're just gonna take Crossy Road and remake it as Frogger.
No, I want Jackal 2.
Crossy Frogger.
I fucking love Jackal.
You have no idea how much I love Jackal.
You know what Konami's gonna unveil at E3? A downloadable pachinko machine featuring Jackal.
Jackal jackpot.
Konami, I am broadcasting my middle finger to the heavens so that it may be downloaded to you.
It'll be called pachink- or pajinkackle.
Pachackle.
Well, you know what, I would love for Konami to prove us all wrong.
Like, come out at E3 and just fucking be like, guess what, we have another Silent Hill game and it's fucking awesome because we did XYZ.
On mobile.
You know what?
Yeah.
Prove us wrong. Do it.
What if they put out a new TMNT Turtles tournament fight?
I will take a Rumble Roses game at this point, for fuck's sake.
I want a Rumble Roses game.
I love Rumble Roses.
There's places we can meet you halfway.
Because I love lesbians.
Penthouse presents Rumble Roses.
I want Rumble Roses dating sim edition.
They have a new Silent Hill game that they're gonna announce.
It's gonna be, you know, you're a security guard and there's these scary nurses come through these doors.
You have to close the doors and look at security cameras.
It'll be a huge hit on mobile.
Let's see.
You know you laugh, but I could totally see them ripping that.
Tigerclaw says Konami should make a new Blades of Steel.
I'm buying that.
I thought that's what Silent Hill was.
Blades of Steel.
Alright.
What was the heaven place in Silent Hill?
The bar?
It'd be like Five Nights at Heaven.
Moving on.
And all the music to it is either the Toreador March or Ring of Fire.
Next story.
Loki.
You know, with that said, we were talking about all these remakes and stuff.
I would totally dig a Visceral cleanup detail game based on Silent Hill.
That would be pretty funny.
Anyways.
Silent Hill cleanup edition?
Sony.
I don't know.
Andrew House is saying that the PlayStation Vita and PlayStation TV are legacy platforms.
And that there's just not a lot of first party content going to be coming out for those platforms.
You know, we're basically, they're quoting,
We are working very hard to continue very strong support from third party publishers and developers.
Our first party lineup is a little sparse this year, so I think this place is even greater emphasis on getting good third party support.
I don't think there really has been good first party support on the Vita.
I mean, there's been a few games that came out, but it's kind of been half-assed for a lot of it.
It's been gone for a while. It was only there those first couple of years.
The last thing, they had Little Big Planet, and I remember one of the big things was Killzone.
Their Killzone game was supposed to be really good.
Tearaway was the last one.
When Tearaway flopped, then pretty much that was it.
We're done now.
We're sad that it flopped.
It's so good. It's the best.
Here's the thing, though, and I saw a lot of chatter on Twitter about this this week.
The whole, like, the Vita's dead, the Vita's dead, the Vita's dead.
But it's like, okay, but...
If the Vita's dead, then why did you put out the PlayStation TV?
Well, two things. Two things. A, in Japan, it sure ain't dead.
You look at the Japanese releases, there's still tons of stuff coming out, granted.
None of it's first party, but it's still very well supported over in Japan.
Here's the other thing.
And I looked this up because I was curious, because I was like, no, there's no way.
And sure enough, you go to Amazon, look at what's coming out in June on the Vita,
and look at what's coming out in June on the Wii U.
And guess what has more physical releases? The Vita.
That's because it's the Wii U.
And guess who the first people are to be saying the Vita's dead on Twitter?
Nintendo fans.
So be seated, both of you.
So I'm just...
Well, of course, it'll be quick to point out that the 3DS is doing much better than the Vita is.
Which is fine, and I love all the systems.
I'm just saying, don't be all frickin' startin' shit with the Vita when, you know,
it doesn't look all that great on paper for some of the things on your camp, too.
Let's put it this way, the Vita has the power to play PlayStation 1 games and PSP games,
which apparently the PlayStation 4 just doesn't have the power to do that,
so I don't understand how that's possible, but yeah.
YYR in chat says the 3DS is not the Vita and vice versa.
By the way, speaking of YYR, this is the other thing that's very important about the Vita.
And he mentioned this a little bit earlier, and it was on Twitter,
and I've gotta say this at some point tonight because it's very important.
So get this, YYR made pixel shits happen on the Vita.
So I believe he said it's this week he will be releasing, he did have to change the name,
Pixel Poops will be coming out on PlayStation, I think he said it's PlayStation Mobile.
It's PlayStation Mobile.
Which the Vita supports.
He used my name.
So there it is, yeah.
Pixel Poops.
That was my idea.
So you will be able to check that out on the mobile.
But this is important, remember this, this is important.
Those titles are going to be taken down in September and you will not be able to re-download them.
So if you want it, get it now.
Limited time only.
Get it now and download that shit and back it up somewhere so that you have it.
And I totally forgot to mention this during housekeeping,
but now that YYR is talking about this I gotta mention this as well.
So this week I made my very first Steam Workshop item in honor of OLR's 600th episode.
You can now download a custom mod for typing of the dead overkill that contains OLR phrases and in-jokes.
And there's, I think the list is like 225 items.
So I worked, and I'm still adding to it and there will be things that I think of.
So you gotta go subscribe to this in the Steam store.
One of the ones has to be OLR dream game.
I think that's in there.
Some of the dream games, like I know what theyplay.com snap is one of the phrases.
So like there is like puzzle sluts I'm pretty sure is a phrase too.
So it is for mature audiences by the way.
So there's lots of fun stuff in there so check that out.
If you're on Steam go to the workshop.
Right now it's still in new or if you look for OLR podcast in the workshop you'll find it.
You know what should be in there?
Falafel.
Falafel might not be there, I'll have to add it.
But I did have Pinkberry.
Pinkberry's in there.
You know what I have to completely derail the show for a minute.
Chocolate churro flavored Pinkberry is nasty.
Nasty nasty nasty nasty.
Mexican chocolate tastes like drinking that Nestle crap that I don't give them my money anymore.
But seriously that stuff was good.
That was delicious.
The churro one needs to die.
I even tweeted Pinkberry.
I used my Twitter to tell Pinkberry to make it go away.
Blood Orange Forever.
There you go.
Blood Orange Forever.
Oh that's a phrase I need to put in the game.
Blood Orange.
It would be appropriate for typing in the dead overkill as well.
So there you go.
That is available in the workshop as well.
So that's my VoG jam entry.
No I'm kidding I'm kidding.
But it was, you know what, I was just on a whim.
I was like I want to do this.
This doesn't seem like it would be that hard.
And so I took a little time out of the day and made the mod.
I just followed the little steps start to finish.
It was fun.
So good times.
So you can check that out.
It's in the Steam store.
And now it's fun because our logo is in the Steam store.
Granted it's buried away all the way down here.
But it's kind of fun.
Alright.
Let's move on to another story.
Did you know that Nintendo had another Direct today?
Yes Nintendo had a Direct today.
However it was focused on Japan.
So Japan got a Nintendo Direct.
We did not.
But Japan got a Nintendo Direct in which a few things were announced.
Including a new chibi-robo game for the 3DS.
We'll be making it's way out.
Monster Hunter Cross was unveiled for the 3DS.
Because I guess Monster Hunter is now going to be that yearly series.
But does that really surprise anybody?
I don't think so.
Obviously the Monster Hunter series is red hot.
Especially in Japan.
So there's Monster Hunter Cross on it's way to the 3DS as well.
Also Monic.
Monic?
Mario and Sonic.
Sanic.
Mario not.
Danky Kang.
Mario and Sonic at the Rio.
I haven't even finished this beer yet.
That's the sad thing.
And I finished the can and had another vodka drink.
Ugh.
Enough vodka.
I had a vodka drink.
I had a lot.
A porter drink.
Not a lager drink.
Mario and Sonic and maybe Danky Kang at the Rio 2016 Olympic Games will be coming out for the 3DS.
And the Wii U.
Which also shouldn't surprise anybody.
It sold like crazy on the Wii for the last Olympics.
So that's a huge one there.
Also there's a new Dr. Mario game coming out on Japanese 3DS's.
It's a new Dr. Mario 3DS that has elements of Dr. Luigi that was on the Wii U.
Including the online play.
Animal Crossing Happy Home Designer has a price.
It's 4,000 yen in Japan.
That's how much it will cost.
Isn't that like 40 bucks?
That is fucking stupid.
Is that 40 bucks?
About.
Or am I?
Oh my god.
I don't think so.
That is fucking stupid.
Now this is awesome.
The Wii U will be getting Unity 5 support.
Or it's starting to get the Unity 5 support.
So maybe Time the Car can be a Wii U game.
Well it could have been a Wii U game because it's Unity 4.
So.
Yeah.
Wouldn't that have been hilarious though?
I'll put it on any platform I can once done.
That's right.
So there you go.
That's some of the news that came out of the Nintendo Direct today.
I imagine some of this will be a part of E3.
Like the Mario and Sonic at the Olympic Games.
Possibly the Chibi-Robo and maybe even the Monster Hunter will probably be a part of E3 over here as well.
And I expect that E3 is going to be a lot of localizations.
Especially on the DS front.
Because obviously Bravely Second has to be happening.
They've even mentioned in news articles they're working on the western version of it.
So it's just a matter of announcing it for holiday or whatever they're going to put it out.
So Bravely Second has to be a thing on 3DS.
And I would assume Final Fantasy Explorers has to be coming to this coast as well.
So there's some of that I'm sure will be a part of E3 as well.
It's Starfax.
Starfax? Well that'll be a part of the Wii U show on the floor I'm sure.
But there'll be some unknowns as well.
We'll see.
We'll see.
Alright let's do another story here and then we'll do some release dates.
And we've got to get to the classic game because we've got one of the best ever.
Some of us need to go to the bathroom.
Alright.
Well you read your story and then maybe you can pee.
Who said I had to pee?
What?
No I've had a lot of alcohol.
All that talk of pixel shits.
Why?
I'm just doing that for the color that you are turning in.
I wish we had a camera right now.
So I could just film Rob turning like.
This is why I'm not handing.
He's as orange as the Borderlands 2 poster behind him.
This is why I'm not handing you the phone for the periscope thing until later in the show.
Look. Aww.
Alright.
Girl.
Anyway.
So that game that I hate, WildStar.
Okay I don't hate it. It just wasn't fun.
But Carbine Studio is going to be making it go free to play because of reasons.
So it's going from a monthly subscription to the free to play this fall.
Which has only been out for a year.
So they can either do the membership packet that has extra perks and goodies.
Or they can do the free to play stuff.
So.
Yay.
And it's also put out by NCSoft.
Yeah.
I didn't think it was fun.
So.
Of course I also didn't think City of Heroes was fun either.
And just about every other MMO that I've played except for WoW after Cataclysm and Final Fantasy and Ragnarok Online.
Ragnarok Online 2 by the way was kind of crap.
I'm done.
Are you going to give WildStar another chance now that it's free to play?
No.
I'll give it a shot.
Jimmy considers WildStar to be more of a mild star.
Womp womp.
Get out.
You're funnier when you've had liquor.
What they really need to do is make it gone WildStar and then sell a million copies.
That's.
You know.
We do have a show on the network here that's amazing by Raven and EJ called Girls Gone Wow.
And can you imagine if maybe WildStar is so good it gets them to convince.
It convinces them to stop playing Warcraft and they go to WildStar.
Then they'll be Girls Gone WildStar.
That would be something else.
Yeah.
And then we see those lawsuits come in.
Anyway.
Moving on.
Let's travel around the world and check out some release dates.
Not a whole ton this week.
Really hasn't been a whole ton this year.
But so far we've got Lord of Magna.
I wanted to say Lord of Mango but it's Magna.
Made in Heaven.
Get it?
That's a pun.
Made in Heaven.
That's for the 3DS.
Also Heroes of the Storm will be getting a starter pack on PC.
And finally Tetris Ultimate will be getting a physical release for the Vita.
But I'm sorry the Vita is a legacy platform.
And it doesn't get any sort of content.
Though I see several Vita titles on this page already.
Vita's dead yo.
Vita is so dead.
If Vita's dead then fucking Wii U is buried underground and decomposing.
Alright well in Japan there's still plenty going on on all consoles.
So let's talk about what's coming out on June the 4th on the PlayStation 4.
FIFA 15 gets a price reduction.
Obviously that game has been out but it gets a price reduction in advance of FIFA 16 later this year.
Natsuryou High School Seisun Hakusou comes out this week from D3.
So I'm curious if that's a franchise that I know over here.
No I don't but of course the front cover of the game here on the PlayStation 4 is schoolgirls in their schoolgirl outfits.
And this looks like maybe a dating sim.
A dating sim or pervert sim. I'm not really sure.
Not sure but there's definitely school.
He was laying down the ground trying to get panty shots so I'm not really sure what's going on with that.
I don't know about that. It's going to a bad place.
Hey Wolfenstein The Old Blood comes out in Japan this week.
I know that game's been out here but now Japan gets a chance to experience that on the PlayStation 4 this week.
Xbox One doesn't have anything this week.
But you have Alien Isolation to look forward to the Japanese release next week.
On the PlayStation 3 FIFA 15 gets a price reduction there as well.
And that Natsuryou High School Seisun comes out there as well.
On the Wii U in Japan this week.
Yup nothing new until July the 16th when Wooly World comes out.
So we're going to have a little wait.
There are some accessories and things but no game releases of note in Japan.
On the PlayStation Vita this week.
Fushigi no Dungeon 4i no Shiren 5 Plus.
Fortune Tower 2 Unmei no Disse comes out.
Mysterious Dungeon something.
Uh yes. Not like Chocobo Mysterious Dungeon.
Dude there's a cat.
Oh my god did President Cat get a dungeon crawler because if so I'm so in.
No.
No the hero is not a cat.
It just looks like he has a cat friend that goes with him everywhere he goes.
Can I just say one of my favorite moments from O.L.R. in all these years.
Is you guys trying to decipher what a Japanese game is just by looking at the box art and all the screenshots.
Like every week.
Especially like Vita games like you just said with the school girl offense.
It's like what is this?
Thank god AkumaJP is I don't think he's here tonight.
Thank god he's sometimes here to be like you guys are so fucking wrong.
Like I only I only stop being so.
A lot of times it's like you're so fucking wrong but entertaining so I'm not going to correct you.
Yep that's what it is.
I only understand bits and pieces of the titles.
Here's what I don't understand to this day.
Why I'm not doing the Japanese releases.
Why are you doing the Japanese releases?
Because you decided to.
It needs to stay this way forever.
That was also when Jamie was like obsessed with all things Europe.
I think she still has that a little bit.
All things Europe.
Because we needed to represent our European listeners.
I'll represent our European listeners.
Okay.
Let's go to Euro Disney.
Shall we switch?
Wonder Twin Powers switch.
It's episode 600.
We can do whatever we want.
You know what we'll do next week.
We can't do it tonight because we already have a live element coming up.
I might be late next week because Monday is due to my hairs.
We'll run a poll.
And we'll let the listeners decide.
Does Rob still have to do Japanese releases?
Who cares what they think?
That's the point though.
I love you guys.
We just do this democratically.
And then we veto it.
And then you make the decision for them.
It's like real government.
I'm sorry that the results apparently favored what we decided.
We can be like the fucking republicans.
And just like.
Oh you want to recount?
We can just like.
What's the word I'm thinking?
Filibustum.
Filibusters.
Where every gamer has a voice.
Filibuster and I hardly knew her.
Where every.
Where am I pulling this inspiration from?
Revenge. Revenge. Revenge. Revenge.
Wait.
Stop it.
Where's the mute button?
I found the ferret by the way.
Where every gamer has a voice and I'm wearing earmuffs.
Nedna was sitting on it.
Anyway.
To register participation for this
week's episode of Orange Hounds Radio at
vognetwork.com use the passphrase boat.
Lastly.
Hey listeners we love you guys.
On the Nintendo 3DS this week.
Shin Atlier Rorona
Hajimari no Monogatari
the Alchemist of Arland.
And from Sega
this week on the 3DS, Stellaglow
comes out this week.
Sega is still making games and it looks like
this is like a bit of a tactical
like just Gaia
Final Fantasy Tactics sort of game.
That's what it looks like at first glance anyway.
I bet there will be some people that are into that.
In the UK we have
Heroes of the Storm on June 2nd
on Mac and PC.
On the 4th we have
Wonder for PC and PS4.
And on the 5th we have
The Swapper on Xbone.
The Swapper.
Get boned.
With the X.
I'm kinda done.
You're kinda done?
Well that was all that's on
the Xbone.
She's well done.
I am not well done.
Did you see me stumble
when I came in here?
You don't know who you're dealing with.
I didn't stumble.
The ha.
What you don't know won't hurt me.
Just a couple more stories for you guys
in the classic game of the week.
Do not go anywhere.
Do not.
You'll be so mad.
So Nintendo actually
teamed up with Humble Bundle
to release the first
ever console Humble Bundle.
Which is pretty crazy considering
that's a really innovative thing to do
when you don't have
a way to play with your friends in a multiplayer game.
But they have the Humble
Nindy Bundle and it's 8
different games from 8 different developers
on both the Wii U
and or 3DS.
And with that they've got
Guacamelee, Super Turbo Championship Edition,
Mighty Switch Force,
Woah Dave,
also The Fall,
Olli Olli, Moon Chronicles,
Stealth Inc. 2, and SteamWorld Dig.
Now this is only for
North America, so if you live in the rest
of the world, Nintendo doesn't recognize
that you're there.
But
you can take part in this
by paying what you want
to get at least some of these titles.
I think it's pretty cool.
I wish other consoles would do this.
Because
then I'd be able to build up my libraries
much like my Steam library.
Which has 386
tiles in there and I don't even know how the fuck I got
that big.
You just,
cause you gotta collect them all.
It's like Pokemon. I do, it's like, ooh I gotta buy this.
And see now I gotta be really careful cause I gotta
look in there and see, okay
do I own this game, do I own this game, do I own this game.
Shit, I own all these games.
You know what's awesome though, the
the pack, the Nintendo pack, I didn't
really have those games. So I
absolutely, I bought that Humble Bundle.
I thought that's so cool that now it's available
on Nintendo platform. I mean I had to
enter like 5,000 codes in
but I got it.
I played Woah Dave
a little bit this week, which I had been looking at that game on Steam
anyway. It's kind of like an 80's arcade
kind of tribute
thing. So I got to play that
thanks to the Humble Bundle. So, good times.
I had most of those games from PlayStation Plus
so I didn't get on it yet.
Didn't PlayStation Plus give away like OlliOlli
2 and then like OlliOlli 1 is on the
thing? They did both, yeah.
OlliOlli 1 and 2.
Woah Dave's already been on there and
WakaMele's already been on there.
SeaWorld Dig is on there.
I don't think, I'm not sure, I think
Mighty Switch Force is not
and Woah Dave, I don't know if that is.
They're gonna add more cause
Humble Bundles always add more.
What do you think?
I'm thinking it'll be VVVVV
cause they've had that in a Humble Bundle before.
And that's on the 3DS.
I love it on 3DS. If you don't have it on 3DS
oh my god, VVVVV is so fun.
I think that's the other reason I'm not quite getting it.
I don't have a 3DS so there's not as much value for me.
Wouldn't it be awesome if they did something like
Super Luigi Brothers or something
New Super Luigi U
or something like that. You know, ridiculous.
But it's an indie bundle.
Whatever.
They call it the Humble Ninty Bundle.
Ninty. But nah, that's a Nindy.
Was it?
That's the Humble Nindy Bundle.
Cause they're indies on Nintendo.
I don't think they're gonna release any Nintendo games.
No, I don't think it'll be any first party.
But Earthbound! Hey, here's a thought though.
Okay, this works well for you.
How about a Virtual Console
game in the bundle? Why not?
I think a Virtual Console Humble Bundle would be awesome.
Exactly.
Go crazy with that idea.
Twitter would just be like
splooge splooge splooge splooge
oh my god flail hands
That's the thing is you just release a ton of the shit
you've already made your money back on this several times
in all these titles. Just sell them
for whatever you can get for them and
That's right. Unload.
Unload. Cheapen those games. Exactly.
People are gonna buy, it's like ooh Donkey Kong Math
Danky King
It's only a dollar
I love Donkey King
Sanic the Horchhog
Moving on
Well, since
Dark Sakura did not have faith
that I could represent our friends over in
Europe, this story has to do with the UK
I have faith
Cause you can pronounce it
Here's my big
And for the record, I'm gonna say this publicly
right now, Rob's
pronunciation of all things Japanese
has vastly improved since he began
Who are you
and what have you done with Jamie? Because
you compliment me, you get me pie
Do you want more pie?
Again, she's offering to get me pie
Do you want more pie?
I gotta eat like a real dinner
Ah, fuck it. Have pie
Alright, look, no, I gotta read a story. Here it is
Read the story and then have pie
By the way, a blast from the past and this guy
I'm really proud of this guy
Joosten in our chat room
I love Joosten
I don't know how to pronounce that name appropriately
But I don't know how much I am
But I'm just gonna say this guy
has gone on to such great things
I'm a proud dude
from what this guy has done
So he says in chat, it's an episode
600 miracle
It's like it's Christmas
Daddy's drunk
and fighting with mommy
I'm allowed
to be nice
to Rob
I can even sometimes
be nice to Loki
I offered him pie and he said no
I just don't like pie
And that's nothing against you, I just dislike pie
And you don't like cookies
I like cookies sometimes
Brad from PodCulture
You like things to be savory
Hello, Brad from PodCulture in our chat room
over at live.bognetwork.com
New OLR game, fuck it, just have pie
I am down with this
YYR, get on it
Okay, the game
is that you have all these mazes and puzzles
to do, and if you make it through you get some
big thing, but you can also just do halfway
through it. There's literally a button
that's just, fuck it
Have pie
Level complete
For the record
Bobby Black Wolf mode
Yes, that's it, you could
go through this maze, it's really hard
or at some point
and that's the whole thing
YYR is like what am I making now
And that's the whole temptation
Are you gonna get through this fucking hard ass game
or are you gonna hit the button that just says
fuck it, have pie
And like if you have
pie though you get negative scores
Alright
But I'm still trying to do a story about the UK
I forgot what the fuck I was gonna
say, so whatever
Apparently
some people in the UK
pre-ordered Splatoon, actually I know
our buddy Picaruno is one of these affected
So I'm like legit
sad for Picaruno and he's probably
pissed hearing me talking about the Splatoon 3-pack
But this happened, some folks pre-ordered
the special edition Splatoon bundle
from Game, a big retailer in the UK
which had Splatoon and the Squid amiibo
and they got emailed informing
that the truck that had
the bundles was stolen
So they're not going to get their
pre-order on time and guess what
the products can't be replaced cause you know
there's not enough product out there
So they'll get a discount
and they're gonna get the Splatoon
game and an inkling boy and
girl, I mean but that just, oh my god
that sucks, like especially how
hard these amiibo are to come by cause you
know those squids are on their
way to China to get re-sold on an eBay
auction somewhere, so
that really sucks
I can only imagine a Fast and the Furious type
heist scenario where there's
grappling hooks and speeding cars
and ripping packages
I just hope, and now it's gonna
parachute out of the back of like a
cargo plane into China to get
sold on eBay or something
It's like, wow you stole amiibos
But then what
can you do? And there's a part of me that's like
I kinda wanna blame Nintendo
I mean ultimately it's the criminal's
fault and that's who's fault it is
It's really just some eccentric billionaire out there that really wants
to scan all of these for
amiibo tap to play
all the possible combinations of free
games, it's like that crazy person that
bought all the Rosalina cause they really
hate her, it's like this person just like
they have a real, like they
hate squid, like they just hate him
And so- Fuck are you squid?
That's right, exactly
Anyhow, alright
that does it for the news, so it is time to
get to the classic game
of the week
God I'm so
excited, every week here on the show
we pick a game that we think
hey, you kids, you know what
you need to, no no no, no no no
enough of the splatoon, amiibo
you need to go back to a
classic time
and Dark Soccer will step into the gaming
vault, I don't know if this game is in Dark Soccer's vault
but it might be- It's not
And she picks out a game that she thinks
hey, you should check out
this game this week
Everyone needs to play this from the young to the old
For science, I mean and honestly
and you know
you know we had to go big for episode
600, this truly was more
than Dark Soccer, this was all of us putting our
heads together going
what is, for 600
episodes, no other weekly gaming
podcast that we know of anyway has gotten
to 600 episodes, what
really defines Orange Lounge Radio?
This is based off of one of my
favorite games ever It is
So here it is, Dark Soccer
the classic game of the week, how are we gonna
do this, should I just play it? Just play the music, see if
anyone gets it Alright, let's do it
Let's play
I'm looking
at the chat room
Bobby guessed it There it is
The game is Missinude World 1996
Yes
A classic, a true
classic, so basically
this game is
it's based off of Kix
which is one of my favorite games, one I've done before
where you have to fill in
parts of a square
Oh, you're gonna fill in those parts
Fucking hell, Rob
to basically
pass the puzzle, however
this one has a lot more in common with
Gals Panic, you have to
uncover a girl's picture by cutting portions
of it while avoiding the enemies
on the screen and looking at your timer
so to do this right
you have to watch the red and blue meter at the top of the screen
if you uncover parts
of the silhouette in the picture
you'll lose points, but if you get
more of the outline around
the character
then you will
basically
be able to pass and get the whole full picture
of the girl, in this case
so if you fill your red meter too much
you will get the devil or the
demon, and it will say
turning, and then you get the music
turning, we're actually getting to that part
in the video right now, and I'm so excited
this is what
really makes Ms. New World 96
as well, is the fact that these beautiful
beautiful women then turn into psycho
demons for help
alright, here we go, here we go, best part
I love you
turning
everybody move your body
Rob actually found the song
it is, it's based
off a real song, believe it or not
now that it's turning back
this player actually does a pretty good job
in the game here, now that it's turning back
yeah, the little sample there for the
everybody move your body, well I was researching
for tonight's
class game of the week
I actually discovered
that that song is a sample
of a song
Eurodance song, I don't know how popular it was
but it's called Look Twice
with Move That Body
we're gonna put this in rotation by the way
so yeah, this game totally ripped off
and there was like a later version of the game
I think called Super Miss World that had
like some more women in it and so forth
it actually had like Labouche in it
somewhere in there, so
at any rate
you
you can get
choose 60 girls from six
parts of the world and then you have
versions A, B, and C
I don't know why this random
girl kissing a guy, a little girl
kissing a guy just shows up randomly
like, what?
anyway you get version
A, B, and C
is the degree of
whatever, I'm done
oh here it is
this is actually the only video I could find on
YouTube was of Super Miss World
so here's the Labouche sample
it just loops over and over
this is the one that has like the little spider in it
oh that was the one that had the spider thing, right?
I think so, I don't know
this whole game is creepy
so there it is
Mr. Nude Boy
that probably was out there somewhere
Mr. Nude Planet, where it's just a bunch of
butts and dicks
alright
there it is, your classic
game of the week
I am equal opportunity nudity
Miss Nude World 96
I know, we'll call it Mr. Naked Butt
2015
love it
he's getting right on that
a very appropriate choice for episode 600
but it would have been a better choice for episode 69
we just weren't doing a classic game back then
alright, there it is, your classic game of the week
we're gonna take a quick break guys
when we come back, there is plenty more Orange Lawns ready to come
we actually are gonna, we're running long
believe it or not
we're gonna cut some of the stories in part B
so that we can do the list list for you guys tonight
and make sure we have some extra time to take your calls
and apparently we've got
several people have emailed us
so we're gonna get through all that
and some gaming news as well
when we come back with more of Orange Lounge Radio
right after this
welcome back everybody to Orange Lounge Radio
live on this
May 31st of 2015
with the 600th
episode of our show already in progress
and yeah, it's been a little crazy tonight
some of that may have been
you know, may have been boosted
a little bit by some of the liquor we've consumed here
in the studio, but we've been having a good time
you guys, just talking to you guys in our
chat room and having some fun
we've had a lot of laughs tonight and I'm sure there is plenty more
to come in this segment
of the show tonight, I will be
for the first time experiencing
pornography on the Oculus
Rift, my first experience
live on air
it's not some stupid like, it's
3D thing
in my face, yes or no?
yes, stereoscopic boobs in your face
I specifically picked videos
that have boobs in your face
my
and I am secure in my homosexuality
by the way, when I'm gonna
I can still appreciate
many fine figures, so
I am fond of the word breasticles
are you? are you gonna be trying the boobs?
no, that's right, you can't do the
I have glasses
oh, you can do glasses in the Rift, but
anyway, alright, I will look at some boobs
just to say I've looked at them, just to say you've looked at them
alright, you're a trooper DarkSakura
we will get to that here in a moment, hey Flaco Jones had to take
off during the break, unfortunately I couldn't get a final
thought out of him, but I do wanna give a big
thank you to Flaco for stopping by the studio
Bradley is here though
in studio with us, and he'll be helping us out with
Listless, also in this part
of the show, so we've got plenty more show to come
so let's get back to some news, so we can
get to it, Loki, how about
some rapid fire news?
alright, so, this made me
kinda laugh when I saw the headline
for it, but DriveClub, they're
overhauling those servers, because they're
still preparing for that Playstation Plus
it's so gonna happen
it's gonna happen someday
but yes, this is gonna be an update
1.16
they're gonna be expanding the
challenges to an
unlimited number of participants
also challenge notifications will be
integrated in the social hub
new challenge menu
significant
technical improvements will be made to
enhance server connectivity and
prepare the Playstation Plus edition
I'm sure
we'll see it someday before this hits
bargain bin shelves for
the full game
I'm thinking it's gonna be an E3 release, they're gonna be like
here it is, the moment you've been waiting for
DriveClub, Playstation Plus, available now
but the problem is I'm not waiting for it anymore
I was waiting for it
in October
I'll hype it up with something, I don't know
I guess I'll download it
why not, it's free
yeah, exactly
anyways
this is kinda cool, there is a steam
game out there that requires
you to hack said game
in order to get the achievement
apparently there is a locked Steve achievement
for Invisible Incorporated
and basically
you have to
track the game in order to actually
get it to show up
you have to alter some of the code in the game
and then once you've done it
it gives you
the achievement, so it's kinda cool
and then
last but not least
hey, there is something else coming to
that legacy console
the Playstation Vita
I mean it is kind of a legacy game
Earth Defense Force 2
which is now coming out as Earth Defense Force 2
Invaders from Planet Space
it is coming out for
the Vita, it's gonna basically be a little bit
of an enhancement port slash
whatever, from the Playstation 2
game that came out quite a while ago
they're
gonna be adding 4 player online co-op
and then also the
it's not
the new class, they say it's the new
Air Raider class, but actually that was the class
or that game was the one that introduced that class
that's not necessarily new
different enemies if you haven't played
Earth Defense Force 2, because they did have some
stuff inspired from
War of the Worlds
so they have some tripod
things
of course giant ants and that kind of stuff
they'll be coming out on Vita
they'll be coming out later this year from Exceed
which I'm surprised, because normally D3 releases those
I don't know
I guess it's Shifted Companies
I would love to see an HD remake
of all these on a compilation
or something like that, I'm just saying
kinda nice
alright, let's move on
to what's happening on Playstation Plus
for June
the Playstation Plus lineup is out
and barring any E3
surprises, which I suppose is always a potential
but we know what we're gonna be getting
early on in the month at least
on the Playstation 4, you will get
Metal Gear Solid 5 Ground Zeroes
I mean
it's kinda cool that that was a big retail
release when it came out, but of course
to gain a little steam and buzz
for the upcoming actual release
of the full game, Metal Gear Solid 5
I'm kinda not surprised to see if that's going
to a free Playstation Plus release
are they gonna pull it from the service and also not allow us
to redownload it later on too?
I don't think it'll be the case
because I think you're gonna be good
solid snakes like this and we can't download it anymore
stop it, stop it
on the Playstation 4 also, Skulls of the Shogun
the Bone of Thide edition
coming out there, that's a turn based strategy game
on the Playstation Vita
but cross for the Playstation 4
is Super Exploding Zoo
you have eggs in the zoo
and there's aliens that want to eat
the eggs, so you have to
get I guess explosive animals
to stop the aliens
I don't know, but it kinda sounds hilarious
so I'm sure I'll check that out there on the Vita
and the Playstation 4, also on the Vita
Futuridium EP Deluxe
that's also on Playstation 4
that's a retro inspired shooter
with action and puzzle elements
it's supposed to have a pretty cool soundtrack with that
for those of you that are still faithful to the Playstation 3
you have Call of Juarez
Gunslinger as well as Cloudberry
Kingdom to look forward to
for the free shit for June
for those of you that are on the Playstation Plus
moving on to something on the
Xbox One, Halo 3
ODST on its way
to the Xbox One
if you were an owner of the Master Chief
collection, you should check
your inbox on the Xbox One
because redemption codes for the ODST
add-on went out this week
this was kind of an apology for some
of the problems that this game had
if you were around when the game launched
it had some bumpy issues
so they did a remake of ODST
as an apology basically
it's not a full rebuild however
it's a much simpler update, it's just the original bits
but 1080p and 60 frames per second
and it does not have
a firefight mode
there you go though, you can still check that out
if you played the game
between November 11th and December 19th
last year
now here's the thing, if you didn't buy the game
in that earlier window
you will have to purchase this add-on for $5
but for $5, that's not too bad
that's not too bad
Rob, $5 could buy me a burrito
it could, it's gonna be a tough choice
you guys, it's gonna be a tough choice
well we've had a very busy night tonight
I'll navigate this to rapid fire news
but Ultra Street Fighter 4
it had some problems on Playstation 4
when it launched this week, it's been a little bit bumpy
there's been some talk about some lag
some of the netcode not working so hot
there's apparently a menu
that references the start button
which doesn't really exist
yikes, well there was a tweet that went out
from the official Playstation account
stating that a Playstation 4 patch
is expected to land in the next week
details forthcoming
on what that all will entail
but you can imagine
some people are working overtime
over at the house that made this game
because I don't think Capcom did the port themselves
but whoever ported this over
you can imagine they're working some long hours
this week to iron out some of those bugs
yeah, I mean, I've been Capcom's development team
but you're publishing it
so I'm sorry, you're so responsible
yeah, that was not pretty
how that all played out
I like how this kind of happens more frequently nowadays
it's just like, ah, fuck it, you know
oh, it's all fucked up, I'm sorry
it's that dev team, man, they're stupid
what's wrong with them
whoever hired them to make this game is stupid
and it's not, it's not like it's unique
I just read that
immediately following a story about how
Halo had, I mean
fucking Halo, which is like Xbox's
bread and butter, right, had some issues
and now they're apologizing with this ODST
I mean, this is happening
a lot, so
test yo' games
before you hit the publish button
just throwing it out there, alright, Dark Soccer, what do you have?
test it for you, ship it
so Benji found that people
were cheating, cheating
at Destiny Trials of Osiris by
exploiting a little bug that knocks folks
offline, so all of those people have been
banned, all of them
and I mean, basically
we ban you
basically, if you win nine times in this without
a loss, you have a flawless record and you get
this trip to the Mercury
lighthouse hub that gives you basically
loot and it's pretty, so yeah
people were exploiting
this thing
knocking folks offline and they
were banned, so
cheaters never prosper
bye Felicia
well it sucks that they were exploiting a glitch
that somehow
made it through their code
test your ship, before you ship it
well, I still, you know
if you're willingly exploiting
it and using it to kick people offline
I kind of think you have to own that
a little bit
I think you do a little bit, I mean yes, it shouldn't have gone out there
that way in the first place, that doesn't mean you have to
you know, I could set a knife
down here on the table and if you
choose to stab Brad with it, that's on
you, sure I probably shouldn't have left the knife out
but you know
just saying
um, Squeenix is
also released during a
financial report briefing that they're
going to be putting out two new games
during E3, well at least announcing
them to
quote, strengthen and reboot
their existing IPs, and this comes
of course right after they mention Dragon Quest
8 port for 3DS and Dragon
Quest Heroes 2 and Star Ocean 5
for PS, for Playstation
maybe we're going to get Vagrant Story
maybe we're going to get Do Prism
maybe
we're going to get
Bust A Move
that would be an old franchise
that Squeenix has that they could bring back
last but never least
Street Fighter 5
I'll take it
Street Fighter 5 is going to be playable next month
wah ha
ok, done
they're going to show it off at Community Effort Orlando
oh ok
June 26th through 28th
for 40 bucks, she can play 40 bucks
and play Street Fighter 5
anyone can do it, if you're in Florida
I wonder if it'll also be at E3
but it might be one of those behind closed doors only
type of things, maybe
they got to say something about it
at E3, that's a pretty big fucking deal
so, anyway
alright, let's get to the foogle question
of the week, you take Facebook, you take
Google, you slam those words together, you get
foogle
it's not even foogle
we've neglected Google Plus this week
where you can follow us on Google Plus
you just go to google.com slash plus
orange lounge radio
and over on Google Plus we have several answers
starting with actdeft who says
I remember starting listening back in 2005
because of DDR, though I only listened
on occasion, I became a regular in 2006
and haven't stopped listening to the show since
and probably never will
as for favorite moment, there are too many to count
and to recall, but I'll just give the corny answer
and say, it's every Sunday
every episode I've listened to so far
awwww
no, I'm just kidding, that's very nice
of you to say, we always appreciate hearing from you
actdeft
Reddertainment says I first heard about
orange lounge radio when Sky was calling into
All Games Interactive and have been
listening since then, you know, that was a very
lofty project that they were doing
over there at All Games, that live show every
day, man, those are some good memories
over there, I loved calling into that show
that was a good time
Among my favorite moments was hearing Loki
talk about playing Grand Theft Auto with his
co-workers, I still want to play a game
with awesome mods like that
It was seriously
the best Grand Theft Auto games I've ever played
and will ever play, unfortunately
Sean F says it was on
Shoutcast, I think, 2006
where there was a service before that, I was
just getting into podcasts for when I went
running, I remember listening live and
I tuned in early, there was this weird guy named
Bobby Blackwolf, he's still around
He's gonna hit his own 10 year mark
next month, pretty exciting
And lastly on Google Plus
Prince Peach Fuzz replies and says
About 3 years ago I was living in Washington
and my buddy asked if I knew about the
podcast since I'm originally from SAC
I've been listening every chance I get
One of my favorite moments was
watching Rob play the PT demo
Technically that wasn't
an OLR moment, that was a side project
but that was a lot of fun, I like doing those
live streams, I haven't done them in a while because of real life
but I hope to get back into that
regular habit very soon
But I had no idea that Prince Peach Fuzz
was once from Sacramento, so shout out
I've lived in Sacramento
my entire stinkin' life
but I love it here, it's great
So there you go, those are some answers from
Google Plus, let's get to Facebook
and I really, you guys blew it up
on Facebook tonight and out of respect
I am gonna read all of these
answers but I may abbreviate
some of them, so I've got a lot of answers
to get through, so I'm gonna try my best to get through
all this in a timely manner
So let's start with Red The Haze, who says
I found out through All Games Radio when Sky called in
and talked about OLR, this was in 2007
and I've been listening every week ever since
It wouldn't be easy for me to find a favorite moment
but I like it every time y'all talk about food
More power and I love y'all, here's to another
600 episodes
P.S. I have a job prospect in the near future that would have me
near OLR Studios and I would love
to buy y'all food as thanks for the years of awesome
and free entertainment y'all have given me
What do you think?
I like pizza and burritos, I like pizzeritos as well
Will we take bribery in the form of food?
Hell yes
Yes
You private messaged me on the Facebook
so let me know when you're gonna be here, we would love to take you on that offer
And I love that he says
y'all, I think that's a
I'm not eating this stuff
Sounds like one of my people
Alright, Fabrice A says
I started listening when the PSP had the RSS feed update
which is 2007, haven't missed
an episode since
I found you guys on a random website that listed gaming
podcasts, I was immediately hooked
Favorite moments? Rob Floods and
Loki Rants
There you go
Critical Myth says
I can't even remember when I started listening
It had to be before 2009 because I was already
listening long before I started my current job
but I do remember that Brad from
Pod Culture mentioned the show so many times
that I had to see what the fuss was about
and that I was hooked
See Brad from Pod Culture
told a friend about the show, you get a gold star
Brad from Pod Culture, Prince P. Chuzz's
friend told him about this show, that guy
gets a gold star, or gal gets a gold star
We always ask, just help us spread the word
and you guys are doing it, thank you so much
Raginator says
I started listening via the podcast shortly after the PSP
got support for podcast RSS feeds
and saw a recommendation for OLR on
this old Sony PSP forums
This is around episode 175
I first tuned in live when
OLR left live 365 for all games
which I was capable of playing on my PSP
via the shoutcast app
I had my first call in shortly after that
around 187
A lot of people I'm finding Loki came in through that
PSP stuff, and that was really all Loki
that put that OLR PSP.com together and all that
And then never updated it after that
Never updated it, but it was awesome when it started
We can find
those new technologies and get in with them
on the ground floor, I'm all
about that, that's why I'm a little
excited to do a VR one
If you're volunteering, heck yeah
Well this is why, and I have to admit a little bit of
like, I'm really bummed out
that shoutcast, or excuse me, not shoutcast, sorry
Spotify has announced
that they're adding podcast
but it's very selected
And like, I know people that got on there, and I'm happy
for them, and I'm gonna let you finish
but I really wish there was a way
that, you know, a few more
of us can enjoy that, and I'm hoping that it will
open up to more people
I would really love to embrace Spotify
because I love the fact that Spotify is on
the Playstation 4, and I think it would be
so rad if you could just sit on the couch
while you're grinding mobs in Diablo 3
and listen to an episode of OLR
all on your PS4, so I'm like, if anybody
out there with the powers to be in Spotify are listening
to this, we wanna be on your service so bad
but you're only signing contracts with these
you know, commercial
distributors right now that, you know, we're not
a part of, so if you wanna, you wanna talk
indie, bring me up
but yeah, anything like that that comes around and
embraces podcasting, we want to get on
so, awesome awesome
um, let's see
uh, moving on to
Silent Thumb, or that might be Tom
I apologize if I'm mispronouncing that
says, I've been listening for 8 years and listen to you religiously
love you guys, I used to listen to you on my
PSP, way before I had a smartphone
here's to 600 more shows
best show gaming related show on the net
thank you
Robert K says, my first episode was
in 1976, back in March 2006
after you guys were featured on the gaming
podcast main page of iTunes
not missed a single show since
favorite moment is bloody tough, but the giggling
lesbian gaming show was perhaps
the first time I've nearly died
at a desk that wasn't down to
inhaling a pasty, I think that's pastry
not a, pasty is something that comes on your titty
pasties are what they're called
pasty
cause a pasty to me, goes on your titty
that's an IE
it is a type of pastry
though you are correct
I don't know what Robert K is into, he might have inhaled
a pasty
he's British, different words
thank you guys so much and here's to
many more years, thank you so much
and enjoy your pasty
Bryce H says, I first
started listening when the PSP got that
internet radio update and listened to every Sunday night
then my PSP died and I stopped listening
and when the iPhone brought in podcasts again
I started listening and it's been like that ever since
Sial says
I started somewhere in 2012
I think after listening to another podcast
from VOG that got mentioned somewhere
on Reddit, I've slept since then
I can't remember the exact details
favorite moment, too many to count but one that comes to mind
is Dark Soccer getting into an explicit
filled rant
about being a healer and what
I vaguely recall being one of the Final Fantasy
MMOs, it was that or Ragnarok
Online because I think if I say
It was Final Fantasy XI
Prod please
That's actually Ragnarok
but I didn't play a healer in that one, I played a rogue
I played a healer in Final Fantasy XI
a white mage
and I got tired of being the party bitch
Well Sial continues, happy 600 OLR
and here's to 600 more, thank you
Ursa Pink Slurpee says
I listen to podcasts
hmm, excuse me while I hiccup
I listen to podcasts while I commute because
Cleveland radio sucks, one day
during Wrath Days I Google searched
for a podcast which led me to Horde House
which in turn led me to OLR
you three have been making my drive time bearable ever since
I really don't have a favorite moment
but I do find it particularly entertaining
when Loki gets upset by something and starts ranting
Andrew S says
I started around 4.15ish because I've
heard enough episodes to fall in love with you guys
but then I distinctly remember the 4.20
episode, can't imagine why
I enjoyed the 500th episode too
all I know is I can have a conversation with my
high school students about video
games because of my education
I get every week, thank you guys
it's an amazing accomplishment
we're affecting classrooms
across America and I'm not sure how I feel
about that
I'm glad you didn't add positively
we're just
affecting them, I didn't say how
Wayne N says I came across OLR
around 2006 or 2007 via Bobby Black Wolf
I've been listening to his show
for a little while at the time and decided to check out
more shows on the All Games Network
I haven't really done much interaction with the show
but it's been on my playlist every week
well shout out Wayne, thanks for sticking around all this time
Elliot B says
happy birthday OLR
I found you guys on iTunes when Apple
first started hosting podcasts in June of 2005
back then it was the
to go edition of course
which means that as of this month
I've been a listener for a full decade
blimey
a full decade
I gotta say
I'm really fortunate
to have got on the podcasting bandwagon
before Apple did
so that we were in that list when iTunes
went live with podcasts, because I'll tell you what
that was when
literally overnight
this show transformed from
40 people listening a week
to about 100 times that
listening a week at the time
it's dropped off since then a little bit
but I mean that was huge
and in some ways we kind of weren't ready for it
but it just goes to show the power of
podcasting so big thanks
big thanks to
the folks that helped us get started
on all that podcast and everybody that's
helped spread the word
anyhow, Tiara
I love Tiara, Tiara says
I've been listening to this show for a ridiculous
amount of time you guys, I don't even know
it must have been 2002 because Loki
wasn't even an official host yet
the first time I was a guest on
the show in studio was May of 2003
when you guys hit 300 episodes
in October of 2008
I wrote a parody of the song Hey There
Delilah in honor of the milestone
which Dark Soccer read on air
part of the parody said
hey there OLR you stay cool
I'm trying to sing the song and I don't remember it
you stay cool and keep podcasting
record 300 more episodes and keep on making history
like you do
and I clearly remember Sky saying something
along the lines of
Dear God, I hope we're still not doing this
episode 600
how many regrets do you have Rob
12? Just kidding, love ya
shoot me
alright, Tiara also
commented and said
bonus fun fact
I would have never met my husband
if it wasn't for OLR
fine British chap and fellow listener Robert K
and I became good friends because of OLR
and Robert is the person
who introduced me to my husband
the rest as they say is history
that is pretty powerful
to know that your show
helped in some small way
you know with something like that
I mean hell, even
my own relationship
like I feel like one way
Alan got to know me even better
was through listening to OLR
and we started, we were friends on LiveJournal for years and years
but he started talking to me like
more and more when he was listening to OLR
and kind of had something to talk to me about
which really opened the door to
what Alan and I have
so this shows
impacted us significantly
as well
FYI
I wasn't married to Dan when we started the show
I know right
but I was already with him
so I don't owe this show a damn thing for my marriage
Loki wasn't married to Nellie either
no of course not
but he picked up a prostitute
and gave her a ride home
didn't you?
yeah I did that one time on accident
oh my god I remember that
that was crazy
that was awfully nice of you
well I didn't know, it was just some girl
that looked like she was out of high school
with like a little kid
and it was like 100 some degrees outside
and they're like can you give us a ride down the street to our apartment
and I'm like yeah that's fine
get in and then
she started trying to proposition me
I was like uh
your kid's in the back seat here
uh it's a little weird
so
wow alright
but yeah it didn't look, I mean it wasn't like
you know it looked like a prostitute or anything
I just thought it was just a person
they look like regular people
they walk among us
they're like Cylons
who would you expect like a prostitute on the street
with her young like
five year old son
I mean that's just a little weird
alright gaming nerd says
I've been listening since just before all games when I was still in college
but then I got a job and could no longer stay up
to tune in live and join in chat
that didn't stop me from continuing to listen every week
and get a kick out of the wacky antics
that ensue with each episode no matter how random
or off topic it may get
my list of favorite memories are stored in a text document
that I may one day put together
into a sound file and share with you all
when you reach episode 1000
hope you don't wait that long, I'd love to hear it
uh thanks for the continued hard work and looking forward
to the real episode 666
next year
our friend Cyl
from the Geek Card Podcast
I love Cyl too and she's very lovely
in this comment saying
I can't remember when I started to listen but it must have been around the same time
when Horde House started
and they got redirected from Horde House to Orange Lounge
I've loved all episodes but I'm truly happy
to have built international friendships
with some of the hosts and always
have a brilliant show to listen to at work
I love the shows when Alan, Shane
or Extifer make appearances
she left out Grandpa and that makes me so happy
I hope he's still
listening, I'm gonna get a nasty text
wishing you 600
more great shows
love and hugs Cyl XXX
JV Mon leaves this comment
my first show was
episode 1
the migraine show
I seriously, the only
people I know that were here at episode 1
that are still listening and if I'm wrong please
correct me, Dark Tetsuya was here at episode 1
I know he was and then you
and that's all that I know that are still here
that can actually say they've heard
just about every single episode of OLR
I think some people have gone back
I think like Misty and probably DDR Angel
actually I don't think DDR Angel
still listens, she might if you're out there
hey, but Misty
I think went back and collected
old episodes like Pokemon so I think she's heard them all
at this point, but there's very few people
who can say they've heard like every single episode
so my god, how do you
tolerate this shit, that's what I want to know
no, you guys are awesome
I haven't even heard all the episodes
right? anyhow
Tigerclaw's asking a quick
question before I read JV Mon's comment, it's a good one
I'm curious, how did you all get the word out for
OLR episode 1, because in that time
Twitter, Facebook and any social media site did not exist
except for forums
there was social media, it was just different
it was live journal, so we really
I saw it as their signature on the
sacramentals forum
DDR Freak totally
DDR Freak, big time, having understation
live help because I could plug it on that show
as well and kind of lead to that, so it was just
anywhere you could, forum signatures
you know, getting the word out
talking to people
word of mouth, huge
but I'll tell you, do you know how many people listened to episode 1?
12, and that was at the peak
12 people didn't listen for the entire time
12 people was the peak
and we were like, oh my god
double digits, we are fucking rock stars
people!
I just remember having the worst headache of my life
during that show, like I was in that
chair, who was your roommate at the time?
Brian, who has since
had two children, if you can believe it
and got married and all that stuff
and they filled the pool at that old house
I know, right?
we used to have some kick ass parties there
but I just remember being in that big green chair
like when I'm dying
king of iron fingering
I love it
Alright, so JVmon says my first show was episode 1
and then I listened for a couple of months
and then just listened on and off until I got my iPod in 2006
I've never missed an episode since
I love the show so much
I visited you awesome people twice
with the third happening soon
I've also met some great friends
love you all and congrats to your loyal east coaster
Eurobeater
JVmon
Rama on Facebook says
Christ, I think my first episode
was around 2005
I have all of OLR2GO archived on my computer
so I think I had to be around
episode 69 or earlier
Wow, where does the epic time go?
As for my favorite memory
it would have to be when this particular song
was on the cage match
when me, Junami, and Dark Tetsuya
were all in the studio
I'm trying to bring it up right now
Anyone?
You're watching the one
that he reposted on top of that
Everybody do the dance
with me
It's the Rama version
Okay, enough of that
Moving on, next comment
Emily C says I've been listening
for about 5 years now
I had just discovered podcasting and searched for
video games and iTunes
I work in assembly in a factory
at the time I was a soldier
I keep wanting to say soldier
but soldier, like a soldering iron
I was laughing at my soldier station
and smiling. A friend of mine asked, why are you so happy?
And I said, I just found this show
where they talk about video games for 3 hours a week
You have been with me ever since
through the bad Konami times
and the good Oculus Rift times
Congrats, OLR
I just want to reach through the screen and give you a giant hug
That story actually brought a smile to my face
Our show brought a smile to your face
I would reach through the screen, but I don't want to get burned
by a soldering iron or anything like that
Fist bump
Marissa says
Kristen, one of the famous
OLR lesbians that used to be on the show a lot
Kristen took me to meet everyone
and I sat in on a show
addicted ever since
We're addicted to Marissa, let me just say
I remember when I first met Marissa
It was at Kristen's house
I was sitting on the bed with her hair all on her face
kind of hippie style with a guitar
playing Radiohead
and after that, I was absolutely enamored
Marissa is my other waifu
Fifth Dream in chat says
I haven't been listening as long as others
I heard an episode occasionally, but in the last 2 or 3 years
I've listened almost every week
Just seems to be part of Sunday nights or Monday mornings
if I can't listen live
It's just fun to listen to and hang out and chat
and talk about the topics discussed
It's great to be a part of something that's been around so long
Dark Tetsuya says
Well, I knew you guys prior to this whole OLR thing
because I met you playing DDR, 2DX and so on
and all those games
and I never left
and my favorite memory I still will say
was that time we got taped at Golfland
and almost got the management mad at us
that's true, we did an episode
live at Golfland and almost got thrown out
I told them it was a school project
Do you have a day
I remember
is on Facebook saying
listen to this, you'll love it
this is still my favorite
and it's a Twitter exchange
of all things between myself and Dark Sakura
so you know it's old because Dark Sakura is using Twitter
and it starts
Dark Sakura says
oh yeah, fuck you with something hard and sandpapery
PS hearts
and then I said to Dark Sakura
oh, oh, and by the way bitch, fuck you
fuck you
and then Dark Sakura said don't be a bitch
and I said, shut the fuck up
he said he liked New Kids on the Blocks
Twisted, someone tell Shane
and if you could just
summarize an episode of OLLR
just add Angry Nintendo Rant by
Loki at the bottom there and that's an episode
of OLLR
that was when we were doing nothing but quoting
Kelly
as people should
I'm almost done, I've got four more left
IngramAV98
says I started back in 2009
around 2015 I think
and I was trying to get back into gaming
I'd heard about podcasts and thought I'd give it a listen
you were the second podcast I tried and the only
one I enjoyed for quite a few years
now my week feels weird without listening to the show
I like how they said enjoyed for
quite a few years
and then they stopped
I still listen though
thanks everyone, you're amazing
and Master Claw replies
and says what time do you usually post the Fugu
question of the week? I want to set a reminder so I can
answer it before you record for once
well you got your answer red
live on air, I try to get it up before
noon on Sunday but I'm not always perfect
and that's Pacific time
OrangeRite says I believe I discovered the show
very early on around episode 4
through DDR Freak
I rediscovered the show when I checked out this new
podcasting thing and saw that OLLR had one
I've been listening ever since
lastly but never leastly
Hitstun says congrats on 600 episodes
I've been listening since late 2005
when iTunes introduced podcasts and an update
I tried a few different gaming shows
at launch but OLLR was the best at the time
and I've been hooked ever since
my favorite moment is VOGJAM number 1
I've never been so excited to participate
in an event on a podcast
and I had a lot of fun making my game
and playing all the other entries
I still look forward to Time to Car and whatever
crazy idea Rob has
I'm still working on every single
well maybe not today because I was really tired
but most days I am working on it
till wee hours at night
I made a mod
but I still have to do the videos
you know what it's sad
because two weeks ago I was like you know I should have
a demo release
in time for episode 600 it just didn't happen
because I needed sleep
and I just couldn't function without it
people will forgive eventually
alright thank you so much
I know that was a lot of
answers tonight but you know what
you guys just took us down memory lane
and you all deserved your moment
on the show because we couldn't do this show without you
so thank you thank you
we will open up the skype line in just a little bit
1877 game olr
we have to do a list list real quick
and we have to do porn on the rift
I'm going to ask Loki to do one quick story
here while I set up the video thing
and I'll explain what that is in just a moment
alright so this is
kind of interesting
Twitch has made an update to their terms
of rules of conduct
that basically ban
any AO rated
games from being streamed
and this is right
in time for Hatred to be released
which tentatively
was rated adults only
now it's not officially
rated adults only
it says adults only on their page
they basically submitted something to the ESRB
unofficially
and they kind of came back saying well this is what
your game would be rated if we rated
so it's not
official but whatever that's going to be enough
for Twitch
this also is going to include any other games
like the AO version of
Grand Theft Auto San Andreas
or Fahrenheit Indigo
Prophecy
now here's a little bit
of the caveat and this is really strange
games rated 18 plus by other
rating systems those are okay
it's just as long as
it's not rated by the ESRB
which is weird because most indie
games aren't rated by the ESRB
so had Hatred not
I don't know say for example
decided to use that AO thing
as kind of a marketing tool
they might still be able to be streamed on here
unless they would have probably changed their criteria
so here's the basic
criteria that Twitch has released
if a game's US version is rated
adults only by the ESRB you should
not broadcast that game on Twitch however
ESRB rated
mature versions of adult games
are permitted streaming
such as mature versions of Grand Theft Auto
San Andreas and Fahrenheit Indigo Prophecy
games rated 18 plus by other rating systems
are fine to stream so long as they are not
rated AO by the ESRB
and don't violate the standard language of
our rules of conduct
and terms of service
while the ESRB ratings apply exclusively
to the US titles our policy extends to
versions of these games in
all territories generally if
the US version is rated AO 18
plus or equivalent rating in your territory
you should not broadcast that game on Twitch
Rama in our chat over at
live.vognetwork.com says friend of mine got
a 24 hour ban for streaming Huniepop
alright so in celebration
of streaming adult games
we're gonna do that right now and remember
how I said we like to embrace technologies
we're gonna try something new and
experimental here at Orange Lounge Radio
Dark Soccer's gonna press that button over there
and we're gonna be live
on Periscope right now
are we live? ok so Dark Soccer's our camera person
now I didn't
I wasn't able to set this up
yeah well Dark Soccer's holding it and she's gonna
do this live so it is
oh we need another light
it's the first time we're doing something like this
and I apologize I'm still gonna try to keep this
oh it's not plugged in
we gotta plug it in over here hold on guys
live!
hey hi Logie
this makes for a great podcast doesn't it
I'm not gonna be on the camera at all
don't shoot my butt
alright you might have to
it's on Periscope but it's on my account
and not the OLR account I apologize
I'm sure Tigerclaw will have the link in chat
in like two seconds or you can look at the app
Periscope and go to my name
at SKIE
so we are live on Periscope and we're trying this a new
live reaction
to pornography on the rift
sorry we're not gonna show titty on Periscope
cause I think that is a
violation of terms unless you're like
pirating an episode of Game of Thrones or something I don't know
so let's
let's try this, Logie
does that not help, it's really dark, oh you know what
let me do this, don't film me
don't film me going over here
hey way to throw that off
hey Logie pull the drew
I think we're still up and everything
I didn't film that part
we just test, okay good
wow we just had the mixing board fall over
live, that actually was a lot better
a lot better with the light on there
so here we go
alright, so what
Logie describe for me what we're gonna be doing here
okay so you're gonna be watching
for podcast
you're gonna be watching a segment of
it's one of the many virtual reality
porn things out there, it's actually a website called
virtual real porn
I think or something like that, it's
oculus rift, cardboard
all the other possible
VR platforms right there
basically it's a
180 degree stereoscopic video player
it's not interactive per say other than you can
kind of look around and it seems like you're
in a 3D environment, it's not like one of those games where you
push a button to like
fuck something
because those are cheesy and stupid and
not a lot of them work very well
but this I thought would be funny so I
there's a couple videos
I'll try to skip around in them because they're long
so yeah, just to give you an idea
alright
alright show me the porn
how do I do that, I just gotta
put that on your head and I'll give you the headphones
or should I just unplug this
alright
it says after party 2
taking care of you, 1080p
yep, okay so you're gonna put the headphones on
yeah I can put the headphones on you
do I look fat on periscope, please don't tell me
or I can just unplug this so we hear the audio
okay yeah, do that
we'll just unplug the audio
and
we'll all go ahead and
select one for you, alright here we go
so we'll do
we'll go ahead and stick with after party 2
am I getting hearts on periscope?
tap them screens, tap them screens
oh shh
virtual real porn
after party 2
180 degree head tracking
oh, okay we got
we got a room
this is very much a porn room
oh my god, I look down
and there's some dudes crotch
okay, there's
a pretty lady coming in, this lady looks like
Olivia Munn to me, I don't know what it is
we'll go ahead and skip ahead
in just a second here
but my favorite
is that I look down and I actually
see it's like it's my crotch
so I think I know what's about to happen
oh yeah
where's the emergency exit
so we'll skip ahead here a little bit
alright
clothes have been taken off
she's showing
okay, she's showing her booty
now she's
oh my god
but see, now we're gonna get into the actual
stereoscopic stuff
I tried to show a little bit of it
so that they could see how it projects
oh yeah, don't put the nudity on periscope
no, no, she was closed at the time
alright, here she comes
oh, here I come
Justin says
Rob, contain yourself
she's rubbing the virtual
crotch, uh oh
uh oh, she's undoing
my pants, am I gonna see
a representation of a boner
I don't think it's gonna be a representation
it's gonna be the
dude's actual boner
no, it's not your boner, of course not
here, let's just keep going
well, I did not know I'd get to see a boner
oh my god, that is a boner
in my face
that is
that is something
she's using
she has to use two hands, people
this is disgusting
I have it turned up as high as it can
oh my god, this is so weird
this is so weird
here, let's
I just closed, oh my god, get your ass
out of my face, lady
hold on, hold on
there we go
look, it's
woah, woah
oh my god, they're like
this is the future
they are right in my face
that is
come in Tokyo
come in Tokyo
oh, oh
oh
so that's what it looks like up close
I'm just kidding, I'm kidding
alright, what's that tattoo say?
I have no idea
is that her name, Candy?
K
look at me, like this chick's
getting fucked right in front of my face and I'm like
what's that tattoo, that's really pretty
her boobs are not moving
oh
the fake guy just brought up his hands
this is the future
he's got a tattoo as well
is that a Splatoon character on his arm?
that is not a Splatoon character
anyway, wow, she's pierced
alright, so, get a good idea
yeah, wow, alright
that is the future, boys and girls
that is
wow
mind blown
among other things
that's so stupid
hahahaha
Dara Sacro, what did you think?
alright
that was the most unattractive thing I've ever seen in my life
are we shutting down the Periscope?
I'll do it, I'll point it at the mixing
the mixing board that I dropped earlier
and we will drop
wow, how did we get so many people watching
on Periscope, that's kind of scary
live.vognetwork.com
they thought boobs would happen
hear the broadcast, people
alright, so there it is
seriously, her boobs did not move at all
they just looked like, you know how if you blow up a balloon
like way too much
yeah
and then you mentioned piercings
and I'm like, should pop one
but that was
that was really close
could you tell from the monitor?
yeah, that's what I'm saying
it's just like, whoa
really
oh my god
gee, I wonder how that had 79
live viewers
could it be because porn was in there?
alright, anyway
wow
I got nothing, I'm gonna just move on
to the next story, there it is
episode 600, you wanted it, you got it
porn on the oculus rift
it's gonna be hard at the top
but I think she tried
she tried
alright
alright
moving on
Lego
let's talk about
how do we go from porn to
hey, how about them Legos
let's talk about a kid's toy
speaking of plastic
Lego, the dimensions
thing is apparently
a thing that's happening and they haven't hit stores
yet, but Lego
appears to have their eyes set on
Minecraft
that's because there's some flyers
inside some of their sets
that's advertising a new game called Lego Worlds
with the tagline
explore, discover, create
hmm, could an E3 be announcement
be forthcoming?
speaking of E3 actually
we must have forgotten to talk about this
but I remember similar long lines of this
some of the manuals
for these sets have already gone out online
as well
they mention other sets in there
one of them being Portal
Portal actually has a Lego set
that's gonna be part of Lego Dimensions
Doctor Who was gonna be
another one
I'm trying to remember the other ones now
but yeah, those are the two
that I remember, Doctor Who and Portal
are basically confirmed
for Lego Dimensions
that's just some amazing
shit there that you're gonna be able to play
Back to the Future and Portal and
fucking, I don't know
DC Superheroes
it's just a weird combination
oh god
look at our chat over at live.vognetwork.com
actf says Portal, Doctor Who
and yeah, there's another
there's still folks talking about the
Oculus thing if you can believe it
sg100matt says episode 700
he wants Oculus Rift Slender Man
with Virtuix Omni Treadmill
are you trying to kill me live on air?
yes, how am I gonna stick that in my car?
that makes sense
I wasn't thinking about sticking that in a car
Raginator says
please make Periscope a regular
thing on OLR, we just might
we just might, that might be fun
and yeah, I didn't
oh god, I hope I save that to my phone
oh, save the camera roll
I will do that and then
I guess I could put it on YouTube later
cause it'll only be on Periscope for like 24 hours
hey! Jason
could like put this on the YouTube thing
maybe that'll be a thing
there's Periscope broadcasts in there
of course I'm volunteering Jason for more work
I'm sure he's gonna love that
alright, let's move on
I promised y'all a list list
so you ready for it? we gotta get to list list for tonight
tonight's list list topic
so you guys can start
shouting your suggestions in the chat room
tonight's list list topic is
going to be
what game will we be
obsessed with on
episode 1000?
1000!
what game will we be obsessed with
on episode 1000?
as
you know, you know Dark Soccer, she talks about
like Dragon Age a lot, right?
and she talks about Mass Effect a lot, and Loki
talks about Grand Theft Auto
like a lot on this show
and I talk about like Final Fantasy 14 like
way too much, so
what game are we going to be obsessed with
come episode
1000 of our
show, so let's get to it
it's time to list list
music
music
music
alright, the way list list works
we are about to conduct a experiment
where we will create the ultimate
list and
your votes are going to help put
this list together, if you want to
participate you must be listening live
I'm sorry podcasties, but this is one of those
live only things
so you can head on over in your
browser to live.vognetwork.com
and we are going to
put the question up on the board, what game
will we be obsessed with on episode
1000? in just a moment as soon as I get
everything plugged in there, you will see
that go live at
live.vognetwork.com and then
we're going to go around the room and we're going to get
everybody's top three
answers, we're going to get an answer from
Dark Soccer, we're going to get
an answer from Loki, myself
and our special guest tonight
Bradley, who we have not heard enough from
so I'm excited that we're going to get
more Bradley here on the show tonight
so here we go
and then once we get everybody's top three
we're going to go around the room and this is the
really hard part, nobody likes this part
but each person will take one
answer that they believe is not worthy
of the list and eliminate
it from the board
alright, so that's how this works
so we're going to put that on the board right now
at live.vognetwork.com
what game will we be obsessed with
on episode 1000?
alright
and some folks trying to
calculate that in chat
so it took about 13 years
to get to 600 episodes
so we're looking at about 10
years from now, let's just say
alright, so let's do it
let's put together the list, we'll start
ladies first, and if you
want to put in some answers, you can shout them out
in our chat room over at live.vognetwork.com
you may get your answer
in the list, so let's do it
DarkSakura, your first answer tonight
please, what game will you be obsessed with
on episode 1000? Bioware
Dating Simulator
tell us more about Bioware Dating Simulator
it's sort of like how Namco High
was with all these characters from all over the place
except it's all Bioware games
so you could, you know, have
a threesome with Alistair and Cullen
if you wanted to
or you could also have Garrus and Cullen
that would be great, and Solas would only
date you if you were a female elf
and this would be Tumblr fanfics
greatest
it would be a Tumblrgasm
it would be, it would be a Tumblrgasm
alright, there it is, it's on the list, Bioware Dating Sim
time for my number 3 answer tonight
my number 3 answer tonight
is going to be, of course, you notice
there's going to be a pattern here
Final Fantasy 11 was online
and Final Fantasy 14
is online, so of course
in 10 years I'm going to be obsessed with
Final Fantasy
17
and so I'm going to put that on the list, Final Fantasy 17
will be the game that I'm obsessed with, it's still going to
have the same races that they created
in Final Fantasy 11, go figure
now we go to
Loki, Loki, which game do you believe
we're going to be obsessed with on episode 1000?
I think
you'll be obsessed with
I don't know
I think I'll be obsessed with
Grand Theft Auto
5, I don't know
I can't think of anything
10 years, shit
with all that time to prepare
before the show, Loki is taking to
spontaneity to create his list tonight
no, definitely whatever the new
Grand Theft Auto is, Grand Theft Auto
probably will be like 6 by that time
because they take their sweet ass time to put that shit up
so it'll just be Grand Theft Auto 6 because they take their time
there it is, alright
on the list there, Grand Theft Auto 6
Bradley
my friend, do you have a
answer here, number 3, game we will
be obsessed with come episode 1000
of Orange Launch Radio
this is still in constant development
Dungeon Crawl
Stone Soup 0.32
they're still developing the game
because it's up to .16 right now
so they'll just keep going and making new things
and say that it's Dungeon Crawl
or what? Dungeon Crawl Stone Soup
0.32
I have to admit I'm not
very familiar with this game, but you sure seem to love it
so I think I need to check it out
Dungeon Crawl Stone Soup
.32, still not to
version 1 in 10 years, it's
forever beta, it's like a blizzard game
for god's sake, forever beta
alright there it is, on the list, hitstun by the way
big fan of that game
let's go to number 2, answers
DarkSahra
PixelShitsMMO
PixelShitsMMO
how does that work?
would you like to play a game of
lucky shit?
you clean up other people's shit
this time
you become like the
maintenance person who has to clean up that mess
that was made in the first game
PixelShitsMMO, I love it
alright there it is, on the list by DarkSahra
my number 2 answer
tonight, my number 2 answer is
Mavis Beacon teaches
lovemaking, there it is
first she taught you typing
but now in 10 years she's gonna be
a little hard up for cash, so
Mavis Beacon teaches lovemaking
how old is she, would she be dead?
she's not a real person actually
cause she'd still be fake dead?
she might be, well
I hope she's not teaching lovemaking if she's dead
but I think that would be
a lot of fun and clearly
after tonight's VR experience
there's a demand for that in the riff
can you imagine the technology in 10 years
it's gonna be ridiculous
I know, I know, that's what's scary
scary, alright
Mavis Beacon teaches lovemaking on the list
Loki, what is your number 2 answer?
my number 2 answer
is going to be
Dance Dance Revolution because no matter
how much time passes I'm still gonna be obsessed with that game
awwww
that's like the nice answer
that's
I'm gonna eliminate that one, no I'm just kidding
DDR, we will always
be obsessed with DDR, even when we get
really mad at Konami and we're
so mad at them for all this
PT and all this other stuff
we'll still always love DDR
that's the nice answer coming from Loki
Arkadian42
what's your number 2 answer tonight?
Similar Vane, another game that
we'll still be obsessed with after
10 more years, Super Metroid
Amen
Amen, Super Metroid
still the greatest
video game of all time in 10 more years
I'm cosigning that, that'll be great
that'll be great, I love it
alright, here we go, the list so far
Bioware Dating Sim, PixelShit MMO
Final Fantasy 17, Mavis Beacon
teaches lovemaking, Grand Theft Auto 6
Dance Dance Revolution
Dungeon Crawl Stone Soup .32
and Super Metroid
here we go, last answer, last chance
make it count
and what does that translate to?
President Cat 2, we'll never have received
the first one, but we'll get the
second one, President Cat 2
President Cat 2, the second term
except that's not what
Sukeban Shacho is
it's like
delinquent company president
Rena
I was, that's the American
title from when we get it
the Japanese title is Sukeban Shacho
Rena the Second, Rena no Fukushu
I knew, somebody had to put
President Cat on the list, so
probably me, may as well be you
alright, my number one answer tonight
my top answer on the list will be
Half Life 2
because 3
still won't be out
is Alan still in the chat room?
if he is
he's probably divorcing right now
I'm probably sleeping on the couch tonight
Half Life 2
because 3 still won't be out
by episode 1000
alright
Loki, last chance, last answer
make it count
let's see, so the game that
we'll be obsessed with
in 10 years
you know
um
I think we'll still be obsessed with
Minecraft to be honest
so even though
because it's never gonna be done
that's true, and even though
I almost said Konami, even though
Microsoft is sure to put out a Minecraft 2
at some point, that still
will be the number one game streamed
on Twitch will be Minecraft
when people are doing like Periscope
Twitch, VR,
Holodeck, whatever
it'll still be fucking Minecraft
still with the shitty graphics
flappy bird, ah it's too late
too late, alright
one more, Arcadium 42
last entry going on the list
what is it my friend?
Assassin's Queef
Assassin's Queef, what did you just say over there?
Assassin's Creed
12, we've exhausted all
of human history, so now we've set it on a
space station
for space
limitations, pun intended, I've shortened
that to Assassin's Creed 12
in space, so there it is
Assassin's Creed 12 in space
because they've run out of history, and now the chat room's
running with it going Assassin's Queef
they are vicious
I love that game
don't knock over sound boards
don't mispronounce things, they're ruthless
then it'll be on YouTube tomorrow
alright, there it is, we've got it
our list is forming
but this is the hard part you guys
we're gonna have to go around and knock some things
off this list, let me show you the list
as it stands right now, and if you're following along
at live.vognetwork.com
don't forget
you can see this play out in real time
there under the chat room, so here we go
DarkSakura said BiowareDatingSim
PixelShitMMO
PresidentCat2 rent us revenge
Final Fantasy 17
Mavis Beacon teaches lovemaking
Half Life 2 because 3 still won't be out
Grand Theft Auto 6, Dance Dance Revolution
Minecraft
Dungeon Crawl Stone Soup .32
Super Metroid
and Assassin's Creed 12
in space
alright, this is the hard part
this is the part nobody likes, and I have to say
tonight, I would
really keep all these answers if we could
but then it's not fun, so we have
to do the elimination round, feelings will
be hurt, people, feelings will be hurt
alright, let's do it
DarkSakura, you're up
first, ladies first, which of these
is not worthy of the list?
I was actually gonna go with the
Assassin's Creed one, and then
someone mentioned it in chat, basically the same
thought I was thinking of, is
that Marvel would sue
because it's way too much
like some of their space shit, so
I like that, I like that
alright, so that is the one
you're gonna eliminate, alright
Assassin's Creed 12 in
space, being very rude to our guests tonight
I'm just kidding, I'm not rude, I'm like
that to everybody, that's what has
to happen, I'm sorry, so it's my turn to remove
something from the list
oh my god you guys, you guys he's never
gonna come back, cause I unfortunately
I'm gonna eliminate Dungeon Crawl Stone Soup
.32, only cause I'm super
bitter that I haven't played it yet, so unfortunately
most people don't know what it says
that is removed from the list, but I will
make a note to try it out soon
however, I don't know if you know about this Bradley
you have immunity now
Super Metroid cannot be removed from
the list, so that will still be there
however, we gotta go
around now, it's Loki's turn
which one of these is not worthy of the list
damn, you know what I should have picked
I should have picked Ni No Kuni, but
too late, yeah I know, too bad
I missed the opportunity
anyways, I am gonna vote for
Half Life 2, because
I think in 8 years most people
will just stop caring
it's gonna, it's just a
natural progression of things, kinda
similar how in 8 years, you know
people will stop caring about The Last Guardian
not being released as well
alright, so finally we're just
not gonna care anymore about Half Life 3
that's Loki's prediction, so there it is
Half Life 2, because 3 still won't be out
it has been removed from the list
it'll just be Half Life 4, that'd be funny
sorry we can't count to 3, but 4
alright
Bradley, last but not least
can you see the list, or do you want me to read it for you
one more time, read it for me one more time, alright here we go
I was gonna actually do Half Life 2, just cause that joke's gotten old
by now, that's fine, one of these is not
worthy of the list, is it
Bioware Dating Sim, PixelShit MMO
President Cat 2, Renna's Revenge
Final Fantasy 17
Mavis Beacon Teaches Lovemaking
Grand Theft Auto 6
Dance Dance Revolution
Minecraft, Super Metroid cannot be eliminated
I'll just take off
Bioware Dating Sim
oh no, you know what
you know what DarkSakura
you don't need a dating sim
because you have Tumblr
endless dating scenarios
there will always be Bioware games
there will always be Bioware games
that's what shipping is for
and really, you have to understand
in 10 years time, technology is gonna become
so good
that dating won't even be a portion of it
it'll just be the Bioware fucking simulator
you're just gonna go straight to the fucking
it's just like, dude listen
if I wanna date people, I'll fucking do that in real life
let's get down to the fucking
I don't have time for this shit
oh my god, I love it
alright guys, it's your turn
to vote for your top 2
at live.vognetwork.com
you can now vote for your number 1
and your number 2 answer
remember, the first one you click on
will be number 1, the second one will be number 2
and then you can submit
what will be the game we're obsessed with
on episode 1000
will it be PixelShit's
MMO, PresidentCat2
RenesRevenge, Final Fantasy 17
MavisBeacon teaches
Lovemaking, Grand Theft Auto 6
Dance Dance Revolution
Minecraft, or
Super Metroid
damn, there's so many opportunities I had if I just not
if you just applied yourself
and I said fractions 2
it's like
alright
it is time for us to go to the mailbag
while you guys vote, you only have
time for the length of the mailbag segment
to vote tonight
here we go, 9.15 guys
and we still haven't gotten to calls
do you have a deadline?
do you have a deadline tonight?
no, my deadline is sobering up
I'll make sure we're done by 10
we'll make sure we're not late at 10 tonight
alright, so let's go to
the email bag
alright
Darkstalker's gonna dive into the mailbag
headfirst at participate at
orangelauntradio.com and she's gonna read some of the emails
for you right now, of which I think there's a handful
aren't there? but there's 5
5? alright let's get to it
sup O.L.R.
so happy 600th and all, but first and foremost
we need to clear something up regarding the holy Canadian
food chain that is Tim Hortons
1. there are Tim Hortons in
select cities in the US, for example
Ohio has some locations here
and there throughout the state, but if you
come to Columbus there is a Tim Hortons
at almost every exit
the chain is as common here as McDonald's
sure there are Tim Hortons at the Canadian border
but Ohio is a clear exception to this
2. Tim Hortons is a
cafe and bake shop, therefore you will walk in
and see lots of donuts, pretzels, bagels and muffins
you also have panini soup and delicious
chili, but you won't actually find poutine
there, this is true
that's a shame
this is true not only for Tim Hortons in Ohio
but also in locations in Ontario, Canada
where I go often
3. I am not Canadian, but my maid is
I travel to Canada often to spend weekends with him
so that's how I know all this
I also see a very distinct difference
in both the freshness of the food in the coffee in Canada
as compared to the US counterparts
they don't take the shortcuts that we do
due to their natural food act
4. finally Loki needs to
pull up some poutine porn on Oculus Rift
put them goggles on and delve into
them cheese, courage and gravy
sincerely, Ospher
aka Garth Wolf
I want some poutine
I'm gonna make ghetto poutine tonight
but not during the show
no
alright, thank you for clarifying
that, I make it my life goal
to go to a Tim Hortons someday
Greetings Humanities
several high profile personas in your organization
what is, oh
in your organization have been aware for a long time
in your interest in our chosen candidate of choice
Sukeban Shacho-Rena
also known as President Cat
your interests are well known to members of our
organizing, and at this time we've chosen
to extend the present offer
to join us in our organization
this is from entertainment
but it has a lot of typos
maybe that's
the joke, because it's Cat typing it
I don't know
click here
for the buying
I'm not reading the whole thing because it makes my brain hurt
sorry
I'll look at it after the show
we always get weird when links and stuff are in there
I'm still sobering, so no
happy 600
got any good E3 memories? I'm going to be there this year
to help with coverage for the site I write for
any tips? have a good one
Andy R
don't believe anything Konami says
stop
get your appointments now
if you're not already working on appointments
don't wait until you're at the show to do it
and my strong advice to you
interviews are way more impactful than demos
especially in this day and age
most of the demos that you're going to
get admittance to, not all of them
but most of them will end up on Twitch TV
that's the day and age that we live in with E3
so my advice to you
get interviews
I don't know what type of coverage you're doing
or what site it is
if that kind of fits what it is that you do
that's what I would absolutely be trying to get into
so you can kind of ask your own questions
but keep this in mind
they're going to stick to a script
and they can't deviate a lot from that script
and they will have handlers ensuring that they don't
deviate from the script
so you'll be able to ask questions but just realize
you can't ask things out of left field
so those are my advice for E3
but yeah, hopefully you're already
making appointments
hello Alar
I wanted to congratulate you on reaching episode 600
and on just about
becoming a rotten teenager
kids these days, well you know
I don't want to get into it
I caught up on the podcast recently
and just wanted to voice my thoughts on a couple things
including on the topic
that has historically been the single most important
to OLR, food
the first
I'm on the fence about throwing money
at the blood stained kickstarter for one reason
the pessimist in me has a bad feeling
that our good friend Konami
is going to be watching this thing like a hawk
and the moment they find an excuse they will try to slap an
IP infringement lawsuit on it
now most of you will probably think how can they do that
how will that hold up in court
but that makes no difference because the real question
in that circumstance
will be whether or not
Iga and friends have enough money
to fight it
the TXK lawsuit
probably would not have gone
anywhere in court either
but because Llamasoft can't cover legal fees
that doomed the game
I could see Konami
trying to bury the thing right before release
why? Because
Konami, that's why, and I hope I'm not right about this
I don't think they can
because it's a little bit different than with
the TXK thing, that
looked just like Tempest
whereas this is a genre
like Metroidvania is
somewhat of a genre nowadays
and just because
this guy used to develop side-scroller games
for your platform
and now he's developing another side-scroller game
that is a genre that
he kind of created or helped create
I don't think you can really copyright that
he's not
they're not calling it like
Draculavania or
this is
well, they've already
used Alucard, but let's just imagine they
haven't, and you go, oh, you have to fight
Alucard. Alucard's also
in the public domain
very true as well, so I
think he'll kind of know what he's doing to dance
his way around it, and they have enough money to
hire enough lawyers to make sure, so we'll see
we'll see
the concern, I get it
I get it, and that would be a really awkward
situation if all these people donate money and then
Konami's like, psych, but I just
my god, as if they don't have enough bad
PR right now, right?
We'll see
Back to the email
there we go
Alright, now I'm going to make a very bold
prediction, you can agree with me or not, but I'd like
to at least put a good
few bucks on this, ready?
VR goggles are a fad, and in five years nobody
will care about them anymore, pause
for Loki yelling, what?
You didn't see what I just saw
At best, they are the next
Kinect, most gamers do not
want another
expensive peripheral
they want to sit on their couch and look at their
TV, that's all I have to say about
that, except that if arcades were
still popular, I believe that arcade
games would be a better place for
this technology. I don't think that's
going to be the case, because I think a lot of this
technology is not going to be that expensive, it's going to come down
Obviously, you know, stupidly
they said, oh, it's going to
cost $1500 to get the
VR experience with Oculus, well they're talking about
building a PC, which is like $1200 right there
and then buying the headset
but like, look at what they're doing
with even the mobile devices
with the
Galaxy Gear
and stuff like that, it's just basically
a thing that plugs into your phone
that you've already spent $800 on by the way
so $300 for a fucking VR
headset
I mean, if you're dropping that kind of money on a phone
then, you know, whatever, so
you buy a little of this accessory or whatever
to throw onto your phone
and make it into a VR headset, I mean
HDTVs were very
expensive when they first came out too, and then they came down
in price, but for me, I think it's all about what
experiences are available on it, you know, and that's
that's where the Kinect kind of
flopped, because it just turned into
all the same thing
Well, they promised to do all this immersive stuff
even, and that's
it is really frustrating with companies
like Microsoft and stuff, when they're talking about
Kinect and everything, and they're like
yeah, we tried to do all this cool stuff with
Kinect before, and we didn't have the technology
but Kinect 2.0
can do all of this stuff!
And it's like, yeah, we tried to do that stuff
with Kinect 2.0 and it didn't work, but now we've
got HoloLens! It's like, I
can't trust you guys when you keep doing
this shit. Bobby in our chat puts it very
succinctly, as we have many times in
our chat at live.vognetware.com saying
a platform is only as good as the games that are on it.
Absolutely.
Darsara?
Moving right along,
I'm almost ready to announce my new project, a
complete experiment, and my last original
Xbox Live indie game. Here's a
tease. Are you good at classic style
minigames? Can you hit a ball at the paddle
or jump over gaps or avoid other
cars on a road? Or how about playing
two of those games at the same time?
Or three, or even four games at the same time?
Stay tuned.
And finally, wow, that actually sounds kind of fun.
And finally, I need to address something
very important since it concerns the most covered
topic Orange Dance Radio has ever covered.
And I'm correct, it was food.
Food.
Recently covered on this show was a new
burger from Carl's Jr. that contains both a
burger patty and a hot dog plus chips.
This is by no means original.
A place called Jake's Way Back Burgers
did it first. They are mostly on the
east coast and I have one a mile from me, but
there is one in Milpitas not far from you guys.
Oh, that means we can go to Golf Land.
The sandwich was their Burger of
the Month for last October in honor of Halloween.
And they named this creation the Frank
and Burger because it's a Frank and a
burger. Original.
I went ahead and ordered one out
of pure curiosity.
Don't get hot and flustered.
Just you
add some mustard.
It's Dr. Frank and Burger.
I know, Rob.
What if it had Doritos
on it instead? What if there were three
more Doritos? Moving on.
My verdict, it was good, but
tastes exactly like the sum of its parts.
Eating a burger, a hot dog, and chips at the same time.
There was no interesting flavor that
resulted from its combination.
But maybe you'll have a different opinion.
My location still offers this burger.
I was about to say booger. Burger, so maybe
yours does too. Give it a try.
Side note. When Julian was learning
how to say burger, he would call them boogers.
So we would talk about cheeseburgers and it was the
grossest thing ever. Ew!
I was going to say
I've made a hamburger
or cheeseburger that used
instead of the buns, it was
two peanut butter cookies. And it worked
for a while until the cookies melted.
Oh my god, cookies!
Someone dared me to do it.
I said, fine, I'll do it. It was no big deal.
Everyone's like, oh my god, I can't believe you did it!
I'm like, it's not that bad. When I was a kid
I used to make turkey and cheese sandwiches with
chips on them. It was good.
Alright, is that it for the- No!
Fine! I have to finish this one
and then there's one more.
Okay.
I hope you all continue to enjoy yourselves
as you always have. And thank you for bringing
us listeners a wonderful experience week after week.
I enjoy every moment I spend
with OLR and I know I'm hardly the only
one. Thanks a million! Hugs and kisses
Aaron Yyr. Yyr, you have
brought our crazy
shit, literally,
to life. And for that
we owe you such a huge debt. And
thank you for being a part of this show.
Seriously. I just have to get that out there.
Okay. This person didn't leave us
a nickname, but I'm just going to use
the first part of the email address.
Kitten Poker UK.
Okay.
Sup bitches!
Happy 600, smile! Big hug, smile!
Can I just say real quick, sorry, last
call for listless
votes. Just saying. Can't listen live
as you start at 2am here in the UK,
but we'll catch up in the morning. Smile!
Emojis. Smile!
Emoji. Happy. Happy.
Stars and eyes. Did someone else email
while I was- Did we get another email? No.
No. I suppose I may as well give
Redertainment's
email is P A M F O
B S A T.
I need to see what that stands for, but I don't think it
does. Yeah, I'm sorry,
I can't read that, Redertainment. It makes my brain hurt.
Alright.
I tried.
You get a gold star.
Remember, folks. She's been drinking a little bit.
I am sober now, Rob.
I know. I'm sobering up, too. It's kind of disappointing.
No, I mean, I'm sober.
Alright. And it sucks.
Let's get to it, guys. We have to announce
the winners of tonight's
Listless. I'm so
excited. What game are we going to be
obsessed with come
episode 1000?
Here we go.
Number three.
The third game. Number
three spot we will be obsessed with come
episode 1000.
President Cat 2
Renna's Revenge.
There it is.
Number two. The number two
game we will be obsessed with.
People going for the sentimental
answer. Dance Dance Revolution
we'll still be obsessed with.
Come episode 1000.
And last, but not
least, number one.
The number one answer.
What game are we
will we be obsessed with come
episode 1000?
Pixel Shits. The MMO.
There it is.
Pixel Shits. The MMO.
Love it.
Toilet paper, please.
Alright.
The manual will be printed on
toilet paper. Alright.
That is great. There it is.
Pixel Shits. The MMO is the number one answer.
Uh oh. Now I have a commitment to live
up to. What have you done?
What have you done?
Ruin lives because that's what we do here at
OLR over the last 600 episodes.
Alright.
Let's get to
that's it for the mailbag.
It's the FUs of the week time.
Every week on this show we get Anx Day.
I have a semi
FU to our landscaper
who woke me up
trimming the hedges outside of my open window.
I was in a
glorious dream at noon.
I was sitting here
and I was
awake.
And it sucked.
Also Midna scratched
my boob so fuck you to my cat.
I'm done.
Loki?
Uh I guess
just you know
FU to the fact
that my cats
in my game still climb up
towards the sky and not down.
Stupid fucking stubborn cats
disobeying what
I want them to do.
My FU of the week goes
to my drunk ass knocking over the mixing board
a minute ago. Thank god
it still works and that the show is still
going on.
Last but not least, Bradley do you have an FU of the week?
Alright a preliminary FU to
morning traffic. I have to start dealing
with that now. And
a FU to my foot and shoulder
for hurting at times.
And that's what I put in.
Alright.
There it is.
Darktacuya in chat is saying
while you're around passing along a hi guys
from DDR Angel via Facebook PM.
She's been addicted to Splatoon as well.
Is she still listening? That's amazing. If so
thank you so much. Hey.
She is such a sweetie.
As long as the show is gone I could have probably
consumed some more alcohol than I did.
I know. It's been going long. But we
promised time for calls. Let's
do it. Skype line is open.
Orange Lounge Radio. All one word on Skype.
Or you can call us. I think the
800 number is open. But I'd really encourage
you to just use Skype. Which you know everybody
has on their phone.
Orange Lounge Radio. All one word on Skype.
I think you can call us 1-877
Game OLR.
As well. I'm just making sure that works.
But of course it's already
lighting up here. So let's get to it.
I may rush some calls tonight to get
a lot of people in. Just a heads up.
Hi. You're on Orange Lounge Radio. Who's this?
Hey. Hey. It's Ronma. Hey Ronma.
How you doing buddy? I'm doing pretty
good. Good.
What would you call in and talk about tonight?
Well.
It is episode 600 right?
Please tell me we're getting a shot live on air.
Ah. That's right. Oh. It's
Fireball. The official
licker of Orange Lounge Radio
and VOG Network. Pretty much.
Pretty much. And you can thank
Brad for that one. Even though it's completely
awful. My husband likes it though.
I love Fireball.
All of y'all are welcome to it. I'll
stick with the Metoxo. So here goes Ronma. He's pouring
himself a shot here on the Skype page.
First. I have to do it in my brand
new shot glass I got when I went to
Denver Comic Con. Cool.
It says Colorado
Rocky Mountain High. Take that as you will.
Uh huh.
He's pouring himself
a nice little shot there.
Well. I'm going
to do the toast differently because
I've done here so you've hissed me several times
already. You
Rob, Jamie, Matt
you have thanked everybody
for everything that's brought up to
OLR episode 600.
But let me be the first to say
thank you because
if it was for you guys
the anime jam session wouldn't be here. A lot of us
wouldn't be here. As like I said
sometimes it's like a club
and sometimes it's like family.
So for everything you've done
thank you. Thank you
so much. Thank you.
I enjoy that.
Showing up did.
Another another another.
You know it's going to be kind of silly now that
I think of it. Alright.
Someday
you know once we get to that episode
whatever we're going to get a young caller calling
in and thanks to your show
I wouldn't be here. Yeah I wouldn't have been
bored if it wasn't for your show.
Oh God.
Oh God.
There is something else that's sort of
OLR related that is going on right now
I don't know if you've been following but
do you all remember DJ Dark Knight?
Oh yeah. He got married.
He just got married over the weekend so yeah.
Props to him.
I told him he better be focusing on his honeymoon.
With us on in the background.
As I said prior to
if Dark Knight and the New
Misses happen to be listening to the show tonight
tonight is the night
for love.
God dammit I almost spit my
soda out. You bastard.
It's time to make a baby.
Barry
Barry White you're not.
God dammit Rahm.
Rahm is losing it.
I'm going to stick my penis inside you.
Just don't put it on the Oculus Rift.
I'm done. I'm signing off. I'm done.
Alright. Ladies and gentlemen
He can't even right now.
No I cannot.
Goodbye my friend.
Hugs and kisses from California.
Stay black.
I'll take you from New York and the rest of the crew here.
Alright take care my friend.
Alright 1877 Game OLR
username on Skype. Orange Lounge
Radio. Let's get to another call because
it is lighting up here. Let's get to it.
Hi you're on Orange Lounge Radio. Who's this?
Sup bitches. Oh no.
Hearts.
Hearts.
Hearts. Hi
Grandpa.
Hi Robbiekins.
How are you? And Matt and DarkSakura
and Bradley and Flocko
and the other listeners tonight.
Flocko left an hour and a half ago but how are you?
I know I was listening. I was listening to him playing
Heroes of the Storm because I was a fierce bitch
with a cold cunt.
So you never call into
OLR. To what do we owe the pleasure tonight?
I called in last year on your birthday
bitch. You already forgot.
Yeah I did.
Yeah. That's how our relationship's been.
First you sucked my dick.
Then you left me at the second date.
Then we became friends.
And now you're happy in your relationship.
This is kind of how OLR's
past has been. It's been a great spike.
And then just kind of average.
Did you just call in to make it awkward because you're doing a really
good job. I've been drinking all day.
I think he called in to say cunt on the air.
I did. I did actually.
And he got you to say it too.
Yes. You haven't seen me play.
Is
Bobby Blackwolf in chat?
He was in chat earlier. Probably.
Probably. Okay.
So in honor of your 600th
episode because
Duxurk, you're Flocko's goddess
because you're fucking gorgeous. Matt you're a handsome
man with two gorgeous kids and a beautiful wife
Rob.
In honor
of your 600th birthday
I am gonna contribute to the
$600 marketing budget of VOG Network
for your 600th birthday. But
if Bobby Blackwolf
says that I'm a
sexy bitch and he'd go at it with me
I'll double that.
Stop it. He's got
one minute in chat to respond. I hope to
hell he went to bed. I hope he went
to bed. He's got less than a minute
left.
He's got less than a minute.
We could have $1200
right now but no. He decided
to get some beauty rest. Oh.
There's Bobby. There it is.
Grandpa is a
sexy bitch but I wouldn't get
it on with him. Sorry.
Oh.
600 extra dollars into the VOG
Network coffers.
Wait. You're
throwing money at us for
our anniversary? I did last year.
$10 for every listener. What?
What?
Why is there toothpaste or jizz on my phone?
What the hell happened?
What is that? Oh, it's gone now. I wiped it off.
It's fine. It's not salty. Grandpa, your
participation in our network
means the world and you
I know we give each other shit
all the time and that's what the listeners are here for.
But I really am proud
of what you've accomplished and
the fact that you actually can behave yourself on a particular
podcast when it has your name on it
at the front and the work you guys
have done with Starboard Power Coupling. I mean, you
had Star Trek actors on your
show. That blows my mind.
Yeah, we were humbled and surprised.
I mean, we had our LeVar Burton show, we had
Manu Interremi, and we've gotten
retweets and a slight
tickling of the Titan testicles from Garrett
Wong, so it's been a ride.
But, you know, in all seriousness, Rob, yes, I
will donate money to the VOG marketing
coffers, but
I never expected when I first
met you that there's this handsome
stranger in the corner recovering from
major surgery that it would turn into a good
friendship, that it would turn into
a podcast that I would listen
to, Orange on the Radio,
let alone guest hosting on
Hoard House, let alone transforming
Hoard House on episode 50, let alone
hey, I'm bored,
I want to do my own podcast
and for something I love,
I love video games clearly, but Star Trek is
near and dear to my heart and
now I have my own podcast, so for
the crew to OLR, you're not
just a forum
for chatting and sharing opinions, you are
the bread and
butter, the template, the
precipice for many other people who've decided
to create podcasts, and
for that, for those indie podcasters
who have taken a lesson from you
and inspiration from you, my
hat's off that I'm not wearing to
you. My condom
off my hard dick to you.
It's a Jimmy hat.
No, yeah. Jimmy hat, exactly.
You're amazing. Exactly.
I also have less than 30 seconds left because I'm actually
going to leave the house because I actually met a boy last night
who's like this chocolate mocha
complexion and I'm working it right now.
What? I actually
am delaying picking him up
for you, Rob.
Oh my god. For you and OLR.
But I have this to say, we are, you know
what, the advertising stuff would
be awesome, especially with DragonCon around the
corner, it would be great to kind of get
the word out and maybe get some new shirts and stuff,
but let me put it this way, it would
mean the world to me, and I'm going to speak on behalf of
Bobby Blackwolf as well, because you threw his
name out there tonight as well without him knowing.
And on a hot second, I love Bobby.
I know sometimes we push back and forth because
it's fun banter, but Bobby
and Rob are the brain children of
Evag, and I love Bobby, and I
push his buttons because I want to get a rise
out of him, either in his sense of humor
or his dick. Stop it. Alright, look.
But here's the thing. I still think that
Jimmy and Victoria should do a podcast called
Bitch Please.
It would mean the world to us
if you would use that money and
come to DragonCon.
When is DragonCon? Labor Day weekend.
It's over a weekend, huh? Yeah, it's in
Atlanta, and I'm almost positive if you
needed a place to stay during the con, I
can work it out with Travis, I'll
beg and plead an ugly cry, and
if Alan says it's okay,
I'll cuddle.
I
am 50% committed
except that that's the weekend before
my NBA international trip.
I mean
it's for all the work I need to do, both work
work for job and packing
and prep and school work to get ready for the
trip. I'm at 50%
because I don't know if I can go from
SFO to Atlanta and
back, and then honestly
SFO to Copenhagen
to Estonia, and then back again.
That's going to be a lot in a short amount
of time, but I will say, I will be
50%, I will give you
a testicle and a cut
and a cut foreskin.
Not the full dick, but like
half of it. Alright, you pervert.
I gotta let you go. No you don't.
You just, I'm adding humor
and ratings. In fact,
Cial in chat right now
said, Grandpa is the sole source of VOG's budget.
Yes, true.
Doc Sakura,
who we may have heard from once or twice in ORLR,
I want me, Grandpa, and Victoria to do a podcast
called Bitch Please. Yes, girl, yes.
See? And Misty says
but Grandpa, at Dragon Con, I'll
fucking be there.
Misty, I've never seen a picture of you,
but I think you're like my second wife.
If Rob
won't cuddle with me, I'll cuddle with you.
I'm not responsible for accidental boners.
Let me get out there. Grandpa, get your filth
off the show. Alright, thank you Grandpa.
Thank you guys, thank you for all that you do.
For the past 600 episodes and hopefully
600 more when we both turn 40.
Rob, we'll look back on this episode
and giggle. Thank you
for keeping it classy.
Alright, bye. Bye
bitches.
Alan Alchemy in chat says, if VOG
ever gets a real budget, at least
$50,000 of it will be set aside for whatever
infractions Grandpa racks
up. Ain't that the truth? Let's get to the phones
because it's lighting up like crazy tonight.
Hi, you're on Orange Knowledge Radio. Who's this?
This is Brad from
Pod Culture. Oh my god, Brad!
How you doing?
Peachy King. Peachy King, guys.
What's on your mind tonight,
buddy?
Well, I'll just call and say congratulations
on 600 episodes.
That is
a fucking big accomplishment, guys.
It's been a long fucking
time. You know, Pod Culture's gonna get there
pretty soon, too, though.
You guys have been, you guys
have been going a long time. Yeah, but we only do an hour.
You guys do, like, three.
Tonight, four.
If you think about it,
it's like $400,
$1,800. You know,
and then you look at some people, like,
I don't know, some of those, like,
Rush Limbaugh, who does, like, what, three or four
hours a day for, like, the past 20 years,
you're like, how is that buffoon still on the
air? Yeah, but he actually likes
listening to himself. It's true, it's true.
Anyway. I could do this for money.
Brad, we couldn't do it without the support
of fine individuals like yourself, and
it's been a pleasure to work
with you through these past few years.
Viewers like you. Well, many people
don't know that Brad is the reason
that Hoard House, like, has a website.
Even though Grandpa jokes
that he's the budget or whatever,
like, Brad was
there for Hoard House episode one, like,
you need help with the website and all that stuff,
so he really helped out with all that. I gotta work on my website
now that I think of it.
Hey, it's
a small price to pay.
You guys have given me
many hours of entertainment over the years
and gotten me
through many, many
rough personal spots.
You know, those times when you're
kind of in a dark place and you
can escape for a few hours and listen
to some fun, and that I'm
eternally grateful for, so thank you guys.
Well, thank you. And, you know, it works
both ways, because there's been some really,
we don't really dwell on it, but there's
certainly been episodes of OLR where
we've been in a bad place, and
sometimes we fake a smile and push through the
show anyway, because we know a lot of you guys out there
need to hear some funny. Sometimes
we've let that side show, and we've
had to air it out a little bit, and you guys have been a
support network for us in turn, so
it's the type of thing that works both ways, and
we're always honored
that, like, when people say
that we help them through difficult periods,
I'm always like, I always thought we made
it worse, but
No, no, no,
no, no, no. Quite the
opposite, in fact.
It means the world.
It's a pretty amazing gig. You guys have
been going for so long, and
it's a hell of an
accomplishment, so congratulations.
Thank you so much. Well, I mean it.
We couldn't do it without viewers like you.
That's so true. Thank you, Brad.
Brad, my friend, any other
words before we let you go?
No, no,
no. Just call and say
congratulations, guys, so
y'all have a good night. Thank you. You too.
Support indie broadcasting, including Pod Culture
Mondays here at the Voice of Geeks Network.
Thanks, my friend.
Later on. Alright.
I really hope that I get
to see Brad at Dragon Con this year.
I think last I heard, he's on the fence about if he's going
or not. I'm hoping. My fingers
are crossed. We'll see. Let's see if we can
squeeze in one, maybe two more calls
before we go. Hi, you're on Orange Launch Radio.
Who's this?
Hola.
You are on
Orange Lounge.
Uh oh. Come in, Tokyo.
Get the boobs back.
Hello?
Okay.
I'm hearing myself.
Please test your connection.
Echo one, two, three.
So another call we go to. Hi, you're on Orange Launch Radio.
Who's this? Hey, everyone.
It's SSJ100 Matt. Hello!
How are you, SSJ100 Matt? I'm doing alright.
I'm doing alright.
What's on your mind, my friend?
So, I'm calling to wish you guys
Happy 600. Well, thank you.
You've been here for a big part of that.
So thank you so much. Yeah, I mean, I didn't
respond to the FUGL question because I was going to
call in and just say briefly.
I think I've been listening
since
some point between episode
69 and 100.
Wow.
Yeah, I mean, you guys
were with me when I was going through college.
I was feeling homesick. I didn't have
any friends because I moved
halfway across the country.
And, you know, over time
I just like, I gained a lot
of friends. You guys included.
Well, thank you. And it was great.
It's been an honor
to me, to meet people.
And I'm sure for Dark Soccer and Loki
as well, but just for me and my travels,
the fact that I can go to New York
City and I'll know people there.
Or I can go to Chicago and I'll know people
there. The fact that this show
has helped introduce me to people, I'm so
thankful for. So yeah, when you talk about
that it's helped you get friends,
it's helped me too. So many.
And
just an FYI for everyone else who hasn't
met Rob. Rob is just as nice as a guy
in person than
on the air.
No, I'm a hideous diva and
you brought me the wrong type of soda and I threw it on
your face and I was like, how dare you.
I have somebody to exchange
special holiday cards
with now.
What was that, what was that
Matt? I heard Dark Soccer talking about holiday cards.
No, I was joking about
they didn't have any
Coke in Boston. They only had Pepsi.
Oh yeah, because it's not Atlanta.
Atlanta's the Coke town.
Alright. Well, anything else on your mind my friend
before we let you go?
No, just keep making episodes, keep making us
laugh, keep making us happy. We're going to try our best.
It has to end someday, but
when we're ready.
Alright, take care my friend.
Alright, bye. Thank you so much. That's great to hear
from SSJ100Matt. By the way, I just got
a text message from Shane
and this text message says
OMG, these people and their lies.
I love it.
Alright, let's get to the call.
Hi, you're on Orange Launch Radio. Who's this?
Hey, what's up? It's Tiger Claw.
Oh my god, we never
hear from you on Skype.
I love that. Oh my god, what is this?
Okay, I know this is
radio so you can't see this, but like
it looks like an actual tiger.
Oh my god, that's cool. That is really cool.
Whatever computer program you're using to do that.
It's like an animated tiger on Skype
and if I were a furry
I would be so into this.
Yeah, they're probably into this too.
Oh my god,
talking to Tony the Tiger. Can you just give me
a they're great.
They're great.
Hahahaha
Okay, Tiger Claw.
And I can wave too.
Oh my god, I love it.
You guys, I wish this wasn't, I suddenly
wish this was a video. I need to get Periscope back up.
Alright, what's on your mind tonight my friend?
Oh, I just want to wish you guys
a happy 600th episode.
I've been listening to you guys for
I don't know how many years since
you first came on All Games.
And
you know, I've been listening to
all this stuff ever since because
there's nothing like listening to
Olar on a Sunday night.
You know, after
the day is ending and all this stuff
there's nothing like just sitting back
and listening to the show and
hearing you guys talk about
whatever that's been going on
in the news in terms
of video games and
anything else that's going on with pop culture
and stuff like that.
Well thank you so much and you've been such a great support
of the show not just through the All Games
years but continuing on here to
the Voice of Geese network and just
you know, you have been a great supporter
and I know you don't just do it for us, you do it
for a lot of hard of working indie
people out there so I really applaud you Tiger
Claw because there's a lot of us that
really count on all the stuff that you do for the show
so thank you so much.
And no problem man, just
keep up the good work and by the time
we get to all our
1000, I think
I'll probably be in my 50s by then.
Us too!
Yeah.
Somebody's got a great idea in chat
is that this would be a fun way
to stream video games
would be to use an app like this
and then you could stream games.
I remember right when that was in testing, I had a
version of it.
I think
Periscope is a pretty neat idea.
My only
thing is that
it's in
portrait mode instead of landscape
but I guess that's for
bandwidth reasons. Yeah, probably
bandwidth reasons and I figure it's still
very very early on. I mean it just came
to Android so I think they'll
do some little changes and upgrades to
it as time goes on.
I mean you could literally use that
app if you were at
a con so you can like, you know
if you want to show people
like a tour of the show floor
or something like that, you can use that program.
Oh, you're going to see a ton of it at E3.
I guarantee it. Yeah, I'm pretty sure.
I can understand why it's like that because
a Periscope is vertical. Yeah, it's vertical
like that too. And you can kind of lift it up above you or something.
I don't know. I think the neat thing about it
too is that it's taking that like streaming
video just one step further in
how easy it is. I mean, for Dark
I literally just handed Dark Soccer the phone
and said, here, press this button. And so she
presses the button and then she just does the live thing
and then you all can watch. It's just so easy.
So, yeah, that was fun.
So we'll have to think about other ways to integrate that into the show
in the future. So, alright.
Well, Tiger call my friend. I've got to sadly
let you go so we can try to squeeze in one more call
but thank you so much for the call. Hey, no problem.
You're welcome and happy 600.
Thank you so much. We'll take care. Take care
of my friend. Alright, you too. Alright, bye-bye.
SSJ100 Matt
in chat says, fun
tidbit. OLR was probably
the first podcast to use Skype.
It's never been confirmed but
they were using it since the beta phase.
That is true and I
I really believe in my gut
we were like one of the
first if not the only one that's still around
that was using Skype but I can't
prove it. So and that's a really big claim
to make. But I know, yeah, we were definitely in
Skype in the beta phase. When you
Microsoft didn't own it. You had to convert
to Euro if you want to get the phones
and all that stuff. So anyway,
moving
on. I think we got one more call here.
Hi, you're on Orange Laundry Radio. Who's this?
Hi, this is Regen here.
Oh, you got in through the phones.
What's up, my friend? Yeah.
Yeah, not much. Sorry about the
follow up with Skype
when I tried calling a few minutes ago but
it happens. Anyway,
anyway, just want to
say congrats on my 600
episode. Thank you. And thank you for
all the fun memories.
Food talk, tangents,
you know, divasets.
I hope we have at least
600 more episodes in
the future so. We're going to try
our best. You know, I made a pretty bold claim
during episode 300 that I sure as hell
won't be here for 300 more and then look at us.
So I'm not going to say I'm not going to be here
for 600 more but
that's a long time, you guys. I'll fucking be like
50 years old if we get that far. So I don't know.
I don't know. We'll see. We'll see.
Rage Hater, I
so appreciate your participation
through the years. You call into
this show a lot and offer
different perspectives and I really appreciate that.
Oh yeah, and I definitely
appreciate your show. It's one of the first ones
I started listening to
and it's
the longest one you want to
still going to still listen to.
And if it weren't for
your show, then
chances are I wouldn't be a PC
gamer right about now. I mean
I remember
you know, for the longest time, well
before I got into PC gaming, you were
talking about scheme sales, scheme sales, scheme
sales and then
you know, when
the shit hit the fan
a couple years ago and you know
I gave my PC and I
said to myself
you know, this guy's always talking about
these scheme sales. I guess I'll check
it out. Lo and behold
a
little bit more
than
just under
700 games later
and two years later
you know, I'm a
scheme addict now. And you know where to find those
deals. You even found the
OLR thing on Typing of the Dead
before I even said anything about
it because I had published it to Friends
only so I could test it on
Allen's account to see how it would look
through the delivery and everything and you found it
and props to you.
Yeah, the thing is
it shows off my scheme
activity feed
and I regularly
check that
all the time because a lot
of the groups I'm in
mentioned giveaways
and just saying dollars so I can't figure
check
my activity fee for any more
scheme giveaways and
see your posts about
the mod
so I can't figure
what the hell is click on it
so
in fact, chances are
later on can now give it a try.
Good luck. You might see
a reference to Reginator in there.
I will neither confirm nor deny that.
But I will say this Reginator, I know
one other thing you definitely reminded
me about in some of your early calls
to OLR was that you don't
have to have the nicest
newest console and all the fanciest
toys to really consider
yourself a gamer and I think
you kind of remind us that there's
so many people out there that might have
missed things like the Nintendo 64
and GameCube or
whatever else who kind of get to experience
that all for the first time, you know
even if it's years later and so I just
you know, thank you for that perspective.
I think that's always been something I've kept in the back of my
mind is that you don't have to play
the newest games to be the biggest gamer.
Yeah,
not only that, but you don't necessarily
have to have the biggest budget.
You don't. You really don't.
Yeah, in fact
I think I've gone on record
at least in CHAPS
over the past year or so
on SSD
that
initially doesn't afford
me a whole lot of money
to take care of stuff.
Even less money
to play around with, yet
here I am with
669 skin
games.
A lot of those I get for pennies
on the dollar if they're free.
At the same token, maybe we shouldn't enable
our audience to get libraries that huge.
I don't know. Alright my friend,
all joking aside, I've got to let you go so we can wrap
up, but thank you so much for the call.
Sure, no problem. Have a nice night.
Take care, my friend. Bye-bye.
Well, regretfully, that's going to do it for the
Skype line tonight. I'm so sorry if you didn't get
through and you were trying to get through. Please consider
sending us an email or a tweet.
Participate at orangelandtrader.com
is where you can send us an email. But here
we are, guys. 10 o'clock Pacific
on the West Coast, 1 AM
on the East Coast. It's time to wrap it up.
We have gone long tonight. Thank you to my co-host
for sticking around. But hey, it gave us time to
burn off all that alcohol. I feel great now, too.
So, thank you
again, and I say this every week,
thank you for supporting Independent Podcasting.
For 600 episodes you've been here
and we could not have made this
without you. And I've said that a million times tonight because
it's true. But if you like what you heard here
at Orange Lawn Radio, you probably heard
there, how did people find this show?
It was either through iTunes, the PSP,
or their friends. So,
tell a friend or two or five about
the show and help spread the word. And we will
continue to be the show where every gamer has
a voice, whether Jamie chooses to wear earmuffs
or not. Alright.
Thank you again so much. It's time to
go around and get everybody's... It's a joke
earlier in the show, Jamie. I know, but still.
Girl.
Girl. Bitch, please.
Bradley, thank you.
Aww, thank you, Matt.
Oh, what happened? SSJ-100
Matt said, I forgot to say openly to
thank you, Jamie, for being my fellow Hebrew
and geekdom. Aww.
I'm a new member of the tribe,
but I'm proud of it.
It's time, is that right?
Yay. To life. I heard that in a
Black Eyed Peas song, and I knew that's how you
said it. Alright, I'm kidding. Alright.
Bradley, thank you for being here.
I love how you just show up during these
big landmark episodes, but you've been a big part
of the crew for all these years, so thank you
for being here. So. God damn it,
Loki, I'm trying to say something nice to Bradley.
Any final thoughts for you, sir,
before Loki cuts you off? Congratulations
for all the
episodes. It's been a great run
so far, and to 400 more
and even more than that.
If it comes to that.
Yeah, heaven, heaven
forbid. If we can do it, and
it's still fun, and we got the drive to do it,
we're gonna do our damnedest. We're gonna do our damnedest.
Alright, Loki, what were you gonna say?
Oh, I was just gonna say, if I ever had one of these
face rig things, I think this is probably gonna be
mine right here.
Is it a hamburger? A talking hamburger?
It was a talking cheeseburger. So that's what Tigerclaw
was using to talk to us. Yeah, that's pretty awesome.
Oh my God, I think I've seen
somebody using that wolf guy before.
Okay, I like that. I've seen a bunch of them,
but there's like some licensed
video game characters for them too. Oh, that's fun.
I'm gonna have to use that on a stream sometime.
That'll be fun. Alright. I wonder if I can use
Blender and make myself a shepherd.
Let's go around and get everybody's final
thought for this, our episode 600
tonight. Loki, your final thought.
So I'm gonna be working on my game.
Hopefully I get it
finished soon. I'm almost
done with this one part, and that's
really what I've been stuck on for the last
four weeks.
We'll work on it a little bit more.
Thinking about
the outro has me thinking about
Jason, and I can't remember if I did or didn't
thank him earlier, so just covering my
tracks, I really want to make sure that I give Jason
a big, big thank you for all the voiceovers
that he does for this show, and
working on the YouTubes and a lot
of the website work that he's done along with
Diekman. So thank you, thank you, thank you,
thank you, thank you. I can't say thank you
enough to all you people that have helped, and I know
I'm forgetting other people, and I'm gonna
feel horrible tomorrow, but
just, you guys are awesome.
Thank you for being here.
Darsakha, last but not least, your final thought.
Reject false icons.
I think that's a good way to end it.
Alright, that does it for this,
the historic 600th episode
of Orange Lounge Radio.
But guys, that doesn't mean it's over
forever. We'll be back in seven days
with episode
601.
Good night.
See you next week.
Thanks for watching.
