Orange, Lounge, Radio
Here's your hosts, DarkSakura, Skie, and Loki
Tonight, May 24th, 2015, Nintendo is ready for Splatoon to win them some new Wii U owners, but one recent test fire may have misfired.
And The Witcher 3 is released, but users on one console should look out for a nasty savegame bug.
All this and more tonight on the show where every gamer has a voice.
Orange, Lounge, Radio
Hello my friends out there on the internet and welcome back to another week of the show where every gamer has a voice.
It is Orange Lounge Radio, tonight with episode number 599 for this May the 24th of 2015.
My name is Rob Roberts, here in Studio N7 in lovely Sacramento, California
to talk about video games, gaming culture, and the gamer lifestyle with my co-hosts.
My hosts say hello first off to DarkSakura, or Jamie Summers.
Meow, meow, meow, meow, meow, meow.
In tonight's episode we will be talking like cats all night long.
Treat, treat, treat, meow, meow, treat, treat, meow.
Anyhow, how are you? Otherwise, DarkSakura.
Caffeinated, thank you.
You're welcome. Hey, thank you. You brought coffee over.
Yes, I found delicious...
The quickest way to my heart is through coffee.
I found the delicious stuff when I was at La Target.
La Target? Target.
La Target, because this is America.
It is, it is.
Also say hello in Studio 2, Techmaster Loki.
Hello.
Hi, Loki, how are you?
I'm fine.
Did you go to La Target today?
No, I went yesterday.
Actually, we needed to get more pants for our son, Daniel.
Oh, you're growing kids.
Well, because he keeps ripping holes in them, because they're like pajama pants.
Because, I mean, he's just a little baby, so.
Sure.
But, you know, because he's walking a lot and stuff, and so he tears holes in them.
Oh, my gosh. I can't believe how, like, all these young, like, the next generation of OLR,
all these young kids we always talk about on the show, before the program, DarkSakura, you were mentioning,
and I hope this isn't too much, like, personal information, but you mentioned you were...
Just don't say what happened.
No, I won't, but you mentioned you were babysitting for a friend, and when I say...
I'm sitting on babies.
When I say babysitting, you were talking about Julian, and I remember when Julian was born,
because we all talked about, he was the six-fingered baby, right?
Yeah.
So we all talked about that, and now you were like...
Do you know a man with six fingers on his right hand?
And you were like, oh, yeah, Julian was watching me play Dragon Age and asking why I wasn't killing the dragon.
It's because I was only level 11. He's like, oh, okay, I get it, and I'm like, oh, my God.
Julian's, like, eight, to understand...
So how good is he at Beatmania?
I mean...
With six fingers?
That should be easier.
That was removed when he was two.
Oh, what the hell?
Because he wouldn't have been able to use his hand with that extra...
Not with that attitude.
Anyway, anyway, but Julian was playing, watching Becky play Dragon Age, and he's actually already into, like, his own MMO.
Oh, wow.
He's playing Pirate 101, which he's really wanting to come on and talk to us about.
That's right. You said he wants to come on the show and talk about it.
Well, what do you think, listeners?
We do tape live every Sunday night at the Voice of Geeks Network, www.vog.network.com, right after the Bobby Black Wolf show, 6 o'clock Pacific, 9 o'clock Eastern.
What do you think, chatters?
Should we invite an eight-year-old on this program?
He's been on this show before.
To review. Yeah, but how old was he?
And he told you happy birthday and gave you the wrong name.
Oh, that's right. I remember that now. The wrong name.
Yeah.
But that was... Wasn't that back at your house? That was a while ago.
That was, yeah, back at my house. He was, like, four.
I'd invite my son, but it's past his bedtime, so, yeah.
Well, then, and I was going to say, the whole reason I was getting into this story is because, you know, Julian is eight, and I remember talking about when he was a baby, and then your kids, like, oh my gosh.
Yeah, he's almost five.
Oh my gosh.
And he's already doing... He's already in the Oculus Rift, so, I mean, we're doing something good there.
Which we talked about on a previous episode. You might want to just make sure it's in moderation when he's five.
Oh, of course. No, he was saying that he was feeling sick to his stomach last night, and so I told him to stop, and he couldn't play it anymore, but he just wanted to, like, play a few of the games on there.
And it's probably he's sick to his stomach because it's running off my laptop, and the frame rate's just garbage, and so it's just like, yeah, I can understand how that might make you feel sick.
But no, this week was introducing them to more comic books, and so I have comic books that are out in my garage that I bought when I was into comic books, and so I was reading stuff to him.
And I have to admit, I don't think I've read any of those comic books that I bought, and none of them make any goddamn sense. Like, who the hell are all these people?
There was a Hulk comic book, and I'm like, who the fuck are all these other people in here? I don't know any of these other characters at all in this.
And my son's like, who is that guy? I'm like, I have no idea. Is he a good guy? I don't know. I don't know if he's a good guy, bad guy, what the hell's going on?
I used to kind of be into comics when I was younger, too. Like, especially the big, they used to sell a lot of the bookstore, like the big, thick, hardcover books of like, Duck Tales comics all like, put together, and like, you know, like a lot of the Disney stuff.
They would sell like compilations and hardcover books. I'm sure some of you guys know what I'm talking about. Or the Garfield books. Those are like a quintessential part of my youth, the Garfield books. It's like, what, 35 books?
The Far Side and Bloom County.
Yes. Yes. The Far Side. The desk calendars every year with the Far Side.
And Bloom County. Bloom County was my other one.
I do. I remember that one.
It turned into Outland. I still, I have a plushie opus, the penguin.
All right. Looking at our chat over at live.vognetwork.com about should we have a child guest on the program. Tiger Claw says, if you invite him to the show, you guys have to be on your best behavior and not cuss when he was around. Last thing you want is your kid learning some new cuss words while listening to you guys do OLR.
He listens to his mom play Dragon Age. I don't think that's a problem.
We would, we would be sensitive to that situation. Of course we would. We would be on our best behavior that night.
Brad from Pop Culture says, hey, comics rock. I never said they didn't. I just, you know, you get to a certain point in your life where you kind of have to choose your priorities. Like what fandom am I going to get into? And for me, it was, it was video games and podcasting.
Yeah. Hey, comics are expensive is more like, you know, more appropriate, I think.
Yeah. Yeah. That too. Uh, but you know, like I didn't really get into anime.
Talking about like, kind of like, you know, um, making you a piecemeal, everything like the one, you know, a few of the comics I was reading, there's, you know, all the little caption things in there where it's like, you know, this, you know, to learn more about this, you know, read this episode or read this issue of this, it's continued in this issue.
And it's like, holy crap, this is like fucking DLC shit. You know, it's like, oh, you want to get the cool story? Well, you gotta, you gotta purchase this comic too that you don't really give a shit about or, oh, you should have, you know, to get the backstory on this, you need to purchase this comic. Yeah.
Uh, Tiger Claw in our chat room also says, speaking of Disney, did you guys see Tomorrowland? Um, not yet. There is, okay, this is so funny because I feel like the first like four or five months of this year, there was like nothing coming out that I wanted to see.
There was like really like very few movies I had any interest in seeing. Like, there's just like a lot of stuff was coming out that just for me, didn't really look that interesting. And I rarely get out to movies.
But like right now, oh my gosh, I want to see like everything. I want to see Picture Perfect 2. I want to see Tomorrowland. I want to see that Mad Max, which I had no interest in before, but like I'm hearing nothing but positive things about it because
It makes me actually happy that the men in this are mad with it.
I had heard about that. I heard about that, but you know what? I just, I hear it. Everything I've heard is that it's like a 98% of Rotten Tomatoes.
I snuck out to the new Avengers movie.
Did you? And I want to see that. I still haven't seen that.
It's okay.
Yeah. So I've heard it's not as good as the first one, but it's still worth your time.
It's okay.
Yeah. Okay. All right. So I think, I think Alan and I are actually going to, we may go out tomorrow. I'm not sure yet. But I think we're actually going to go see Mad Max first, just because of all the
Probably your best choice.
Well, for the big screen too, we figure, because it's the action movie. Something like Pitch Perfect 2, we can watch, you know, with friends on the TV when we've been drinking, like we did the first movie, which I think we saw on like New Year's Eve one year.
So, you know, those kinds of movies can wait a little bit, but yeah, I think we'll end up going to see Mad Max.
So, let's see, going to our chat room for some other comments over at live.vognetwork.com.
Let's see, Act F is saying, I've been hearing a lot of bad stuff about Tomorrowland and I want to see it. And Mad Max, everyone is raving about it, but I really have little to no interest in seeing it.
I was at that point because I associate Mad Max with Mel Gibson and I'm like, oh, he's a crazy person. I don't want to go see his movies, but
But, but, but Tina Turner.
That's a good point. That's a very, that wasn't even a great Mad Max movie, but Tina Turner.
That is the best possible retort for that comment I'd made.
Really, really one of the reasons I want to see Tomorrowland is because Hugh Laurie, hello.
Oh, nice.
He's in it. I don't give a shit about George Clooney.
I have no idea what it's about.
Clooney's awesome too, but you know, I don't know, it looked interesting. I don't have high expectations for it. I just think everyone was thinking like, maybe they had high expectations for Brad Bird.
Yeah, I don't know.
And last, this will be the last comment on movies and then we'll get to game, I promise.
Act F says, I don't know what Pitch Perfect is and I don't care about it.
And Black Wolf says to Act F, Glee the movie.
I actually, see here's the thing, I don't like that Glee TV show.
I tried to get into it. I watched about half the first season and then like, it kind of just fell up its own ass for five years.
Uh, yeah.
I just, I couldn't really get into Glee at all.
Pitch Perfect was kind of dumb, but it was one of those like, dumb, funny comedies.
Like, Romy and Michelle's High School Reunion, or it's like one of those very quotable, stupid comedies.
That's why Pitch Perfect, I think, is really like, funny.
And yeah, okay, they sing and stuff, but there's differences.
Like, I think Glee took itself way too seriously.
Pitch Perfect kind of knows it's a big, stupid movie and, you know, handles itself appropriately.
And you gotta love Fat Amy.
Very quotable. Very quotable.
Anyway, um, let's get away from movies and talk about games as much as we love movies.
We're here to talk about video games.
And for tonight's kickoff topic, you know, we talked about how the future of OLR and so forth.
But, uh, funny enough, over the weekend was a really big anniversary of a very important gaming franchise that I think a lot of games probably owe something to.
And if you've been paying attention to gaming blogs, you probably know I'm talking about Pac-Man.
Pac-Man celebrated its 35th birthday over the weekend.
So I thought I'd kind of bring that up and talk to you guys about, do you have early memories of playing Pac-Man?
Because we're kind of all in that age, we're like all in our mid-30s, where, you know, we were all kind of old enough to remember when Pac-Man was new,
but we were like Josh's age and Julian's age when Pac-Man was kind of all the rage, right?
So, uh, Darth Sockra, do you have early memories of Pac-Man? What was one of your first memories of playing Pac-Man?
Uh, Godfather's Pizza.
And Pac-Man on roller skates, which is still to this day the only way I can play Frogger with any type of skill. Just letting you know.
That, okay, I'm gonna just like piggyback off you because that's my earliest memory of Pac-Man as well, is the roller rink.
Uh, and how 80s is this answer, right? But it was playing Pac-Man at the roller rink and they used to play the song Pac-Man Fever while you could actually like skate around the rink.
And so I just, I have an early childhood memory of skating around the roller rink to Pac-Man Fever and then playing Pac-Man.
And that, I mean, for those of our listeners that like aren't old enough to remember when Pac-Man was like huge,
like it's no joke, like Pac-Man at that time was like Pokemon is now. For real. Because like there was a Pac-Man cartoon, I remember that.
There was a Pac-Man board game that I owned that had like marbles. It was all marbles everywhere, right?
Uh, and then the Atari 2600 version of Pac-Man was set up to be like the biggest event game.
Like it was, even before E.T. I think was Pac-Man and it was really set up to be that first big event video game that like everybody had to own Pac-Man, right?
And then, you know, we all know how Pac-Man turned out because of some of the constraints that were put on the developer of the Pac-Man Atari cartridge.
Namely that he was only given four kilobytes of space to do Pac-Man and the limitations of the 2600.
He could only draw the ghosts, like one ghost every frame, that's why they flicker, right? And so he was constrained with space.
So it turned out like completely not like the Pac-Man arcade experience at all, but when you're five years old you kind of don't give a shit.
You're like, oh it's kind of Pac-Man.
Exactly, that was Mike's first, well I don't know if it was my first experience, but that was like the majority of my experience was on the 2600 and I didn't care, it was Pac-Man.
Yeah, it was still Pac-Man.
Close enough.
When I was a kid though I played a lot more Casey Munchkin, seriously, because my neighbors had Odyssey 2.
That's right, and that got into the famous conflict with Pac-Man.
Did they ever have a version of Pac-Man on the ColecoVision?
There was Mouse Trap.
That was their, but Mouse Trap was different enough where it wasn't going to get sued.
Mouse Trap was to me a lot more fun and I was really good at it, because I had a ColecoVision when I was a kid.
You know what Mouse Trap reminds me of is Super Pac-Man for those that have played that, because Super Pac-Man has the gates, the doors a little bit, and the dots aren't everywhere. It's a little different, like I don't know.
Well, Super Pac-Man is one of those games that actually if you have the pattern to it, you can just constantly beat it over and over again, like with no problem.
Mouse Trap, my favorite thing to do was to shut the cats in the little boxes.
Yes.
And my goal was to get all four of the cats in one box.
And on the Atari 2600 where I played Mouse Trap, they made a hideous noise when you did that.
They made a type of noise, like you have to picture the 2600 very like chip noise.
I liked the sound of the ColecoVision when you turn into the dog, it was like, like that. And then you go, meow, like that. It was great.
Tigerclaw sent a link from the pacmanmuseum.com, I didn't know that was a site, but he actually linked a picture going, is this the board game that you owned?
And yes it is. So this picture I'm looking at here, I had this, it's like a bunch of marbles and you had the four, this is so funny because now you see how some of this predates Pac-Man Battle Royale and stuff, right?
So you had those four Pac-Man and they actually, those little devices could eat the marbles as they go. It was like two pieces of plastic tied together and you could eat the marbles.
And then you would get back to your home base and you dump the marbles out in your container.
And it was like who could collect the most marbles. It was hungry, hungry Pac-Man. Kinda. Yeah. And I don't remember how the ghosts moved. I don't remember if it was random or if it was cards or opponent's movement. I don't remember the rules.
You probably, I'm assuming that each ghost on there was controlled by one of the players and so you would use. Maybe. And don't, don't forget there was the Pac-Man cartoon. Yeah, there was that.
That wasn't all that great but it was wonderful. There's a new Pac-Man cartoon that, the ghostly adventures or whatever that my son actually got into for a little bit and then got out of pretty quick.
I remember talking about it on the show that that was going to happen. Yeah, it was in as terrible as I thought it would be. That's pretty neat.
So anyway, yeah, just to kinda read from one of the stories here on the various gaming blogs this week. Pac-Man was released on May 22nd, 1980.
And of course Pac-Man had spawned many, many games and sequels from that. I mean we didn't even bring up Ms. Pac-Man which was in every, like, really one of the first video game sequels that I remember that surpassed the original in every single way.
But I do believe that it started off as a Pac-Man mod. It did. It did. Wasn't it Pac-Plus or something? Something like that. Yeah.
And then of course, as far as sequels go, a cult favorite I know of, Jamie and I, we love this game. I don't know if Loki's that familiar with this.
But every year when, like, California Extreme or there's some, you know, big gaming event happening where they get all these old games in one place, I am looking for Baby Pac-Man.
Baby Pac-Man. Half pinball, half game. And yes, I know neither one of them are particularly good, but it's the novelty. No one curries.
We're gonna play it and don't judge us. That's the thing I want. And not even Loki's MAME machine can do Baby Pac-Man. Like, that's the one thing I want in life is a Baby Pac-Man machine.
I want to say that, um, PinMAME. Oh, I bet. I was supposed to have had a version of it. I bet. But, um, because you know PinMAME just basically emulates the board of the rules with its physics.
So, I want to say that PinMAME had a version, but that's the only other one I can think of.
Dungeonbuster in chat saying Pac-Man had its own cereal. That's right. I remember that.
It was awful.
Tigerclaw in chat saying there was also Junior Pac-Man. That was the one that had the first, where they had like the scrolling board. I think it was like three boards horizontally and it would scroll.
Because I remember Roseville Golf Land had a Junior Pac-Man machine. When we, like back in the early days of us playing DDR there. Believe it or not.
So, uh, let's see. Also, uh, of course Pac-Man lended the way. It was one of the first big video game mascots that there were.
And so, you know, after Pac-Man that brought us things like Donkey Kong, Mario, Sonic, Crash, you know, all these, you know, huge video game icons, uh, later on.
So, uh, there it is. Now also in Pac-Man news, not necessarily to celebrate the 35th anniversary, but you know, pretty close.
Uh, there is a new mobile game being worked on called Pac-Man 256. Uh, so for the 35th anniversary Bandai Namco said that Pac-Man would show up in some different places.
And, uh, the Crossy Road developers, this is an endless Frogger game that was out on mobile. Crossy Road is creating this, um, I'm sorry, Hipster Whale is the name of the developer. I love that name.
They are making the game Pac-Man 256. It's gonna be a free-to-play game and it's based on the glitching of level 256 in the original Pac-Man, which I'm sure a lot of you, uh, gamers that are in tune to the blogs and podcasts and so forth are aware that if you play Pac-Man to the 256th board, there's something about that whole fact that it's a power of two, you know, and that was as many levels as the memory could hold.
When you get to board 256, the game fucks up and like the maze is half there and half gone. And so it's a very, very famous glitch and I'm sure you can look it up on YouTube if you've never seen it.
So it looks like they're gonna make a game kind of based out of the glitch. So that's kind of cool. So keep an eye out for that soon.
There it is, Pac-Man 256. I did want to just also throw out there, I think I heard Steam was having a big Pac-Man sale this weekend. I haven't logged into Steam.
But I know that Pac-Man Museum game was on sale on Steam. Oh, no, it was on Humble Bundle. It was on sale for like five bucks a couple weeks ago.
And then it was on sale on PlayStation 3 for five dollars during the last Sony Flash sale and okay, I might have bought them both.
But it's a good collection of the necessaries. You know, it's got the original Pac-Man, it's got Super Pac-Man, Pac and Pal, which is kind of awful actually. I didn't like that one at all.
Pac-Mania, Pac-Land, which you've talked about on the show before in the Game of the Week. That wasn't that long ago.
And then it actually has Pac-Man Battle Royale, the arcade game is actually in it, which I thought was cool, and Championship Edition, the original.
Not Deluxe Plus, because they're still selling that separately, but the original Championship Edition is still in there and that's a really good Pac-Man remake.
I mean, Championship Edition is so, so good. So yeah, there you go. If you want to revisit Pac-Man, there's a lot of sales going on to acknowledge the 35th anniversary.
But the original you can find in many places around the internet. I mean, remember when Google did the playable Google logo with Pac-Man in it? I'm surprised they didn't bring that back for the 35th anniversary.
They did it for April Fools again this year.
Oh, did they?
It was on Google Maps.
It was the map.
Oh, that's right, it was the map. That's right.
But you can go to any of Google's old things, they're still up there.
Yeah, you can still play the Google one, and I think the map thing didn't go away, it's just hidden. Like, you have to know the URL to get it, but you could probably Google it and find it, so there you go.
Awesome. Let's see, Tigerclaw, Tigerclaw is very chatty in our chat room tonight, saying they had a Pac-Man 35th anniversary celebration this weekend.
There's a video that shows Billy Mitchell showing Toro Iwatani the level 256 invincible run.
Well, that's pretty awesome. Act F saying there actually is a gaming bar in Chicago called level 256, and it opened on Friday for Pac-Man's birthday. That's pretty rad.
Well, I'll have to ask my friends in Chicago how that's going. My buddies over at Koopa Club live out there in Chicago, so I'll have to be all, have you gone to 256 yet? What's it like? I want to report.
Anyway, there you go.
So, for our gaming weeks, let's get into that. Our gaming weeks, every week we want to talk about what types of video games have we been playing this week.
Dark Soccer, how was your gaming week?
I played the worst Capcom game ever, and I, I, I don't know what I expected when I played it, because it was a Capcom game I've never played before, oddly enough.
I played Mega Twins, and I thought, oh, this is going to be fun. It kind of, you know, cutesy graphics, and maybe it's going to be like Three Wonders or something.
No, it was a bunch of crap, controlled awfully, and on top of that, of course, it was the emulated version that's on the Capcom Classics, the thing is the Generation 2 disc.
So, yeah, there were some Knights of the Round that went on, also some, what was the other game? There were some Three Wonders that went on.
Strider, played some, so basically it was just playing through the Capcom Classics collection.
Um, and then, um, there was, uh, I actually didn't play any Final Fantasy XIV this week, because I've been doing stuff, I've been playing a lot of Dragon Age Inquisition again, because I have decided that Solus can go bite someone's butt, that the cult and romance is better.
Don't judge me.
Wow, you've quite done a 180 on that. You used to be Solus, Solus, Solus.
Well, no, I like it, and I like the tragedy to it, but the cult and romance is just a lot more rewarding.
I will probably roll a female character just so I can do the cult and romance.
Do it with an elf.
Cult and romance is kind of dreamy.
With an elf. It's just really great.
The other thing, too, though, is that, now keep in mind, I loved his character in every other game, so having him as, you know, a big part of Inquisition just made me really happy, because he was so stupidly adorable in Origins with running away and everything if you flirt with him.
And, yeah, I've been very happy. Happy little fangirl. Plus, there are hair mods now, and they actually look good.
Alright. There you go, Dark Soccer's Gaming Week. How about you, Loki? Did you get to play anything this week, or are you still working on your own game?
No, I'm still working on my own game, but I did play a couple things. I mainly just tried to go through some of the stuff I had on PlayStation Plus, so I played a little bit of Racist Son. That's pretty fun. I like that game.
And then, also, my wife wanted to see what Peggle 2 was, and so I showed her that, and she's like, oh yeah, that's right, I remember that game, though.
I like Peggle. It's Plinko.
So I played a little bit of that, and it's kind of just okay. What else did I play? I think that was literally it. I just played those two games.
But you got your cat working in your game, right? The cat that races you? I thought you fixed that.
No, I did not quite. I'm still, on the fourth or fifth time, redoing everything on that. I think this time, though, I should get it. I changed a few things.
Alright.
But yeah, it was working, and then I went to incorporate, because it had the script split. I had one where it was kind of the movement, and it had another part for the ragdolling and stuff.
I'm like, I'm just gonna put it together. Didn't bother to back it up, which I should have done, and then it just didn't end up working out correctly, so I had to redo it a few times.
But I just haven't gotten a lot of chance to work on it. I've been really tired, so I've been just going to sleep instead of staying up late to program.
But I'm hopefully gonna finish that soon. I've been working on it just ten minutes at a time.
I gotcha. Alright, well, my gaming week. I've still been pretty busy IRL, but video games are a very important way for me to de-stress and decompress, so I have been trying to make time for games here and there.
Just a little bit of the usual suspects. I play Final Fantasy XIV and Heroes of the Storm pretty much every week. I at least dabble in them a little bit, even if it's only two matches for the week in Heroes of the Storm. I play a little bit of that.
But as far as other stuff goes, I've been playing probably most of my gaming time has been the Final Fantasy X HD remaster on PlayStation 4. I did pick that up on PlayStation 4.
Yes, I owned it on 3, and I bought it on 4 anyway because A. I'm a consumer whore, B. I'm a Final Fantasy whore, and C. When I watched some live streams and saw how it looked on PlayStation 4, especially the fact that I bought a new TV not that long ago, I was like,
oh man, the refresh rate looks so good, and the colors really pop, so I was like, ah, screw it. I'm just going to buy it. So I did, and I actually don't regret it because I do notice the nicer textures and everything.
And y'all know I have the worst gamer ADD, right? I try to play a game, and I'll get through a chapter or something, and then it's like, ooh, shiny, a new game came out now that I've got to play.
I've really been trying to clamp down and really work my way through Final Fantasy X, so I just got to the Thunder Plains, which is I think sort of the halfway point, because I have 13 albed books, right? So there will be 26 of those, right?
So I think I'm kind of at the halfway point, so I might make it, you guys. I might actually get the whole way through the game and get that trophy that says, congrats, Rob, you beat a game. You had the attention span to do it.
So let's hope, let's hope. But other games, and then I can move on to Final Fantasy X-2, which I've played maybe the opening scene of that game previously, and that's it.
So I would really love to play X-2, because I love the dreshsphere and that whole concept, so I really want to play X-2.
Other video games I've played this week, I have dabbled in just quickly a few other things, and when I say quickly, I mean real quick on The Witcher 3, which was the big release this week that came out on Tuesday.
I did set that up on my computer. I just wanted to make sure, you know, it looked good with the specs and everything, and I used my little, what do they call it, the G-Force experience that has all the preset.
Like, you have this video card, this processor, so here's, I'm gonna set your settings, best possible for this game.
So I did that and ran Witcher 3, and I gotta say, it looks real good. It's a real good-looking game. It is a very pretty game.
Disclosure, this is a comp code from the publisher given to me at last E3, because I remember at E3, I actually sat and watched the presentation that they did, where they played a little segment of the game where they were showing, like, basically a quest from start to finish.
And I remember sitting there going, wow, the art direction in this game is really good, which isn't usually what I walk away from with a video game, like, wow, I had great art direction.
But, like, The Witcher was so good in that department, I remember walking out of there going, wow, that is just, like, not only is it a good-looking game, but the way it moves is really good-looking.
Like, just the way it transitions from scene to scene, like, it's one of those things you really have to kind of see it to understand what I'm talking about.
But yeah, in playing the full game now, I'm still seeing that, like, even in the opening sequences, like, and I don't consider this a spoiler, because this is literally the opening movie of the game.
But, like, seeing the woman in the shadow, we'll say, who's kind of, like, moving through the battlefield, and then you see the main character, it kind of, like, fades back and forth, like, past, present, past, present.
Like, the way it kind of, like, fades back and forth is really cool.
And then, yeah, just, I played just through the tutorial, the little opening sequence of the game, just to kind of get a feel for how it would run, but I didn't want to play too much, because, again, I'm trying to focus on one game at a time, people.
So, but I, just even in the opening sequence, I was like, wow, this is just a, this is a really good-looking game.
The only thing where I was like, okay, this may be problematic, where the controls were, like, okay, I use what key to what again? Like, you use the WASD, and then it's like, okay, you use E for an item, and then, like, there was a thing where it was, like, press S and space, and I did it, and I literally, like, back vaulted off a cliff.
And I was like, why didn't you tell me to do it? I think it meant to say S or space, something like that, I don't know.
So, anyway, some of the control things are a little eh, but I think that's just because it's so intricate as to what there is. So, we'll see.
Bobby Blackwolf in chat saying, I plugged my 360 controller to my PC. I might go back through the tutorial again and do that.
I found that MMO gaming has really made me a keyboard and mouse guy, but I'm thinking for The Witcher, I might really appreciate controls. So, we'll see.
Dungeon Buster says, I'm still getting used to the combat controls. Had to remap one or two buttons to my mouse to help.
Yeah, it's, this is like, okay, the left button does this, and if you hold the left button, it does this, the right button does this, and the middle button does this.
I'm like, okay, wow, shit, there's a lot. So, anyway, that was The Witcher 3. I do want to play more of that game, one game at a time, for now.
However, there is one other game I played a little bit of, and it's another new release from this week, and I think it's the one you might have forgot came out this week.
On the 3DS, Puzzle and Dragons, the combo Puzzle and Dragons plus Puzzle and Dragons Super Mario edition came out. You're applauding over there, Dark Soccer. I didn't realize you were a Puzzle and Dragons fan.
Yep. I haven't really played it, but I like watching pictures.
Oh, we talked about the YouTubing and all that last week, so. Well, I've only played, so it's a two games in one cart, or I did the digital download because I had money still on the service, so I was like, whatever, I'll just buy it digitally.
So, I have the puzzle, it comes with two games in one, Puzzle and Dragons Z, which admittedly I haven't touched yet because I went right into the Puzzle and Dragons Mario edition, because I wanted to see how that worked.
And it is a match three type of puzzle game, but what I find, and for those of you that are playing this for the first time and getting used to this game, it isn't so much about matching three or matching four, because you can move any piece anywhere on the board, but this is the crucial component.
As you move the piece, every other piece behind it swaps with it, so when you do a move, you can kind of zigzag around the board to swap multiple pieces and set up combos, and that's the trick.
And if you want to get past the first world, you have to start to learn how to set up combos by the way you drag your items around the board.
And I think the first time I played Puzzle and Dragons, I kind of wrote it off as, well I don't get it, it's like Bejeweled, but they attack things, whatever.
But now that I'm having to learn about how to be better at it, to beat some of the stronger monsters, you really do have to really think about how your dragging items around the board, and it does add a little bit of depth to it beyond Bejeweled and so forth.
The colors that you match, depending on what kind of people are in your party, like Mario might be red, and then you pick up a green Koopa Troopa, and depending on what colors you line up, they'll do that type of attack.
But then part way through the first world, I got a Mario that was yellow and red, because Super Mario has light and fire powers, so he does both types of attacks.
So you have to really think about how to configure your party, and then the super moves, so there is a lot of thinking you have to do in the game.
I thought it was going to be more of a pick up and play, and oh this is kind of a...
I don't like thinking.
I don't like thinking, I just wanted something, I wanted Bejeweled Blitz, one minute, fast, done, you know, in and out.
But no, I'm not really knocking the game for that, it's just, beware, it is something you have to kind of think about and manage your parties and all that stuff a little more.
And Eric RPG in chat is asking, did you play the Z portion?
Not yet, but I will try to check that out this week.
Again, I've been a little limited in my gaming time, and as you can hear, I've kind of spread my time across a lot of different games this week, but I really am trying to focus on the Final Fantasy X.
I would like to beat a fucking game this year at some point, thank you very much.
Even if it's a game that's like, what, 13 years old at this point, as old as this show.
Alright, so that's it, that was my gaming week.
Let's get into some housekeeping tonight.
First off, the obvious, next week, here on the show, May 31st, our sixth hundredth episode of Orange Lounge Radio.
You sort of get to a certain point where you're done throwing yourself a party, so we're not going to make too big of a deal out of it.
But we are going to, you know, we'll have some extended time next week for you guys to call in, so please, if you haven't participated with us live before, next week would be a great opportunity to listen and call.
I've heard from some people that haven't talked to us in a long time.
They'll want to call next week, so that should be a really exciting segment next week, because we're going to talk to some Blasts from our past and so on, so that's really cool.
And then we're trying to get some guests here in studio, some familiar faces from the past few years of OLR.
I don't know if we can go all the way back 12, 13 years, but if anyone's still out there, certainly I hope they'll stop by.
So we'll have some guests from all the different years of OLR.
Just stop by and talk about, not really ourselves, I mean, inevitably there'll be a little bit of that, but I really just kind of want to hear, I think we'll use next week's episode as, let's talk about how the past decade in gaming has really changed things.
Because if you go back to the early years of OLR, when this show first started in 2002, I mean, not just the fact that we were about music games only at that time, but if you think about it, 2002 was a year after the PlayStation 2 came out, right?
The Xbox was like just coming out. So I mean, think about how far we've come in just that last decade of gaming and how specifically online has changed gaming big time.
So we'll talk a lot about kind of like the decade in retrospective on next week's episode, episode number 600 of our show.
We do hope those of you guys that only listen to us on the podcast will try to make an effort to be here live next week so we can try to talk to some of you on a very special show.
That is going to be again, May 31st next Sunday, episode 600, six o'clock Pacific, nine o'clock Eastern.
Look, you can DVR Game of Thrones this week or whatever it is people watch Sunday nights.
Is that, what else is on Sunday nights that people watch? I know, I know.
NASCAR.
NASCAR, DVR NASCAR.
Simpsons.
Simpsons, DVR it. Download it, pirate it. Just kidding.
Just kidding. All right. Other housekeeping.
Of course, I have to mention, it is a long weekend. It is the Memorial Day weekend.
So I just want to tip my hat and say thank you to those because I know we have service men and women that listen to this program.
So I just want to take an opportunity to say thank you for all you do.
I do realize Veterans Day is more supposed to be for the now serving folks and Memorial Day is supposed to remember those that have given up their lives defending this country.
However, I think we can thank service people every day if we want.
So I do want to thank not just those that have paid the ultimate price in defending this country and our right to free speech and the fact that I can say fuck this shit on this podcast and nobody will come to my house to arrest me.
I'm very thankful for that. So thank you to all that have served in the military as we remember the fallen on this Memorial Day.
And one other thing I want to mention in our housekeeping segment and then we'll get into some gaming news tonight.
The Voice of the Geeks Network is sponsoring a little convention that is happening in Atlanta.
And I say little, but it's not really little because everything in the south is bigger.
It's the Southern Fried Game Room Expo running June the 19th through the 21st.
The network's very own Bobby Blackwell will be there. He'll be on a couple panels.
And he's going to be with some guests such as Billy Mitchell.
You know, that guy from that movie going to be at the Southern Fried Game Room Expo along with lots of classic arcade games.
I'm hoping, Bobby, I want a picture if it happens. I'm hoping you all get a baby Pac-Man down there.
If you get a baby Pac-Man, I want a picture. Thank you very much.
And play around for me. So there it is. Check that out.
If you happen to be in the Atlanta area or anywhere nearby where you can get in the car and head on over,
Southern Fried Game Room Expo, June 19th through 21st.
I want to apologize because I really, I was going to make a last ditch effort to get out there.
Like the more I was hearing about it, I was like, I just, fuck it. I'm going to go to Atlanta.
But unfortunately, real life and obligations.
So, but there is Dragon Con, so I will be out in Atlanta for Dragon Con if nothing else.
So if you want to talk to me specifically, you've got to wait for Dragon Con in the Atlanta area.
But Bobby will be there for the Southern Fried Game Room Expo.
And yeah, so check that out.
ActDeft in our chat over at live.vognetware.com says,
Black Wolf should get a Pac-Man amiibo and have it signed by Billy Mitchell.
That's a very cute idea. I like that idea.
Good luck getting the Pac-Man amiibo, but I hear some of that might be getting better, actually.
I think that was ActDeft even that took the picture, or had the picture, he didn't take it,
but he had the picture on his Twitter of some random Toys R Us in Kansas or something that was just,
oh my god, Greninjas everywhere, like all along the bottom.
So it seems like maybe some of those supply issues are finally being addressed.
We'll see. Fingers crossed.
If I can get my NES, I'll be so happy.
But I've kind of given up on that at this point.
Oh, I'm sorry. God, see, I fucked up. It's Lucario, not Greninja, sorry.
I don't know my Pokemons. I can't tell the difference.
It was Lucario, wall to wall, not Greninja.
Greninja's not out yet. Greninja's the one that's coming out on Friday, right?
My bad.
Pokemon fans everywhere writing emails to the show right now.
I hate you, Rob Roberts. Learn the difference.
Alright.
Shane's gonna call.
I know. I will probably get a text message in a minute.
And you know what Shane will say? I literally told you this yesterday, that you were mixing the two up.
Because he did. I was having the same conversation with him.
I was like, oh, you might be able to get your Pokemon.
Because he posted that picture and you're from Kansas.
I'm surprised you didn't send somebody out there to get you one.
He's like, that's because it was Lucario and not Greninja.
I was like, oh.
Gosh.
God. Tell the difference.
Geez, Rob.
Geez. Alright.
Oh, by the way, happy birthday, Shane. His birthday was yesterday.
Yes.
There it is.
Alright. Let's get into some actual gaming news for the night.
Starting off with Loki.
Alright.
So, this is kind of cool.
And not totally unexpected considering that this is going to be a big part of their platform starting hopefully this year or next year.
But Sony has actually opened up a first party studio for development of titles for,
well, I guess what they're calling right now Project Morpheus.
I'm assuming it's not going to have that name when it comes out.
But it's the Northwest Studio in the UK.
And they actually have some job postings for that.
So, hey, if you're interested in developing for VR titles, maybe you should apply.
So, is this possibly telling us that Sony is investing, like they're making a big investment in this?
That they really see VR as the future?
I don't know.
Because, I mean, I don't remember a PlayStation Move focused studio opening up.
Well, true. But they did kind of go all in with 3D.
I mean, they have that stupid TV that they put out and everything.
True.
But I don't know. I don't think it's a bad thing.
I think that they're probably a little bit more confident that VR is going to take off considering the buzz surrounding it right now.
And everybody's kind of jumping on board on it. So, I can see that.
I just hope, you know, again, I'm always cautious with this stuff because I just don't want it to get like it's one of those fads that comes and goes.
Like Kinect, honestly. Like, I hate to say it, but Kinect is kind of really fizzled out.
And I think that's just because it hit this point where people didn't really know what to do with it outside of aerobics and dancing games.
And it's not, I mean, they were trying. I mean, some people were trying.
Because, you know, Child of Light was a very different type of experience.
But then nobody bought it, unfortunately.
You know, and then there were some other games too, like the Disney Fantasia thing, right?
Yeah, but that got delayed.
And I saw it on the clearance rack at Fry's. I almost bought it because I was like, well, I'll get an Xbox One eventually.
So, I was a little bit like, I kind of actually was like, oh, it's kind of sad to see it there.
I mean, yay sale, but oh, that means that game kind of came and went.
So, unfortunately, you know, so I just don't want that to happen to VR because I do see it as something that's a little more exciting.
Now, the good news is VR can be more than just games.
And I've talked on the show about how some of the experiences that I've seen with that, with like the Gear VR,
when Bobby had his thing at PAX East and everything, like some of that was like, oh, concerts or Cirque du Soleil.
Okay, this is kind of cool. This is different. And it wasn't games, but it was another type of experience.
And Sony specifically would be very interested in that. Why? Because Sony doesn't just have PlayStation, right?
Sony has an entertainment division, a movie division, a music division.
So they're certainly invested in maybe other ways that VR could be utilized.
Anyhow, Akuma JP in chat over at live.vognetwork.com says, I bought Child of Light.
It's not that good. That's why it's not selling. Ouch. That's harsh.
I think I got that dirt cheap though.
I didn't think it was bad, but I think the biggest problem with Child of Light is that Res HD was also on Xbox Marketplace for $20.
And then you had Child of Light for what, $50 or $60, which was a very similar experience.
I had a little more to it, but I think the problem is, you know, you were like, why am I paying $60 for this one?
It's almost the same thing I paid $20 for previously with just the Kinect thing in it.
And I think that was the biggest problem that game kind of had.
But I didn't, I didn't, I liked it, but I just hope they, I hope those get re-released VR, like in VR.
Oh yeah, you think maybe?
That would be awesome.
It does seem, now, you know, I, we don't need to do everything in VR, but I could see that one in particular,
especially like on rails shooters, I think would lend themselves pretty well to that, that type of environment.
Yeah, let's just get like that, Panzer Dragoon.
Pokemon Snap.
Pokemon Snap would be pretty cool, yeah.
I need Nintendo to make a Pokemon VR game.
This is why I'm hoping the NX, remember our tinfoil hats last week?
We said, ooh, maybe the NX is VR.
I, even though I don't need that many people in the pool, I still kind of want that to be like a VR type thing,
where Nintendo is going to give me Pokemon everywhere.
Anyhow.
BobbyBlackWolf pointing out Child of Light I got on PlayStation Plus a few months ago.
Oof. There it is.
Oh! Hell, am I getting the games confused?
Oh, Acti- my god, I can't tell anything apart tonight!
Child of Eden?
Child of Eden, not Child of Light. God damn it.
Yes, I'm thinking about Child of Eden, I'm sorry.
I got mine for six bucks, it was a digital download code that I got with my eBay bucks.
You know, when you buy a lot of shit on eBay, they give you money, and so that's what I spent it on.
I'm like, I'm not spending one penny over this amount of eBay bucks.
So I was like, what's the coolest thing I can get for six dollars? Ooh, that's pretty cool.
Yeah, so it was Child of Eden.
And that was the one that Alan tried to buy it for me, and he found it on eBay for like $30.
And in the mail from China comes this package that has like a really horrible color printing,
and it's like, it's Assassin's Creed.
And it's not like, it's totally a pirated game, it's not even going to play on my Xbox.
I was really, I felt bad for Alan, because he really tried, he was just trying to get a good deal,
and then he got swindled by a pirate on eBay, I felt really bad.
Home and PayPal claim.
Yeah, well I think he did, he ended up going through that whole thing.
AkumaJP saying, I had a brain fart too. Thank you.
See, AkumaJP knew what game I was talking about, even though I called it the wrong damn thing, so.
It was close, it was close. Sorry about that.
Will I be able to tell the difference apart between two games or two characters tonight? We'll see.
Well hopefully I know something about Splatoon, because Splatoon isn't even out yet,
so it's too early for me to get it confused with something else.
And Splatoon, I'm interested in this, I played the little test fire thing last week,
and I enjoyed it, and I had a good time with it, so it wasn't really on my,
it was on my radar, I guess I could say, but it was on my, oh maybe I'll get that if I'm bored list,
but now it's on my, no I'm gonna make sure I get that, I'm gonna walk into the store day one
and walk out with a copy of Splatoon, because I liked what I played.
So, this coming from Nintendo UK, but this is certainly probably a sentiment that's shared by Nintendo worldwide,
is that they believe they're gonna pull in Nintendo fans who have yet to purchase a Wii U with Splatoon.
From the marketing manager, Chandra Nair, believes that the game will appeal to Nintendo fans still on the fence
about buying the struggling console, and this could result in improved sales for the Wii U console.
In a quote, if you don't own a Wii U, you need one for this game.
And Mario Kart 8, Pikmin 3, Super Smash Brothers, The Legend of Zelda Wind Waker HD, Bayonetta 2, Hyrule Warriors, and so on.
Well I'm glad you've listed every single game that's on your platform, thank you very much.
We're targeting Mario Kart 8 and Super Smash Brothers owners, but we're using this opportunity to talk to lapsed Nintendo fans too.
Wii U has a fantastic software lineup, and there really is something for everyone.
There are a whole load of non-Wii U owning lapsed Nintendo fans out there who will be tipped over the edge by Splatoon.
That's wishful thinking. I'm a pretty big Nintendo fan. I love Nintendo games, but I'm not buying the console for Splatoon.
It's a good game, but it's not selling me a console.
I kinda, yeah, I hate to say it, but it's not that I agree with you because I do own a Wii U console,
but I'm not sure Splatoon will be the game to do it.
I think Splatoon, I think that quote works best when he's adding it to a long list of games that are out that are fantastic.
And by the way, Loki, he didn't name every game because he didn't mention Mario 3D, which is amazing, but anyway.
I'm sorry, most games on...
Specifics aside, my point is that, you know, Splatoon is going to be, I think, another great title on that list.
And it's almost becoming like Nintendo is like this Pixar where they don't ever make bad games.
They make good ones, or at least ones that are okay, like Cars 2 or something, you know what I mean?
Like, I think Splatoon is gonna kinda add to that list of games.
But I sorta think that people that were on the fence were gonna be brought in by Mario Kart 8 or Super Smash Bros.
Like, I kinda think those were the games that were gonna win people over.
I don't see where Splatoon is suddenly, especially a new IP, is going to win somebody back.
It's more of adding value to the console.
So maybe somebody like Loki is sitting here going,
Well, the Wii U only has two games. It only has Mario Kart 8 and Super Smash Bros.
And those are the only games I really want.
Well, maybe they're hoping Splatoon will kinda be that extra thing that tips the scales in the favor of somebody buying them.
Well, yeah, definitely. That's the whole point.
You wanna have, you know, you don't wanna...
It's hard to justify a purchase of a console if there's only a couple games that you wanna play on it.
You know, if you add more to it, like, if you get more games on it, like,
Ooh, I got happy because of this, this, this, and this instead of just this and this.
So it helps, but it alone is not gonna sell the console.
You know what would really tip the scale and really move consoles?
$50 off the price.
Yes.
That'll do it.
That would definitely help. And also, Zelda coming out already.
Loki, I will point out for those that think Loki is nothing but a hate boner for Nintendo,
I will point out when I said $50 off, Loki smiled.
He said yes. Very yes.
But not yet, because Zelda's not out yet.
So, going to some comments from our chatroom over at live.vog and network.com.
ActDef says, I have Splatoon preloaded on my Wii U.
DarkTetsuya says, I've got my copy reserved, so hopefully I'll get it ASAP.
Sounds like we're gonna need a little fight club, a little paint club going on here at VOG for Splatoon,
even though we won't be able to talk to each other.
Splatoon DLC presented by Sherman Williams.
Let's see, Kaijudo in chat says, my one problem with Splatoon is it's so much fun that I would love to play this with friends in person,
but the game doesn't have LAN or offline multiplayer.
So if they ever take the game offline, you have less of a game.
Ooh, that's a good point.
And Nintendo has taken games offline.
Like Mario Kart 6, is it, on the Wii?
That one doesn't play online anymore.
Nor does 5, the first DS one, doesn't work online anymore.
Let's see.
Kaijudo also says, I think Nintendo did enough market research to know that Splatoon is going to sell units.
We'll see, we'll see.
Act F says, you can get Wii U bundles for 250 US dollars now, and people still say, it's too expensive.
It is too expensive.
See, here's the thing, Act F, there really is something in the mind.
There's something in the mind that flips, and that's the whole reason why you see things sold for $9.99.
Or, you know, I don't know if the same thing is true of pesos in Mexico, because I know you're in Mexico, but I would imagine it's similar.
Or you see things all the time for $99.99.
Or, you know, if the Wii U goes down to that price of $1.99, I think that's, for some people, it's going to be a switch.
And it's one of those, like, really hard things to explain, but it's just how people spend their money, honestly.
So, also about Splatoon, I do have to mention this, even though it's a bit of a sore point.
But they did have a Splatoon test fire yesterday, from 3 to 4 o'clock Pacific.
It actually ended up getting extended an hour to 5 o'clock, because they had a lot of problems with it, and a lot of people weren't able to get into the game when they wanted to.
And I saw Twitter kind of blowing up about this yesterday.
Honestly, I was out and about, I was playing Ingress yesterday while this was going on, so I missed it.
I was getting exercise, we walked all around downtown.
But anyway, I missed this whole thing when it was going on, but I kind of looked at Twitter and I was like,
oh wow, people are real mad about something, people are real mad about this.
And then people are getting mad at the people getting mad, because they're like, entitled gamers, lol, sit down, shut up.
Which, you know, okay, it was a free test, so clearly they were testing something that gave them a particular result.
So, I don't know, I find it hard to get upset that it didn't work, because I think it still gave them good data,
so that way when the game actually releases on what, Friday?
Hopefully it will function a little more like those first few test fires, and it will be fine.
They added this one later, my thought is maybe they were testing something different, and that told them it's not going to work.
So they have to go back to the method they used for the first few tests.
We'll see, I don't know.
Splatoon says it was only down for maybe 45 minutes at best, it wasn't a major thing.
Well, when it's only scheduled for an hour and it's down for 45 minutes, I mean, I can see why people were like,
well, come on, what's going on? But at the same time, it's free, and it was a test, and you tested it,
and the test produced that result.
I think Splatoon will be just fine, though, by the time it releases.
I think most people had already made up their mind on if they were going to get the game or not.
So, alright, let's move on with some more news.
DarkSakura.
Well, there is a little bit about The Witcher 3.
It is a big, nasty thing happening with that.
Basically, there is a huge bug in the Xbox One version.
It's that, basically, it's a save game bug.
So, the problem going on is that right after you die in game, you restore from your load,
and then it takes 20, and then it doesn't let you go past the click any button to continue screen.
It just locks up and loads and loads and loads and loads.
And then when you reach the loading menu, it doesn't show the recent save.
It's freezing that way.
Uh-oh.
Yeah.
That's not good for a new game.
One of my Facebook friends got hit with this, actually.
There are two workarounds that were put out for it, but hopefully they're going to get it resolved soon.
I noticed my PC version of the game already patched, and the game just came out Tuesday,
and there was already a big old patch that downloaded.
So, I'm sure the team is on it and looking at it, but still, oh my god, if I lost my save file...
There's a big reason why I actually really, just even more now, am really liking playing games on my PC or on my Mac.
Well, it could always hit the PC versions. You never know.
But I always do multiple saves.
Like, you know, every game, maybe every two hours I spend in a game, like Final Fantasy,
I have kind of like every brand new, you know, I'll create a second save file and do that.
So, that way I have two saves where like, okay, either I'm going to lose 15 minutes or two hours,
but I'm not going to lose the whole thing.
I make it a point, actually, that when I'm done playing for the night, I actually keep two copies of my save folders.
Like, especially for Dragon Age, Mass Effect, because you can find the save files easily.
And I don't let Origin save a backup, because it has every so often overwritten.
Ooh.
So, I save all my backups local.
Actually, I was going to say, I hit a bug in Final Fantasy X HD Remaster.
I forgot to mention this. I did hit a bug in that game.
Luckily, it didn't impact my save files, but thank God I do save, you know, every few, you know,
pretty much every save sphere I come across.
But I was doing that fight, and for those of you that have played Final Fantasy X,
it's the one fight in the game where you get to have Seymour in your party.
So, like, you know, every Final Fantasy game sometimes has, like, you get to use this character for one fight only.
So, it's the one fight in the game where you have Seymour in your party.
It was the fight just before that that leads into that fight.
Like, the game, for some reason, didn't transition after that fight.
Like, I killed the boss. You saw the boss kind of collapse in its corpse, and it just hung.
Like, it didn't move on to the net. Like, it started up the cutscene, and then the cutscene, like, didn't jump.
And I couldn't figure out, is that because I pretty much single-handedly killed that boss with Yuna's summon?
Like, what did I do?
So, I tried the fight a different way the second time, and I was fine.
But still, I mean, you know, that's a game that's 13 years old and ought to work fine,
but it didn't on the, you know, something changed in that HD remaster, and it got a problem.
So, thank God I saved.
AkumaJP in chat over at live.vognetwork.com says,
Kids, nowadays, in our time, we had to start all over or leave the console on all night.
That's the only way to play Rygar on the NES. Remember Rygar on the NES?
That game is, like, hours long and has no fucking save points or password systems.
I'm trying to think, what other games were like that?
No saves or password systems, the game is too fucking long to do in one sitting situation.
And you said Rygar already?
Yeah, Rygar was the one that comes to my mind.
You, like, have to leave it on overnight.
Was Battletoads one of those just because you die so much, or do you run out of continues?
Battletoads, I mean, there's no real way to continue that.
I mean, I don't know, maybe there was.
I'm just trying to remember the other games that you had to leave on all night.
I just know Rygar was the biggest offender.
And Dark Tetsuya says, I was just thinking about that game when Akuma said that, Rygar.
Oh man, I kind of miss that game.
Rygar on the NES was so different than the arcade version too, like, it's kind of weird.
But anyway, I'm totally digressing.
Well, maybe we'll see an awesome Games Done quick run of Rygar.
Maybe. I'm surprised they haven't done one yet.
Anyway, let's move on.
Maybe they have, I don't know.
Let's move on, Loki. AkumaJP is pointing out a lot of Japanese games do that.
Ah, so a lot of ones we may not have even got over here.
All right, Loki, what do we have next?
So, harebrained schemes, they put out, what was it, the Shadowrun games.
I think that's right.
Yeah, so they put out the Shadowrun games, had some pretty good success on Kickstarter.
And now there's hints that they may be rebooting one of their old franchises that they worked on.
And what could that be?
Well, two franchises that come to mind.
One being Battletech with the, what was it, Mech Commander, and then Crimson Skies.
So, maybe.
One of the quotes that they said was,
We're not going to say yet, but one of my old children may be coming home to roost.
He's really just talking about chicken, I'm sure.
It's like, what? I was pretty obvious with that.
But yeah, they've just put out another original game called Necropolis,
and they may be going back to try to reboot another franchise.
That'd be really cool. I'd be down.
Honestly, I know that they have MechWarrior online, but I would like a new MechWarrior game.
Especially now, matching with the new technology now, it's going to look fucking awesome.
Is that something you want to see in VR?
That would be something in VR, yes.
Not to be that show that's like, put everything in VR, but you've got to admit, something like that.
From someone that used to play in the pods at Virtual World and play MechWarrior and that shit.
Oh my god, can you imagine nowadays?
That's why you've got to go to DragonCon, because they fucking bring that shit to DragonCon.
I would love that. I was terrible at it, but I loved it.
Who cares?
It was just awesome.
Can you imagine now, if you did something similar with the processing power that these games and PCs have?
It would just be amazing.
That would be pretty rad.
I could see something like that coming back.
I think it's time for a mech franchise to rise back up.
Hey, uh, Sega.
I understand that you haven't really had a lot of franchises that have done well for you besides Sonic,
but maybe it's time to bring ChromeHounds back.
You never know.
Maybe it's time to bring ChromeHounds back.
Maybe.
Or you know what? I'll tell you what.
From software, I'll go ahead and take another Armored Core, because I know there will be another Armored Core,
and an Armored Core VR game would be pretty awesome as well.
Go to our chat for some comments over at live.vognetwork.com.
DungeonBuster says, ooh, Crimson Skies.
Let's see.
Also, they're still talking about Rygar in the chat and Kaijuto saying they did a remake of Rygar.
It was called God of War.
Yeah, the Rygar Battle of Argus looked pretty cool.
I just don't think it was that great.
That was the one on the Wii, yeah.
Yeah, but it is a neat idea.
I thought it looked really neat.
So, well, there you go.
I guess maybe that's the classic IP we really want rebooted.
Screw all this next stuff.
No, you need to have a Smash Bros. game with old NES IPs in there.
Oh, good luck getting everybody on board with that.
The trademarks of half those characters are up in the air.
Come on, you're Nintendo.
All that it is is like, hey, we're going to put Rygar in our game.
Come on, come on.
What if we had Battle of the Barbarians and it was Rygar and...
Can we have like, you know, let's put like...
Wizards and Warriors.
Let's put Fester in the game.
Come on, we're Nintendo.
You want to do that.
How long ago did it take us to figure out, like, who would have the rights to make a new Guardian Legend game should they actually make one?
Like, that IP exchanged hands like four or five times.
The company who has it now probably doesn't even know that they have it.
Oh, yeah, shit, what's this?
Oh, hey, that's what that dusty pile of paper is.
Holy crap.
That might be a list list we have to do in the future, just saying.
We haven't done one of those in a while, so we'll see.
Hey, you know, I don't know if it's still going, but remember they were asking for DLC ideas for Smash Bros., so there you go.
Oh, there you go, you can submit Rygar or something.
I submitted RuPaul. We'll see what happens.
I would love to see that. That would be amazing.
Me too.
The crowd would go wild.
I was like, what the hell?
I still want the...
Shantae, you're gonna pay.
I still want the clumsy Wiimote guy.
Oh, yeah, I saw something out of that for Tumblr.
That would be great.
The Wiimote silhouette.
I was surprised Monita is nowhere to be found in Smash Bros., from what was supposed to be the Wii Sports of the Wii U.
Oops.
But I thought for sure we'd see Monita.
Can we have the actual Wii console?
You never know.
And launch discs.
That happened in one of the other fighting franchises, right?
No, it was Star Prodia.
That's it.
Where you play as a flying PC engine that shoots out HuCards and CDs.
Act Efton Chat says, Monita is a trophy, not an assist trophy, though.
Okay, Rayman's a trophy. Come on.
That doesn't mean Rayman won't end up a DLC at some point.
I still think that's something that could be in the future.
Anyway, we're talking about old-school Nintendo, so what better time to talk about the Nintendo World Championships.
That's right. You might have heard last week.
It is coming back, and we were wondering, okay, well, how's this gonna work?
Because there's not a lot of time until E3.
So, if they're gonna pull this big event like the World Championships out of thin air, how the fuck is this gonna work?
I mean, it shouldn't be that hard.
I mean, it's not like they're gonna have some sort of shortage on locations or anything that they could do.
I mean, it's not like that stuff's locked up in a port authority or whatever the hell excuses they're gonna use.
Well, Loki, there are eight Best Buys that you can qualify at in America.
Eight of them.
Did someone let Nintendo know there's more than eight Best Buys out there?
Eight Best Buys will be having qualifying events on May 30th.
That's next set, this coming set, six days away from the taping of the show.
May 30th will, at eight Best Buys, be qualifying you for the Nintendo World Championships, which is June 14th in Los Angeles.
And what games will be in the qualifier?
I noticed the way they phrase this, too.
They say the qualifying competition is this game.
Here's my thought.
I'm gonna tinfoil hat this, and then I'm gonna go back to the story.
This tinfoil hat is real important.
The way this is phrased is talking about the qualifying event is going to be the ultimate NES remix on the Nintendo 3DS.
They're having the final event at E3.
What does this tell you?
They're going for a Super Mario 3 moment that, like, they're gonna unveil this at E3 or something,
and that's the game the finalists are gonna have to play.
Now, are you ready for the ultimate tinfoil?
You ready for my tinfoil bodysuit?
Because I'm gonna make a bold fucking prediction that none of you are ever gonna...
It's Mario Maker. Mario Maker has its own levels.
No. No. Even weirder.
My prediction for what they're gonna unveil at E3?
Super Mario Bros. 4.
And that's what it will be called.
That's stupid.
And I just have this weird feeling, because it's everything that lines up, right?
That's how they did the Mario 3?
I did like the tweet from Fred Savage saying, how can you get to that competition?
Because that's pretty awesome.
And I'm not even looking at chat right now, and I'm sure they're saying things like,
but there's World is for...
No, no, no, no.
Nintendo can number that shit on.
Nintendo can number whatever they want, and I have a feeling that might be their big,
what's a game we can make quickly that will move Wii U units?
Super Mario 4.
Except it already exists.
It doesn't make any goddamn sense.
Super Mario World.
No, no, no, no, no.
That's exactly what I literally just said.
That does not count, because Nintendo can go back and remember whatever they want.
Listen, Nintendo's retconning Super Mario 4, and they're gonna, you know...
But...
Hmm.
I still... I'm always gonna consider that to be the fourth in the series.
I know, I know.
I'm sorry.
This is Nintendo, you need to think lower.
It's gonna be Super Mario Sunshine 2.
I just...
It'll be new Super... It'll be Super Mario 3D Land or 3D World 2 or some shit like that.
And look, I am fully admitting, I'm probably wrong.
That's why I'm saying this tongue in cheek with the tinfoil hat.
Why whip out the Nintendo World Championships, and why do it...
Kinda half-assed.
If there isn't some type of common denominator here.
Like, I'm just saying.
Anyway.
You could be right, it could just be, oh it's Mario Maker.
It's Mario Maker.
They're gonna have to play a Miyamoto design level in Mario Maker.
They're gonna have to play asshole Mario in Mario Maker, so they're gonna...
Ha ha, fuck you.
Alright, anyway.
So let's see.
What else did we want to say on this?
Okay, so the Ultimate NES Remix...
Yes, I would love for them to do something awesome, but...
I don't know.
Ultimate NES Remix from the Nintendo 3DS, which means it will be score challenges for Mario Bros., Mario 3, and Dr. Mario.
Because Nintendo can't really do the Tetris thing anymore, and Rad Racer was never a Nintendo game to begin with.
So these are the games you get. Mario Bros., Mario 3, and Dr. Mario.
So you can practice there now.
The top scorer from each of the eight regional competitions...
One top scorer will get to go to the final event in Los Angeles, which will be a multi-round competition with a variety of Nintendo games.
So it's gonna be different...
Excuse me.
Different when they get to the finals.
An additional eight competitors who will be selected by Nintendo will also compete in the Nintendo World Championships 2015.
We will reveal those competitors in the near future.
I wanna see some fucking speedrunners win this shit.
Well, I'm thinking Nintendo's probably gonna invite, and I know this is weird to say considering the tumultuous history they've had,
but I'm thinking that's why they're going to invite some famous YouTubers and streamers.
I think we'll be some of those other eight.
Vomit!
I mean, seriously, that sounds...
It's like...
No, please don't. Please don't.
Have some goddamn respect for yourself, and don't.
Listen, you took this stance where, you know, these people should be fucking, you know, kissing your ass for having the ability to play your games on stream,
and you're collecting profit from them.
Now you're gonna be like, we need you to help promote our game!
Come on, you can't fucking do that shit. It's annoying.
So again, eight stores, two of them in California, one in San Francisco would be the closest one for us on Harrison Street,
so right in the heart of downtown San Francisco is going to be where the entire Bay Area can qualify for this.
Nope.
Hell to the no.
A, there's no fucking way you're gonna be able to park down there at all.
I mean, okay, sure, you could take transit or whatever, but B, it's going to be a shit show.
I mean, there's one location for the entire Bay Area. Do you know how many nerds live here? Like, for real.
And, you know, seriously, I think, and have something like that with only eight locations held at a Best Buy,
it seems like a mistake. I mean, that's why that shit was fucking held at a goddamn Coliseum last time,
was because that's how you hold all those people.
Also in Miami, Florida. Torrance, which is in the LA area.
They're doing that. You know why they're doing that shit?
Let me finish this. Let me finish this.
I'm sorry.
Schaumburg, Illinois, which I'm assuming is the Chicago area.
Maple Grove, Minnesota, which I'm assuming that's near Minneapolis.
St. Paul must be, because otherwise it's weird if it's out in the middle of nowhere.
Long Island City, New York, which would be the lone New York stop.
Dallas, Texas, and Tacoma, Washington, which, you know, would be, I guess, representative of Seattle and Redmond,
where Nintendo America is located. That's it.
And I have this weird feeling this is going to be another instance of too much demand, not enough supply.
I am just waiting.
Oh, of course it is.
I am waiting for the stories of people showing up to this event.
You know why?
They don't even get to do it.
They want that fucking news footage.
The goddamn stupid news footage where there's nothing fucking going on.
But where the fuck are all these nerds lining up at Best Buy for?
Oh, let's talk about Nintendo.
Let's get that on the fucking news so we can talk about Nintendo, because E3 is right around the corner and they're so relevant now.
It's fucking stupid is what it is.
It's all in what?
They want the fucking news footage of showing all these people lining up because, oh my God, it's Nintendo.
Dr. Sakura?
Thanks to IkumaJP, we've started talking about Hard Gay.
What does that have to do with anything?
He said Super Mario Brothers Hard Gay Edition.
Simmer down and chat. Be on topic.
I would totally love to see Hard Gay as one of the DLC characters in Smash Bros.
That would be great. I want Hard Gay in the game.
What are you all doing to the show?
Or was it Sentai, what's the guy that has the fucking underwear over his head or something like that?
Oh, another wrestler, right?
No, it's not a wrestler.
Are you drunk on a Friday?
It's like a Super Sentai show, but it's Hentai something or other.
Hold on, now I've got to find it.
Okay, I don't know how the fuck the World Championships turned into Hard Gay, but only on this show.
Dark Sakura, I'm going to ask you, would you go to-
Hentai Common, that's what it was.
Would you go to lovely San Francisco Best Buy to participate in the Nintendo World Championships?
Maybe.
Why? I would expect you to say hell no. Why the maybe yes?
Because I like playing Nintendo.
Is it the event? Is it the fact that it's an event?
Yeah, I can get my street passing done.
Okay, you can get your street passing done. I guess there is that.
If I were single, had no family, and no responsibility, sure, it sounds like a fun idea.
But I do, and I'm not-
You want to take the whole family?
You can have dinner at Bubba Gumps, go to Pier 39.
I would like to protest that having children should not equate having a family.
I have a family, and I have no kids. Just saying.
I'm just saying, dragging them with me would just, no.
Yeah, I get it. Me dragging Allen around is different.
I'll just bring Midna with me and everyone will go, oh, she's so cute.
And I'll distract them with her adorableness and win.
Bobby Blackwolf in chat over at live.vognetwork.com says,
I would have gone wearing my 1990 gear because I'm a semi-finalist.
Well, they have to let you in now.
Joke's on you, Bobby. There's no one near it. There's not a one anywhere near Atlanta.
What's the closest one to Atlanta? Miami? Dallas?
Both of those have got to be like 10 hour drives.
Like 10, 14 hour drives away. There's like nothing near Atlanta.
But Blackwolf says Miami, which is 12 hours away.
No thank you.
To register participation for this week's episode of Orange Lounge Radio at vognetwork.com,
use the passphrase SCREEN.
Alright, let's move on. Dark Sakura.
Well, there is a birthday going on, and it's not just Pac-Man.
Sorry Pac-Man, you're getting upstaged.
Bioware turned 20.
That was actually as of the 22nd, but hey, who's counting?
Still just a child.
Well, you know. But Bioware has given us fantastic things,
but one of the little known facts about the found...
I guess it's not little known, I guess kind of everyone knows it by now,
but the people that founded it were doctors. So that's fun.
And it's the, I'd probably say the second best export from Canada.
Rush is number one, Bioware is number two, and number three is Lannis.
I gotta say...
Is that for real?
Yes.
I guess beat Celine Dion? Good for her.
Well, everybody beats Celine Dion, she's awful.
As doctors, how much calibration would you say that they do?
As much as they medically need to.
But yeah, other, you know, basically they've given us really, really great games.
You have Baldur's Gate, Neverwinter Nights, Star Wars Nights of the Old Republic,
Jade Empire, Mass Effect, Dragon Age, the Star Wars Momo.
I was just gonna say, if they would just fucking try and build a Tim Hortons in the United States,
like they could have a new number one export, I'm just saying.
You could just fucking try building a Tim Hortons here, and you're gonna see it becomes the new top export.
Tim Hortons is in parts of the north of the US.
Oh, Canada-adjacent places.
But if we have a Tim Hortons in California, I don't know, I don't think it would quite beat Rush.
Because, I mean, Rush does give us the best drummer in the universe and the best bassist in the universe.
But Rush is also going on their final tour.
What if they put Rush in a cage?
I am sad because I have missed them.
They'll be a Blu-ray.
No, no, no, no, no, you don't understand.
Maybe it'll be a VR experience.
I have to see Getty.
I don't know what to tell you.
Wine.
Well, see, maybe that's the reason why they're on their final tour,
because after the tour, they're gonna be locked into a cage in the new Tim Hortons that's gonna be in California.
Alright, sounds good to me.
Okay, imagine just walking into a Tim Hortons and there's Rush.
I'm like, holy shit.
I think I'm dead now because I probably have just gone to heaven because there's donuts in Rush.
Oh, and look over there, it's everybody from BioWare-ever.
Oh, and Alanis Morissette.
I've stumbled into Canada.
The only thing that would make it better is if Bieber gets deported.
That would be great.
Bieber and Selene get deported.
But he apologized.
It doesn't matter, he's still a shit.
We're sorry.
Sorry.
He's still a shit.
Alright, happy birthday BioWare.
Now give us the next Mass Effect game already.
That's it.
Alright, let's travel around the world and check out some release dates.
Coming soon to a game store near you, unlike Tim Hortons' donuts.
Yeah.
This week, not much.
It's just Splatoon on the Wii U and Arkania, The Complete Tale on PlayStation 4.
That is all.
I imagine things are pretty dry until E3 at this point.
It's been pretty solier to begin with.
It really back-loaded and everything.
Didn't it seem like everything got pushed backwards?
Everything got pushed back to this year?
What happened to that?
Did they get pushed back again?
It got pushed back even further.
Clearly.
It's like trying to make room in your closet.
It's like you just gotta shove stuff to the side and then you put more stuff in.
Oh crap, I need more stuff in there.
Shove more stuff to the side.
Well, I want to see what those stealth E3 releases are going to be.
Because you know there's going to be some...
That's the day and age we live in.
There'll be something on PlayStation Network and Xbox Arcade where you can just download...
It's out right now.
I'm sad.
I don't have paid time off.
I would so want to stay home.
And we're still waiting.
We're still waiting.
You know there is a PC press conference this year.
Gabe could walk out on stage.
Go Half-Life 3, bitches.
Drop the mic.
Drop his pants if he wants.
Walk off the stage.
That's that.
Half-Life 3, bitches.
Go play it.
And then E3 would be over.
Like literally cut the power.
Just cut the power.
In fact it would just be so epic that he would drop the mic and then they would like open
a door on the ceiling and mics would just fall out from the ceiling like confetti onto
the stage.
Just all the mics just all dropped at once.
Hopefully you don't want to get horrific.
I'm sorry, just the image of...
It sounds like a scene from Family Guy where he drops the mic and then a trap door opens
and other mics fall from the ceiling.
Moving on to Japan.
Checking out releases coming out over there.
On the PlayStation 4 this week, Wolfenstein The Old Blood makes its way to Japan on May
the 28th.
And on the Xbox One, Wolfenstein The Old Blood as well as Psycho-Pass Sentaku Naki Kofuku
comes out in regular and limited edition.
This seems to be only on the Xbox One.
This looks like some type of...
It looks like it might be like a crime drama type of game.
Where you have some different leads there.
Like what are those kind of interactive graphic novel games.
But that looks like it's exclusive to Xbox One.
Or it was very delayed in coming out there.
I don't know.
On the PlayStation 3, some Assassin's Creed games are getting price reductions on the
28th.
So is Disgaea D2.
And then also Mobile Suit Gundam Extreme versus Full Boost.
So you have a few price reductions happening over there this week.
On the Wii U, finally we have a release to talk about.
Splatoon in Japan.
They get it a whole day before we do.
So have fun and don't break the servers before we get there.
On the PlayStation Vita this week, there's still a lot going on on the Vita in Japan.
Possession Magenta comes out in regular and limited edition on the Vita.
As well as Nobunaga no Yabu Sozu with a power-up kit.
I wonder if that's because it's online.
So maybe the power-up kit is some type of digital redemption.
Because I don't think it actually means an AC adapter.
I think it's some type of online Nobunaga thing on the Vita.
And then Hanayaka Kana Waraga Ichizoku Gento Nostalge comes out this week in Japan on the Vita.
Lastly but not leastly, on the 3DS, we have Tribe Cool Crew The Game.
Miku Daioh Deluxe Hatsune Miku Project Mirai Deluxe comes out this week.
And there is a new 3DS cover plate for that DS that we don't have here but they have in Japan.
It is a Splatoon cover. That is the 60th cover that they have released in Japan.
Which we have none of those here and some people are very bitter about it.
Dark Sakura UK releases.
On the 26th is Ultimate Street Fighter IV for PS4.
And on PS4 and PC is Magica 2.
On the 28th is Subject 13 for Mac and PC.
And the 29th is Hatsune Miku Project Mirai Remix.
Please look forward to it.
Yes, please look forward to it.
Alright, just a few more stories for you guys and then the classic game of the week.
No, it's not Pac-Man. That would be too predictable.
And we already talked about that. It's something very different.
But we'll wait on that until we talk to Loki with another news story.
Yeah, so they showed off a trailer this week for a reboot.
Not sure which number reboot this is.
Of Need for Speed.
And they're saying it's basically going to have a lot of detail to the game.
Deep customization.
They're saying that it's going to have an authentic urban car culture.
And open world racing.
It looked pretty, but once again, I see where it says in engine, but I want to see actual gameplay.
You know what I mean?
Before I actually get excited about it.
But it looks nice.
So maybe you'll have to check it out.
I'm excited to try a racing game that's kind of made for the newer consoles.
As opposed to something that's going to be cross platform with Wii U and Playstation 3 and stuff.
So I want to see them really push that technology. So that's exciting.
Remember, a lot of these games look really cool in videos.
But then when they come out.
For example, Project Cars looked pretty good.
And I don't know if that turned out as well.
Drive Club, for example.
Yeah, Sony's going to be...
When are we getting that Drive Club demo, by the way?
Is that ever happening?
I wonder if that'll be Sony's little E3 surprise.
Although, I don't know if I'd want to mention that on stage.
I think Drive Club is one of those things that's best.
And it sucks, because I know people worked really hard on this game.
But unfortunately, it just didn't work out.
And I think it's one of those things they just need to quietly put out there.
And we're done.
Because I wonder if Sony's going to hold on to their June Playstation Plus games until E3.
Because didn't they do that last year?
They didn't announce what they were until at E3.
Well, they've been pretty behind when it comes to announcing what games are on their platforms.
I imagine because they're working out the deals right up to the last minute.
But I don't know.
Because it used to be the other way around, kind of with Xbox.
But it's been pretty good. We'll have to see.
Well, speaking of early things on Xbox.
If you are an early adopter of Windows 10, the Xbox app in Windows 10 is getting a June update.
Which will be adding game hubs.
This is similar to the Xbox One, where it will show you what friends have played the various titles that you have.
And whatever their recent activity is in that.
There's also a game bar, which will let you record video clips and screenshots.
And you can trigger these with custom shortcuts now.
And there's an avatar app that will now load automatically when you do customize.
Again, this is all in Windows 10.
Where it's going to interface with the Xbox One.
There will also be better friend management.
You can sort cloud-based game clips.
You can turn on and off the Xbox One from inside the app.
So there you go.
And who knows what they might add to this at E3.
Game streaming still highly anticipated.
But not part of this update.
But Microsoft does say that testers can submit anonymous diagnostic information about PC and network settings.
So that they can fine tune those features.
I wonder if that's one of those things that's going to be an E3 surprise.
We'll see.
So there you go.
Let's go back to a classic time.
We're going to go back to a classic time in games when video games didn't freaking interface with your Windows 3.1 installation.
It's the classic game of the week.
Dark Sakura's going to step into the gaming vault and find a game that she thinks, hey, you kids should be respecting this game this week.
She's already talked about Pac-Man before.
So let's talk about something else this week.
So Dark Sakura, what is the classic game of the week this week?
Knights of the Round.
It came out by Capcom in 1991.
And I played a good bit of this when I was in high school.
It is a side-scrolling beat-em-up.
Kind of sort of based off of, you know, King Arthur and the Knights of the Round table.
It has a level advancement system.
And you can get upgraded to different weapons and armor as you go up in level through the game.
So basically it's Arthur learning how to be a great knight and he has Excalibur.
So he goes off with his buddies Lancelot and Percival to go beat some guy named Garibaldi and unite England.
Yay.
So yeah, basically you walk around beating stuff up, tearing up the countryside for treasure.
And basically it's just another fantasy hack and slash.
I mean, this is a, I would almost put this kind of like a spiritual successor to King of Dragons.
But it's really just, you know, kind of the usual formula.
You, you know, you beat up guys, you get treasure, you find some food, you have special attacks, you have counter attacks.
And if you, if no one attacks, you also have a block with this too so they can actually drop their guard while they go.
So you have to block in some cases.
You also have a desperation attack so that if you press both of the attack and jump buttons at the same time,
then it will clean up most of the enemies on the screen but you will lose some health.
So the characters that you have of course are Arthur, who is the balanced one.
And he has a slow powerful attack and he has Excalibur and Wu.
Lancelot is very pretty, I mean he's very fast and pretty.
And he's really good for maneuverability, really good for his range as well.
And then you have Percival who is the strong man in the game so you've got that.
The game is, you know, I'm gonna say it's kind of a solid game for Capcom but it is one of those classics that you sort of see floating around and people don't always appreciate it.
It did come out on the Super Nintendo which I included the music for the Super Nintendo one, Rob.
Oh, you want me to flip over to the Super Nintendo?
Yes, please. Because the music in it actually, in my opinion, is better than the arcade because of the sound processor for the Super Nintendo.
Let's see, I'm skipping ahead here to the character select screen. Here we go.
Huh, I kind of hear how different it is.
Yeah, different instrumentation but I actually kind of like it better.
It really amazes me how similar this game is to Final Fight but with swords, you know?
And I know it all kind of ran on the same hardware.
And even you hear it in the music, this very much sounds like my all time favorite on that hardware was Magic Sword.
So I definitely hear a lot of that same synthesizer and stuff in here.
And the thing is that this was, I believe, that the SNES one was the only home release for this.
Until we got the Capcom Classics Collection for, sorry, Capcom Classics Collection Reloaded for PSP.
And then Capcom Classics Collection Volume 2 for PS2 and Xbox.
And for the record, Magic Sword has been referenced in relation to this game as well.
So, there you go.
I picked a solid one. Just solid.
It's like having that reliable friend.
You can always rely on Knights of the Round.
Yeah, good pick.
There it is, your classic game of the week, Knights of the Round.
I've played this but I've never beat it.
So one of these days we're going to have to sit our ass down and beat it.
That'll be fun.
We need to have a Capcom day because I want to play through Magic Sword again too because that game is so much fucking fun.
Well, you can come over. I've got the Capcom Collection.
You can come over and I've got, not the Capcom Collection, but I'll find it.
Rob, you get a nice 5 out of 10 for that.
You tried, Goldstar.
We're going to take a quick break.
When we come back, there is plenty more Orange Lawns ready to come,
including the Fugu Question of the Week where we asked you guys about some Pac-Man memories.
We got some good answers there.
And we're going to talk a little bit about, ooh, a lawsuit going on yet again,
including the result of another lawsuit.
We've got two lawsuit stories coming up after the break.
And, I promise you, a story about porn.
We do have a porn story coming up in Part B.
If that isn't something to stick around for, I don't know what is.
So we'll be right back after this with more of the Orange Lounge Radio.
Welcome back, everybody, to Orange Lounge Radio,
live with our 599th episode for this May the 24th of 2015.
We're going to get into our forum follow-up here real quick.
We do have one topic I want to bring up.
But I did want to mention this, too, because you probably heard at the start of the show tonight,
Jason did not do the intro tonight, which, you know, sometimes he has other obligations.
He can't always do the intro because we don't always get the show rolled together until the day of the show.
So he doesn't always know what we're going to talk about.
But the reason why I bring it up is to mention that before the show, and I thought this was funny,
he texted me a picture because he's at Fanime this weekend, which is happening in the Bay Area, right?
And we used to go to Fanime a lot.
And then, you know, we all suddenly have other obligations.
It's harder to get out of town sometimes.
We did a few panels at Fanime a couple times.
It was a lot of fun.
And I love Fanime.
I'm sad I miss it.
But maybe I'll try to go next year, but it's just so much going on.
But Jason's there, and he sent me a picture.
I guess he met Jonas for the first time at Fanime.
So I thought that was really cool, the two people that have kind of been associated with OLR.
Jonas, of course, those of you that listen to the old school episodes, he used to come on the show all the time.
But then he's been on recently in the past couple months with his teabagger organization.
No, that's not a political thing.
It's the big anime game room or something like that.
So it's teabagger, would you say it out loud?
And I'm sure they're doing the game room that's at Fanime.
So he was there.
So I thought that was kind of cool that those guys met up.
So I hope you guys are having a fun time over there at Fanime.
Or whatever convention you're at this weekend.
Because there's a whole shit ton of them going on this weekend.
Because, of course, Memorial Day weekend, right?
What do you expect?
I know Denver is having a big one right now, too.
Because Rama from Anime Jam Session and Patty, they went out there.
They went all the way out there to Denver from the East Coast.
So I thought that was pretty cool.
I know they're having a good time there.
So I hope you guys are having a good weekend.
Whatever it is you're doing to spend it.
Let's get into the forum follow-up where we're going to head on over to our forums at vognetwork.com.
And check out some extended discussion by our listeners on another topic.
Remember, you can join the conversation by heading on over to our forums at forums.vognetwork.com.
It's also linked all over the front page of the site.
This week's topic brought to you by Dark Tetsuya, who's talking about the Retro VGS.
Now, this is that console that was going to Kickstarter from the same folks behind Retro Magazine.
We've had them on the show a couple times before.
I'm surprised they haven't asked to come back yet to talk about this.
But we'd love to have them on, so maybe that will happen soon at some point.
So, yeah.
Dark Tetsuya was talking about what this console looks like.
He was mentioning that the specs are out there.
And that the system is supposed to be able to do anything retro from games similar to the 2600 all the way up to simple polygon stuff like on the PSX.
Now, important point for me to note here.
This isn't supposed to be like an emulation console like the RetroN 5.
It's supposed to be a console for people that want to make retro-style games and let people kind of play them on the TV.
Somebody fucking ported Halo to the Atari 2600.
There's people out there that still want to develop retro.
And shit, you look at a lot of the games that are out right now that people are talking about.
Minecraft, heavy retro vibe.
Axiom Verge, heavy retro vibe.
Titan Souls just came out recently.
I played a game called Home on PS4 that had a retro vibe to it.
I mean, that's a big thing right now is that retro look.
So these guys are kind of building a console around that.
DarkTusia mentioned that they went with cartridges.
And it's evident that in almost any disk-based game released on consoles, you get home, pop it in and get to play right away.
Nope, you have to wait for a day one patch or the online only servers to work.
So the VGS going cartridge will not have any of these problems.
They're looking at designs similar to the Wii U Pro Controller for the actual controller itself.
The Kickstarter didn't launch yet.
But there are games being made for it such as Tiny Knight is an RPG that's inspired by Wonder Boy.
So those are some things that DarkTusia posted.
Now our buddy YYR responded to this because I had to ask.
So pixel shits is retro inspired.
Are you going to put pixel shits on the console?
But anyway, I actually wasn't answering that.
But he did say, I think this is a really cool idea but it's doomed in today's market.
We ditched cartridges due to their limited capacity and high cost.
The new cartridges will differ greatly from the old ones I'm sure.
It'll still cost at least as much to manufacture them as it would to make a flash drive.
And more than that because not as many are going to be made.
There's always a hardcore crowd that's willing to pay more than what a game's worth.
The casual crowd is much larger these days and that crowd seems to believe that retro looking games shouldn't cost more than $10-$20.
Once you add manufacturing and shipping cost plus consider retailer's profit margins, those price points will be impossible.
Would you pay $40 or $50 for Shovel Knight on a cartridge?
Um, maybe. But I'm also kind of crazy.
Says the guy who bought Mass Effect 3 several times.
I'd pay $40 for pixel shits.
Somewhere out there.
It's special in my heart.
I hear YYR going DEAL!
And Brad in our chatroom over at live.vognetwork.com says I'd buy a card of that.
Who knows.
YYR's working on something with that game just so you know.
I'm not going to give you all the details.
It's on Twitter. If you go to twitter.com you can see what he's doing.
He needs to have me do his cartridge artwork.
Somebody made, like a fan made an Atari 26 inspired one that was really good.
Really?
Like I go on Twitter anymore. I'm on Tumblr.
I know. Anyway.
So that got into a whole little debate here and YYR also said
I didn't think the Ouya sounded like a platform with a bright future back when their Kickstarter went up and I didn't bother grabbing one.
I hate to be a Debbie Downer but despite how cool the idea is, the realist in me can't see this doing well in the long run or even lasting as long as the Ouya did.
The difference in cost all around is simply too high to overcome, almost comparable to the Neo Geo versus everything else in the early 90's.
Yeah but the Neo Geo is actually cool.
Dark Tetsuya says it does indeed sound like they're getting a lot of support from willing indies to port their games.
I do believe they're in talks to get Retro City Rampage and they're talking to Yacht Club so a port of Shovel Knight is likely.
It may have all the extra content that's supposed to be coming out for it, at least the non console specific stuff.
So anyway, I had to really abbreviate those comments for time but you can read the full comments over there on our forums at vognetwork.com.
So yeah, the retro console. You know, I'm interested, I want to hear more about it but I like the idea of this kind of like home grown retro console.
But I do think YYR makes some valid concerns there about, well the Ouya was kind of supposed to be that and look where it ended up.
Well I don't think they were supposed to be a retro console, they were supposed to be just a console that was cheap.
Well, some are going to strongly disagree with me here but I'm just keeping it real.
I think a lot of people bought the Ouya because of the emulator. It was openly supporting emulators, didn't really turn a blind eye to it.
It was like, hey, you could just download a Super Nintendo emulator in every game and that's what the Ouya is for.
And I really think that's what sold a lot of people on the Ouya. Whether we want to talk about it or not, I just think that was the real motivator for many people.
So, anyway.
Well just think though, Ouya's have probably come down in price quite a bit since they're not selling that well.
So it's not a terrible platform, it's just not that great.
There you go.
Blueberry in our chat over at live.vognetwork.com with a quote saying there will be no system updates, digital downloads, or buggy games.
Well that's a heck of a promise.
No buggy games.
I don't know, I played Final Fantasy X on PlayStation 4, it was a little buggy.
We had a buggy game on Xbox One, it's hard to make a buggy free console but we'll see.
I obviously wish these guys the best of luck.
It's a very lofty goal.
And I'm sure they're considering a lot of these same real questions that you guys are posing as well.
Anyhow, let's move on with some rapid fire news. Loki.
Alright, so this is always good news, but granted though, they're still selling lots.
And they've crossed the 52 million mark now.
That many units sold across all the platforms that's been on, which is now a total of five.
And yeah, still waiting for that DLC though.
Where is that DLC? Story DLC?
It's not coming though.
Not anytime soon.
There's a pretty awesome mod now for Crypt of the Necrodancer that kind of puts a Mega Man spin on it.
And you can check that out.
It's Crypt of the Mega Dancer.
And it's a full conversion of the game that makes it look similar to Mega Man.
And it still uses the Necrodancer music, but the 8-bit sound effects and graphics from Mega Man are there.
That's pretty rad, actually.
And I know that's not something that can officially be supported, because obviously it's questionable legality.
But I think that's pretty rad.
So yeah, go download the mod from Steam before they take it out.
Oh, it's on Steam? Oh wow, that's going to get taken down.
And then, last but not least, Adventure Time is getting a puzzle quest of their own.
Adventure Time Puzzle Quest will be coming out on mobile later on this summer.
And it's going to have, let's see here, anything else other than just the typical Puzzle Quest stuff?
No, it just looks like it's kind of reskinned.
But yes, lots of, I don't know, looks like it'll be fun.
I guess that's what the Puzzle Quest franchise has become, is licensed versions of it.
Versions between the Marvel Puzzle Quest and we have Adventure Time.
I guess that's that for Puzzle Quest, huh?
That's it, yeah.
It's a good series. Not that Marvel Puzzle Quest isn't bad by any means, I'm just saying. It's interesting.
Alright, a few more stories for you guys.
Including another retro console, but this one's different because it is emulators, basically.
It's the Retro Freak Console by Cyber Gadget.
And this is a retro console that really inspires to do everything, everything.
Including Famicom, Super Famicom or Super Nintendo, Mega Drive, Genesis, Game Boy Color, Advance, PC Engine, Turbo Graphics 16, and Super Graphics.
You don't hear about that one very often on the retro console, so that's kind of cool.
You can also install games to it from cartridges.
And apparently it's going to have some upscaling features and there'll be some built-in code, Game Genius type of functionality, and save states.
Of course, the company Cyber Gadget has not announced price or how we're going to order this yet.
This is a Japanese company, so there's no importers offering it yet.
But it's something to keep an eye on, especially if you're looking for something maybe other than a Retron 5 or one of those other boxes.
Especially if you're a Turbo Graphics person, because that's pretty cool that it supports that.
Dark Tetsuya, or Dark Sakura, I was looking at a comment from Dark Tetsuya in our chat room, talking about, that's what jumped out at me about this system, was the Turbo Graphics support.
And what I want to ask Dark Sakura is, I know you're a Turbo Graphics girl, is that something that interests you, being able to play those games upscaled and stuff, or nah?
Maybe. I prefer playing things on the actual console, but I mean, I have talked some of this over with the spouse.
Yeah, and you do get things, like it's hard to hook up the old consoles to the new TVs, so that is one thing that these offer, is that, okay, well, I can use an HDMI cable with these, and it's a little easier to hook up on the big TVs.
You've been hooking up an Atari 5200 to an HDTV, so no problem with that.
On your big 50-inch or whatever it is you guys make?
Yeah.
Awesome.
This is what Radio Shack still exists for. Oh, I'm sorry, it's not existing anymore.
JK!
Hey, an update on Bloodstained, Ritual of the Night, we talked about this last week, and this is the Kickstarter that's, you know, it's not Castlevania, wink, but it's the same guy, right?
And apparently, oh my God, it is making so much money, it is, there's a stretch goal for $3 million, we're not sure what it is, but people think, through like Photoshop and illuminating stuff, people think it could be the Wii U version of the game.
I'm going to the Kickstarter page now to see if there's actually been an update, because it's right now at $2.6 million, and I think a lot of the fundraising has slowed down a bit, which, you know, it has made a lot of money.
But some folks think that's what that next stretch goal could be, at $3 million there, so we'll see.
And Act-Def says, now it has my attention.
Again, nothing's confirmed, that's just what people are speculating, so we'll see.
Certainly seems possible, I mean, if they're going to give them that much money, then maybe they can do a version on the Wii U.
I don't know, that doesn't necessarily mean it will be the same version, but there could be a version.
I don't see why it wouldn't be the same, though.
A follow-up to something we talked about in a previous week, Sega had announced that they're going to be removing mobile games that don't meet a certain level of quality.
We didn't know what those games were, but now we do.
So, some of the games that are going to be removed from mobile phones, After Burner Climax, Jet Set Radio, Altered Beast, Echo the Dolphin, Golden Axe 1-2-3, Fantasy Star 2, Streets of Rage 1-3, Space Harrier 2, Virtua Fighter 2, and if you're a Monkey Ball fan, they're all getting wiped.
Monkey Ball 1 and 2, Adventure, Tip and Tilt, Touch and Roll, Banana Splits, that's a Monkey Ball game, really?
That's a lot of Monkey Ball games, they're all getting the axe. However, unlike the Konami and PT thing, if you've already downloaded these, you can still download them.
Sega's not being complete dickbags about this, you will still be able to download the games if you've paid for them previously.
Dark Sakura, what do you have for us?
Stuff. Actually, this is pretty cool, that one of the characters they've announced for Street Fighter V is Vega, also known in the US as M. Bison, because of old, old 80's copyrights.
So yeah, we get some Psycho Crusher going on there.
And then, one of my favorite ever games to pronounce, even though I've never played it, Utaware Rumono, Metal Slug 6, and some King of Fighters games, and Mad Maestro, are now put up with the PS2 classics of the Japanese Playstation Store updated.
So, I got tongue tied there for a moment. So basically, King of Fighters 2002, King of Fighters Maximum Regulation A, Mad Maestro, Metal Slug 6, and Utaware Rumono, Lullaby to the Dying, is on there for actually pretty cheap for 6.17 yen, and free on PS Plus.
Am I crazy, or was Mad Maestro that game that actually came with the little special controller thing that you could use?
I think you're not crazy.
I guess you wouldn't really be able to use that though.
Move.
Yeah, it uses pressure sensitivity with the DualShock 2. And it featured an optional baton peripheral, so I'm not crazy, it did have a baton.
Move.
Oh, maybe. I don't know though, if they're doing it as a classic, they probably didn't go back and change anything, it's probably just the game working on the PS3 or whatever.
Well, and last but not least, there are going to be some vinyls out from some classic Sega soundtracks.
Shenmue and Streets of Rage are going to be having vinyl albums released from Data Discs. And done.
Nice. Do you collect vinyl, Dark Soccer? You collect old video game systems, why not vinyl?
I have three albums. I used to have five, but I gave you two of them. Because I gave you your copy of Super Trooper, and Rocky Horror Picture Show Audience Participation.
Yes.
But I have Gorilla's Demon Days, on vinyl, unopened. I have Weird Al's Bad, and the Xanadu soundtrack. Those are the three albums I have.
You notice here in Studio N7, of course I say that like we have video or something like that, but I actually have a copy of one of my favorite albums of all time on vinyl there.
ABBA's The Visitors is over there in its case. Looking lovely. I found that at a thrift store.
Oh yeah, I gave you a Bette Midler album too.
You did, you did. This one was from a store in Seattle though, so it's also representative of the trip that Alan and I took up there. Good times.
Anyhow, let's get to the FUGL Question of the Week. Every week we take Facebook and Google Plus and slam those words together and get FUGL.
We ask a question of our communities, and we read the answers here on air.
It's ready to go home.
Well, earlier in the show we talked about Pac-Man. After all, it is the 35th anniversary of the game.
So we asked our listeners on Facebook.com slash Orange Lounge Radio and Google.com slash Plus Orange Lounge Radio.
We asked, what is your earliest memory of playing Pac-Man? What video games do you think you've enjoyed more recently that Pac-Man has clearly inspired?
So let's get to some of our answers tonight. We will start on, let's start on Facebook tonight.
Ari Rockefeller from anime jam session starting us off tonight saying, played the NES version way back when.
Then I used the Game Genie to get unlimited lives. It got boring.
Well, it wouldn't get boring without that threat of danger. The Game Genie made everything easy.
Matt Jay replied and said, as a kid, my dentist office waiting room had an arcade version of Pac-Man.
It was insanely awesome until I had to get the dental checkup.
It's a pretty good way to make going to the dentist cool though.
They have that at my son's dentist. They have like literally a game room with like Minecraft, Smash Brothers, Mario Kart, all that shit set up. It's ridiculous.
I guess it's to make, man, when I went to the dentist office, I got a fish tank and highlights for children.
Oh, they have fish tanks. They have tons of, it's like ridiculous. They have TVs in the ceiling and like, like a prize chest. It's fucking ridiculous.
Boiled kids.
I know. Yeah, they are.
Amarant Odinson replied over on Facebook and said, local convenience store or burger joint always had a tabletop version that I would sit and play as I would wait for my poutine when I was a kid.
That must be another Canadian listener there because I know they don't, poutine is something they would only sell it to Tim Hortons. I'm just kidding.
I want poutine so much. It's so good.
I think there are like now poutine, I honestly, and this is going to say, I know offense to our Canadian friends, I promise, but poutine is kind of becoming a hipster food here in the States.
Like you find it at like those trendy joints midtown that are like, oh, we have poutine and everybody goes, oh, I know what that is. Cause I have a friend in Canada.
I just, I feel like poutine is becoming hipster food.
I used to get poutine in the French Quarter.
In the States. Anyway.
In New Orleans, I used to get poutine in Mobile because, well, we had a lot of French Canadians come down.
But have you had it in midtown Sacramento?
No, I would do that though. I've made, I've also made what I call a redneck poutine, which is where you go to KFC and get the fried cheese curds.
Isn't that just that fucking barf bowl that they serve?
It's actually pretty good if you want a lot of salt.
Oh my God. Blueberry in chat says McDonald's has poutine in Canada.
Wow. That's awesome though. Okay. I'll, uh, poutine talk aside. Let's move on.
Didn't think you could make cheese curd out of American cheese, but okay.
Fifth dream in chat says I'm old enough to remember when Pac-Man was new and the huge amount of popularity it gained and the merchandising storm that existed for quite a while after.
Pac-Man was everywhere. I played it quite a bit and felt pretty proud as a little kid to be into something that seemingly everyone else came to love afterwards.
Speaking of hipsters, fifth dream, just, just teasing you.
A rage-inator in chat says, oddly enough, my first Pac-Man experience was the NES version in 1988, aside from sequels and remakes.
That's interesting. He's the second person to mention the NES version.
I think that just kind of speaks to probably, I mean, I don't know how old like Ari Rockefeller and rage-inator are, but I'm going to guess they're probably around the same age.
And so there's probably like a generation that didn't see it for the first time until the NES.
Tigerclaw is from our generation, though, because he has an answer similar to mine, saying I remember playing the arcade game when I was a kid, then playing it on Atari 2600, even though it wasn't as good as the arcade version.
Ms. Pac-Man, though, on 2600 is pretty fucking good for a 2600 game because they, instead of a 4K cart, it was an 8K or a 16K cart, and so they actually could replicate the arcade board in the game.
And so it worked a lot better. And then I'm sure on the 5200 it was even better, from what I remember.
It was really sweet.
What little I remember of the 5200. I really need to get into the collecting of the old consoles. I'm really behind on that.
We can help.
Yay.
But, I will tell you one thing.
What?
If you decide to get a 5200, get many, many, many controllers because they're notoriously bad.
Oh yeah, I've heard about that. Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Anyway, Robert K says, playing at a rural pub in Norfolk on a family holiday when I was about 3.
Growing up, I tried to get as high as I could on the leaderboard before we left, and it was the first thing I did each year to see if I was still on it.
My last visit was when I was 16, and they'd sold the machine only months before.
Gutted.
That sucks.
Orange Right in chat, sorry, not in chat, but on Facebook says, one of my earliest gaming memories was playing the NES version of Pac-Man with my grandfather.
We would go, aw man, every time that Pac-Man died. There's another vote for the NES version.
I didn't realize the NES version was so popular.
But I guess the NES version really did kind of play like the arcade as well. You know, it was really close.
And there was a Tengen release I believe.
I think so.
Alex F says, my earliest Pac-Man memory was playing the rip-off game Clean Sweep on my first gaming system, the Vectrex.
Nice. You got Dark Soccer to laugh over there.
Hitstun says, the Atari 2600 introduced me to video games, and 2600 Pac-Man was the first Pac-Man I ever played.
I remembered seeing the arcade one for the first time, and I wondered why the monitor was turned on its side like that.
I still need to try the PC version of Pix the Cat.
Oh yeah, Pix the Cat. That's a really good Pac-Man inspired game.
I've played that on PS4. That's a blink-and-you-miss-it type of game.
You might have forgot that that game is available, but it's good. It's worth checking out.
Over on Google+, we got a few answers over there, including Rettertainment who said,
I remember asking my dad to let me play Pac-Man at a rec center in Adak, Alaska.
Considering the location, I must have been about four when this happened.
By the way, my dad never let me play on that machine.
That didn't stop me from playing with the joystick, despite not paying to play the game.
I think a lot of us did that with little kids, didn't we?
Wrecked Wrecked, that's the name, on Google+, replied and said there was a package man machine.
I have a feeling AutoCorrect got him here.
There was a Pac-Man machine at one of our local restaurants, and I asked my dad for money to play.
And after that, it became a tradition.
My earliest memory of Pac-Man, this last answer from Akdeft here, is playing the Atari 2600 version.
Yeah, not the best, but I liked it for my age.
I also played a lot of Ms. Pac-Man.
Now I play a lot, capitalize there for emphasis, a lot of Championship Edition and DX+.
DX is a great version of Pac-Man, I gotta say. It's awesome.
Now I'm noticing in chat, AkumaJP just linked what a Japanese cocktail cabinet of Pac-Man looks like.
Or as they call it over there, Puck-Man.
Which, we've all heard the story about why they did not release it over here as Puck-Man.
Because that would very easily be vandalized into another word.
I don't think parents would let their kids play Fuck-Man.
Now, now, you don't know that.
You'd let the kids play Fuck-Man, right?
I'm pretty sure that there's a mod called Fuck-Man already.
I'm sure there is a Fuck-Man out there.
If there's a naked Mario Brothers, I'm sure there's a Fuck-Man out there anyway.
So there you go. These cocktail cabinets are awesome.
Actually, and that's how I remember playing Ms. Pac-Man.
The yogurt shop out in Roseville that I used to go to all the time had a Ms. Pac-Man cocktail machine.
Oh man. How awesome would it be to get a cocktail machine here in the studio?
I would replace this table with a cocktail machine so fast. It would be awesome.
But then, Darsaka couldn't put her feet up on it anymore.
Because if she put her feet up on it, I'd be like, get your feet off of Ms. Pac-Man.
Smell my heels.
Alright.
Okay, I need to stop eating these. There's a little chip.
Oh, the sweet potato chips?
Blueberry in chat says, my mom played Pac-Man for the first time this April when she saw it on Google Maps.
And she was like, this is such a fun game.
I know. Discovering it a little late. All those years you missed out on.
Act Def says, I do have my Pac-Man amiibo too. Imported it from Japan.
Yeah, I guess those are coming out really soon here, but Japan, of course.
No problem getting a Pac-Man amiibo in Japan. No problem.
I like Pac-Man in Super Smash Brothers as well.
Alright, there you go. Our Fugu question of the week. Facebook and Google Plus. Thanks for answering.
Let's get back into some gaming news. Loki.
Alright, so let's start talking about lawsuits again.
So now there's a company called, and I swear to God this is a real name, Total Recall Technologies.
It's a company based out of Hawaii.
And they filed a suit against Oculus and also Palmer Lucky.
And the reason why they did this is they're saying that this is basically a breach of their intellectual properties.
And to make this story short, he worked for Total Recall Technologies for a little bit to help them develop a prototype for a VR device, but not necessarily similar to the Oculus.
Now, the problem with that though is he started developing the Oculus well before he actually worked for this company.
But the problem is they're saying that they are seeking damages, basically interest, and they want money.
They know that Oculus has 2 billion dollars and they want some of that 2 billion dollars.
So, I'll have to see how that all plays out.
Anything else with that on the Oculus?
Yes, and Oculus also said that they won't be blocking virtual porn. Huzzah.
So, yeah.
That's it? They just came out and said, porn for everybody on the Oculus. I have a feeling it went down a little differently than that.
Yeah, they basically said that the Rift is an open platform, we don't control software that can run on it, and that's a big deal.
So, because it's PC, you can have porn games on the PC, and that's fine.
Not even porn games, porn videos.
Oh my gosh, a full porn experience in virtual reality. This is why Oculus is gonna win. Watch.
They've already got it.
All these other competitors won't matter. Oculus got porn. That's why VHS beat beta. That's why they don't film industry win.
I've watched some of the trailers. They're pretty awesome.
Have you?
They are awesome.
And the truth comes out.
What are you talking about? It's like the first thing you do with any device is see how porn runs on it.
Jeez.
Wait a minute. And you didn't bring it over?
I'll bring it over next week. Episode 600.
Thank you, Oculus porn for episode 600. That's all I need in life.
No, but seriously, they've got a bunch of different things out there.
They've got the people that make shit in Unity that a lot of them are based off of 3D map stuff using the Kinect.
Imagine, if you will, watching a model, a porno actress that's being projected like Leia was in fucking Star Wars.
It looks weird, but it's 3D because they call it a hologram or something. It looks stupid.
The other one, though, that looks actually better is they film it with a certain lens on there stereoscopically.
So it's like a wide angle lens.
There's no depth to it. You can't zoom in or out or anything like that.
But you can move your head around because of the way that it's 180 degrees.
And that's actually pretty cool.
It's like stereoscopic. When those titties get up close, they're in your face.
It's like you can reach out and grab that shit.
But no, it's just, I don't know, it's funny.
But I can totally see that, and not even just saying the porno stuff with that, I can totally see that as far as other things.
I think that's what you were talking about with Cirque du Soleil stuff.
It's probably filmed like that.
I don't know, it's really cool.
But yes, they've taken it too far, though, where they also have some sort of Bluetooth device or something like that that's synced up with the videos and shit.
So it's just only going to move towards the holodeck.
Oh, you mean a naughty Bluetooth device?
Yeah, something like that.
Oh boy.
So it's moving in that direction.
The future is here.
Exactly.
It's one step closer to the holodeck.
What are people going to do with the holodeck? Of course they're going to fuck things.
So it makes sense.
Hey, somebody made porn.
We'll bring it next week. I will bring it next week so you can try anything you want.
Somebody made Bieda Minitum on the Atari 2600, so you know what? This is just something that happens. There it is.
Darsakha, are you excited for a VR porn next week?
No.
They have female aimed at porn, where it's not just from the perspective of a male, it's a female perspective, I guess.
Oh, so equal opportunity porn. Yeah. Good. Good. I'm all for that. I'm all for equal opportunity pornography.
Okay.
I just think porn itself is really hilarious and ridiculous. And it's like not even attractive.
Well, and that's kind of how I feel. Porn's just kind of silly, but I mean, I don't know. A lot of things are silly.
Anyway, Brad from Pod Culture in our chat room over at live.vognetwork.com saying, and you get a porn, and you get a porn.
And Act F says the future is now and it's not Neo Geo.
No.
But Loki, I think you're absolutely right. I mean, even though I'm sure some of the VR enthusiasts are saying they're going, please don't talk about this. Please don't talk about this.
I think you're absolutely right. If we had a holodeck, somebody would make porn on it.
Exactly. And I'm telling you, you may not like it or may not be like, oh, I don't want to talk about it.
And you don't have to play it.
But that, that's how VHS won. I mean, that's.
It is a bolster to the industry, whether you like it or not.
And they're getting in on the ground floor and that stuff. I don't know. It's interesting. Like I said, I'll let you try that demo or whatever else. I've got the rollercoaster demos and shit.
But it's interesting. It's like, wow, that actually kind of works.
Bobby Black Wolf in chat telling me, oh my God, the truth comes out on episode 599. Bobby Black Wolf just laid the truth out there.
Bobby Black Wolf saying, porn was one of the first things I looked up and I would have shown some to Sky at Dragon Con two years ago, but he was done.
It was literally the next thing. All right, look, I know after playing with Oculus Rift for like, you know, 20, 30 minutes, however long I was on.
I was like, all right, shit, I need a break. That VR stuff is really intense. Like my body was not ready. Right.
If you had told me, but hold on, Rob, five more minutes because I got titties, I would have been like, OK, let's go. I'll take a Dramamine.
Let's do it. Like, how did you, you withheld porn. You withheld porn. Isn't there a code?
I almost, I saw that. I saw that. I saw that in the show role and I was like, I should bring my Oculus. And I was like, nah, we probably won't actually mess with it.
So I'm gonna leave it at home. But next week, though, next week, we'll do it because it'll be fun.
Now we have a way to celebrate.
There you go. All right. Moving on to a celebration of another sort. E3, of course, is just a few weeks away.
We're getting very close. In fact, Episode 601, I think, is the same day. No, I guess it would actually be two weeks.
So 602 will be the same day as the Bethesda press conference. So we still don't know what we're doing with that episode yet.
I think we're gonna actually probably, excuse me, sorry, hiccups. Radio guys were sending me.
I think what's gonna happen on June 14th is we're actually going to probably, like, kind of stop the show, watch the conference, then come back and talk about it.
So it'll probably be a shorter show on June 14th. But some of the things we're expecting to see coming out of the Bethesda conference is a Doom, a new Doom game supposedly coming from Bethesda.
Well, of course. They sold that as a pre-order beta bonus thing for the New Bloods.
Yes, and it has been, like, it's not a surprise that Doom is coming because they did show it off at QuakeCon last year, like a little bit.
So it is gonna be part of the E3 showcase that's happening on June 14th.
Also, folks, of course, betting that Fallout 4 are being revealed is a huge part of that as well, and possibly why Bethesda wanted their own press conference this year.
So, yeah, a new Doom game. I'm curious about it. I played the Doom 3 on Xbox, and I was like, eh, it's okay.
But Alan was telling me Doom 3 is really good if you get the mod to change the lighting. And it helps a lot.
So I'd be curious to revisit Doom. I'd like to see what they're gonna do with it.
Alright. So we will have that to look forward to in just, like, three weeks. E3 is getting closer and closer.
Dark Sakura.
Well, you know, I always like when people get caught doing stuff they shouldn't do and then get held accountable for it.
Basically, there were some players who stole a bunch of virtual weapons and armor and then hopped them for eight grand in Diablo 3.
And they basically tricked players into giving, into downloading a root access tool that looked like a link that had a picture of a rare in-game item.
And then basically these guys could just basically patch in and get their stuff.
So this was a big case that went around in 2012.
So basically the people who did this basically given that they made eight grand off of this stuff in Diablo 3's auction house.
They are on three years, well, one of them has two, the other one has three years probation and they're paying Blizzard $5,654.61.
Which is the amount of money it spent to investigate the players' reports of theft.
So, um...
Yeah, paying all those hours, yeah.
Paying the salaries and stuff, yeah, it cost money.
Yeah.
But basically, one of the people who was behind it said, we made zero dollars.
We had plenty of high value items that we were going to sell, yes.
Perhaps the items were valued at nine grand, but nothing was sold, no currency exchange hands.
I got banned before I could sell anything.
Oh well.
Stop trying to rationalize the fact that you fucking tried to trick people and steal their money.
I know, right?
Way to back talk.
Yep, it doesn't matter.
The fact is that you still, I mean on top of that too, not to mention that I think these people could probably all go after these two guys for invasion of privacy.
You know?
Yeah.
I think these guys got off easy, all things considered.
We'll talk about this a little later because there's something else coming up later.
Where I just think digital crime, we don't treat it the same way.
If these guys walked into a convenience store and stole $8,000 from the convenience store, they'd be in jail for a long time.
So, I mean, we don't even put the same weight on digital crimes that we do, crimes in the real world.
Anyway, before I get too soapbox-y, Loki.
Alright.
So, I don't even know if this is a real world anymore because we have a movie possibly coming out about Grand Theft Auto starring Daniel Radcliffe.
And he's going up against none other than He Who Shall Not Be Named, which is kind of ironic.
So, Daniel Radcliffe is going to be playing Sam Houser, and He Who Shall Not Be Named will be played by Bill Paxton.
And this doesn't really have Rox...
What? Bill Paxton?
Bill Paxton will be...
He's gone from Twister to playing Jack Voldemort?
Yes, he'll be playing Jack Voldemort.
Once again, he will have to fight Voldemort.
But no, unfortunately, this has nothing to do with this.
This is actually about Rockstar Games suing the BBC over a brand new drama that they're going to be putting out called Game Changer.
And it was kind of talking about the whole violence in video games and the whole Jack Voldemort garbage.
So, really, they're wanting to make sure that their trademarks are not being misused.
And, you know, I was kind of reading up on this a little bit, and it sounds to me that maybe they don't necessarily have a problem with it.
But, you know, because they are trademark holders, they have to defend their trademarks, whether they want to or not, so that they can keep those trademarks.
Interesting. You know, we've heard about this happening before in some of the cases where...
Scrolls?
Yeah. Or when that whole gamer.org guy sued the gamer Reddit or whatever, and yeah, that whole thing happened.
Because that was all about trademark stuff, right? So you have to do it.
I would think, though, usually with these... I don't know, we see dramatized, real-life things all the time.
Like on Lifetime and stuff.
All the time these things happen, right?
It's interesting, though, because it is an interesting story.
And, I don't know, Daniel Radcliffe and Bill Paxton, I mean...
Can Bill Paxton play crazy well enough to...?
I'm sure. I wonder if we'll get that over here somehow, either through Netflix or BBC America, maybe?
Netflix, I can see that.
Yeah, a lot of BBC stuff goes... Well, I don't... I think a lot of BBC stuff got taken off Netflix, actually.
They used to have a ton of it, and now not so much, so I don't know.
I'm sure, because of the internet, somehow it will find its way onto the internet, and once it's there, it's there.
This is the internet.
Except for being Bobby Brown.
Which I did actually, ironically, find for my wife one time.
I dug, dug, dug deep into the internet, and I was able to find every single episode of that in terrible, terrible quality.
They never released it on DVD or anything?
They did not, because she... her lawyers, like, really got into that shit.
Wow.
But yes, I was able to pirate all of that.
Good job.
For nostalgia's sake.
It needs to be preserved.
It does, and it was hard to find.
Because it's... they scrub that shit clean.
The lawyers shut it down.
Seriously.
Alright, moving on to something that'll probably be a lot easier to find, even if it is Nintendo.
Usually not a problem to find one of their games.
And I'm sure this game will be everywhere, because it involves Pokmon.
No, it's not the main series of games.
I don't have anything to say about that tonight.
That'll probably be something we hear about at E3, because I can't imagine they won't go a year without doing some type of new Pokmon game.
But, a side game, and Pokmon has this long-running side franchise, the Mystery Dungeon series.
Pokmon Super Mystery Dungeon has been announced for the 3DS.
This is the next installment in that Mystery Dungeon series.
And it will be out this fall in Japan, this winter in North America.
They're not saying which side of winter, if that means before Christmas or after Christmas.
Spring 2016 in Europe.
The game will offer even greater, randomly created dungeons that change each time players enter.
And you'll be able to battle with Legendary and Mythical Pokmon in efforts to save the world.
So basically it's what you would expect in a game called Pokmon Super Mystery Dungeon.
Alright, well every week you guys send us emails to our email address.
Participate at OrangeloungeRadio.com.
And you can participate with your extended thoughts in our mailbag.
So Dark Sakura's gonna dive into the mailbag head first, and pull out some emails that she believes are worthy of reading on tonight's show.
Dark Sakura! Let's get to some emails.
All two of them.
Two emails tonight.
Hey guys. Excuse me.
So I scoured OrangeloungeRadio.com for your Twitch streams and YouTube channels.
You don't seem to have them listed anywhere. Maybe I didn't look hard enough.
I've been listening to this show for quite a while now and I'd like to see some of my favorite gaming personalities actually play games.
Could you guys let everyone know your Twitch URLs and YouTube channels one more time?
For the record, I do have a Twitch, but I forgot what I called it. I think it's just DarkSakuraOLR.
I think you are, yeah.
Yeah. So, which is really just me playing Hatoful Boyfriend.
I'll try to Twitch a little bit more on my Dragon Aging.
My Twitch name is... I have a lot to say about this email.
My Twitch name is Rob Roberts, so I'm very easy to find on Twitch, but unfortunately I haven't used it this year at all.
And I wanted to do more streaming this year, but I've just been so busy with some things going on in my day job.
I've not done anything there and I've really not done anything with YouTube.
My YouTube name is Rob Roberts Plays.
Somebody else, I think some fisherman guy has Rob Roberts.
So Rob Roberts Plays is where you can find me on YouTube.
I do still have, and I still think these are some timeless videos.
You can go back and look. I have some Let's Remember.
That's what I call my Let's Plays, because I play some really old stuff on Commodore 64 and stuff.
I want to do more of those. I do. It's just a time thing.
And unfortunately, I don't see things simmering down until probably after Labor Day at this point.
And I did make a promise that the first thing I would do is those VoG Jam games.
So that will be the first thing I do whenever I do have the time to do video production again.
But honestly, there's so many things on the I'd like to do it list, and I'm personally falling behind.
If I were to do all the things I'd want to do, I'd have to give up one of my podcasts, and I don't really want to do that.
So that's where things are at right now.
But not only am I trying to make sure all the audio is running on VoG every day,
I'm so behind on some of the article posting.
I have the article authors who have been waiting more than two weeks for me to get their stuff up,
and I'm so slow on a lot of that.
So I'm sorry, but when things hopefully calm down with what's going on in my day job and day life and stuff,
I can expand into more projects like that.
And then also on the list of things I would like to do is totally revamp OrangeLaundryVideo.com,
because the site that Dekeman and Jason have worked on for years and years is great.
It's served an amazing purpose, but things have transformed a little bit,
because when we originally built that website, we didn't have this whole VoG network thing going on.
Things like streaming weren't a factor, and forums were more popular than they are now.
So I feel like it just needs a little remodeling to match what people look for in websites now.
Anyway, sorry, I went on a whole tangent based on what you said in your email,
but just getting all those updates out there.
Loki, what about your stuff? You have a YouTube channel, at least, right?
I don't know if you do the game stream.
Yeah, LokiOLR on YouTube.
I have a Twitch channel, but I don't use it ever.
I think the last thing I put on there was Grand Theft Auto 5, like a long time ago.
But I don't even remember what it is.
I think it's underscore LokiOLR underscore, because I had one on Justin TV,
but it wouldn't let me convert it over, and it was just all messed up.
Have they changed the name?
We actually have, and this is a very good point for me to mention.
OLR does have a YouTube channel, Orange Lounge Radio,
and if you haven't looked at that, you probably should,
because Jason, our voiceover guy, actually puts episodes of this show up on YouTube.
We made a decision not to do those day and date with the podcast,
because we do want people to be subscribed to the podcast and get their updates there.
That's the intended way for you to consume this show.
YouTube is kind of a secondary thing, more for archival purposes,
because we found it's very powerful.
If you want to go back and listen to an old episode of OLR,
it's really easy for us to put it up on YouTube, and bam, there it is.
You're going to go find it and get it,
and you can play it on a million different types of devices and televisions.
But again, it's not video. It's just audio on YouTube with static imagery.
Once in a while, Jason spices it up.
He'll try to put in footage of the classic Game of the Week when he can.
He does a few other things here and there.
But I know he's been busy with other projects, too.
But there are some really old videos on our YouTube channel,
and I think Jason filed them in a separate folder or something,
or just sort it by day, because we actually, like,
you can see Dark Sakura's old house where we looked at all our pinball machines.
There's a clip of us on the news from, like, ten years ago,
and that was the It's So Much Fun clip, if you've never seen it.
So that's all on our YouTube, which is just Orange Lounge Radio.
So, all right. Moving on.
There was more to that email.
Oh, more to that email.
Yeah, which I'm like, I kind of blanked out.
Also, I'd like to get down on some Diablo 3 with you guys,
since the newest update to the game, Legendaries, dropped faster
than amiibos disappearing from store shelves.
Much love, and keep gaming, EA Skeezy.
PS, how did you guys like the music I sent last week?
They were a gift for the star of the show, Jamie,
but I suppose Loki and Rob might have gotten a listen.
I will be honest, I sent them to myself, and I didn't have a chance to listen,
just because this week has been...
If you knew everything that was going on outside of the show,
I think you'd cry.
So it's a good thing he reminded you.
Yes, thank you.
Go check it out.
No, it's been crazy.
Last email.
And it's labeled, this is why Sony's always being hacked.
Oh my.
Let me see who this is.
Okay.
Alright.
Hello, OLR crew.
Today we're going to talk about security and how not to do it,
taking Sony as an example.
You might be wondering, after all the user info leaks and annual DOSing,
does Sony actually care and take some measures to prevent such happenings in the future?
Well, they say they do, but in reality, it's not very convincing.
Take example, their SCN user account site,
and that's the Sony Entertainment Network site.
On the surface, it looks fine, but let's dig a bit deeper.
The site has two major flaws.
It is vulnerable to a very serious attack that has been going the rounds in December last year,
which allows trivial interception of all communication and or inject malicious scripts,
including logins, passwords, and credit card information,
which is the sole purpose of the site for all Sony Entertainment branches,
including PlayStation Suite.
But on top of that, the inflammation of some security features opens the site for trivial DOS exploitation.
Need I say more?
Oh, and it still doesn't implement forward secrecy configuration,
which means all of your previous communication might be decrypted at any time past, present, and future.
You might as well do not use HTTPS ever at all.
What about other PlayStation endpoints?
Service platform for PSN, vulnerable, ignore the certificate mismatch.
PlayStation mobile developer portal, vulnerable, but not as badly.
PlayStation Dev- uh, I was just there.
In conclusion, Sony is bad at handling the security. Like, really bad.
Potentially every CC ever has been- credit card ever has been used to play a game.
A longer video from Sony has been compromised.
Good news, though, this is all potential problems, not a given fact.
But someone has to wear a tinfoil hat.
Oh, and Microsoft and Nintendo are both much better overall in this regard,
although Nintendo is also susceptible to DOS attacks.
Your friendly paranoiac, 13x forever.
Paranoiac, I like that.
You know, I'm not sure I followed all the technical details in that email,
but I definitely just got the gist where it's like, for as big of a company as Sony is,
their security kind of is not as, like, high dollar, high class as it ought to be.
Like, that's kind of the Cliff Notes version I'm taking from that.
And so I'm kind of surprised, with all due respect to our emailer,
who I'm sure knows a lot about this stuff and is telling us about his thoughts on why they're getting hacked and so forth.
My question is, why does an investor put something as easily as he did to us, to Sony?
Like, I would, especially after what happened with the whole, you know, the email, right?
The emails were Sony's problem, too, right?
All those hacked emails, that was Sony's thing, right?
Oh, yeah.
Sony movie, Sony pictures, right?
And then, of course, the credit cards from years and years ago.
I'm just really surprised that there isn't, and it's not to say there's been none,
because certainly they've been dragged through the coals in the media,
but who's keeping them accountable to make sure this is not going to happen again,
especially when we're getting this email that says,
here's how it compares to Microsoft and Nintendo and it doesn't measure up.
I mean, a company that screws up like that with somebody's credit card information
can't make that same mistake again.
Like, if Sony loses credit card information again, people will forgive them once,
but are they going to forgive them twice?
I don't know about that. I don't know about that.
You mean more than an infamous download for PlayStation 3?
Yeah. So, anyway, step it up, Sony.
Maybe that's something they should address at E3.
But then again, that's not really the type of stuff you announce on the stage, either.
But I do think if it's so paltry compared to what Microsoft and Nintendo even have going,
then Sony might want to address that to their investors, if nobody else.
Bonds006 in our chat over at live.vognetwork.com says,
I took my credit card info off my PS3.
I now have to do the long login and buy route.
A minor inconvenience, though, for what otherwise could be a very shitty situation.
So, there you go.
Just two emails tonight, right? That was it? Two? One, two? There it is.
That be it, R.
That be it.
If you want to send us an email, by the way, episode 600 is next week.
But I am going to say, in anticipation of episode 600, we're probably going to get a lot of emails.
So, go email us, please. I'm not saying don't. Please do.
We'd love to hear, how'd you start listening to the show?
What's a favorite memory? Why are you still listening after all this time?
Tell me I'm pretty. No, I'm just kidding.
But try to do keep it somewhat limited.
We're not going to be able to read a lot of essays next week,
because we'll probably have a lot of people emailing in.
So, try to keep it to just, you know, a couple hundred words.
Appreciate it.
All right. Tigercall on chat even saying, I bet you will get a lot of Skype calls for 600.
Well, I'm sure hoping, or it's going to be really embarrassing if we don't,
because I am going to book some extra time next week, so we have a lot of time to take calls.
So, that we'll have that ample time.
So, if people don't use it to call in, then we're going to look really silly.
Then it'll be our 600th episode where we celebrate that nobody wants to call us.
Sad face.
All right. Just a couple more stories for you guys, and then we'll get to the Skype line for tonight.
Maybe you want a preemptive strike. You want to get in on episode 599.
You can do that in just a moment here.
But first, we have a couple more stories. Loki.
So, Nintendo has been victorious in another patent lawsuit.
This was in regards to the Wii Balance Board.
Everyone still remember the Wii Balance Board?
Is that even still being used anymore, aside from Wii Fit?
Yeah, well, I mean, there was Wii Fit U, and if you had the Balance Board, you could download the thing on Wii U and that, so.
Anyways. But this was against a device called Cyber Surfer.
And the company Ithaca had sought damages, interest payments, and additional enhanced damages and attorney fees.
But they get nothing.
And basically, the company lost because they're a non-practicing entity.
Meanwhile, you know, they hold patents. It isn't putting them into practice.
And Nintendo will vigorously defend its innovations against patent lawsuits and will not pay to resolve meritless accusations, no matter whether the case is filed in the US or elsewhere, they said.
And of course, when you say that they walk out of there with nothing, it just begs for this clip.
It's all there, black and white, clear as crystal.
You get nothing! You lose! Good day, sir!
That went right through my head the moment.
The minute Loki said that, I could just hear Gene Wilder in my head.
You get nothing!
I'm sure there's an episode of Judge Judy where she said something very similar, right?
Well, speaking of losers and people that lost things, this is pretty crazy.
This guy's name was withheld because he was 17.
He was a 17-year-old Canadian who this week pleaded guilty to 23 offenses, most of them against young female gamers.
Things like extortion, criminal harassment.
Apparently what this guy did, he outed victims' financial information online, placed false orders for services, swatted victims, among other crimes.
A lot of the folks that he targeted were from Twitter and League of Legends.
Oh, and by the way, he was apparently a member of Lizard Squad.
Who took credit for the last Sony hack.
And he's Canadian. I thought they were all nice up there. What happened to this one?
Well, there is Justin Bieber as well.
Oh, boy. I would rather-
Bieber tarnished your image.
Oh my god. Alright. So anyway, I would rather listen to Bieber on 24 hours on repeat than-
And if it bears repeating, not one person that happens to play video games does not necessarily represent the entire community of people that play video games.
Yes, that is a very important point.
And that's also actually part of the reason I bring this up.
Because unfortunately, dingbacks like this one are the ones that make the news.
And cause things like that and perpetual stereotypes like that to be perpetuated in the media.
Because unfortunately, it's not just game blogs that report on this fuckery.
It's the nightly news. And the newspaper.
And it's, you know, video gamer. It's just nerds.
Which is why I think it's up to us in a way to police this a bit.
I mean, obviously this guy crossed many, many lines and so forth.
I'm not saying like, oh, we had to go to his house to tackle him or whatever.
But what I'm saying is that, you know, this sort of bad behavior should never be encouraged.
You know what I mean? So don't root this guy on or the organization he's affiliated with.
Don't root them on on Twitter and shit.
His reaction in court was just smirking.
Yeah. Well, I mean, clearly this guy feels he's invincible.
And he's not.
But, I mean, again, to go back to this whole, you know, fact that the digital crimes don't carry that same weight.
Like, obviously he's been ordered by a judge to go under a psychiatric examination and sentencing will continue next month.
But they're not, I mean, I bet, unfortunately, it's not even going to be that serious whatever sentence he gets.
Because the punishments aren't really fitting the crimes these days.
It's, I don't know. But, I mean, it's also Canadian, which I'm not going to profess to know anything about their law system or what their sentencing and so forth looks like.
But I just, I feel like whatever it is, it's going to not be enough to match the types of psychological trauma he inflicted on people.
For example, called a police report on an Arizona student claiming he shot the student's parents with an AR-15 rifle.
So police removed several members of the family at gunpoint and the victim eventually withdrew from university out of fear for her safety.
So, I mean, like, maybe he didn't quote unquote physically hurt anybody or kill anybody.
But he fucking hurt this person emotionally. He ruined this person's life in a way.
And so it's like, he's just going to get a slap on the wrist for this.
I just, I don't know. It's so frustrating. Don't encourage this type of behavior.
Because somebody online egged him on. Anyway.
But at the same point, he made the decision to do it.
Oh, no, no, no.
He is ultimately responsible for himself.
Absolutely. Absolutely. And I'm not, you know, discounting that at all.
But I'm also saying, I guess in that regard, I'm also saying he didn't kind of act alone.
There's kind of like other people that...
It's just, though, that we shouldn't look for a scapegoat in online forums and things like that.
The people who do the things they do need, you don't need to look outside for the blame.
You need to look for the contributing factors, but ultimately hold them responsible for the shit that they do.
That's fair. But I do still feel like it's an opportunity for the online community to do better.
Like, you know, you look at stuff like, you know, why does anybody follow Lizard Squad on Twitter?
Why does anybody give them attention?
And here I am giving them attention, which sucks.
But I, you know, have to mention this story and so forth.
It's kind of one of those things where it's like, why does anybody cheer anything that they do?
So, anyway. Just a thought out there.
Bonds006 in chat with a comment here says,
Well, also, Rob, on the other foot for the movement, the old view of video games as kids play,
the law and courts won't hand down heavy punishments until a life is lost.
It shouldn't have to come... I would argue a life wasn't lost per se, but a life was forever changed,
and not necessarily a positive way.
Tigerclaw says they should make an example of him and punish him.
Should they? Remember that whole thing where Supernanny's gonna come out and,
and yes, I know y'all think I have an obsession with Supernanny, it's because I do.
She's gonna come out, bend this kid over her knee, and spank him.
That's what needs to happen.
You've been very, very naughty.
Anyway. Alright, look. Enough on that.
I'm tired of dwindling on the negative.
Let's go to the positive.
And you guys, giving us a call on Skype.
On Skype, 1-877-GAME-OLR, or a username on Skype,
OrangeLoungeRadio if you'd like to give us a call.
Talk about something a little more exciting, a little better, a little happier in other news.
While we wait for the Skype line to ring, I'll check in with Loki and see if he has any last minute stories
while I go to our Twitter at twitter.com slash o-l-r to see if we have any tweets tonight.
Loki.
No, I don't.
You don't?
But I was looking at some of the PlayStation source sales right now,
and they have sound shapes and an ultimate bundle for $4.
Oh, wow.
I wonder if I should pick that up.
It has all the DLC with it.
Oh, does it really?
All of the DLC.
That's way less than I paid for it, that's for sure.
I wonder if I should.
Well, I'll mention this since I'm at the Twitter here while we wait for some phone calls to come in.
I noticed that YYR sent us a tweet, and he sent us a tweet of, you know the game,
Pixel Shits, and it's running on a PlayStation Vita in this tweet.
And it says, I see at Kel the Funky releasing on PSM.
Wait, Unity runs on PSM?
Hey, I have a Unity game.
One hour later at OLR, Pixel Shits running on a PlayStation Vita,
and this could mean that maybe it will be on PlayStation television at some point as well.
Well, too bad that the PlayStation, was it the PlayStation Mobile?
I think is what they call it.
It has already been phased out and will be taken offline in September,
and it's one of those situations where they're removed offline, you can't download them again.
Oh, that's awful.
Yeah, I remember that story coming up a little while ago,
but what if we could get a legit release for Pixel Shits on Vita?
It's not going to happen.
He might have to change the name though, but remember, Pixel Sharts.
Alright, anyway, we have a call on the line, let's get to it.
Hi, you're on Orange Launch Radio, who's this?
Hey, this is Akdeft.
Hey Akdeft, how you doing?
Or maybe I should change my name to Amiibo Deft, or something like that.
Amiibo Deft?
I'm surprised your picture, your little icon on Skype hasn't changed to an Amiibo yet.
You still have your little Kirby, but I'm sure there's a Kirby Amiibo picture coming soon.
Yeah, probably.
Well, what's on your mind? Are you here to talk about Amiibo tonight? Is that why you're joking?
Yeah, you were talking about how the stock, or at least how Amiibo, they're being, sorry,
they're being a little sick.
They're being distributed a little better this time around than before.
And yeah, I want to talk about that specifically because there have been many reports of people
working in Toys for Us, Target, and all the other places that have exclusive Amiibos.
They're getting a ton. Like, wow, they're getting really around 30.
Some stores are getting 50.
As an example, Target, I think, sorry, that one Target is getting 50 Jigglypuffs.
So that's pretty cool.
Wow, yeah, that's a lot. That's good. Good, because I wouldn't mind getting a Jigglypuff. Why not?
But it's NES. Tell me the GameStops are getting 99 of them.
Here's the bad part, because I know you were going to ask about NES.
There have been many, many reports also of NES and GameStop, and it's not pretty, definitely.
Some stores are only getting two, three at most.
It's going to be low stock, so it's going to be really, really tough to get a NES.
It's going to be like, wow.
I was just going to say, I wonder if that's because NES is so popular in Japan,
that they're expecting a lot of those to sell in Japan, whereas maybe Jigglypuff isn't quite as in demand.
I wonder if that has something to do with it.
Maybe, but it's also really hard right now to find a NES, at least a Japanese version, or even a European version of him.
The cheapest price I've seen in Amazon and eBay is around $30 or $35.
So yeah, you have to pay that much, for one.
So unless you're willing to pay that price, then it's going to be tough to get one.
I'm still going to hold out hope that maybe Nintendo addresses with the E3 Direct that they inevitably do.
And obviously, they don't want to put a negative spin on it, so they don't want to acknowledge,
hey, we know people can't find the fucking amiibos they want.
But I'm hoping Nintendo kind of addresses it, saying, and I guess they kind of did a little bit on Facebook.
They put out that kind of very corporate speak message that was like, we know amiibo are a problem.
We're trying to up the inventory.
But it would be nice maybe if we get some specifics.
I mean, this is the date that we're going to be sending many more to these retailers,
and we're going to be doing these three waves of this printing or something.
I don't know. It would help a lot, but we'll see.
Yeah, kind of like with Martin and his restock. Sorry.
I eventually was going to give up on getting one from Amazon or in the United States.
But the restock came, and I eventually got one.
It wasn't a complete or a full restock. Not everyone could get one.
But at least they tried something, and something that you mentioned early on the show,
that Lucario is also getting a restock.
Like, for example, that one store in Kansas City, not in Kansas City, in Kansas,
that got like 50 Lucarios and a lot of DVDs too, which also is really rare to get in the States.
Yeah, I'm curious to see what happens with this whole inventory thing.
But I can't help but think, you know, Nintendo's got to play a delicate game right now,
because at the same token, while these more obscure characters, they're not that obscure,
but I guess obscure to the mainstream, are really, really hard to find,
I noticed that some of the ones that are, like, they almost made too many of them,
and they're going on sale. Like, some of the Marios and Links and Peaches
and some of the more mainstream Nintendo characters are already going on sale.
Like, we've seen Walmart is having sales to unload some of those from shelves.
So, I mean, it's this really interesting kind of delicate little dance that they have to do
to find what is that sweet number of exactly how many a store needs to meet demand.
Yeah, so, well, maybe they're thinking about their more popular series,
so Mario and all the characters in that series are, of course, going to get a lot of stock.
But you know what else happened in those cases is that Nintendo said,
you won't have a problem finding a Mario or a Link or a Peach,
because we're going to make plenty of these mainstream ones.
So by saying that, the scalpers never went for it.
Yeah, definitely. Even though I think Yoshi is getting a little bit harder to get right now,
because it's not that readily available in stores, and even online, the cheapest price right now,
I think it's around $15. It's not that expensive, but still, not MSRP.
Yeah, even I know, walking into Fry's the other day, they had a ton of Sonics still. Like, ton of Sonics.
And Toon Link was like a lot of them. And I was kind of surprised,
because I seem to remember when Toon Link first came out, it was a little harder to find.
So it's just interesting now, they're plentiful.
Yeah, every wave has had their low stock, at least at some point.
Because yeah, I remember that Toon Link was really hard to get, and also Shake.
Or Shake, sorry. But right now you can find them pretty much everywhere,
and they're even cheaper than other Amiibos.
Like, for example, I got recently, I ordered on Friday I think,
one of the Bowser Amiibos from the Super Mario series, the one that you use on Mario Party.
I got it for $9. The Japanese version, but it's still $9 for the Amiibo.
And no taxes also, because it's the Japanese version, so yeah.
Hmm. Alright. Well, my friend, I'm gonna let you go so we can get some more calls.
And I don't know what they're talking about in chat. Why do they not believe it's Act Deaf on the line in chat? I don't understand.
I don't know. What do I have to do to make them believe I am not Deaf?
You have to profess your love for Kirby in Espaol.
Alright, I love it. Take care, my friend.
Hey, you too. Good luck with Ness. Bye. Thanks.
Thanks. Dartitsuya says, Well, I'm sold.
AkumaJP wanted, I'll friend your butt, in Spanish.
1877 Game OLR, our username on Skype. Orange Lounge Radio, if you want to give us a call.
And say hello and talk about whatever you'd like to. If you want to talk about Amiibo, that's fine.
You want to talk about something else we had in the news. You want to talk about porn on Oculus, that's fine.
We can talk about that too. Whatever you want.
But do call in now if you are wanting to get through because we're going to close up the Skype line pretty quick here.
Because we're running out of things to talk about.
I was trying to see if there's anything else on the Orange Lounge Radio Twitter.
I love this one. Redthehaze tweeted us going, President Cat4We confirmed.
And it's because Xseed Games on their Twitter decided to just post a bunch of pictures of cats.
So, don't tease me like that, Redthehaze. It's not too late.
It is not.
Not too late.
It's in the HD Remake, okay?
They're doing Wii games, releasing this digital downloads on Wii U. There's no reason.
Check out these awesome games you missed on the Wii. President Cat.
Just keep all that happening at this point.
And the timing would be perfect with the presidential race coming soon.
That's right. Hillary, Ted Cruz, fuck them both. We got President Cat.
I did want to mention, because we didn't mention it this week, speaking of cats.
Catlateral Damage comes out this week on Steam on Thursday.
And if you have no interest in cats whatsoever, fucking Kung Fury comes out this week as well.
So, it's going to be a good week.
Oh, you're very excited about that.
I am very excited about that.
Alright, one last call for calls. 1-877-GAME-OLR. Our username on Skype, Orange Lounge Radio.
Fifth Dream on the Twitter says,
Clicker Heroes is indeed eating my life. Thanks to LR.
Yep, it will. And your soul.
That's right. It's on Steam.
It is on Steam. I wonder if there's trading cards. There's a reason for you to play that game.
Get out. It's free to play, right?
Yeah. I wonder if it has trading cards.
Oh, you wonder if it has trading cards.
I don't know if it does. I don't know how to look that up.
Is there a way to look that up?
Does it say trading cards in there?
The app. Go to the app. To the app!
I'm going there right now.
Dartitsuya saying,
My new favorite channel is going to show Kung Fury next week. I can't wait.
We've got a six degrees of separation thing going on here, Loki.
Blueberry in chat says,
My sister's boyfriend is editing Kung Fury.
So it's like somebody who's like listening to the show knows somebody who worked on the movie, Loki.
And it has trading cards.
Does it really?
It does. I'm going to have to play it again.
There you go. Awesome.
All right. Well, it looks like the phone line is not lighting up tonight.
So that's probably going to do it for the calls tonight.
But if you think of something you want to submit later, of course, maybe everybody's just waiting for next week.
I don't know. You can always send an email.
Participate at OrangeLoungeRadio.com.
Or you can send us a tweet.
Twitter.com slash OrangeLoungeRadio.
Or hit us up on Facebook or Google Plus as well.
Yes. Next week, of course, is episode 600.
So I'm sure we'll have a lot of people calling in next week.
At least I hope so.
I was thinking maybe because of the three-day holiday, too, with this being Memorial Day.
You know, originally tonight...
For some people.
Well, tonight was going to be episode 600.
It was originally going to be tonight.
And we ended up bumping it back a week because we unexpectedly took a week off when I went to PAX East.
And also we didn't do an episode for...
Oh, the IGDA event happened.
And we didn't end up doing a show that Sunday because we had just broadcasted for like six or seven hours the day before.
So, yeah, that's what happened.
So we unexpectedly took that Sunday off.
So our 600th episode is now next week.
But that probably actually works out better.
Because even though this is a three-day weekend, I think a lot of people are out of town.
So I think we'll have a lot of podcast listeners this week.
Next week there's no excuses.
Nah, no excuse.
Remember DVR or whatever stupid show...
Remember we're going to have live impressions of VR porn.
If that isn't going to get you here, that's it.
I don't know. If we're rolling out porn for episode 600, I don't know what to tell you.
Alright.
Alright, that's going to do it for another episode of Orange Laundry Radio.
Thank you guys so much for downloading and supporting independent broadcasting and independent radio.
You guys are awesome.
And your support has been what's been keeping us going for coming up on 13 years here and 600 episodes.
Man, you guys are the reason.
So thank you so much.
If you enjoyed what you heard here at Orange Laundry Radio, tell a friend or 5 or 50 or 600 about the program.
And help us spread the word.
Because we don't have a big website.
You don't get trading cards for listening to this show.
Although we could fix that.
You do get loot at voggenetwork.com if you check in.
And that's worth about as much as a Steam trading card.
Maybe someday we'll open up a marketplace where you can sell vog loot.
Maybe I'll get It's Time the Car on to Steam.
There you go.
I'm actually planning on doing that eventually whenever I finish some year from now.
I hope so. In 2018 or whenever you finish. That'd be great.
I've seen worse get on there.
And so whatever.
Hey, if I make a sale, that's one more sale than I had before.
That's one person who gets to car.
Here it is.
All right.
So there you go.
We'll see you back here next week for episode 600.
And thanks for listening.
And we appreciate your support.
Help spread the word.
Anyway, let's go around and get everybody's final thought for the night.
Dark Soccer, your final thought for the night.
Balls.
My final thought for the night is coffee.
Loki, last but not least, your final thought tonight.
Did we do FUs of the Week this week?
No, we didn't.
We didn't.
I skipped right over that.
Okay.
I forgot about that.
Do we need to fit that in?
We're precious little angels of positivity.
I'm fine.
No, we can't go 599 episodes and then fucking forget it.
All right.
So quickest FUs ever are going to happen right now.
FU to the stupid teenage children who are at the park who decided to try to harass me
and Julian while he was playing.
No one gives a shit about your bike.
Try paying for a mortgage.
Loki.
FU to the crossing signals by your house.
They've forgotten how the crossing signal.
Yeah, that wasn't very nice of them, was it?
No, I had to make some illegal decisions to get here today.
All right.
And FU to the sun because it's too damn hot and it's not even summer yet.
There you go.
The quickest FUs of the week ever.
And on that angsty note, I can think of no more appropriate way than to set the stage
for episode 600.
Thank you guys again for downloading and checking out the show or listening live,
however you choose to consume the show tonight.
We'll see you in seven days.
Until then, have a good week.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is a production of OLR Studios.
To join us for a live show, tune into fognetwork.com Sunday nights at 6 p.m. Pacific, 9 p.m. Eastern.
The views and opinions expressed in this program do not necessarily reflect those of the staff
of Orange Lounge Radio or VOG Network, but you know they were all still true.
See you next week.
.
