This week, two months before the anniversary of its reveal, a Splatoon demo lands on the
Wii U, reigniting enthusiasm, complaints, and lots of discussion we heard last year.
We'll give you our perspective along with the rest of the week's gaming news, all
starting right now on the show where every gamer has a voice.
And joining me here in studio to talk about video games, gaming culture, and the gamer
lifestyle is DarkSakura, or Jamie Summers.
Hi.
How are you, DarkSakura or Jamie Summers?
Injured.
Injured?
Because I'm stupid.
Oh my god, you're leaving yourself wide open for me to make fun of you, but I'm gonna really
bite my tongue.
I'm in a good mood today.
No, but how did you hurt yourself?
I walked.
My shoe slipped off.
I tripped on it.
So you tripped on your own feet.
I tripped on my shoe.
My foot tripped on my shoe.
You know what that means.
You need some shoes.
Oh my god.
Shoes.
Oh my god, shoes.
I was actually telling Dan that I need shoes that fit, because these are basically my man's
handles, and they're so comfortable, and they're just like, I'm just gonna put these on and
not care what I wear, and my man's handles tried to kill me, so.
All right.
Dan blames my watch.
Oh yeah, your new watch that you got?
Yes, my Apple watch.
The one that will poke you when you haven't moved?
It doesn't poke me, it taps.
It's like tap tap, it's time to stand.
Does your watch actually tell you, I love you, tap tap, kiss kiss, like the cat does
when I'm trying to sleep, the cat will come over and lick my finger, I love you.
You can actually, if you have somebody else who has one, then they can send you like their
heartbeat or draw pictures on their watch to send to you, and I just use it to harass
Dan.
Do you draw a big middle finger and send it to Dan?
I can't, he doesn't have a watch, but I, well he's not cool, how can you be with somebody
who's not cool?
He's cool in other ways.
That's because he has big feet.
Okay, let's move on to somebody else here in studio who has a very big brain, that's
why we call him Tech Master Loki.
I don't have big feet, but whatever.
How you doing, Loki?
I'm doing fine.
Yeah?
What's new with you?
I don't know.
Not much.
Yeah?
Just...
You sound tired.
You had a long week.
Oh, I'm always tired.
What are you talking about?
Kids keeping you up?
Yeah, we went and ate, well yesterday we went and had food at a Brazilian barbecue, so...
Did you go to that place in Roseville we were telling you about?
Yeah.
Oh, how'd you like it?
It was pretty good.
Yeah?
Expensive.
It is expensive, but it's pretty good, yeah?
It was pretty good.
You're in a food coma now?
No, I'm not really.
Not to eat the garbage.
They were trying to give me sausages and chicken and stuff, and I'm like, chicken?
I didn't come here to buy chicken.
I came here to eat all your top sirloin and keep it coming.
And that's what I did.
But I did try everything.
Nice.
Even the chicken?
Yeah, even the chicken.
Like, a few different varieties of chicken, like chicken wrapped in bacon, chicken...
Yeah, so did they have all the bacon wrapped, everything?
Because that's what always makes you happy.
They had bacon wrapped pork, I had bacon wrapped pork.
A filet, or bacon wrapped filet mignon, and bacon wrapped chicken.
Wow.
That's a lot of bacon.
The problem was that the bacon wasn't that crispy, so a lot of times I ended up just
pulling the bacon off, and it wasn't, it's just, it's salty.
Well, to cook it with the meat like that, you can't really, you know, crisp it up too
much, so...
Eh, you could try it harder.
Alright.
Well, we do tape live every Sunday night at the Voice of Geeks Network, voggetnetwork.com,
immediately after the Bobby Black Wolf show at 6 o'clock Pacific, 9 o'clock Eastern, and
if you are listening to us live, you should head on over to our chat room at live.voggetnetwork.com,
and some folks commenting there on the watch, saying, let's see, Kaijuto, actually talking
about Jamie tripping on her feet in the shoes, saying, could be worse, they could have been
roller skates.
Well, luckily, you don't work as...
I'm not Roller Girl.
You're not like a Roller Girl at Sonic, or whatever.
I was thinking of the other Roller Girl.
From Boogie Nights?
That's not me.
Wow, your mind instantly, I was trying to think, like, who actually has girls on roller
skates, or guys on roller skates, who has those, like, anymore, and Sonic Drive Thru
is the only thing I can think of that actually still has that, so.
I can't think of a lot of environments where you wear roller skates still, unless you work
at a roller rink.
That might be another one.
Are roller rinks still popular?
Do kids have birthday?
I want to go to a roller rink.
I haven't been roller skating in, like, a year.
There, without giving out my address on air, there's one really not far from here.
So, wait, oh, oh, oh, wait, no, no, you can't talk in studio without coming on a mic and
saying something.
Come here, no, I'm serious, you're causing crappy radio.
Grab a mic here.
It's live radio.
There should be a yellow mic on the ground.
Grab that.
And here in studio, uh, joining us is Shane.
Just really quick, I was gonna say that little kids in elementary school have those shoes
that are also skates, and I still see them all over the place.
Heelys.
Yes.
I'm jealous, because those are amazing.
Don't, I wish those had been around when I was a kid, like, where they would walk in
and then they just-
All we got were light-up shoes, which are kind of cool, but not as cool as skates.
I am a little older than you all admit, but when I was in junior high, it was all about
pumps.
Dude, that was before my time.
Oh, that, that was the big, you remember pumps?
Yeah.
That was the big thing.
Well, it was either that or, well, that was the, like, right, and then the whole grunge
thing happened, and then it was all, everyone wore vans.
Everyone wore vans.
Like, the prize they got, like, the big kids got those prizes on, like, Make the Grade
on Nickelodeon and stuff like that.
I was like, I don't understand what you do with those, but light-up shoes were my thing
back when I was younger.
Awesome.
Goodbye.
Wait, wait, since you're here, I was just gonna say, you've got, you've put Alan to
work tonight.
Alan's here, and he's working in the other room on your new computer.
Three days now, we're, we're fine-tuning it.
So, so tell us a little-
It's just a baby.
Tell us about your new computer.
It's blue.
You splurged, you bought a new computer.
It's blue.
What are the specs?
There's a question people are gonna want to know.
What are the specs?
He doesn't even know the specs on the damn computer.
Four, three blue fans that light up.
Since I looked at it, you know, it's got, let's see, G-Force was an EVGA GTX 980, super-clocked
GPU in it, and I'm not sure of the processor, because that's under a chip, but they have
a, what was it, an Asus Hero 7 motherboard on there.
Alan, please speak for Shane, since he's dumb and doesn't even know his own computer.
Yeah, I was the brains, and Shane was the pocketbook.
Yeah, it's got the 980 GTX overclocked on it, and 16 gigs of RAM, which I think we got
at 1866 speed, which isn't the best, but we're trying to have a little bit of a budget.
The processor is the i7, I think, 4790 Intel, it's whatever the top one is, 4 gigahertz,
and no, we're not overclocking it.
So then why spend the money on the i7, did you do the i7K, or is it the, you know, just
the regular i7 one?
I think it's just the regular i7.
Oh, okay, that's like 100 bucks cheaper.
Let me ask this question, since Shane's not in the room anymore and can't defend himself.
Did he really just buy this computer for no other reason than to play Heavensward?
No, there are other games.
There was content in the base game that he couldn't do because of his little computer.
His little computer was like eight years old, so he's due.
Like I can't, we can't razz him that much.
I was able to run World of Darkness today, and I could get through it with no lag, which
is a first.
So it makes playing games harder though, because I'm used to compensating for that.
Will you play anything else on that computer?
I've already played Heroes of the Storm.
Okay, alright.
I've played several games with that.
Even hard to play because I'm not compensating for lag anymore.
But yeah, that's actually a really fun game now.
Fair enough.
And three bright blue LEDs.
Three.
Three.
That's the most important thing.
How fast does Tumblr load?
I don't know.
I haven't been to Tumblr.
Okay, alright.
Not you.
Alright, there it is.
Let's see.
And of course now it started a whole like, ACES rocks, fuck ACES, and this whole thing
in our chat room.
See?
You should have left it at three blue fans.
They're just like, oh, I gotta keep talking about it.
This is the internet.
Somebody in chat would have been like, why don't you get green fans, asshole?
Because green is ugly compared to blue.
They're arguing over her.
There's a lot of fans in green, but yeah, ACES is, see, because my last two laptops
were ACES, and they're good and they're bad at the same time.
It's like, they have pretty decent specs, but their driver support is fucking terrible.
For example, my laptop has an AMD APU in it, along with a dedicated Radeon GPU.
And if I want, it does like the dual GPU thing, but if I want to select only one GPU, like
to say, running just a dedicated GPU on it and not the one on the APU, fuck you.
You can't do that.
You can only run the one on the APU by itself.
The slower of the two.
What the fuck?
That doesn't make any sense.
Oh, hey, you want updated drivers for your AMD chip that we made specially for this laptop?
Fuck you, those are a year old.
So yeah.
But they make decent boards sometimes.
But then what's been keeping this going for like three days?
Like Shane's computer hasn't been working in three days, and one day was the hard drive
wasn't compatible or something?
Yeah, we needed to get a different hard drive, and there were just other things that weren't
booting up right.
And then yesterday, I don't remember, but there were things yesterday.
And then last night, my fans, two of my blue lights were not lighting up, and so I figured
out that the fans weren't working, a couple of them, actually five of them.
Well, heaven forbid your blue lights don't work, that's the most important part.
And to Ranma's question, how big is a hard drive, he has a standard hard drive and a
solid state drive in there.
Yeah.
Didn't you have like a three terabyte drive, and then what you're saying was like, I don't
know what this is.
No, and I took it back.
That's funny.
And that's it.
All right, I know we're spending an awful lot of time talking about specs on a new computer
here.
I'm going to be honest, it's kind of a slower news week in gaming this week, so we are going
to invite...
So just talk about the Konami hate, that's all you need to do.
Funny enough, we're going to get into that right at the top of the room.
Well, then maybe I'll say something, because it's fun.
With our kickoff topic for the third week in a row, I want to talk about that a little
bit.
But I just want to say, we had a great interview last week on the show, and if you missed last
week's show, you should go back and check that out.
It did make last week's show pretty long, it was about a three and a half hour show
last week.
So this week may be a little bit shorter just because we don't have as much stuff to talk
about tonight with as little as going on in the gaming world.
But we are going to open it up for you guys to ask your own questions.
So if you have questions and you want to fill our suggestion box with topics for us to talk
about tonight, or...
Don't do it via email.
I'm kidding.
No, yeah, don't do it via email.
Actually, you can tweet them to us.
For Ask Orange Lounge, send us a tweet at O-L-R.
But if you want to email me something, go ahead.
Yeah, you can also email Dark Sakura.
We'll take things in chat a little later on too, and you can ask gaming related things.
You can ask personal related things, as long as it's not too personal.
So we'll get into those questions a little later on.
Again, don't put them in chat right now because I'll lose them, but we'll ask for those questions
a little later on.
If you want to email us, you can do that.
Or tweet us.
Anyhow, so as I promised here at the top of the show, we could, for the third week in
a row, talk about this Konami and PT situation.
Now hold on, because I'm sure some of you out there are like, God damn it, get over
it.
Stop talking about it.
This is the third week in a row you're talking about the same damn thing.
However, you have to understand, this drama keeps unfolding by the week, and we have an
obligation to discuss.
I agree with that, I'm not over PT.
Some of us will probably-
We're having PTSD.
That's very accurate.
We are having PTSD.
So here it is.
The news that came out this week about PT, you remember last week?
Last week, once the demo was taken offline, there were some tests being done by different
websites that you could still download the demo as long as you'd flagged it on your account.
We all breathed a sigh of relief.
Those of us that don't own PS4s yet, thank God we still flagged it on our account.
I'll be able to check out PT whenever I eventually get a PS4.
And then earlier this week, JK, LOL, the file has been deleted from Sony's servers.
And even an alert went out to all the PT owners.
I got one because I have it.
An alert came in in the notifications menu in PS4 that said, this item is no longer available
in the store.
I'm paraphrasing here, but if you delete it, you will no longer be able to download it.
So in other words, back up your PS4 if you are interested in keeping that PT demo.
I wonder if there's a way to get the data off.
Well, you know what they say, hackers gonna hack.
So I'm sure they're gonna figure it out somehow.
And I would think...
Get on it, hackers.
I think it would be very easy to, let's say, I back up to my drive, and then I run the
restore on somebody else's PS4.
However, obviously, that would be tied to my gamer tag, or, oops, wrong console, whoops,
my gamer name or whatever, what do they call it on?
ID.
ID, thank you.
PlayStation ID.
But if it's on the...
It's a fucking gamer tag, it's just Sony's version of it.
Come on.
But if it's on the computer, and my account is flagged for it.
I don't know, because I think...
It's not gonna work, you can't do that.
Your gamer ID is like embedded in those files.
It knows, like if you go into the more, it knows who owns it.
So I think that's the problem.
But I would wonder if I sign into your PS4, then we could play it, but you wouldn't be
able to like always have it.
Anyway, Dungeon Buster says, I just got that message from Sony about PT when I booted my
PS4 today.
It is gone, and if you delete it from your system, it will be gone forever.
Sony thanks you for your participation, but we cannot compensate you for your tears of
sadness.
I have a feeling though...
He's paraphrasing too.
I'm pretty sure why it's removed though, like that, like it is.
Because it contains the likeness of someone now no longer licensing his likeness for said
event.
Yeah, that's exactly what it boils down to.
Absolutely.
It's the normal reader's issue.
Unless they did, you know, like a different ending to it, I mean it's not his face throughout
the game.
Right.
So...
But was his voice in it?
No.
He recut it with, what's his name, the fake VP that they had there for a while.
Or what about that frog, Pepe, the frog that's a tumbler?
Oh god, it'll be Frogger!
Fucking Frogger!
It's like, fuck you!
And there'll be frog fractions too, you know.
You also have to remember that in the statement after they pulled it, Konami seems to have
some sort of hatred towards it too, because they called it the embryonic Silent Hills,
like saying it never really got anywhere.
So I think they just are terrible people and should die.
That's pretty strong language.
Well, it's Konami.
They deserve it.
They aborted the PT.
I don't know how I feel about such strong language throughout the program.
I just, I don't think anyone should die, I just think...
Well the company, the company, if the company as a whole, not any specific people.
I don't think the company's gonna die, I just think it's, you know, they're just gonna do
their own thing.
That thing is not Silent Hills.
Well, it'll be just like, you know, they'll go the route of like Atari, where Atari's
just kinda hardly there anymore.
Maybe the next Silent Hill will be as hilarious as Driver 3, if that's the case.
You know what I want someone to do is I want someone to pull the data, and then make an
emulator that's just called PT Emulator.
You never know, anything's possible.
Or we can make a kart racing game called PT Cruiser.
Bobby Blackwolf in our chatroom over at live.vognetwork.com saying it's just a video game.
Nobody needs to die over a video game.
Ask Pyramid Head how he feels.
Just saying.
Alright, no, I absolutely agree with that.
Shane's just being dramatic.
Don't listen to him.
So you know how like, you know, in Silent Hill, a lot of the monsters and everything
are the manifestations of like people's fears or whatever and stuff.
So what about people being depressed about PT being deleted?
What exactly would that manifest itself in Silent Hill?
Again, no one has to die, just the company.
That's all I meant.
It would be the rabbit.
Well, corporations are people now too, so I mean, I guess it could...
Okay, enough, enough.
No more PT talk unless somebody's, we're going to have zombie PT that comes out from Kojima
and Guillermo del Toro get together at some future company and make a spiritual successor
somehow.
We'll see what happens.
Anyway, let's move on.
We're going to get into how was your gaming week and talk about the video games that we
have been playing this week, and then we'll get into the news.
Dark Sakura, how was your gaming week?
It was kind of eventful.
I played some Final Fantasy 14.
I played some, what else did I play, oh yeah, I'm still playing through Jaws of Hakkon because
I've had to take my time with it because of, you know, real life stuff.
And I watched the PT walk through eight times.
Did you burn a candle in memory and cry?
And I did some flipping off and screaming in disgust.
It's just a video game, Jamie, it's just a video game.
And I played a game on my Apple watch.
I played Tamagotchi.
The Tamagotchi on my watch sucked.
I mean, it was kind of cool because like, it's like the whole little egg baby thing
and it's looking neat, but the watch app version needs some work before I can play
any more of it.
But I did Shazam a bunch of songs on my watch and that was cool.
I played some Bejeweled.
I broke a million in butterfly mode, again.
They've changed Bejeweled so many times they have all these like silly modes and things
like I have no idea.
I love butterfly mode.
I sign in and it's like, get the new sparkle fart for 50,000 gems and then you can get
rainbow pooping for a hundred thousand gems and it will cause just unicorns to defecate
all over your screen.
The butterfly mode is actually really fun because you have like the jeweled spider that
eats the butterflies.
Okay, see what I'm saying?
Not that far off from the truth.
It doesn't make any sense anymore.
I know.
I actually like the music in that part of it because it makes me think of like almost
a fairy solitaire almost.
Why can't it just be matching three of the same shape and color with space background?
That's just not enough anymore.
That's not enough.
It's 2015.
Get with the program.
The butterfly mode is actually a really neat variation of the puzzle.
I've gotten pretty good at it.
Just that's all.
Was that a sparkle fart?
Thank you.
That's a sparkle fart.
Alright, it matches your shirt there.
She's wearing a reading rainbow shirt but it's got like nyan cat or something.
It's all pixely.
It's all pixely.
Love it.
I think it's supposed to be a book.
Take a look.
It's a book.
It's on her shirt.
Alright.
It's the butterfly book.
Let's move on.
Butterfly in the sky.
To Loki.
Talk of butterflies today.
I don't know what that's all about.
It's spring.
Alright, well this week I didn't play a whole ton of stuff.
More oculus rift things.
In fact, actually that headset makes a nice little indent on my face.
Looks like I've been wearing ski goggles or something like that.
So that's kind of fun.
I did play some stuff on my Xbox 360.
I finally booted it up to download Goat Simulator for it because Goat Simulator doesn't run
very well on my laptop.
I mean it runs okay but I thought, oh hey, they have an update to Goat Simulator.
I'm going to check it out on the Xbox 360 but come to find out they don't update the
360 version so it's actually about two or three updates behind.
Oh well.
But it's still fun and ran a lot better than it did on my PC.
So there's that.
And then, what else?
I worked a little bit on my game.
I was getting the cat animation, like the walking thing down, and I finally got that
working now but I had split it off into its own separate script and now I'm just kind
of incorporating it back into the script that once you fling the cat it stops moving, it
pops back up so it's standing.
So now there.
But it's ridiculously stupid.
The way it looks is just dumb.
I can't wait for everyone to see it because it's terribly stupid and I love it.
Well good luck finishing that up.
Can't wait to play.
Let's see, my gaming week.
Again, a lot of the same stuff I've been playing.
More Final Fantasy XIV, I finally got my ninja to 50 so now I'm working on my marauder for
no good reason.
Leveling that up.
I think I just want every class at level 30 or above and maybe if I have the time before
Heaven's Word I'm going to get them all to 50 so I can get that crown so I can wear my
crown everywhere I go and say worship me for the queen that I am because I play a female
toon in Final Fantasy XIV.
So there's that and I've also been playing Heroes of the Storm a little bit.
I hadn't played that in a while but all the talk we had about it on the show last week
kind of and the fact that I'd given Jamie a beta key and then I inadvertently gave the
entire chat room a beta key.
You know what?
I already had it.
Oh really?
I already had the beta.
Well there you go.
I mean seriously, does anybody not have the beta yet who doesn't want to play?
Who wants a key?
Rob gave me one.
I've got like two more.
I think it's to the point there's more keys than people that want to play but Heroes of
the Storm I had some fun with that and I just like playing co-op in that because it's way
less stressful in the PvP and people don't like lose their crap because in PvP people
get crazy and they say things that they shouldn't say and yeah it's just unfortunate.
So yeah I like to stick to co-op in Heroes of the Storm and that's plenty of fun.
Something new that I played this week as I think many of you around the globe played
for the very limited time that you were able to play it this week was the Splatoon global
test that they did.
If you've been watching the Nintendo Direct or were paying attention on social media you
caught wind that Nintendo released a special demo that was basically a stress test and
because it was a stress test for the multiplayer servers it was only open for a one hour window
three separate times and one of them was Friday night at eight o'clock our time.
Another time was at four in the morning and then the third time was I think at noon on
Saturday.
I think those are the three times.
I'm glad that they feel that three hours of preparation is enough.
Well here's the thing.
A I'm pretty sure each of those one hour windows was one for the U.S. one for Japan one for
Europe.
I'm pretty sure what.
Oh I'm sorry one hour windows.
But you know considering it was a stress test or whatever I got on there and I played and
it worked fine.
I played a few matches and I got to say I like the game.
I thought it was a neat little twist on the typical shooter variety.
The fact that it's judged not by necessarily how many kills you get and so forth but how
much paint you've spread around the arena for your team.
And of course I played the paint roller person as I think a lot of you were playing too when
you kind of figured out the paint roller was a little OP because you just run over somebody
and they're like done.
It's like you literally steamroll over somebody.
So that one was a lot of fun to play but I wonder if they're not going to be doing some
balancing issues last minute and looking at some of the feedback that comes out of this
test and doing a little bit of balancing before the game goes live.
But it did convince me enough that it is a game I want to pick up when it comes out.
I was a little bit on the fence but I had a good enough time where I was like I've let
me put it this way.
I've never come in first place in a shooter game until I played Splatoon.
I was like wow this is not a feeling I'm used to experiencing but that'll be fun so I'm
going to pick that up.
However just to address the elephant in the room this is something everybody's talking
about right now and has been talking about for a couple months with Splatoon is the fact
that there's no voice chat in the game.
And I have to admit it's a little silly that there's no voice chat and it's something that
the game could benefit from.
Think of the children that could hear profanity for the first time ever because outside there's
just no profanity.
Did we read Destiny for the same problem?
Because Destiny did the same thing out the gate for the same reason.
So let's get that clear for starters.
They're not doing anything different.
I think it's even worse that Destiny did it.
But Destiny realized that instead of the way they set it up what they should have done
is done opt-in instead of it's on by default so that everybody has to hear what could potentially
be you know bad language.
It's opt-in and when you're playing with your friends it's something that you can use.
And I really think Splatoon could benefit from that same type of model and it's really
hard to give the whole argument of well toxic people when it's going to be opt-in and you're
going to use it with your friends and that's kind of what Mario Kart 8 does.
Which works fine.
So I just again it's not like I'm not going to sit here and be all like I'm not going
to buy the game because it doesn't have voice chat.
Fine.
You can use Skype.
You can use cell phones.
Why can't they just like have...
But it's silly.
It's I mean come on I know there's a lot of Nintendo loyalists out there so come on.
Come on.
Why can't they just have like you know they have an Xbox of the parties where you join
a party with your friends yeah and you talk over whoa was this any game I want?
Really?
Or hey I could be in a completely separate game and I can still talk to my friends.
That's just like makes sense.
So why don't they do that?
Some folks in chat disagree on the voice chat thing.
Dar Tetsuya saying I didn't feel like I needed voice chat except maybe one instance where
I was pinned down with no way out.
Kaijuto says you can jump to where your teammates are and it has preset chat so it should be
fine.
And Act F saying yeah I didn't miss the voice chat.
It was you know in the stress test you couldn't play with friends.
It was a very bare bones and I understand they don't want to give it away they want
you to buy the game so I'm not like really like them out of shape about it.
It played very much like an E3 demo.
So it was just like you turn it on and you you get the whatever people you get dealt
in the random and so forth.
But I just like I could see playing this with friends it would be so much more entertaining
if we could talk to each other and talk a little bit of trash with friends would be
fun like not not to a disgusting level but you know I think I think that is an experience
that you know again it's in Mario Kart 8 so I don't understand why I can't be here.
I just I think that decision is a little silly and I'm sorry I'm not willing to just say
oh well I'm just you know I'm I'm it was a really weird thing to cut out anyway.
So that was the Splatoon thing otherwise that aside that's actually a minor complaint
in the scope of things because I do think the game you know played well.
I like the fact that you could have the motion controls turned off although I didn't find
the motion controls to be terrible.
I know some people were like I'm turning that off the minute I download this demo I'm going
in the option menu and turn it off.
I didn't find it to be so horrible once you kind of got used to it it was actually like
I felt like I almost had more control when I had the motion thing on than I did with
the thumb stick.
But I did find I was like constantly having to reset the camera because your whole motion
is just basically based on your default position for your holding the Wiimote or the Wii U
gamepad or whatever but that seems to always change when you're in the excitement of a
fast-paced multiplayer game so that's that.
And act-deft in chat over at live.vognetwork.com saying a lot of people love the motion controls
yeah I didn't think they were that bad at all so and darktattoo is saying I thought
the motion controls helped with fine-tuning your aim so yeah I would say if you were one
of those people that was like nope I'm turning motion controls off first thing because it's
a gimmick I would say hold up hold up give it a try try it once play through the tutorial
with it and then see what you think because you might be pleasantly surprised.
Kajudo saying it felt like a mouse yeah I think that's a good way to good way to phrase
it it felt like a mouse.
The one other thing that I played this week on Wii U was and I forgot this came out a
couple weeks ago but this is silly the amiibo tap game what's it called Nintendo's greatest
bits I think it's called and it's the amiibos I think it should have been Nintendo's greatest
biddies or something I don't know just show me your biddies their bits they're showing
us their lady bits and their boy bits their bits but anyway if you haven't heard of this
I think most of you have it's just a silly little free download where you can tap your
amiibo to the screen whichever ones you have and you will unlock three minute micro demos
basically from a random game but it's different scenes from said random game so as an example
the first one I did was my Mario amiibo I touched to the screen and logically what did
I get Legend of Zelda Link to the Past was the demo I got from my Mario amiibo but each
time you tap the amiibo to the screen it loads like a different save state from the ROM but
there's nine different places within the ROM so the first time is like the very beginning
of the game the second time you tap it you can I think it's the first boss fight with
all the little bouncing night guys that bounce around the room so you can play different
scenes from the game and the cool thing is the timer does reset every time you tap the
amiibo so you're not limited to three minutes for the whole thing so you can play three
minutes from each scene but if you want to play more than that of course please visit
the virtual console shop but my Wii Fit Trainer from Japan the one that Akuma JP got me thank
you thank you my Wii Fit Trainer gave me what I thought was the best one that I unlocked
I got Super Mario Kart from the Wii Fit Trainer and the reason why I thought that was good
is because it you can do an entire race in Mario Kart in three minutes so it's basically like you
tap it once you can play Mario Circuit you tap it again you can play one of the boo houses and
Rainbow Road of course is in there the only time I ran out of time was playing Rainbow Road because
the very last scene I think there's like eight scenes in Mario Kart and number eight is Rainbow
Road 150 CC as Mario and it's like the original Mario Kart didn't have drifting so it is really
hard I forgot how hard the old Mario Kart game is especially after playing Mario Kart 8 so much
but you know what for quote-unquote free I thought it was a cute little added value for the amiibo
that I already had you know it's hard to complain about something free I think a lot of times when
folks play emulated games and all that I think there's a lot of people that have the worst
ADD when playing those old games that probably don't play them for more than three minutes at
a time anyway so I think it's enough to get a little bit of a taste so I was like whatever
it's kind of cute it's cool act deft in chat says it was a neat concept but it failed not that bad
but not good either amiibo tap could have been something more like NES remix yeah that would
have been even better if you know not only did you unlock like the classic game but maybe it was
like a skin that you could use in another game or something where you can mix and match a little bit
I don't know I guess that'd be too complicated though for something that's kind of a free
concept that's essentially a demo for virtual console games but there you go all right let's
move on to some housekeeping tonight for housekeeping tonight I want to make sure at
some point during the show because it is Mother's Day after all today so a very happy Mother's Day
to all the mothers mother figures mother type people that are out there whether that be to
people or to our furry friends Happy Mother's Day to all y'all out there and of course I always like
to plug during our housekeeping segment our Twitter twitter.com slash olr and our Facebook
facebook.com slash orange lounge radio we will still be here for the coming weeks I don't think
we have a week off planned I am NOT going to e3 this year which we talked about in a previous
week so we should be here during those nights episode 600 is coming up though it will be if I
did the math right episode 600 would be June no may 31st to be the very very very last day of May
so we'll look forward to having you all here then let's get into some news tonight video game news
what little what little there is but we'll talk about it Loki so I you know I was reading this
I'm like Jesus like Sega to gonna be going their way of Konami as well Sega is not gonna have a
booth at e3 this year basically you know I don't know if it's not surprising but I don't even know
if they have what do you have coming out I mean I don't even know what's on Sega slate right now
because I don't know I don't even know what they have the Atlas stuff too right that was the part
I thought Atlas still had stuff coming so that's what kind of surprised me persona says Shane I
wonder if maybe the Atlas is having their own Atlas is its own thing I thought didn't I don't
think that Sega didn't buy Atlas out why am I yeah they did yeah yeah I just maybe they're just
running it as a separate thing I think they have their own booth Atlas usually did but you know
basically saying you know with the majority of our bigger bigger titles launching later in 2015 or
2016 perfectly particularly those from our triple-a studios relic entertainment sports
interactive and creative assembly we are concentrating our efforts for some of these
major announcements after our relocation because the relocating to Southern California
um so I guess I'm fine with that I don't know want to see what they have I guess what maybe
they'll make announcements but just won't show anything Atlas does have a booth by the way yeah
I said that show yeah and they kind of go along with that Sega has announced that they're removing
some of their back catalog games off of mobile and then list exactly what yet but some of them
are gonna be gone soon I'll be including both on the Google Play Store Samsung App Store Amazon
App Store and the App Store on iOS I heard down this is a quality related thing that they were
basically taking games that they believed were not good which was weird that you know well obviously
they didn't say it that way but that's basically what it means is that games that aren't up to a
certain standard or games that people were like this game sucks they're gonna just pull from the
mobile and they're basically cleaning it up so that way when you go visit Sega yeah on whatever
school here's here's how they put it they put it you know it is important for us to ensure that all
of our fans regardless of the platform or operating system have a great playing experience and after
evaluating our complete list of titles we have determined that a number of them no longer meet
our standards as a result we'll be removing these titles and in our chat there's some folks trying
to clarify the whole what's the Sega and Atlas relationship Rama saying Atlas is a subsidiary
of Sega and Game Guru says Sega owns Atlas but it's ran like a separate company kind of like
the relationship with Disney and Marvel and Lucasfilm so that's how it all works that's why
Atlas has its own booth but Sega doesn't but I mean hypothetically there still could be crossover
I mean you still see Marvel and Lucasfilm characters at Disney parks so you know there could be some of
that but I I get what you guys are saying so yeah and you know knowing that the PC stuff is gonna
have a big presence and Sega has been doing more and more with PC maybe that's what they'll they'll
show stuff I wish Phantasy Star Online 2 would be one of them but I'm not gonna hold my breath yeah
I just like it why does Sega continue to deny me Phantasy Star Online 2 I do not understand which
you can actually get with translation patches and I thought they weren't clamped it down said it was
harder to get in from a IP over here in the States not that I've noticed huh I thought there was
something of course I haven't played it in like a year or so I want to check it out be fun it was
okay it would just was more of the same well isn't that always what it was all right I mentioned
earlier in the show that I was checking out the Splatoon demo this week the little stress test
and very interesting kind of follow-up to that is that after the stress test was conducted on
Friday the game shot up to the top of the Wii U bestsellers chart on Amazon but then of course
that makes me go well if it's just the Wii U's bestsellers chart what exactly is the competition
right now not sure what else is but I guess it's worth noting that pre-orders are even selling
faster than say Smash Brothers or Mario Kart 8 or what have you so it does seem like it just it
does feel like I got that vibe from Twitter and social media that the demo was convincing people
if they didn't already have it pre-ordered okay this is something I want to get I didn't see a
lot of negativity about the demo out there that's just my perspective granted and the people I
follow on Twitter but that was the feeling I was getting as a reminder the game is out Friday May
29th so that's about two and a half weeks from now so we'll see how well the game sells sells
at that point is that this is a big thing for Nintendo because it's a new IP but a huge
important Wii U title so we'll see what happens big stuff mm-hmm big big big stuff big stuff I
want to play it but of course I don't have a Wii U yet well how about a little bit more news about
Nintendo they're actually offering their new a membership service is going to include non
Nintendo platforms they've included different things for tablets smartphones PCs and you know
there's another one on here listed as dedicated game systems now they also do of course include
their Wii U and 3ds and I think this is more just going into how it's they're expanding into the
mobile market so I guess Club Nintendo is going to be a little bit well I mean this is whatever
is going to be the replacement for Club Nintendo but they're really looking to expand yeah the the
game con the game system is an X which as far as I'm aware is still in development so all right
what do you think could be I mean is it just the tablets you think is whether it's spanning
he sees on it too huh yeah that would be weird for Nintendo to dip into PC that's not something
we've really talked about before I mean we've heard about the smartphone expansion but Nintendo
coming to PC yeah unless now remember the company that's partnering with Nintendo and I forget the
name off top my head the D day days crap I can't remember their name DNA so like that DNA the
company that's making the mobile versions maybe they are also going to have games that are on PC
or something and maybe they would join in so maybe like these partners of Nintendo could possibly
have the stuff on the PC that crosses over that could be it but I just thought that was a really
weird call-out like we all know that Nintendo is you know taking those steps and dipping their big
toe in the water with mobile but the PC part that kind of surprised me that is hear anything about
that this year at e3 I almost positive they said in fact this week not to expect it at e3 this year
so I don't know what we're getting at e3 this year especially with the whole Star Fox the whole
steam I feel like Nintendo's got our Fox more Zelda yeah more 3ds games I don't know I'm no
Zelda they said Zelda's not going to be at e3 this year remember okay well cool then my expectations
are even lower well hold on negative but remember Splatoon we didn't know about going in the last
e3 you know and granted it's taken us what 11 months to get to this point where the game is
finally out but Splatoon was nothing I mean you couldn't predict that at all like that was
something completely out of left field and new it was a new thing for Nintendo so I kind of think
that's where we're going with this e3 is that even though we're all sitting here going well it looks
like Metroid awesome I I wish that would be the case now the fanboy me would love the Metroid thing
to be true but I kind of think if Nintendo is playing with these new IPs maybe that's what
we're gonna see I kind of think one of those Miyamoto touch concept things maybe one of them
has been fleshed out into a fuller game and that's going to be a new IP that we see this e3 so I
think that's what is making Nintendo a little harder to predict this year otherwise I think
the 3ds I think you'll see a lot of push behind the new 3ds going to holidays and probably some
more games on new 3ds that will get people to buy the new system because it only works on the new
3ds but I fully expect at least bravely second and Final Fantasy Monster Hunter or whatever that
game was called I fully explorers then you have fully expect those games are gonna be 83 for the
western audiences we'll see anyhow let's move on more news Loki so talk about nostalgia but there
is a brand new Kickstarter yes I know Kickstarter brand new Kickstarter by the co-creators of Nick
arcade to create a new game show very similar Nick arcade they're calling it nth level and it
like the original series is going to basically merge they're saying like virtual reality with
like you know actual contestants and everything so filming it on the green screen they have like
these suits and everything they're wearing and so now they're launching their Kickstarter they
have a $350,000 goal and that's really just for phase one they basically create the sets and then
they're needing more money for phase two which I believe is doing the actual production and then
the actual art for developing the games and then for developing you know the actual broadcast TV
show but that's pretty awesome I don't know I I'm pretty excited to see what they do with that
well the only thing that sucks is we're all too old to be contestants now whatever you need to
raise your children to be on this show says it says right here it says it will be a team
based like the original where teens through adults of any age okay okay well then team vog
team vog yes I'd love that absolutely for your consideration it's kind of cool though they're
like talking about some of the other things that they're gonna incorporate with it like VR so
you'll be able to check out you know some of this I guess in virtual reality as well it's kind of
funny on you a little off topic though I was reading you about discovery digital doing some
VR stuff like the new season of Mythbusters are filming in VR as well oh really I'm like I like
that I'll check that out but I'm kind of curious to see how how this works and you know hopefully
hopefully they make their goal right now I believe they weren't sitting on too much from
what I checked last year just over just under $2,000 hmm so we'll see how much they have to
make $350,000 little boy so we'll see I don't know I kind of wonder though like I mean I don't know
what it costs to make a TV show but I think that they'd be able to do that cheaper than that I
don't know maybe it's because somebody has to build the programming for some of those like
games you know well yeah they have to develop the games but executives got to get paid well
they're doing three separate this isn't gonna be the only crowdfunding for this this is just for
phase one which is you know part of it I think they're seeing in their stretch goals that they're
gonna need what was like I think almost three million dollars it was yeah so the first stretch
goal is one and a quarter million dollars and that's where they're gonna be doing completing
the custom game development as well as having you know shipping full game downloads and box
games and stuff like that and then they're looking for almost two and three quarter million dollars
or more to get into the television production part of it I'd like a quarter of a million dollars
right now just to pay off my house payments I feel like we could do olr the TV show for like
250 like I mean two dollars and fifty cents like I just you know enough to buy us ramen to eat
during the show that's I have some in my car there you go there it is donate a thing of instant udon
we can all three eat it there it is oh now now you're okay with olr the TV show I have to be the
mysterious hooded figure you'll wear a costume to every episode that'll be I'll be what it is
what's up bitches I mean costumes you actually just you will be Freddy fazbear every week
sitting here stalking us and a pretty sweet short video I watched earlier today of from
five nights at Freddy's that someone did for like that almost like a trailer for a horror movie
it's pretty cool well if it's gonna actually become a horror movie I'm sure there's lots of
people there's lots of stuff on YouTube I'm sure official trailer click here and it's not the
official trailer okay I have to interrupt this for a moment college students wank project speaking of
horror flicks the new poltergeist better be fucking good I now return you to your regular schedule
are doing five nights at Freddy's for I mean I thought they were wrapping it up in three is it
you know we kind of go on Spaceballs two with this now where it's like you know we need more
money maybe it's the new it's the new generation well maybe it's in the future or like that was
at the the mad TV bit with OJ Simpson we almost caught him that time almost got the killer but
we ran out of money maybe it was close but we ran out of money tiger claws says in chat what
would olr the TV show be like I had a concept for one my response well I had a concept for it was
a reboot of Starrcade actually so I had it all written down that has nothing to do with the show
we do now but that's that's cool I kind of imagine olr the TV show would be kind of like Sabato
Higante because with the the tangents this show has like I would fully expect that like we'd be
sitting here talking about a game and then all of a sudden dancing tacos tacos come out on stage
and dance and and all that and then like random episodes of Monty Python's flying circus now we're
gonna do a random game show and then and now for something completely different here's a skit where
we're gonna make fun of something in gaming I think that's what the olr TV show would be like
to be honest we need Shane for a special segment Shane Shane's trying to leave no come here if you
were on an olr TV show would you be our resident complaining corner person that's you no I don't
complain all the time I'm nice I don't complain that much I just don't care that much I just like
it when you do complain because it's awesome well I can't complain more it's fun it's gonna be Shane
sits on the stump and bitches no you know what I'm doing whenever Shane's on the show you remember
and you can't do that on television ever somebody says I don't know they get slimed yeah I think
they say water you get one whenever somebody said that does not compute it's gray slime I think if
Shane says whatever he should get like a pie in the face or something no cuz there'd be constant
pie in my face I don't want that how about if Shane says whatever he has to eat a piece of pie
do I get to pick the no cuz then I'd throw up that would be a lot too did you explain the amiibo
thing we just did with my Pikachu and what you named it no you would tell the story because I
asked if you want to go for it no you are the worst radio get out of the studio he named it
whatever cuz he asked me what we should name it I was like whatever I don't care so he named it
whatever there it is because he had a pikachu amiibo still in the box he's like he's like tap
it and see what game you get so I was like well I have to register it what do you want to name
me goes whatever so I named it whatever and what did we get so we got Super Mario Brothers the
original I can just imagine that the poke a Pokemon named whatever whatever whatever whatever
that's better than like Mario Brothers you know like remember with the old DS games it's like hey
this game has a bonus Mario Brothers I I love the original why brothers though I really old
arcade machine it's okay but it gets so boring so fast it doesn't get a little repetitive but a lot
of the old games I should have this segment called Jamie reads bad fan fiction or just Jamie yells
out something completely nonsensical when there's a complete other just I would really rather it
would be Gilbert Gottfried reads bad fanfiction but you know that's just how it'd be great can
we afford Gilbert Gottfried maybe doing nothing without Bobcat probably has a podcast everybody
has a podcast no we need Gilbert Gottfried and Bobcat gold wait go go go wait do a debate oh if
something going on in gaming culture like they could debate I don't know gamergate or something
we get them on the show and do that that would be that would be great I'd be so appropriate to
that would be awesome it would be awesome all right we'll do that well just that's when we
become super rich and we'll just replace the cast for like our April 1st episode when these
years I want drag queen mud wrestling see what I mean about the nonsensical alright look back to
reality actually I can't believe this is a reality but you might soon be able to get in the game in a
whole nother way because Nintendo and Universal are teaming up for a theme park and this is not
fanfic this is something that's actually happening Nintendo and Universal are partnering together to
offer and this is a quote from their press release incredibly popular innovative themed
family entertainment experiences based on compelling stories and characters using powerful
storytelling and innovative technology it's a roller coaster and it has Mario on it essentially
that's probably what it's going to be but it could be I mean there's a lot of interesting things they
could do with this I mean I I love the idea of bumper cars as Mario Kart and you could actually
have shells but anyway what about like a little kitty area that's themed after Pokemon that seems
really likely you know like you know VR Mario Kart be pretty awesome you think like a full like VR
like yeah you just days of Thunder right you know like the arcade stuff where you sit down but like
you know how they have a really shitty arcade driving cabinets and stuff where you just sit
down like a box I want something it's like a go-kart but it's got screens around me and
stuff and so it's you know full surround and you're like launching shit at people and you spin out
when you get hit and stuff like that like I want it like that that would be pretty awesome I mean
it doesn't move or maybe can like tilt or something like that but that would be pretty immersive give
me that then I'll go to your stupid Park but I only like Universal like I know our Universal
Hollywood's like such a waste it's just like so small and say okay I just did a full 360 I saw
everything that this park has to offer I mean it's like that small well it's gonna the Harry
Potter thing they tore down the thing the place I used to do the MTV Awards the Gibson am to hear
what it was called the Gibson theater something that they tore that down to build Harry Potter
wizarding world here on the West Coast so yeah it's gonna get bigger yeah you're right over there
no no my wife knew about that and we're gonna go of course you are some kids will be just about the
right age and is it open this summer I don't know if it's open the summer but she wants to go for
herself she's like fuck that kids out of the way I'm getting my wand yeah it's like good for her
good for her I think I like the rides the I had a good time extra fur from courthouse and myself
and his partner we all went to Universal Studios and we rode the mummy and I had no idea what the
mummy ride was I was just like oh there's a ride based off the money Brendan Fraser like whining
about okay no it's a super fast roller coaster that goes forwards and then goes backwards and
extrovert I we had no idea what we were expecting we were like getting in the seats were like does
this thing say it goes upside down like what what is happening why are we having it oh like what the
hell did we just sign up for we get in the ride and it's like screaming like children at the top
of our lungs because you have to ride a roller coaster with extra fur at some point in your life
going a great America what ride were we on the grizzly or something where we're going downhill
and he's like it's killing me and there's like children around good times good times so we will
definitely have to take extra fur to the Nintendo theme park whenever that happens we'll see Bobby
Black Wolf in chat over at live.vognetwork.com says only thing we can expect our characters
walking around the park that would certainly seem like something they can implement rather
quickly and I want to say when Disney got the Marvel thing that was one of the first things
they did too is not only did they have the Iron Man thing at the interventions which badly needed
something new they started dabbling then they had Captain America in there and now I think they're
gonna shut it all down and make it all a Marvel thing I think is what I heard so that's you know
they were experimenting with the Marvel characters and then it was Marvel merchandise showed up in
the parks just as fast so I'm Marvel pin trading oh have we seen pins with Marvel characters yet
I'm sure that has to be a thing if it isn't already I want a Black Widow pin like you wouldn't believe
and I want a Scarlet Witch pin and I don't want any of the guys except Hawkeye I want one of Hawkeye's
butt anyway so I would expect the Nintendo merchandise will show up at Universal Studios
pretty soon uh you know they're running a room to build more stuff at Disneyland so maybe maybe
they'll build a full-on helicarrier to just add Marvel world to or whatever the fuck they're gonna
be more great I would love for Disney to do a thrill ride park but I don't know I don't know
if that would really be a thing but then again they do have some they have more thrill rides in
Orlando than they do out here I mean they have California screaming in Tower of Terror but you
know in Orlando they have the Aerosmith thing they have the Mars ride the test track seems like
they have more of a room can they like bulldoze some more stuff to like build more park I don't
know are they gonna add a third part Disney owns land for either a new parking lot or a third park
but it's not I think the tricky thing is it's not adjacent to the other two it's near the other two
so I mean and technically they could always take like the Toy Story lot and the employee
parking lot is a pretty big they could do something with that if they really wanted to and then build
another parking structure or something I mean do you know the ground make it also underground I
mean I know they have their tunnels and everything but it's true make it even deeper they don't have
that many tunnels though it California's make it full full-on like you know Hunger Games District
13 shit you know where that shit's going down it's so tons of room all right well we'll see we'll
see what develops with this in the coming years I hope you know I'm kind of sitting here going
things like this are gonna take a lot of time and I'm like am I gonna get to see this before
I'm 40 and the answer is probably not dark tech see it says how about a high-speed f-zero themed
coaster ha ha ha ha that'll never happen no no here's the thing is that the Nintendo theme park
it's gonna be something everybody wants to go to everybody's gonna want to go but they're only
gonna sell 200 tickets a day oh they'll have f-zero but it'll be one of those fucking kitty
merry-go-rounds you know the ones that they have out in front like the supermarkets and something
one of the Mario Kart vehicles will just have like a paint for f-zero on it that'll be it
you'll just you'll hear a big blue X in the background and that's about it in like a bathroom
or something like that anyhow to register participation for this week's episode of orange
on radio at vog network comm use the passphrase tune all right let's move on dark soccer you have
something else on a different note well this is sadness sad I need sad music Rob sad music but
who remembers reclaim your game I don't I had no idea it was a thing well reclaim your game was a
company that was supposed to be pushing back against intrusive DRM and working with different
companies to make digital rights management a little bit more palatable but they are shutting
down and here's part of the letter that was written all our YG wanted to do was fight for
gamers but most gamers don't care enough to fight for their rights her name is Lisa fan by the way
that started this most publishers and developers don't care about gamers enough to not shove DRM
into their games and force online registrations and online connections to release half-made or
badly broken games to not fill games with paid DLCs etc whatever we do it hasn't made a difference
to any of that so there's no point including with our YG I've given up my home and have been away
from my family for long enough I made some great friends along the way I've lost them too but now
it's time to say goodbye it sounds a little bit like a rage quit to me which you know and I don't
I don't mean to sound disrespectful or whatever like I I totally get it like you pour so much into
something and then it just seems like you're you're spinning in circles or whatever that could
be extraordinarily frustrating so like I don't mean a little bit it does kind of sound like this
whole like I'm just I'm I quit I walk away I'm done people honestly if it requires effort the
average person doesn't want to do anything that's just how the world is and I I honestly I did I did
think they were doing a really good thing it's just that it's people just sitting by and accepting
that that's how thing is and the fact that there's more people willing to accept it then I would be
angry at the same thing too well I was trying to aim for something that I thought would make things
better for everybody I think there has to be more people out there not willing to have thing if you
feel really strongly that such-and-such game is doing something that's setting gaming backwards
you have to not buy it and you have to make sure other people understand you know what's going on
and why you're not buying it so they can make an educated decision for themselves as well you know
and I I would actually argue and some would disagree with me but that's fine that's what we
do on this show I would say that this type of thing about I'm not gonna support so-and-so is
kind of exhibited by what happened with the Xbox one when the Xbox one announced that you know the
discs were gonna be tied to the console and they that used games were gonna be a thing I mean they
paid the price for that and that console didn't sell and I would say in that regard this site has
something to celebrate I mean it sounds really weird to say to celebrate a failure so I'm not
sure I feel weird phrasing it that way but I think they were more talking about the fact that
there's still especially in terms of a PC gaming there's still way too much of the shit going on
sure but I'm just saying like at the end of the day the the wallet speaks the loudest and you know
Microsoft had to backpedal on a lot of that and change some things when they you know we're we're
really seeing where people were putting their money in their pre-orders when it was coming down
between PlayStation 4 and Xbox one and you know obviously there were other things that came into
play as well but at the end of the day if you really strongly believe something is wrong then
you have to not buy it no matter how much the other cool kids are getting it you have to really
resist that so going to our chat room over at live.vognetwork.com game guru says people don't
want nice DRM they want DRM free or Steam's DRM actf says isn't Steam nice DRM so and some folks
talking about good old games galaxy which I do have a story coming up on this later but I'll
entertain this now saying zero DRM for all the games they offer and they're using Witcher 3 as
a big launch title to help promote it and we'll talk more about the open beta for that a little
later in the show but yeah I don't I mean I don't know you know I don't know what specifically this
you know because again I really didn't know about this website until the story came up tonight so I
don't know what specific movements this thing was targeting but I think there are some success
stories out there as far as you know the gamers being heard about things that they don't like and
I can tell you nothing ticks me off more than when a company gets up there on stage and announces
some type of BS thing about you know more DLC and they say this is what the consumers want because
they're telling me this is what I want and then sitting there going no this is not what I want
you're wrong and that like nothing turns me off on a game or a product faster to be fair anyway
let's travel around the world and check out some release dates some games that you can choose to
buy or not buy coming out soon there's a whole lot this week this week it's basically Final Fantasy
X or 10 and 10 to HD limited edition on PlayStation 4 and project cars on PlayStation 4 and Xbox one
that's it awesome traveling over to Japan honestly it's it's pretty slow over there as well but there
are a few things coming out in Japan on the PlayStation 4 on May the 14th they are also
getting the 10 and 10 to HD remaster in Japan also the Borderlands double deluxe collection
at least that's what they're calling it in Japan I imagine this is the same thing that we got with
handsome Jack it's just called double deluxe there in Japan those are both coming out on the
14th on PlayStation 4 Xbox one also getting the Borderlands collection but not the Final Fantasy
you know I was just kind of looking ahead here just just to take us completely out of topic here
okay I just noticed that there's actually a new Hatsune Miku game that's coming to the 3ds in a
couple weeks that you might be interested in yeah project Mirai DX that is actually a US release
so that's coming out not just in Japan but in the US as well yeah so yeah and that's a Sega release
that's something they could be showing me through oh well I guess it's gonna come out before III so
maybe not maybe not project future yeah so yeah I'd I'd be curious about that sure I like I like
Hatsune Miku those games are fun why not nothing to mention on the Wii U but Splatoon is getting
its Japanese release on May the 28th so essentially getting it right about the same time we are I will
mention though on the Vita there's actually nothing until the 21st so this week is actually kind of
quiet on the Vita which is a change for Japan but on the 3ds this week codenamed steam Lincoln
vs. alien I think I mentioned this last week and there was like nothing coming out but codenamed
steam is coming out in Japan this week and I love the title over there has a different name
Lincoln vs. alien Japan there it is Japanese releases how about the UK dark Sakura on the
11th we have action Hank H e n K on Mac and PC on the 12th we have Final Fantasy for the after
years for PC when word for PC and Mac on the 14th holy crap we have snake rewind on a bunch of
handheld stuff we have Knights of pen and paper 2 as well coming out on handhelds and on PC on
the 15th codenamed steam Final Fantasy 10 HD remaster for PS4 and Final Fantasy 10 2 HD
remaster so those are both coming out there you go just a couple more stories for you guys and
then the classic game of the week Loki all right and so this week there was the big announcement
that well I mean we kind of knew like a time frame sort of but it's been officially announced
that the oculus rift consumer edition will be hitting stores early 2016 and they kind of showed
off what the prototype or the prototype the actual final version looks like on their website
it's interesting I don't know it looks definitely more comfortable than the one I'm been using but
it should be giving us some more information regarding specs and that sort of thing this
week actually but for now they've been just you know saying more to come I'm excited I I can't
wait to pick up the consumer version of one of these I'm hoping it's a reasonable amount of money
it's the one thing that I'm concerned about but ditto and and also that I have a computer that's
fast enough to run it by then though I'd hope that I would have built my new
computer by then you know we'll see uh all right lastly uh for this half of the show before we get
to the classic game of the week let's talk about HD remasters you know um Loki mentioned and
actually we all mentioned because I think it's worldwide this week the Final Fantasy 10 remaster
makes its way to the PlayStation 4 this week after last year's PlayStation 3 remaster
well Capcom is looking into doing more HD remasters of popular older games this was when
they were talking about their financial results as we had a few companies report those this week
we'll talk about through the night and they were talking about that they plan to quote utilize
existing intellectual property such as by selling HD remastered versions of popular older games
during this fiscal year um of course we know Devil May Cry Definitive Edition and Resident Evil HD
came out during the last financial year uh and there's supposed to be a PlayStation 4
Xbox One and PC remaster of Devil May Cry 4 for this summer could there be more uh apparently
Resident Evil 0 from the GameCube is rumored to be in development but nothing has been confirmed
um so who knows you could have more Resident Evil games I'm sure there's a lot of people
foaming at the mouth going Mega Man you sons of bitches Mega Man you know the last Mega Man
collection wasn't that bad actually that was really awesome despite the whole like I think
there was like a button mapping issue on GameCube or something but I mean it was a really good uh
collection so it'd be nice to see something like that I wouldn't mind them doing an HD version of
you know Mega Man Legends but I just don't think that that's ever gonna happen oh yeah well you
know we had the um and it's not on our show world tonight but uh that really rare Adventures of
Tron Bond game um is out uh now on PlayStation and you can get it for like seven dollars I think
maybe five seven dollars um and this was something that it was so rare it was getting like 200 on
eBay at one point that's really cool I just wish that they would fucking have that support for the
PlayStation 4 you know so I could play these PlayStation 4 PlayStation 2 games really or
PlayStation 1 PlayStation 2 games where the hell is that that would that was like I'm sorry the
PlayStation 3 is powerful enough to do that PlayStation 4 just completely different
architecture yes I understand that but to be fair they did have a software emulator running on the
PlayStation 3 for PlayStation 1 games I understand that maybe a little bit too difficult for PlayStation
2 although they did do it on the PlayStation 3 I'm just thinking that they could probably work
up something maybe maybe that's something in the can for E3 I would I thought PlayStation now was
how they're but I don't want to stream that shit I know I know I would rather download it and be
able to play it yeah uh game guru in chat says Mega Man anniversary collection HD with Mega Man
and base Mega Man 9 and Mega Man 10 now and Eric RPG correct me on the name it's the misadventures
of trauma I I knew I was screwing up the name but I couldn't remember the official title I hadn't
played it so or you know let's say okay Mega Man there's you know no one's really going to do
Mega Man okay Power Stone give me some fucking Power Stone that that series has been dormant
too boom done they did it on PSP let's let's do it again a million dollars on Kickstarter instantly
do it why not all right let's uh let's take a trip down memory lane they have to have the same
announcer if they can get them sure why not all right well let's oh yeah a new Power Stone fuck
just a new Power Stone game my new Power Stone game hey anything's possible you never know
all right well we are going to take a trip down memory lane because every week here on the show
Dark Sakura steps into the vault and finds a game that she thinks hey
you guys out there you should be playing this game this week
it's a segment we call the classic video game of the week Dark Sakura did one last week that I
think everybody in the world has already played but needed to be acknowledged at some point here
on the show indeed this week I'm not so sure this way I think it's a great game no but that's okay
I'm just saying we sometimes we do mainstream sometimes we do obscure and this one is a little
more obscure I think but it's a very everybody knows the franchise I just don't think they know
the game because it's like my second favorite game series ever let's get to it what is the classic
game of the week Fantasy Zone The Maze or as it was known in Japan Opa Opa after the little
winged spaceship of adorableness um this one it was published by Sega in 1987 in the arcades
um it came out on home console for the Sega Master System some fans call it Fantasy Zone 3 but that
is a misnomer this is actually not a uh shooter the way that Fantasy Zone was or as I'd be pissed
if this was Fantasy Zone 3 it's it's a spin-off thing well as I was gonna say it's also not in
the cute em up genre although it is adorable um it's a maze game where it plays I mean basically
you can't say maze game without comparing it to pac-man but instead of the dots you get different
coins so you can spend them for your power-ups in the game um or like or in the shop before the
stage starts you know how in Fantasy Zone you get all the little um places to get the uh the goodies
and um you uh the enemies will spawn in there and it's all the same enemies from Fantasy Zone
um you also if you don't catch a particular they will spawn by a dot and if it's completely red
and energy will spawn but you can pass through the dot and it makes the dot recolor so um you
can also pick up different power-ups um hanging out at different points like uh you can get the
invincibility rocket that lets you shoot all the way through things or you can get you know
the little blaster or you can get the big wing um and then after you get all of the tiny coins
all the enemies turn into big coins and you can catch them um but uh you can also play two player
where you have two separate characters you get oppa oppa and you get oppa oppa which is the blue uh
version of oppa oppa uh i you know i have uh um uh oppa oppa on my cubicle ball
oh fun made out of the little uh pearlers things um so yeah the only versions of these that have
ever come out apart from the Sega Master System uh version there was a system uh e version as
well and then there was the Fantasy Zone complete collection for ps2 it's just a real it's really
a simple game but of course all the music in it is if you can turn it up a little bit it's all
all i hear are the ding ding dings of the uh things getting picked up here i'll turn it up
sees all the music from the previous games yeah so uh on top of that now this is one of the
Master System games that Dan and I discovered had the FM chip uh compatibility with it um when
we plugged it in Dan picked up a uh power base converter that includes the FM chip set in it
and uh it actually really does just sound pretty amazing it's another one of those games like
R-Type was another really good one that sounds so much better with the FM chip so
uh that's it Fantasy Zone The Maze that's the classic game
go play it everybody now right now drop everything you're doing we have a break
go play it except for listening to the show keep listening to the show we have a break go play all
right that's game of the week Fantasy Zone The Maze for the Sega Master System but as
star soccer mentioned also in the arcade if you can find a cabinet somewhere near you and ps2
and ps2 if you have the fantasy zone collection you have that collection very good uh some fun
trivia in our chat room over at live.vognetwork.com ericrpg saying in fantasy star 4 the guild you
went to had a dance hall where can can girls came out and danced to the theme of opa opa
i like that the the the whole uh series very important to sega very very important uh we're
gonna take a break you guys when we come back we have plenty more show to come including rapid
fire news the frugal question of the week your emails if there are any uh the fus of the week
some ask orange lounge to uh get us through a slow news week and your phone calls as well
at 1877 game olr or our username on skype is orange lounge radio we will be back after a
quick music break with more of orange lounge radio don't go anywhere we'll be back
welcome back everybody to orange lounge radio live on this sunday evening may the 10th of
2015 with episode 597 of our show already in progress with uh what's kind of been a
little bit slower of a gaming news week as e3 is uh really a month away at this point
and i think you're going to start to see after memorial day uh all the companies are going to
start to flood us with the news of what we're going to be seeing at e3 and then of course the
surprises that come out of the show so of course we'll be here at olr every sunday night over the
next couple months to discuss uh what is going on with all of you and uh share some opinions and
maybe encourage you to think differently about some things uh anyway let's get into the forum
feedback we had to skip this segment for time last week but i want to get into tonight's forum
feedback uh every week we invite you guys to continue the conversation on our forums over
at vog network.com forums which you can also access from the main menu of vog network.com
and olr has its own forum and if you want to post a follow-up topic there or something you'd like us
to get into on a later episode of the show the movie didn't get into in depth enough for you
uh we can do that and sometimes over there we get follow-ups as well such as we got a follow-up
um to a post from several weeks ago which had to do with the whole and i called this the quote
the bimani issue and uh this was the one remember yyr did a whole little like correspondent thing
he did a very good job with that and this was talking about the issue where um konami had shut
down uh that service that was allowing beatmedia 2dx machines to run in the us and there was talk
about the emu service going global and all this other stuff well yyr wanted to give us an update
on this and he posted that last week and i didn't get around to reading it on last week's show
because of um we ran really long last week but why i want to give us an update saying yesterday
konami updated their announcement regarding e amusement global service of course they did it in
japanese here's the google translate this website and so he apologized because it's coming through
google translate so it's going to sound really like non-grammatically correct this website but
had we have been the service subject to japan only this time we will start the service delivery of
e amusement site towards the countries and regions other than japan e amusement service
target area of the arcade game is not changed to the conventional april 27th 2015 from countries
and regions other than japan are not available the site and paid services please understand april 27
2015 so unfortunately it appears that there are no plans to offer e amusement service outside of asia
right now thus for the foreseeable future round one will be the only place where we can play
current bamani games in north america sigh with the official silent hills cancellation and they're
voluntarily delisting from the new york stock exchange it really seems that konami wants little
due with north america anymore outside of the mobile games market it looks like their 2015
strategy and planning referenced above is coming on along as scheduled and what yyr is referencing
is a slide i'm sure you've seen around the internet and twitter it's a fun little photoshop
where someone's doctored a konami internal use only slide that says 2015 strategy and planning
fuck hideo kojima fuck metal gear fuck silent hill fuck it and fuck you there it is
but i don't see fuck pachinko in there anywhere people pachinko it's the future
all right there it is for the forum follow-up this week if you have more i want to continue
the conversation you can over at the vog network forums meanwhile let's get into some rapid fire
news tonight loki all right um so this is not going to be a surprise to anyone but hey minecraft
still selling and uh on microsoft platforms including the you know the xbox um xbox one
or xbox 360 xbox one 20 million copies it's moved already that's ridiculous and to kind of
commemorate that they also have some birthday skin packs that they're offering for free
so go check it out if you haven't already i gotta actually pick that up on ps4 i'm meaning to do
that so i probably will do that um as i mentioned this week i had played some goat simulator why
did i play some goat simulator because i just heard that they did an update to goat simulator
to bring us goat z it's free dlc and it's basically um thought for a minute there he said
goat say no goat z like daisy you know thank you um so goat z is kind of poking fun at other
zombie survivor um crafting games since there's a ton of them on steam early access and so you know
basically you can craft stuff you survive um against zombies you can turn people into zombies
all that fun stuff and um it is i believe uh a free dlc although they're saying though goat
z will release on windows mac and linux may 7th for 4.99 so maybe i have to download that again
but um yeah that's pretty awesome so go check that out if you haven't already and with that
goat simulator um decided that it would be nice and add kojima and kojima productions
to their special thanks section on their credits for goat simulator basically say me
adeo kojima kojima productions and silent hills pt please bring it back pretty please
so i think that's pretty cool even even people who make games are begging for pt to not go away
that's great exactly and then also uh yet another strange game that has even stranger dlc
i am bread has spaceships now thanks to may the fourth and this it's in the new expansion
called starch wars which obviously is a parody on star wars and i don't know but that's pretty
pretty good though i was wondering what that update was but um i'll have to check it out
all right awesome uh i have some other news for you guys one of them has to do with ea you know
we talked about a lot of financial information came through this week and ea gave a presentation
which in part actually showed some of their fiscal year 2016 announced console and pc titles and when
they're coming out so for the second quarter and remember this is for the fiscal year so
fiscal year is usually end what in april so uh when we talk about quarter two this is going to
be like towards the end of the year uh we have uh fifa madden nhl rory mcgillroy pga tour those
are all you know sports games coming out then quarter three nba live 16 need for speed uh and
then star wars battlefront which we all knew about that that's probably october through exactly
through the end of the year but then quarter four plants versus zombies tba so something in that
uh and then mirror's edge is noted for quarter four so mirrors early 2016 early 2016 but not
2015 and that is certainly one i expect to hear more about at uh e3 uh good old games we brought
this up earlier in the show but if you've been wanting to check out their uh galaxy uh system
which is kind of their answer in some ways to steam's front-end system uh it is now in open
beta but you can't just go and download it you have to sign up for it then wait for your invite
which i don't understand the logic behind it but i guess it's making sure it's not flooding with
people all at once or what have you uh but you can check that out uh i signed up for it but i
haven't got the invite or whatever to get in there yet so there's not a lot i can add to it but you
can check out it's showing off all the future features at gog.com that's gog.com slash galaxy
and they are talking about things like rollback is something they want to put into it where you can
restore your game to a prior state with just a single click that's something they want to build
into it uh they want to be able to make auto updates optional so if you don't like the if you
don't like updating uh you're getting forced to update you can basically turn updates off which
is kind of rare to hear a company like that but that's something where i don't think on steam you
have a choice with that stuff so i think wherever they can kind of poke at steam they probably will
uh lastly speaking of steam uh there was some type of issue with the mortal kombat x patch
that went up on or sorry oh yeah patch that went up on steam for the game it was actually corrupting
save data files and people were losing their save data so what happened a rep from warner brothers
actually posted on the mortal kombat x forums on steam we are temporarily removing the patch until
we can pinpoint the cause of the saved data loss we're working on this and we'll keep everyone
posted as we work towards a fix we sincerely apologize for this disruption um but no word on
the uh consoles they seem to be fine that's something that is just affecting the pc version
of the game ouch dark sira sorry i was actually watching something that i'm going to be addressing
in just a moment um it made me laugh a lot but first let's go on to portal um zen pinball is uh
going to be uh having a uh portal themed uh pinball coming out they've actually just have
a teaser for it right now it's aperture science heuristic portal pinball device or just portal
pinball so that's going to be on may 25th as an add-on for pinball fx2 and zen pinball 2
that will be 299 on pc and a dollar 99 on mobile platforms i will have it also uh play tonic games
is talking about why they picked the name ukulele for the uh their new kickstarter game and just
because the two names together sounded good together and it was uh ukulele sounded good
so yeah that was it it just sounded good i thought it was something like it meant something in hawaiian
or something too well in the hawaiian dictionary yuku means a small-brained person and lele means
to fly or to get off a device so that also what played into it as well but and then in other news
arena net did what i wish every mmo would do when they find someone really cheating like majorly
cheating basically there was a player named dark side who was using um basically put up video
you know basically bragging how he had these uh different applications
that were letting him cheat so it wasn't just cheating but going to youtube and bragging
about cheating yeah it was using basically the third-party programs um to increase the speed
power and teleport ability into enemy structures without using the game mechanic so basically he
was breaking the game and so they took control of his character stripped him naked put him at the
top of the uh talus tower in the public square and threw him off of it then deleted his account
and they deleted the character then deleted the account and they put the whole thing up on youtube
under rip dark side i will be sharing this with the chat room which is an appropriate response
to somebody who is bragging on youtube now if we just do that with all the gold sellers on final
fantasy 14 right i hate all of them i know very i did tell off one of them and he apologized
you actually you actually engaged one in conversation i was so annoyed and finally
i'm like i want you and everyone like you to leave me alone it was i was just you know
being stupid he's like oh i'm sorry
it was in mordona that's random i just random slash busy but then nobody can send you tells
but yeah that's how i do it slash busy anyway oh my gosh uh let's get into the frugal question
i just can't believe you responded to a gold seller
let's get into the frugal question of the week
every week we ask a question of our facebook and our google plus communities you slam those
words together and you get frugal and i gotta say we didn't get a whole lot of response this week
but maybe because the topic was a little trickier but uh here it is uh we were this is a follow-up
to the reclaim your game issue that dark sakura brought up earlier and so we asked have you ever
had a concern with a game that you took to the developer or publisher uh what was it that upset
you and made you demand change did it work did you get a reply so over on facebook azhp said not
exactly answering the question well then i'm not exactly reading the answer now am i next no all
right i'm kidding we'll read it uh but i disagree the gamers don't care enough to fight for their
rights they just didn't happen to be passionate about this issue specifically gamers are super
vocal when their rights or perceived rights are infringed upon such as with konami and the pt demo
or programmed world or skyrim paid mods but if people don't notice or don't care about intrusive
drm it just means it wasn't that big of an issue to begin with rage nader says well this kind of
sort of answers the question but a few years ago when i still had a playstation 3 and on several
occasions within quick succession i had to send it in for repairs as any long time lister will
remember i had a good deal of video content from psn's video store and the video stores drm is
extremely restrictive on both occasions i had to fight tooth and nail with sony to get my content
back degenerate johnny's replies and says back in the day of balder's gate 2 players were bioware
stated they could import their balder's gate 2 characters into neverwinter nights unfortunately
that was not true due to the transition between dnd second edition and third edition i emailed
bioware to see if they could at least import rpg character stats strength con and etc into
neverwinter nights surprisingly they did reply to me and said although we would have loved to
fulfill our promise to our loyal bg players importing stats would require changes to the
core mechanics of neverwinter nights unfortunately such changes are ultimately impossible to make at
this time now that the game has been released we apologize if this caused any inconveniences
we are confident that you will have as much enjoyment if not more enjoyment you had with bg
thanks for your concerns and loyalty from your friends at bioware that was cool that they at
least responded um sha100 matt says i actually had an incident two weeks ago recently i've been
playing the forest which is in beta still i encountered a glitch where i was swimming on land
and i couldn't get out of the animation all i could do was swim up i reloaded my save and it
happened again i posted details of the glitch in the devs forum on the steam community page to see
if they could fix it the developers responded a few hours later saying that it they were able
to replicate it and posted a youtube of it they didn't have a fix for it right away but it would
be fixed in the next update while they didn't fix my save i've since avoided that glitch from
happening again here's a picture and he posted a picture over there on facebook um going over to
google plus i don't think we had a lot of answers on google plus but i think we had at least one
kind of funny one over there at google.com plus orange lounge radio yes we have a reply from
prince peach fuzz who said i usually just let my wallet do the talking well stated well stated
there uh there you go our frugal question of the week from our facebook and our google plus
communities and some uh thoughts on interacting with developers when things are going wrong
let's move on with some more news loki all right so there's uh a yet another
tv show coming um this time being based off of an old old pc game mist that's right mist is
going to become a drama now on hulu and this is being i guess um produced by matt tolmak and
evan dordy um matt did i guess the amazing spider-man and the sinister six i want to say
i think that's upcoming and divergent was the one evan dordy worked on um basically just saying
they're gonna blend you know this is going to be sci-fi fantasy it's supposed to explore the
origins of the island from the game and also about how you know the guy got there so pretty
interesting i'm not sure uh when this is supposed to be out but i don't know i've never really
played the original mist i guess that's kind of a sin right there eh you know there's some big game
we actually talked about this a couple weeks ago on the show i think it was in the forums there's
a lot of big games that we just for whatever reason sometimes we miss and so it's it's fine
if you haven't played mist although you know it was for its time i think like the biggest selling
pc game ever like at the time it came out so it's pretty big deal so it's worth checking out
at some point if you can get around to it i'm just like wondering now though like do a lot of people
know what even mist is like i think people in our generation do you know and uh we're in that you
know probably anybody who's in the 30 to 40 range probably knows of mist and and would probably be
the same type of audience that would uh devour a tv series like this but if the tv series is good
enough it won't matter yeah and i could see kind of a lost vibe coming from it so yeah so you know
so they chose and check out one whatever they decide to put it out there's a lot of tv shows
out there that are based on a book and people maybe never read the book but they watch it
anyway so it could happen uh tiger claw pointing out in chat that evan darty was one of the writers
for the 2014 tmnt movie uh but not involved with the sequel so some other uh geekery related media
there crossing over uh let's talk about the xbox one uh which i got to admit i still don't own an
xbox one and that might surprise some of you but neither well i'm getting to the point with
xbox one i still want one you know just to you know complete my like like consumer me like some
of the stuff they're like ooh sense that overdrive i gotta have it like now i'm at the point it's
like or like titanfall ooh new table sense that overdrive i'm like kind of yeah i'm hoping that
sunset overdrive comes to pc someday but well i think this holiday it's going to get harder
because you're going to have crackdown probably in rise of the tomb raider so i think it's going
to get a little cracked down at least yeah yeah for this holiday so i think of it and i still
want to play forza horizon 2 i still haven't played so outside of the you know limited demo
i had so uh i still it's on my radar to get an xbox one but now i'm at the point where i'm waiting
for e3 because who knows what i don't know if there'd necessarily be a price drop there might
be a new bundle so we'll see but uh lots of other interesting things going on with xbox one uh
apparently uh xbox one is going to gain the ability this is a rumor to record live tv
probably this year uh this was something that microsoft originally envisioned for the console
but it doesn't offer yet um so uh yeah there's um the live tv tuner in europe and it's going to
come to north america and uh there'll be some play pause rewind support with that but full
dvr functionality would be something that would be completely new uh just for comparison's sake
the ps4 has this if you have the view but you know that's kind of limited and pricey so uh not
everybody has that well and also the thing about it though is like i don't even know if it's a big
feature nowadays because a lot of cable boxes if you do have cable have dvrs built into them right
um it's not like something that it's not common anymore so kind of wonder why i mean actually
i don't have a dvr i don't because comcast wants to charge you extra money a month for it yeah
it doesn't mean they're not gonna try to charge you extra money for it when it's on part of the
xbox one that's what i'm curious to see that's i'm curious to see because if you know if i do
get an xbox one i want one anyway i don't really they're not gonna just all of a sudden go okay
well i guess you've got around that one well like that they're gonna be like we'll charge you just
a little bit less hypothetically couldn't i buy a tivo today and hook that up and i suppose yeah
so i think it'll it'll be hard but i mean again i don't really watch enough tv to justify a dvr
anyway but i mean i guess if i to me if you're gonna give it to me free i mean all right maybe
maybe i'll start collecting episodes of rupaul's drag race or golden girls reruns that i can watch
whenever i want i mean there are a lot of things that are shown on basic cable that aren't on
netflix that i wouldn't mind just stockpiling like six episodes of wonder why golden girls has ever
come into like netflix right i guess that's tv land rosanne showed up and that was well well
isn't that that's tv land which isn't that like comcast which isn't or vicom wouldn't that be
like hulu i don't remember who's um i think they do have some stuff on netflix though so
it just really depends on you know who made it so or can we get like old nickelodeon shows
like guts nick arcade maybe maybe we'll have to uh petition the companies start a change.org
petition just kidding all right uh william murderface kind of ranting a little bit about
microsoft and chat saying i really don't get why microsoft can't support pc better and get us some
of those console games and yes i know about exclusivity and how it is used to sell consoles
but i hate it well it'll be interesting to see when windows 10 finally comes out it'll be very
interesting to see how the two play to get play along together well they have the streaming
already for that with windows 10 and then also um they have been releasing some of their console
exclusives on pc like rise and i think rise was on pc um and then also uh dead rising 3 i know
that's on pc i think rise was on pc yeah maybe not i don't know all right sunset overdrive i
would love sunset overdrive i'm sure i'm sure you'll play it eventually i just don't care
anymore all right let's move on dark soccer well there is a research out there this is sort of a
big dub but it was put out by texas tech university um for their uh for the communication research
journal that said that if you play uh cooperative games you know basically games that force people
to work together or that require you work together that leads to pro-social behavior after the game
is over basically they compared um players who were doing both violent and non-violent game
violent games that included um uh being cooperative in those and they said that
actually that the cooperative element eliminated the quote negative effects of violent games on
player aggression in the real world so basically having a helpful teammate means that you're going
to be a helpful person at least as far as their study showed i mean it's kind of a duh but
it's interesting um i mean i i don't know i don't i don't get into all these studies or what have
you and and try to understand the science of it all but this also does yeah kind of like what you
said it kind of seems like a duh like the more you kind of work together with people it helps you
build those social skills that you can use in the real world i mean that's just you know people
skills or whatever that's all it is but as long as co-op is because co-op can also be like kind of
gross sometimes when people play together you know people might kind of take that to a toilet
bowl place and you know that would probably not be as constructive but i don't know
some random thoughts uh logi all right so this just in activision blizzard's still making lots
of money um as reported by their quarter one uh financial year 15 financials uh they're saying
that an estimated 1 billion in revenue has been earned by hearthstone and destiny life to date
and that's up almost uh just over half a million or half a yeah half a billion dollars actually
um from the last time they reported that which is about six months ago and you know still seeing
lots of people registered to play those games you know if they have 15 50 million registered players
for destiny and hearthstone i guess thanks to all those was it uh no you're saying heroes of the
storm well i'm sure that's gonna be part of you know that's gonna only increase thanks to heroes
of the storm and all those beta keys um and of course call of duty still um increasing sales
and um yeah um but apparently you know the numbers uh in world of warcraft are starting to decline
a little bit it was like three million people that they lost this last uh report i mean it
sounds a lot worse than it is um because it's just basically like everybody they gained with
the new expansion they lost so they're back at the level that they were at before the expansion
came out but you know it's it definitely warcraft peaked during wrath of the lich king and kind of
stayed there and now it just peaked and dropped right off but i don't really necessarily see that
as a lot of doom and gloom for blizzard because i really think a lot of those people that were
playing world of warcraft i think they're playing diablo heroes of the storm hearthstone i think
they're still in the blizzard bubble somewhere they're just probably not playing wow and i'm
probably one of those people i came back for the expansion and i quit because i was kind of bored
but i'm still playing heroes of the storm and diablo so i mean am i really a loss for blizzard
no no maybe i'm not spending as much money but i thought well i think some of those people are
probably leaving um while maybe going to like something else like heroes of the storm or diablo
yeah of course with that they're also not paying that monthly fee but well maybe warcraft someday
will lose the monthly fee i bet if they did those numbers would go through the roof yeah i could see
the same thing happening in the final fantasy 11 yeah you've been saying that for years it still
hasn't happened square enix hey i'll tell you what it would help them too how about this how about
this you just throw bones to nintendo you just put final fantasy 11 on the wii u make it free
to play there they go they have an mmo now you know because i know that system should be able
to run final fantasy 11 should be maybe you could use the touchpad touchpad could just be a built-in
keyboard for some of the things you had to use for a chat in that game maybe exactly i don't know
anyway um this is interesting that there was a a comment of this nature usually uh when it gets
into the video game wars you don't really see comments of this nature from executives
but unity ceo john ricatello uh was talking on the whole playstation 4 versus xbox one uh these
were some comments made at the games beat summit uh and basically saying uh microsoft failed to
put the gamers first uh quote there was a clash of ideas that really separated sony and microsoft
they actually had very similar architecture they were trying to bring to the table but microsoft
focused a lot on entertainment beyond gaming microsoft was trying to compete against apple
they didn't feel gaming was big enough to justify the pent-up desire to have the recognition they
wanted as an innovator uh sony just said we made the best fucking game system we could partially
because they didn't have the resources to do more about it microsoft was focused on the shot after
the one they needed to make putting the seven ball in the corner pocket but they missed the first
shot and didn't get another shot after it sony focused the shot they needed to make which was
when the hearts and the minds of the gamer the broader scope of entertainment might be a bigger
idea but not with an unfocused execution a tight execution on the 50 million people at that matter
which are the people currently lapping up consoles sony fucking nailed it and they deserve the victory
that's a pretty strong comment there uh from somebody of john ricatello stature um
again usually you don't really see them getting involved but you know i don't want to dog on
microsoft or kick them what they're while they're down but i think even a microsoft fan could kind
of see you know maybe there's some strong acute language in what he's saying there but i think
he makes a very good example with that microsoft was setting themselves up very well with the whole
like seven ball in the corner pocket where they were looking two steps ahead but they weren't
looking one step ahead and that might have been what did him in is that they kind of burned their
bridges with people that couldn't see that long-term vision so i don't know uh of course
this gets some comment in our chat room over at live dot vog network dot com uh s2100 matt says
if i were microsoft and we're smart i would announce that they would start bringing some
games to windows the first one would be gears of war remastered and uh you know there's some
comment there william murderface saying gears of war collection as jay says that's what i mean the
remastered is just what they're rumored to be working on uh kai judo says also microsoft tried
to shoot a three-pointer and sony just did a layup then microsoft went for a birdie but sony had par
in the fourth but i think if microsoft went for the touchdown they could have ran to home plate
oh you and then they smoked the stanley bowl
all right uh let's go to the mailbag every week you guys email us participate at orange
is the place where you can send us emails dark soccer is going to dive into the email bag head
first and pull out the emails that are worth reading tonight i if there are any i there
weren't when i looked actually went last time i looked i didn't see any and then i started
updating my safari uh-oh so my safari is actually in the middle of updating right now
so what are you saying i can't do emails i didn't see any when i checked i will look one more time
just to be thorough thank you to be thorough and i can stop my you just need to fill 30 seconds
time here while i log in um i have a new safari update that i'm installing right now and it's 76.4
megabytes i'm at 61 right now i really want to get grand theft auto 5 on pc because the mods that
they have on there are fucking hilarious i think we have some grand theft auto 5 news coming i know
i'm watching single email i'm watching video of um this person as a whale slamming into things
but i saw they had like one of like some um it's like angry airplanes and it looks like
some crazy fun there olr the tv show we would just have loki in a booth and put
a microphone in front of him and just be like just talk about whatever you want
my updates almost done though no i logged into the email bag and and no emails it's empty oh
well it's a barren dry wasteland it's dry like the goby so send me emails next week all of you
all two of you that are listening right now so this is a good segue to get into our fus of the
week yeah
fu to my ankle for hurting me fu to
people being selfish bastard assholes who only think of themselves and then
try to pass off their responsibility to other people and mortality and
yeah but on the plus i would like to say i love my house i own a house now
can you believe that i'm gonna come over and burn it down no you're not
because grandpa would be sad too i would never i would because we bought grandpa's house
i just hope you have a sweet party soon soon soonish although we're gonna trash your house
although we um one of the gifts we our first homecoming gift that we received
was a box full of beer and it had chocolate covered peanut butter filled pretzels in it
i should get you a housewarming gift and it'll just be a box and you'll open it up and it'll
be fucking nothing and the midna will get in it it'll be a bed for midna it's a midnight toy
yeah uh moving on to loki you're a few of the week um i guess just fu to toga is not being open
at five on sundays and that kind of extends to f you to nippon for not being open to five on
any fucking day anymore they're gone they're they're out of business i don't know if you
noticed well it makes sense because you're not open after four o'clock i i meant to tweet you
about that i went over there on like thursday or friday because i was going to target that was
right there and i was like the sign's down empty i was like oh i'm sad the owners were really nice
people they were really nice but no one would ever go in there because their hours are fucking
shitty they used to be open till eight i would have gone in almost every single day after work
but no you know what though they were getting older i hope they didn't have to scale back the
hours because maybe they were in hell i would have hoped they were the only ones running that
i mean well they had at least passed the recipe to somebody else for god's sake reopen the fulsome
location that plays rock man anyway local issues very important here on olr it's slow news week
what can we say uh my fu the week goes to mother fucking traffic on the goddamn bay bridge yesterday
but the goddamn san mateo bridge is closed so that put all the traffic on the bay bridge so
i got to san francisco yesterday an hour later than i had intended to and even ways ways was
like ah you'll get there at 12 30. i fucking pull into victoria's at 120 like an hour delay because
of fucking traffic on the bay bridge and and all the crap going on around there but on the bright
side i got to see drag queens performing the movie drop dead gorgeous yesterday and i got to
meet bendy la creme jinx monsoon impendora box and peaches christ so happy i had a great time
drag queens y'all serious business all right just a couple more stories for you guys then we're
going to get to uh twitter uh for some ask orange lounge tonight if you want to send us a question
at olr we will take some questions in chat root and chat here momentarily and your phone calls
at 1877 game olr first loki so um you know as i was talking about grand theft auto glitch videos
and stuff like that and i'm using mods a lot of these things are accomplished by filming them
with the rock star video editor from grand theft auto 5 on pc well you don't have to buy the pc
version anymore to get that wonderful editor you can actually have it on console if you have the
playstation 4 and xbox one versions they're going to be getting an update sometime this summer
and it'll be as soon as it's ready and then you'll have access to all those wonderful tools to
cut your own videos if you will and that might be give me a reason to go back and play that game
actually i'm really just looking for a hundred percent save for that because i really want to
play through that again i mean it was a great game and all but i just it took so long i don't
want to play it again that long i should have just done it the first time on playstation 4
i think if you've already played through it as especially as in detailed as you have
you're entitled to using a save file that already gives you i just want to cheat my way through it
again yeah this time i mean i just unfortunately there's no hacks or mods or anything all i really
wanted to do was just get it so that i can have my money that i because i'm supposed to have like
some pre-order money so i like five hundred thousand dollars or something that's supposed
to go to my account in game but um i haven't done it yet so i'm just still waiting on that
whenever that's supposed to happen um although it's been like five months now i just think i
think i forgot to download the piece of dlc for that though so i don't do that but uh yeah that's
really yeah i'll play through it again at some point um because they have all the animals and
stuff in there now so it's worth it i'd still want it on pc though the problem is though i ran that
was it the can it run this or whatever and it doesn't detect my graphics uh chip correctly and
so it's like well maybe i just uh let's see all right uh lastly kind of bringing it full circle
tonight because we started off with uh you know konami having uh pissed some great game makers off
and going their own ways and now we're closing it talking about koji igurashi uh also known as
just eiga uh and what game to meet him and what game is eiga famous for dark soccer
metroidvania specifically at least part of that castle the second half of that mostly he didn't
make metroid but he made castlevania uh symphony of the night of course a huge huge game for eiga
uh and the continued uh duration of the franchise after that well here's something interesting there
is a new teaser site out there called sword or whip dot com quite the decision there dark
soccer sword or whip i like the whip oh nasty well or you know i believe that it's because i'm not
familiar with the series too well i believe that there is a certain female in soul caliber that
say why not both yeah porque no less that's right it's ivy are you thinking yes ivy yes
all the boys that have played soul caliber no well they did they may i see they just don't
remember her name they just remember her appearance yes i know i know i mean even even
jamie you know ivy come on the girls notice ivy too mm-hmm because they probably look at ivy and go
ow mm-hmm anyway uh there's been rumors going around that there is going to be an egurashi
for this project and it certainly seems like uh this site is setting it up uh you can vote for
a weapon on this site if you want i heard there were some other funny things too like apparently
you could actually enter the konami code on the website you could actually put in like up up down
down left right left right ba and uh it would actually say what makes you think that's gonna
work here so there's just some funny here's my thing like i didn't realize that he left konami
so did they piss him off too i mean seriously what is konami doing it's like hey we got all
these talented people fuck you guys seriously we don't need you uh act deft in chat says cool whip
now you're talking now you got me hungry you know it sounds really good right now
two cookies not one but two cookies with cool whip in the middle no it sounds even better huh
just taking that cool whip and freezing it in the freezer and just eating the cool whip
so good cool whip still i i'm down with it's so good but it gives you like this weird like
i have grease on my tongue flavor you know feeling after your dung you're just like wow that that's
not dairy that's like grease i'm just saying there's such a thing as too much dairy and
cool whip might be it it's not you uh just like yeah oh my god it's so good though oh it is so
good just take and you can even like i know loki like i'm going to talk about like healthy things
but you can take that cool whip and then mix it with fruit and it's really good like really good
fruit loki and then you can take that fruit put it to the side pick it out just eat the cool whip
because why would you do that why would you i don't know i don't know all right um we're going
to uh open up the skype line now it's time we're we're here at the end of the show 1877 game olr
or username on skype orange lounge radio and to help us fill the time tonight in a slower
news week such as this week uh we're gonna do a little bit of ask orange lounge so to uh to pass
the time while we wait for calls we have questions being submitted from listeners uh so let's do it
should i do the theme song i haven't done the theme song for this segment in so long what do
you guys think theme song for ask orange lounge sure let's do it you need to sing harmony on this
one let's ask orange lounge some stupid question what will we find out this week on orange lounge
radio we haven't asked your questions in a long time but i'm sure jamie can find the answers
somewhere on her watch very good job with backup first question tonight act deft oh we're gonna
start off with a whopper of a question leading into episode 600 you ready act deft asking
tonight what would you consider your greatest accomplishment in olr history
that's a that's a big big uh big uh one to start with what would you consider your greatest
accomplishment in olr history um
i i i have an answer but i have a heavy answer so i'm gonna look to my co-host first to see if they
want to lighten the mood before i i rob's diva fit my diva fit was that your proudest moment
when i stormed off the set and said i'm done i'm through yes when somebody uh for those really for
those that weren't around there was an episode of olr that's lost forever it was somewhere in the
two to three hundred range um that we were taping and the graphics card on the old computer died
mid show so like i was frantically trying to put things together and i don't even remember what
it was so long ago but somebody said something in the chat that just like set me off like it was
like the wrong thing to say at the wrong moment and that chatter and i are fine now although i
haven't talked to that person in years i hope they're okay um but uh i just like it just set
me off and i was like fine then i'm not gonna do this stupid show bye and i just left and uh
to this day because the archive was on justin tv this is before there was twitch tv we were
streaming justin tv the archive was on that site for a while and loki without missing a beat
all right well next in the news he just moves right on with the news like nothing had happened
like i'm i think loki was just doing that whole i'm not hearing this right now
i just gotta keep things moving all right that was a thing so
to be perfectly honest though i really i mean i guess getting that award
when we were still newbies oh the podcast award the very first year getting to go there while i
am sick as a dog yeah but going up there and being you know not five inches away from um
well great i can't remember curry adam curry's butt yeah yeah that was pretty great um it was
actually a really a really good thing so i it's it's still at my desk at home i polished it off
i dust that thing there you go they've given away 10 more of those since we won that and
that's the only one we ever got so but it was it was cool to be the first it really was and
we're honestly i i don't know if this is true but i would think out of all the shows that probably
won that year we're probably the only one still going maybe there's one or two others but we're
probably the only one still going thing two president cat that was a really interesting
little moment of going viral wasn't it it was fun yeah all right so for me greatest accomplishment
noel our history truth um and i've gotten probably two or three of these emails over
the years and these are the ones that make it all worthwhile but i've gotten emails from listeners
that say rob i've listened to your show and like i know that you're a gay guy who just like happens
to enjoy video games and all this and listening to your show like made me like under like helped
me come to terms with that like i'm gay too and like i don't have to be a certain mold or whatever
like i don't have to be the gay guy i see on tv you know there's there's all different types out
there and um to get like feedback like that is like i think the most powerful and they by far
the most rewarding thing for me personally on a total selfish level because i know like i know
logi's not gay under zagre you know not but just on a total selfish level like that is like when i
get those emails that's the reward i get and you know i'm sure there's people out there that
have emailed dark soccer saying like you know you're a a smart girl that holds her own amongst
those two bitches on that show so you know i'm sure you get things like that and loki i don't
know what you get but i'm sure you get things too that are like you're a cool dude i get nothing i
get nothing i literally get nothing from anybody somebody send loki a hug this i get spam i get
lots of spam loki and e-hug you guys people like his nintendo rants even the nintendo fans come on
come on loki admits sometimes that there it is there he goes and look at the chat right there
it is that's showing on matt says loki you're a cool dude and act f act f is giving you an e-hug
there it is uh so what's my like i can't trade this in for money
no it's just like so what's my biggest accomplishment i have no idea um i don't
know there's that time that i asked jason ninos so what about in the group for yeah that was well
you know maybe just the fact you know to kind of take it a step back from that just the fact we
were at e3 yeah like that we got to go so early into this show's infancy and you know i know e3's
changed a lot and i've shaded it a little bit this year but like you know 12 when it was the first
e3 we went to 2004 right was the first e3 we went to i mean it was so like the fact that we were
doing this thing we only like read about in magazines was like so cool so i think that's
an accomplishment for all of us that we got to do that yeah um i don't know uh bobby blackwolf
suggesting uh loki's favorite moment it's so much fun when you're that's just that's just stupid
like that it's typical news reporting crap you know i do like an interview for like i don't know
a couple minutes and that's what they use it's like thanks you might as well just have cut me
out of that or or hey let's take a picture of uh this podcast group from um sacramento and
you'll post this really awesome picture of two people talking and someone's foot who's that foot
that would be my foot that's my foot it was going for the action shot i'm sitting there with my old
toshiba laptop don't forget in that old news piece which is on youtube somewhere or you or
they ask our honest opinion about guitar hero and i saw i give them a rank out of 10
and then a certain dark sakura is just not content with sticking within the guidelines of the
10-point system and she's decided i give it an 11. i'm like thanks having them at my house that
was actually kind of cool yeah when i lived at the old house but um i don't forget loki in that
news one and they made me hide my konami guitars oh that's right huh yeah with the so much fun
thing um you uh or all of us they never said the name of the show oh yeah and that piece on
podcast oh that was on podcasting i don't even remember what that was about like it's about
podcasting i was right when that was all taken off and they were like did you know there's people in
sacramento that do it you should call them up again did you know we're still doing this show
like seriously we're still doing this show and they're gonna be like are you adam corolla or
mark maron like who cares we've been doing it longer so all right love it anyway uh let's go
to twitter because we got some comments here on twitter as well um we had a few things on the
twitters this week and i want to read this one from links fantasy on twitter saying not to be
bitchy lol but have you thought about giving loki a nintendo minute to vent his rage on the company
and all its problems i don't have like hate for them i just think what they do sometimes is really
stupid like you know just kind of you know there's stuff that most companies do now they like
technology that's out there that okay you kind of expect this on a console nintendo's like
nah we'll just we'll get in the voice chat later the the you know public's not ready for voice
chat yeah it's like i actually don't see what you do as anger i see it as frustration exactly i
love nintendo very big difference because you wouldn't have painted mario and luigi in your
kid's bedroom if you didn't have love for nintendo deep down in there and it also happened to be very
colorful and that would fit you know baby's room but yes well yeah but i mean we were going
to do uh hogwarts in uh wind waker style you know at one point so but you just never got around to
that that would have been harder yeah it would have been but um yeah i just i feel like i get
from you frustration not anger because i mean and i don't want to put words in your mouth but i get
the sense that like you don't think mario kart 8 is a bad game no and you don't think like the
stuff that they do are bad games it's just that some of these decisions and even i kind of go
with the voice chat thing and i'm just like what like what i mean and i hear their reasoning but
i'm like no i you didn't do that in one of your other here's the problem it was fine it's to a
lesser extent from like other companies doing the same thing you know let's look at like you know
microsoft for example you know they were saying you know we're going to give you the we're going
to have it where you buy all your games digitally you know originally when they're pitching the
xbox one you're going to buy all your games digitally or whatever you're not going to be able
to you know they'll be tied to your account and all this stuff and this is how you're going to do
it and people didn't like it because they wanted options they wanted to be able to purchase their
games digitally they wanted to purchase physically they wanted to have this people want options which
brings us back to nintendo people want options give them to option to use voice chat if they
have friends that they want to use voice chat if you want to save children from this you know you
can put restrictions on it or something you know where you have a friend code system already in
place why can't you have it where you can talk between friends i mean you you went through the
you know hassle of having to share codes with each other but yet you don't want to talk to them i just
don't understand their thought behind it i think what it was is they're using this as an excuse
it's just fuck we just don't want to have voice servers for this shit so you know we're just not
gonna do it yeah and this is one of those rare cases where i'm with you i'll still buy splatoon
but it's just like ea and battlefront you know it's like oh well we people don't really want
these features no it's fuck they just don't want to fucking adapt their engine to have these
features is what it is and that's that is just it they're just making excuses of you don't really
want this so that's why we're not doing it but really it's because we're just saving my because
if they came out and said well we're just not fucking doing because that costs money and we
just want to make more money so whatever i mean that's it is what it is well there you go links
fantasy that was a good five minutes there but i i i in all seriousness i don't think logan needs
a separate segment because anytime any company frustrates him i think he's gonna let you know
so we'll uh we'll just keep doing it the way we're doing thank you yeah right because i was gonna say
late lately the ratio of konami to nintendo has probably been a little bit more tilted
frustrations with konami why can't we do like uh you know i don't know like um
what was the rock band game that they had that like music game rock revolution rock no not rock
revolution not not konami i'm talking about like rock was it rock band live or some stupid like uh
the oh the xbox uh arcade one yeah it was rock band live and whatever dance dance uh central
their thing where basically came with no songs and he purchased songs separately i would love
a ddr game like i mean i wouldn't love to pay for all that dlc but i would love a new ddr game
i would love a new ddr game period that was an arcade well we'll see i don't know i kind of
think it's i think it kind of think it's all done there with konami just one other thing i want to
say on all that and the anger and so forth you know one thing i i try not to project although
we have a good time on this show we laugh we make fun we poke fun we do get frustrated we get
passionate and so forth i don't like the whole like cynical gamer thing and i i kind of like
i this is going to sound like i'm calling certain individuals out and i'm really not but i just
think like if your angle is i'm gonna talk i'm gonna be a cynical bitch when it comes to video
games and that's who i am i'm an angry video game person i think that's all you're really bringing
to the table i really don't have interest in what you're putting out there because video games are
fun video games are a good thing that doesn't mean they're always perfect that doesn't mean
they can't be better so i think we can can get frustrated and can you know present options and
ideas on how to do better but like if we just sat here on this show and just said it's shit
the whole thing is shit these are shitty games and we're doing a shitty show about our shit games
that we shitty play for some shitty reason like it just wouldn't be fun like then it's like why are
any of us wasting our time nobody wants that nobody likes what they're talking about you know
shows like this are supposed to be fun anyway that's my little side tangent i still i don't
ever want to see us turn into that you know i don't and and i don't think loki does i really
don't i know some of you all think he's very very passionate about nintendo but i i i see passion
frustration is very different than anger and cynicism but that doesn't mean we're not going
to throw a little shade once in a while because we do try to make you laugh so we are gonna
talk a tiny bit of shit but it's all in good fun anyway um spazzinator psn tweeting us uh what
should i name the new kitty i think it's a female this is a big responsibility what should i name
the new kitty i think it's a female i see jamie picking up the microphone uh what does the kitty
look like possibly to say name it jamie no what does the kitty look like you have to tell us we
need a picture looks like we need to tweet a picture uh meantime what are some uh video game
related females actually i like what uh ssj100 matt said kitty n kitty n oh that's adorable
luna those are some good ideas chatters has some good ideas tonight i know he plays a lot of steam
games he's always about steam so maybe what about glados how about bayonetta
bayonetta the cat what about shell uh chill shell yeah the test subject chill shell i like that
i feel like it should be valve related because uh raginator spazzinator loves the steam stuff
i just that's where my mind goes anyway how about i like felicia like the cat and puzzle
fighter because then whenever the cat leaves the room bye felicia sandwich
all right misnamer miss cat there's some suggestions there from our chat room
bryce henry 369 is tweeting us did you get a chance to play the splatoon demo if so
thoughts bryce either you turned in late or you tuned in late or you're a podcast listener so
we did discuss that earlier in the show so hopefully you caught up on that but thank
you for the question nonetheless um i'll just answer it quickly again yes i liked it it was
more fun than i was anticipating and i love the new twist on a first-person shooter where it's
all about the paint as opposed to murder death kill uh and i liked swimming as a squid in the
ink i thought that was a neat little uh neat little um twist on it too all right sg100 matt
sends us an ask orange lounge question and this is the last one unless i get another one in the
next few minutes this is the last ask orange lounge question for the night sg100 matt says
we all love some show tunes which video game series would you want to see become a broadway
show which video game series would you want to see become a broadway show this is so damn easy
easy what is it buggy saints row i would uh it's not actually the answer i had saints row it should
be a musical oh my god that should be the next game buggy saints row should be no i would rather
not see them do it it was funny saints row the musical would be hilarious it wasn't hilarious i
mean it was okay when they did it and uh got out of hell but it's just it it's it is not that funny
afterwards i mean i got the joke and i was like okay haha that's kind of that's cute but like it
wasn't that hilarious because they already did that joke my answer is bayonetta fly me to the
moon come on bayonetta should be a musical it'll be an awesome darsakha what video game should be
a musical portal portal i can see that i can see that too especially since um let your name ellen
is an opera singer that's right chel's parts will just be like
would just be silent it'd be a silent yeah yeah just that's why i didn't say anything it's just
like yeah she signs her parts love it uh there it is those are the questions tonight for ask
orange lounge i'm gonna ask one more time if there are any phone calls for tonight 1-877-GAMO-L-R
username on skype orange lounge radio if not we'll just wrap up a little early i warned you
guys it would probably be a shorter show tonight because there's just not as much news going on
i will check in real quick and low-key though and see if there's any last minute stories while we
wait for phone calls there is a rumor that they're working on a new paper mario game for the wii u
i'd like that i like paper i love paper mario yeah i'll my favorite one is super paper mario
on the wii that was awesome that was a really good rap out of that game uh they just put you
know to maybe lend a little more to that paper mario just went on virtual console the n64 one
don't like the original mario or three weeks ago but i like super paper mario i love the
crap out of that more of that please all right anything else um i think we talked about this
before um was it retro magazine is making a retro console that or it's called retro it's
gonna be a console or cartridge based console funny enough it actually uses the old shells
from the atari jaguar and it's gonna play cartridges but they're not like it's not playing
you know old games it'll be brand new games that are gonna be on cartridge so like a new platform
for people to make retro inspired games to on cartridges for like that whole thing to live on
that sounds like an expensive hobby but it sounds really cool like hey if they can make it work
financially i think it's a great idea i mean i guess cartridges would be cheaper to make now
than they were 20 years ago yeah they had it on kickstarter and it actually was kickstarted so
wow um it'd be interesting to see but yes that's funny the atari gyware lives on
that's awesome excellent well no phone calls are coming in tonight i guess it's just a slower
night you guys i don't know what else is going on right now but these shows happen maybe things
will get more exciting in the coming weeks as we get closer to e3 what we'll try to do next week
on the show um uh we'll try to do a game i was gonna throw in like a list list or a match game
for tonight but i just i didn't have time to put something together so we'll try to do that uh next
week if we have another slow news week but um who knows going into the coming weeks uh i imagine
there's a lot of people not home tonight as well listening to the show because they probably went
out took the mom to dinner or cooked dinner or something so uh you know i imagine there's a lot
of people busy tonight so uh it is what it is uh we're about done here at orange launch radio but
i want to thank you guys as always for tuning in and listening you still got a good two two hours
15 minutes two two and a half hours worth of show night um thank you guys for downloading the show
listening and supporting independent broadcasting if you like what you heard here at orange launch
radio please tell a friend or two about the show help us spread the word of mouth we always
appreciate it uh here at orange launch radio a five-star review on itunes or stitcher radio or
any site where you found this those all go a long way and we really thank you guys who support us
in that way time to go around and get everybody's final thought for the night dark soccer your final
thought l um my final thought for the night is um well i guess since we finished the show early
maybe i can try to go out and do a little walking even though it's getting dark so i don't want to
walk far but i do need to get my step count out for the day because i haven't left the house so i
think this means i need to go play ingress i don't know um but uh i do want to also say for my final
thought that uh some folks have been doing a little fitbit step challenge and it looks like
there's going to be another one next week so hopefully i don't get sick next week i didn't
even talk about that on tonight's show i got like weird sick allergies thing which i've never had in
my life uh in the middle of the week this week and it ruined my step count so i hope to do more
stepping next week oh act deft you're too late oh did act deaf try to call he missed the queue yeah
i'm sorry well i said like three times sorry guys uh last but not least uh loki your final thought
i love this cat animation it's stupid stupid in the good way though yes it it hops it just
i mean i guess it'd be better for rabbit animation but it's it's like south park walking you know
where they don't move they just kind of hop and move so that's what it does love it love it well
that is going to do it for another night here at orange ontario we will be back in seven days to
talk about whatever happens in the game industry and just because this week was slow doesn't mean
next week won't be or i mean next week will be slow as well you know what i mean just freaking
come back in seven days we're gonna do it again be here live so you can ask us more questions and
call into the show and participate because it's your show too thanks for participating have a
good night you've been listening to orange lounge radio orange lounge radio is a production of olr
studios to join us for a live show tune into vog network.com sunday nights at 6 p.m pacific 9 p.m
eastern the views and opinions expressed in this program do not necessarily reflect those of the
staff of orange lounge radio or vog network but you know they were all still true
see you next week
you
