This week, highs and lows abound as our favourite video games are sent through the ringer, everything
from one of the biggest indie games being funded four times beyond its goal, to a smaller
one falling victim to fraud.
We've got all the details and more, starting right now on the show, where Every Gamer Has
a Voice.
Hello my friends out there on the internet and welcome back to another week of the show
where Every Gamer Has a Voice.
It is Orange Lounge Radio live with our 598th episode for this Sunday, May the 17th of 2015.
We do tape live every Sunday at the Voice of Geeks Network, VOGNetwork.com, right after
the Bobby Black Wolf show at about 6 o'clock Pacific, 9 o'clock Eastern.
My name is Rob Roberts, here in studio with you to talk about video games, gaming culture,
and the gamer lifestyle with my co-hosts.
First up, DarkSakura, or Jamie Summers.
Hi.
Hello Jamie Summers, how are you?
Hi.
Hi, you're not high.
I'm kidding.
This isn't episode 420, it's episode 598.
No, no, no, no.
Not that we would ever condone that.
I was this morning.
No.
On DayQuil, because you've been a little under the weather, right?
DayQuil, I took codeine, because I wrenched my hip again.
It's all from the back problems, but yeah, I was like, I'm awake, against my will.
Thanks, Grandpa.
Yeah, Grandpa from a Hoard House got you up nice and early today, right?
Early for me.
Because somehow, you got his meat.
I got his meat.
All the pork got delivered to the Jew's house.
And yeah, I guess Grandpa special orders this barbecue from a joint he, when he lived
in Memphis.
Like they do this thing where they ship it, which I guess is a common thing.
Like I've seen that in the Sky Mall or whatever, they'll ship you steaks.
I've ordered a king cake before from the Atlanta Bread Company in Mobile.
So there you go.
So like, I guess this is a thing that rich people do, is they have food shipped to themselves
around the US.
It wasn't that expensive for the king cake.
I paid something like 30 bucks for two of them.
Because nobody at my office at the time knew what the fuck a king cake was.
It's a Mardi Gras thing.
And if you get the baby, you have to buy the next king cake if you don't choke to death
on it.
But anyway, the moral of the story is you got Grandpa's meat and always verify the address
that you're shipping to.
So we fondled it for a little bit and put it in my fridge.
Good times.
We stuck his meat in the box.
All right, sounds good.
Also joining us, fellow meat lover, Tech Master Loki.
Hello.
How are you doing, Loki?
Good, I guess.
I went to the sandwich place you usually go to today, and I ordered a sandwich with bacon.
I had a very Loki lunch.
Yeah, I normally don't get my sandwich with the bacon, surprisingly.
Really?
It's just too salty.
The hamburger's okay, but like, regular...
I like my sandwiches plain.
That's just weird.
When I was a kid...
Okay, so when I was a kid, everybody's gonna think I'm so weird.
But I know everybody's got some weird little thing like this, okay?
So when I was a kid, I would only eat sandwiches, you ready?
That were salami and mustard only.
Nothing else.
No lettuce, no olives, no peppers, pickles, Peter Piper picked a peck, no onions, none
of that.
Just salami and mustard.
And that's all I would eat.
Now I eat whatever.
I had a sandwich with turkey, bacon, mustard, whatever, but when I was younger, that's all
I would eat.
And they would always look at me funny in Rayleigh's.
I've been a mayonnaise addict all my life.
Which is a grocery store.
Ew, ugh.
See, that's the thing.
I hate mayonnaise.
But you know what I hated as a kid?
My sister would eat banana sandwiches.
That was gross.
Oh yeah, I've heard about that.
Like peanut butter banana.
It was so gross.
It's kind of weird.
I will put peanut butter on a banana, but I will not eat it on bread.
SS2100Matt admitting, I used to hate lettuce on sandwiches or burgers until three years
ago.
Took me a while to get used to it.
Nope.
I still hate it.
Lettuce is fine.
I used to hate tomato.
Which is weird.
I hate both.
Ketchup doesn't bother me.
But tomatoes?
It's the texture.
Exactly.
It's the texture.
It's just, no.
It's weird.
Same with lettuce.
No thanks.
Lettuce is just garbage.
It's just essentially like...
It's a salad.
It's just a salad.
It's like you're putting a napkin in the middle of your sandwich.
I just don't understand why you would eat that.
It's the part that makes you go, this is healthy.
When your hamburger has, what's that fucking thing that Carl's Jr. introduced this week?
Like the hamburger and the hot dogs and the, what is it, like there's like a potato cake
or something in it too?
Like it sounds disgusting.
Hashtown.
Okay.
Potato chips.
Carl's Jr. just tries anything.
I mean, seriously, I've had like a lot of their experimental things and they just, some
of them just don't make any sense.
Just like it was at the burger that Burger King had, it was their A1 burger with mashed
potatoes on it.
I'm like, I like mashed potatoes.
I like A1 sauce.
What could be...
It's disgusting.
It just does not work.
I honestly think that all of these experimental foods were created by kindergartners because
I used to eat shit like that when I was in kindergarten.
I would get my little, because this was my, my sense of my brain, I would open my little
roll and I put my meatloaf in there and my mixed vegetables and I would cover the end
in potato so that you couldn't tell anything was in it.
So yeah, the lettuce is the part that makes us go, oh, it's healthy.
I'm eating healthy.
The hamburger, the cow ate enough of the lettuce before it died.
So that I didn't have to.
That was its sacrifice.
To quote my husband, that's what food eats.
So yeah, and then Alan says he wants me to talk about the Brazilian barbecue, which was
awesome.
Oh, you went to the Brazilian barbecue this week.
I think it was last week actually.
We almost took grandpa there for his birthday, but it was too far away and we knew we wanted
to get our drink on.
So I was like, okay, we don't have four hours to dedicate to dinner.
So yeah, it was good.
So they serve you meat at a Brazilian barbecue, basically bring by these giant spears of meat
that they have and slice things off.
I do just want to interject.
It is a video gaming podcast.
I swear we're going to get to a gaming topic, but you know what?
I don't know about y'all, but when I play video games, I eat a lot of food.
Maybe I shouldn't, but I do.
So food is always a tangent here on Orange Launch Radio.
I will let Loki finish his story, then we'll get to our kickoff topic.
I mean, they have all sorts of things like top sirloin, bacon, the fillets with bacon,
all sorts of things.
I didn't like, they had, what was it, lamb.
Their lamb wasn't very good.
I did not like that.
That's too gamey.
Normally I like lamb, but it was just no.
How can you not like lamb?
I do like lamb, but their lamb was really gamey because I think they cooked it a little
bit rare.
That's how I know you watch a lot of Food Network.
You just described food as gamey.
I don't know.
You'll know it when you taste it.
Gamey is squirrel.
You'll know it when you taste it.
Rabbit's gamey.
It's just kind of like, that's not right.
But no, I like the top sirloin they had, I think, and the fillet without bacon.
The bacon on the other day wasn't crisped up enough, so I couldn't appreciate that,
but that was good.
And of course, you know, the pineapple.
Oh, they're pineapples.
So the pineapple, like cinnamon and sugar.
Uh huh.
Oh, so good.
I want to go to this place.
Take me there.
And then it is good.
Except, you know, you know what I'm doing after the show?
Huh?
Cheesecake factory.
All right, look.
I made dinner today too.
All this food.
You made your own dinner.
All right.
Yes.
So quickly, quickly, we got to get to games.
Sorry.
Dark Tetsuya says I could talk about burger time as a segue.
One of my all time favorite 80s, Arte games, which true.
Tell us about, I made Irish stew and then I had a Guinness here, so, and it's delicious.
Nice.
As you know, Matt says 598 episodes in the first 15 to 20 minutes has and always will
be dedicated to food.
Talk.
Wouldn't want it any other way.
Dark Sakura, not to be blabbing our private messages all over, but I think this is worth
sharing suggesting we should do a food cast.
Why not?
Maybe make Orange Lounge foodie a thing.
You know, uh, Brad from pod culture and his whole crew, they talk about food a lot too.
So I think we could like invite like other VOG contributors on each week to talk about
some food.
Might be a fun little side project as if I need another podcast right now.
Call it food and games, food and geek, food and geek.
All right.
Anyway, um, let's get into some actual gaming news tonight.
We have plenty to cover this week.
It is, it's still a little slow like last week was, but I think we'll probably have
a, you know, we'll get back to a little closer to our normal length tonight.
We'll see.
Um, but you know, we are in that calm before the storm of E3 and I think things are going
to really start to pick up after Memorial day.
You're going to really start to see a lot come out.
Uh, and then next week we have a pretty big game launch with Witcher 3 coming out next
week.
So that'll get, you know, people talking about, you know, a big game release there.
And then Splatoon is that over Memorial weekend or the week after?
I think it's the week after.
It's the 29th I think.
So, you know, we're starting to amp up with some more of the game releases and so forth.
So it's, it's going to get really exciting in the gaming world, uh, come June, but we're
in that kind of quiet period right now.
So I got my new game informer with a Disney affinity 3.0 on the cover.
Oh yeah.
That sounds interesting.
They've got a lot of like things they're doing differently with it.
Like they're actually making separate games that tie in with it.
So they've got one that's a cart racing game done by the guys that did the Sonic All Stars
racing stuff.
So cart racing with Tron characters and I know I can't wait.
That's going to be the best.
I'm like, I normally don't get into this, but, but Tron, Tron, it's like all they had
to do is, but trying, which is funny because the Tron game that they released to go the
movie was kind of, it was, I feel like I, I like it better than I usually would only
because it's Tron and kind of extends that story a little bit.
Like I kinda, I give it a pass on a lot of things I would have said, this is a crap game
for otherwise.
All right.
Anyway, um, for our official kickoff topic tonight, uh, I want to talk about this because
a lot of birthdays and celebrations and things of that sort going on in the gaming world.
And one of them is YouTube, uh, YouTube of course, celebrating 10 years, not really this
week, but in the past month or so, they just hit their 10 year anniversary with YouTube
and how YouTube has changed the internet.
Right?
I mean, YouTube has really fundamentally changed the internet in so many ways.
Whether we always, you know, sometimes we don't always agree with some of their like
copyright things and you know, I've been hard on them in the past and so forth.
It is important.
Are you giggling?
Cause I said hard on.
Are you really?
How old are you?
Dark Sakura.
I was reading the chat room.
Oh, okay.
It's, it's a coincidence.
You said hard on.
That's what I thought.
All right.
So I know we have been critical of YouTube in the past, uh, on the program, but, uh,
it's important.
They've, they've done a lot for gaming and this week, uh, YouTube actually announced
these are the like top 10 most popular games that have been streamed since the site debuted
in 2005.
I thought we could play a fun little round of families feud here.
I'm hoping you guys didn't peek at the story already.
You didn't.
Did you look?
No.
Okay.
So we'll play it now.
I'm thinking of heart of let's play a fun.
Let's play a fun little family feud and see if you can guess the top 10 games streamed
on YouTube.
So I'll ladies first dark soccer.
What do you think is on the list?
Five nights at Freddy's five nights at Freddy's number eight.
Good choice.
Ding, ding, ding.
Five nights at Freddy's number eight on the list.
Okay.
Loki.
What do you think is on the list?
Minecraft.
Absolutely.
Minecraft's number one.
Ding, ding, ding.
Of course.
Easy answer there.
All right.
Back to dark soccer.
What do you think?
Top 10 YouTube games ever member can go back 10 years.
Well, I was actually going to say, um, no, this is because I've been watching a lot of
mega man speed runs.
Um, yeah.
Don't yell it out.
Chatters.
If you know it, don't let them cheat.
Just take a wild guess.
Come on.
Call of duty.
Call of duty.
Number four.
Call of duty.
Number four.
Ding, ding, ding.
Good.
See wild guess works.
All right.
Loki.
Um, uh, dota two, dota two.
Number 10.
Wow.
I didn't think that was on the list, but it is there.
Number 10.
Look at you people go.
You got, okay.
So we've got quite a few of them on the list right now.
All right.
How about you?
Dark soccer.
What do you think?
Um, world of Warcraft.
World of Warcraft.
Strike one is not on the list.
That surprises me.
I would have guessed world of Warcraft.
Absolutely.
Just because of all of the boss battle.
The community is a cult and I say that with all respect.
I love the Warcraft community, but it's a bit of a cult.
All right.
I got one.
All right.
So we got one strike.
So Loki.
Gary's mod.
Gary's mod.
Where the hell did you go?
I would never have guessed that.
Number six.
You're cheating.
I'm not cheating.
I just know what people stream.
You're right.
You're right.
Gary's mod.
Number six.
This is a good guess.
Gary's mod number six.
All right.
Dark soccer.
League of legends.
League of legends.
Number three.
Very good.
All right.
Wow.
You guys are really good.
You're missing number two.
Number five.
Number seven and number nine.
You guys have got six out of 10 without knowing.
That's great.
Team fortress two.
Team fortress two.
Not on the list.
Another strike.
I'm surprised.
All right.
I'm surprised too.
There was one that someone actually told me about just the other day.
Of FIFA.
One of the FIFA titles was supposed to have been.
There was a big streaming thing for Twitch.
FIFA is number five on the list.
There it is.
Ding, ding, ding.
You got it.
All right.
You guys still don't have number two, number seven and number nine.
And I really don't think you're going to get number nine.
But I know one of you will get number two and the other will get number seven.
Logie.
Logie.
Let's see here.
Okay.
I'm going to give you a little hint for the battlefield.
Battlefield and not on the list.
All right.
So many battlefield videos.
I'm in it.
I'm in.
Okay.
Listeners.
Listeners.
Number two is a game that Loki always talks about.
Number seven is a game that Jamie always used to talk about on the show.
The Sims.
The Sims is number seven.
There it is.
Logie.
Grand Theft Auto.
Grand Theft Auto is number two.
I'm going to make a wild guess.
All right.
That's it.
You got them all except number nine.
Kostin says, watch it be like Hatoful Boyfriend or some random shit.
It's not Hatoful Boyfriend.
It's a good guess.
All right.
I would imagine that it's got to be some type of genre that people aren't really, wouldn't
think would be on there like a puzzle game or something.
So.
Is it Second Life?
Second Life?
One of the...
Second Life?
No, it is not.
That's a good guess though.
It's like Tetris or something.
Tetris.
No, it's not Tetris, but you were really close in that it was a puzzle game.
Puzzle and Dragons.
It is Puzzle and Dragons.
Where did you...
You had to have seen the list.
No, because...
It was on Tumblr, wasn't it?
There was talk about Puzzle and Dragons having a big following for Twitch as well.
Well, there it is.
You guys got it.
Darktids who used to have Puzzle and Dragons would have been my guess.
I would have never guessed that one.
I would have guessed most of these other ones.
You guys did a really good job though.
All things considered.
But there it is.
The top 10 streamed games on YouTube or the top 10 games that are broadcast on YouTube.
Let me ask this question.
I asked this of the chat room as well as our hosts here in studio is, how do you think
streaming has changed gaming?
And has that been a good thing or a bad thing?
How do you think streaming has changed gaming?
And is that a good thing or a bad thing?
I'll talk while my co-hosts think.
I would say that streaming overall has been a good thing.
And there have been some negatives as well.
And I think they both tie into the same thing.
And that is that it gives me a new way to evaluate games.
Like if I decide, am I going to buy this game or not?
Nine times out of 10, if I'm on the fence, I go to streaming.
In fact, one game I ended up buying this week that I was on the fence.
Do I really want to get this or not?
Was the Final Fantasy X remaster for PlayStation 4.
Now see, I already had it on PlayStation 3.
So I was like, do I really want to buy it again?
Is the textures really enough?
Are all those little changes they did really enough?
So I actually went and I watched some people streaming it through the PlayStation 4,
PlayStation Now or whatever it's called, PlayStation Live, whatever they call it.
I watched some people playing the Final Fantasy X remaster and I noticed right away,
especially probably because of my new TV, the refresh rate and the way things would move around
made things look so smooth.
And I was like, alright.
It's thanks to that brand new YouTube 60 frames per second video format.
But it wasn't even YouTube, it was Twitch via PlayStation.
But still, it gave me enough.
I wasn't seeing it at 100% quality because it was still streaming,
but it was enough for me to go, okay, yeah.
It might be my new TV playing into this a little bit, but I really see the difference.
So I was like, what the hell?
I'll buy it again.
Fuck it.
Here it is.
I do love Final Fantasy X, whatever.
At least it's not as bad as the Mass Effect problem I have.
So I did end up buying the game.
And streaming was a big part of me making that call.
But I could also see where some people, and I see where some game developers really don't like this,
is that some people will watch the story of a video game through a stream and then be like, okay, I've seen it.
I don't think that happens that often.
I think those people that watch that aren't really going to be the ones that are going to be buying the game anyways.
They're just kind of like, eh, I want to find out what happens at the end of this.
And you know what, I'm fine with that too.
Because say there's a game, say I wanted to get into Mass Effect 4,
and I just don't want to play through Mass Effect 1 through 3.
Maybe I'll just watch the story to kind of catch myself up story-wise.
Or just let DarkStalker talk your ear off about it.
Okay, well, I'm not going to get into Mass Effect 4, but I'm just saying, hypothetically speaking,
but I think for me, a lot of times it just makes me more excited to play a game.
Like watching some of those Minecraft streams where people come up with their little games and stuff that they do,
and I'm like, man, that looks like a lot of fun. I should go play some Minecraft.
Oh shit, the server went down.
I think Minecraft kind of owes a success to streaming in YouTube.
I really don't think that game would have shown up on the radar as much if it weren't for all that.
So, you know, when Notch is buying Beyonce's house or whatever it is he ended up getting,
I think he has streaming technology to thank for that.
And, to be fair, he created a brilliant game.
I'm not trying to diminish his successes, of which he should be very proud of that game.
So, here in studios, streaming, bad thing, good thing.
DarkSakura, you were going to say something?
Oh no, I was trying to find the puzzle and dragons thing I saw on Tumblr.
I think that actually it's a really good thing because for people like me who might suck at certain games,
like Five Nights at Freddy's, just because I just kind of hyperventilate a little bit,
I can actually see what the rest of the game is like and still go back and enjoy it or say,
oh, well, I could have figured that out and try a new tactic.
Some people are visual learners.
Some people need to see it happen instead of just reading about it happening.
That's very true.
You know, and I've used YouTube for a lot.
It's like I still use game facts, like I'm playing Final Fantasy X and I'm doing it with a fact
because I played the game a long time ago.
I want to just play it and get everything, right?
So, I'm playing that again.
But usually with games, like if I get super stuck, I'll go look for it on YouTube.
And this happens a lot with MMOs.
I can't finish a quest.
Final Fantasy XIV, I can't.
I'll look at it on YouTube.
How many times in World of Warcraft were like, okay, we're going to do this raid.
Watch this video.
Yeah, right?
You know, I've done that for some of those fights in Final Fantasy XIV,
like the one on the freaking pirate ship that kept making me scream.
You remember that one?
It was like for my level 30 Arcanist deal.
It was a pain in the ass.
And I ended up watching a playthrough of it and then beat it right away.
No problem.
I like, too, that you said that even though maybe you get a little anxiety
playing Five Nights at Freddy's, which I certainly hear that.
I get anxiety playing those games, too.
You still bought the game and you still supported the game,
even though you choose to consume the game by watching others play it mostly.
So, I mean, that kind of lends itself to what Loki was saying,
where he doesn't think that a lot of people just watch it and then don't buy it.
I think the same argument is those people saying,
well, they pirated it, so that's why they're not buying it.
I think those people aren't going to buy your game in the first place.
Yeah, and I would argue that for every person that doesn't end up buying the game,
there's probably two that do.
It's making excuses is what it is.
So when you're blaming other people for the lack of your success,
that is making excuses.
All right. All right. Fair enough.
Loki, did you have anything you wanted to add to the conversation on streaming
and how it's changed things?
I don't know. I think it's good.
I mean, it definitely gives exposure to a lot of things
that people might not be aware of, so that's good.
Especially the indie scene, getting exposure for games
that some people might not hear about,
kind of have a little bit of a viral effect.
Plus, it's entertaining, and I waste a lot of my time nowadays
watching streaming and not necessarily Let's Plays,
but just kind of funny videos that people make
instead of working on my game,
because I just don't have the brain power for it sometimes.
So much good comments from our chat room.
I'm going to read a lot here, but lots of great different perspectives.
Live.vognetwork.com, DarkTetsuya says,
I agree, streaming's been a good thing.
I mean, remember back in the day having to download DDR videos
before you could watch them?
Many of those were actually on YouTube last I checked.
Yeah, that's right.
It's like, okay, who can host all these 10 meg video files on their server
for all these people to download so we could see DarkSakura
and Sky beat each other with orange bats at the Miggle 2 tournament video?
That video is out there somewhere, right? It's got to be.
Lord.
All right, anyway.
Kossin in chat says, before streaming, you had to watch Arena or G4
or download a demo.
You youngins remember demos, right?
Oh, no, no, no, no.
Well, to be fair, demos are still around.
I have a rebuttal to that.
How to excel at Nintendo games on VHS,
which I own one still somewhere.
It was the Metal Gear one.
That's a good point.
Streaming has kind of eliminated the need for J.D. Roth
to be hosting a series of How to Beat Mega Man VHS tapes.
I love it.
J.D. Roth just needs to be doing a lot more things nowadays.
I don't know if you know this.
He is an executive producer of Reality TV.
He does The Biggest Loser is his show.
Well, that's cool, but I want to see him hosting.
I don't care if he's a producer.
Get down in tune.
Get in front of the camera.
You just want to start hosting some more fucking game shows.
I want to see Mark Summers lose his shit on a new Double Dare.
SSG100Matt says streaming has been good.
I think it's expanded gaming's entertainment value to not just playing,
but viewing games with commentary.
Let's see.
Tigerclaw says one of the things you can learn a lot from watching streams
is when you have trouble playing a certain game,
you can watch others play the game, and most often they are better than you.
So watching it might help you with playing through the game better,
sort of adding on to what Jamie had said earlier,
and Rama tagging onto that saying,
so true, I can read books on computer hardware fixes,
and I won't remember it,
but if I watch a video, it's a lock.
Let's see.
And Tigerclaw saying it's fun watching people play the games you play
at such a higher level.
Dungeon Buster saying I think streams are great.
It can be like being in a worldwide arcade watching others play
just as we used to in the old arcades by gathering around cabinets
for the same thing.
That's a great perspective, I think.
I love that.
That's how we used to kind of sample games,
is you would watch other people stand behind playing in the arcade,
and then either you put the quarter in it for yourself,
or, oh, my God, I have to get the Ninja Turtles game on.
I know, we could still be doing this if they didn't fucking shut down Game Room.
Microsoft. Thanks.
Thank you. Love it. Love the bitterness there.
Yeah, and that's also how we learned how to para para.
Lots of great comments in the chat.
Now, on a different note there, since I did bring up Final Fantasy X,
Eric RPG is saying I hate to be the bearer of bad news,
but the game is buggy and links me to a story.
And, yeah, I heard about the RNG is apparently broken,
but it's having some interesting effects,
and what's happening, I guess, in Final Fantasy X,
and I have faith this will get patched, although I know.
I don't like living in the world either
where everything has to be fixed with a patch, however.
Be that as it may, what's happening right now
is that there is no random generation in Final Fantasy X right now.
So when you walk into a new map,
every single person who plays the game
will go the same number of steps before a random encounter
that will always be the same mobs that will take the same damage
provided that you're using the weapon configuration,
the strength and the speed, you know, all those stats still come into play
and add a little bit of randomness into it.
But some people are thinking this could be a wonderful thing for speed racing
because now that it's, like, trackable what's going to happen,
speed racers are going to analyze the shit about this.
Yes, whatever, speed racers, speed runners, same thing.
It goes speed race, I'm thinking of anime.
So, yeah, I mean, they will be able to do that.
So that's kind of interesting.
But, yeah, I have a feeling since, you know,
a lot of people are complaining about this,
it'll probably be patched in the coming days.
But there'll be some people out there that will reject the patch.
I mean, because now the game's out there in its vanilla form
and you can reject the patching, you know, disconnect from the internet
and people will speed run.
Maybe we'll see Final Fantasy X and awesome games done quick in a future year.
We'll see.
Can't imagine you can do it that quick.
But then again, those awesome game people,
they find some crazy shortcuts to games.
So anything's possible, certainly.
All right, Dungeon Buster in Chat says,
in the spirit of the previous discussion,
I hope someone streams it before the patch.
It'll probably happen, probably happen.
All right, anyhow, thank you, guys.
That was a good discussion there on streaming technology.
We are going to get into some other gaming news
and what's going on in the gaming world this week.
But first, we'd like to kick things off with how is your gaming week
and what are the types of video games that you've been playing this week?
Dark Sakura.
I played Final Fantasy XIV and Dragon Age Inquisition.
And that's it.
No, no, no.
I played some Bejeweled, of course.
Of course.
Because it's my crack.
I deleted my Tamagotchi off of my watch.
You killed them.
Because one of the functions wasn't working right.
It's still new technology.
So I'm going to wait for the Tamagotchi app to be better
and then I will play a Digimon app.
Okay, I'm going to be sending feedback.
Digimon app.
There you go.
Hey, Nintendo's going to be getting into the mobile thing.
Maybe Pokemon on a watch?
Maybe not.
I can see it, though.
Would it be a Pokey watch?
You could have maybe like the Pokedex or something.
I don't know.
I don't know what you would do with the watches,
but that would be interesting.
I've started getting Ingress notifications.
Oh, really?
When I get my notifications on my phone,
they go to my watch and I've been getting Ingress ones.
Oh, really?
I didn't even know you were still playing.
I thought you gave up on that.
Kind of.
It's kind of one of those passive things.
Oh, yeah, I have that Ingress thing.
All right.
Hey, I won't tell you how much walking I did this week
because of that stupid game, but, hey, exercise.
Anyway, we'll move on to Loki.
Loki, how was your gaming week?
I didn't play anything.
What?
I worked on my game.
I should say I fought with my game.
So you're playing your own game?
I'm not playing my own game.
I'm trying to program some stupid cat walking thing.
Okay, here's the frustrating part is I had it working perfectly
with a test cube object thing, and then I was like,
okay, all I got to do now is throw it on the cat
and get it so that it ragdolls when I initially
fire it out of the cannon.
Yes, cat's being fired out of the cannon.
And then it broke.
And because I was so cocky that, you know,
hey, it's going to work, I didn't back it up.
And so I've redone it about three times now,
and it works most of the time, but it's still buggy,
and it's not buggy in a way that I find entertaining.
So yeah, I just have to, I'm redoing it again
and going a different route this time,
trying to remove as much of the physics stuff out of it as possible
because I think that's where it's messing up is it's just, I don't know.
It's programmed to work correctly, but the physics are just like,
no, I'm going to work differently.
It's fun listening to what gets you hung up every week.
Like, you'll spend all week on this cat.
Oh, I've spent like two fucking weeks on some stupid thing that doesn't matter.
Once you get over that little hill.
Right.
Before we get to my gaming week,
since you said you didn't really play anything otherwise,
I'll do my gaming week quickly,
but we have a question in our chat room,
or kind of a follow-up here for something you said, DarkSaga.
DustinAlex91 in our chat room at live.vognetwork.com asks,
does the Tamagotchi app still remind you every three minutes?
I remember at first it did.
No.
Actually, I think I turned off my notifications on it anyway.
So I didn't get reminders.
How often do you have to sweep the poop?
I remember that was what you used to have to do in the old Tamagotchi.
I wasn't always getting all of the poop notices.
So he was bathing in rivers of shit.
Does it really pop up on your phone?
I pooped.
Does the Tamagotchi really do that?
I stopped paying attention to it, really,
so I ended up just deleting it.
Finally, a use for that emote icon.
What?
Emoji.
Emoji.
I like emote icon.
Oh my God, by the way, Dan's playing Draw Something,
and he keeps showing...
Oh my God, partying like it's 2013 up in here.
Right.
But he shows me this thing of a bunch of faces.
I can't figure out what this is.
Emoji.
Oh!
I've been guessing all of Dan's Draw Somethings for him,
so if anyone's playing against my husband,
you're really playing against me.
That's cheating.
That's two on one.
That's cheating.
Super cheating.
All right, My Gaming Week.
I pretty much already talked about the big one,
Final Fantasy X.
That's the one I've been playing.
I started over from the beginning.
I didn't bother importing my save file from PlayStation 3.
By the way, just so you know,
if you're thinking,
oh, I'll buy the PS4 version so I can get all the trophies again twice.
Uh-uh-uh.
It has a shared trophy pool with the PS3 and Vita versions.
Just throwing that out there.
That wasn't my motivator, but I realized I was like,
when I got the first Al Bed book, which is on the boat,
I was like, wait a minute,
I thought you got a trophy when you got an Al Bed book,
because I just remembered that being one of them,
because I was going to make sure...
Part of the reason I'm using the fact was to make sure I get all 26 of them,
because I knew there was a trophy for that.
And so it didn't ding the trophy,
and sure enough, it's because the trophy pool shared.
So since I'd already dinged it on PlayStation 3,
I don't get it again on PlayStation 4.
But that's okay.
It's not about the trophies.
It's about the prettiness,
and the first time watching Yuna do the summon,
and the movies look so great on the TV.
So that's fun.
So I've been playing that,
despite the fact that it appears to be broken.
But you know what's funny is that if somebody hadn't told me that,
I'm not sure I would have noticed.
I don't know if there is really some consequences to that RNG stuff later in the game,
like if there's not enough battles or anything like that.
The game still seems playable, even if it's not pure.
So I understand how that's a problem, because it's not pure,
but it doesn't seem to be completely broken unless I'm still too early on in the game,
because you know there's about four hours worth of tutorials,
like there is in any Final Fantasy game.
It's like, okay, you go to this town,
and oh, here's where you're going to learn about swapping characters.
Now you're going to go to this town.
Oh, you're going to learn about summoning things.
So it's a long intro to the game.
So we'll see a little later on,
see if the Seymour fight is impossible,
or what's going to happen with that.
So I've been playing that,
and otherwise it's mostly been the same stuff.
Final Fantasy XIV of course,
but even that's kind of,
I've been playing that light while I wait for the expansion.
I'm kind of out of things to do in that game,
so I'm kind of over it,
because I don't want to push all this gear
that I'm just going to replace
in five minutes in the expansion anyway,
so I'm kind of done with that.
So I've been using my online gaming time
to play more Heroes of the Storm,
so I was playing that quite a bit this week,
and I've been having fun with that.
I play mostly co-op matches,
because people aren't as mean.
I'm getting better with Lele,
for those of you that play Heroes of the Storm.
I really like playing Lele,
and I'm sure a lot of you guys are going,
she's easy.
Yes, that's why I like playing Lele.
It's easy.
All you have to do,
you run behind the crowd,
and just put cloud serpents,
and throw heal jugs all the time,
and people love you,
because you're healing them.
So I like to play Lele,
and so I decided,
all right,
I'll go into a quote, unquote,
real match,
because I'm on the stim pack right now
I got for leveling up.
So I'll go into a real match,
and play as Lele.
Oh my God,
three people rage quit the match,
because they just can't handle the fact
that they're losing,
and it's like,
we almost turned that game around.
Every time somebody left,
it's like the game got better,
because the AI was smarter
than the stupid little kid
who rage quit the game,
but unfortunately,
it still wasn't enough
to turn the whole thing around,
but we got close.
We got really close.
Heroes of the rage quit.
Yeah.
Heroes have been fun there.
Bobby Blackwolf in chat
over at live.vognetwork.com says,
I think I'll be dumping Final Fantasy 14.
I don't have the time
to finish the 2.5 content.
Yeah,
I find it strange that Square gated
a lot of the Heavensward stuff
behind 2.5,
but they haven't exactly
explained everything yet either.
So I would say there's still,
like there's a live letter
coming next Friday,
where I think they're going to show
the new jobs in action.
So maybe they'll comment a little bit
how it's going to work for old players,
because I think everybody's kind of
sitting here wondering,
well, what's the incentive for new players
that are going to be leveling
from 50 to 60?
What's the incentive for those new players
to go back and help people
with the old content?
Because in World of Warcraft
it was all about alts, alts, alts.
But I wonder if Final Fantasy 14
isn't going to have some type of
tombstone collectibles,
something to help fill the pools
with that old content.
Or, just real quick,
I would think that maybe what they'll do
is that all those quests that you do
from the 2.0 through the 2.5
will maybe in Heavensward
reward you with a little bit of experience.
So that way it's like,
you're questing,
and you're still working through that.
I hope they kind of compromise,
because even I'm looking at that going,
why would you want to not make
your expansion accessible?
Because you want to push it
and sell lots and lots and lots of copies.
So something's not adding up for me there.
Jamie, did you have a quick comment on that
before I move on?
No.
Okay.
Well, really, I think that they want to,
keep in mind it's more of a group effort
type of thing,
the way that they're seeing it.
If someone has fallen behind,
it's up to the group
to make sure that everybody catches up.
So...
I don't know, something, something.
Final Fantasy 11, free to play.
We have news on Final Fantasy 11 tonight,
but it's not that.
Damn it.
We'll get into some other news first, though.
But quickly, some housekeeping.
Make sure you're following us on Twitter,
twitter.com slash O-L-R.
We're also on Facebook,
facebook.com slash Orange Lounge Radio
and good old Google Plus,
google.com slash plus Orange Lounge Radio.
Episode number 600 of our show is coming to you
May the 31st of 2015.
That's two weeks away.
And in classic O-L-R fashion,
we are planning what we're going to do
all at the last minute.
But we're trying to make it a little bit special
for you guys since, you know,
that'll be kind of a big celebration
because in a way, we're also celebrating 13 years
at about the same time.
I mean, technically the 13th birthday isn't until
June 23rd, but close enough.
Close enough.
They're around the same time.
Disneyland celebrated their 50th birthday
for like a year and a half.
So you know what?
We can celebrate 13 years a month early.
To register participation for this week's episode
of Orange Lounge Radio at vognetwork.com,
use the passphrase TUB.
All right.
Let's get into some news.
Some gaming news going on tonight.
Loki, why don't you start us off?
All right.
So I know this is going to be shocking news to everybody,
but kind of what we figured is happening,
Konami is planning to focus on mobile games from now on.
That's right.
They're unfortunately, you know,
I guess it's not shocking.
We've been kind of seeing this trend going with them,
but they've basically just laid it out.
This is what we're going to be doing.
You know, I'm sorry.
I'm sorry to interrupt you, Loki.
I just feel like every time, like here we are,
what is this?
Five weeks in a row,
we have some type of Konami fuckery story
happening at the top of the show.
Like, am I, am I, am I miss?
This is five weeks in a row, right?
I just, I feel like anytime we have a Konami story now,
we just, we need appropriate theme music
for Konami stories.
It's a little too upbeat.
They have like a sadder version of that song.
Maybe I can slow it down or something.
Try Benny Hill in minor key.
No, but seriously.
So this is according to CEO Hideki Hayakawa,
I guess, and basically saying,
our main platform will be mobiles,
following the pay-as-you-play model of games like Power Pro
and Pro Evolution Soccer with additional content.
Our main, our games must move from selling things like items
to selling things like features.
We saw with these games that people who buy physical games
are motivated to buy extra content.
The success of Power Pro especially has motivated us
to actively push more of our popular series
into the mobile than ever before.
And they're even saying, you know,
there's hopes that Metal Gear Solid 5 will do well,
and maybe always thinking about ways
that they could push their other franchises into mobile.
So, yeah.
That's kind of disappointing.
Kinda.
I mean, good luck to them, I guess,
but I think, you know,
I know that they're talking about a lot of their fans.
You know, they said the same people
that have purchased their games will purchase extra content in mobile.
I think a lot of people that would have purchased their games
are now gonna be kinda like,
fuck you guys, you know,
and just not gonna pay attention to their products, but...
I mean, are you really interested in downloading, like,
DDR mobile again?
No.
Because it's not very good.
You can't play DDR in mobile.
I mean, you can do that, but it's not DDR.
And just like the, I remember, like,
it's been a while since I played any mobile Konami games,
so I remember how they had, like, the Silent Hill and, like,
Mail Your Solid gun games and stuff on there,
and they just weren't very good.
I remember mobile Konami games as in
taking my Game Boy Color
and hooking up the little thing to play DDR
with your little dance pad add-on.
Some Silent Hill mobile game that was like a maze game
that really wasn't very good.
Mm-mm.
So, Darsakha, you think you found some more appropriate sad music?
If I'm right that this is the right one, I think it is.
Yeah.
This is scary.
This is Konami's enacting a secret plan to kill us all.
It's also one of my favorite pieces in the game, so...
Anybody that talks negative about Konami will be dealt with.
So sad to think about Silent Hill.
Anyway, all right.
Well, and just to think that this is all wrapping up
as we get towards our 600th episode.
It's like this big epic saga that's come to its conclusion.
I know, right? Like, it all...
It's just, it's ending where it began.
Not that I'm saying OLR is ending, but I guess maybe the first 600 episodes
of OLR is ending.
We've come full circle and now we're doing a loop-de-loop.
That's right.
Do a barrel roll.
Yeah, time to do a barrel roll.
Nice.
Well, you know what?
Some of the former Konami folks are doing their own barrel rolls this week,
and it just kind of goes to shit.
Well, that's okay.
Sorry, before we get into this.
It's fine, it's fine.
But this also shocks me, this type of thing.
It's like you had these talented people,
and you just said, ah, fuck it.
You know, and it's like they just went off and did their own things.
Like, how do you do that?
You do realize you need talented people to make your fucking mobile games, right?
You do understand that.
How much of this is ego?
Like, if some of those leaked letters and things are to be believed,
it really sounds like somebody really high up at Konami,
like, I don't know, the CEO allegedly is drunk with power or something.
Okay.
I mean, it's just like you're running the company into the fucking ground.
All right, let's put all your eggs in that one mobile basket.
I hope it works for you, because that market is saturated.
It's not like the console market.
I mean, there's lots of games coming out.
Lots of games.
Good luck.
Well, Konami dying out into the mobile sunset
is not going to stop some of the people that they helped make famous
do their own thing, as to be seen with what's going on with Igarashi,
Koji Igarashi, creator of the, as he calls it, Iga-vania series of games.
And he's very clear.
He's not offended when people call it Metroidvania,
because Metroid's a great game, but he prefers to use Iga-vania for obvious reasons.
He doesn't, you know, he's not Nintendo.
He doesn't want to use Metroidvania in promoting his own game.
But Koji is making a new Iga-vania type of game
and took to Kickstarter to do it.
The name of the game, Bloodstained Ritual of the Night.
If that doesn't sound like a Castlevania title,
I mean, it's like the same type of syllables and everything.
I mean, that's very in your face what they're going for here.
But very similar to Mighty No. 9,
which of course is what, you know, Keiji Inafune did when he left Capcom.
It's kind of making a new Castlevania game wink,
but without calling it Castlevania.
So we have new characters, including Miriam is going to be the lead character.
So we have a lady in charge this time.
Miriam is an orphan who is in a classic tale of magic,
or rather faith and belief versus science.
And it has to do with alchemists fearing their relevancy
as science goes to the 18th century.
They try to warn the world against losing faith.
I mean, it's a fucking Castlevania game.
They just can't call it Castlevania.
That's basically what it is.
So they took to Kickstarter to do this.
I think he already has the game funded.
They're just, you know.
Oh yeah.
It was like funding.
Not that.
I'm just saying that he had the game funded prior to Kickstarter.
It's just that they're seeing what the interest is.
He had to prove to the investors that there's interest for this type of game.
Yes, I think he had to raise a certain amount of money
to basically prove that there is enough interest,
that the people will get their money back.
No, he sneezed and it was funded.
Oh my God.
It's insane what's happening right now.
And I think it's really like, like if you're a publisher right now,
you've got to be sitting here going,
I mean, like if you're, God, how can you not be Konami
and sitting there going, God, we fucked up.
Like, and just to put it in perspective.
Okay, so four days.
We're four days in, right?
The goal for the Kickstarter was half a million dollars.
As of the taping of this show,
29,000 plus people have put money into this, including myself.
I'm one of them.
$2,274,021.
This game right now, and I imagine this will die out eventually.
With 26 days to go too.
With 26 days to go.
So right now it's making its goal every day.
Think about it.
It's been going for four days now.
It's made its goal four times over.
That's crazy.
And some of the goals include $28 for a digital copy.
You want to get the game on Xbox One, PlayStation 4, or Steam,
you can do that for just $28.
And for $60 you can get a physical copy edition.
7,600 plus people have already backed for that.
And I feel like this game at one point,
like already blew through all their stretch goals.
Like I soon remember getting an update,
because, you know, I donated really early on on this.
In fact, I have no way to prove this,
but just based on the numbering, I think I am backer number 573 on this.
I really do, because of the way the numbers went up.
And so that made me feel really, really good when that happened.
Not everybody will get that, but that's okay.
You don't have to. I do.
But I got some backer email that basically was like,
we blew through all our stretch goals.
You guys have kind of gone through this like way faster than we thought.
So right now they're on the 2.5 million stretch level,
which is classic mode.
And I guess that will allow you to play this as like an 8-bit or 16-bit style game.
If you don't want to have the newer graphics,
you can have kind of some old school graphics in there.
So this is definitely going to be a feature filled game with all this crap
that they're getting through the Kickstarter and the stretch goals and everything.
I'm curious who ended up stepping up and saying that they would publish it.
You got to wonder if it's Deep Silver,
because Deep Silver of course stepped up with Mighty No. 9.
And that could be very interesting.
We could be seeing all these publishers who were not a huge name five years ago.
I know Deep Silver was out there,
but are now going to have these big titles behind them.
It's going to be very interesting to see things shift.
So what's going to happen when fucking Kojima puts together
his next Silent Hill game on Kickstarter?
It's just going to, I mean, and was it Del Toro?
I think he's going to be on board if he wants, if we'll have him.
Imagine this.
They go to Kickstarter and it's Kojima and give it to Del Toro
and they get a Kiryamoka as a stretch goal.
Kickstarter will explode.
It will absolutely explode.
The site will be down.
Panties will catch on fire.
Panties all over America and Japan and God knows where else
will catch on fire all at once.
It's just too much to handle.
Too much.
I don't understand how these companies won't take these risks.
Go Kickstarter.
Konami, the same company that said,
we're not going to put out Beatmania or whatever it was here
unless you pre-order X amount of copies.
Or, oh, we're not going to put out this figure or something
unless you buy X amount of copies of this or something like that.
I mean, I hate that, but I mean, if they're so, you know,
so chicken to take a risk on something,
then maybe that's the route they need to go with.
You know, I'm still a little iffy on this Kickstarter thing
and I've got to admit.
And I see, like, there's folks in chat that are like,
I don't know if I would still even still support that on Kickstarter
because, and I kind of get that,
because I've also been of that same mindset.
So, you know, I probably in some ways shouldn't have funded this game.
But I'm also kind of like, okay, I really love the old Castlevania games
and I really, really want this to happen.
And I know Iga doesn't have a company necessarily right now.
You know, he's got to prove this, so I'm kind of helping with that.
But I kind of understand the side too where it's like,
I don't want to pay for a product a year and a half before I'm going to get it.
There's no guarantee that this game will be good.
I will point this out.
Dan Kickstarted it.
My cheap husband.
But it's the same thing. He loves all things Castlevania, right?
So it's kind of like you make an exception to your rule.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Oh, anyway.
But again, I totally get the perspective of not everybody wants,
I mean, and at this point, quite frankly, you don't have to kickstart it.
It's got plenty of money four times over.
If not a single other person kickstarts it, the game will be doing plenty fine.
If Naoki were to leave Konami...
Which has already happened.
Okay. Well, if you were to somehow wiggle away...
Which I, by the way, this little tangent here,
I was doing some research this week on the patents for Konami and stuff
because, you know, patents have a certain amount of time before they expire and stuff
as far as, you know, Dance Dance Revolution.
And according to, I mean, and I'm not sure if it's accurate,
according to what I read, it sounds like that they may actually be up next year,
being that it's been like 20 years or something.
I tried to calculate it, but it's soon.
Next couple of years, that patent's going to expire.
Interesting.
Either it's, I think it may have been 2017.
I think they registered that in 97 or one of those.
Soon, next couple of years.
So I'm wondering if that expires.
And this is with them renewing it. It's a maximum of X amount of years.
So if they don't renew it, then whatever.
But I wonder if we'll be able to get some more music games soon.
Well, with the way technology's evolved, though,
especially with, you know, Kinect being a thing,
I just feel like it's not necessarily going to be DDR like we all remember it.
Like, I kind of think that game's time has probably passed, you know?
But who knows? Who knows? Anything's possible, right?
Sure.
All right, so anyway.
AkumaJP in chat over at live.vognetwork.com says,
Kickstarter is for me to support an idea or the person involved not buying the product.
So I don't care if it's going to be good or not.
And I have to admit that's kind of what came into play for me a little bit.
Like, I've been very, like, you know,
I've been hit and miss with the Kickstarters I choose to support.
You know, usually if it's indie and stuff, of course, I'll do it.
But, you know, the ones from established companies are a little more eh.
But I'm going to be, like, just completely honest with you guys.
Part of me funding this was to stick it to Konami a little bit.
And it felt really good.
I just realized.
Surely somebody out there feels similarly.
Doesn't maybe Dan has a similar sentiment there?
I don't think he's as vindictive as all that.
Really? Are you sure?
Keep in mind, Dan has been on the sinking ships before.
So he knows kind of how the business side of it goes.
I think Dan was just like, oh, Castlevania, take my money.
And that's what happened.
Fair enough. Loki, another quick thought and then we'll move on.
No, I was just reminded with Kickstarter and thinking about that and stuff that
Kung Fury should be coming out in the next few days.
I can't wait.
You're very excited about that.
David Hasselhoff doing the theme song to that.
I mean, that's awesome.
Also,
if I'm right, isn't Bill Nye trying to create a solar-powered spaceship?
On Kickstarter? On Kickstarter. Wow.
I would fund that. It's Bill Nye.
I want him to be my uncle.
But why would you fund? You would fund that because it's Bill Nye.
Science!
Yes, it's the 28th Thursday.
A week from Thursday. Soon.
I can't wait.
Technology.
David is beaming from ear to ear like he's a 12-year-old boy who just thought
boobs into Playboy for the first time.
Yeah, you get over that really fast.
Nowadays, it's like the boobs-per-second thing.
Alright, let's move on.
The current story has finally cycled into booby-tots.
So it wasn't coming to certain platforms, right?
We covered that? Oh, yeah. No, we didn't. I'm sorry.
You're right. I totally skipped over this.
Bloodstained Ritual of the Night, even though it's made four times over its Kickstarter amount,
it's still not enough money to bring it to Nintendo platforms.
Which is sad because the Castlevania games kind of had a second life, so to speak,
on the 3DS and DS and Game Boy Advantage platforms.
There's a lot of good Igavania games on those platforms.
But the reason why it's not coming to Wii U,
according to Iga,
So maybe that's a hint that there would be another stretch goal
that maybe would give them the money to have those resources to port it to Wii U.
So we'll see if that's a hint at that or what have you.
But yet again, we just hear another game's not coming to Wii U
because Wii U is built on different architecture and it's kind of behind the other two.
That's that.
It's sad.
Well, who knows?
Nintendo will probably...
Here's the thing. By the time this game actually comes out,
because I'm not expecting what? Fall 2016, right?
We may know of Nintendo's next console.
Maybe.
Or whatever it is they've got next.
Next year seems to be the year for that.
That's just tinfoil-hatting. I've got nothing to base that on.
But we'll see. Anyway.
In the meantime, let's move on with some more news. StarSakura.
Well, you know who else was shocked by Silent Hills being canceled?
Cancellated?
Actually, Del Toro was.
Basically, there was an interview that he did not too long ago with IGN
where he said that the way it was canceled is what really surprised him.
That they took a rather scorched earth approach to it.
His quote is,
It was not a gentle and ambiguous cancellation.
Yeah, basically, he didn't expect them to just completely scrub it and wipe all existence of it
from the face of the universe except within our hearts and YouTube.
I don't know. It just seems to me like
everybody was in shock over it.
Although, I would love to see him do something along the same lines as another Silent Hill game.
That would be cool.
I just will have to see what his plans are.
I mean, still right now, he hasn't left the company,
but they probably won't announce anything like that until after
Metal Gear Solid 5 comes out.
Del Toro?
No, not Del Toro. I'm talking about Kojima.
Kojima, oh.
Yeah, well, the whole interview is actually up on IGN right now.
It was actually a really good read,
but the big thing that got me was just that he was surprised at how Konami handled the whole thing.
Aren't we all?
It's kind of like, I was almost infuriated to hear that he had no idea
that Konami was going to pull it from the PlayStation Store entirely.
Again, and that's where I go,
is that just fucking ego coming into play?
Is somebody just being a bitch?
Is that what's happening?
I don't even know anymore.
I'm taking my toys and going home.
Yes, right?
You can't play a video.
That was the equivalent of throwing the Monopoly board up in the air, wasn't it?
Jeez.
It just seemed like a big waste.
But maybe, maybe, maybe, maybe he will listen to all of the fans who liked the idea
and do something different, like maybe Loud Plane instead of Silent Hill.
I don't like this land anymore.
This siren just keeps going.
Or it could just be Quiet Mountain.
Yeah, Quiet, Loud Mountain.
Quiet Mountain.
Quiet Mountain.
Alan Wake.
Oh my god, can you imagine if I'm those guys over at the company
that makes Alan Wake and all that?
I would be like, hey, give it to Toro.
Wink, wink, nudge, nudge.
Let's see what we can do together.
Not necessarily in the Alan Wake series, but I don't know.
Wink, wink, nudge, nudge, say no more.
Well, here's something else to think about.
They were going to team up for Silent Hill.
What about something like, what's the other series he has?
The Mech series?
Zone of Enders?
Kojima? Yeah, Zone of Enders.
Yeah, imagine him teaming up with the Toro for Zone of Enders.
He can do whatever he wants if he goes to Kickstarter.
He can just pick his project, which for better or for worse.
Again, I completely understand people's reservations about Kickstarter,
but for better or for worse, he could go there and whatever project he wants to do,
and he'll get funded for it. You know he will.
Doesn't mean the game will be good, but it might be.
Anyway, Loki, what have you got for us?
Alright, so Nintendo, they're bringing back the Nintendo World Championships 2015.
So they have a little teaser thing.
They were talking about an event that's going to be kicking off on May 30th.
It's going to have regionals held around the country at different Best Buy locations.
Kind of like how they've done demo kiosks for games in the past, had that sort of thing.
And those who do well enough will be invited to compete in LA.
So no idea what the criteria is going to be yet.
That's not going to be cheap. I wonder if Nintendo is paying for airfare for the top person from every Best Buy location or something.
Which by the way, and I'm saying this now, it will not be every Best Buy in America will have this.
It's going to be, like you said, those Nintendo previews.
And like they said they were going to do for, what was it, Mario Maker or whatever this year, right?
It's going to be select Best Buys and it's going to depend on where their retail reps around the country are stationed.
So if you live in a smaller town that maybe doesn't have a dedicated person, you're probably not going to have this come to the Best Buy near you.
It's going to be in whatever big cities near you.
I'd love to do it, but once again I just can't get the time off.
Yeah, and well, I'd be curious like, you know, they haven't said anything about how it's going to work or what games are going to be in it.
Which is fine, you know, they want to keep it under wraps or whatever.
I would be very tickled if there was some way you could like download a thing and play it and try it that way.
Although, I don't know, maybe they're worried about people exploiting it so they have to have these retail folks be referees or something for it, I don't know.
But I'm really surprised they've kind of held back like what is going to be in it.
Also, like a lot of things Nintendo these days, I expect the demand to far outpace the supply.
And my legit concern is like, let's say, there's going to be like one of these world championship qualifying events in like San Jose for all of Northern California.
And it's like, okay, yeah right, like that Best Buy is going to be a fucking madhouse.
And it's not, like they're not even going to know what hit them.
And it's like most things Nintendo, there will not be enough for all the people to check out their work.
They know what they're doing. They know what they're doing, okay?
You can't play ignorant this long to pretend that they don't know what they're doing and driving up their demand.
They know what they're doing. They're just plain dumb.
William Murderface in chat over at live.vognetwork.com says,
So, LA, Seattle, Phoenix, New York, Atlanta, Miami? Yeah, those areas for sure, but it'll be a little more than that.
A good barometer, look at who did the previews for, what was it last year? Was it Mario Kart 8 they did the best? No, I guess that would have been two years ago.
Last year was Smash Brothers, I think.
That's it. So look for like in the years past, if your local Best Buy had the Nintendo stuff in the years past, it will likely, not guaranteeing it though, but it'll likely have it again this year.
You know, there'll be some minor shuffling around there, but it'll be about, you know, that same amount at least for sure.
So, there you go, you have that to look forward to, but yeah, I just, there's another part of me that's like, I'm just, I'm too old, as sad as that sounds.
No, you're not. I think I am, like I don't want to go hang out with all these screaming teenagers.
Well, no, hey, don't get me wrong, I don't want to either, but I'm saying I'm not too old for this.
Like, can they, can they have separate like areas or like separate times at Best Buy, like all the teenagers go at this time and then all the 30 plussers go at this time?
Can we have that? Then I'll do it. Am I being ageist? Yeah, a little bit, sorry. It's just, you know, ask me what movies have been ruined by that age bracket.
I say that fully realizing that we probably have teenagers that listen to this program. It's not you, but you know the people your age that ruin it for everybody else. You all know them.
Anyway, let's talk about some other E3 events, if you covered everything you wanted to for Nintendo E3, right?
Yeah, they'll do the streaming thing, which is nice. I'm sad this is the one year that I'm not going to be able to actually watch all that live, because I used to do that while I was working.
It's research for my job position, but even if in a perfect world I was able to do that at my current job, the infrastructure there just won't support it. It's crap.
Well, some other E3 information, since we're about a month away now from the big show. Square Enix, and there was a lot of talk on Twitter like, what are you going to watch?
Are you going to watch Nintendo or are you going to watch Square Enix? Because they're both at 9am.
Square Enix.
Well, I was like...
Flip between both.
I've got two monitors, let's do this. That was my perspective on it. However, Square Enix has retreated a little bit and decided to push back their conference.
It will now be at 10 o'clock Pacific Time, which is 2am over in Japan, but you can check that out on their YouTube channel at Square Enix Presents, and it'll also be on Twitch TV at Square Enix Presents.
So yep, they bumped it an hour back so they don't have to compete with Nintendo, so that's probably good. Unless Nintendo decides to take more than an hour, but I don't think they usually do.
I think their Nintendo Directs E3 are usually, what, about 50 minutes or so?
They were like 45 minutes, I think, last year.
Yeah.
Well, they don't fluff it up the way that Microsoft and Sony do. A, Nintendo doesn't have to talk about TV and those types of entertainment.
They do fluff that shit up like crazy.
Let's show you some gameplay and explain how this works. I don't fucking care. I don't have the game yet.
I don't think it's as bad as what Microsoft and Sony do because they talk about a lot of non-gamings. Remember the Powers thing at the Sony?
I still haven't watched that and I have access to it, I just don't know.
I expect that Nintendo will get through it a little faster. But anyway, Square Enix is going to be going at 10 o'clock and no idea what they could be showing.
They'll be showing pictures of the outside of their theater where you can go watch the actual video for it.
Rise of the Tomb Raider seems like a given and Final Fantasy XV. I would assume we're going to get another taste of Kingdom Hearts III. It's about time.
Just Cause 3.
Yeah.
Absolutely.
I'm going to put my tinfoil hat on. You ready for my crazy E3 prediction from Square Enix? That probably won't happen, but I really think there's a chance. You ready?
I think Square Enix is going to re-unveil the Final Fantasy VII thing for PlayStation 4.
And they're not going to say that they fucked up the first time they announced it, but they're going to say something to the effect of based on passionate feedback, we've enhanced the PC version.
And don't get too carried away, but I can see that they're going to maybe say, we went back and we enhanced some textures. We did this other treatment with it.
They're going to really try to bump up that Final Fantasy VII remake as more than a PC port. Because where the hell did that thing go? If it was just a PC port, it would have been out by now.
So that's where my tinfoil hat is right now. Final Fantasy VII, maybe they decided, hmm, especially with the Final Fantasy X remasters doing so well and all this other stuff, maybe we're going to turn up the graphics on level 3 just a little bit.
We're not going to throw a lot of money at it, but we're going to be able to go back to the people and say, you know what, we actually did do some improvements here over the PC version.
So we'll see. Again, tinfoil hat, that's all I have. I could be way wrong. I'm sure many of you pessimistic folks are going to disagree with me there.
I'll do a new Hitman game maybe. I just watched Just Cause 3. That is like, I'm hyped for that.
Bonds 006 in chat following up with that saying, or in lame terms, we've made so much money, we have the balls to give you a remastered Final Fantasy VII and you guys will love it.
Yeah, you know, Square Enix is in a good place right now. Ziba says, I'd buy it if that happens.
SHO 100 Matt says, I'll always bet $1 on Gabe coming out and saying Half Life 3, dropping the mic and walking away.
He is going to be at E3.
And just, there is something happening this year that's never happened before.
The internet would explode.
There is a PC press conference this year that's never happened before.
Just, I'm going to leave some tinfoil here on the table and I'm going to walk away. You all get to the hat making. That's just all I'm going to say.
I just, please, I just hope that he just comes on stage Half Life 3.
Of course no one's going to believe it.
I still think Gabe should walk out on stage and then the number three appears behind him.
And then, I really think, and this is how it will go down, the number three will appear.
And everybody goes fucking bananas.
And then all of a sudden, GLaDOS's voice, oh, did I get you worked up about something?
And then it's Portal 3. I think that's more likely.
No, let's just go full fanboy here. I think they should just totally do like a bunch of different threes in their series.
Do like, you know, Portal 3.
And you get a three, and you get a three.
Left 4 Dead 3.
We're going to remake threes.
Team Fortress 3.
And then at the very end, you know, just kind of like, you know, pull a Square Enix and say,
By the way, we have one more thing we're going to show you.
And then boom.
Money shot.
All right, Alan Alchemy in chat says,
Him acknowledging it exists doesn't mean shit because we know it exists, but it's never been in the stage where they're comfortable talking about it.
If he says holiday season 2016, that still means nothing to me.
And SH2100Matt says,
With that news, I'm putting in $2.
There you go. Anyway, speaking about other press conferences at E3,
Microsoft, of course, announcing their expected Tuesday morning conference at 9,
Excuse me, no, Monday morning, excuse me, conference at 9.30 AM on Monday, June 15th.
That is, of course, the day before E3, but that's also press conference day.
There's lots of, you know, you go through, I think, Microsoft, then EA, then Ubisoft.
And then Sony. So Monday's always a very busy day.
So Microsoft confirming that that is going to happen.
Saying that it is their biggest year for games ever.
Which I think they have to say every year to get people excited.
Well, of course, because everything you announced last year was 2016, so...
Or no, 2015, so I guess...
Yep, it kind of has to be at this point.
Them saying that makes me think of Bullwinkle pulling a rabbit out of his hat.
This trick never works.
Sony has confirmed a 6.30 start time for their event on Monday, June 15th as well.
That's right after, of course, all those other ones I just mentioned.
There you go. No idea what Sony's going to be unveiling.
We know Uncharted 4 was pushed back to 2016.
Although rumors are getting very, very, very loud about a Crash Bandicoot revival
could be the thing that they're going to push for this holiday.
So we'll see.
I think what it's going to be, Sony-wise, is that they're going to have No Man's Sky for Halloween.
Because there's an article that they're talking about treating it like a first party release.
And so I think that's going to be the big game.
I think Sony can have more than one game. In fact, I hope they do.
Yeah, because last year they didn't have a big game at all.
LittleBigPlanet 3 was the only thing, and even that ended up being buggy.
So I think Crash Bandicoot is very likely.
It seems like a platforming game that they could, if they got some help,
they could probably turn it around pretty quick.
So we'll see. We'll see, though. We are a month away.
All the speculation will be beginning.
All right, let's move on. We've got other stories.
Speaking of speculation, Darzaka.
Well, you know what's going to be replacing the 3DS and the Wii U at the same time?
A mobile phone.
Not the NX, according to Nintendo.
Basically, the NX is not going to be a quote simple replacement for either the 3DS or the Wii U.
Iwata has told the investors.
So basically, I'll just go in and read part of the quote,
though I cannot confirm when it will be launched or any other details of the system
since I have confirmed that it will be a dedicated video game platform with a brand new concept.
We do not, pretty much, they're not going to be replacing the other items.
It's going to be a standalone. It is going to add to the family instead of detract from the family.
Do you think it's VR?
God damn it, I was about to say the same thing.
I was like, since we're having an aluminum foil party tonight,
I'm left with that same weird, like, after she's reading that and the way things are phrased,
I don't know why, but yes, I think it might be VR.
Why not?
Simple replacement in quotes.
Honestly, I would think that would be very smart of them to do that.
That's kind of the next stage where it seems to be going.
But there's got to be, like, Nintendo is not just going to do what everybody else is doing.
They're going to do the Nintendo on.
There's some fucking twist on it.
On this, they said they also want to take into account various factors,
including the playing environments that differ by country,
and he said that is all he could confirm that day.
The power glove.
SSG100Matt in chat says it's a virtual boy with duct tape over the name with NX written.
You know, and as much as you want to say, oh, Nintendo's not going to go into VR because they got burned by that once,
okay, it's not fucking 1995 anymore either.
Okay, that wasn't VR. That was just, you know...
Like, being in high school around the time of the first VR hype and the lawnmower man and all those demos that show VR,
like, it was different than what it is now.
Like, you can't compare the VR revolution going on right now to what happened in the 90s.
It's different, because this time I think it's going to work.
Not to say it didn't really fail last time, though,
I mean, because that whole kind of thing brought us things like Doom and the first person games that we have now,
so I guess I can't really say here and say it failed, but I just think it's different now.
The computer's a lot more powerful now.
That's very true, and just can do different graphics now.
Like, you're able to power VR experience using a mobile device, like a mobile phone.
Dark Soccer, you want to join our aluminum foil party and throw out a guess of your own?
You think it could be VR or you think something else?
I'm trying to think of what the N and the X would stand for.
It stands for nothing. It's a fucking working title.
Just like revolution was a better name for the system than...
How about let me finish what I was saying instead of interrupting me?
What a concept!
I was actually going to go completely off kilter and say NX for NX,
and they're going to steal NX from Square.
No.
I don't have any theories.
Is Square even trying to hold NX, you know...
There is something on that we'll get to a little later in the program.
I actually pretty much don't even care at this point.
I didn't buy a Wii U.
I'm probably not going to get a new 3DS.
Nintendo has lost me.
I don't know. It's interesting.
I almost bought a PlayStation TV this week.
Very close.
You are such a fan of Animal Crossing and all that, though.
Why does Nintendo lost you?
You just don't want to plunk down the money for a couple games?
Or what is it?
Honestly, I think I'm really just shifting back toward more and more PC.
You know, I had fun with Animal Crossing.
I had my perfect village, and then I was like, done.
It's because they haven't released Animal Crossing on the Wii U yet.
Yet.
No, I didn't actually like... I didn't like the one on the Wii.
They'll do something. They'll be like, ooh, I gotta have that.
Alright, well, in the meantime, while we wait for whatever Nintendo has in the future,
let's talk about what's happening now with some release dates around the world.
Loki.
Well, this week, of course, as we already mentioned,
The Witcher 3 is going to be coming out on PlayStation 4, Xbox One, and PC.
Along with that, Farming Simulator 15.
That's on PlayStation 4, Xbox 360, PlayStation 3, and Xbox One.
Also, we've got Hyperdimension Neptunia U Action Unleashed on the Vita.
This is also the week that we get Puzzle & Dragons, plus Puzzle & Dragons Super Mario Bros. for the 3DS.
NASCAR 15 coming out on PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360.
And I believe that's it.
Well, Project Red is not holding back from a worldwide release of Witcher 3 this week,
because Japan is also getting its version of The Witcher 3 on May 21st on the PlayStation 4,
and I believe the Xbox One as well, if you choose to game over there in Japan.
So my thing with The Witcher is, do I need to play the other games in order to kind of get the story with this?
You know, a lot of people are asking that, and I kind of think no.
I think it's kind of like Dragon Age, to be honest, because Dragon Age Inquisition...
See, that's why I haven't played Dragon Age either.
Well, I mean, if you've played the other games, you'll probably get a little more of the inside jokes.
Jamie, feel free to correct me if I'm wrong.
But I mean, I barely scratched the surface with Dragon Age. I didn't even play Dragon Age 2.
And I understand enough about what's going on with Inquisition. I get it.
I may not know as much about the character's backgrounds and things like that, but I mean, I think you can kind of jump in.
You're not going to be that lost.
Yeah, I've told people they can just pick up Inquisition and then read the wiki to find out who some of the characters are.
Yeah, and there's YouTubes out there that'll catch you up too, for The Witcher or Dragon Age.
I like that on the cape, that there was the whole, you can kind of play through parts of the story.
You know, it basically said, oh, this is the shit that's going on. What do you want to do about it?
And I've actually gone in and completely revamped my Dragon Age Origins and Awakenings thing, because now I'm having Alistair be alive so that I can tell someone else to die.
Dungeon Buster's pointing out specifically about The Witcher. Witcher 3 will be standalone.
It will make a few references back to the previous games, but nothing huge that you need to, even though they're really good games.
There's even a Q&A thing set up, some decisions you may have made in Witcher 2 to alter some things in Witcher 3.
So that comment from our chatroom, live.vognetwork.com.
Meanwhile, checking out some of the other releases.
Japan doesn't have anything on the Wii U this week, but they're going to get Splatoon at the same time everybody else does, so they have that to look forward to.
PlayStation Vita, still busy and kicking over there in Japan. More releases over there than we see over here.
Lovely Crosscation 1 and 2 in regular and limited edition on the Vita this week.
Abunai Koi no Sushahitsu, Eternal Happiness, also in regular and limited edition.
And then 12-Ji no Kane To Cinderella, Cinderella series triple pack.
Yes, that's a Cinderella game on the PlayStation Vita.
Was that one Dangerous Love?
Not like Disney Cinderella. This is some other type of anime.
Which one was the Abunai Koi?
I want to see that one, because it's got a cool name.
Here is... come on.
Another dating game?
I don't know if it's a dating game.
It's labeled under adventure.
It's probably a dating game.
It could be.
It's an adventurous dating game.
There's no screenshots, so I'm not able to see more.
But it's mostly dudes on the cover with one woman holding a gun.
Dangerous Love?
Yeah, maybe you can date men and if you don't like them, you can kill them.
Sign me up!
Uh oh, he's got a gun too.
Well, maybe it's like Mr. and Mrs. Smith or something. I don't know.
Anyway, that's what the Vita looks like this week.
On the 3DS this week, there's only one release.
Tetsudo Nippon Rosentabi Umi Tetsudo Hen comes out this week.
And it is a train simulation game. Where's Misty at?
She's got a train game in Japanese on the 3DS this week.
Because they love trains in Japan.
But a lot of people here in the States love them too.
They have cooler trains than we do.
They kind of do and it looks like it might be kind of like a management type of game.
Was it a Shinkansen game?
Tetsudo Nippon Rosentabi Umi Tetsudo Hen.
So it's not part of that series.
It's probably just a spin-off 3DS thing.
Sonic Power creates it.
There you go. That's your Japanese releases this week.
Well, in the UK we have Farming Simulator 15. Exciting.
And The Witcher 3 Wild Hunt on everything.
On the 20th we have Neonstruckt on PC. That's a cool name.
And then on the 21st we have Carmageddon Reincarnation.
Interloper for Mac and PC.
And Puzzle & Dragons ZE Puzzle & Dragons Super Mario Bros. Edition on 3DS.
Alright, just a couple more stories for you guys.
And the classic game of the week.
But before we get to Loki, I do want to point out Akuma JP gave us the link to the official website for that game.
That we were looking at with the girl with the gun.
So you can check that out for more information.
They've got characters and a little gallery you can look through.
I just am pulling it up right now.
There you go. There you go.
That's what you get for being in our chat room.
Because sometimes we have folks from around the world who can give us a little more insight to what's happening in Japan.
Or Europe. And we're very appreciative. Thank you.
Let's get back into some news. Loki.
So apparently, Microsoft is the only entity in the world that doesn't understand people's hatred for Candy Crush Saga.
Because they are making that a default download for Windows 10.
In fact, it will come pre-installed.
When you install Windows 10, it will be ready to greet you.
And you can play it.
And of course, if you're like me, you probably haven't actually checked the default games that are installed on there.
Excuse me. But I don't know. I think it's lame.
You might be allergic to Candy Crush. You just sneezed.
But yeah, I don't know. Cool, I guess. It's more bloatware that I've got to delete.
Why can't it just be a free download? Why does it need to be pre-installed?
It's arrangements and deals. That's how some of the money for this gets subsidized.
They're giving it away, right? So that's how they still make money.
Because the king probably pays them a little bit for however many people launch and play the game.
Or maybe they get a percentage of the sales from the game.
There's probably some type of arrangement.
Because if they really are giving Windows away free for people who add 7 and 8, which is how it's going to work for you as I understand it,
they're going to make their money somehow.
Yeah, through apps and quality products. I don't understand why they need to make this deal with the devil, if you will.
I mean, haven't there been enough missteps already, Microsoft? I almost said Konami. It's almost a reflex now.
Haven't you already made enough mistakes?
Micronommy.
It's like Microsoft. I don't know. Whatever. I will just delete it. I think it's stupid, but whatever.
If that's what it takes for me to get this free, it could be worse. It could have been yours.
Of course, actually, yours probably would have been better.
Bobby Blackwolf in our chatroom over at live.vognetwork.com says,
Pinball FX2 is default installed on my Windows 8 laptop. Much better, yes.
Exactly. Wasn't there a rad pinball game in Windows 95?
There was some type of game. I swear there was a pinball game that came pre-installed on 95.
There was hover.
I know there was hover. There was somebody in chat will know.
I actually didn't look that up. Hover, which they have a Windows 8 version that's free to download.
Really?
Yes, on the Windows app store.
And there's also that screensaver that's just the maze. The endless maze.
Yep.
It's not really a game, but it could be.
Thank you, Orangewright. 3D Space Cadet. That's what it was called.
Showed off some of the great technology there.
Alan says, It wasn't phenomenal, but it was definitely a great time killer. It served its purpose.
So, there you go.
And one more from me here before we get to Dark Sakura.
So, how funny. Dark Sakura brought up, or Loki, one of them brought up the Enix thing earlier.
No, I think that was you, Dark Sakura. He said, Why can't they take the NX and take Enix?
Well, Nintendo is getting a little bit of Enix, in a way.
Dragon Quest VIII going to be remade for the 3DS.
You may remember Dragon Quest VIII from the PlayStation 2.
That's where the game was first released, and I believe it was the game that had the demo for Final Fantasy XII.
So, a lot of people picked that up.
Yeah, I think so.
Or it was the other way around. Final Fantasy XII had the demo for Dragon Quest VIII, but I'm pretty sure it was...
Dragon Quest VIII had the demo for Final Fantasy XII.
But Dragon Quest VIII was a great game, nonetheless.
And it was a level 5 game, if I remember right.
And it's got a great soundtrack to it.
And, you know, has that Ni No Kuni influence that I'm sure Bobby and some of our other listeners love.
But no, I love Dragon Quest VIII. That was a great RPG.
So, it's interesting that it's going to be coming out for 3DS.
Especially when you consider that the game recently came out on smartphones in December.
But yes, in Japan on August 27th, for 5,980 yen, Dragon Quest VIII will be out for the 3DS.
There will be a new scenario, new party members.
There will be a new thief, a female thief named Gerda.
Full voiceovers will be available.
The same music by the Tokyo Metropolitan Symphony Orchestra.
And there will be StreetPass support. That will be interesting there.
There's also some retailer specific pre-order bonuses.
For example, if you get it at 7-Eleven, which is huge in Japan.
You can get a Lucky Pendant, which is an accessory everybody can use if you buy it on the online Square Enix e-store.
You can get a Candy Cane, which is a weapon for Yangus.
So there you go, it's coming out in Japan.
No word as to Dragon Quest VIII coming out in America, which is kind of a bummer.
However, E3 is coming up and this will be a nice little thing to announce that's happening.
So we'll see, stay tuned.
Stay tuned on that.
Did you ever play Dragon Quest VIII, Logie?
It's really good.
I think once.
It's really good.
Alright, anyway, let's take a time to visit a classic game for this week.
Maybe we won't do Dragon Quest VIII this week, we'll do that another time.
But Darkstalker is going to dive into the gaming vault and find a game ten years old or more that she says,
Hey, enough with all this newfangled Candy Crush crap.
Yeah.
You need to pay your respects to a classic game.
I'll show you Crush.
I'll show you Crush.
Alien Crush.
I've already done it.
Oh, bummer. Alright.
Here it is, the classic game of the week.
Darkstalker, what would you pick this week?
Thunder Force III, as inspired by my husband.
I love my man, and my man has good taste in games with really good music.
So Thunder Force III is a scrolling shooter.
Thunder Force III is a scrolling shooter.
It was put out by Technosoft.
And it was, as you can tell, the third in the Thunder Force series.
It came out in 1990 in Japan, Europe, and the US for the Genesis slash Mega Drive.
And then it was actually retooled into an arcade game.
This is one of the few games that you've seen come out in console and then get remade for the arcade.
And it came out as Thunder Force AC.
And then that version got ported to the Super Nintendo Famicom as Thunder Spirits.
Do you remember Thunder Spirits?
Thunder Spirits is a good game.
But Thunder Force III is probably, a lot of people consider this to be the pinnacle of the Thunder Force series.
So basically it takes place about 100 years after Thunder Force and right after Thunder Force II.
Just continuing on the story from the previous games.
And now, basically the previous ones were the multi-directional overhead stages were there.
This has been just completely gotten rid of.
It's all horizontal format.
And all the rest of the games follow suit.
You get to choose one of the five initial planets to start of.
And then you finish the stages.
And then you go in for three more stages as you continue through the game.
It has the weapon system from Thunder Force II with some mods.
Basically they are just better, more enhanced.
And then this time if your ship is destroyed, only the weapon that you are currently using is lost.
You will get other things back.
On higher difficulties though, you will lose all of your weapons when the ship is destroyed.
So when you press A, B, or C on the title screen, you get an option menu where you can change your difficulty settings.
Listen to the soundtrack.
And set the ship speed and everything which is kind of cool.
Because you know, making it too fast makes it too hard.
Making it too slow also makes it too hard.
You have to get it just right.
So basically with as popular as Thunder Force III was when it came out.
That's when they decided, well hey, people love this game. Let's put it in the arcade.
And it came out for Sega System C2 hardware.
The arcade version is almost identical to the Mega Drive version.
Except that it actually borrows some enemies and stages from Thunder Force II.
And adds some original content.
There is a Sega Saturn version out that was put out as Thunder Force Gold Pack 2.
Which I think we have this.
So basically, it's a really, really hard to find the arcade version of this for the JAMMA board.
So that's why they basically put it back out as Super Famicom, Super Nintendo version for Thunder Spirits.
And there's actually side by side comparisons of the games on both the Mega Drive and Super Nintendo version.
But basically because of the Sega copyright, it had to be renamed.
One thing though is that the soundtrack on the Super Nintendo one does sound a little bit better.
Because I mean, the Super Nintendo clearly had the better audio processor than the Genesis did.
Basically, this has been listed as one of the top shooter games of all time.
And when it came out, Famitsu gave it a 31 out of 40, which isn't too bad.
So, hey, Thunder Force III.
Alright, there it is, your classic game of the week.
Thunder Force III.
Lots of shooting going on in that game, I could hear a lot in the background.
But yeah, I have to admit, I have not played this game, believe it or not.
But I like the soundtrack, that's pretty groovy.
That's the one I'll have to check out.
Anyway, don't go anywhere guys, we've got plenty more show to come.
Including the Fugu question of the week, rapid fire news, and your phone calls!
1-877-GAME-OLR, or our username on Skype, if you want to call us on Skype, at us now.
Orange Lounge Radio, all one word.
We will get to all of that when we come back after a quick break with more of Orange Lounge Radio.
Welcome back everybody to Orange Lounge Radio, live on this Sunday evening.
With the 598th episode of our show for May the 17th of 2015.
And lots more to come in this part of our show.
You missed in the first half if you're just joining us live at the Voice of Geeks Network.
Fognetwork.com, we talked a lot about people's E3 plans, the various companies.
And more Konami fuckery unfortunately this week.
You missed our chat on that, but we've got plenty more to come.
I do want to quickly cover something here before I get into the forum follow-up.
But I did want to mention that the Voice of Geeks Network, which of course this show can be heard on.
The Voice of Geeks Network is actually going to be a part of the Southern Fried Game Room Expo.
That's coming up in the Atlanta area.
And Bobby is going to be there in person.
I was hoping I could be there, but it doesn't sadly look like I will be able to be there.
Maybe next year. I think things will be so fun.
This year, because I know they were good last year, that next year I'll have to make it a point to come out there.
But if you want to participate June 19th through the 21st, it is being held at the Atlanta Marriott.
And they're going to have some people there like Billy Mitchell will be there.
And I think that's the same expo where Bobby got his interview with Billy Mitchell last year.
So that will be fun.
More than 200 arcade, pinball, and console machines.
And yeah, we're a sponsor.
And Bobby is going to be moderating some of the panels.
If you like old school games at all, if you live for Dark Soccer's Classic Game of the Week, you've got to go to this.
It kind of sounds like their version of California Extreme.
It sounds very, very similar.
But for like three days.
We're on the page.
I wish I was in the area so I could go.
Teleport!
Real life and all that stuff.
Yeah, real life sucks.
Anyhow, let's get back into the forum follow-up I want to get into tonight.
Every week we invite you guys to participate with our show and continue the discussion on our forums.
You can check it out at vognetwork.com slash forums.
Or just head on over of course to vognetwork.com and click on forums.
And you can continue the discussion if there's just a little more you want to say on a particular topic.
And this week a lot of people chiming in on PTSD.
Well, two people chiming in on it.
But a lot of people around the internet on social media chiming in on this.
But a couple on our site talking about PTSD, which I think was the term coined on our last episode.
About the whole PT shutting down and what's going on.
YYR chiming in on this over at our forum saying,
I'm not buying the whole, we can't distribute it anymore because of the likeness of whatever his name is.
Therefore, we had to take PT down completely argument.
Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles' 1989 arcade game is gone from the Xbox store due to expired licenses.
But I was able to re-download it just recently.
Both After Burner Climax and Outrun Online Arcade are gone from digital stores because of the Northrop Grumman and Ferrari licenses expiring respectively.
But they're still not downloadable if you bought them already.
Part of the reason this is news is because it is unprecedented.
In virtually every other case, when a game has been delisted from Xbox Live or the PlayStation Store, you can still re-download it if you downloaded it in the past.
This is even true of Konami games, such as the Simpsons arcade game.
And this extends to free things as well.
It's still possible to re-download Yaris. I'm not sure you'd want to do that.
I'm certain that whatever dealings made that game possible are long dead.
We can continue to theorize over this, but if I were a betting man, I'd wager it had nothing to do with that guy's likenesses.
Hmm.
It was just a theory.
Well, it was probably a dick move at the end of the day. Ego and all that coming into play.
I don't know. Unfortunately, we're in the position where we lose.
Act deaf, though, chiming in. I'm not buying that argument either. It's definitely weird how it all happened.
And with Del Toro's recent words on the matter, like you talked about earlier in the show, Dark Sakura, it's just sad how Konami is handling things.
So there it is. Some comments on that from our forums over at vognetwork.com slash forums.
If there's something we don't get into on the show that you'd like to discuss, you can create a topic over there.
Or if you want to continue the conversation on something we did talk about, you can do that.
Alright, let's get into some rapid fire news. Loki's going to start us off with some of that.
Yes, so there's going to be some more skins coming to LittleBigPlanet.
And these are actually coming thanks to and part of some of the indie games that are on the PlayStation Network.
Including Octodad, Velocity 2X, which is Lieutenant Kaitana.
And also, those will be coming on May 15th, where they already came out.
Next week, May 19th, we're going to see skins from Thomas Was Alone and May 26th, costume pack for Don't Starve.
And they look pretty cool. I like the Octodad one that looks pretty cool.
And this is disappointing, because this is actually one of the mods I saw that kind of got me all excited.
I was like, oh, I really need to get this for, you know, Grand Theft Auto 5, because it looks so sweet.
But apparently there's a few mods that somebody had put out there that had malware hidden inside of them.
Including like a keylogger and other wonderful things.
And these were part of the Angry Planes and Noclip mods for Grand Theft Auto 5.
And the Angry Planes one was the one I kind of looked at. I was like, oh man, it looks so cool.
But unfortunately, someone had actually dug through there and found out that these were part of it.
And so, don't download them. And if you have downloaded them, they do have instructions online.
GTAForums has some instructions on how to remove that part of the mods.
That's what you get for cheating. Just kidding.
Only a jerk puts viruses and mods and preys on, you know, what is obviously a very popular modding community.
Yeah, it's kind of lame, but whatever.
And then, I saw this the other day because I went to Clicker Heroes to see if it was working again.
Because on my PC it just doesn't load anymore.
But there was a link on there. Hey, guess what?
Clicker Heroes is on Steam. So yes, you can download it. It's free to play.
And be prepared to lose your life to Clicker Heroes.
It was nice knowing you all.
Yes.
Alright.
Oh my god, by the way. Did you guys see the Capcom sale on Steam?
I had heard about it, but I didn't really look into too many of the details.
It's not like Ultimate Street Fighter IV was pretty cheap, but...
I bought the Yet Another Resident Evil 1 remake.
Did you?
Yeah.
Nice.
It was 14 bucks.
Why not? Why not?
Well, they have that flash sale on PlayStation Network right now.
I've been hovering over, like, I wonder if I should buy Trials, you know, because it was $4.99.
Why not?
Mass Effect Trilogy, $5.
It's on my PlayStation 3, and I just don't... I have it hooked up, but I just don't want to.
Fine.
And I don't want to.
I can't justify it, since I have my beautiful modded version on my computer.
No, I know, but...
And Mass Effect 1 isn't...
And PlayStation 3 is honestly not the best version either, but I kind of weigh...
It was actually Mass Effect 1 part of that?
Yeah. 1, 2, and 3 was part of the trilogy.
Because I know that was Xbox only at one time.
It was at one time, but then when the exclusive window expired, they put it in part of the trilogy.
But anyway, I will say this. The PlayStation 3 is probably the weakest version, unfortunately.
Just because, like, you can kind of tell it's ported over from Microsoft.
And I talked about some of the issues I had with it on my new TV a few weeks ago.
But, again, if you've never played it, $5 for three games.
It's like... it's worth it enough.
But if I wait just a little longer, I can get it for a nickel.
Or maybe the remaster. Let's hope.
It's something that will happen at E3, but who knows.
Anyway, we know some games we'll see at E3 are music-based games, including Guitar Hero Live,
which had some tracks announced this week.
Some new tracks that will be in the game, including Judas Priest, Breaking the Law.
I'm sure that's a favorite of Dark Soccer's.
Breaking the Law, Breaking the Law.
Rage Against the Machine, Guerrilla Radio, Red Hot Chili Peppers with Higher Ground,
System of a Down, Chop Suey, and Pantera with Cowboys from Hell.
That's awesome.
So there you go. Just some of them. I'm not going to read the entire list there.
Is there any more Primus?
I already closed the window. Is there any more Primus?
I opened it back up just for you. No Primus announced yet.
But they did announce previously Skrillex with Bangarang.
I don't know how that's going to work in Guitar Hero. There you go.
No, but they also have the Rolling Stones with Paint It Black.
That's pretty sad.
That's cool.
That's pretty awesome.
I just don't know how that would work either.
We'll see.
Anyway, also, Rock Band. Rock Band 4.
Some gameplay video is out this week that actually shows the game in action.
And it kind of looks like Rock Band 3 that they haven't changed a goddamn thing.
But we'll see.
That was my appearance.
It's like, ooh, wait.
We'll see. It was a good formula.
I'm just curious to see what they...
We changed our drum fill system. Wow, cool.
What else did you change?
They also unveiled six songs.
Avenged Sevenfold, Hail to the King.
Fleetwood Mac, You Make Lovin' Fun.
Jack White with Lazaretto.
The Killers with Somebody Told Me.
The Spin Doctors with Little Miss Can't Be Wrong.
That's like the definitive 90s song right there.
I can imagine that one being fun if you're playing drum.
Actually, that was Two Princes I just sang.
That was the other Spin Doctors song. God damn it.
Anyway, and The Who with The Seeker is the other song.
It's cool.
There you go. So there's some music tracks that will be in those two games.
And I'm sure an abundance of DLC as well.
Wasn't Somebody Told Me, though, in Rock Band before?
I'm pretty sure it's DLC.
Maybe this is like a pro track or something.
Maybe.
I got a couple other stories for you guys, though.
Including some Battlefront rumors.
Uh-oh.
So, some rumors for Star Wars Battlefront.
Apparently, there was a closed alpha test for some EA employees.
And, of course, information leaked to the internet.
But take it with a huge grain of salt.
After all, it is tinfoil hat night here at OLR anyway.
Apparently, the map that was in the game was on that indoor map that you see in the trailer.
20 players versus 20 players.
It was a new game mode that some are nicknaming Rushed Conquest.
The game has the map in a vertical look with one team at the bottom and the other at the top.
And there's five capture points where there's two areas to capture on the bottom.
Two in the top and one on the middle.
And to win, you either capture all five areas or you have the most areas captured before the timer runs out.
And you can't capture an area without capturing all the areas before it.
Sounds a little more like Payload or something with that.
But anyway, you can capture area number three without having controlled area number one and two.
I think that's worded weird in the story I'm working from.
I think it means you can't do it until you have one and two.
There you go.
If you get the middle area, then an AI controlled AT AT will spawn and advance and so forth.
So, just some leaked information on that.
But I'm sure you'll see plenty of that coming out of E3.
They'll probably show you the details on that.
Last but not least, Final Fantasy XI still chugging along.
Yes, Final Fantasy XI, a new update coming to the game.
No, Loki, it's not going to make it free to play.
But the first, the beginning of the end is starting.
The first chapter of Rhapsody's Evanna deal has been added.
And you can start this quest chain that is going to eventually pretty much wrap up the game.
Because as you know, the servers for the game are closing on 360 in PlayStation 2 next year.
Although the game will continue on the PC.
But the development pretty much will be done at that point.
There's a whole lot of other stuff.
There's some changes to Assault.
There's some new stuff for Mog Houses.
You can expand your Mog House to two stories now.
And there's some changes in the Mog Gardens.
There's so much, and I think so few of you are playing Final Fantasy XI that I'm not going to detail them.
But there are some neat things to check out.
I will mention, though, Corsair, because that was my favorite class to play in XI, has been changed a little bit.
They now have the Naturalist role and the Runis role.
And there's a new job ability called Crooked Cards where you can boost a role effect by 20%.
That makes me happy because I love Corsair.
Alright, Darkstalker, what do you have for us?
Um, Yooka-Laylee.
Because it has met and broke certain goals, they actually have a DLC announced for it already.
The quote basically says,
When and only when we finished and shipped the full version of Yooka-Laylee, we'll start work on additional content that will be distributed to backers free of charge for their platform of choice.
So, hey, you get a little bit more incentive.
And also, this makes me super happy and very tingly in places.
Grondia 2 is going to be coming onto Steam.
Yay!
With enhanced graphics.
Yay!
Now if only I could get the original Grondia.
Boo.
I like Grondia 2 though.
Grondia 2, I played half of it in Japanese and then finished it in English.
And my save file worked.
I was going to say, the save file crossed over that easy?
My save file crossed over.
Nice.
It was like one of three games.
Like, Power Stone was one of them.
That was one.
And I think Samba de Amigo.
So, I don't know.
And then, yay Bungie.
Bungie raised $800,000 for the Nepal earthquake relief by selling t-shirts at the Bungie store.
And they were also donating, actually the shirts were Destiny themed by the way.
And they also gave some more donations and Activision kicked in another $50,000.
So, hooray.
Nice.
It's always nice to hear of gamers doing good and game companies doing good.
And obviously, horrible what's happening in Nepal right now.
And thoughts go out to them.
And it's great that the gaming community is doing what we can a little bit for them.
So, great.
Alright, let's go to our FUGL question of the week.
Every week we go to Facebook and Google+.
And you slam those words together and you get FUGL.
This week's question has to do with the story that Loki brought us in the first part of the show about Candy Crush Saga being included with Windows 10.
Because, you know, this had me thinking like, I think there's been a lot of people, I don't want to necessarily say that started gaming on these pack-in games.
But I think there's a lot of you that played a shitload of like Solitaire, Minesweeper.
I played a ton of Solitaire, I don't know about you guys.
But some of the tech packs in Windows 3.1 were awesome.
So, we wanted to ask you guys, what was your favorite OS pack-in game?
Do you have any fun or unique gaming stories about it?
So, we'll start on Google+.
And ActDeft responded and simply said, pinball!
Which I'm assuming he meant that same pinball game I was talking about earlier.
But it could be the pinball FX2 that Bobby mentioned in Windows 8.
ActDeft, I'm gonna need you to be more specific in the future.
But pinball's great.
Redertainment replied and said, my favorite pack-in game is Hover.
A bumper car style game that was included on the Windows 95 CD-ROM installation disc, which Loki brought up earlier.
Yes.
Yeah, good times.
But I will always remember from Windows 95 that maze screensaver.
It's just an endless maze, forever and ever.
Let's go over to Facebook because we got a couple answers over on our Facebook as well to this question.
Facebook.com slash Orange Lounge Radio.
Just a couple answers tonight. Not a lot of love for the pack-in games, I suppose.
Andy R. said, was Chip's Challenge a pack-in game?
I can't remember if it was, but I know I played the heck out of it as a kid.
No, Chip's Challenge was one of those, like, it was an add-on pack thing, like, I forget the fuck it was called.
Like Service Pack 1 or something had it?
No, it wasn't a service pack. It was like, you actually bought it because it had Chip's Challenge and there was, um, Ski Free was part of that.
Oh.
I don't remember what else was in there.
Maybe, I think there might have been, like, a games and entertainment pack that Microsoft put out, like, I feel like around that time.
So I bought, like, the first one and it had an add-on there.
See, I'm thinking of my, uh, of the Odyssey 2 and Crypt Equip.
Ah, you're thinking of the console pack-in games.
I used to play a shitload of that game.
Sure. Atari 2600 in combat. That was, uh, that was like a quintessential 2600 game right there because it was, with that game in particular, that was one of the first, like, versus games.
It was, yeah, including the Microsoft Entertainment Pack.
Aha! I was onto something. There you go.
There you go. And Raginator, excuse me, hiccups. Radio guys were sending me.
Raginator chiming in there saying, can't say that I play the pre-installed stuff. Everything that I've played has been either retail or digital download.
I'm just kind of surprised, Raginator, because you love a good deal and there's free games that come with these.
Microsoft's Entertainment Pack number one actually is where Minesweeper came from.
Really?
Yeah.
But they included it later on because I know everybody had that game.
Yeah.
And now there's, like, newer Minesweepers. You know who's a Minesweeper fiend?
My pal, uh, Extrofer from Hoard House loves Minesweeper.
He actually live-streamed Minesweeper on Twitch one night and was playing. He's good at it, too.
Like, he says something like he played, like, a thousand games and he's won, like, eight of them because he plays at the hardest difficulty level.
So, it's crazy.
But anyway, there you go.
There's some of our stories of packing games from you guys at Google and Facebook.
Anything else you guys want to add to the pack-in games? Any memories there?
I think it goes without saying, this isn't really an OS pack-in game, but, I mean, you can't say pack-in game and not mention Super Mario Bros. Duck Hunt.
Like, also, like, the quintessential, you know, Nintendo game.
Actually, I am rather fond of when I get really bored. I call it Terminal Tetris.
Where you go in the terminal in OS X.
Oh.
And you've got commands to get to Tetris.
Right.
Or Snake. Or the Psychologist.
Snake is a great example, actually, from the old-school Nokia phones. I would totally consider that an OS pack-in game.
Because that was free and that shit was addicting.
But, yeah, there's chess. Chess actually is built in with OS X.
Mm-hmm.
And I play me some chess even though the computer likes to beat my ass.
He cheats.
I haven't been very good since high school, I swear.
Oh, and AkumaJP actually beat me to it in chat saying the Nokia phone is considered OS Snake.
Yeah, why not? I would count that.
That was a must-have game.
All right, we've got some more news for you guys.
And then we're going to get to the mailbag and the FUs of the week and your calls in just about probably 30 to 45 minutes here.
1877 Game OLR or a username on Skype, Orange Lounge Radio.
But first, we have some news. Loki.
So, this is good news for Konami.
Nevada has changed their gambling laws a little bit.
They passed Senate Bill 9, which opens the door for skill-based gambling devices.
Because normally now it's just kind of push button, random chess to win something.
But now, Bill 9 is going to allow you to have machines that have kind of bonus rounds or whatever that actually have some skill-based portions to it.
You know, whether that be like a driving game or like a, I don't know, like a first-person shooter or something like that.
So, there will be a little bit of skill involved in it as well, I guess.
And of course, you know, behind that, you know, Konami, they're saying, you know, hey, we'd like to thank the gaming control board and Chairman A.G. Burnett for supporting this initiative over the past year.
And we're excited that Nevada will be the first in the world to offer full extent of this innovative new form of gaming.
Act F in our chat says, dance, dance, slots, DDS. You got to dance for that money.
That's going to be very interesting, these skill-based games.
Because I don't know how many of y'all gamble, and out of those that do gamble, how many of y'all play slots.
But usually, most of the slot machines in this day and age, they have mini-game, like they have some mini-game that you get when you get the quote-unquote jackpot.
There's no real, like, everything's in the mini-game, right?
So you get, like, Wheel of Fortune, probably the most popular slot machine that's out there, at least from what I see, right?
But that's all still random, though.
Exactly, exactly. You get three wheels and it's completely random.
It spins the wheel and you just hope that you land on the big jackpot that's on the wheel or whatever, or you get a big prize from that.
And same thing with even, like, the Konami machines that are out there today.
Or, here's one of my favorite machines. One of my favorite slot machines that's out there is the Frog Prince.
And so you play the game and you try to get all these frogs in your own.
You might go to a mini-game where you kiss frogs.
And so you pick frogs at random to kiss, and then underneath is a certain value amount.
And then there's one that you finally, like, is like a zonk and you only get to keep whatever money you've earned at that point, right?
But that is, like you said, it's still luck.
It's like a lottery ticket. It's what you get to scratch off on the ticket, right?
So there's no skill involved with that. It's all luck.
Well, now we could be talking about a mini-game that is more like what we see in kiddie gambling or the ticket spitters.
Because technically, since those aren't gambling machines, you can have skill in that.
Press the button when the square is right in the middle or a crane game.
Can you have a crane game that fucking just gives you wads of cash?
Dark soccer, you love a crane game, right? Would you play a crane game that's just like,
there's no stuffed animals in here, just fucking money.
I would play that.
Right?
I would do such a thing, Rob. I would be a whore for that.
How long until someone just, like, wrecks one of these things?
Like, you know, they get to that bonus round and they're just like, all the money is mine, you know?
I would imagine, just like the ticket spitting games, there's still an element of randomness to the skill part.
Like, it's still going to be rigged so that you can't win it every single time.
Like the Dave and Buster's thing, you can't win the max number of tickets on the machines every time.
Like, what do they call that thing where the light spins around and you gotta hit the thing right when it's in the middle?
Right? I don't know what that's called.
The tornado thing.
Or there's one called Titanic, I think, where you have to, like, hit it right when it's in the middle.
And it's like, you're not, I mean, there's even probably still a little bit of randomness as to when that light really does hit the middle.
You know? It's like a nanosecond off one way or the other.
By the way, you know my love is crane games and I would crane game the fuck out of wads of cash.
I used to win the wads of tokens and the wads of tickets.
That's right. There was one that would give you just a wad of tokens.
The arcade I worked at would have packs of different denominations of tickets.
And you just grab the pack, drop.
Rama in chat says, Slotmania 2DX.
I really think what's gonna happen is that a lot of the kiddie games you see are gonna be adult games now.
They give money instead of tickets.
That's what's gonna happen.
But we'll see.
Only in Nevada.
I just don't think it's gonna matter that much.
I mean, I don't think it's gonna make a huge difference.
People are gonna play whatever slot.
People go to the casino not because, ooh, I heard they got a new slot machine, I really gotta try it out.
They go to the casino because, hey, let's go to the casino and gamble.
They're gonna play whatever fucking machine's there.
It doesn't fucking matter.
I think some of these skill-based games are gonna be a turn off for some people.
Like, look at the clientele that's usually at the casino.
It's little old ladies and little old men.
I think they're gonna see some of these and be like, oh, I don't have the coordination for that.
They're not gonna play them.
This is probably to try and attract a new audience.
To attract 30-somethings.
I just don't think it matters.
Okay, cool. I mean, if you can convince these casinos to buy your games, then more power to you, Konami.
But I just think it's, like, such a...
I don't know. I guess you're making your money, so what can I say, really? I just don't get it.
Alright, well, the thing that I...
Because, like, especially, like, I'm sorry.
Especially, like, for example, in the story, they have a picture of, like, Neocontra.
I don't think anybody that's fucking elderly knows what the fuck Neocontra is.
But you and I do, and so maybe this is to try and bring in a new audience. I don't know.
I'm just not gonna be that impressed by that.
I'm not gonna be like, oh, I gotta go play a Neocontra game.
But it's like, oh, that's kinda cool.
I'm gonna go play Wheel of Fortune.
Okay, to be fair, Konami had a Dungeons and Dragons machine last time I was in Reno.
And I had to play it just because it was Dungeons and Dragons.
Yeah, but you, like, play it once, but you don't, like, you know...
You go back to Wheel of Fortune because Wheel of Fortune pays out.
No, it doesn't. I hate Wheel of Fortune. I never pay that one.
I never pay that one. That is the tightest slot in the...
Because it's popular. I never play the ones that are popular.
I use the Allen strategy.
Allen says, find the most over-the-top, like, cheesy slot machine in the whole place.
Like Kitty Glitter, or the one with the dancing Brazilian showgirls, or his...
The one he loves in Reno is the Village People.
Village People Party or something like that. He'll play that. Always wins.
My favorite is still the Frog Prince, but it's getting harder to find because it's old.
I think there's a Frog Prince 2, though.
You know what Frog Prince 2 is? It's Frog Fractions 2.
That's what's gonna happen.
SSG-100 Matt says, just remember, we'll be old and elderly someday and we'll be playing these machines.
So will everybody in our generation.
Yeah, but we're smart enough to know, like, this is stupid.
Like, I'm smart enough to know this. I'm not gonna go, oh, hey!
Like, if I go to a casino and I see, like, Super Mario Brothers slot machine,
and, like, I don't know, Grand Theft Auto slot machine, I just don't care.
It doesn't matter. It's a slot machine.
I would rather go play an actual game.
No, I'm dumb enough to gamble. It's fun. It's a thrill for a minute.
But I, you know, I don't... I always set a budget. I don't go crazy.
There were only two times I enjoyed myself and once when I desperately needed cab fare in Las Vegas.
And I made, like, 10 bucks out of 50 cents.
And then I put in one nickel and one 15 bucks, which I promptly spent playing bingo.
But that's luck. People shouldn't think that they're always going to win.
Because you could have easily put in the 50 cents and then bonk.
So, anyway.
Alright, well, you know, Loki said a minute ago, I don't know who's dumb enough for this.
Well, I don't know who's dumb enough for this to leak information that you'd know damn well you're under an NDA for.
But, you know, you want to be the popular guy on Reddit or the internet somewhere.
And so people give in to that.
And that's how information about the Gears of War remaster leaked out to the internet.
Well, apparently, on Xbox Live, those accounts were disabled.
Now, there was some chatter about, did they... did their Xbox Ones get bricked or what the hell happened?
Because there was some misinformation going around on some of the sites out there.
So Microsoft cleared it up and said, quote,
To be clear, if a console is suspended from Xbox Live for a violation of the terms of use, it can still be used offline.
Microsoft enforcement action does not result in the console becoming unusable.
Suspensions for both consoles and accounts are determined by looking at a number of factors.
To avoid enforcement action, including suspension from the service, users should follow the Xbox Live terms of use and code of conduct.
So the offenders, their consoles were not bricked.
But since so much of the Xbox experience and really any of these companies' experience is online, unless you're Nintendo,
so much of it is online, it is kind of crippling to not be able to have that access.
But, I mean, do you really feel sorry for them?
Because, you know, they signed a non-disclosure agreement, yet they had to go run in their mouth on the internet for whatever reason.
So, I guess they can still watch a movie if nothing else.
You can still play games on it. I have a few brick consoles from when I used to mod games.
And, I mean, you can still use them.
They're just like, kind of, you can't play online.
Yeah, you can't play online, and that means you can't go on the online store, you can't get any of those deals, but...
Usually it's for piracy, or, you know, in the case of modding a game and, you know, in order to mod the game.
You've got to burn the disc, you know, so that's sort of piracy.
But, you know, usually that's what it's for, but, you know, I don't think if your console's getting banned from Xbox Live,
that's not really going to stop you from doing piracy now, is it?
That's probably going to say, well, fuck it, I can't get any worse than I am now.
Well, don't be naughty and you won't get naughty people punishment.
I wasn't being naughty. I didn't want to play a really awesome Grand Theft Auto game.
And it was super awesome until they patched it out.
Well, as long as you're not going online with it, I don't see the big deal.
I was going online with it, but I wasn't playing with other people, I was playing with my co-workers in private games.
Yeah, they probably don't care, the difference there, but I get it, I get it.
Alright, let's move on, DarkSakura.
Well, this is very sad news. This makes me want to find whoever this Jonathan person is, grab them by...
actually use a vice, clamp it in a sensitive location, and string them up by it.
There's an indie developer out there, a Dutch company called Two Awesome Studio.
And they had a Kickstarter up so they could put out a comic book styled shoot-em-up called Dimension Drive.
They needed to have a certain amount, of course, to make their goal.
They were just shy of their 30,000 euro goal when someone pledged 7,000.
And then some kind of person, you know, finished the rest of it with the remaining amount.
So they celebrated, they went on Twitter and just posted all of their joy, pictures of them celebrating.
They even called out that person's account and thanked them.
And then they got a note from Kickstarter saying that the pledge was fraudulent.
So they missed their Kickstarter goal all because of one person who was being a dick.
But, to go ahead and shed a little bit more positivity on this one is that a lot of people have actually called Kickstarter to grant an extension to the time.
Because they've already, there's one person who's already volunteered to donate 1,000 to pledge 1,000 dollars.
A few other places have been looking to, you know...
It should just relaunch the Kickstarter. I mean, they can do that.
Just say, hey, thank you for supporting us before.
Yeah, but the thing that kind of sucks about that though, just to be devil's advocate here, is that now if you start all over, now you have to wait another 30 days.
And, you know, some of these people that were probably allocated to be developing this game probably want to take other jobs.
They can't maybe wait around another month. I don't know. Just throwing that out there.
But that's sad. And you're right. Whoever this person is that did that is an awful troll.
I have heard of this kind of stuff happening though.
That people will troll Kickstarters and put these fraudulent things to either push them over or make it look like it's getting pushed over.
Even though you're not supposed to do it, I've heard of people donating to their Kickstarter that last little bit that they need to get them over the top.
So that way they get the rest of the money. Because that's how Kickstarter works, is that it's all or nothing, right?
So I've heard of people who are like 1,000 dollars short, just be like, alright, I'm just going to donate it myself.
And then they end up pretty much getting the money back minus 5% or whatever Kickstarter's share is.
But at least they get all that other money.
I'm just saying, I know it happens. I've heard of it happening.
These are some of the dark sides of Kickstarter we were talking about earlier.
It could be worse. It could be like, was it... not GoFundMe, the other one.
Indiegogo?
Indiegogo, yeah, where they just do the flexible funding thing where it's just like, oh, hey, we didn't hear a goal, but we'll keep your money.
Well, and then that's why some people will do the Kickstarter where they're only going to Kickstarter, you know, their goal is 10 dollars, right?
Or 20 dollars or whatever. And then once they hit that goal, everything is based on stretch goals.
I've seen that. That's how some people work around the Kickstarter system.
I wonder with the Indiegogo thing, like the flexible funding, if say you don't hit your goal, are you still responsible to do anything?
I mean, because it's flexible funding, so you keep all that money. Are you under no obligation to do anything?
I mean, could you essentially just create something that had a high enough goal to it and just said, ah, fuck it, you know, I'll just keep relaunching this campaign and just collecting money from it without actually doing anything.
By the way, Dar Sakura, I don't know if you saw this in chat, Dungeon Buster found a tweet that has a follow-up from Two Awesome Studio that says, we were broken, but you put us back together. We relaunch on Monday.
And they sent a link to their Kickstarter. So, there you go. They will be relaunching after.
I'm actually tempted to give to them, just out of spite from that asshole.
And, you know, supporting indies and all that. I'll have to check it out and see if the game looks good or whatever. Maybe we can, I don't know, sometimes we can get these indie folks on the show. We'll see what we can do.
Alright. Anyhow, let's move on with some more news. Loki.
Alright. So, you know, it's about, it's bound to happen. And this last batch of consoles, this generation, has been pretty good about being hacker-proof, if you will.
But that's not the case anymore. Apparently, there is an exploit out there, and it's being kind of kept under wraps right now, where piracy is able to take place on PlayStation 4.
Some of these Brazilian shops are starting to resell games, basically allowing them to install game, piratey games onto a customer's PlayStation 4 for a set amount of price.
And it's using some external hardware, including a Raspberry Pi and some other stuff to make this happen.
So far, though, the details on how this is working is still under wraps, but Sony has already, you know, taken legal action against them, or at least is trying to take legal action against them.
So, interesting. And they have kind of like a little picture on how it's working, or like, you know, some of the hardware that's involved with it, but no one's kind of nailed it down yet.
But, you know, it's only a matter of time, I'm thinking.
Hackers gonna hack! Here we go!
So, you can actually buy in Brazil, then, like a PS4 with ten preloaded games on it for the price of a PS4 and a little extra.
Because it's all stolen games.
Somehow, they're saying, the process, they're saying, they're dumping a legit console with a dozen games on it, and then they copy it to the target console.
So, in addition to a copy of the hard drive, they're also copying a dump of the NAND and BIOS, and I don't know how that's working, but it's almost like duplicating the console or something.
I can only imagine, though, that that somehow doesn't work online, because if you're basically duping the console and thinking it's another PlayStation 4, when you try to log that in, it's not gonna let you log in if you have the same NAND signature and everything.
Right.
So, you're probably only ever gonna be limited to pretty much just ten games.
I'm not sure, though, because they're saying, though, I still don't think they know exactly the process of it, but it's cloning the one console and putting the games on another console.
So, I guess we'll just have to wait a few more weeks until they figure out how it works and take it from there.
DungeonBuster in chat over at live.vognetwork.com says,
I know someone that's never seen a legitimate PlayStation 3 game before, because where they come from, the PlayStation 3s come pre-installed with games they pick from a catalog.
I'm actually not surprised to hear that at all, especially when there is no official market for Sony or Microsoft in some parts of the world.
This is what ends up happening as a result, because, you know, gamers will find a way to get that gratification of whatever it is they want to play, you know.
Not that I'm saying it's right, I'm just saying that's what happens.
Anyhow, well, if you do have pirated games, I wouldn't play them on Twitch, but Twitch TV will now be available on Roku devices.
I don't know how many of you are rocking a Roku, but Twitch TV has an app now on Roku players.
So, if you like to watch video game streamers there, you can check that out on your Roku for whatever Heroes of the Storm match you want to watch, or Dota 2, or Let's Plays, or whatever it is you want to watch.
You can now do that on your Roku.
I don't know if a lot of you out there really use Rokus, I don't know, because I feel like the folks that listen to this program, probably most of you rock Twitch TV on your PC.
And if you're not on your PC, you're probably using an iPad, or an Amazon tablet, or a Google tablet, or something.
You're probably using something else.
I guess, though, because the PlayStation app won't let you view PC streams or Xbox streams, I think the Xbox One will let you view everything, though.
I'm not sure on that. Maybe somebody in chat can correct me on that.
But maybe this is a way where you can now view anything, basically, on a TV, so that's kind of nice.
By the way, I'm on Twitch. It's Rob Roberts. I haven't streamed anything in a long time, because the first half of the year has been very busy for me.
But I'm hoping that finally, around the time E3 happens, I can kind of relaunch some streaming.
I have some ideas for some things I want to do, and how to make it a little more engaging.
Like streaming the VoG Jam game?
Oh, well, that's a given. That'll be first on the list.
That actually probably won't be a live stream. That'll be something I'm going to record and do on YouTube.
But yes, yes, I know that is long overdue.
My game will be done probably by then.
As your game is overdue, so hey.
But yes, that is definitely on the agenda, and I won't do anything until that happens.
But I'm hoping around June some of this other stuff will finally settle down, and I can get on that.
Because I have a lot of ideas.
I want to be more engaging than just sitting there going,
Thanks for subscribing. Thanks for subscribing.
Hey, yo, shout out. Thanks for subscribing.
Oh yeah, the graphics in this game are awesome. Yep.
Sorry, no tea, no shade, but that's kind of half of what I see on Twitch TV.
Alright, let's get to the mailbag.
I kind of miss the huddleful boyfriend playthroughs I was doing.
Well, you should get back into that.
Maybe.
There you go.
Alright, let's get into the mailbag.
Every week you guys send us emails to participate at orangelaungeradio.com.
Dark Soccer is going to dive into the mailbag and find the games that she thinks.
Hey, you should hear what this person has to say, because it's important.
Or even if she doesn't feel it's important, she'll probably read it anyway, as long as you're not mean.
Yeah, don't be a dick.
That's right. Don't be that dude who donated $7,000.
Someone sent us money.
Not money, why did I say money? Someone sent us music.
Music?
But I can't play it from this computer, so you would have to play it.
I'll have to screen it first.
Hey Orangelaunge, you guys are awesome. That is all EA skeezy.
P.S. I attached some of my new music to this email, check it out and let me know what you think.
I think Jamie will really like it.
Well, as I cannot listen to it here on my gorgeous little computer here, I will be checking it out when I get home.
So, yay.
But thank you.
Also, you guys should put your podcast on player.fm. Just a thought, more listeners. Also from EA skeezy.
I'm not opposed to whatever way our show can get out there even more, so I will look into that.
You know what's funny? The way we got on Stitcher, not that I'm encouraging people to do this, but the way we got on Stitcher, somebody else fucking submitted our show to Stitcher.
And that's fine because we ended up really enjoying Stitcher, but then Stitcher reached out to me and was like,
in order to continue being on the service, you have to sign such and such agreement or whatever. Listen to the legal thing.
And I was like, yo, I didn't even put our show on your site. What is this you want me to sign?
But it ended up working out. And you can't hear this on Stitcher and what we're on TuneIn and iTunes, of course, and lots and lots of other apps.
But I'll look into this player.fm thing, I'm sure, as long as they don't want money.
Yep.
That's usually my thing. As long as they don't want me to pay them money, I ain't gonna do that.
So, last email.
Hello, LR. Listening to the podcast in between working a lot on my projects and watching the pretty much ultimately disappointing Avengers 2 this week,
I noticed that multiple people suggested it would be a good idea for Microsoft to bring more Xbox One's exclusive games to PC.
I felt that I needed to remind folks of how terrible a business decision this would be for them.
By the end of the last generation, as 360 and PS3 were fairly neck and neck, we were increasingly saying exclusives don't matter as we watched their numbers drop.
But now look what happened. Out of the three new consoles, we have one distinct market leader, one lagging behind somewhat, and one lagging far behind.
PS4 doesn't need many exclusives right now because it's the market leader and that's not about to change.
They don't need Rise of the Tomb Raider or Sunset Overdrive or Forza Horizon 2 to convince folks to buy a PS4.
Otherwise, how are they going to convince anyone to buy one instead of in addition to a PS4?
Wait. I skipped a line.
Microsoft needs great games and they need them to be exclusive to Xbox One. Otherwise, how are they going to convince anyone to buy one instead of or in addition to a PS4?
And just look at Wii U if you need some more evidence that exclusives matter. Without Nintendo's exclusive games, the Wii U would be Wii Useless right about now.
Nintendo isn't about to bring Mario Kart 8 or Animal Crossing to PC. Sony isn't tripping over themselves to bring LittleBigPlanet or Infamous to PC.
And because of this, Microsoft shouldn't bring Gears of War or new entries of Halo to PC either.
Yes, it kind of stinks that those of us with gaming rigs or the console manufacturers make money when we buy console games.
And considering how much ground they've been losing to mobile devices as it is, they probably want to keep as much of that money as possible.
Walled Gardens are the best gardens. Aaron, YYR.
Thank you, YYR, for that email. And yeah, I kind of agree with what he's saying in there.
I still feel like, you know, with some of that XNA and the indie stuff, I still feel like, well, yes, it does bring an enhancement to the consoles, but Microsoft could still make money selling those games onto their platforms.
So I feel like money lost here could still be money gained here. But I mean, I get the gist of what Aaron's saying. Especially when it comes to, I totally agree with the whole thing where PlayStation 4 doesn't need exclusives because they're ahead right now.
And people know that if they want to play like Mortal Kombat X with their friends, they're going to probably have to buy it on PlayStation 4 unless they're one of those groups where their friends all happen to be on Xbox One.
And that's what happens when you're the market leader. However, I also don't think Sony should rest on their laurels, but I don't think they are.
I think they just, you know, they've got a few things in the pipeline and it's really hard to say what things look like until we're after E3 because everything is kind of a wild guess right now for what the holiday season is going to look like for Sony.
I think if they have a Crash Bandicoot game and No Man's Sky and what a God of War HD remaster and who knows what else, you know, they'll have enough this holiday season that Uncharted 4 can wait a little bit longer.
Alright, was that it for emails tonight?
That was it.
Alright. By the way, YYR, I have to mention this because it's been on Twitter. I don't know if you're aware of this, but YYR has been sending us some tweets over Twitter.com slash O-L-R.
And since he put it on Twitter, I'm assuming this is public info and whoever wants to know it can know it.
But YYR is currently in the process of porting pixel shits to the Android.
Yay!
Because I guess for some reason you can use the word shit on the Google Play Store. They don't give a shit. So yeah, that's something he's working on right now.
So pretty soon you will be able to play pixel shits while you're shitting on your Android device if you happen to have one or your Android tablet.
If you want an idea for an iOS friendly name, Pixel Poops also works.
Or can you do Pixel Sharts?
Because I feel like that's more appropriate.
Pixel Flop.
Because they're little flops.
Brad from Pod Culture suggests Pixel Shite.
I think shite might still be.
Might still hit the trigger.
Tiger Claw says, so they're not censoring the word shit? Apparently not. That's why YYR feels pretty confident.
I don't know. You know what? No matter what he calls his shit, it's awesome and we'll be pimping it here.
Cool, I'll just change the name of my car game then for when I put it on. It'll be called It's Time to Shit.
Hot shit car racing game.
We have pixel dumps and pixel dung and pixel droppings.
Suddenly, I still like Pixel Shark. Come on.
I'm still fun to pixel poop.
I was going to say, this is going to be like that episode of South Park where they say shit on TV for the first time and then it's like, NBC's must shit Thursday.
Anyway.
I like Allens.
Pixel Poops. P-E-W-P-S.
Poops. Poop. Poop.
Oh, you kids and your poop jokes.
Let's get to the FUs of the week.
FU to Comcast and FU to, well because my internet at home has been kind of crappy.
And FU to having a cold, which I'm mostly over. I'm not contagious anymore.
And FU to me who is about to eat Cheesecake Factory and it's amazing.
Sounds good though.
And FU to me and my poor impulse control because I order, I may or may not have just purchased the World of Thedas volume 2 to be shipped to my house next week.
Maybe.
FU to lack of self control, right?
Loki.
FU to jury duty.
Because I have to do that tomorrow.
You poor bastard.
I hate jury duty.
Does your work pay you for it at least?
Yes, I get unlimited jury duty. They're kind of at the point now that using your work as an excuse to get out of jury duty is not going to work because they know that you love to pay for jury duty.
Yeah. Thanks a lot.
There you go.
Hopefully I don't get out of trial. It will give me some time to work on my game though because it is super boring.
Well there you go. You can work on your game while you're at the, you can take your laptop in and stuff, right?
Yeah, hopefully.
Not into the actual courtroom.
Not in the courtroom, but you're in that jury room.
No, no, that's not true. Like I brought my laptop last time. It just, it's in my bag. I mean it's not gonna, not like typing.
Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. You can't have it out and do it.
I'm not even like typing. Like I'm sorry, what you're saying is really boring. I'm going to work on my game.
Yeah, you don't want to get called out by a judge for that one. That might be bad.
Alright, my FU of the week. My FU of the week goes to like just being insanely busy. I'm falling behind on some commitments I have and it's just, it's bad.
Which is crazy because I let something go that was really big last year to get more time and it feels like there's less of it, but such is life I guess.
FU to the fact that I'm getting allergies late in life, but that's because I've been exercising more often and I'm going out walking more often.
So I guess that's a good thing is that I'm being more outdoorsy. So thank you to the fact that I've lost 12 pounds in the past two months.
I'm very excited and happy about that, so I end with some happiness there.
My goal is to lose even more before DragCon. DragCon? FU to the fact that I didn't go to DragCon this weekend, which was on my mind.
But my goal is to look good for you guys all before DragGunCon because I know that'll be the next big convention that I go to over Labor Day weekend in Atlanta.
So there you go. Alright, just a few more stories for you guys and then it will be Skype-lime time, but first, Loki.
So it seems like, I'm surprised this is still going, I thought this had been settled a while ago, but Gearbox and 3D Realms, they've settled their Duke Nukem lawsuit via mediation.
Yay, which means an undisclosed amount of money got paid to someone.
Yes, it says, according to the filings, Gearbox reasserted its legal position on May 12th and the court accepted the filing and indicated a mediated settlement had been reached.
And let's see here, the terms of the settlement are sealed, unless one of them divulges it, and includes provisions for 3D Realms to repurchase the IP.
And the buyback amount would include the original purchase price, amount of loans made by the publisher, take two in service of bringing the game to the market, and expenses incurred by Gearbox for development of Duke Nukem IP, not recovered by the revenue earned from the sales of Duke Nukem Forever and any subsequent games.
And royalties, I guess, they were also included in the amount.
So, yeah.
So there's a bunch of rich lawyers then.
So they, unfortunately, it looks like they tried reaching out to Interceptor, but they weren't able to confirm any of the terms of this settlement, obviously.
At least it's settled. Does that mean we'll get new Duke Nukem games? Hopefully.
Hopefully they'll be better than the last one.
Ah, that is true.
Another thing that they could consider putting Duke Nukem on is VR.
Okay, look, I'm not saying that everything out there necessarily has to go to VR, but certainly some of the big companies are thinking about VR and what could be happening in the near future.
And Ubisoft making a comment to investors this past week about VR, mentioning that they are currently developing a certain number, quote a finger, of titles that will take advantage of VR devices once they start reaching stores in 2016.
Of course not saying what those games are, although I would think Assassin's Creed would be something, I don't know, but you never know.
Or maybe, hey, I would love to see something like, because didn't Ubisoft ultimately publish A Child of Light?
So I don't know if they still have some type of association there where they could be publishing future games in that series. That would be awesome.
But anyway, they are investigating that right now, and you know, I kind of feel like this is probably more about PlayStation 4's Morpheus, or whatever they ultimately call that, which I wonder if we're going to find that out with this E3.
I would assume we will find out the final name at E3 this year, but that could also be something they sit on until the PlayStation experience in Vegas later this year, so who knows.
But I would assume that Ubisoft is probably already tackling how they're going to do games on the Morpheus.
It's probably a little more that than Oculus Rift, although Ubisoft does put a lot of their stuff out on PC, so I don't think Oculus would be out of the picture.
And they've also been talking about possibly having Oculus being used for console games, but I don't know how that would work, considering how we know that the Morpheus is supposed to work with a separate box and handling some of the processing.
Yeah, and the whole deal with the Morpheus is that it's also going to show the image on the TV and the headset. My understanding is that Oculus doesn't really do that right now, right?
No, you can. You can do that.
Oh, no, I'm sorry, you do, but it's the same image, right? Whereas on the Morpheus, can't you do different images?
You can do different images on the Oculus, technically. I mean, right now they have a direct mode where you can just beam the image to your Rift and not have anything on your screen.
It could be just something completely different, or you can do an extend screen mode type thing, but essentially you could probably do that.
Why did I feel like there was some type of big difference there with Morpheus? I don't know why I felt that.
I don't know, but I'm assuming you could do that, just nothing really utilizes that right now.
Right now. But with those specs for the Oculus, I'm sure they'll be able to do quite a bit with that there.
And Bobby Blackwell, of course, who loves his VR, was saying it is possible to do different images on the PC. It's just based in your game.
Harmonix's Oculus Rift test sent a different image to the PC monitor that was not stereoscopic. That was the one that was at PAX East.
Alright, plenty more VR stories to come after this E3, I'm sure. But for now, we are done with the news that we had scheduled for tonight, so it's time to go to the Skype line.
1-877-GAME-OLR, or our username on Skype. Orange Lounge Radio, if you'd like to give us a call. We can talk about anything we've talked about so far, or something else if you'd like.
Again, that's 1-877-GAME-OLR, or our username on Skype. Orange Lounge Radio. The Skype line is open right now, and it's actually already ringing.
I love this lesson delay we have now, because our delay went down to like 5 seconds or something on the new server, and now people hear things much faster after I say it.
So we do have a call on the line, let's get to it. Hi, you're on Orange Lounge Radio, who's this?
It's me, Ronma.
Hey Ronma, how you doing?
I'm hanging in there.
Yeah? Did you go to a con this weekend?
Sort of. There were two conventions this weekend, but since I'm saving cash for Denver Comic Con this weekend, I went to a local event called the New York City Dance Parade, and it was frickin' phenomenal and amazing.
Fun! Wasn't ASAN also this weekend?
Yeah, it was. You had ASAN, you had EmCon, you had CloverCon, you had Atlantic City BoardwalkCon, and probably a couple of others.
May is like the big cluster-f of conventions, because we all know what's going on this weekend.
And DragCon was this weekend, most importantly, at the LA Convention Center, where they do E3. All the drag queens that were ever on RuPaul's Drag Race were there.
So why didn't you go?
I really should've. I didn't go because of my day job, which is keeping me from a lot of things right now, but maybe next year.
Also, it was the first year, and you never know how things are going to go the first year, but it seems like everybody who went had a really good time.
Just remember two things, Rob. Treat yo'self.
I know, I know. I had to cut back on conventions this year. It's a big reason why I'm not doing E3 as well.
I had to choose which conventions are worth the sometimes thousand dollars it takes to go to a convention.
If you're talking flight, hotel, food, and all that, doing DragCon can cost me like a thousand dollars. But it's worth it!
I know that feeling, me and Mark O'Chon going to Denver this weekend. Yeah, we kind of know the impact of that.
There you go. But I know, I was just going to say, Fanime is coming up in a couple weeks. I know that's a big deal out here.
So that'll be fun for those that can go. I don't know if I'm able to go.
There's another big convention they do out here, I don't know if you've heard of it, called BayCon, which always cracks me up.
You've heard of BayCon, yep.
Yeah, which cracks me up because it sounds like bacon.
Actually, we have a convention out here called BayCon.
Oh really? Nice. But that's just like a general nerd thing that they do. I guess it's kind of like the Bay Area's version of DragonCon, really.
And I've always meant to go, and for some reason I just never get over there.
Well, eventually you will.
Eventually. But I've got this show, I've got episode 599 of this show next week. We almost were going to have episode 600 on Memorial Day weekend, but it didn't work out.
Hey, some things it doesn't work out. It wasn't meant to be, but you know what, it'll all work out in the end.
It will, it will. I'm going to be seeing hopefully a lot of y'all, maybe not you specifically, Rama, but a lot of folks in chat at DragonCon, which is always a blast. I'm really loving that convention, so that'll be a good time.
And don't forget MagFest, because once the hotels go up, I will be booking rooms.
I'm all in on MagFest for sure. Hopefully MagFest, and now that the cat's out of the bag, MagWest is going to actually be a thing next year.
So they had a big planning thing a couple weekends ago. I couldn't go to it, I really wanted to, but a friend of mine was moving out of town and I had to do something with her.
So yeah, I didn't get to the MagWest planning thing that they did, which was all posted publicly, it's not a secret.
So yeah, I really want to be involved with that, because I'm assuming that is Rockage basically doing the Pokemon evolving right now into what it was always going to end up being, which is MagFest West Coast.
That's my assumption, I don't know that that would be the case, but I figure that's what's happening.
Fair enough.
Anyway.
Yeah, let's talk about the main reason why I called in.
Sorry for the four minute tangent, but that happens on this show. What's on your mind tonight?
It's the whole Konami aspect. I mean, I do understand how they're saying, we're going to go into mobile games because that's where the money is.
Depending on the company and your franchises, it's true.
I mean, for example, there is a popular puzzle arcade game that most of us have played in the arcades, and we all know it off of a Neo Geo machine.
And it's gotten several iterations, right?
Puzzle bobble?
Yep. And it's one of my personal favorites. And I didn't realize that there was a version for the 3DS.
So I found it, and I put it in my cart, and I'm like, you know, when the time comes, I'll go out and purchase it.
Now, I happen to go onto the Google Play store, and I come across this gem right here.
If you can hear it, if my screen doesn't screw up.
I'm hearing more static than I am game noise, I'm sorry to say.
It's okay.
So I found Bust-A-Move for my phone. There we go.
Oh, now I hear it.
So I feel that, you know, even though I walk around my 3DS on a daily basis with all of my games, nine times out of ten, what am I doing?
I'm playing games on my phone. I mean, why should I go out and drop like ten or fifteen dollars on a new copy of Bust-A-Move for my 3DS when I can just download it for free on my phone?
And the only time I would have to spend money if I choose to is for extra power-ups and so forth.
And between you and me, 99 cents ain't much. And to the mega companies, all those 99 cents do add up.
Yeah, no, and I hear that, but I feel like there are some experiences that will work on mobile. It's just like some experiences that will work on 3DS and some that won't.
And I just think some of the big Konami franchises like Silent Hill, Castlevania, Metal Gear, they're not going to work on mobile.
Whereas puzzle games are one thing.
Well, I mean, it can but it cannot. I understand these games are graphical powerhouses and you need a lot of power to run it.
But I do see people sitting there on the trains. They got their phones going, listening to music, but they got their tablets out and they're not watching.
They're playing games on it. And you got powerful processors for the tablets, so it's not hard for them to scale it down and put it on a tablet.
Because we're at an age where you can either drop $500 on a pretty good laptop that will last you a few years, or a next-gen console, or a tablet with state-of-the-art graphics and a very fast, powerful 4 or 8-core processor.
I still feel like people are going to be making experiences for the living room. Because it's not like you see a lot of homes cutting the cord with cable, but you don't see a lot of homes not having a TV.
I guess some houses do do that. And you are really, if you think about it, in an age where if you have tablets and stuff, you don't really need a television. But most homes don't forgo that. At least not yet.
Not yet, yeah. But also, you can go into any corner like drugstore and pick up a little adapter, you plug it into HDMI port, you have Android right there. They come out with these adapters and cables where you can just hook up your phone and your tablet directly to it.
I mean, with a $15 cable you can do all that and then some.
Things like Raspberry Pi is like a whole computer you can just plug in your TV. It's crazy.
Well anyway, Rama, my friend, anything else on your mind before I let you go to get more calls?
No, that's it. We're just gearing up and getting ready for our Memorial Day weekend.
Alright, well have fun and we'll tune in to hear all the details on Anime Jam Session Tuesday nights here on VOG.
Yes, as a reminder, we will not be here next Tuesday because we'll be recovering from our flight.
What? How dare you? No, that's fine. Understood.
Hey, the convention is Saturday, Sunday, Monday, so we're leaving Tuesday.
Yeah, fair enough. We'll get a rerun slated or something then. Alright, my friend, have a safe trip.
Thanks a lot. Really appreciate it.
Yep. Bye. Bye.
That'll be fun. I wish I had the time and money to go to Denver. The only time I've ever been to Denver is the airport.
That'll be fun to go to the convention. I think our buddy Jason, who does the voiceovers, is out in that area.
It'll be fun to surprise. I'm here. Entertain me in your town.
Alright, anyway. 1877 Game OLR or user name on Skype, Orange Lounge Radio, all one word if you want to call in.
Say hello and talk about anything we've talked about on the show tonight or maybe something different.
Loki, we want to check in with you and see if you have any last minute stories here.
Not really, but I do have one thing I was going to mention. There was a Kickstarter I posted, like a link to this week, called Power Drive 2000.
It looks awesome. You should go check it out. It's an 80's retro-styled racing game and it just looks fantastic.
It's got a pretty awesome soundtrack to it. Along with that, another racing game that's in development right now for the Wii U, the 90's Arcade Racer.
They have some video up on that and it looks gorgeous. Check that out.
And last but not least, Final Fantasy VII got retranslated by some fans. So they redid the English translation on it because of misspellings from the original.
Or these wonderful gems like Aerith saying, this guy are sick.
Oh, I didn't know there were huge issues. So it's just minor grammar fixing and things like that then.
Oh yeah, and then the name of the project is called Beacuz, because that was one of the original misspellings in the localization from Genova.
One last call for calls. 1-877-GAME-OLR, or use your name on Skype, Orange Lounge Radio. Don't be that person that sits there and says, well I missed the chance to call in, what happened?
Let's see, I was checking to see our Twitter. There were some tweets going back and forth this week because I'd said something about our 600th episode was right around the corner.
And I was like, oh my god, I can't believe we're staring at our 600th weekly episode soon. But Loki, you had actually tweeted an interesting observation about The Simpsons just got renewed through their 29th season. Something like that, right?
Yeah, through their, I don't remember which season they're on now, but they're up to episode 573, which I thought was funny.
And the fact that we're hitting 600 episodes.
There's more episodes of OLR than there are The Simpsons.
Granted, we don't have an animation team and all that stuff. A lot more involved in the process, but yes, there are.
There's only 20 episodes of The Simpsons a year, and there's probably 40-50 of OLR at least.
Probably on average, we take about 6 weeks off during the year. With our 13th anniversary coming up, if we didn't miss a week anywhere, we really should have been passing episode 666 right about now.
But we're not there because we take time off to do conventions. E3 week, we almost have never had a show in the past because we were usually there.
So this year will be different because I don't know what we're going to do for E3 on the network. I don't know if we're going to do any of those specials or anything. I have to work.
So I will not even be able to watch the conferences during the day, so sadly I won't be able to be here to do the competition.
I have no vacation time, but haven't started crewing it yet.
Being a grown up sucks. But we'll be here to do the wrap up and everything. I don't know if we'll end up doing a longer show. We'll have to mitigate the news somehow because that's going to be a crazy show that Sunday, so we'll figure it out.
But anyway, yeah. 600 episodes of OLR in a couple weeks. That's crazy.
Alright, well since nobody else is calling in, I guess that means it's time to close up shop.
Again, we were short of three hours tonight, but we were still longer than last week. Last week's show was the shortest show in like four and a half years of OLR, if you can believe it.
But we're just in that news drought right now. We'll try to get some guests or something, try to get some fresh faces, maybe do a list list.
I think we're going to be at about the time to do E3 predictions pretty soon, so I know we have that list list. We haven't done a match game in forever, so we'll try to get one of those in the coming weeks before things get too crazy after E3 here at OLR.
And Bobby Blackwell says, yeah, you had the longest show ever the week before. Ah, the marathon episode will always be the longest show ever. That was like four years ago. We need to do another one of those at some point.
But, one show at a time. So anyway, that is going to about do it for another episode of OLR. I want to thank you guys for tuning in and downloading the show and supporting independent broadcasting. Thank you so much.
If you didn't like what you heard here at OLR, hey, it's all good. Thanks for trying and just support another hardworking indie broadcaster that's out there doing this for nothing but the love of the game.
Especially those that support positivity in our community and not the jaded people that just exist to spread negativity. We got plenty of those already, bro. We don't need any more.
Alright, so if you did like our show though, please help us spread the word. Tell a friend or two or five or fifteen about the show. Help spread the word because it is a show where every gamer has a voice, but we can only spread those voices if we have them here.
So please, a nice five star review on Stitcher and iTunes goes a long way as well. Time to go around the room and get everybody's final thought. Dark Sakura, you might get to have cheesecake a little early tonight. Your final thought tonight?
I like big pies and I cannot lie.
These other brothers can't deny. That's for sure. My final thought tonight. My final thought is, well, it's good we wrapped up a little early because I forgot to put the rice on when I was supposed to for our own dinner here in house tonight. So now Alan won't get mad at me for screwing that up.
Loki, last but not least, your final thought tonight?
My final thought is, first off, I bought Minecraft on PlayStation 4 just now. And second off, our Minecraft server is gone.
Rest in peace.
Yes, and I was meaning to actually shut it down at some point, but I didn't have to because the server company that was in charge of it decided to just shut down. Oh, but did they decide to stop payments? No, of course not.
So, probably paid it a couple times since they've shut down. I think it was in March, maybe, is when they shut down. But it's gone, so I didn't even get a chance to back it up or anything. And unfortunately I don't plan to bring it back because I don't think there was anyone on it last year, so who knows?
Maybe if we, you know what we could do, we could launch a Kickstarter to bring back the Minecraft server and then we'll see who's interested. Put your money where your mouth is. The servers are super cheap.
I mean, it was like five bucks a month, so I don't really care about that because I spend more on that and food during the day.
We need to completely reskin a game and put it on a private server and make it ours.
You're in charge of that project.
I say we do a private version of Final Fantasy XI.
Okay, get to work.
But I want it to be super powered and everything and just ridiculous.
Shane would help, I'm sure he would.
He could just blow through the game super fast. We'll add monsters. That's what I like doing is when I super power stuff like that, I also make it super difficult, so it's kind of like boosting your skills but also making the challenge harder. It's kind of best of both worlds.
Alright, alright. Well that is going to do it for another episode of Orange Lounge Radio. Thank you guys so much for tuning in and listening this week. We will be back in seven days with episode number 599. Thank you guys, have a great week.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio. Orange Lounge Radio is a production of OLR Studios. To join us for a live show, tune into vognetwork.com Sunday nights at 6pm Pacific, 9pm Eastern.
The views and opinions expressed in this program do not necessarily reflect those of the staff of Orange Lounge Radio or VOG Network, but you know they were all still true.
See you next week!
Thanks for watching!
