Orange Lounge Radio is taped live on Sunday nights and released to our podcast stream twice weekly.
To listen to the first half of this episode, visit www.orangeloungeradio.com
for links to websites with listings of past episodes.
Now the conclusion of this week's episode of Orange Lounge Radio.
Welcome back to Orange Lounge Radio on this lovely Sunday evening, September the 23rd of 2007.
I know we don't talk about the weather a lot on this program because we're a video game podcast after all,
but I have to say here locally, where we're based out of Sacramento, California,
it's been nice to actually see some signs of fall recently as opposed to still the temperatures above 100 degrees.
So it actually rained this weekend. Perfect day to stay indoors and play video games, which is what I did.
I played Eternal Sonata like all day yesterday.
I love the rain.
Rain's nice, but you know...
I opened all the windows in the house while I was home.
Yeah, I don't necessarily want to go out and play in it, but I have the view.
I can look in the backyard and watch the rain fall, so...
Rain is great.
Rain's okay. It's overrated sometimes.
If I wanted to see rain all the time, I'd live in Seattle or something.
Live in Alabama for a while.
Do they get a lot of rain there too?
Oh, hell yeah.
All right.
Second highest precipitation in the country.
It's a subtropical climate.
All right. Less weather, more games.
Yes. One interesting thing to happen this week is that Intel has actually bought the physics engine Havok
and is now going to be incorporating it into their product.
Interesting enough, the Havok engine has been in quite a few games,
including Bioshock, Stranglehold, Halo 2, Half-Life 2, Oblivion, and Crackdown,
and they've bought the company for $21 million.
So...
It's pretty cool.
I could sell them my cat for $21 million.
So maybe we'll see some more Havok stuff built into the new Intel chips,
which would be good because, you know, physics are awesome.
That's the new wave now.
Take it from Loki.
Physics are awesome.
In games.
Wouldn't it be physics is?
Real physics suck.
Intelligence are awesome.
Intelligence are awesome.
That's right.
Get this, and you have to be really intelligent to do something like this.
A World of Warcraft character has been sold for 7,000 euros.
That would be about $9,700 US.
The reason why it sold for so damn much money,
apparently it had four out of five pieces of a tier six armor set.
Obviously the damn thing was level sevenary.
It had legendary swords that were dropped by Illidan Stormrage.
So basically it was about as high of a character as you can get.
And there you have it.
This character sold for $10,000.
Granted, I don't know where this sold, but I'm assuming it was on eBay or something.
It sold for...
The price was in euros, so it had to be in Europe.
Well, yeah, but was it like eBay Europe or what?
I'm not sure.
If I were rich, I would buy him and delete him.
That would piss everyone off.
Well, I thought it was funny they were mentioning in there that the person that bought it,
his regular account was banned.
Oh, so that's why they bought it.
That makes sense.
But apparently it had been banned for some time.
Yeah, that totally makes sense to spend $10,000 on a character.
Never mind.
Well, okay, in somebody's mind though,
dude, what if they had a lot of friends on there or something?
Dude, if I had that much money,
well, you know, I would do actually constructive things with it.
Probably someone like Ashlee Simpson or something like that.
I'm totally hardcore, yo!
Look at all the stuff I earned!
All the stuff. I'm super awesome.
And of course, the chat, our chat room,
chat, thatorangehonestradio.com is asking about
four strength, four stamped leather belts.
You know what? Shut up.
I'm only going to tell you this once, chat. Shut up.
It's an inside joke. Forget it.
Yeah, but World of Warcraft doesn't have a goat helmet.
Like, like, Ragnarok does.
You know what else World of Warcraft
doesn't have that Ragnarok does have that's pretty awesome?
Awesome.
The bow that you can wear in your hair.
You know, the bow is great.
You can get a giant bow, Rob.
I used to have a SARS mask and a bow. It's awesome.
I gave you your bow.
Anyway.
It used to be my cell phone.
I will think about playing Ragnarok on your server,
but after I beat Eternal Sonata.
I could give you panties.
Please don't ever tell me that again.
No, in one of the dungeons,
it's like because the drop rate is so high,
you leave with like 500 pairs of panties.
Only on this program.
It's Ragnarok.
Women throwing their panties at me.
Anyway.
Next story, please.
Panty lover.
Don't wanna. I quit.
Do not want.
No.
New downloadable content for Guitar Hero 2
will have some pretty, pretty cool stuff.
Trivium's a detonation.
Atreyu a right side of the bed and protest the heroes bury the hatchet.
I just think it's rad there's a band called Atreyu.
We did.
That was the dude in Never Ending Story.
I know.
Their cover of You Give Love a Bad Name.
It's like the verse parts are awful,
because he's also just doing nothing but screaming,
but like the chorus parts are great.
So that's like the worst and best cover ever.
The cover does in fact give love a bad name, actually.
It gives everything a bad name.
Phil Do in our chat room says Atreyu sucks.
They suck.
But they have a rad name.
I mean they might totally suck, but they have a rad name.
You can't deny that.
Well it's even worse though if you have a crappy band with a cool name.
It's like why didn't you pick a crappy name?
Dammit, now like a cool band can't have your name.
Loser.
What was that quote in Wayne's World, one of my favorite movies of all time?
Who else is playing tonight?
The shitty Beatles.
The shitty Beatles?
Yeah, they suck.
Oh, that's not just a clever name.
Yeah, that was great.
I'm sure I butchered that quote, but I could almost quote that entire movie.
That's how much I love Wayne's World.
Anyway.
Back to games, please help save the show.
Anyways.
So, you know, if you're not into downloading songs off of Xbox Live, well maybe you just
want to buy the soundtrack to Guitar Hero 3 and put that in your system and unlock some
more songs that way.
Apparently actually there will be a code to download some songs off of Xbox Live to be
added into Guitar Hero 3.
Okay, three tracks that you want to unlock include, let's see here.
A track by AFI, Carcigen Crush looks like Tina by Flyleaf and a remix of Marilyn Manson's
Putting Holes in Happiness by Nick Zinner of the Ya Ya Yas.
So, how much you want to bet?
Just, you know, how much you want to bet that these songs are already in the game and you're
just having to buy the soundtrack?
Well, you're just unlocking them on the disc already.
And that pisses people off.
I notice that pisses a lot of Xbox people off when they download these things and they
find that they're just keys to unlock shit that was already on the disc.
But here's the thing, though, about this.
It wasn't really clear to me whether this is just for the 360 or what.
I mean, this is coming from Billboard.
They were saying that this is going to be a code or whatever, but they may misinterpret
it to actually being a physical code that you punch into the game.
Because obviously this game is coming out on almost all the platforms, so it wouldn't
be surprising if it's just a little key code that you put in.
Kind of like all that exclusive GameStop content you get.
It's just a code that ends up leaking out on the internet later on anyways.
Well this kind of news makes me angsty, but it's not time for that segment yet.
Well instead I have to do some news that makes me happy.
You know I love me some GameTap.
I've talked about the service here and I think it's a great service.
GameTap is getting a much beloved game here of the OLR staff.
I totally need GameTap now.
Typing of the Dead is coming to GameTap in October.
That's awesome!
October 11th they'll be getting a Typing of the Dead there on GameTap.
And I'm assuming that must be the Dreamcast one.
I have that on Dreamcast.
Because GameTap emulates Dreamcast software.
So I'm assuming that's what it is.
That's awesome.
I have that on Dreamcast.
It's so much fun.
Oh my god it's so much fun.
When I used to hang out with Iguana Girl.
We used to just go over and do nothing but play Typing of the Dead for hours.
I'm not even joking.
What was the version of it they had at Arcade Infinity for a while?
It was the Japanese one.
Yeah the Japanese one.
But you couldn't beat one of the bosses because it asks you trivia questions.
And you can't beat it.
Because it's in Japanese.
Yeah unless you can speak it.
But man playing the Japanese one was hard.
Because you wouldn't know the words.
Well I think that it had like an English Typing mode.
And then it had the Kana mode.
And I used to actually have the Kana memorized.
But it's been a long time.
Oh no I played the one that was normal.
Like Romaji letters.
You know you just play.
It's easy.
But then when you got to the boss that asked you trivia questions.
You couldn't beat him.
Unless you spoke Japanese.
Of which I don't.
And if you've ever listened to me cover Japanese release dates.
And you already know this.
Anyhow let's open up the old mailbag.
Every week you guys send us emails.
Mailbag at Orangelandsradio.com.
And we read them here live on air.
Dark Sakura will answer your questions.
Or she'll taunt you and make fun of your grammar and punctuation.
Mailbag at Orangelandsradio.com is the place to do it.
Dark Sakura open up the mailbag.
Dive on in.
What do we got?
The first one comes from Spamouflage.
That's a great name.
Guys you make my Monday morning at work fun.
Thanks for the podcast.
Why is Uncharted referred to as Tomb Raider with a guy and unoriginal.
Where as every single WW2 slash army type slash alien space type first person shooter.
Isn't criticized for lack of originality.
Lastly I've noticed a trend on your show.
1.
Loki makes an Xbox 360 announcement and follows it with a neutral or positive comment.
2.
Loki makes a PS3 announcement followed by a sarcastic or negative comment.
Don't believe me?
3.
Loki asks the ever so lovely Dark Sakura to ring a bell every time you say something negative
about the PS3 and see how many times you catch yourself.
Enough.
Why the hate?
Come on.
Thanks.
4.
P.S.
No idea how to spell Loki so make fun of me.
I deserve it.
It's L.O.K.I.
Not with two E's.
That looks very girly.
Loki!
That's like a MySpace name.
Seriously.
Put a T in there you have lockette.
Should we do that next week?
A bell?
Let's do it.
Let's keep a little tally thing.
A little tally?
Alright.
Next week we'll get Dark Sakura a bell and every time Loki makes a negative comment about
the PS3 we'll ring it.
Well maybe they should stop making it so damn easy.
Seriously.
I mean.
Come on.
I own both systems, okay?
Alright.
I can't help it if they keep disappointing me.
Okay.
Well the emailer raises a valid point.
Why does this Uncharted get passed off as Tomb Raider with a guy whereas lots of other
games are copies of each other?
Well I'm not saying that all the games that come out are original anyways.
I mean, shit.
There's how many World War II first person shooter games out there?
I mean, seriously.
And if I were to compare Halo 3 to Resistance I mean it looks and kind of plays very similar
so.
Ah, so you did?
Yeah, that's true.
You did make an Xbox 360 comparison earlier in the show.
I mean I'm not saying that all the 360 games that come out are original and that's definitely
not the case.
You know, but I don't know it's just unfortunately the problem with Uncharted and not that it's
going to be a bad game or anything but unfortunately their track record so far is all these games
seem to be pretty average and it looks just like a Tomb Raider game but with a male lead
and they're expecting this to be this big holiday seller.
I don't think it's going to happen.
I mean, maybe Unreal Tournament 3 but then again, no, that's another first person shooter
game.
I mean, nothing's original nowadays.
It's very hard to make an original game.
Well we'll withhold that final judgment until the game is actually released and you get
a chance to play it.
That's fine.
I'm not going to buy it but you know what?
If you want to buy it and if you like those kind of action adventure games then maybe
that's something for you.
Maybe that's the game that you've been looking for for the Playstation 3.
If you're waiting though for some of these other games that they keep promising us but
you know, I'm very disappointed that we don't have Final Fantasy 13 yet or even a demo of
it as they promised us before but all this stuff keeps getting pushed back.
I love the bell idea though.
It's because Sony and they can.
Comments from chat.
Chat.orangehonestradio.com.
Rob D. would like to say, no it's not.
It's very hard to get funding for an innovative game because it's a risk.
There's a difference.
So next email?
Yes, please.
That's the bell idea.
We'll do that.
Next email.
This comes from Ospher.
Dear Rob.
Yeah, I said Rob but everyone else can chime in with their opinion if they wish to do so.
You always talk about Final Fantasy 12 as such a great game.
Why?
What's so great about a game that has a boring political storyline?
To me a great compelling story like Final Fantasy 7 and 10 are what make the games great.
Also I don't like the battle system.
It's way too much like World of Warcraft.
I prefer the strategic system like in Final Fantasy 10.
Speaking of which, Final Fantasy 10 needs more praise.
For me it's the best game in the series and one of the few games I have ever pulled an
all-nighter on.
Why the story is freaking epic.
It's compelled me to keep playing.
I also love the battle system and don't really mind the random battles.
Final Fantasy 10 too wasn't that bad either.
People just need to quit complaining about Yuna singing which I think is really good.
A Thousand Words is an amazing song.
The only thing that made me sad is that Final Fantasy 10 too likes summons but oh well.
Thanks for reading Ospher.
I agree.
It's 12 is actually one of the Final Fantasy games I have not played.
I just have no, it doesn't, I don't know, it just doesn't.
You know I don't know how else to say it.
I enjoyed the story.
Sometimes you watch a movie that one person doesn't like but another person likes.
I would agree though that 10 is sometimes underrated by the community as a whole and
gets a lot of shit that it doesn't deserve.
I love 10.
10 had a great story.
But I don't think the battle system, I mean the battle system in 12 to me is what makes
it so great.
It's not the story that makes 12 great.
I think the battle system is what makes it great.
I hate the battle system.
Really?
It's not like WoW to me.
It's more like Final Fantasy 11 but with people that you can control.
What I've gone through with the story so far, I actually like political stories.
I love things that make you think.
You know and maybe, I don't know if that, I'm not trying to be rude or anything but
sometimes people don't like stories that require a lot of, I would have to say, logical thought
as opposed to emotional thought.
You know what I mean?
Well, a good game takes both.
A good battle schematic and a play schematic and story.
And here's the thing.
I'm going to use 8 as an example.
I can't fucking stand Final Fantasy 8 and it has nothing to do with the story because
I think the story is awesome and I kind of wish they would have made the story what they
ended up making the movie, Final Fantasy the movie.
But my problem with Final Fantasy 8 is that the battles and the whole junctioning magic
and all that shit ruined the game for me.
Single-handedly ruined the game and could not stand the battle system at 8.
Couldn't stand it.
So I didn't want to play through it.
See, 8.
I kind of liked the junctioning.
I mean, I really, really liked having to draw your spells.
Drawing magic.
It hits a nerve.
I liked it.
I couldn't stand it.
I liked that part of it.
But by the time I got to the third disc and was trying to put together my weapons and
shit, I was like, BORED NOW!
So I watched someone else beat it and didn't have to.
I had already gotten all the other cool cutscenes anyway.
That's why I said before I got to the end of the first disc, I'm like, ugh.
The second disc had some cool crap in it.
Had the Ultimatia battles and all that.
I don't really like when the monster is level with you either.
I don't know.
Yeah, no, that was kind of...
That kind of thing bugs me.
I don't know why.
I like being able to go to so and such area and knowing what to expect.
You know.
But then again, this next email, if we are ready.
It's from RobWithTwoBees.
Yes, ma'am.
Oh, I haven't heard from him in a while.
Hooray for RobWithTwoBees.
Well, he sent us a few stories, but...
And sometimes we try to work them into the show role, but, you know.
Oh, here we go.
I haven't said this in a while, but the latest Xbox Live Arcade title, is it Genom or Genom?
I guess it would be Genom if you were using proper pronunciation.
Oh, that's the one I mentioned in part A.
I think that was the name.
Had everything right except for fun.
It just isn't fun to me.
I'm hoping I missed something, but the whole collection of dots is arbitrary and making
them in... and then making it an arena game competitive dot eating.
Rob?
No, I kind of agree.
I mean, the game... let's just say I did not jump up and want to spend 10 bucks on this
game.
I mean, I just... I don't know.
You're right.
It's just... it's like all the parts are there, but the whole they'd add up to.
It's just...
It's like when you look at $10, you know, spending on that game and you're saying, hmm,
look, Res HD is coming out at some point and Ikaruga and all that stuff.
It's like...
Ikaruga?
Yeah, I don't know if I want to spend $10 on this one.
I can buy that for probably about $10 as well, so...
That's a damn fine point.
That's it.
Ikaruga.
Um, next email, shall I?
You shall.
Dear Our Lady of the Rosary, OLR, video game missionaries, howdy, I have two questions
for you fine people.
What?
I don't know.
Okay.
Someone be creative.
Huh.
What?
That is certainly creative.
I beat the ferret in your honor.
And the ferret liked it.
One, I once had a PS2, the original bigger kind, but it was getting a little spotty on
playing some games and I wanted a GameCube anyway, so a couple of years ago I traded
it in.
But now I miss the Silent Hill games.
Never finished two.
Why haven't you finished two?
It's the shortest one.
Anyway.
But I've been getting all nostalgic when you guys talk about them.
And I want to play Final Fantasy XII, so I'm going to buy one, buy a used one online with
some birthday money.
However, I'll be getting a slim PS2 and I remember reading something about the slims
getting too hot and frying the unit.
My question is, do I have to worry about this with used slash refurb PS2s or have all the
units in question been recalled or fixed at the time of refurbishment?
If I do have to worry about this, is there some way I can tell if the unit I get is one
of the models prone to overheating?
That I personally do not know because I actually have our first PS2 still and it works just
fine.
And on top of that, I have a first model Japanese PS2 that works just fine, which is an oddity.
You know what?
Here's the thing.
Any system is going to have some faulty ones, but you can take steps in making sure that
the system is not going to fry itself and that would be, you know, make sure...
Not buying it on eBay.
Don't put it in an oven.
Make sure it's in a well-ventilated place.
You know, don't put it in a box.
Take care of it when you move it around, you know.
A suggestion I do have that came back from the Dreamcast days is if you have carpet or
anything, put a flat surface down like, you know, a cutting board or something and then
set your system on top of that.
And that way it'll be elevated so that the vents, if the vents are underneath it, can
get some...
You're like the Martha Stewart of gaming.
Well, you know, the Dreamcast did have a problem with getting a little too hot.
Without the jail time.
And without the bad hair.
And without the fruits of the garden.
No, my Slim PS2 works just fine.
I've been using...
I did not buy an American PS2 until the Slims were out.
I only had a Japanese PlayStation 2 for the longest time.
And I finally bought a US one when the Slims came out.
So it works just fine for me still.
So for whatever it's worth, there you have it.
Shall I move forward?
You shall.
Yay.
Oh, the second question by this person.
One of my favorite games ever is Pokemon Snap and I've been hoping for years to make a sequel,
but to no avail.
Are there any other good photography themed games out there that you would recommend?
I know Metal Gear Solid 2 had a camera and some of the Zelda games had minigames, but
other than that, I don't know anything, especially with photography figures and largely.
Keep on rocking.
Ciao, Atreyu.
I highly recommend.
What's with Atreyu tonight?
That's just...
Atreyu.
Wow.
Say my name.
Bashur.
Hey, Bastion.
What?
I highly recommend Bioshock because you have to take pictures of dead bodies.
Dead Rising.
Dead Rising.
Dead Rising.
Dead Rising.
An awesome photography mode in there.
Good point.
Yes.
Eternal Sonata actually has...
Don't get the card capture soccer at a game on Dreamcast.
Eternal Sonata actually has a photograph.
One of the characters, their special move, they can take photos and you can control what's
taken a picture of and you can sell the photos at shops and the better the picture, the more
they sell for.
Here's the thing.
One of the things I should have said was one of my kind of complaints about the game.
It totally throws the game off balance.
Weapons and things and the part of the game I'm in are like 800 gold, 1,000 gold maybe.
You can sell one picture for 14,000 gold.
Gold is not a factor in this game if you just take 10 pictures and sell them all.
They don't even have to be that good at pictures.
That's one other little bitch I have about Eternal Sonata is that I think somebody threw
the photo system way out of whack in testing.
Next email?
I'm not certain but I believe this is something else from Rob about the man who died after
three days straight in the internet cafe in China.
The game he played was Online Bridge.
How unexciting but it shows that it's self neglect from obsession, not an MMO or other
game.
Good point.
Because most of us automatically think, oh, he was playing Warcraft.
No, he was playing Bridge.
These people who do online poker or something.
It's Final Fantasy XI.
It was Evercrack.
Evercrack takes another soul.
Nope, it was Online Bridge.
Hoyle is deadly.
So shall I keep going?
You shall.
Dear OLR, I recently joined a game rental service and decided to rent out Earth Defense
Force, although it was the PS2 version since I don't have a 360, to find out whether Loki's
claims were accurate or not and they are sort of.
The game is fun.
It's really fun destroying armies of ants, sorry, gigant horse, is supremely satisfying
and the way that you can mold the battlegrounds by destroying the infected city is genius.
The variation in weapon types gives the game an element of strategy and all loads extremely
quickly very useful on some difficulty levels.
I forgot I played more of Earth Defense Force this week as well.
Maybe you're just so used to it that it just blends in with the rest of your schedule.
Yeah.
The game's budget nature is very obvious from the horrible color scheme that makes some
levels look like big piles of sludge to the plot, which is basic to say the least.
It's common to find the alien invaders trapped in the scenery while the variations in enemy
types are small and uninteresting visually.
There are some that fly, some that shoot suspicious looking brown stuff from their bottoms, but
in the end, they're all ants.
Whether these problems are dealt with in the sequel, I don't know, but they don't detract
from the game too much.
Put simply, the game is a grown-up version of squashing armies of ants like I did when
I was a kid.
The squashing ants never seems to get old.
The Afro guy.
I still have yet to play Earth Defense Force.
I'm going to have to check it out.
I'm telling you, they need, and there's another story we can get to later, they need to bring
out the other PlayStation 2 games and convert them over to be able to be played on some
of these systems over here because seriously, all the games have been almost exactly the
same, just different locations and stuff, but I don't think they get old at all.
It's still a very scary thought to me that our reviews and suggestions on games actually
influence people.
It's kind of scary.
Well, speaking of someone wanting some influence, we got an email from the doctor.
All right.
Hooray.
I love the doctor.
So I'm going to read it.
Hello, I've been somewhat busy.
Do you guys remember Shadow of Destiny for the PS2?
I can't find it in any GameStop or EB games and I really want to play it again.
If you guys remember it, could you possibly give me your thoughts on the game?
I didn't play it.
And to DarkSakura, I got me a Sonic Screwdriver pen and I love it.
I use it at work to write with him and pretend I'm the doctor.
I have a Sonic Screwdriver too.
One of our listeners sent it to me and I love our listener now forever.
I saw the Dalek the other night too.
Yes, I have the remote control Dalek that goes for like $100 on eBay and I got it for
$40.
Nice.
Oh, we got another email at the end and it's from Warrior Bob.
Wait, hold on.
Shadow of Destiny?
I didn't play it either.
That's kind of weird.
There's like this one game we totally like all missed.
I was trying to look up screenshots but our net's running slow because of the webcam,
so oh well.
Well, I'm going to read.
Since Warrior Bob got this email in right before, I'm going to read it too because Warrior
Bob is like my hero.
Shall I?
Sure.
Dear OLR, I got to play Rockman this week during the demo at Sac State.
By now I'm sure you've heard plenty about the game and I won't bug you further but I
discovered some things that I thought might be of interest to you, more veteran music
game fans.
This is a long email so feel free to edit as you choose if you read it out loud.
First the game implements what used to be called guessing penalty.
Any extra inputs you make beyond what is required of you are counted against you and reset your
combo.
Good.
Fans of drum mania or keyboard mania will notice this first as those two games let you
hit as many extra notes as you wanted to without penalizing you and therefore let you improvise
a bit.
It's a command you can't improvise until you're told to, except sometimes on vocals.
Second, the drum pedal on the pre-release units works just like in arcade drum mania.
It's big, has a long throw and relatively little resistance and it triggers somewhere
near the end of its throw but not all the way at the end.
No quick bass rolls with your toes here.
Third, the drum pedals connect to the main unit by a 1-8 inch mono foam plugs, basically
the mono headphone jack.
These work electrically like I think they do, you should be able to wire two of them
in parallel using a mono headphone splitter and make a double bass so that you can be
the god of thunder.
I asked a harmonics dev about this and he said he will try it at the office and get
back to me.
Fourth, biorite sucks.
Yes, they do.
Fifth, there is a crazy advanced slide compensation tool built in-
Wait, he just threw that in the middle there?
Yes, it's true.
This is why you love Warrior Bob.
It's damn true.
Didn't they go out of business?
I think so.
Then stop hatin'.
Stop hatin'.
I still hate them, Rob.
Fifth, there is a crazy advanced slide compensation tool built in case your TV internally de-syncs
audio and video.
I love harmonics.
Lastly, the new guitar buttons and switches feel very solid and responsive.
This drum bar is a bit longer now and does not use clicky micro switches but still seems
to be pretty accurate.
I have experimentally verified that it works well played behind your head and between your
legs.
Looking forward to your next show tonight, Warrior Bob.
Yes, see, mine must have been busted from constant use or something.
Someone must have broke it.
Who knows what kind of, I don't know, drunk middle-aged people were playing it at the
event that I went to, but it's fun.
Sounds like fun.
Is that it for email?
That be all, sir.
Goodbye, email bag.
R.
Send us more.
Mailbag, orange.onstrator.com.
You know what we have missed, though?
What?
Talk Like a Pirate Day?
Talk Like a Pirate Day.
I was just thinking because you said R. I was like, did you celebrate?
I did by making a one-line comment in my live journal.
It was Talk Like a Pirate Day.
I was off that day, so I made a pirate and slept in my cabin.
I was doing other pirate related things.
I was pirating comic books.
I sent an email to all my coworkers with something from I Can Ask Cheeseburger that I said you
better have a good and productive work day today or else I'm going to send you to the
captain because it was Talk Like a Pirate Day and it was a little kitty that had a little
hook and a pirate hat on it.
I know that picture.
It said something like...
I can have booty.
No, it said something like, why you laughing?
Walk plank.
Or I said walk plank or something like that.
It was really funny, so I sent that to my coworkers.
That's how I celebrated.
Yeah, I'm lame.
Shut up.
Let's see.
I was going to chat.
Oh, yeah.
Chat's commenting on things that they're watching on the operator 11 feed and Phildo wants to
know why doesn't Loki get a comfy chair because Loki gets one of the kitchen chairs to sit
in here.
They can't...
It's a far sight more comfy than the one that was there.
Yeah, the unfortunate one that was here is this crappy computer desk chair that was actually
slanted forward and had even less padding than this piece of wood.
Now I know I'm not supposed to show Jamie on the cam and I won't, but I can show that
she gets a fancy little blue chair to sit on.
So you can see I'm showing her feet on the footstool.
You can see this fancy little chair that she gets to sit in and that's why Loki has to
take the crappy chair because the woman took the nice chair, I guess, is how it goes.
So there you have it.
Anyhow, moving on to another story because I don't want this to turn into too much TV
or else folks are going to go crazy.
Loki, what's up next?
Anywho, so of course pretty soon we're going to be getting a Project Gotham Racing 4 demo
and it's going to have content, I guess, that's exclusive to the demo itself.
In fact, I guess there's supposed to be some electric versus gas engine race that they're
going to be doing.
There's also going to be arcade mode, which is going to be exclusive to it, set in Makau,
I guess, Makau, and it's going to feature exclusive challenges.
So I guess that's kind of neat that it's going to have that.
They're also going to feature a time trial for, it looks like a Nurburgring Snow and
it's, yeah, it says it's due out, well the game I know is due out in what, two weeks?
So the demo's got to be coming out here pretty soon I'd imagine.
It's kind of weird that the demo would have something special.
It would be kind of cool if whatever content was in the demo you could get in the game
because you downloaded the demo.
Like some type of unlock.
I don't know.
Well it's just like what they did with, what was it, Ninja Gaiden Sigma, where you earn
money in the game and then you can transfer it over to your save on the full retail version.
Interesting.
Well, one thing on the Xbox 360 that some folks were doing on Talk Like a Pirate Day
was doing some piracy of their own and it was leaking Halo 3 onto the internet.
Yes, that's right, Halo 3 made its way to some where's sites, 6.14 gigabytes is how
big the game clocks in as.
And of course, you know, kind of sucks that people are doing this and taking away from
the folks that have spent so much hard time and effort developing the game.
But at the same time, kind of impressive that they did it that fast.
But yeah, that's just a gift for releasing the game.
Well also, you know it's only going to be a matter of time before Microsoft figures
out how it's done and puts a little ban on it.
Or did they finally figure out some way that Microsoft can't patch its way out of?
Because I thought Microsoft liked to put down the ban hammer on this stuff and patch it.
There's ways, I guess, because I don't pirate 360 games, so there's ways I've read that
you can patch the game where it's undetectable.
I think all of it's done, I mean it's going to be hard for them to do that because they
have some sort of encryption on there, so if that's cracked, then the only other thing
is there's a media detector or something like that that detects whether you're playing
a CD-R, a DVD-R, a press CD, DVD, etc.
And if you can change that, if you can get that to go over so that makes a DVD-R look
like a press DVD, then really the system's going to have no way of telling whether that's
a burned disc or an actual copy of Halo 3.
At one point, it is going to be impossible to stop it unless they change up something
else or that you can't crack them.
Remember, for the longest time, PlayStation 2 games, with that bad blocks that they put
on there so that you can't burn them, that stopped people for a while, but eventually
they figured out how to get around that, so it's only a matter of time before that happens,
if it hasn't already.
Yeah, but, I mean, when they try to take these things online, won't it kind of screw it
up?
No, I mean, the game, if they don't, if the system can't tell that it's not an official
game, then no, there won't be any problems.
It's if you run a special firmware or something that disables that checking, that's when
you're going to run into problems, but if the system itself cannot tell that, you know,
it's a burned copy and you haven't modified it in any way, then, yeah, you will be able
to get away with it.
Hmm.
Interesting.
All right, well, I imagine, though, it's just a small percentage, a very, very, very small
percentage of people that are able to get away with this, and the game will still sell
like hotcakes the day it was released.
Yeah, they're going to make tons of money.
That's not a problem.
And besides, the people that are pirating it probably had no intention to buy it in
the first place.
And, Loki, you did not get banned for playing Halo 3 early, right?
No, I did not.
The only thing, here's the only thing that they did do is the matchmaking servers aren't
up, so you can't play online.
Oh, noes.
Right now.
Until they start them.
Well, something that you can play online on Xbox Live is Viva Pinata Party, the demo is
up.
No, Viva Pinata Party Animals is up, I'm sorry.
It's 971.17 megabytes.
It's basically a big minigame compilation, and it's, of course, by Rare.
So the official game is going to be out by Christmas with over 40 minigames, and you
can burp boats down a stream and smash up gardens.
Wow.
Burping boats is just so much fun, you know.
It's a, I think it's a racing game mixed with minigames.
Escapist in our chatroom asks, will someone be proposing on that one as well?
You know, funny story.
Sometimes I forget that there's actually quite a few people who listen to this program, not
to sound like you could do this or whatever, but when we first started the program, we
were lucky to get like 15 people listening to our show.
And since we've been doing the podcast, the numbers have climbed a little bit.
And you remember last week we did that story about the guy who got engaged on Viva Pinata.
Well, guess what?
He sent us a message on MySpace.
Did he?
Yes, he did.
He said, he actually wants to come on the show to, what did he say, correct some of
the things that the bloggers who, you know, live with their parents and stay at home all
day got wrong.
And I'm like, great.
I totally want to hear it from the horse's mouth.
So I'm hoping we have him on next week or soon.
I wanted to get him on this week, but he really wanted to do an interview on iChat, and unfortunately
the way we're wired where we have the Mac laptop does our Operate 11 stuff and the PC
does most of the audio here, it just wouldn't work for me to do iChat.
But I'm hoping we can call him this week and get him on the show next week.
So if you're listening, Mr. Pinata, let's make that interview happen this week so you
can clear the air.
I still think it's kind of retarded, but we'll go a little bit there.
It's like there's people who propose, though, on the big screens, though, but that I sort
of feel like you're pressuring someone into saying yes.
Well it's just...
It's in a public place like that?
But I don't think it was.
It was in their home.
Well, if it's in their home, that's one thing.
Well, we'll find out soon.
We're going to ask all the questions.
Part of me kind of goes, is this really big to be on all these different blogs?
I mean, this is kind of a private matter in a way, but I don't know.
We'll see.
We'll see.
We'll get our questions answered.
I'm excited.
Back to the gaming news, then.
Yes.
Anyways, one thing I'm excited about, as I hinted before, the Simple series is possibly
coming to Xbox Live Arcade.
According to some digging done during Tokyo Game Show, the Simple 2000 series, which of
course brought us wonderful games, much like Earth Defense Force, they're talking about
releasing some of them on, of course, the online service, and possibly also the Playstation
network as well.
And according to Kotaku's article here, it says they're asking about the possibility
of the series turning up as downloadable titles, and they said that they had two cheap, easy
games coming out on Xbox Live Arcade soon, so maybe we'll see some more stuff from that
series come over.
I hope they port some of that stuff, because there's some weird shit over there, like Zombies
versus Abulances, and more shit like that.
Awesome.
Gotta love it.
Well, you gotta love this, too.
I know Loki loves this.
Lesbians!
I do love me some lesbians.
Oh, lesbians.
Then you'll definitely want to pick up Mass Effect.
I was already going to pick it up.
It's like the icing on the cake.
Well, apparently, Mass Effect has been causing some waves in the gaming blogs and the gaming
news sites this week, because apparently, if you play as a female character, there is
a sex scene that you can initiate in the game, and you can initiate this scene between her
and a male human or a female humanoid alien.
So you get some female on female action.
But here's the thing, though.
You can also play as a male character, however, a male character can only initiate sex between
him and a human woman or the humanoid female alien.
So no man sex, but Lesbo's okay.
But surprise, butt sex is great.
Well, here's another thing, okay?
Just a thought.
Maybe the storyline, it's between these two women anyways.
It's either pick one or the other, something like that.
Maybe because your character, they didn't make a branching type of storyline or something
for this one part.
I see.
So you're saying this lesbian sex is for artistic and story purposes?
It's like the character in the game or something.
For example, wasn't there something in Knights of the Old Republic or Jade Empire or something
like that where they had something similar?
I think it was Knights of the Old Republic II or maybe the first one, where if you played
as a female character, then yeah, it would be a lesbian.
Almost like your partner or something had some love interest with you, and so it's sort
of lesbian since you're playing as a female character.
But really what it was is that they didn't program any different responses between a
male and female character.
Well, even though I still really want this game, the lack of man sex makes this gay man
a little bit angsty.
So you know what that means.
It's time to bring on the FUs of the week!
Dr. Sakura, why don't you start us off?
I know lack of gay sex makes you mad.
Well, yeah, but FU to male drivers, especially stupid old men, and men who drive big trucks
and SUVs.
Every last bad driver I've encountered on the road has been male.
First of all, when I was picking up Dan from the airport yesterday, there was a guy driving
in Altima, and he was drifting into my lane, and I didn't know if he was just changing
lanes without signaling or if he was just old and stupid.
He seemed to me in about middle age, but he almost bumped me off the road until I banged
on the horn, and his wife shook him awake.
He couldn't have been more than 50, so he wasn't that old.
But I was like, you stupid man!
And then this guy driving a truck, cutting off everybody in front of him, just being
an asshole driver, which I consider being an asshole driver is pretty much equivalent
with being a bad driver, because you're supposed to maintain your cool and calm on the road.
And if you do get angry, you're not supposed to let it affect how you drive.
This guy was cutting off everybody left and right, he made one car swerve, and I did thankfully
get to see him get pulled over.
I saw an asshole driver get pulled over this week, and it was very satisfying.
And then, you know, I saw so many people just changing lanes without signaling, and almost
causing accidents, and you know, every last one of them happened to be male.
So I would like to point out there that bad drivers are bad drivers regardless of gender,
shut the fuck up.
Next, please.
Anyways, I didn't really have anything to make an FU for, but now I do!
So um, yes, once again, women drivers, horrible, in fact, I bet that guy falling asleep is
probably falling asleep from nagging from his wife, so you know, I blame her for that.
But yeah, there are a lot of bad drivers, especially SUV drivers, cell phone drivers,
and cell phone drivers are even worse than stupid men.
And a combination of those as well, so, lucky the bad drivers, no matter which sex, may
or may not.
Mainly women drivers.
Hey, cell phone drivers are the worst.
Sorry, Rob.
Uh, well that's alright, I don't, I have my Bluetooth now, so it doesn't matter.
Yes.
Although I never got in an accident while talking into phone and driving, it's an urban
legend.
Um, it's made up, just like how man actually went to the moon, it's all made up, those
cell phones.
Uh, what was I gonna say, I don't really have a whole lot of FUs, so I'll just say, um,
I don't know, the FU to lack of angst this week, I'm actually in a pretty good mood,
FU to the million and one projects I have at work.
I have so many projects at work, I'm all project out.
Projects are work of the devil, and I have too many of them.
That's it.
A rather tame FU this week.
So there you have it, another successful FUs of the Week segment.
I have one last thing I was just gonna add in there real quick.
Oh lordy.
FU to the Halo 3 launch because I fucking hate having to deal with customers asking
about when they're gonna get Halo 3.
Absolutely hate it.
You'll get it when it's good and ready.
Exactly.
That's how you should respond to them too.
Alright, back to some gaming news.
Well, um, anyone who is interested in watching movies and things on Xbox Live will be happy,
as an anime fan at least, will be happy to know that S.T.A.R.S. is bringing different
shows.
We are getting Ghost in the Shell, Stand Alone Complex, Both Seasons, Street Fighter 2V,
Noian, Toko, Virus, and Astro Boy.
There's actually a bunch more.
Some of the other ones that were listed is, well, at least they have particular access
to was like Blood the Last Vampire, A Different Loop in the Third, Appleseed, Blood the Last
Vampire, Ninja Scroll, Perfect Blue, I love Perfect Blue.
Just different series.
I haven't seen a single one of those series you mentioned.
Perfect Blue was like, oh my god, Head Trip.
I've seen it twice in the theater.
Perfect Blue was weird.
Perfect Blue was awesome.
Anyway, some people are not so happy about NHL 2K8 charging you $5 to unlock a feature
that's already on the game.
This feature, of course, is actually the 2K real maker add-on, and it will allow you to
do a variety of video recording and playback options for the game, but the download was
a puny 108K, which means that you're just paying for an unlock key for something that's
already on the disc.
That being said, at the same time, you don't have to buy it, and it was 400 Microsoft points
or $5 in real money.
That is kind of shitty.
It is shitty, but here's the thing.
Don't buy it.
If people don't buy it, they will stop doing stuff like that.
But people keep buying this shit.
You know what's funny?
Eternal Sonata has something like that, too.
Eternal Sonata has a theme that you can just unlock.
I think it's you get all the piano score pieces in the game, which you would unlock naturally
just by playing it anyway, if you have the patience to play it the whole way through.
But I'm thinking, in sports games is one thing, but a game like Eternal Sonata, if you don't
have the patience to play it the whole way through, what the fuck did you buy it for?
I mean, really.
Sports games, you play over and over and over again in little bursts, but a game like Eternal
Sonata is really meant to be played start to finish.
So what good does this...
I don't know, it doesn't make sense.
They're just hoping for people to buy these things at a push of a button.
What does make a little more sense is buying things that were not included with the original
game, such as new outfits.
This is pretty interesting, is that Bomberman Live is going to be getting a new download
pack.
Actually, I believe it's already up, this new download pack they have.
One of the characters that's in the download pack is based off of the mascot from Destructoid.com,
which of course is another gaming blog.
We had some of those guys on our year-end show a while ago, we'll have to have them
back sometime.
But yeah, they've crossed over from gaming press blog site into video game character
with their little mascot, that green little robot face thing that they...
Actually, I thought it was silver in some of the pictures I've seen, but whatever.
Color be damned, the little mascot has certainly made a name for itself now by crossing over
into a OMG legitimate video game.
So where's the giant Loki head for future expansions or something like that?
People would argue there would have to be a Tingle head, because they're fascinated
with the character Tingle.
Oh, then that wouldn't work.
I do not understand this, but whatever.
Then that wouldn't work, because you're crossing over, you know, Nintendo, and then that's
like mixing...
Then they would say, oh, he should be in Super Smash Brothers Brawl, you know, as Tingle,
dressed up as Tingle.
Yeah, there you go.
That's like mixing...
That's an awesome idea.
Why don't we make that happen?
No, just kidding.
No, it's not an awesome idea.
That's like mixing the matter with antimatter.
I don't know.
Escapist in our chat room asks, if Destructoid can do it, why not Bomberman based on the
OLR staff?
Well, that's a very nice thought.
I'm sure, A, Destructoid gets like a million more hits in a month than we do.
You know, we're just a tiny little show in somebody's spare bedroom, whereas Destructoid
is like, you know, they've come a long way.
They've only been around, what, like a year and a half?
They've come a long way.
B, I seem to recall that a couple weeks ago, I don't know if it was their E3 coverage or
they had some coverage of some expo that was sponsored by Bomberman and they had like ads
all over their site.
So they had some type of relationship going on with the folks that made Bomberman.
So, you know, that's kind of cool though and I'm not going to...
I think it's awesome what happened.
And I love the fact that the Microsoft community as a whole is really seeming to embrace the
community more and more.
You know, some of our other buddy podcasts, such as the Gamerscore blog and Gamertag Radio,
what are all those guys called together?
Gamercast.
They all have their own pictures up on the marketplace.
That's pretty rad.
Hopefully we'll see more of those very soon.
Yes.
Anyhow, back to the gaming news.
Well, something that should interest a few people, especially that are mobile phone gamers,
coming out will be Rockman Dash, which is one of the Mega Man Legends series.
It's a new Rockman Dash game and those fuckers didn't put it on a damn console that I can
play.
I hate the...
Cell phones do not need more games.
I hate the Mega Man Legends games.
There's also Resident Evil 4 mobile edition, Devil May Cry Dante vs. Virgil, Sengoku Basara,
Tactical RPG, and Breath of Fire 4.
I wouldn't mind having Breath of Fire 4 on my phone, but anyway, that's all Japanese
only right now.
Yeah, but it's mobile phones, so who cares?
I care.
I play Lumines on my phone.
Really?
Yes.
Really?
Why?
Because, first of all, I can sneak around outside at work and play it, and it's actually
not too bad.
Actually, I enjoyed Lumines on mobile phones, too.
I have to be honest.
I'm going to load it up right now.
I'll play it during a show.
Well, you have fun with that, Miss Thing.
I will.
Anyways, so, maybe you're looking to find that special someone to eventually proclaim
your love over Viva Pinata 2.
Well, fear not.
We're here to help you, and thanks to the Sexy Video Game Land blog, they have compiled
a list of what they think are...
What a great blog name, by the way, might I add.
The best video game pickup lines, and here are some to run by you guys, including, What
do you say I take my flag to your base and score?
So you ever been in a five-man raid?
Hey, baby, I need a new hoe, and it ain't for gardening.
How does that have anything to do with video games?
It's Harvest Moon.
Oh, God.
That's so stupid.
Let me call you Silent Hill, because things will really get freaky when I'm inside you.
I know how Mario must feel, because I really want to clean your pipes.
Call me Ash, because I choose you.
There's a warp zone in my pants.
I made that one up.
Oh, let's see.
You're just like an RPG.
I can't wait to take you home, unwrap you, put it in, and then grind away until sun rises.
Girl, you got me like WarioWare, I'm touched.
That's stupid.
You can't be Phoenix Wright, because I have no objection to you, baby.
Okay.
Those are awful.
If you're a devil, you may cry by the time I'm finished with you.
You remind me of a game of Tetris.
You always want the long ones.
What?
That doesn't even make sense.
That's stupid.
Hey, baby, can I hide my solid snake in your box?
That makes me want to throw up a little.
I think I did just throw up in my mouth.
Now, see, our chat room's joining in now.
Did you throw up in your stomach, Rob?
Huh?
Did you throw up in your stomach?
Shut up.
DJ Dark Knight says, back me wool, baby.
That's an old OLR joke.
Rama says, hey, baby, how about I dance dance to your revolution and you beat my mania?
Okay.
GS68 says, you must play 2DX because you've got me on hard mode.
I don't like that one, that one's funny.
Warrior Bob says, you remind me of Tetris.
I just want to make you disappear.
I mean, wait, have sex with me.
I like that one.
My favorite pickup line was always, hi, I like peanut butter, want to fuck?
Or how about this one, babe, you're hotter than my first edition 360s power supply.
That's lame.
Stupid.
Wow.
Lame.
Baby, you could screw attack me all night long.
Anyhow, Jiranami says, you must play Tetris because you're stacked.
That one's actually kind of good.
Not bad.
Jiranami has a funny joke once in a while.
All right, moving on, please.
Add it to the toilet paper.
For the love of God, a new story, please.
From video game pickup lines from, what was that, Sexy Game Blog?
What was it called?
Sexy Game Land Blog.
Sexy Game Land Blog, nice.
Moving on to something completely different, political stuffs, and that would be Mitt Romney
specifically.
You might know him.
He's a Mormon guy, right, running for president on a Republican ticket?
I don't keep up with too many Republicans.
Very staunch conservative fellow.
Well, he has once called video games, quote, a cesspool of violence, sex, drugs, indolence,
and perversions.
So imagine the irony and hilarity when you notice the Mitt Romney ad campaign ad start
showing up on gametrailers.com.
That's right, a joystick snapped a picture of gametrailers.com site with, and it's not
a Photoshop thing.
It's the real deal.
It's the game trailer's little logo there and the Mitt Romney ad right on top of the
site.
Hilarity that their campaign would be advertising on the site.
Now let's see, I'm going to go for the obvious here and say that probably there are people
or whatever bought into a package deal or some type of advertising company that distributes
through all these different websites and game trailers just happens to be one of many.
Because doesn't MTV own game trailers, I want to say, or there's some type of partnership
there?
I could be wrong.
I don't remember.
But yeah, there's probably some much bigger thing and just showed up on that site.
That's kind of funny.
That's karma for you.
This is why we don't do banner ads on orangeontrader.com.
This is also why we're poor, I'd just like to point out.
But irony for the win in this case.
So there you have it.
Well, here is a little bit more for anyone who wants.
Yakuza 2 is coming out in the US.
Dinosaur King and Mystery Dungeon is also coming out thanks to Sega.
So they are supposed to be coming out in 2008 and I think that's going to be very cool because
I honestly want, I actually was looking into a little bit on Mystery Dungeon.
It's Sheeran the Wanderer.
Dinosaur King is a game where you collect 100 dinosaurs with different moves and you
make them fight.
And wow, I just won Yakuza 2 so I can go around beating people up.
You just like violence.
I do like violence.
I like beating up people wearing nice suits.
Alright, those games coming to you very soon from Sega.
Also coming to you very soon, the Skype line.
You can give us a call at 1-877-GAME-OLR or our username on Skype is orangeloungeradio.
We love to be interactive.
But one more story for you real quick.
Yeah, I like being interactive alright.
Anyways, enough with the pick up line, seriously.
Although I have to say this, SSJ100Matt sent me a message and says that there should be
a voicemail challenge for people to leave pick up lines on the Skype line voicemail.
Do you want some hot coffee?
Yeah, so please, I love that idea.
So please call, if you give our number a call either on Skype or the phone number when we're
not live, 1-877-GAME-OLR.
Leave us a message with your sexy video game pick up line and we'll play some of our favorites
on next week's show but I bet you we don't get any.
Anyways, in case you had hopes and dreams that that wonderful Halo 3 Legendary Edition
game box was actually going to become a brand new helmet for your cat, unfortunately that
will not be the case because the helmet itself, as IGN found out, is not hollowed and will
not fit on your cat.
That sucks.
I can't put the helmet on my cat and watch my cat run into walls.
But I mean, with some simple modding you probably could do that.
Oh wait, I don't own a cat.
I own a cat.
There's no way a cat would put their head in that anyways.
Could we put the helmet on the ferret?
Yeah, that would look weird though.
That we might be able to pull off.
I bet Shermie's little head would fit in it.
She's got a small brain.
Are you kidding?
Shermie's the fattest cat I've ever seen.
But her brain is very small.
Cats aren't dumb enough to put their head in there.
Alright, our Skype line is open if you want to call.
Give us a call, 1-877-GAME-OLR or our username on Skype is orangeloungeradio.
And while we wait for some calls, last minute stories.
Yes, this is very interesting, well not for me, but for maybe Rob, apparently if you were
looking for some man sex type game or whatever, there's Duel Love which is going to be coming
to the DS and it includes a part of the game where you scrub down a naked man.
Oh god, I saw a preview for that on some website.
It looks stupid.
Somebody sent me a link to it.
It looks stupid.
Anyway, we're getting some phone calls.
Hi, you're on Orange Lounge Radio.
Who's this?
Oh, this is Warrior Bob.
How's it going?
I'm Warrior Bob.
It's good.
How about you?
Not too bad.
Long time, no chat.
Yeah, serious.
So we read your email about the rock band.
Good times.
Yeah, thank you.
Loki went down and played it, but I missed out.
I totally forgot.
Oh, when was he there?
Today.
Oh, that's why I didn't see you.
Were you there like all day or something?
I was there most of the day, Thursday and Friday because I had a group of friends going
and I figured, eh, why not?
But you went to the Sac State one, right?
That's right.
Loki went to the Ribs and what was it, Ribfest?
The Rhythm and Ribs Fest.
Rhythm and Ribs.
I should have gone to that.
I love Ribs.
That's awesome.
I went to the one on Friday where I had the work and unfortunately I only went until six.
Unfortunately a rib festival doesn't work very well for someone who's trying to be more
vegetarian but what have you.
Anyway.
I'm unemployed so Friday was a great day.
Ah, gotcha.
What would you call in about tonight?
What's on your mind?
Well, so, I figured it's the first time I've gotten to listen to your show live in a few
years so I'd figure I'll take some of your advice.
I've been playing the Guardian Legend while I'm listening.
Yay!
Awesome.
What do you think?
It's fun and I can't put my finger on it but what in God's name am I supposed to be doing?
Wandering around, you fight things and collect the power-ups and then you go into the different
levels and the levels are numbered by like one, twenty-one, two, you know, they back
and forth.
I think it's one, eleven.
Yeah, one, eleven and your last two levels are ten and twenty and they are fucking hard.
Here's the thing is that you walk around the Zelda-ish world looking for where the corridors
are and the first few corridors are easy to open up but what happens is that later on
the corridors get harder to open up.
You have to figure out the tricks to open them up and you can either cheat and go to
Game Facts or you can look around for those little blue happy face guys, what do they
call them?
The Lunars?
What do they call them?
Oh, they're like the Lolo guys.
Yeah, they look like Lolo and they give you tips on how to open up the corridors.
When you beat the corridors like one through ten, they give you a key like you'll get a
little moon key or you'll get a little square key or a diamond key and that will allow you
to progress to another section of the Zelda world where there are more corridors waiting
for you.
Well, that makes way more sense.
I thought I was supposed to go to like level moon or level plus sign or something.
No, no, you find those moons and plus signs in the corridors when you beat them.
Yeah, they're different keys.
And then the corridors eleven through twenty just give you weapon upgrades and stuff, right?
I think so.
Yeah.
I don't think you get too much other stuff special.
Well, you still have to beat every level to progress through it, but the weapons that
you get, the one weapon that's going to be your best friend, especially in the last level,
is the multidirectional ball because you can shoot it up, down, left, right, and diagonals
and the way you beat the last boss is so freaking easy, but everything else is really hard.
Drunami says...
This is way better than GameFAQs.
Thank you.
But TGL mode, you want to try TGL mode at least once.
You go into your password and just put in an all caps TGL.
Okay.
I'll give that a try.
It's just all the shooting stages back to back.
And it gives you your power-ups, however, there are ways to get around and get earlier
power-ups and other things playing in RPG mode, but TGL mode is definitely for the win.
Crazy talk.
Drunami says they're called Blue Landers just for the record.
I like Lolo better.
Lolo was pretty awesome.
Where it ever happened to Lolo, there was like three of those games on the NES and then
Lolo disappeared.
He showed up on Virtual Console.
Oh, that's right.
He came out.
You know, Lolo should be in Smash Brothers because didn't HAL make a... and HAL is like
a second party, right?
They're owned by Nintendo, kind of.
They only make games for Nintendo.
And they made Lolo and they're the ones that make Smash Brothers, right?
They are.
So where the hell is Lolo in these games?
He probably died because everything kills you in that game.
There was a button that killed you in that game.
Escapist said Lolo moonlighted in the first Kirby game then disappeared.
That's true.
He probably hit the select button or whatever the seppuku button was in Lolo.
Those were some tough games.
That's right.
There was Lolo Lolo and La La La.
Remember his girlfriend, La La La?
She was the girl because she had a bow in her hair and she was pink.
The quintessential girl.
Well, there's the connection.
Kirby had King Dedede.
It's like you take a syllable and just repeat it a bunch of times.
We need a new... yes, we need a new enemy in this next HAL game.
How about King Nanana or King Boo Boo Boo?
They let their babies name them, actually, is what they do.
Learn your first Japanese character and just write it a bunch of times.
That's right.
All right, WarriorBob, anything else you want to share with our listeners tonight?
No, I've got an NES plugged in now, so what should I play?
I've got a legend fund, but I'm looking for more ammo.
More NES games to play.
Well, I said Cobra Triangle earlier in the show and I still stand by that one.
Here's one of my favorite NES games that nobody ever talks about, Snake, Rattle, and Roll.
I've got that.
I'll put that in.
That game is rad.
You've got to play that game.
DuckTales.
Yeah, DuckTales is awesome.
Chat rooms can be used to suggest it's true.
All right, thank you guys so much.
Yeah, no problem.
Have a good one.
See you next time.
See you.
I hope WarriorBob comes back to visit sometime.
It was fun having him on the show.
And lots of folks in the chat room are chiming in.
Tech Mobile, Ninja Gaiden, Clu Clu Land, Arkon.
That's a good suggestion.
Arkon.
Clu Clu Land.
Oh my God, I played so much of that stupid game.
I did an Animal Crossing.
We have another call.
Hi, you're on Orange Launch Radio.
Who's this?
No, this is Mr. DeBucket.
Hello, Mr. DeBucket.
What's on your mind?
He's going to yell at me for kicking him over the Dreamcast.
No, I'm not going to yell at you for that.
That's understandable.
I know how Dreamcast fans are really defensive.
This is true.
What's on your mind then?
Oh, Metal Gear Solid 4, Metal Gear Solid Online.
I wanted to know what you guys thought of them making the game separate from the multiplayer.
You know, I don't, here's the thing, I have to be honest.
I don't follow the Metal Gear series too much, but I'm, I'm kind of welcoming the idea of
an online version.
I think that might be a lot of fun.
Kind of like a, not so much like a first person shooter, but kind of like a different type
of direction for that.
But I don't know.
Like, I'm not so excited about Metal Gear Solid 4 because I didn't play the first three
so much.
Like, I haven't really played a Metal Gear game since Snake's Revenge on the NES, I have
to be honest.
You played that?
Yeah, I did.
I rented it one weekend.
I played quite a bit of it.
How did you finish it?
Huh?
How did you finish it?
As far as I got was I found like a dude tied up by some, you know, in the middle of the
jungle.
I untied him.
He runs off.
I leave and then it's just all darkness and fireworks going off.
I seriously don't remember.
When I rented it, I was like 11.
Yeah, every time we went to a new screen, it was all dark, then fireworks went off and
everything was lit up for some reason and helicopters couldn't see you even though you're
standing right next to them.
Well, how do you feel about it because you must have called this because you had an opinion
on it.
Oh yeah, I think it's an interesting idea.
I mean, if you don't like Metal Gear that much, if you really can't get into the single
player, the multiplayer aspect, since it's the second game, I'm pretty sure you will
be able to buy it separate.
You could like that better.
Also, they change the controls to make them more like Western games or things that a lot
of online gamers would get into.
Now use R1, the shooting stuff, kind of like most games do, using the right trigger, the
fire, and use L to aim.
The Sons of Patriot system, which is a new thing you can do because no multiplayer game,
you can always see your buddies and tell if they died or something like that.
You know, say like this person's name got shot, but you can actually see everything
that they're doing.
Every time you begin a match, you all link up and you can see everybody's stats and
what weapon they have and what they're exactly doing so you can go help them out or something.
It's a really cool system and it's a completely different game.
They're selling it different, but if you do buy Metal Gear Solid 4, you will get like
a starter pack or something.
Yeah, I heard about that.
Yeah, apparently they're going to be making more downloadable content over the next years
if people still play it.
That's cool.
You know, and I think what you said is kind of right where I feel, is that I'm not so
excited about Metal Gear Solid 4, but I hear about this online one and I'm like, oh really?
That looks like it could be fun.
You know, I don't really follow the story, but you know, just throwing me in the arena
and shoot them up so it looks like a lot of fun.
So I definitely will check it out if nothing else.
I may not get so into it, but we'll see.
Okay.
All right, well anything else you want to share with our listeners today?
No, I just think the show was good and I'll keep listening from that one.
I appreciate it.
Thank you very much.
Have a good one, buddy.
Bye.
Bye-bye.
Even if he did, even if he was hating on the Dreamcast, what do you say about the Dreamcast
that got him kicked?
Just it was in this pickup line thing saying the Dreamcast sucks dick or something.
Okay, Rob, do you remember, in fact, I think that we should play this though in the Afterbirth.
What's that?
I'll try.
I'll try.
I'll try.
I'll try.
I'll try.
I'll try.
I'll try.
I'll find it.
All right.
I picked up a call.
Let's go to the phones.
Hi, you're on Orange County.
I'll show you.
Who's this?
Legend of Zaku.
Hello, Legend of Zaku.
What's on your mind?
Nah, just chilling, just getting ready for digital life, which is at the end of the week.
I'm sorry.
I'm not coming.
I was looking forward to it.
Something else came up.
I've been knowing that.
It's all right though.
Just the general stuff within the community, stuff like Middle Gear Solid 4.
What the hell are you typing?
Hey, are you typing to somebody else?
It's our turn.
You talk to us.
No, I mean Final Fantasy, all the Halo stuff, all the reviews.
Most of them are actually all the Halo 3 reviews coming back almost at 100 or something.
The general internet says stuff like OMG, they probably got paid off by Microsoft, but
yeah, that sort of thing.
I'm not really buying into that much hype.
Okay, Zaku, what are you most looking forward to about digital life?
Just the DDR tournament.
I'm competing in freestyle on Saturday.
Are you getting hints about your routine?
Not yet.
When you see it up on YouTube, hopefully at that night after the tournament, then you'll
see something.
But yeah, I'm trying to keep it under wraps.
I will be looking for you on the YouTubage.
Why else do people do DDR freestyle anymore?
It's all about being on YouTube and everybody being able to watch your routine.
It's kind of like a dying art right now because most tournaments don't even have that except
for a few exceptions.
If they have that whole SingStar thing on the PlayStation 3 where you're going to be
able to upload your videos like a karaoke thing, why don't they do that with DDR?
That's what I don't get.
Microsoft doesn't care or Konami doesn't care.
Most DDR makes us have some sort of camera support.
I know the PS2 ones have iToy.
Exactly.
I don't know about 360.
So how about just a website you can upload all that to?
Come on.
It's free.
So Konami, I'm giving you free hints here.
I don't think Konami is ready to drop that much bandwidth on that.
I mean, they're taking DDR that far, but that's about it.
What else is on your mind tonight, buddy?
Just really go over the whole rumble.
Sony actually getting it supposedly taking their quote unquote last gen feature and just
polishing it as if it were new.
Basically polishing a turd.
We all know better.
All right.
Well, Zach, I got to let you go to get more calls, but have a good one.
Have fun in digital life and tell everybody we said hi.
Tell Don I said hi and I'm sorry I didn't make it.
Yeah, I will.
All right.
All right.
Later, buddy.
See, I'm having people relay my personal messages now.
All right.
Rob.
What?
I sent you that thing.
Yes.
Well, do you want me to play it now or do you want me to play it in the athlete?
Right before.
Right before.
Right now?
No, not now.
Oh, right before the very end.
You got it.
A little treat for our live listeners.
Are we going to get any more calls?
I don't know.
How about some more last minute stories?
We'll wait for more calls.
1-877-GAME-OLR or username orangeonsradio on Skype.
Okay.
Anything else?
If you like Owen Dunn or Elite Beat Agents, you'll be happy to know that OSU, the sim
for those games has been released onto the PC.
It is available to download and is actually pretty interesting.
You can find it at osu.ppy.sh and it's in one of their forum posts there.
It's just like playing Owen Dunn but just with your mouse.
Which must be insanely difficult.
Hold on.
We'll talk about that in a minute.
We got another call.
Hi.
You're on orangeonsradio.
Who's this?
This is Misty.
Hi, Misty.
Misty.
How are you, Misty?
Up for once.
Wow.
I know.
We never hear from you live on the show, but I'm so happy you were able to call in.
OMG, a girl, everybody.
Well, yeah, but you're always here.
DarkSakura is looking at her boobs to make sure they're still there.
What was that?
OMG, a girl.
I'm like, yeah, what am I?
I wish you would let us put you on OP11 for the funny stuff like that sometimes.
No.
Alright.
Well, Misty, what's on your mind tonight?
You just wanted to say hi or what kind of games you've been playing lately?
Well, actually, I went to the mall.
I caved and got the Crimson Black Deus White Combo.
I've been playing a little bit of Brain Age, got Cooking Mama.
Awesome.
What do you think of Cooking Mama?
It is addictive.
This is very addictive.
What kind of foods have you been preparing in Cooking Mama lately?
Pretty much so far the stuff that has retained its Japanese names.
Okay.
Very cool.
Very cool.
Is there anything coming out soon on the DS that you're looking forward to?
Not really because I've only been half paying attention, but considering my birthday is
coming up, I'm going to start paying more attention at Target.
Okay.
Let's see what else is coming out.
I don't know.
Actually, I don't know if there's a whole lot on DS coming out soon to get excited about
this year.
Zelda Phantom Hourglass.
Ah, thank you.
I knew I was forgetting something.
It's the week after next.
There you go.
Zelda Phantom Hourglass.
Most of their big stuff for the holidays have already come out like Brain Age 2 and all
that, right?
There's Final Fantasy Tactics on the DS.
Final Fantasy IV.
Oh, Final Fantasy IV.
A front mission.
Revenant Wings.
All right.
All right.
So shoot me for not following the DS so much.
My bad.
Well, I don't think it's coming out this year, but...
Now as folks in the chat room are giving you some advice on DS games to pick up, the Rob
D says you need to get Clubhouse games.
Son of Dad says Planet Puzzle League.
That's a good game.
Yeah, those two look like ones that I've been considering.
And for Clubhouse, I have considered it last night, but I came and got Cookie Mommy because
I saw that it was only $20, and I was trying to watch my money a little bit, because when
I...
The DS was...
That game stuff was only my first step in the mall.
I still had a good portion of the mall to go.
Right.
So I see the good deals always went out when they're cheaper.
Always went out.
Well, Misty, anything else you want to share with our listeners today?
Not really that I can think of.
All right.
Well, Misty, thanks so much for calling in, and I'm glad to hear you got through.
I know you've been listening to our show forever, and it's always good to listen to you live,
all right?
All righty.
All right, have a good one.
You too.
Bye-bye.
Misty is all kinds of rad.
Misty makes OLR jewelry, which I think is the cutest thing ever.
It's so cute.
If you want to get in on that, go to the forums at our orangelawntrader.com.
Click on forums.
We're getting more calls.
More.
Hi, you're on Orange Lawns Radio.
Who's this?
Hey, no more less day.
Is this Extover?
This is.
How's it going?
You're actually listening to the show tonight, Extover?
I went into the chat room.
I was playing my puzzle quest, and I went onto the website, and so I decided to call
in.
Well, there you have it.
I thought you guys were taking calls.
Do you miss living where the show is recorded?
Because now you have to call in.
Yeah, I don't miss you, but I miss the show.
I miss everything about the show.
You miss Jamie and Matt, but.
Yeah.
Yeah, I'm all right.
I miss Jamie and Matt.
Nothing about you, though.
Yeah, I know.
I'm kind of.
I'm really horrible to live with.
You need to actually come with us to get Indian food when you can eat.
Yeah, I know.
Really that place is very friendly to the South Beach diet is what I was reading.
It's all whole wheat or unbleached.
And it's great for vegetarians.
Except for the rice.
It's awesome for vegetarians, too.
I'm actually thinking about going vegetarian again.
I just did three days ago.
Did you?
Yes.
Cool.
That's why I'm taking vitamins and stuff.
I didn't want to make too big a deal out of it, because last time I went vegetarian, I
was not able to do it for more than a week and a half.
Well, yeah, but you were.
So you're being a vegetarian, Rob?
What?
You're being a vegetarian?
Yeah.
I threw out everything I had that had meat in it, and I've replaced everything in my
fridge with products.
I'll tell you what.
I will.
Because I do have to have.
Oh, my God.
You're a loser.
I get an email really quickly.
Wait.
Why'd you call me a loser?
I don't know.
Just don't like it.
Go to hell.
I hate you.
What?
Okay.
I will go vegetarian with you, except I will need to eat fish.
No, I'm going to eat fish, too, because protein's so hard to get.
I get an email.
Well, then you're not a true vegetarian.
You're right, I'm not.
So it would be more appropriate to say I don't eat meat.
No red meat.
Yeah, you're a fish-itarian.
No red meat and no poultry.
Yeah, I'm a fish-itarian.
I can't give up sushi.
I just can't.
All right.
Well, anyway, enough about that.
Yeah.
Who the fuck cares about what I eat?
In other words, you're a pretty vegetarian.
Nobody cares about what I eat.
Extra fur.
What kind of games have you been playing this week?
I don't know if you remember, but we talk about video games on this show once in a while.
What kind of video games have you been playing?
I've been playing World of Warcraft and Puzzle Quest, big surprise.
How's World of Warcraft been treating you?
Pretty good.
I'm at the end of a grind in the game, and I don't know.
It's getting kind of boring, because I've gotten a lot of stuff, and so now I'm wondering
what to do half the time when I get on.
What are you most looking forward to about Wrath of the Lich King?
I haven't decided yet.
I think just to look in the new areas and stuff like that, explore in the new areas.
When I come back to World of Warcraft, which is probably going to happen, because, oh my
gosh, I can't believe we didn't talk about it during the news, but Final Fantasy XI,
okay, A, I kind of stopped playing a couple weeks ago, but B, they announced that for
the new expansion is coming out, Wings of the Goddess is the new expansion coming out,
they have announced one of the new job classes for Wings of the Goddess, Dancer.
So you can shake your booty.
Yeah, I know.
Oh, I'm so excited.
By the way, Sauce says it's technically pescetarianism.
Is that what it is?
Pescetarian?
Yes.
Well, not eat the flesh of any animal other than types of seafood.
Yes, and I don't want to live off seafood, but I just want that to be available, because
I'm doing it for health reasons, not, you know, I'm not a member of PETA or anything.
This is health reasons.
People eating tasty animals.
Well, hey.
What?
If you come back to WoW, then you can't, you're like a, you're a cooker, right, you cook food
in WoW, right?
Yes, yes.
Yeah, so you can't make any meat anymore.
But it's, it's a virtual.
I'll call you a liar.
It's a virtual game, it doesn't matter.
And again, I'm not doing.
It matters.
It matters to me.
Okay, if I was.
If you give me meat, I'm going to call you a liar.
If I was a card-carrying member of PETA, then maybe, but I'm doing it for health reasons,
not, because I'll tell you what, making yourself vegetarian really makes you stop and think
about everything you're eating, whereas usually, you don't.
You don't, like, if you're not on some type of thing, you don't.
But I don't want to talk about food anymore.
Jesus Christ.
All right.
Aw, okay.
See, now everybody in chat is yelling at me.
I should never call myself a vegetarian.
I'm just on a lifestyle adjustment.
Who cares?
All right.
Excellent meeting up on you.
You're ruining the show.
I had a mushroom Swiss burger today.
It was so good.
You had a what?
I had a mushroom Swiss burger today.
It was so good.
I'm so glad to hear it.
Filled with meat and protein and meat.
All right.
I'm hanging up.
Lots of meat.
Buy extra frozen.
But remember, you can only eat top cuts of meat.
It has to all be lean, less than 3%, no, less than 5% fat from meat if you're doing South
Beach.
That's right, or you'll balloon up.
Yeah, I know.
You'll balloon up, and you'll look like all those contestants on Biggest Loser.
You look like Roseanne.
Well, good.
Then I can try out for Biggest Loser next year.
All right.
I'm hanging up on you, Extrofer.
Okay.
Take care.
I love you all.
Bye.
Bye.
I'm surprised Extrofer didn't use the opportunity to tell us he was talking to us on his iPhone.
Because usually he'll say, I'm on my iPhone.
Actually the funny thing about Extrofer, he has a whole YouTube series now.
His live journal posts have all been YouTube clips.
Extrofer, if you're still in chat, you can plug your YouTube channel there.
You have to spell his name really funny, so I can't even remember how to get there.
There you go.
And Extrofer will also be coming back to Orange Launch Radio just as soon as we can get coordinated
and get our Wednesday show off the ground again.
But we're going to do something with video this time, because of Op 11 and all that fun
stuff.
I'm going to hide.
Well, it's the Wednesday show.
You're not on it.
I should come on the Wednesday show and bring pizza.
But then you have to be on cam.
No.
Fine.
Then you have to wear a paper bag over your head the whole time.
Like Faust from Guilty Gear.
All right.
That's it for the Skype line tonight, you guys.
Thanks so much for tuning in and participating.
Play it.
Appreciate it.
Play it.
Hold on.
We're not there yet.
I'm not there yet.
Any more last minute stories?
Yes.
Thank you.
I've been finding more as we wait.
Anyways, some interesting stuff to kind of go back to last week's story, how we talked
about Sony releasing 3.71 firmware for the PSP and the PSP Slim to circumvent the independent
firmwares.
M33 has just released the custom firmware 3.71 to combat that.
So now you have all the wonderful features of the most current firmware for the PSP and
you can also run homebrew.
It will never work, Sony.
Try as you may.
It will never, ever work.
Anyways, some other interesting stuff.
There is a Chinese MMO company, Shonda Entertainment, who has a MMO called King of the World.
Apparently, they have banned men playing women characters.
You know I only play women characters.
You will be required to prove your gender via webcam.
What if it's a really pretty guy?
I know.
That won't be hard to fake.
What if you're Chris Crocker?
Or just put your sister in front of the camera.
What if you have a woman who has very masculine features?
You mad.
What do they do with trannies?
No love for the transsexuals.
I love trannies, Rob.
Pretty soon, actually, their EB is going to be no more.
In fact, GameStop is finishing up converting over the remaining EB Games stores to become
GameStop.
Apparently, the official announcement has to be given, but people are noticing that
more and more EB Games are slowly becoming GameStop.
I wonder what's going to happen to the two that are in the mall.
So it's kind of speculation, isn't it?
Well, they said just this week that two stores in Rochester have already become GameStops.
They've noticed more and more since then.
Samurai Shodown 2 is coming to Xbox Live Arcade and the Wii.
That was also the best one in the series.
It was shown at Tokyo Game Show, so people will be happy about that.
Best one ever.
It is coming to the Japanese Xbox Live Arcade, so no word if it's coming to the U.S.
It probably will be.
Finally, there have been some tools released for modders of the Xbox 360 using a timing
attack with a mod chip that's out there right now.
You can drop your firmware down to one that can be exploited and it will allow you to
install Linux on your Xbox 360 and probably also run Homebrew and, God knows, probably
running backups of games.
Real quick, this is more for in-studio, unfortunately.
Check out this cool add-on for the Arkanoid DS game that's got the little paddle.
That's cool.
I saw that somewhere.
That looks awesome.
Yeah, that's pretty awesome.
Let's see.
I think, yep, that's all the stories I had.
Well it's about time.
All right, now DarkSakura, set up this YouTubage I'm going to look at here in studio and the
folks on the stream and podcast will get the audio.
This was back in the day when there was the big debate between the Dreamcast and the PS2.
People trying to decide what was better and this is basically a Dreamcast and a VMU talking
to a PlayStation 2.
Was this an actual commercial on TV or what was it?
No, this is just a fan video and it was on some site a long time ago but a bunch of people
have re-uploaded it but the PS2 was the one with the really snooty voice and the Dreamcast
is like the regular, you know, talking guy and the VMU is the one that goes, what a disappointment.
I'm hoping this isn't going to buffer like crazy because our net's running kind of slow.
I don't think it will.
We'll see.
We'll see what happens.
Hey, PS2.
Yes?
Me and the VMU were watching you play Ridge Racer 5.
Oh, really?
Yeah, and we thought it looked really good.
Ah, thank you.
Yeah, it looks good.
For us to poop on.
Look me if you must but keep in mind that I am powered by the 128-bit emotion engine.
Yeah, the only emotion you're giving developers is frustration.
They'd rather be programming on a Saturn.
What a disappointment.
Only top notch Japanese development studios can obtain optimum results from my hardware.
Yeah, then how come Dead or Alive 2 looks better running on me than on you?
What a disappointment.
Oh, but surely you've witnessed the raw beauty that has Tekken tagged tournament.
Yeah, a game that looks like Tekken 3 running in enhanced mode.
What a disappointment.
Oh, I say.
Do you actually believe your crappy lineup can compete with Jet Set Radio, Grandia 2,
Echo the Dolphin, Metropolis Street Racer, Furballs, NFL 2001, Eternal Arcadia, somebody
amigo on Sonic Adventure 2?
Oh, yeah?
Well, all that Namco thinks you can handle is Mr. Trio.
Hey, hey, hey.
You want to go?
You want something else?
You like it, I do.
**** you.
**** you.
**** you.
**** you.
Come on, come on.
Come on, come on.
Come on, come on.
Come on.
The dumbest thing I've ever seen.
I have had enough of you.
You're last.
The Internet thanks you for blowing on their speakers.
Good job.
What a disappointment.
That was great.
that little video search that was from user kohan69 on youtube kohn69
I'm going to post it in the chatroom again. It's funny.
Wow um okay well on that note god this has been a long show tonight both segments over an hour and
a half that's because we're awesome i think it's time to wrap this shit up put it just like that
playstation 2 got we need to put a bullet in this show it's done so that means we got to go around
and get everybody's final thought loki your final thought my final thought is there's this i was
just reading this last uh article here there's some 12 year old i guess a sixth grader that
received 6.5 million dollars for in game for an in-game commerce network they designed
bastard okay i want 6.5 million dollars my final thought is i want a cookie dark soccer your final
thought dreamcast thank you everybody for tuning into and supporting independent podcasting and uh
independent radio and supporting orange launch radio we really appreciate it if you like our
show we give it to you for free all we ask tell two friends you know about the show or our friend
and an enemy will work just as long as you help us get the word out there because word of mouth
is what helps our show get out there and make it great and thanks to you guys everybody who listens
live who sends us emails who calls in just who listens and supports us you know the show is you
guys too and we really appreciate it until next week we'll see you then you've been listening to
orange lounge radio orange lounge radio is orange lounge production for more information on our live
and podcast programs visit our website at www.orangeloungeradio.com see you next week
