Orange Lounge Radio is taped live on Sunday nights and released to our podcast stream twice weekly.
To listen to the first half of this episode, visit www.orangeloungeradio.com for links to websites with listings of past episodes.
Now the conclusion of this week's episode of Orange Lounge Radio.
Welcome back to Orange Lounge Radio.
We are live on this Sunday evening, September the 2nd of 2007.
Happy Labor Day weekend to those of you guys that are in the States.
To those of you guys that aren't in the States, well, happy weekend and happy Monday and hope your week is pretty cool.
Anyhow, we're going to get right back into the gaming news this week.
Sadly, DarkSakura is not here this week.
Labor Day weekend just happens to be her anniversary.
I think she planned it that way so she could have a three-day weekend off every year, but oh well.
Regardless, she's not here tonight, unfortunately, but we're still here going over the gaming news.
Shane is here filling in, although he's doing a terrible job because he's just sitting here all night playing PSP.
I don't have a computer to look at everybody.
Oh, because your Mac is being used now for the Operator 11 thing.
Well, the thing you can look forward to is that in 40 minutes, the Operator 11 thing cuts off, so then you can use that again.
So, there you go.
Hooray.
All right, let's get back into the gaming news.
Loki.
Anyways, Gran Turismo 5 Prologue.
We know it's coming out this year.
We know it looks pretty good.
What we didn't know is what exactly had in it.
Of course, now they're promising that it's going to feature more than 40 cars, tracks with reverse and alternate routes, and Gran Turismo TV, an online video channel for the PlayStation Network.
Also, we found out that it's going to be available online for purchase, and it's also going to be available via Blu-ray, just like Warhawk.
to which I say, why don't you just finish Gran Turismo 5 instead of releasing these half games and charging people money for them?
I mean, seriously, stop making demos for Gran Turismo 5 and work on the damn game.
Why aren't they trying to give people a reason to keep a lookout for the PlayStation 3?
GS68 says, Gran Turismo Forever
and DarkTetsuya says, I don't know, Loki.
Gran Turismo demos are usually more packed than most full-blown racing games.
Yeah, but this one you have to pay for.
Those comments are coming from our chatroom, chat.orangeloungeradio.com.
I don't have a problem with Gran Turismo HD, which is free, but...
Uh-oh.
Uh-oh.
All right.
Well, I know Loki has no problem with this.
SingStar on the PlayStation 2, because Loki loves his karaoke PS2 games, right?
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Totally.
Well, there's actually a SingStar pack.
Don't tell the wife about this one, or she's going to want you to buy this.
She doesn't care.
Oh, okay, good.
Why doesn't she care?
I thought she loved karaoke games.
Because I'm not going to buy them.
Oh, okay.
Did you affirm that?
Did you tell the wife you didn't want to buy them?
I told her I wouldn't buy them, and I told her that there was this coming out, and she's like, so?
So what?
I will not touch the singing portion of Rock Band
All we have to do is to, one night when you don't drive, we have to get you to drink a little bit and then you'll be good.
You, okay, you were at my bachelor party.
I was near, like, alcohol poisoning.
Which, by the way, is on YouTube.
If you want to see Loki driving Mario Kart drunk, just search for Orange Lounge Radio.
It's there.
Too bad we didn't have the rest of the stuff on there, like me playing miniature golf, but I still have the videos.
I still have the videos for that.
Anyways, though, but yeah, I was, you know, pretty sick and frustrated
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
It's $150 US and it's coming out with SingStar.
I'm trying to figure out which version of SingStar it is.
SingStar Pop is coming out in November and it's going to be a white PlayStation 2 to perfectly match your Wii if you are so inclined.
So enjoy that.
$150, not a bad deal for those two games.
It also, by the way, comes with a controller, a white controller, and two microphones.
So you're all set for a karaoke party with this.
If you're a SingStar fan.
I mean, I know some people prefer Karaoke Revolution, but it really isn't at all the same game in the end.
It's people making asses of themselves in front of their friends, right?
Yeah.
Alright.
We touched on this a little bit in Part A with the whole Manhunt 2 being re-rated thing, but Cinder Yee, Leland Yee from California, is actually on the record saying that he favors the adults-only rating and wishes that they allowed those to be played on consoles.
Um...
DarkSakura, Drew, Carameldansen
Thanks for watching!
It is kind of interesting that he supports, you know, the guy's been branded as this, you know, anti-video games guy, but I find it very interesting that he is, you know, actually supportive of, okay, the content can be out there, you know, I don't care if the AO content is out there, and in fact, we should have a place for it, but just not falling in children's laps or whatever.
We need to police it so that it doesn't get in children's laps.
He basically says, you know, it's the use of the ambiguous term mature that
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
They say whoever's going to win the HD, DVD, and Blu-ray war is going to be whatever system gets the most porn, is going to be what decides that war.
I mean, seriously, we're not banning adult DVDs out there, and I would think that that's a lot easier for kids to get a hold of than adult games.
I mean, but they need to get past the point that games are not just...
DarkSakura.com
Thank you for watching!
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
All of the monsters.
Yeah.
The nurses are the nurses from the movie, like, full on.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
That cried when she was fighting one of the boss monsters in Silent Hill 3 I can't wait to get her to play this game because I'm evil and vindictive And I think it's going to be hilarious when the monsters start kicking down doors to get to her Yeah, she'll throw the controller down and run into a different room and cry And hopefully we'll have it all up on one of these video streaming sites for you to enjoy What you guys don't get about our friend though is like I'll go and pretend I'm one of the monsters I won't be dressed up or anything, I'll just walk like they were And she hates it and freaks out
So good.
Picaruno agrees.
I get so scared I can't even play Silent Hill.
The first Silent Hill, I'm sure I've mentioned this before, but when I tried to play it, I stopped it nine times at the very beginning because it was too scary.
That's just how great these games are.
Wow.
That's cool.
As Dartichia in our chatroom says, what a horrible night to have a curse.
Ha ha ha.
Funny.
Because it's a Castlevania reference.
Never mind.
I don't even get it.
Forget it.
Ugh.
That's all I have to say on Silent Hill.
I'm definitely looking forward to Silent Hill 5.
I looked at the same article too.
It looks like it's going to be pretty sweet.
Actually, let me ask real quick, Shane, since you're such a big fan of the series from before, are you looking forward to this?
I know that you were a little nervous when you heard it was going to a different developer and it's being developed outside Japan, but seeing kind of what they've done with it, are you looking forward to it?
Are you still a little nervous or what?
I'm still nervous.
The screenshots are good looking, but that doesn't tell you how the game plays or if the story is really good or
If they have the elements that make it Silent Hill in the game or not, it could just be like, I don't know, they could have made a really nice looking, what's that crappy game called?
The one where you were all the teenagers in the school and all the plant monsters were obscure or something like that.
Why are you shaking your head at me a lot?
Nothing, I'm just... Oh, yeah, it could be like that.
That could look really pretty, but it could be a terrible game like that game was.
So, I don't know.
I hope, but... Maybe the liquor is just starting to kick in, so I'm just nodding a little more than usual.
Okay.
Maybe.
Maybe.
Maybe.
All right.
I'm done.
Next story.
Anywho, so one game I'm not too excited about, LocoRoco for the PS3.
It's been dated for...
Release in Japan on the PlayStation Network September 21st.
And no price is announced yet.
It's, um, looks like Odeo Loco Roco Boo Boo Coco Reco or something.
I don't know.
All you need to know is that it's... Wait, Loco Roco Boo Goo Coco for Coco Puff Roco Boco is what it is.
What it probably means is, ha ha, they don't know that it's just an interactive screensaver, you fucktards, and you're going to pay money for this, thinking it's a real game, and ha ha, we screw you over again.
No, that's exactly... Roco, Roco, Cuckoo, Boco, fucktard.
Is that it?
Basically, the game is an interactive screensaver.
You will be able to use the six axis to tilt the little crocos around, but that's about it.
So, hooray!
Thank you for yet another awesome game, Sony.
You rock.
Do you think LocoRoco just jumped the shark with this?
I think it's just, why even bother calling this a game or even have to purchase it if it's, you know...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Have a nice day, but enjoy the dirt demo.
It's a pretty looking game, but I couldn't control it at all.
But it's just not my kind of racing game.
That's just me, I guess.
Anyways, one other game that you probably won't see over in the UK also is being developed by Homeland Security in the US.
They are developing a game, of course, I guess, I don't know, something where you, of course, defending the United States from terrorists.
And they've spent...
$600,000 of funding Ground Truth
It's a game that would, I guess, cast players in the first responders to a terrorist attack or natural disasters.
Thank you, Homeland Security, for spending our money on a game instead of protecting the homeland.
Is this a free download thing for PCs, or is this like a Flash game?
What the hell is this?
It's just something that's being developed.
It's not even done yet, so we don't know if it's going to be free or whatnot.
Interesting.
What do they hope to accomplish with a game like this, I wonder?
Wouldn't it be funny if the terrorists played it instead?
It would probably be to build on the...
You know, I don't know, build on the success that, say, America's Army had?
I was just thinking of America's Army, and even Jonathan F. in our chatroom says America's Army was free.
Dark Tetsuya says Shane went there.
How did I not go there, seriously?
I guess the game is being developed by Sandia National Labs with grad students from University of Southern California doing the graphics work.
Interesting.
So...
Stop spending government money on this crap, seriously.
You don't need a fucking game.
You don't see the Department of Transportation saying, we want a game.
Or, you know, God knows what else.
They should have like a Bush PR campaign game or something.
Interesting point from Escapist in our chatroom.
That may seem like an expensive game to make, but keep in mind King's Quest cost $700,000 when it first came out all those years ago.
Hmm.
Oh, great.
So they're going to waste a lot of money building this game and it's going to suck.
That's awesome.
Wait, you're not trying to say King's Quest sucks, does it?
Because King's Quest is one of the greatest games ever made.
King's Quest is fucking old.
So it's old, but it's great.
Well, back in the day, $700,000 was probably a lot of money.
Nowadays, production costs have gone up due to the wonderful systems and graphics that we have and have come to love.
So,
Back in the day, it was EGA graphics.
All fucking 16 colors of wonderful goodness.
All right.
The Virginia Tech Massacre Review Panel has released their report.
and it does show that there is no link between video games and the murders that were committed by the culprit actually the only game that is even mentioned in the report is Sonic the Hedgehog now I would fail to see where Sonic the Hedgehog is going to provoke violent gaming
Unless he went and played the PlayStation 3 or Xbox 360 version of the game, which the controls were horrible and could drive someone to kill people.
Anyway, there was in the report, quote, So this is a big screw you to all those people that were so quick to...
to blame video games when this happened.
So the Jack Voldemorts of the world and Dr. Phil's and so on.
So to you folks, we dedicate a very special segment this week to you.
It's our FUs of the week.
Loki, why don't you start us off with your FU of the week?
My FU of the week goes to the Lifetime channel.
I don't like you, and I don't see the point.
That's it?
And to the director of that stupid movie that I had to watch today, learn how to light a fucking movie.
Otherwise you're going to be stuck making shit on Lifetime.
First off, I'd like to give an FU to Loki for not enjoying the greatness of his Lifetime movies, because I love Lifetime movies.
I'd also like to give an FU to Getting Sick.
When I was traveling this week, the only thing worse than having to travel and be gone for four days is getting sick while you're gone and bringing that back with you.
That really stinks.
And then I guess that's it.
I can't really think of anything else this week, so that's all my FUs.
Shane, Miklatov, whatever your name is, any FUs?
No.
No?
You're happy about everything?
No, but I can't think of anything to give a FU to.
Everything's perfect?
You're not angry at anything?
No.
Well, F you to you being so darn mellow.
Oh, wait, wait, wait.
F you to Blue Dragon because it sucks.
There we go.
F you to you.
Do you even know why you hate Blue Dragon?
Yes.
Why?
The combat is boring.
Combat is awesome.
The game is dull looking.
You're dull looking.
It looks like a generic RPG that could have been made by any company ever.
That I actually, you know, unfortunately there's not a lot that sets this apart from another RPG except for the fact it's on the 360 and it's pretty.
The character models even look pretty bland.
The music's good.
No, because those boss fights have terrible, terrible songs.
The boss fight song's awesome.
No.
Worst game.
The boss fight song is a vocal rock song, which is pretty rad.
Don't listen to what Shane says.
No, listen to what I say.
No, don't.
Alright, back to the news.
Anyways, Castlevania, the wonderful game that's going to become a movie, yay, is now being completely rewritten.
Yes, they've thrown out the script and are going back to the drawing boards.
because that's super awesome and I know you wouldn't miss it.
And so he's working on the script now.
His take on it, I guess, and of course the new director, Sylvan White, says, I was attracted by the chance to make a dark, epic period movie that almost has an anime feel to it.
So... Let's hope and pray that it doesn't suck.
And unfortunately...
Passed track records of moving games have not been... My magic 8-ball says, signs do not look good.
Does not look good.
Loki, comment from the chatroom here.
Did you like the band Deep Purple?
Are you familiar with the band at all?
Deep Purple?
The one that did Smoke on the Water?
Yeah, no, actually, I gotta ask Shane this.
Do you know the band Deep Purple?
Yes, because Smoke on the Water.
The lead singer of Deep Purple is the guy that sings the song in Blue Dragon.
No wonder it sounds bad.
Press Start
It's not a documentary, however.
This is a quote from the little synopsis of the movie.
Zach Nimbus is a typical suburban youth and volunteer monster exterminator living peacefully in a video game world.
It's a realm where people actually do cross rivers by jumping across alligators' heads or being chomped to death in the attempt, and where injuries can be cured by eating food laying around in old hallways.
Here, the pleasant days are ending due to world conquest by the unspeakably evil but insecure and telephone-addicted wizard Count Nefarious Vile.
Zaxxum finds himself recruited by battle-hardened space soldier Sam and enthusiastically bad-tempered ninja Lin Ku I'm thinking they're supposed to be like Samus, but they can't use the exact names to join a last desperate attempt to thwart Vile's imminent victory but not before lampooning every video game convention that comes in their way
So apparently this is going to be some type of little live action movie that parodies all these other video games.
Here's the thing, though.
If you think this is like some huge production that's putting this out, this movie looks like it cost about $20 to make.
So don't be expecting a big budget production.
But, hey, you know, just because it has no budget doesn't mean it can't be good.
Coming to a senior project presentation near you.
For real.
Or it's like one of those Lionsgate little films direct to video or something.
Film Class Final near you.
Direct to VHS.
It's not even coming out on DVD.
I'm going to have to peddle this crap later on.
I know it.
There is a trailer available, by the way, which you can watch on YouTube.
If you just look for Press Start the Movie, there's actually a trailer.
We're actually looking at it in the studio right now if you want to kind of check this out here.
Would you mind telling me what you were doing with these?
Don't forget what I did to you.
Your brother.
In a world ruled by an evil sorcerer, two rebels seek a hero.
It's dangerous to go out alone.
Take this.
Foretold by an ancient prophecy.
Whose ancient prophecy?
An ancient prophet's.
This looks like that Cheerleader Ninjas movie.
Oh, right.
I love LARPing, let's make it into a movie!
Heads up, guys!
Why'd you let him hit you?
It was his turn.
On September 25th... Batten down the hatches!
Rile up the mechanical dinosaurs!
It won't be a game.
Congratulations, you've just leveled up.
Because it's a movie.
Did you see the graphics on that tree thing there?
That was crazy.
Those fools have no idea what horrors await them!
Thanks for watching!
Well, it's working.
We talked about it on our program, and it was on a lot of major game blogs.
There was that funny part in the thing, though, about that it was his turn to attack.
I like that.
So it was like an RPG.
That was funny.
Come on, if you could sit through that Cheerleader Ninjas, I'm sure you could make it through this movie, Loki.
Cheerleader Ninjas had nudity in it.
This might.
You never know.
Yeah, that's true.
There could be nudity in this movie.
Direct-to-DVD.
For artistic purposes.
No, they don't have the budget for nudity.
And would you really want to see any of them naked?
I don't know.
I don't think so.
Anyhow, what we're going to do is we're going to open up the Skype line because it's time to play Beat the Host.
Oh, I love that song.
Let's just listen to that.
Here we go.
We're going to take our first call on the Skype line.
Again, our username is Orange Launch Radio or 1-877-GAME-OLR.
Here we go.
We got a call.
Hello, who's this?
That always gets through.
GS68.
Hi, GS68.
No, it's not Raven's Dolphin tonight.
It's GS68.
Hey, GS68.
Hooray.
How you doing, GS68?
All right.
Are you ready to play some Beat the Host tonight?
Yeah.
All right.
I'll give it a shot.
Now, how would you say your knowledge of old school or new school video game music is?
All right.
Well, you sound very enthusiastic about your chances in tonight's Beat the Host.
All right.
Tonight you can challenge to beat the host.
I'm not going to let you play against Shane because he already kind of knows what's going on tonight.
I know, but I never get to play.
He's just going to pick Matt.
Everybody picks Matt anyway.
It's not even like they have to ask.
If I let you pick, you'd probably pick Matt, wouldn't you?
What would be wrong with challenging you?
You can't challenge me because I wrote the questions.
Video Game Music Songs Being Played Backwards
Okay?
Oh, God.
Now, these could be songs anywhere from an 8-bit Atari era all the way through new school Xbox 360 and PlayStation 3 games.
Okay?
If things drag on, I will give you guys hints to help you guess the game.
First one to get it gets the point.
Alright?
So you guys know how to play?
I'm ready.
Alright, so you guys are going to go at the same time.
GS68, make sure you yell out your answers nice and loud so I can hear you over the music, okay?
It has to leave the chat room, right?
Yes, you do need to leave the chat room, or else people are going to help you cheat, and we can't have that.
All right.
Okay?
All right.
All right.
Is he out of chat?
Okay, you left the chat room, GS68?
Yeah.
Okay, now remember, you don't have to send me a private message or anything.
Just yell it out when you know it, because you're up against Matt in real time, okay?
Okay.
So I'm going to keep score here.
There should be buzzers.
There should be, but we don't have any.
We're a low-budget production.
Okay, here we go.
Here's song number one, and the first one that gets it gets a point.
And remember, these are being played backwards.
Okay.
What's that, GS68?
I've heard this on the Olar stream, but I can't put my finger on it.
Keep going.
This game was on the Dreamcast.
To me, it sounded like a song from Lupin the Third.
Exactly.
See, it's kind of along the same lines.
All right.
Well, Loki has a point, but GS68, there's ten songs tonight, so all is not lost.
You ready for song number two?
Yep.
All right.
Here we go.
Animal Crossing.
Ooh!
Loki's on fire!
GS68, did you even hear any of that?
Yeah, couldn't recognize it.
It was Animal Crossing, the little drum tap, little quiet stuff.
Yes, it was Animal Crossing.
Good job, Loki.
Played the game way too much.
All right, here we go.
Here's another one.
Remember, these could be from any system, new school or old school.
Here we go.
Here's number three.
Luminous.
Oh, GS68 knew that one, too.
That's right.
That was Shinin' from Luminous.
Damn, Loki, you're on fire.
That sounded so evil backwards.
It did sound like it.
You want to hear a little more?
You want to hear a little more?
I like it backwards.
I want an MP3 of it backwards now.
I can send you an MP3 of it backwards if you want.
That'd be cool.
All right.
All right, GS68, it's 3-0.
All right.
You got to make some progress here, okay?
All right.
We're pulling for you, though.
Here we go.
Here's number four.
Ready?
Ready?
This game was on the NES.
Master Master?
No.
Super Contra?
No.
Contra?
No.
Are they a legend?
What'd you say?
Are they a legend?
No, it's not got any legends.
This game had a character named Ryu.
Ninja Gaiden.
Oh!
Loki got it.
Needed a couple clues to get it, but it was Ninja Gaiden.
Stage 1 music.
GS68's not looking good.
Sorry to say, but try to get some points on the board, okay?
We're all pulling for you, alright?
Yep.
Alright, I'll bust Loki's kneecaps so he has a challenge in some of these later ones.
Okay, you ready?
Okay, here we go.
Here comes song number 5.
You ready, GS68?
Okay.
You can do it.
Act Freezer.
Sonic!
No.
Yes!
GS68 got one.
Wow.
What was it?
I think the roof came off his house.
It was Sonic.
Oh, that's right.
I thought he yelled a bad word.
That is what you said, right, GS68?
Yes.
That's what I heard, but he did it in that old... I think it was an allusion to the old Sega commercials when he yelled it out.
Or he just really wanted to win.
That was the bonus stage in Sonic.
The bonus stage music.
Yeah, I recognize it now.
All right.
All right.
Good.
I'm so glad to see you get on the board, GS68.
All right.
Here we go into the next question.
Question number six, I believe this one is.
Here we go.
Parappa the Rapper.
Oh.
Mere seconds splitting it up.
I could hear GS68 start to say it as Loki got it out.
It was Parappa the Rapper.
All right.
This next one's a little bit tougher.
GS68, you ready?
Ready for the next one, GS68?
Yes.
Okay, here we go.
This is on the 360.
Crap.
and the PC.
Not that one yet.
Come on, I guess.
No.
This is a role-playing game.
Final Fantasy XI?
No.
Oblivion.
Yes, finally.
Jesus.
Sorry.
Took long enough.
Yes, it was Oblivion.
All right.
Well, it looks like Loki has six, so there's no possible way you're going to be able to win GS68, but keep playing just for the fun of it, okay?
All right.
All right, we're going to get through the rest of this.
Here we go.
Here comes the next one.
Contra.
No.
No, it's Castlevania.
Castlevania IV.
No.
Symphony of the Night.
No.
Castlevania III.
No.
Dracula X. GS68.
No.
He just gave up.
Castlevania 2 Science Quest.
Finally, Jesus Christ.
I had to go through all of them.
GS68, you should have jumped in there when his weak point was exposed for massive damage.
You could have jumped in there with number two.
You don't know it.
All right.
Here we go.
Here comes number nine.
Now, I'm going to say I think this was the hardest one in the whole bunch.
If either one of you can get this, props to you.
All right.
This game was also on the 360 and PC.
Fantasy Star Universe?
No.
Final Fantasy 11?
What was that?
Final Fantasy 11?
No.
This game was the same composer who did the music to Oblivion.
Blair?
No.
No.
The story of this game has to do with alien abduction.
What was that, GS68?
I was going to say Alien Syndrome, but I forgot that's not on the PC.
Oh, God.
I know the game, but I just can't think of the name.
This game is notable for featuring a Native American lead character.
Prey.
Yes, GS68, finally.
It was on the tip of my tongue.
Yes, it's Prey.
All right, good job.
Good job, GS68.
I knew the game, I just couldn't think of the name.
All right.
Let's move on.
Ready for the last one, you guys?
Yes.
Here it is.
Chance and Revolution?
Yes.
That was Butterfly.
Yes, Loki.
All right.
Wow, GS68, you got smoked tonight, I'm sorry to say.
The score is 8-2.
Did you just say GG?
Yes.
Yes, GG, Loki, GG.
GG.
Well, I'm sorry, GS68, you lost tonight, but it's our consolation prize.
We'll give you a second to plug anything you want to plug real quick.
I don't have anything to plug.
Oh, I'm sorry to hear it.
All right.
Well, thanks for playing anyway, GS68.
We appreciate it.
Rob.
All right.
Later, dude.
Good job, Loki.
You know, isn't that game unfair to the listener?
Why is that?
Because there's a time delay.
Okay.
Um, no, because when they're on Skype, it's still instantaneous.
Oh.
Yeah, there's only the time delay if they're listening over live 365, but they shouldn't be doing that when they're playing that.
All right.
Looking at chat and seeing what's going on.
Zappy says, that was a hard beat to host tonight.
Goldbanjo thinks the last one was easy.
Well, if you're a DDR nerd, then the last one was easy, so there you go.
Alright, let's get back into some gaming news.
That's it for Beat the Host tonight.
If you guys like those games or other games like it, send us an email.
Mailbag at OrangeHouseRadio.com We're looking for ideas for new games, by the way.
So, just wanted to put that out there.
Alright, let's get back into the gaming news.
Loki, take it away.
Sorry.
Anyways, so yeah, there's some interesting stuff.
Now, this is really interesting.
Nokia has unveiled the Engage gaming platform.
You now remember that
They are not making any more gaming systems, but their new Nokia phones, of course, are going to be supporting the brand new gaming platform, which looks okay.
They've got a few people on board already, including Electronic Arts, Capcom, and Vividi, and they've got some other exclusive games as well.
and it will be compatible with the Nokia models N73, N81, N93 and N95 and with more S60 models to be compatible at a later date.
So I guess the games right now, they're going to be free to demo but will cost between 6 and 10 euros to play or buy the full version and feature online play against friends or of course random people via the N-Gage Arena.
which I kept trying to get me to walk into during E3.
The Engage Arena at the last E3 that was a real E3 was pretty swanky.
Yeah, they actually had a really nice booth the last E3 I remember.
Too bad it was a piece of crap product, but it was still a nice booth.
Well, what do you think of this news?
I mean, I don't think this is so bad.
I think it's kind of neat.
I think it's much better than the Engage's actual system was.
Yeah.
There you go.
Alright, well, let's move on to the next story, which is about a new PC demo.
Other things you can do with your PC.
Crysis.
Crysis is getting a PC demo on September 25th, 2007.
But the one thing about that day you should also keep in mind, that's the same day that Halo 3 comes out.
So, something to keep in mind.
Well, a lot of people are anticipating this game.
It's a big first-person shooter for the PC.
So if you want to take that PC versus console gaming to a whole new level, there you have it.
Thank you to the folks behind Crysis for doing this.
So, funny.
All right.
Go EA.
Let's see.
Also, there is a new game, or I should say an older game that is free now.
Command & Conquer, the Gold Edition, is free to download.
And you can download it actually off of, I believe, the official Command & Conquer website.
So that's pretty awesome.
And I guess it's going to be...
They're also featuring Command & Conquer Strategy for the month of September.
What do you mean by strategy?
Like free strategy guys or something?
Yeah.
Huh.
I guess it's an ISO image, so you'd have to burn it to a CD, but that's pretty awesome, though.
Command & Conquer is a cool game.
That's pretty cool.
Anyhow, another PC game that is free and has been free for quite a while, MapleStory, is getting an update.
I know some of you guys out there like to play this game, MapleStory.
It's a free MMO that's available out there, and there's some brand new stuff being added to the game.
The mountain village of Mulung is being added as well as... Mulan?
No, Mulung, not Mulan.
And a new town called Herbtown.
I like the herbs.
Yeah, like, you know, let's go smoke a joint, man.
Or maybe not.
Those are being added to MapleStory this week, so check that out.
I should also say that Mulong features a salon where players can buy new hairstyles.
That's a feature coming to WoW pretty soon, right?
Yes, I can't wait.
You love to customize hair.
You've been looking for a new MMO to play.
Why haven't you been playing MapleStory?
Because I've tried it before and I thought it was a piece of crap.
Why did you think it was a piece of crap?
It was boring.
I didn't understand what I was doing and my character was ugly.
I don't play ugly characters.
Let's see, Herbtown, by the way, includes new monsters to fight, but no word yet if you can actually score some herbs in Herbtown.
Well, following Lost Planet and, I guess, Ghost Recon releasing some map packs for free, Gears of War, the map pack that's been available so far, the Hidden Fronts map pack is going to be available for free as well, starting in September.
Actually, tomorrow at 2 a.m.
is going to be when it's going to be available, September 3rd.
And you can get four maps that are included with that, including Bullet Marsh, Garden, Process, and Subway.
So that's not bad.
Free is always good.
Hooray for free aids.
I notice there's a lot of people online that aren't playing Gears of War anymore.
I wonder why that is.
I guess it's just because there's all these other Xbox 360 games capturing people's attention now, but
Seems like Gears of War was a big thing not that long ago, and now I barely see people on my friends list playing that game anymore.
Maybe these free maps will breathe some life back into it.
What do you think?
I doubt it, because they've been available for a while now, so I figured if people wanted them, they would have already bought them.
Well, now there's been a lot of stories going around about how the 60 gigabyte PlayStation 3 is officially no more, that they completely sold out.
But Sony would like you to know that they have replenished their PlayStation 3 supply of 60 gigabyte PlayStation 3s on SonyStyle.com.
Just because they were on back order at one point, they are now back in stock.
So there's no official word if the 60 gigabytes are officially gone or not.
That actually makes sense to me because Sony-style store, whatever it's called, is not Sony Inc.
You know what I mean?
Like, it's just another store.
Like any other GameStop or whatever, it just happens to be run by Sony.
So of course they're going to run out.
It doesn't mean the whole supply is gone.
So, it doesn't mean... I mean, this isn't really a whole lot of big news to me, but just to kind of stop the doom and gloom that was going around about, oh, the 60 gigs are gone, they're gone forever, and so on.
One of these days I'll buy a PlayStation 3.
One of these days.
All right, one of these days there'll be games for it.
All right, well, and I own a PS3 and I'm kind of disappointed.
Luckily, though, in October, though, I'm looking forward to Ratchet & Clank.
I'm actually going to skip out on buying Lair and skip on Heavenly Sword.
Oh, Lair's been getting some crap reviews, though.
I'm kind of...
I have a last minute story too about Lair, so let me ask you.
While we wait for those calls, I'll go to Loki real quick for any last-minute stories.
Real quick, you can play Lair on your PSP via remote play.
Ooh, gimmicky.
Wait, you can play the whole game on your PSP?
Well, most of it, because the PSP lacks, of course, a second R2 and L2 buttons.
Interesting.
Well, let's go to the phones.
We're getting some calls now.
I'll come back to that in a minute.
Hi, you're on Orange Launch Radio.
Who's this?
You're getting a special phone call.
I'm getting a special phone call?
Who's this?
You're getting a special phone call.
It's Jason.
Hi, Jason.
I knew you were Jason.
Off again, listener whenever possible.
But our always constant webmaster, and we appreciate you for that.
Always.
Always.
I just made you introduce yourself because not all the podcast people know folks by their voice.
What's on your mind, Jason?
I was just going to say that...
If anybody remembers, anybody here that actually listens to all games, they'll probably remember how much of a Wii proponent I was back in the day, the month or so, whenever it was coming up on the show, the month or so before it came out.
They might also remember that on the forums I mentioned something about me having a feeling that the Wiis might finally be generally available come springtime.
I was wrong on that one.
Watch!
Watch!
Watch!
Weebot1.
Hooray!
I am now officially a member of the Wee60 camp, as it were.
Wee!
What games did you get with your Wii?
We got... I don't even remember.
We got WarioWare Smooth Moves, we got Trauma Center, we got Mario Party 8, we got Resident Evil 4 Wii, and I'm missing one...
Yes, that's right, the bust-and-move for Wii version that the screenshots looked absolutely ridiculous, but it's probably going to be a load of fun.
Wow, very cool.
The only thing you're missing is Metroid Prime, because that game is pretty awesome.
I was looking at that, and I really did like the DS version, with the exception that I always played it when I was tired, so I played so little of it, and when it comes to escaping the planet, I'm way too tired to comprehend where I'm supposed to go, and
The 3D map isn't exactly intuitive when you're so dead tired.
But I'm holding off on that for now.
Not to mention we picked up a points card, so I'm going to be grabbing a few virtual console things.
And given the 360, given that, given everything else, I'm going to have more than enough to suffice me for, well, maybe about a week.
But, you know, I didn't want to buy too many things.
And you're adding me to your friends codes list very soon, aren't you?
of course, I'm going to go through the thread and get just about everybody probably everybody, I'm not biased and then I'll of course be throwing mine in there and we'll continue on from there very cool, well congratulations on finally getting a Wii so are you still as much of a proponent for the Wii as you were nine months ago?
I've never stopped, it's just a general availability thing coupled with money kind of thing and we get to thank the lovely Rai Chan for all that because she's actually the one that made this all possible
She's making faces at me saying, oh, me this, me that.
Yeah, you're the one that did it.
I thought I heard Rai in the background, so tell her hello from all of us here at OLR.
Everybody at OLR says hello.
She says hello.
Well, you kids have fun with your weave and not too much.
Well, I'm on call tomorrow, but I'm generally off as long as nothing actually happens.
I have all day to myself to play.
All right.
Well, try to stay off while you're playing with your Wii.
I'll try my best.
All right.
Bye, Jason.
Bye, guys.
Take care.
Oh, we love Jason because he not only hosts our website, but he's just a good kid.
So we really like hearing from Jason.
If you want to give us a call, 1-877-GAME-OLR, or our username on Skype is Orange Lounge Radio.
Let's go to the phones.
Hi, you're on Orange Lounge Radio.
Who's this?
G68 again.
You again?
Yes.
Weren't you already on this show?
Yeah, and I got hacked by Loki.
Alright, well we've got to keep it real short to let some more people in.
What's on your mind?
I might get a new DS because my current DS is broken.
And Loki said some time ago that their websites were getting hybrid DS painted in custom colors.
Loki, what are some specific websites?
Some of the questions dropped.
Are you talking about DSs are coming in different colors?
There was a website that has different colors for DSs and I can't remember.
Oh, that like custom does them or whatever?
Yeah, I have to look.
Hold on.
Well, if he can't find it, I can tell you that... Now, I know you live nowhere near New York City, but I don't know if you can import these on eBay or what have you, but the official Nintendo World Store will do all these different types of colors that you can't get.
Gosh, you're pretty petty for them.
I remember being out there and there was a hot pink DS...
I swear to God, I came so close to buying it for like $250, though.
It was expensive.
I want a red DS myself.
Well, don't they have... I could have sworn I saw, not too long ago, they have the red and black thing now in stores with Brain Age 2, don't they?
Yeah, but only the lid part is red.
Can you still find those Mario Kart DSes?
Oh, they aren't lights, huh?
Yeah, but I'm going to get a light soon if my regular DS goes to hell.
Yeah, I still have my DS fat somewhere.
I should just give it away on the show or something because I'm never going to use it anymore.
But it's not a very exciting DS.
It's an old gray one.
Maybe I'll donate it to charity or something.
Yes.
Okay, I found the website.
Yes.
Although they are more expensive.
It's colorwarepc.com, and they have everything from – I don't see –
They used to have PSPs and DSs, but they don't anymore.
They just have consoles.
They have PlayStation 3s, Xbox 360, and the Wii.
You can actually buy a red PlayStation 3 for an extra $100, or they have a gold one and some other crap.
The chat room is yelling at me for thinking about donating my DS.
They want me to give it away.
You greedy bastards.
All right, GS6C, we've got to let you go to get some more calls, but thanks so much for playing our game, and good luck on finding your red DS.
Thanks, no problem.
Bye-bye.
About, uh, it's been kind of a, uh, usual, uh, uh, or I mean, it's been kind of a slow news week, all things considered.
I wonder if that's, that's, uh, Labor Day or what the deal is.
Maybe.
Then there's less people listening to the show tonight than usual, probably again because of Labor Day and all that stuff.
People are out vacationing and doing what have you.
Go figure.
Yeah.
Well, I guess that's all the folks that wanted to call in.
Their phone's not ringing anymore.
People just being shy.
The usual suspects are on vacation.
So, and if there's no more last minute stories, that takes us to the end of the show.
Cry, cry.
Any final thoughts, folks?
Let's go around.
Mikotov, thank you for being here, even if you didn't contribute much tonight.
Yeah.
But we appreciate your moral support.
And I'm, you okay over there?
I'm trying to, I'm doing cryptograms.
What is your new obsession with cryptograms here?
I love them.
They're so much fun.
Is there a website that you play all these things on?
Cryptograms.org.
is this because you're too busy now or i mean now i'm sorry now you're too bored because now that you won survivor there's nothing else to do i want to win another survivor game but i don't nothing's going on but you lost pirate master right yeah but that's because i hated people and i didn't want to talk to them at least that's what i'm going to say it is i don't know why else if uh hey those of you guys that listen to this show and think it would be fun to play one of these games online i'm going to talk in a future edition
A little more in depth about these online games because I think they're kind of interesting.
It's not really video game related, but I think they're really kind of different.
So I'm going to definitely talk a little more in depth about these games a little later on.
When a particular game I'm thinking of is going to be recruiting soon, I'm going to have some folks on to talk about those.
That should be interesting, right?
Yes.
And Loki.
Thank you for being here as always, even if you wouldn't drink with me.
We didn't really get drunk tonight.
It's kind of sad.
I didn't drink enough.
I was nervous because of being on meds and all, and then Shane doesn't really drink ever, and you just drove.
I'm sorry if we disappointed on the alcoholic content tonight.
I drank three of these Smirnoffs, but I'm not feeling anything.
Yeah, I don't know.
Well, your final thought, Loki?
My final thought is, I don't know, I wish there was some more news.
No, this is a slow week.
Well, I'm sure things will be definitely speeding up towards the end of the year, that's for sure.
As games are released and everything.
And my final thought is, this Arctic Berry is probably my favorite flavor of Smirnoff Ice yet.
I don't know what your problem is with this.
It's too berry.
It's good.
It's delicious berry is what it is.
All right.
I'm looking at chat room to see some stuff here.
Son of Dad says, Final thought, Metroid Prime 3 will own my soul this week.
It really will.
It's so good.
All right.
That's it, kids.
We're out of here.
Thank you guys so much.
I know it's a little short tonight, but that's all right.
I mean, it was Slow News Week and Labor Day weekend and everything.
But thank you guys so much for being with us, as you always are, every week here for the Orange Lawn Show podcast.
You know, we are an independent production, and so the only way we really keep around is from word of mouth and for you guys telling folks about our show.
Please go leave us a happy, happy five-star review on iTunes and, you know, recommend Friends to Friends in other ways, whether it be on Dig Podcast or Yahoo Podcast or what have you.
There's plenty of ways to get the word out.
So for myself, DarkSakura, who will be back next week, and Loki, thank you guys so much for tuning in to us, and we'll see you next week here on Orange Lounge Radio.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is an Orange Lounge production.
For more information on our live and podcast programs, visit our website at www.orangeloungeradio.com.
See you next week.
