Orange Lounge Radio is taped live on Sunday nights and released to our podcast stream twice weekly.
To listen to the first half of this episode, visit www.orangeloungeradio.com
for links to websites with listings of past episodes.
Now the conclusion of this week's episode of Orange Lounge Radio.
Welcome back to Orange Lounge Radio on this Part B of our podcast for this September the 16th of 2007.
And of course remember as always, Orange Lounge Radio is released in two parts.
So if you haven't heard tonight's Part A, you're only here in half the show.
So head on over to orangeloungeradio.com for more information on how to download our show
and catch up on everything that you've missed.
But for now, Loki's going to take us right back into the gaming news.
I am?
You are.
Okay, I am.
Just kidding.
Anyways, so there was a game that we saw a couple years back when they were first showing off the Wii.
And it was kind of neat.
I thought the title was retarded, but whatever.
So there's this game, Project Hammer.
And while people were speculating, is it on hold?
What's going on?
Well, according to Famitsu, it's been cancelled.
And it's not coming back.
So that's too bad because who doesn't like hitting people with a giant cybernetic hammer?
Yeah, I remember the game seemed alright at E3 in the demos.
It was there the first year the Wii was there, last year in 06.
It wasn't that long ago.
Yeah, I'm surprised.
The last big E3 or whatever you want to call it.
I'm surprised that it looked cool.
I don't know why they wouldn't put it out.
Or just some other company put it out.
Seriously.
It wasn't bad.
It's better than DK Bongo Blast.
I wonder why they ended up canceling it.
I wonder what we're going to get instead.
Because sometimes when these games get cancelled, something else comes out instead that makes it kind of worth the wait.
They should have the Project Hammer guy in Super Smash Brothers. That'd be hilarious.
Didn't they say at game developers conferences this year that Peekman was the result of something else?
It was the result of Mario's...
Yeah, it was a Mario concept ended up being the Peekman game.
So you never know what might happen.
Frisbee asked a good question in chat.
Whatever happened to that game's sadness?
It's still being worked on.
Is it?
As far as I'm aware.
Alright, we'll see.
Now this is pretty cool. Some new information about the Wii.
And I know this will make Dark Sakura all kinds of excited.
It has been announced that TurboGrafx-16 CD games are on their way to Wii Virtual Console.
And I believe some of the earlier titles were announced.
I have not seen... I don't remember what was on the early list.
Sadly, the Dracula game you love, Jamie, wasn't on there.
I do remember.
I want to say Ys I and II was on it though.
Yeah, Ys I and II was on there.
That's great. I actually have that game, but it's still awesome.
But I'm curious how it now and what we're all wondering about...
I want the Volus games.
Well, how the hell are they going to fit all this on the Virtual Console?
Because the Wii only has so much internal memory.
Okay, first of all, the biggest things about the TurboGrafx-16 CD games
were that most of the audio on the Microsoft is all Redbook audio.
So all you'd have to do is compress it.
Or maybe they've removed the audio from the games.
Do you think that maybe they've done that?
No, I think it's compressed.
Just put it down to MP3. It'd probably be really small or Ogg Vorbis or whatever they want to use.
Oh, we'll see.
But I imagine you won't be able to fit that many of those on the game.
Or they're going to start selling these memory cards or something,
Virtual Console memory cards, or I don't know.
Obviously, any memory card will work, but you guys know what I mean.
They might start pushing people to get more memory cards.
The games themselves, though, didn't take up a whole lot of space.
I mean, they're just really the equivalent of...
I think one of the biggest ones that I personally have is Sapphire,
which has some rendered graphics in it.
No, actually, it has some true polygons in it.
And some of the CD arcade games,
but if we're just getting out East and all the other sprite-based ones,
that wouldn't take any space at all.
And the games are only going to be 800 points.
That's a pretty good deal.
Yeah, that's a really good deal.
I don't think it's going to be a major thing at all.
Especially if they're doing the Bomberman CD that came as a pack-in with the duo.
Or...
Rondo of Blood, maybe?
Rondo of Blood could actually easily be done.
If we're getting Super Nintendo cartridges on there,
it is not going to be hard at all for them to do Rondo of Blood.
How much of a fangasm will you have if Rondo of Blood comes out on Virtual Console?
I'd be like, thank God, I don't have to put my disc in the machine anymore.
My actual Rondo of Blood CD is still in perfect condition,
but I twitch every time.
I can't move the machine while I'm playing it because the disc costs $300.
It was saying that they were talking about,
it's going to be 10 games in 2007, 5 more slated for 2008.
Game downloads will be 800 points.
And I guess they are saying Rondo of Blood and Snatcher are true possibilities.
Huh. We'll see.
That'd be awesome.
That'd be really cool.
Well, speaking of our Virtual Console, let me go ahead and cover our UK Virtual Console.
For 600 points, we have Super Mario Bros. The Lost Levels,
which is a Famicom disc game,
and actually, according to this, it isn't the touched-up one
that was on the Super Mario All-Stars Super Nintendo cartridge.
Instead, this is the actual Super Mario Bros. 2 that came out in Japan,
which is freaking hard.
That's rad, though, that they actually released that on Virtual Console,
because we have never in this country seen the original Lost Levels,
except on ROMs, but if I seem to recall right, wasn't that a disc game?
That's what I said. It was a Famicom disc game.
Wow.
And so the price for it is going to be 600 points,
but I think that that's actually fair,
because it is basically a game that,
at least unless you owned a disc system,
you have never seen either remade or, you know,
it's the only unadulterated version of it that's going to be out.
Well, I mean, they have the one that was all touched up,
like they have the Super Nintendo, but that was different.
Yeah, but this is the actual one.
That's going to be pretty good.
And it's not Doki Doki Panic.
But maybe Doki Doki Panic will come out
now that they're releasing Japanese games on the console.
Yes, that opens huge doors now.
Well, here's a little bit more.
We have Mario Super P-Cross coming out,
which is 900 Wii points.
And then we have Neutopia 2, which we were discussing.
Right, so the UK finally got Neutopia 2 then.
So it looks like for these missing games,
they're charging 100 more points, is basically how it boils down to,
these never-before-seen.
Well, for anyone who doesn't know,
Neutopia 2 is going to be at 600 points.
Well, but that's one they've seen before.
So I'm curious, when does the US get this?
Because we've got to get it soon.
I don't know, but it's all part of this brand new,
I guess it's a thing that they're doing right now,
the Hanabi Festival in Europe and Australia.
And I guess this is week one is Mario Week.
Next week, they're going to be having Ninja Week.
And that's going to include Ninja Gaiden and Ninja Jaja Maru-kun.
And then I guess the third week is going to be Sci-Fi Week,
and that's going to have Sin and Punishment and Gradius 3.
That's a good game.
Actually, of the Gradius games, which one's your favorite?
Well, I've got to go to Salamander.
So I'm cheating.
I'm going to say Salamander.
I'm going to say Gradius 2 with the sun.
Doo, doo, doo, doo, doo, doo, doo, doo, doo, doo, doo.
Yeah, with Burning Heat, the Burning Heat stage.
Well, I actually have that one on TurboGrafx.
Yeah, you know, I don't know.
But I do have the Gradius collection on PSP,
so I have a lot of those games.
But I miss Salamander or Life Force.
But I think Salamander was a slight bit cooler,
because they had better graphics in their case.
I'm really hoping, now this is completely off topic here,
and I did Life Force or Salamander.
I was going to say, it'd be really awesome if they did.
They really need to do this in the U.S. as well.
And I think they also need to do the Nintendo World Championships cart
and have that with an online leaderboard with score,
so you can post it on there if anyone remembers that.
The World Championship cart?
Yeah.
I'm kind of curious.
I'm going to ask the chat room what kinds of import games
that we've been missing in the U.S. or the U.K. for a long time.
Would you like to see come to Virtual Console?
I'm sure somebody's going to say Doki Doki Panic,
although in some extent we kind of...
I'll take the first five ones on Pirate Message. How's that?
We already have Doki Doki Panic.
You want to take some private messages?
Yeah. Send me the first five private messages.
Tell me what import game you'd like to see come out.
All right. Then we'll read those in a little bit.
Yeah.
Send Dark Sakura, private message in our chat.
But it has to be in our regular chat room,
chat.orangelandrater.com.
And not 2DX.
Okay. Remember, if you're watching us on Operator 11,
we're not looking at the chat room over there,
because our computer that streams Op 11
is all the way on the other side of the room.
So, wow. Virtual Console.
So, there's other neat stuff, I guess.
Oblivion's Gamebryo engine has been ported to the Wii now.
So, now that doesn't necessarily mean that we're going to see Oblivion on the Wii,
but it means maybe we'll see some better games coming to the Wii as well.
And, of course, the Gamebryo engine's been used from everything,
including Freedom 4, Civ 4, Dark Age of Camelot,
and, oh, I mean, that's pretty cool.
Maybe we'll see an actual cool role-playing game or something,
maybe something scaled down.
Hey, they could do Oblivion,
or the PSP version that was supposed to be coming out a while ago.
The hell ever happened to the Wii, or the PSP version?
I don't think it's coming. I think it got cancelled.
Really?
But, hey, who says they can't port that over to maybe the Wii or something,
where they have a little bit more disk space to work with,
and, I don't know, real-time sword controls, maybe?
I don't know. Just speculation here.
Huh. Interesting.
Well, certainly if these guys want to use this Oblivion engine
to make new games for the Wii,
it's not like there's a shortage of Wiis out there.
I mean, certainly these things are still selling pretty well.
I'm sure we've had plenty of sales stories on the Wii in previous shows.
And, of course, this all leads up to Christmas.
You might remember last Christmas, finding a Wii was tough.
I mean, it was the Cabbage Patch Kids, or the Furbies, of last year.
So, yeah, and actually, rare fact, or rare dumb little tidbit,
I actually own a Furby that I got that Christmas,
because I'm a consumer whore.
There was only one cool Furby, Rob.
What's that?
The Gizmo one.
For gremlins.
All right, but anyway, back to the Nintendo Wii.
So, folks in the media are starting to ask Reggie Fils-Aime,
the man over at Nintendo,
what's up?
Are you guys going to have enough supply this Christmas season?
Well, Reggie Fils-Aime says,
quote, Wii hardware that will be in North American stores will be unprecedented,
substantially more than the launch,
substantially more than has been seen to date.
And that was a quote that Reggie Fils-Aime said to the San Jose Mercury News.
So, of course, if you really want one of these, though,
Reggie Fils-Aime still says you should regularly check to see if the system is available.
So even though they're saying they're going to flow through the streets with Wii supplies,
you probably still want to call the store and check,
because they might still be selling out.
I'll believe it when I see it.
That's what I'm saying.
I'll believe that shit when I see it.
Really?
I don't believe.
I mean, obviously, I haven't tried to purchase a Wii in a long time.
How is it out there?
I mean, are they still pretty hard to find?
It's been getting worse.
Really?
Yeah.
Promises, promises, and then no fucking delivery.
That's what it's been.
Sad face.
I just hope they have some games to move those systems this year,
but I guess we get in Smash Brothers Brawl, Mario Galaxy.
Those will be two AAA titles.
Don't get me wrong.
They have a pretty good first-party lineup for the rest of this year,
and even January, hopefully Mario Kart soon.
True.
But it's all about systems.
You really need the systems,
and I really hope that he's not blowing smoke up my ass.
Let's hope not, because I don't like smoke in my ass, much like meat.
Anyways.
Well, we got our responses in.
Okay.
Let's hear them.
Mario Kristoff says, Kuru Kuru Kuru Rin.
I don't even know that game.
It's a Game Boy Advance game.
Oh, and you can't have Game Boy.
I know.
They don't do Game Boy games on Virtual Console.
Cheater.
It'd be good if they could.
A damn dirty cheater?
No, I'm just kidding.
Foodie Monster says, Gauss Panic.
Oh, yes.
That would rock.
Yes, winner.
GS68 says, Gradius II, NES version.
Don't we already have it?
No, we don't.
In Japan, they got it.
Yes.
Hit Sense says Pulseman for the Mega Drive.
Wow.
Well, you know what I would pick for Mega Drive?
It'd freaking be Panorama Cotton.
Oh, hell yeah.
Good luck.
Well, you know I have Rainbow Cotton.
I know.
This somehow comes up, because I seem to remember I asked.
I made the mistake of asking in the early days of OLR.
Because Jamie has a very scary collection of video games at her house.
What are you missing?
What's the one thing you want that you're missing?
And Jamie always goes, freaking Panorama Cotton.
Okay, Panorama Cotton.
Sega made 600 copies of it.
I know somebody who owns one.
And I got to touch it.
And it was a special day in my life.
Did you touch it with your fingers?
Did you rub it on your arm or your boots?
I have actually played a legit Panorama Cotton before.
Did you?
It was really, really nice.
Can I touch your hand?
Oh, I've touched the hand that touched a Panorama Cotton.
I'll hook you up with playing Panorama Cotton.
All right, all right.
RalstonUT suggests Terranigma and Dragon Quest 5 and 6.
Okay.
Well, that might be cool.
I mean, but obviously they might have to translate it.
And I don't think these other ones were translated, so.
Frisbee mentioned the Japanese Mario Brothers 2,
not the alternate version,
but that was the one they're getting in the UK on Virtual Console.
So it's only really a matter of time.
Cool.
And Darktatsuya says, Crisis Force.
Wow.
So what would you pick, Rob?
How about the version of Excitebike where you could actually save and load?
That would be the disc version.
Why didn't they do that for the fucking Virtual Console version?
That's a really good question.
I don't know.
Okay, you know what I want?
Here's what I want.
You want to talk about like fucking obscure only available in Japan only?
I want the Zelda 1 remake that was on the Nintendo Channel thing,
the whatever it was called.
The MBS Satellaview.
That's it.
The Satellaview.
Satellaview.
What was the slower you made about it?
Just different graphics?
It was Super Nintendo graphics and I think it had shorter levels.
Yeah.
The Satellaview was a pay service where you had a timer for how long you could play,
but there are hacked ROMs out there now that you can play it without a timer.
Are there really?
Yeah, Dan played through it.
Oh.
Played through it.
I didn't know that there were ROMs in there.
Do you know one of the ones, though, that Melody has?
Hmm.
She has the contest version of Star Fox.
Oh, that's rad.
From the big competition.
That would be rad.
That would be so cool on the Wii if they would bring back that old World Championship.
Remember the Nintendo World Championships?
Like I said about five minutes ago.
Sorry.
The online leaderboards.
That's exactly what I said five minutes ago.
Were you not paying attention?
I guess not.
God.
I was thinking about Panorama Cotton.
Maybe they'd eventually finish Robotech Crystal Dreams.
All right.
But yeah.
Well, what import game did you want?
I have one to piss off the fans, and I don't really care to see this over here, because
I don't get the point of it, but Mother 3.
There you go.
You ain't getting it ever.
Actually, you can get the UK one and play it translated.
But I had a story, too.
We have a wireless classic controller for the GameCube.
Okay.
Oh, no, it's for the Wii, but it's by Thrustmaster, which has the best name ever.
Thrustmaster.
Is that the name of the controller?
Thrustmaster?
No, the company that's putting it out is Thrustmaster.
That sounds like something Suzanne Somers would be selling with the Thighmaster, Thrustmaster.
That sounds like a bad porn.
Instead of Beastmaster, you have Thrustmaster, Beastialitymaster, or something.
I don't know.
Thrustmaster just sounds like bad porn.
Okay.
Good times.
Anyways.
So, here's another thing I don't understand about that wireless virtual console controller.
Why they don't have it where that it can be also a GameCube controller, as well.
Why don't they release something like that for the Wii, so that you can use one controller
for virtual console and for GameCube games?
That's what you need to do.
Make it happen, people.
Anyways, one thing that certain parents don't want to happen, much like me, is the Wii Zapper.
Which is the most retarded thing on the face of the earth, I swear to God.
Why the hate?
Why the hate?
It's stupid.
It's a piece of plastic.
You don't need it.
And it does not enhance your games, and I will prove it to you when it comes out.
That's right.
You might owe me a date.
I will not owe you a date at all.
What was I supposed to give you if you win?
I don't remember.
You were supposed to...
Oh, I have to take Nelly off your hands for a night.
Yeah.
That's what it was.
Anywho, so it has been announced officially that it is going to come out in November on
the 19th, I believe, and it's going to feature, hooray, Zelda's crossbow training, which is
going to be, I guess, exactly like the crossbow training that was in Twilight Princess, hooray.
So yeah, all for 20 bucks.
But there's some Jersey parents, though, that are kind of a little pissed off, describing
it as a gun-like remote, a wand in the shape of a weapon, and they don't want to happen.
Great.
This is what we need.
Children with guns learning how to aim and shoot.
Then we can sit back and wonder what is happening to our country with kids killing kids.
What's next?
First off, that doesn't look like a gun.
I don't know what kind of guns are out there in the market, but I'm pretty sure none of
them look like the Wii Zapper.
Second of all, there have been gun attachments for games for a long-ass time now.
And third, you don't have to buy it for your fucking kids, you moron.
Not that you can't play the no-shooter games without the attachment.
Here's my problem with this, is that these parental groups are about 20 years late.
Because remember the NES Zapper?
Hello?
That looked like a freaking gun.
I mean, not like a handgun, but that looked way more like a gun.
What was the one on Sega?
That was the Master System gun was based off the Zillion gun.
Okay, that thing looked like a real gun.
And hello, the Super Scope?
The Enforcer?
The Super Scope was a freaking bazooka that you put on your shoulder.
You remember the lethal enforcers guns that looked like six shooters?
Even though they were red and pink and blue, they were still in full-on gun shape.
I love the Super Scope.
Why the fuck didn't the Super Scope do better?
It's because there were no good freaking games for it.
But I mean, it was a goddamn bazooka that you got to play with.
I love my Super Scope.
That's how you win at the competition.
Oh, we have a gun.
Well, we have a fucking bazooka.
Top that shit.
Nintendo's like, look, we'll whip it out, ours is bigger.
And then Sega's like, well, we have a half bazooka.
They call it the Menacer.
So yeah, we also had the Activator and we know how well that went.
So now parents are all getting pissed off at this Wii Zapper thing, which looks nothing
like a gun.
I mean, seriously, I mean, it looks kind of like it's like a gun shaped cookie cutter
or something.
I don't know how to explain it.
If it was a gun, it would be a Tron prop.
It's as much of a gun as a banana is a gun, okay?
That's seriously the Wii Zapper.
Ooh, I like this comment from Rama in chat, chat.orangelsready.com.
Rama says this, it simply amuses me that about 20 years ago when Nintendo first introduced
the Zapper, the same soccer moms and dads that are protesting against it were playing
these light gun games on the original NES.
If that's not the biggest form of hypocrisy, I don't know what is, but hey, that's just
me.
Here's something, it's all these fucking parental guidance groups, they fucking see
a little headline or get like tipped off on something and then they go ballistic about
it without actually using no said item or even knowing anything about it.
I mean, they're pissed off at Bully when they knew, oh my God, it's a game with bullies
in it.
Oh, hate, hate, hate.
And then, you know, they didn't know what the hell the game was and it was like kind
of promoting against bullying people and it's just, all you have to know is you don't need
to listen to these people and nothing they ever do ever works anyway.
Has their banning of, you know, games worked?
No.
Has, you know, it hurt anybody's sales?
No.
Is it given...
Has it helped sales?
Has it given more publicity and stuff?
Yes, it has.
So, they are actually helping the sale of this stuff, you morons.
Escapist has a good question in chat, too.
Why aren't they protesting Big Buck Hunter, those deer hunting games in the front of every
wall?
Or how about why aren't they protesting Time Crisis 4, which looks more like a gun than
this thing?
Oh, but it's because the Wii, the Wii is a system for kids.
No it's not, you morons, seriously.
Thank God these crazies are in the minority, at least I hope so.
Those of you listening might notice that the rant levels seem to have gone through the
roof on this story, and y'all know what that means.
It's time for the FUs of the Week.
Dark Sakura.
My FU of the Week has to go...
I wouldn't really say so much towards Play N' See, but has to go toward my copy of Guild
Wars.
Because I've been playing on the demo for a little while and I finally decided to open
my box and install it on my PC, since I don't have World of War... not on my PC, but on
my laptop, since I don't have World of Warcraft installed on here.
And until I have my PC rebuilt, I'm just gonna stop paying for my World of Warcraft account.
So I was like, Guild Wars is free, I already have a character, I have a free box.
So I go to peel off the sticker so I can scratch off my ID, my access key, and the access key
peels off with it.
Oh no.
A lot of it did.
And I was like, well shit.
So Heather, bless her, she helped me, she got me my ID from my birthday.
I know, and I'm finally installing it.
And I've gone through all of that time, upgrading my Guild Wars and everything and downloading
all the patches, which has so much better of a patch function than World of Warcraft
could ever imagine having.
It downloads them all at once, instead of download me, download me, download me, but
anyway that's another story.
So I do have to say though that to play MC's credit, they are very fast in the response.
I sent in my request, I'd have to say around 7 o'clock on Thursday, I had a response within
an hour.
I had a second response 30 minutes after that.
Friday I got two more responses telling me that they were forwarding it to a different
party.
They were keeping me informed at every step of the way, and that's really good customer
service.
So, at the end of the disc, but a thank you goes to play MC, except for being closed on
the weekend.
The end.
Alright.
Anyways, uh, fuck you to Stars in Vacaville.
My god is that a whole bunch of ghetto wrapped into one ugly ass building, and, you know,
Qsar has really gone downhill there, as well as everything else there, their employees
don't give a shit, and I don't give a shit either, and I will not be coming back.
And that's saying a lot because the next Qsar is fucking 45 minutes away from that, so.
My turn?
Yeah.
Um, I'll have to give an FU to the waffle place I ate breakfast at today.
Now don't get me wrong, waffles are awesome, like waffles are God's food, okay?
Waffles are like the best thing ever.
I mean, can anybody think of a better food than waffles?
No?
Didn't think so.
Two waffles!
Yes, two waffles!
Cornmeal pancakes.
Here's the thing though.
I did have a pretty odd, well here's the reason why I give the place an FU is because they
didn't have a peanut butter waffle on their menu.
Like the competing waffle shop across town has a peanut butter waffle that I'm very used
to and I love that, and they don't have any type of peanut butter related waffle on menus.
That's why they get an FU.
However, they do redeem themselves, you know why?
Because they do have a waffle that has bacon inside it.
It's a bacon waffle.
So the only thing better than a waffle, a bacon waffle?
No, I beg to differ, that's really gross because it makes me look greasy.
That sounds awesome.
It was awesome, Loki, I can't even describe.
So there you go.
Hey, guess what I get to do in a month.
What?
I get to go eat at a waffle house.
Well, actually two months.
Like a legitimate, you know I've never eaten at an actual waffle house, but I'm worried
that if I do, it will ruin my impression of waffle.
Waffles everywhere.
Well, the thing about Waffle House, and all of our East Coast and Southern listeners will
know this, is that Waffle House isn't just about the waffles, which really aren't that
fantastic.
It's just about being at a fucking waffle house, and they have the best coffee ever,
and the best hash browns ever, because you can get them smothered, covered, chunked,
cheese, everything on it, and I was like, ah, sexy, but I went to Waffle House and I
came back with a hat, and they wouldn't sell me a cup, because I wanted a big coffee mug
that said Waffle House on it.
And just to let people know, I'm going to Alabama in November.
I will be doing my usual cyber station in Mobile, Alabama run, because I used to work
at that freaking arcade, and I hate it, but I will be there.
So are you going to go, do they have an ultracade machine there?
I don't remember.
They had a busted up DDR last time I was there, but that was the first place I played Tekken
5.
So will you, if they have an ultracade machine, will you be doing your ceremonial trip to
the arcade to kick the ultracade machine?
Yes, I will be kicking an ultracade.
I will also be...
What if they don't have an ultracade, what will you kick?
I will be kicking the smoking token, because it used to fucking break all the time, and
that bump and jump game, I hate that one too, but the thing about me going to cyber station
is that any new Namco arcade game that comes out, all the Namco arcades get it first, so
that's why I was in such a big tizzy to get to that one when I went a few years ago, so
I could go play Tekken 5, because they got it a couple of months before golf landed.
But I will not be going to New Orleans, sorry, that's too much of a drive, I may be in Biloxi.
I will be in Dothan, Alabama, and I will probably stop at the tilt for about five minutes and
leave, because that arcade...
To also kick a machine of your choosing.
If the tilt is closed, I don't know if it's still at the mall.
Hopefully a listener will know and can email us, but I was going to say, someday when we're
rock stars, that should be how we go out on tour to promote things, is we should set up
a time in an arcade for everybody to meet us there, and everybody can gather around
a machine, and then we all walk in and kick it and leave.
I did go to a DDR tourney, and this is when we already had Max, but their newest DDR machine
that they had at this arcade in...
I want to say it was at the Beaux-Rivage, this is of course before Katrina hit, was
a fifth mix, and I went to meet up with people there.
This is a few years ago.
Made some cool friends too, but just also to let people know while I'm thinking about
it, there's not going to be any more pump up the volume until I get my computer replaced.
My computer died a lot, so I'm done.
Ready to hear it.
Well, we got through our FUs of the Week, minorly unscathed.
Are there any other traveling anybody's doing this year that should be noted?
I don't know.
I know where I'm not going.
Where are you not going?
I'm not going to E for All.
Why is that?
I still kind of want to go for E for All.
I have the week off work, but why is it that you don't want to go?
Because, it's like everybody's canceled, and it's also in LA, and also the wife probably
wouldn't let me anyways.
The wife's not going to permit you to go?
Well, you know, it's a long ways away.
If it were in San Francisco or something like that, that would be a little different.
But eight hours away for something that's progressively getting worse?
I don't know.
Not for me.
We'll see.
I kind of want to go to network and see who I can meet and what have you, but we'll see.
Anyhow, there is a brand new version of Winamp coming out.
A lot of you guys left Winamp behind when you switched to iTunes to run with your iPod.
No, I don't touch that iTunes shit.
I've flipped off iTunes.
In the internet, a lot of folks did.
Now, we use Winamp to do this show and everything, but there is Winamp coming out.
A new version is coming out, and here's the cool thing about it, because they obviously
want people to go back to Winamp, folks that ditched them for iTunes.
Here's the thing.
A new version of Winamp will stream songs to your consoles, such as the Nintendo Wii.
So a new version of Winamp, it's the 10th anniversary edition, and it's going to stream
to your consoles.
Pretty rad.
I'm not sure exactly how it works yet, but I'm sure we will see more when the release
of this comes out, which I'm not sure exactly when it's supposed to.
I haven't seen a date on it, but I imagine it's later this year.
That's pretty cool.
And I was going to remind the chat room, because it's been a while since we talked about the
whole UltraCade thing.
The reason why you're supposed to kick an UltraCade machine is because at one time,
well, other than the fact that it sucks, at one time the company that owns UltraCade tried
to register a trademark for, or copyright or something, for MAME, and that's why, even
though they didn't make any of that.
It was this big legal nightmare, but UltraCade sucks anyway.
So this is, I guess, new news there, but old news for us, really, because we've had DDR
in schools for a long time, is over in the UK, they're using Dancing Stage, which is
the version of Dance Dance Revolution over there, to combat childhood obesity.
There are trials that are done in Bedfordshire schools to see if people will play that, but
they're targeting it towards girls who don't want to play sports, especially competitive
sports.
So it's basically to help increase activities going on at school, and I think that's pretty
cool.
I mean, I played DDR for a long time, and it's activity.
Activity is activity.
Definitely.
Let's see here, I was going to say, there's a brand new, of course we played a little
bit, if you were listening to us live during the break, a brand new album coming out from
OC Remix, and it's Lifestream, a tribute album to Final Fantasy VII, or Voices of the Lifestream,
I should say.
It is four discs, huge, completely free, there's a 2.32 gigabyte torrent for it available,
and it's split up, I guess, into their four different universes, Crisis Core, Jurge of
Service, Advent Children in Last Order, and features a bunch of awesome music, 45 tracks
including, and features the work of 42 different remixers.
So freaking awesome.
Download it now.
Yeah, we'll actually play a couple clips here, just some real quick clips here on the show,
so you can hear what some of this, this is one we played during the break, this is a
Jenova remix, called Jenova Celestial by Blind.
I like that, it's all like techno-y and stuff, and there's a Chocobo remix called Que, Electric
De Chocobo, which is by an artist named Durangin, here's a little clip.
And one more clip we'll play for you guys, this is a song that's a compilation from Norg
and Snappleman.
They came together to do this one called Full Frontal Assault, pretty rad.
So it's free on their site, so pretty cool.
Maybe I'll play something on the Xbox 360 and use that as a custom soundtrack, that
might be kind of fun.
Play like Blue Dragon and use that as a custom soundtrack, who knows.
Anyhow, one game that you don't use custom soundtracks for though is Guitar Hero 3, and
certainly it seems like every week we're hearing about some new songs in the game.
Well get this, if a recent post on Score Hero that came up and then was taken down not even
two minutes later is to be believed, the full song list for Guitar Hero 3 has leaked.
The whole fact that it was up and then taken down right away certainly seems to make it
look like it was removed, and you'll have to forgive me because I don't remember exactly
what has been announced and what's not, but I do notice some interesting stuff here.
I remember that Tom Morello was announced as a boss, but Rage Against the Machine has
Bulls On Parade in there, remember that's a pretty awesome guitar song.
And let's see what else caught my eye here, Tenacious D's in there, but I think they were
announced for that before.
Guns N' Roses, Welcome to the Jungle, Aerosmith, same old song and dance, so Aerosmith might
actually be Guitar Hero 3, I know we heard a story last week that they were going to
be a big part of Guitar Hero 4.
I was going to write how Chili Peppers Suck My Kiss.
Yeah, I'm trying to think what else here, oh the Encore Stage, the very last song, you
know how before it was Freebird, now it's going to be The Devil Went Down to Georgia.
Nice.
So that'll be pretty rad.
And I guess, what was this one, it says Boss Lou Guitar Battle?
I don't know.
I don't know who Lou would be.
Let's see here, they were saying...
Lou Reed maybe?
I don't know.
Disturbed, stricken, that's kind of cool before I forget.
Where does it say Lou?
Oh I don't know.
Maybe it's an in-game character, who knows.
Maybe.
I don't know my Guitar Heroes apparently.
I'm trying to see if there's anything else.
But now again, this is a rumored list, so we don't know for sure.
I don't know, it looks pretty official to me.
Yeah, it looks pretty convincing.
We'll see.
I mean, the game's out, what?
Next month?
It's the end of next month, the 31st.
Halloween!
Halloween!
I think they'll actually know it, I take that back, the 28th is when it's coming out, Sunday.
Oh, they're doing a weekend release because they can.
Anyhow, we're going to do the Mailbag segment now, because we can.
That's what we want to do, and every week you guys send us emails, and Dark Sakura picks
a few of her favorites and reads them live, on air, and then makes fun of them as well,
when she feels like it.
The mailbag at orangesonsrated.com is the place to send those emails.
So open up the mailbag!
Dive in, Dark Sakura, what's in there?
Hello guys, what's up?
This is Foodie Monster from Argentina, and this is probably my first email to you guys.
Anyway, I won't make it long since I've been known to call into the show a few times, so
I'm not scared of the Skypline to make any long-winded rants.
The reason to this email is to send you guys a picture of the game drawn to life for the
DS.
I believe you guys don't know this game, which got released on September 11th, I believe,
so it's new.
It's a cutesy game, and would be well-defined as a weird hybrid between Zelda Adventure
Island, Mario, and Sonic.
Yes, I know it all seems to be all over the place.
Anyway, the point is that the gimmick of this game is that you basically draw everything,
and not just lines, no, I mean full-blown things, from clouds you step on, to the slug
you ride on on one of the levels, to the gun you wield, to the main character.
And that's what I wanted to show you guys, in the pictures that I've attached, I made
one of OLR's, and Jamie's favorite, a playable character, a cute Pyramid Head.
The pictures do speak for themselves, and it shows the way you can show the listeners
as well.
Maybe point the Operator 11 camera at the computer screen or something.
Too late, Op11 died.
But I thought it was pretty funny, especially when the town's mayor says, oh, Pyramid H,
go to rescue little Miwa.
The whole time I pictured a Pyramid Head ripping said little girl to shreds with a giant meat
cleaver, and that made me LOL.
Anyways, I'll wrap this up and let you guys continue through the mailbag.
Take care and keep up the great work as usual.
Oh, that's cute.
Here's the little Pyramid Head.
I'm looking, I peeked in the mailbag as well to pull out the pictures.
That is cute.
And this is great radio, but maybe Footy, I think it's Footy's in chat tonight, so maybe
he can share.
Oh yeah, he just posted his photo bucket there.
Thank you, Footy.
Thank you.
That was awesome radio.
By the way, pictures make for great radio.
That is the cutest thing ever.
Look at that.
Oh my God, he's adorable.
I want one.
I want my Pyramid Headie.
Pea Headie, Pea Headie, Pea Headie.
We call him Pea Headie.
I'm going to look at the other picture.
Oh my God, he's so cute.
Okay, so moving on.
So from Gray Fox, we have an email.
Hello LLR gang, I've been listening to your podcast for a couple of months now and would
like to say that I love your show.
I agree with many others who have commented that it is hilarious interactions between
all three of you that make this show unique.
I had about a four year hiatus of gaming because of being enrolled in university and did not
have much time for video games.
Now that I have graduated, I have more time to play, so I got myself a PS2 slimline and
I'm loving it so far.
I was wondering if it were possible to have a section on the show dedicated to great last
gen games.
I find there are many people who cannot afford to get involved in the next gen gaming and
there are still many great games, Metal Gear Solid Series, God of War, Viewtiful Joe, etc.
Right now I rely on IGN for my game recommendations, but I am afraid that some games might still
be great but get a lower score.
Any help would be great.
Keep up the good work.
I would suggest for good PS2 games, definitely the Metal Gear series.
I was always a big fan of the Tekken games because I love my fighting games a whole lot.
I'm a big Namco nerd.
Klonoa 2 was a really, really, really good PS2 game.
It got really hard toward the end, but it was a really good game.
It kind of makes you think, if you're going to pick up a platformer, I suggest Klonoa
2.
Guys?
I don't know, but Klonoa 2, I mean it's a good, it's okay a game I guess.
As far as the last gen game goes, I mean they're still making some good stuff for PlayStation
2.
Like Final Fantasy XII came out amongst all the new consoles and kind of got lost, but
it's a freaking great RPG.
And I know a lot of folks in chat have been yapping about Persona 3, which is also supposed
to be a really good one.
I still need to play the demo.
I've been busy.
Yeah, I know.
I want to play the full game at some point, but just, you know, there's so many games
out there to play right now.
So certainly PS2 still has a bunch of crack going out for it.
And you know, I still, I even want to go way back to some of the games that were released
earlier on.
I still want to catch up on the.hack series, because I actually enjoy the games, the little
bits I played of them.
There's just, you know, a lot to them.
So ironically enough, we talked about in part 8 tonight, Jamie's going to have a classic
game of the week segment, so maybe once in a while he can have a PS2 game or something
in there.
Oh, you know what?
Space Channel 5.
Ooh, good times.
They did a double release of 1 and 2.
Why not get that?
That's fun.
Parappa 2?
Yeah, Parappa 2 is really fun.
Mojib Ribbon, if you're into the import.
If you can get it.
NCSX still sells it.
You know, you've got your 2DX, your DDR.
There's tons of good stuff on PS2.
Rez.
Rez.
Oh yes, Rez.
Good job.
Amplitude.
Frequency.
Guitar Hero.
Yeah, those prequels to, or you could say to what ended up being Guitar Hero.
Yeah.
Cool.
Yes.
I am moving forward.
Prepare to fast-forward.
Hey, Rob, Jamie, and Matt, it's been a while since I've communicated with you guys, so
I've missed you all.
I'm still unpacking from my move to Brooklyn Studios, but the area I'm at, really awesome.
A few things I'd like to say if you don't mind.
Rob, I know you're not a big fan of anime, but I've heard you go on about how awesome
Blue Dragon is.
In case you haven't heard, there's an anime based on the game now.
Here's my question.
If there was a game that you liked also had an anime to it, would you watch it as well?
Oh, and Jamie, I've seen the first episode, and it's pretty good.
It's a must-see.
I'm gonna have to download that then.
I will say this, so far, sorry, I know the email's not done, but just to get that part
out of the way, I don't think Blue Dragon is like, OMG awesome, but Blue Dragon is better
than a lot of people say it is, I think.
It's just, you know, it's a Super Nintendo RPG with next-gen graphics.
That's what Blue Dragon is.
Take it or leave it.
Would I watch the anime?
Sure.
I've heard it's out there.
I think I've seen it on YouTube.
I just haven't sat down to watch it.
But I did watch an episode of Final Fantasy Unlimited just because I liked Final Fantasy,
so yeah, I've done it.
Final Fantasy Unlimited was a very strange series.
Yeah, it wasn't, yeah, I didn't watch the whole thing, but you know, it's, I will, if
I'm into it enough.
I still need to finish Death Note, okay?
Anyway, Rob, another question.
The New York chapter of the O.L. Army wants to know if you're going to digital life.
I know you said you were thinking about it because you have a credit with JetBlue, but
not much has been said.
Would love it if you came out to New York City again because we all love you.
I thought I'd clarified this on a previous show, but perhaps some folks were out or maybe
I said it on a off-recorded break or something, but unfortunately, due to a conflict, I cannot
make it out there for digital life.
I'm very sorry to the New York folks.
However, you're right, I still have that credit from JetBlue and I've got to use it before
June or it goes away, so you bet you're going to see me out there in the spring for something.
So we'll see.
Okay.
Well, let me move forward.
And by the way, this email is from our Ron Chan in the chat room who always makes me
squee.
So moving forward, speaking of East Coast, no, we've already done that one.
Wait.
Have I done that?
No, I haven't.
Speaking of the East Coast, Rob, you've jokingly said that if we fly at O.L.R. out to a con,
you would all go.
I can't do that, but I can try to get you, Jamie, and Matt to scounce on flights if you
three can come to anime next to local con in Jersey.
He's offering us to stay.
Do you think we could make something like that?
Well, we'll consider.
We do have something, a resource we can tap into to maybe make that happen.
It would just be also, though, our personal calendars.
We also, don't forget, Oren's on Friday, we don't get paid for doing this.
This isn't our jobs.
So we all have jobs and Jamie goes to school, Loki's married, so sometimes our personal
lives keep us at home, not just so much the fact that we're poor.
But we do have a money resource we can tap into and we appreciate the offer.
Here's the thing, though.
If we're going to go to a con and make that kind of trip for it, I just don't want some
like Sunday morning when everybody's packing, because that kind of, you know what I went
through, Rama.
And although I had a good time at the con, don't get me wrong, I was a little disappointed,
you know, that when you get scheduled for such a crap time, when you make that kind
of trip out somewhere, you know, that it's unfortunate.
So I still love you, Rama, mwah, mwah, mwah.
Okay, where was I?
Also, more good news, I've decided not to get a wee now because my friends around me
have one, including my own roommate.
I've decided to get an Xbox 360 instead.
Despite the three year warranty Microsoft has given, I'm opting for the two year replacement
plan because I'd rather spend the extra cash to have it replaced the same day at my local
Best Buy.
I'm planning to purchase it February 08, when they should have the 65nm chips in it.
Now that you all know I'm buying one, I'm really fickle about buying games.
I'd like each of you to recommend one game I should get, but don't suggest Rumble Roses
XX, I'm already planning on buying that.
Marvel Ultimate Alliance.
Somebody's getting a text message.
That's probably sauce.
You can't text message Breakup.
That's probably sauce.
I'm sorry, what was the question?
Cheap Xbox 360 games?
Well, just an Xbox 360 game that you would suggest buying.
Well I know you like RPGs, Rama, so I would say Blue Dragon, or I think, has Enchanted
Arms gotten a price cut yet?
Because Enchanted Arms also wasn't bad.
Enchanted Arms is dirt cheap now, especially if you have a Playstation 3, it's really dirt
cheap.
Marvel Ultimate Alliance.
If you want to try an RPG, opt for Enchanted Arms, it's not as bad as people made it out
to be.
If you can get through the first couple hours, which are a little rough especially, you really
start to get into it.
I don't think it was a bad game.
Again, it wasn't a great game.
I'm still waiting for the freaking great blow your hair back RPG on the Xbox 360, which
I'm hoping is Eternal Sonata, but I shouldn't hold my breath.
Marvel Ultimate Alliance, that's all I have to say.
Oh, oh, oh, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, Uno, anyway.
Yeah, don't forget the arcade actually.
Make sure that you get Castlevania, that's also, it looks kind of, actually the Double
Dragon is so funny because it's all high res, and to me, it just doesn't look the same.
It's not as cool to me.
Okay, next part, oh Jamie, I had my house warming last night, I didn't get any Guinness,
I'm sorry, Tear, but we did have other alcoholic beverages and I did a 151 shot for you, which
reminds me of how much I loved hanging out with you at Final Mate, aww, I know I've said
this several times already, but you truly made me feel at home, I can't wait to come
back out there, not to calm, but to relax and have a good time.
Oh, that's so sweet, well definitely, you've got crashing space, definitely have crashing
space.
I'm sorry, what?
Who wants to come back out and hang out?
Oh.
That's cool.
Cool.
Okay, I'm almost done with the email.
Speaking of fun times, all of OLR me is on notice, I will be back for Final Mate 2009
Prior Commitments for 08, and it will be OLR Con, two suites full of OLR fans just going
insane.
Oh, and for the record, the fancy Articulate Guys comment from last week was made by my
friend Patty, not by me, and she rocks hard.
Do you remember you commented on that, Rob?
I remember there was the fancy- Articulate Guys.
Alright, whatever, yeah, I'm just starting to get warm, I'm going to have to open the
door pretty soon.
I believe that's it for now, I had more topics to comment on, but I forgot what I was going
to say about them, but keep up the good work, and don't stop believing, wink face.
DJ Rama asked, proud member of the OLR me since 2003.
That was a long email.
Last email.
Alright.
Hey, OLR Nintendo Maniac 64 here, for math class, I'm doing a survey-like thing, it's
very simple, I need you to list your preference of which of the following gaming systems from
one best to four worst.
The Wii, the 360, Playstation 3, and PC emulators and ROMs do not count.
And then, oh, he just wants to send an e, oh, never mind, he's wanting us to do his
poll.
Well, I'm curious, what of the four do you think is best?
Oh, lordy, I'm just setting myself up for fanboy backlash.
I'm gonna go strictly in terms of based of what's available, and what I play, and where
my time goes based on that, because, you know, our golden rule, we haven't said it a long
time on this show, so let me reiterate the golden rule of gaming, a console is only as
good as the games that are on it.
Yep.
Alright.
So, that being said, I would say the Xbox 360 is number one, PC is number two, Wii is
number three, Playstation 3 is number four.
I agree with that.
But let me put this honestly, based on the golden rule of gaming, like Xbox 360, PC,
and Wii, well, I would say Xbox 360 and PC are like really close to the top, Wii down
a little bit, but still near the top.
It's getting there.
Big gap.
And then Playstation 3 at the bottom.
Well, being that I have a PS3 and have a bunch of games for it, the only game I played on
that one regularly was Marvel Ultimate Alliance, and, you know, and now that I have it on Xbox
360, I'm like, well, why?
What's the point?
I can actually play it and not have to shake my controller around like an idiot and look
like I'm having a seizure trying to do the underwater level, so screw it.
You know you don't need to flail your arms around a lot, you can just do it with your
wrist.
She likes to flail.
I don't know, but I hate it.
Loki, what would be your list?
I don't know about PC, I mean, I don't play a lot of PC stuff, so I would say probably,
well, 360 because there's just a lot of games on it.
Wii is hard, I mean, there's a lot of games out there, but I don't play it a lot, so actually
I would say probably, and I don't want to put the Playstation, I guess I'd say the same
list as you, Rob, but the thing is, you know, I don't play a lot of PC games because my
computer sucks, and then I don't play definitely a lot of Playstation 3 games because there's
really nothing out for it, and the Wii, there's just nothing out that I really must have.
Sometimes, and I have to keep this in mind about PC gaming, is that PC gaming can also
be a lot of those homebrew and freeware things you play that you can't really get on any
other system, and you know, certainly games like World of Warcraft and Final Fantasy XI
on the PC, big time sink games for me, you know, I probably, when you add it up, I actually
probably do more gaming on the PC than anywhere else.
I'm surprised, though, Mac wasn't number one on there, because I would have thought the
Mac would be on there.
Oh, that's right, it wasn't one of the options.
My mistake.
No games.
No games.
Sorry.
Shut up.
All right, any more to that email, DarkSakura?
That's it for the mailbag.
All right, if you want to send us an email, mailbag at orangelaungeradio.com.
Until then.
More news, right, Logie?
Dot com.
Yeah, of course, I have tons of news for you, anyways.
So yeah, there's a, I'm pulling up different stories now, anyways, there's some interesting
rumors going around about the Mel Your Solid movie, one of which is that Christian Bale
is up for the role for Solid Snake himself, so that'd be pretty interesting.
I guess it's from a UK magazine called Nuts, which I'm not really sure if I would add.
I don't know how that would really rate there, but they say he's in the running to play Solid
Snake for the 2009 movie Mel Your Solid.
And of course, I don't know.
That's a big fat rumor, I think.
I don't know.
I don't know if he'd look good as Snake, though.
Can't see him as Snake.
They need someone who's a lot more hardcore.
Well, if Tom Selleck were younger.
No, no, no, no, no.
If Kurt Russell were younger.
Kurt Russell, yeah.
I like Kurt Russell.
Kurt Russell would be able to do it.
Or he could play Old Snake.
Or even Richard Dean Anderson.
Yeah.
Do you saw him in the, no, I'm thinking of two people who play the same character in
Stargate.
Maybe.
I don't know.
Alright.
I love Stargate.
Anyway.
Stargate's okay.
You know what else is okay?
What?
Handsets.
I don't know.
I don't have a transition for this.
But Sony Ericsson is possibly going to tap into the PlayStation brand for some of the
new high-end, meaning expensive, mobile phones that they're going to be putting out.
Could they be turning the PlayStation brand into what the N-Gage was?
Not really.
But they'll just kind of be using the PlayStation branding to try and launch a possible, I'm
sorry, there is not a gaming phone.
I should say this.
I don't know PSP phone slash thing or whatever.
But since Ericsson and PlayStation are under the same corporate entity, Sony, why not explore
the possibilities of what could happen?
So there you go.
They need to just bring out the freaking Vodafone over here and leave it at that.
I mean, who's going to care?
Because everybody's buying one of those iPhones now.
Even I'm tempted to get a stinking iPhone.
But I'm holding out because I'm convinced next year they'll have GPS in them.
That's the one thing that's missing that I want.
I'm getting a BlackBerry.
I think it's going to be revised so many times.
I'm getting a BlackBerry.
I'm trying so hard to resist the iPhone temptation.
Let me just put it that way.
I'm getting a BlackBerry.
Well, aren't you special?
I am.
Well, for anyone who is interested in interesting ways of announcing games or hinting at games
or starting weirdo rumors anyway.
For the demo for Tony Hawk Proving Ground, there is a poster that says, shows a sequel
for Gun, Magruder's Ghost.
So is it a rumor?
Is it a tease?
Is it wishful thinking?
Is it someone just trying to make a funny?
Who knows?
Hopefully it's a real game.
Gun was okay.
I know it wasn't.
It didn't sell very well.
I know it's good.
Gun didn't do very well.
Did it?
So I was kind of.
I mean, they can always fix that stuff for sequels.
That's the whole point of doing a sequel, to fix the crap that didn't work in the first
one.
Exactly.
That's why we're on so many NBA Live games and Madden and whatnot.
Anyways, this is kind of a little 180 of normal news.
Conan, the game that was supposed to be coming out at the end of October, got bumped up into
September.
In fact, now it's coming out the week of September 28th to compete with Halo.
Hooray!
That's not the smartest move, but it's nice to see that the game's actually going to be
coming out earlier than expected.
It is going to be kind of a hack and slash action game, similar to God of War.
Lots of blood.
I know there's full frontal nudity, so hey, that's got two things that I need and that's
probably going to guarantee a sale.
I don't know.
We don't get enough games with nudity.
We need more games with nudity.
Damn straight.
I want niche nudity games.
Manhunt 2 is supposed to have lots.
There's a whole S&M club, I guess.
Playboy Mansion or whatever, that's niche nudity.
I want hardcore nudity in mainstream games.
Is that too much to ask for?
BMX Triple X was great.
That was a bad game, though.
I know, but it's...
It was not a bad game.
It was fun.
Dave mirrored BMX and it just had weird shit like, you know, impress a dog so he gets horny
and fucks another dog.
I mean, just weird shit, but it was just excuses for you to do tricks and stuff.
You had to pick up the hooker.
And pick up the hookers.
I mean, it's a fun game.
It's really weird, granted.
I think it's a game that makes fun of itself.
It is.
It is.
And it's another one of those games.
I kind of have the benchmark where it's stuff that my sister actually plays.
It's weird because they like these weird, nichey games like Driver 3 that's completely
awful, but they find it fun, just like they find BMX Triple X fun, because it's really
weird.
You know what really weird game I want them to make a new one of?
Jumping Flash.
Okay, like, the whole chat...
Okay, now like Leo Kristoff in chat says, why do you want to pay for CGI porn and Ross
Steele UT says, guy, fuck no, I don't want porn games, really.
I didn't...
I said, I don't want porn games.
I just want, like, you know, random nudity inserted into video games.
Like, you know, it's like when you watch a movie, and then like, you know, like you're
watching the movie and like, oh, I didn't know I'd get that ass shot, or, oh, tease.
Life is Brian.
You know?
Yeah, or, you know, boop.
Where he comes out fully naked and addresses the crowd.
Where is that?
We just need...
It's gotta be porn.
It's tasteful.
We need random...
Artistic purposes, because games are art, after all.
We need random occurrences of naked.
Of course, I hope you guys know what happens.
No ferret bestiality, oh my God, DT, what the hell are you on?
I'm half kidding, chat room.
I hope you guys know.
But there is no kidding around that PC is getting a new version, I'm sorry, is getting
a new game called Stranglehold, which of course is coming to all the consoles as well.
But Stranglehold is coming out this week on the consoles, but if you want to check out
a demo, it's up now.
The game ships on September 18th, but the PC demo is available to download right now.
So if you want to check that out, go to your favorite downloading site, such as, you know,
I don't know, what's a good site that doesn't make you pay to download stuff?
Like, you know, because I hate those ones that are like, you know, oh, you get this
many spots.
Just find a torrent.
Yeah, or just find a torrent.
Game spots sometimes.
That's a legal use of a torrent, so you can go for that.
So Stranglehold.
By the way, I did want to say this real quick, sorry, is that I thought it was interesting
that I, because I want to use this story as an excuse to talk about MySpace and logging
on to MySpace lately.
I've noticed a lot of ads for Stranglehold on MySpace.
I don't know if you guys have noticed this.
I mean, usually ads are blocked, but for some reason these show up.
And it's just so funny the way they're advertising the game to me is like, more stuff to blow
up than any game ever.
Just I don't know, it made me laugh.
You know what, that would be the whole reason I would buy a game, is explosions.
Well, speaking of things that aren't exploding, however, you can probably get some neat pyrotechnics
included.
More information about Guitar Hero 3 Legends of Rock is that it will be coming out on the
PC and the Mac.
Games on a Mac!
Like snakes on a plane, but not really.
It will have the same gameplay, same content as the console versions, unlockable, multiplayer
mode, boss battles, I do believe downloadable content, which would make sense.
And it's Guitar Hero.
And it'll be cracked so wide open that it'll be freely available before you know it.
And it's not that, but I'm waiting for people to crack this game to insert their own shit
into it.
It's been done on Playstation 2 and stuff.
It's only a matter of time.
I've seen Playstation 2 ones done with Metroid Metal music.
And I just want to say though, shortly after the release of this game is when America is
going to realize that we're just oversaturated with Guitar Hero crap and I think the series
will start to decline.
Just about, just like DDR.
We'll see, we'll see.
Anyways.
Ah, so, um, and then my, there we go.
Nintendo Midnight 64 mentioned that there's already something like that on PC called Fretz
on Fire.
And maybe that's why they want to do this, you know, because they realize there is a
market for the PC guitars, who knows.
Yeah, that's how we get like in the groove.
Yay.
Um, so, GameStop, once again we're talking about them.
Now they're planning on catering to the casual gamer.
Yay.
Um, apparently they're going to be redesigning their stores or rearranging them, um, kind
of as a test.
And what they're going to do is they're going to have a couple new sections, including one
dedicated to children's and family games.
Uh, another section is going to be dedicated to, um, I guess, uh, like music rhythm games.
I mean, because there's quite a bit of stuff and I know they try to push a lot of those
peripherals.
Um, and then I guess they're going to have, uh, new sections for kiosks, I guess one that
will also highlight music games and another one that will highlight family games.
So new kiosks, new sections, new reason to go to GameStop, probably not.
You know what I think GameStop's biggest failure has been lately, is, um, them, uh, not selling
anything older than, um, PS2.
I had to go to Fry's today, an electronics store nearby that's pretty big, because none
of the GameStops within a 111 mile radius had any PSP cables.
Awesome.
Not cool.
Yeah, you can still go to GameCrazy and buy Genesis.
There are options, folks.
Don't need to necessarily go to GameStop.
And also think about this, um, remember I bought the collector's edition of Bioshock
so I can get the Big Daddy.
Would I really have missed it if I didn't buy the collector's edition?
Probably not.
So don't be fooled in buying this shit for, like, crappy little trinkets that you probably
don't need anyways.
GameCrazy needs your money.
That's all I'm going to say.
Yeah, they need a lot of money.
They need a whole lot of money.
Anyway.
Alright.
Well, is that it for the news tonight?
I think it is.
I think so.
So this is where we open up the Skype line and let you guys interact with our program.
If you want to give us a call, our phone number is 1-877-GAME-OLR or our username on Skype
is OrangeLoungeRadio and the Skype line is open and you guys can give us a call.
So we'll wait for some calls.
I don't know.
Our listenership seems to be down a little bit tonight.
I don't know if that's the Emmys to thank for that or Back to School or the fact that
our show just sucks.
I don't know what it is, but we don't have a lot of live listeners as much as usual tonight.
So I'm hoping that we get some calls at some point, but the line is open.
So go ahead and start calling.
In the meantime, do we have any last minute stories?
Oh yeah.
Let's see.
Let's start off here.
Of course, Colin McRae, he's died in an helicopter crash.
You may remember him from such rally racing events that have happened, of course, in Europe
and also because he's had his name on various rally racing games, including Dirt, which
is actually pretty awesome.
But unfortunately, he has passed away.
Let's see.
Also, I was going to say that China, this is funny, China's gaming companies are trying
to combat piracy.
I don't know.
If that gets you to laugh, I don't know what will, so.
Okay.
Well, I mean, China is just big on, you know, a ton of pirate stuff coming out of there.
Yeah, but that's a scene.
You can't, you know, label everybody as, you know, participating in the piracy rings.
All right, fine.
All right.
We got calls on Skype.
Let's go to that.
We'll get the rest of your stories in a minute.
Hi, you're on Orange Launch Radio.
Colin, are you there?
Yes, I am.
And it's not Raven's Dolphin.
Oh, well, who is it then?
It's DJ Rama S. Well, hello, DJ Rama S. So somebody different got through first for once
this week.
All right.
What's on your mind, buddy?
Not much.
I want to make a comment about the whole GameStop thing about the man who got basically
suspended for only selling games to smart people.
I can't say I don't blame him for doing that because I used to work in a video store and
the video store was like right by the schools and they would come in all the time and mess
the place up.
And then we started doing stuff like that, you know, we started doing like a program
where if you had good grades, you get free rentals and stuff.
And we were basically like a mom and pop store and we basically knew the families and stuff
and they were coming all the time.
And we, you know, we basically knew if you weren't doing too well in school and stuff,
you weren't renting games at all, as simple as that.
Well, I'm sorry, I was typing in chat.
What?
Sorry.
Everybody's like, I'm sorry.
Restate your question real quick.
No, what I said was I used to work at a mom and pop store and we basically did the same
thing what this GameStop manager did.
If you were, you know, if you were stupid, you know, like that, we wouldn't rent games
to you.
Simple as that.
Wow.
So how, how exactly would you do the whole report card thing, the grades thing?
Yeah, that's what we did.
Wow.
And how did that go over?
Basically the parents liked it because one thing was for sure was that, you know, we
knew the parents knew, they knew they weren't doing their homework because they were too
busy mulling around in our store, checking out the games and stuff like that.
We had to like kick them out from time to time and just like, you know, it's like three,
three, four o'clock, you've been here over an hour, you should be at home doing your
homework instead of drooling over the games that you want to buy or rent.
Simple as that.
Wow.
You know, I don't have a problem with people kicking out lawyers, but I mean, I don't think
it's a great business practice to turn away business, especially when most of the mom
and pop stores I talk to on a daily basis are having trouble selling games, let alone,
you know, they're not like swimming in money.
So I wouldn't, I would highly, you know, advise against it despite how tempting it may be.
Mystic Gohan says, what if my homework is to play a game?
That was from our chat.
So that went over okay.
There wasn't a lot of controversy there.
No, not at all.
You know, like I said, we were small, so everybody knew each other and it was pretty cool about
it, you know?
And I mean, overall, I don't blame this manager for doing it, but it's not his job to be the
parent of over these kids, you know?
I mean, these parents should be more responsible and stuff like that, you know?
That's the way I see it.
You know, overall, I give him points for doing that, but not at the risk of your job, you
know?
All right.
Well, thank you for the insight, I guess, from having been working for a game store
that used to kind of do this.
Anything else you want to share with our listeners tonight?
No, that's just I just want to throw my two cents about there.
That's all.
Well, I appreciate it.
I'm sorry I missed you the first time.
I thought someone else was listening and I was trying to work on a question that got
asked in chat, so I didn't want you to feel like I was ignoring you.
I'm sorry.
We multitask while doing the show.
I know that feeling.
All right.
Take care, buddy.
You too.
All right.
Bye-bye.
All right.
If you want to give us a call, 1-877-GAME-OLR or our username on Skype is ORANGE LOUNGE
RADIO on Skype.
Loki give us another last minute story while we wait for another call because there's a
bit of a delay.
Okay.
So Jam Sessions has come out last week, I guess, and funny enough, if you purchase it
through Best Buy, you've got three hidden tracks.
Well, actually anybody can get the hidden tracks, and funny enough, it's the Konami
code which unlocks those hidden tracks, despite the fact that the game's actually being made
by Ubisoft.
So to unlock Brad Paisley, I'm going to miss her, Jimi Hendrix, Wild Thing, and Tom Petty
Needles and Pins.
Simply push up, up, down, down, left, right, left, right, during free mode, and it will
give you those three songs.
Wait.
And what game is this?
Jam Sessions.
Isn't this the game that some of our listeners told you to stay away from?
Yeah.
Oh, okay.
All right.
Well, let's go to the phones.
We've got another call coming in.
Hi.
You're on Orange Launch Radio.
Who's this?
This is Jason.
Hi, Jason.
And we do need a new jumping flash now.
Jumping flash.
Amen.
Oh, man.
Jamie said that, and I smiled so big.
Jumping flash was my first ever PlayStation game, back when Blockbuster still rented out
the systems, and I paid the, what, $150, well, my dad paid the $150 deposit, and I rented
the system along with jumping flash and a Revolution X.
Revolution X is awesome.
Revolution X was awful at home, though.
Yeah, it was, but I enjoyed it, and I laughed, and I played it regardless.
The only system I ever rented was a Neo Geo.
That's why I played Fatal Fury Special at home, which was all sorts of awesome.
Let's see.
What else was I going to ask about?
I'm trying to remember what the first PlayStation game I ever played was.
It might have been Final Fantasy VII.
I don't think I...
Oh, no, no.
I remember.
I bought my PlayStation with Crash Bandicoot 2.
That was the first PlayStation game I ever played.
So I got into the PlayStation game a little late.
I think that was the one when I actually owned it.
Huh?
I think Crash Bandicoot was my first game when I actually owned a PlayStation as well.
Wow.
But as I said, I rented it well before that, and Jumping Flash was my first ever PlayStation
game.
Mm-hmm.
I was a freshman in college, and my roommate's boyfriend had a PlayStation, but my friend
had imported a Saturn before, so I'd actually played an import Saturn before we got them
over here.
You know what would be hilarious?
Oh, sorry.
I was just thinking, you know how they were talking about Guitar Hero 4 as being, I guess,
Aerosmith's going to be the big thing for that.
Wouldn't it be hilarious if they had Revolution X as an unlockable in that?
I didn't say...
Fire CD is for whaling boner.
Well, what I was saying about the PlayStation stuff, though, is that my first PlayStation
game that I played was Toshinden and Jumping Flash.
Those were my first two.
And you said you were a freshman in college, and I don't even think I was in middle school
at that point.
I may have just been, but...
Thank you for making me feel old.
I'm sorry.
I know.
I'm sorry.
But my first Saturn game that I played was that really crappy Gundam game, and Golden
Axe the Duel.
I didn't even know they made that game on Saturn.
Oh, yeah.
It was really...
It was actually a good game.
I only remember two or three things about the Saturn.
One of them was a friend of mine with the extra memory chip or something like that,
something along those lines, some kind of an expansion chip, Knights, and some weird
mech game that I played at...
Oh, I don't even remember where it was anymore.
I think it was at Hastings or something like that on one of their demo kiosks, but I next
had no idea what it is anymore.
Saturn was the machine you had if you were an importer, though, because you had arcade
perfect copies of Marvel Super Heroes versus Street Fighters, X-Men versus Street Fighter.
You had all the King of Fighters games, even though the load time was just completely ridiculous.
Virtual on...
Ready for the beginning, CD systems, kind of, for mainstream, that didn't crash horribly.
I still...
Oh, yeah.
And RalstillUT points out that all the working designs games came out for Saturn, like the
Rayearth RPG, and I actually did games, though, for the Sega CD, like they did...
We had Popful Mail over here from Working Designs.
But yeah, Fighters Megamix, Sephiroth 1215s us, but the Saturn just completely kicked
the PlayStation's ass, and I'm sorry that it did so badly over here.
Oh, of course.
Oh, and Puzzle Fighter.
Thank you to the people that did own the Saturn, the notion that that was the importer's console.
Yes, that was very true, now that I think about it.
It's funny, Dan and I used to hook up our Saturn and our PlayStation and have the same
games in them, because we actually had a few of the games that were the same on both systems,
and we would compare what they looked like, and the Saturn was it for anything that was
2D or required a lot of memory.
Even though the PlayStation was built for 3D, we compared Symphony of the Night, because
I have the Japanese one on the Saturn, and all the 3D effects looked a lot better on
the PlayStation, of course, but all of the sprites and the music was better on the Saturn,
because I think the Saturn had a better sound processor.
The music being better was really common to pretty much every game on the Saturn, wasn't
it?
I think so.
Well, a lot of things...
I remember hearing something along those lines.
They did have a lot of games, too, that were Red Book, and also other games that were pointed
out were Guardian Heroes, Panzer Dragoon, Sonic Jam, Silhouette Mirage, Dragon Force.
Sonic Jam, yes, that one is a very big deal.
I remember my girlfriend really complaining about Sonic Jam's collection and the fact
that they used the Sega CD version of Sonic Jam instead of the Saturn version, because
the Saturn version actually had the true epic music composed to synthesized, MIDI-ish track
version.
And that's, yes, the world of difference right there.
Wow, it's like a trip down memory lane here.
Well, also, for me being an importer, I actually lucked into a copy of Grandia on Saturn, and
comparing that to the PlayStation 1, oh my God, the PlayStation 1 was crap.
Even the 3D was crap in it, and it was so much better on Saturn.
The music, you actually had a bigger view field, so you could see more stuff that was
going on in the game.
The timing was better.
Everything came out so much better on the Saturn version.
All right, Sega fanboys, we gotta wrap up and go to another call.
Jason, any last thoughts quickly before we move on?
Bust-A-Move Bash with the Wii controller is absolutely, it makes so much sense, it plays
so well, it is very, very fun.
What game?
Bust-A-Move Bash, it's like a puzzle game where you can play up to eight players at
one time.
My mind went to the old dance game, and I was like, there's a fucking new Bust-A-Move
out?
I knew it would have, I should have said Puzzle Bobble Bash, because it would make more sense
to you pretty much immediately.
No, that's all right, okay.
Bust-A-Move Bash for the Wii, the Wiimote control is so intuitive, it is so easy to
pick up and play, it is so fun.
Really?
Might have to check it out.
Yes.
All right.
It's pretty cheap.
Give it a shot.
It's fun.
Even though I've played this game like 50 times, this will be worth it, right?
You might want to play it on mute, I'll warn you that.
If you don't...
Well, maybe I can use my custom soundtrack for the Winamp, hopefully.
We'll see.
Oh, yeah, that's true, huh?
Who knows?
I haven't gotten that yet.
I need to.
All right, Jason, we've got to let you go, but have a good one, okay, buddy?
You too.
All right, bye-bye.
Goodnight.
Thanks for hearing from Jason, our fearless webmaster, for OrangeLunchRadio.com.
We'll probably take one more call, then we're going to call it a night, because we are running
a little bit long tonight.
I don't know what's going on with that.
Another last-minute story real quick, Loki, if you have any more.
Yeah.
Do you have any?
I have a whole ton.
Anyways, they were talking a little bit bizarre.
They were talking about Project Anthem Racing 5 and what they want to do with that.
One thing that they're looking to do is possibly off-road stuff, including quad bikes and off-road
tracks.
So, that's kind of neat.
All right, we've got another call real quick.
Hi, you're on OrangeLunchRadio.
Who's this?
GS68.
Well, hello, GS68.
What's on your mind, buddy?
Yeah, you know the thing about the New Jersey parents reacting to the Wii Zapper?
I'm sorry, the parents that are getting mad about the Wii Zapper?
Yeah, yeah.
I was particularly offended.
I mean, for fuck's sake, I grew up with light gun games.
And are you thinking about going and shooting actual people?
No.
You know, and I wonder, at the carnivals, even before the days of video games, I mean,
they still have the county fairs and the state fairs and the various carnivals around.
Don't they have those BB gun shooting games where you shoot pellets, as many pellets as
you can through the little silhouette, and if you can punch out the star completely,
you get a prize?
They have better than that now.
That's true.
They have to shoot the paintballs at the man thing.
Cool.
They have a guy in riot gear, and you can shoot him with paintballs.
Wow.
And don't they have, they also have a shooting range.
You know, remember, like that fucking thing they have at Scandia, that's like that whole
elaborate set up, like the Wild West, you can shoot like...
I think they have one of those at Tilt.
Okay, so anyway, I mean, yeah, these types of games existed long before video games,
so these are just a couple of dumbasses who somehow got their name in the media.
And don't you mean start it with Nerf guns?
I mean, they're obviously for kids, and they shoot real projectiles.
Or Super Soaker.
I keep thinking of that one commercial.
It's all over YouTube.
It doesn't worry us, it says not to shoot someone in the face with it.
Anyway.
I like getting Super Soakers and putting ink in them.
Why would you do that?
That's mean.
We used to when I was in middle school.
Why would you do that?
Because we were mean.
You were a bad child.
I should take it back.
Well, yeah, I agree with you, GS68.
These people are dumbasses.
But what can you do?
In every village, there's an idiot, right?
Yeah.
Well, any other thoughts for our listeners tonight?
I don't think so.
All right.
Well, thank you for your rant.
We appreciate it.
And it fits in well with our program.
No problem.
All right.
Bye-bye, dude.
See ya.
All right.
That's going to do it for the Skype line tonight.
Thank you to those that got through.
Sorry to those that didn't.
The new Skype is so weird because I can't, like...
If five calls are coming in at once, I have to hang up on four to answer the one.
And then the people that I hung up on will try to call right back.
So I can never pick up a call.
So now I have to force the calls to go to voicemail if we're already in a call.
But then the people that keep calling back in seem to get right through.
It's really weird.
But I don't know.
We'll see.
We'll see what we can do with Skype.
I just want the old version back.
Okay.
Sorry.
Sorry.
Last minute news.
To go back to what we were talking about earlier, Eternal Sonata has definitely been confirmed
for the PlayStation 3.
In fact, it will be shown at Tokyo Game Show in video form only.
And there's actually some updates on what the PlayStation 3 will have that the Xbox
360 won't, including new playable characters and a new clothing system in the works.
So that's kind of interesting.
And I guess...
That is interesting with the release of the game in the U.S. only days away.
Now they're telling us, oh, wait, maybe you want to wait for the PlayStation 3 version.
For those who love the game's characters will want to pay attention to Bandai Namco is also
working on a costume system that will allow you to freely change your character's costumes.
Accompanying this is an increase in costume variations.
So unfortunately, PlayStation 3 owners will have to wait until 2008 to get their hands
on this RPG update.
So that was kind of funny.
And some other things, real quick, Hot Shots Golf Online is coming out on PSP.
That's another thing that's going to be shown at Tokyo Game Show.
As well as there's going to be a free online RPG coming to the PlayStation 3 from Q Entertainment.
That is interesting.
I guess it's going to be...
Oh, God, I hope that's not the actual...
Oh, no.
It's the one we were talking about before, Angel Love Online.
I think it's the one where you have to have sex with people and you get impregnated or
something.
What?
What?
There was one, though.
I saw this on Kotaku.
From Q Entertainment?
No.
No.
There's something else.
Angel Love Online is what it's called.
But I swear to God, I thought there was something that you had to impregnate women or something
and then you created new characters based off that or something.
There was some weird thing about that.
Anyways, other things to note real quick.
There's another rumor coming from 1UP's podcast saying that Kingdom Hearts Zero is going to
be announced at Tokyo Game Show and that Crisis Core is not the last Final Fantasy VII game.
I can only hope that Crisis Core is the last Final Fantasy VII game.
There is way too damn many.
You know what?
Kingdom Hearts Zero would make a lot of sense because the creators come out and said the
next game is not Kingdom Hearts 3.
That would be a cute little trick to play.
It's actually Kingdom Hearts Zero.
But here's the thing.
If it doesn't have the Disney tie-in this time, like if that's their way to not have
Disney tie-ins this time, I'm not buying it.
I'm sorry, but the Disney tie-ins make that game.
And then the other thing, this is kind of going to DDR Universe.
Apparently, if you were one of those people that downloaded the download content for Universe
1, it will not be compatible with Universe 2, unlike the UltraMix series where all your
download content was transferable to each additional game.
So sucks if you downloaded that one thing that they had.
So that's interesting.
Well, I think this is kind of cool, something I wouldn't mind looking forward to.
Actually the developer that brought us R-Type, Irem, they're bringing out SteamBot 2 on PS3
for anyone who's interested.
Over in Japan, it's Bumpy Trot, but it's a non-linear action-adventure game.
And there's a comparison made between GTA and Harvest Moon, so I think that'd be pretty
cool.
It'll be announced at Tokyo Game Show.
GTA meets Harvest Moon, that's awesome.
I would exactly...
Milk my cow, now die!
No, it is not that good of a game, trust me.
That would be awesome.
Grand Theft Farmer.
Yeah, that's not quite...
That's it.
Alright, well then if that's it for the last minute stories, then that means it's time
to wrap up this damn show.
Let's go around and get everybody's final thought.
We'll start off with Loki tonight.
Loki, what's your final thought?
My final thought is I don't want to see the next Resident Evil movie.
My final thought is I am craving a Marie Callender's pie right now.
I want pies so bad it hurts.
I had to buy a pie for a potluck and then we left before we even got to dessert.
So my poor pie, I had to leave.
Now I crave a pie.
Poor baby.
I know, poor me.
Dark Soccer, your final thought?
I have to wake up at 4 in the morning because I have to be at work at 6 so that I can leave
at 10 and go to a dentist appointment.
Fortunately for me, it's just a routine cleaning and I always fall asleep.
And then I get to go home.
Lucky you.
It's because I hate the dentist.
These very comfortable chairs at my dentist's office and they're cushy and they're completely
ergonomic.
So when you're laying in them, you're not like, you know, sections propped up.
It's completely curved to your body shape with like memory foam and shit.
And I'm like, I'm going to pass out now.
Do whatever you want to to my teeth.
It's great.
Lucky you.
That's all I have to say.
I love my dentist.
All right.
Well, that's going to do it for the show tonight.
Boys and girls, thank you guys so much for tuning in to us and supporting independent
radio and independent podcasts.
You guys are awesome.
And of course, it's you guys downloading us and participating and letting us know you
care that keeps us going from week to week for almost 250 shows now, if you can believe
it.
But that's going to do it for this week.
Remember, if you like our show, all we ask, tell two people you know about the show because
if everybody tells two people, then slowly we take over the world.
Or if you have no friends, which would be sad and I'm sorry for one, but if you have
no friends, you can tell about the show.
Tell your imaginary friends.
Leave us a review on iTunes, a positive review on iTunes or any other type of site.
Your dig.coms, your Yahoo podcasts, your podcast alley, hell, there's a million of them.
Spread the love.
So thank you guys again and we'll see you next week with more Orange Lounge Radio.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is an Orange Lounge production.
For more information on our live and podcast program, visit our website at www.orangeloungeradio.com.
See you next week.
