Orange Lounge Radio is taped live on Sunday nights and released to our podcast stream twice weekly.
To listen to the first half of this episode, visit www.orangeloungeradio.com
for links to websites with listings of past episodes.
Now the conclusion of this week's episode of Orange Lounge Radio.
Welcome back to Orange Lounge Radio. This is part B of our podcast, taped live on September 9th, 2007.
And a lot of you guys have been giving us some feedback in our forums lately on orangeloungeradio.com
on our forums that you guys want to see part B of the podcast a little bit sooner than you're seeing it today.
So you will get the part B of our podcast a little bit sooner.
Very soon we're going to change the order in which, well not the order, but the speed first.
Yeah, you're not going to get part B first, but we'll change the speed in which we get the podcast out to you guys very soon.
And we're going to be making some changes with episode 250, which is coming up very soon if you can believe it.
Yikes. It's very, very soon.
Alright. So, let's get back into some gaming news, shall we?
Alright. We shall. So some interesting trademarks
were made from Nintendo, and of course some things people wondering what they are,
including a Wii body controller, which people are thinking is just the balance
board or whatever it was called before because it wasn't the final name.
Another one Wii handle, which could possibly be either a new controller or possibly something that has to do with, you know,
your online name or something like that.
Nintendo Magic, which unfortunately is going to be a DS game.
It's to teach you how to do magic.
And Mii Audition, which is supposed to be that everybody votes channel for, you know, your Miis.
And then, that's it.
So, also they renewed the Peekman trademark.
So, maybe we'll see a new Peekman game for the Wii.
And, yeah. So, that's it.
I thought Nintendo Magic is what it's going to take for them to do some more online gaming.
Some magic.
No, actually the game already came out in Japan and it's coming out over here in November.
So, it's like a teaching you magic game.
Alright. Very cool.
Well, there's actually a lot of third-party stuff going on with the Nintendo Wii.
And this, of course, is if you want to listen to what Satoru Iwata, the president of Nintendo, has to say.
Quote, I believe that third-party publishers kind of look at the software titles that are being sold on Nintendo.
They don't want Nintendo to have more than one-third.
Otherwise, Nintendo will be too strong.
They want to have two-thirds of what's being sold on the platform.
I believe that the job of first-party software is to drive hardware.
If you don't have a quick impact and a quick dissemination amongst the audience, you lose momentum.
If you don't have momentum, the third-parties don't want to jump on your platform.
So, that's not a good situation to be in.
It's interesting because a lot of people have been paralleling what's going on with the Wii here to the Nintendo DS,
where there wasn't a lot of stuff available for the DS when it first came out.
It took a long time for the titles to really start coming in.
And even Satoru Iwata is aware of this.
Quote, the same thing that happened to the Wii, a lot of the same conversations took place when the DS was launched.
And that's because Nintendo was really the only one that was very focused on that user expansion goal we've talked about so often,
and because we are creating unique software that no one else is creating.
The phenomenon of Nintendo software selling was insane.
Hmm. Kind of interesting there.
Where do you think the future lies for Nintendo as far as the third-party softwares go, and what's in the future for us?
Well, hopefully people will exhaust the stupid ports that they're going to make, and we actually get some better games.
We really need new, innovative, original content.
I guess I can agree with both of that.
And Nintendo, I think, needs to open up a bit more of those little things they like to sit on
and then announce later when their own stuff comes out,
need to make things more available to the other developers, I think.
I would certainly agree with that.
So they need to open up the online stuff a little faster, and the DS connectivity, you know,
even though I guess they kind of did that with Pokémon, is, you know, more. Open that up a little more.
We need more, please.
Well, another very interesting development is that
Harvey Birdman, Attorney-at-Law, is coming to the Wii in November.
That looks hilarious.
But it's actually being put out by Capcom,
and it's going to be, and I quote, a fully animated interactive adventure game.
So, um, maybe it's going to be fun?
Think of Phoenix Wright, but just with the Cartoon Network humor, it's hilarious.
And there's, like, they showed one video of it where, like, I guess Guile is in the stands,
and some woman's, like, rubbing his nipples or something.
It was really weird stuff.
But it's, like, it's hilarious.
It's Phoenix Wright, but just not taking itself seriously at all.
I would like to say I saw that at Comic-Con this year,
and what little I played of it was really crappy.
Well, then again, Phoenix Wright doesn't really take itself very seriously.
Did you see the pun that they put in the last Phoenix Wright game?
No, I don't play those games.
Oh, it was, they did this as Sparta.
It was, like, crazy.
Wow, this is not, this is totally original!
This is Sparta!
300, I get it.
Anyways, something that is totally original,
a game by Square Enix that's not featuring any Final Fantasy characters.
Wait, how can this, is there any Dragon Quest characters in it?
Uh, I don't think so.
Star Ocean!
Is it Tales of Blank?
Blank of Mana?
What is it?
It is a puzzle game.
So, hooray!
Well, you know what, you joke about,
Ergeist II, please? No, it's not Ergeist II, that would be fucking awesome, though, seriously.
I would kill for another Ergeist, that would be great.
No, we need, if they have Einhander, they need Zweihander
as the sequel. Two-handed.
No, it's going to be a game called Josumen,
and it's a web puzzler in which you arrange blocks into squares
and rectangles and destroy them.
Wow, that sounds like every other puzzle game.
Ever.
No, but seriously, though, I mean, at least they're kind of making something a little different.
I remember, was it, um, there's going to be the, uh,
Puzzle Day Harvest Moon coming out in October, so it's like, ooh.
Um, Dark Tetsuya says,
What they don't tell you is that Cloud and Sephiroth are unlockable characters.
That comment coming from our chatroom at chat.orangelaungeradio.com.
Whatever, Sephiroth, Sephiroth, whatever, I don't care.
Who cares? Overplayed, that's his name. Overplayed.
Tomato, tomato.
Uh, and Druunami says,
Tales of blank is Namco Bandai.
You know, that's true, and yet I said it anyway, and I knew that.
It's weird.
Like I said, I'm broken tonight, remember?
It's because of all the cocaine you've been doing.
Apparently.
I don't do drugs, that's not cool.
All right, but what is cool is the Virtual Console,
and what's really, really super cool, Donkey Kong Jr. Math.
That made, you know I actually had a Donkey Kong Jr. Math cartridge, go figure.
Uh, but I, I saw it for like two bucks once, and I thought, ooh, this'll be a collector's item Sunday.
Yeah, I was wrong.
But anyway, Donkey Kong Jr. Math has made its way to the Virtual Console this week.
I guess you could say it was part of like a whole back to school type thing,
because it did come out, of course it's 500 points for Donkey Kong Jr. Math, which by the way,
way too much money for Donkey Kong Jr. Math.
Here, I have a suggestion for you guys.
Here's what you should do.
For, you know, 500 points or five bucks, you could buy Donkey Kong Jr. Math.
Yeah, that may sound like a good deal for you, but how about this?
Spend just a little bit more money, buy Animal Crossing for the GameCube,
and guess what, look, you've got a bunch of Virtual Console games right there.
By the way, Animal Crossing is one of those backwards compatible games as well, right?
Exactly, and um, it's probably around 20 bucks right now, if not cheaper.
Goddamn, I can't wait for Animal Crossing Wii.
Even if the DS one was a little bit disappointing, because it was kind of the same thing,
like I really hope they kind of like change it up and make Animal Crossing Wii just awesome.
You know what, I was actually using the Japanese GameCube one as a training tool to help me read better,
because it doesn't use any kanji except for like really simple ones,
and they say, you know how they say every letter?
And so when they talk it sounds like...
It still sounds that way, but you can actually hear a little bit more of it like they're actually saying it.
Right.
And so I found it actually to be very educational,
and I kind of hope that they'd have like a language mode in the release that we get.
I think that'd be a good idea.
You never know, it might happen.
Be very cool.
Also, I want to point out what also came out on the Virtual Console,
Adventure Island, which was one of the very first NES games I ever owned.
Adventure Island is also out, and if you want to hop over to the Genesis,
Landstalker, The Treasures of King Knoll,
as well as Bonk 3, Bonk's Big Adventure on the TurboGrafx-16.
Just a note for those of you guys listening on the podcast,
this would be last week's releases by the time you guys hear this,
but for our live listeners on Sunday,
that's all the stuff that came out for you guys this week.
By the way, also, we have a very important message from SSJ100Matt in our chat room right now.
Apparently there's one of those character battles going on on gamefacts.com right now,
and it should be noted now.
Again, this only really will work for those of you guys on Sunday night,
but it should be noted that our beloved,
one of our favorite game characters of all time,
Pyramid Head is in the running right now in the character battle,
and Pyramid Head needs more votes.
He's up against Auron from Final Fantasy,
Chris Redfield from, I believe, Resident Evil, right?
And Shadow the Hedgehog from, of course, the Sonic series.
But Pyramid Head needs your help,
so please go vote for Pyramid Head,
or else we will send him to your house to rape you.
That's all.
I voted.
Did you vote for Pyramid Head?
I am very proud of you.
That's all I have to say on Virtual Console,
and go vote Pyramid Head.
I have things to say on Virtual Console.
Well, isn't that nice?
It's all Sega.
Sega, Sega, Sega, Sega, Sega,
or in this case for the UK, Mega.
Mega Drive Games.
We have Sonic the Hedgehog 3, which is really good.
And then one of my personal favorites, Ghouls and Ghosts,
which is really still freaking hard even to this day,
because it's like, let's play Ghouls and Ghosts,
blah, blah, blah, beat Satan.
Oh, I have to play again.
Shit.
So that's, by the way, Ghouls and Ghosts in a nutshell.
And then we have E-Swat, City Under Siege,
which actually is a game that Dan and I played a little bit of.
Could be like E-Swat for some reason.
And then we have Shining in the Darkness, which is an OK game.
And then there was Crackdown.
I don't remember that.
You know, I really need to go back and play some more Crackdown.
I remember the Crackdown that came out on 360 a little while ago.
This is two words, Crackdown.
Oh, that's an old-ass game.
And maybe it had a different name over here.
I don't know.
Why is it that the folks in the UK get completely different releases?
Why don't they just make it the same for everybody?
You have to save the world from evil cyborgs and then bomb them.
That's kind of cool.
But just to let our listeners overseas know,
they are 800 points apiece,
translated to 5 pounds 60 and 8 euros.
So there you go.
All right, check it out if you're in the UK
and need some more virtual console games.
Now to kind of switch gears to something a little different.
Square Enix was saying that PlayStation 3
needs their marketing to be straightened up.
And I think basically referring to,
this is kind of going back to the stories we were talking about in part A
where they were calling it a computer,
strictly a home media center or something like that.
Because basically according to Wada,
he says, Sony first unveiled the PlayStation 3
as a mighty home electronics product.
Then after some badgering from game companies,
it shifted the position of the console closer to a game machine.
The future of the PlayStation 3 would be tough
if its marketing strategy is not straightened up.
And to be honest, I can kind of agree with him a little bit.
If you've seen any of the marketing that they've done
in the UK, especially with this is living,
it makes no fucking sense whatsoever.
And even now, I remember the first commercials that came out for the PlayStation 3
with the crying baby doll and weird shit like that,
it made no fucking sense.
Luckily now though, they show gameplay during their commercials
and just kind of leave it at that.
That is what they need to be doing.
So it sounds like they're kind of smartening up a little bit,
but my god, do not fucking let the people that did the advertising campaign in the UK
get a hold of anything.
In fact, they should all be fired.
Or the people that did the All I Want for Xmas is at PSP.com?
Yeah.
Yeah, all fired. Good stuff.
They all should be sacked.
And then the people that sacked them will be sacked as well.
And then they'll do them again at great expense with llamas.
Alright, well, moving on to something.
And now for something completely different, so to speak.
This is how not to be seen.
There was of course big announcements in the nerd world this week from Apple.
And Apple is launching just in time for the holiday season.
They are launching all sorts of new crap.
Basically now they have an iPhone without the phone,
which they're calling the new iPod.
They are also releasing a classic iPod.
But what should be noted and what the hell this has to do with gaming
is a new iPod Nano that's coming out.
The new iPod Nano has a little bit more of a wider screen.
And what should also be noted is that not only does the Nano have this,
but the classics ship with this as well.
Some games.
Yes, some games will actually be included with these.
The games will be included Vortex, iQuiz, and Klondike.
iQuiz and Klondike I believe have been available on the store for a little while.
I think Vortex might have been as well.
Vortex is basically like a 3D version of Arkanoid or Breakout, if you will.
Where basically you move the paddle.
And I think that's a pretty creative use of the wheel.
Is that you actually move the little wheel around, which moves the paddle around.
And it's like Breakout.
You're breaking bricks towards the center of the screen.
So, kind of cool.
I played a whole crap ton of Arkanoid back in the day.
Yeah, back in the day.
So, this is kind of interesting and brings to note that,
especially with the release of the iPod without the phone or whatever you want to call it.
It's kind of interesting that Apple does seem to be getting their...
They're sticking their foot in there a little more and more with this whole gaming thing.
And I don't think it's time to say like,
OMG, Apple's going to release a gaming console because we all remember Pippin.
But I think that it's interesting to see, especially when it comes to...
You remember the Pippin?
I completely shoved that out of my head.
I think it would be interesting to see what kind of happens with the whole like,
you know, especially with like classic games.
I'll just tell you...
Sandwich smells.
Get it out of here.
Mmm, sandwich.
Sorry, Eddie.
You can come back when the sandwich is gone.
Here's an old system name that will make you laugh, Rob.
What's that?
Game.com.
Wow.
I have one.
Really?
Yes.
Then again, I also had an N-Gage and we gave it away.
You have a lot of like weird consoles.
So, you also have a lot of weird emails this week, I bet.
Oh, God.
And of course, we always invite our listeners to email us at our website.
Mailbag at orangelonserator.com.
I want one of these, Rob.
And send us some emails.
This is adorable.
What things?
I want one of these iPod things.
Which ones?
The little one with the square looking one.
The Nanos or the...
Is that the Nano?
I actually kind of want an iPhone.
Yeah, that's a Nano.
That's cute.
I actually kind of want an iPhone now that they dropped in price.
We'll say that another day.
Let's do the emails.
Okay.
Mailbag at orangelonserator.com.
Dark Sakura will now open up the mailbag and read a few of her favorites.
At least I'll read a few of the ones that actually have substance to them.
And I'm sorry, Misty.
I did get both of yours.
I'm very sorry that you have to work.
Really sorry.
This one's from our friend, Rob with two Bs.
I read in Nintendo Power the next version of William's classic pinball will include
Gorgar, the first talkie, Black Knight, which inspired David's midnight magic, and Pinbot.
Hooray.
I'm hoping for Z and B to be the flippers for the nunchuck.
And my two bits on Space Giraffe.
Bit one.
I love the arcade's style play and similarity to Tempest 2000.
Bit two.
The blurry visuals are sort of low res and the game's LSD inspired visuals seem to be
there to make the game harder.
It's not as good as Tempest, I'm afraid.
I'd much rather have a crisp vector display than a trippy, blurry, inferior graphic.
At least it was $5 and not $10.
It should also carry an epileptic seizure warning.
I bought it, but I haven't really played it much.
Boredom get.
And one last topic.
PS3 pricing.
The original price was intended for the hardcore gamer.
Not many people wanted it.
It was priced too high for resale on eBay and it was readily available in mid-December.
Did Sony effectively kill the third party market for initial PS3 games?
Did they actually get the money that the eBayers would have gotten?
It's an interesting thought because the answers to both seem to be yes.
They still didn't stop the stabbings and shootings, but I don't blame them for that.
See you later, Rob Bubba.
I like hearing from Rob.
It's been a little while, so.
I actually am really looking forward to this whole pinball game that's going to be on the
Wii that he talked about at the very beginning.
Pinball.
Like, pin-bot and stuff.
I would like to see a reincarnation of the old school pin-bot on the NES as an optional
mode where you could actually have the little aliens come out on the table and try to eat
your ball and all the crazy shit they had on the NES version of the game.
You know what?
What?
Right now our NES is hooked up with pin-bot in it.
That is rad.
Of course, also hooked up to the same receiver is our PS2 with Guitar Hero.
Nice.
Yeah.
Anyway.
Many greetings, Orange Orange Radio.
I'm a big fan of your show.
No, it's not that I like your show a lot.
It's just that a lifetime of Doritos has made me very big.
Wait, who is this?
I'm only joking.
Mr. Patch.
Oh, okay.
I love your show, but for about three months I lost you.
Things really got hectic in my life and schedules got tight, so no time to tune into your show,
but it lasts.
About two months ago, I found you in my crazy life.
I found time for you in my crazy life, and damn, I have been enjoying it.
Anyway, I emailed you to ask you guys about Banjo 3E.
I've emailed before about the Banjo series being on 360 in some form, and from that email
I learned that you really didn't care for Banjo too much.
No, not really.
And I understand it's not the best game for some hardcore gamers, but for me, Banjo Kazooie
really turned me into the gamer I am today.
Anyways, finally, my question.
Do you think Microsoft will push Banjo 3E when its release date comes near, or will
it be a quiet release like some of the other Rare games?
Thanks for taking the time to read this email, and thanks even more if you answer my question
with curse words.
Love, hey, Mr. Patch.
Well, fuck.
Well, listen here, you little fucker.
No.
With shit for brains?
No, I'm kidding.
Heart, heart, heart.
No, we appreciate the email.
Here it is.
Yeah, I'm not the biggest fan of these games, but I think Microsoft will realize that there
is a fan base for the games.
Guys like you, you know?
And I think they will for that reason definitely try to get it out there that, hey, it's back.
Banjo Kazooie comes back.
And I think you will see a little bit of a marketing campaign like that.
I don't think it's going to be near the size that you would see for one of their AAA titles,
but I don't see any reason why I won't get some notability.
I don't think it'll be a quiet release by any means.
There you go.
I think of Banjo Kazooie, and for some reason I always think of Pandemonium.
Do you remember that game, Rob?
No.
Pandemonium was a side-scrolling, very bizarre game, but I actually have the Japanese version
of it, which was Magical Hoppers, and they re-pixeled it or whatever.
But I don't know why, but it's always one of those...
I always think of those very early PlayStation 1 games and the early Nintendo games, and
every game that's come out since then that's in that franchise, like Spyro, I always lump
them into that one category that I label, Why God?
Why?
SSJ100Matt in our chat room at chat.ornishonorsready.com says, Fuck Banjo.
Give me a new fucking Killer Instincts.
Ooh.
Why so much love for Killer Instincts?
Because I've also seen people with a lot of hate for Killer Instinct.
Keep in mind, I played a shit ton of the first Killer Instinct when it...
How many pounds in a shit ton?
I'm going to give my homage to Don French right now.
I played croc shits of Killer Instinct when I was in college, and KI2 was very exciting
to me when it came out, except that I hated that they changed all of Orchid's moves.
But it was very, very cool for me, and even to the point where Dan had it on his Super
Nintendo when I lived in Alabama, to the point that he kept starting over and over until
it started off with Orchid's level so he could copy the music for me.
Isn't that romantic?
That's very sweet.
Anyway, next email.
Aw, barf.
Combo Breaker, next email please.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Oi Peeps, this is no Soul Boy.
Alcohol and Tylenol can kill you.
Prime 3.
Oh yeah, you weren't here last week.
I was actually, you know what I did last week?
It was my anniversary.
Weren't you seeing Weirdo?
I did more than that.
On Friday night, Dan and I hung out and did stuff on, well actually I hung out online
and talked to people, and then Dan and I did a couple of things.
Saturday we went to Benihana, and I drank a lot.
And Sunday, I cracked open my bottle of Metaxa, which I was going to bring over, and you said
you were sick.
So I was like, I don't want to get sick, not on my anniversary, so I said I'm not going
to hang out with Bob.
It wasn't contagious, whatever it was.
It's gone, thank God.
Rob had the rocket pneumonia and the boogie woogie flu.
Here's the thing, and I do want to apologize if I came off like an idiot, but I did say
something about, I had been taking Tylenol because I was sick, and I was drinking because
I don't care, and I said something like, it's not going to kill me.
Here's the thing, I am not, obviously if you drink a lot and you take a lot of Tylenol,
yes, that can kill you.
I'm not stupid, and you know, I've seen a lot of kids do a lot of stupid things, unfortunately
in my lifetime.
But here's the thing, a little tiny bit, it wasn't that much Tylenol, it really wasn't,
it wasn't that much liquor I drank last week either.
I think little bits, like a lot of things, moderation is okay, overdoing it, not okay.
So the more you know, NBC, there you go.
Can I finish my email now?
You may.
Prime 3, you can die if you don't kill Meta Ridley in time.
Yes, I suck, but give me a break.
Second Wii game I ever played.
I'm a Mac lover, but iPhones are for people with too much money and too much to do.
Finished Bioshock, that part that scared me was when the Spicers started playing Dead.
Oh, and also the huge room with the water on the floor and the plaster covered ballet
dancers, very creepy.
I listened to your podcast and Game Theory.
As a designer, I'd really like to hear more about excellent game design as opposed to
graphics or effects.
For instance, on the DC Phantasy Star Online's UI and menu system, amazingly fluid and functional
during gameplay.
Hell yes!
That was, you know, one of the biggest things that I hated about Phantasy Star Universe
is that the menus in Phantasy Star Online were so much freaking better.
Okay, so I'm going to keep going.
Or for anyone who's ever played a squad game to compare it to the four player action in
Crystal Chronicles on GameCube.
People started working together in a way that is just genius and it's totally obvious that
it was the intent of the designers.
Or how about most of the games by Treasure?
A-freaking-men.
Talk about walking out on a limb and creating amazing experiences.
These games are perfect arguments for the game as art debate.
You know what?
Treasure is just, okay, Treasure gave us Ikaruga.
They gave us Bongio.
I love Bongio.
Oh my God.
The game is so cool.
They gave us Silhouette Mirage, which is just, it was, when it came out, it was like something
nobody had ever seen, you know, no one had ever seen anything like that before.
Even that dorky little chameleon twist game was cool.
I mean, Treasure is all about the innovation in gameplay.
You know, another game that you're talking about having people work together is Pac-Man
vs. where you have three people on individual game, it's GBAs actually, or a Game Boy SP
because of the connector that they use for it, but they control the ghost and you have
your person as Pac-Man.
You know, I got to hand it to the GameCube.
Those games that had the connectivity between the DS and the GameCube were a heck of a
lot of fun.
Like the Four Swords Adventures, I had a lot of fun playing that game with some of my friends.
It's kind of a shame because you see that potential available on the PlayStation 3 and
the PSP and the whole Wii DS thing, you know, without needing everybody having to have a
cable.
Remember, that was the thing.
It's like, sure, a lot of people had Crystal Chronicles, but nobody could play it the right
way because you could never find enough of those damn cables to hook up your DS, or not
your DS, your Game Boy to the system and everything.
But, you know, a lot of people, a lot of people have a DS now these days, so it would be so
easy to do something with the whole Wii and the Wi-Fi and kind of bring back those types
of games.
It would be awesome.
Then you can do the touch and the motion and there's a lot of potential there that I'm
hoping is explored in the next couple of years.
Yes, Eddie's back.
Hey, I'm back.
Yeah, no, I agree because what I was thinking is that on a lot of those games it would be
cool as if the DS was like a device in the game and like if it was like a spy sort of
espionage game, like you would get like secret messages on your DS or something like that
and it would, you know, light up or something like that.
I think that would be cool, like you're saying, make it more like reality, you know, just
make it really interactive with the game.
I think that would be awesome.
You know what else I thought was cool, kind of speaking of that, was that whole, you know,
in a Red Steel, like you could, you'd put the Wii mode up to your ear because it has
a speaker in there and it would tell you what your objective was, like, hey, you need to
kill player three or whatever it is.
That was lame.
It sounded cool, but it was lame.
I know.
Unfortunately, the game turned out to be kind of dumb, but I think the idea was good and
I can recognize that that was, you know, especially for a launch title, that was a pretty neat
usage of the stuff.
Because they could do that like if the phone's ringing in the game or something, like you
put the Wii mode up to your ear or something like that and press A and then it's like,
you know, they're talking on the phone.
That'd be cool.
Well, you can do that in WarioWare.
That's one of the mini games.
Yeah, you pick up the phone and then you hear it coming out the speaker and the Wii mode,
hello, hello.
It's really funny.
That kind of little shit goes a long way.
I love it.
So, there you have it.
All right.
Sorry, that's my response to the email.
I don't even know if that's what they were looking for, but there you have it.
Um, okay.
I'm adjusting.
Wedgies?
No.
This chair's like sitting on, it's like the princess and the pea, you know, where you've
got, hey.
What?
I'm asking where it would be in Tylenol.
It's in the bathroom.
Yeah, I believe I do.
Yes, I'll go show you where the Tylenol is.
Jamie reads more emails.
Look at the left side of the cabinet.
This chair's like the princess and the pea, you know, where you have all this cushion,
but you feel that one lump that's like, I can't sit in this chair.
That's it.
Okay, princess.
Next email.
Hi to you, other lady folks.
Wave.
Anyway, I went to Project Revolution Tour here in Chicago and me and my friend got there
around 1.30.
I found out the band I really wanted to see, Linkin Park, wasn't playing until 9.30.
So me and my friend hung out and walked around for a few hours and then we saw MSI, and that
was cool.
Now, upon walking around, I discovered a tent that had two long banners that just had three
on them and believe, 9.25.07 at the bottom, you know, so I was like, do one and asked
the two guys standing there if I could go in.
They said that it was a private party.
After this, I just kind of listened hard as much as you can at a rock concert, and I heard
the distinctive noise of shields recharging.
I knew I had to get in.
That was before, as mindless self-indulgence, okay, I was like, hey, that's a band I like.
Now, fast forward to the end of the MSI show, I went back to find the tent open with quite
a few people inside.
I stood there with a few other people and knew I was going to get in somehow.
Unfortunately, one guy gave out three passes to three people around me.
I stuck around, though, and saw none other than Jay Wineland, the head sound designer
for Bungie.
I pointed to him and said, hey, you're Jay, right?
The sound guy.
He just nodded and smiled and said, wow, that was good, kind of creepy, but good, and disappeared
for a sec, and then he came back with a pass for me to get in.
I was all happy, got his autograph, and went and played.
Let me tell you, Narrows is going to be a classic map.
This is about Halo 3, by the way.
Seriously, the build he had wasn't final, but you could tell it almost was because the
fourth grenade was up there.
Unfortunately, all we had were the following maps, High Ground, Valhalla, Snowbound, Narrows,
Epitaph, Last Resort, and Sandtrap.
One thing I loved about the game overall, everything was colorful.
I don't mean bright colors everywhere, but it was just vibrant.
I couldn't see clearly 100% of the time, but unlike in Halo 2, where I have to turn the
brightness up a ton, it looked much better than Gears of War.
Anyway, I didn't see much new stuff.
I really did get to see a game of Infection slash Zombies, though, which I didn't quite
understand.
Weird shrug.
So, around 7.30 to 8 o'clock or so, Mike, Rob, and Joe from Linkin Park walk in and
just sit down and start playing.
Everyone in the room outside who didn't get in was all OMG for a while, and people just
sat down and played.
I played too.
I totally kicked their butts.
Mike and Joe, the rapper and DJ, were pretty good, and you could tell Rob the drummer doesn't
play much.
I hung around Rob, got his autograph as well, and Mike's later, but Rob was there.
As long as I don't get last place, I'm good, and he didn't.
He did pretty good.
Oh, and that was pretty much the highlight of my summer and definitely the best concert
I've ever been to.
Here's any pictures of the event.
So I will actually save this email so that we can put this up on the website.
How's that sound?
Rad.
Yeah, you should put the pictures up, because I was actually looking at that email earlier
this week.
And that's from Sycoon, by the way.
That's our buddy Sycoon.
Good job, Sycoon, with your field reporting.
More emails.
Hey.
Yes.
Hey, OLR crew.
There are quite a few new games coming out that are being reported as having short play
times.
Heavenly Sword, for example, is just six to ten hours.
Now, I don't have a problem with short games, but I do have a problem with paying 60 bucks
for them, so I decided to join Gamefly to rent those shorter games and play them through
without the heavy cost.
Am I not supporting the industry by joining Gamefly?
Without this option, I certainly would have bought Heavenly Sword Lair and the sword at
the full price and finished them in a week or two, thus putting more money directly into
the industry.
Do you think long-term renting options like Gamefly are bad for the industry?
And why is it that every time I pick my nose, it's full again after a few minutes?
Dark Raven.
Okay, wow.
You know what?
Blockbuster didn't kill the movie industry.
And Netflix certainly hasn't damaged it either, so why would Gamefly kill the games industry?
Because Gamefly still has to buy all those games from the publishers to get out to rent.
It all depends on how you see it.
I'm sure the publishers don't like Gamefly, but there's nothing really they can do about
it.
I mean, because, I don't know, one argument you could say, well, people are just going
to rent games and they're not going to buy them, so, you know, we want people buying
our games, not renting them.
But on the other hand, though, people rent the game, like it, and then maybe buy it.
Yeah, make a game worth buying and people will buy it, right?
Because how many times, seriously, that's what it boils down to.
How many people, I mean, I know I did this when I was a kid all the time, I would rent
a game and I would love it so much, I'd be like, Mommy, Mommy, buy it for me for Christmas,
and she would, because she loved me.
At least that's what she told me.
To my face.
So there you go.
Yeah, it's your face behind your back.
Anyway.
Hey, OLR, I know you guys have been looking for someone who doesn't like Bioshock, and
even with my praises sung a few episodes ago, I have major complaint about the game after
getting the retail version.
It's far too dark and things that are shooting at you are impossible to see because they're
either too far away and have deadly aim or you can't see them because the whole place
is freaking dark.
Has anyone else had this problem?
I can't be the only one.
The story is going to keep me going through the game, though, it's very intriguing.
Cheers and keep up the podcasting AZHP.
I really want to hear, I mean, that was a good email, but I really want to hear from
people that, like, fucking hate Bioshock, but not just because I said so, like, I really
want to hear a really good counterpoint to the whole, you know, everybody loves Bioshock.
There's always somebody that doesn't, I mean, there's two sides to every story, so somewhere
on the internet there is somebody that hates Bioshock for a good reason.
I want to know why, and I want to know that reason.
I did see something like that on Kotaku, it was from The Consumerist, I want to say.
But was it somebody just trying to be funny?
I don't know if they're trying to be funny.
Because I think I saw something, it was just somebody trying to be funny, like, it wasn't
real, you know, I want to hear, like, some real, like, I hate Bioshock and this is why.
Please.
And the last email is actually, wow, kind of long.
It's mostly suggestions for games to do on the show, so I'm going to skip down to the
actual gaming part.
To make this email a little more video game related, I'm a Wii PS2 owner that just is
about ready to pounce on the Xbox 360, now the premium has HDMI and a price cut.
But since I've already waited this long, should I wait a little bit longer?
And until the Falcon 65nm chips come out?
Okay.
Or with the three year warranty, should I just finally pick one up?
A friend of mine just picked up an Xbox 360 Premium without the HDMI and it died within
a week, and not with the Red Rings of Death.
Any game played would instantly lock up after five minutes of turning the system on and
it wasn't in a cramped cabinet either.
Makes me a little tentative about getting one with the hotter 90nm chips, or if it does
have the extra heat sink.
Since it's not Red Rings of Death and not covered in the extended warranty, although
you're still able to take it back to the store, this got long still ended here, and it's by
hailstorm in our forums.
Very cool.
I didn't see this email earlier in the week, and I'm looking at the ideas.
It just came.
Yeah, I love some of these ideas that are in there.
That's great.
In fact, one of the games he suggests we do on here is Family Feud, and that's something
I've been trying to do, like put together, but I can't figure out a good way to do it.
So I like some of these suggestions.
I'm going to read through this in more detail later.
But anyway, the meat and potatoes of the interview here down there.
Should I get an Xbox 360 now or wait?
Here's the deal.
I honestly think it'll be, I mean, maybe they'll do a little tiny chip set switcheroo, but
I don't think it'll be that big a deal.
The games they're putting out now, I mean, any game they put out is going to be designed
to run flawlessly on the, well, if all the testing is done the way it should be, to run
as best as it can on the consoles that are out now.
So I wouldn't worry so much about waiting for a chip set, and here's the thing, if you're
waiting for price reduction, new package or whatever, ain't going to happen for a year
till next Christmas season, or at least well after Christmas.
So I would say, unless you're prepared to wait six months for some significant changing
in the structures, price, offerings of the 360, just go get one now.
Honestly, as long as you document, I think, whatever happens, we've actually only had
to return one system, but I think that we did it through the store itself, and we've
actually got the elite now, Dan and I do, and it's, we've never had a problem.
And if you're also worried about that whole, oh, I went out and got an iPhone, oh shit,
they just dropped the price by 200 bucks, I got screwed, don't worry, that won't happen.
Well, there's a rebate, too.
Yeah, well, I guess now they're doing the $100 rebate or whatever, but still, I know
some people who bought an iPhone that weren't happy when they heard that announcement.
I know a lot of people weren't.
I'm sure I know who you're referring to.
Several people I know weren't happy, but yeah.
Well, um, oh, shoot, I was going to say something else about the Xbox 360, oh, yeah, I, though
have not seen what the HD movies look like on the Xbox 360, but I have seen an HD movie,
and I kind of like Blu-ray better, I hate to say it.
The quality is exactly the same.
Well, and, you know, and that's so, am I the only one that's not that intensely excited
about this next gen of video?
I mean, it's like, DVD, yeah, DVD was a huge, I mean, it was a huge contrast from VHS, but
I'm like, eh, the picture's a little better, I'm like, I don't know.
Actually, actually, actually, as a laserdisc player owner, I was very upset with a lot
of DVDs that came out, because, um, keep in mind that with laserdisc, you actually had
much less compression.
My laserdiscs of Tron, because I have the big, the nice special box set, are infinitely
better than the DVDs of Tron.
Here's the thing about the whole next gen thing, is that what's out there now is just
a bunch of bullshit, but you have to think about the finish line, because when all is
said and done, what else is going to move into the next generation of video?
Porn.
And, you know, when they start making HD, DVD, and Blu-ray porn, you are so there in
the next generation of video.
They already have that, and I'm not so there.
And they're rawr!
Rob, we still need to see Pirates.
Oh, don't they have Pirates on HD?
And Blu-ray.
Ooh!
I think I'm going to get the Blu-ray.
I used to work at a video store, and people would be like, you know, I want to return
this movie, because when I pause it, I couldn't see the picture, and it's like, okay.
Okay, listen.
I do have HD porn.
I stream it to my 360, because, thank you, media center extender.
But you know what, Black Boy, that's what Black Boy says in chat, is, Black Boy says,
who goes out and buys porn discs?
It's all download today.
Here's the thing, no, I'm not saying I'm going to go buy the porn discs.
I am someone who buys a lot of porn.
Here's the thing, though.
I'm waiting for the discs to come out, so someone can rip them and put them on the internet,
and then I can download them.
See?
Well, you really need to get out, I mean, seriously, this stuff's out there already.
For the record, the only reason I have a Blu-ray player is because we actually bought a PS3.
I'm not saying it's horrible, I'm just saying, I'm not saying it's horrible, I'm just like,
I'm not that, I was like, really, really wanting to get a DVD when they came out, a DVD player,
and I'm not, I'm like, eh, you know, I can wait until they battle it out between HD and
Blu-ray.
I'm sort of thinking about, if I did buy a new computer, I think the next one I get will
be a VIO because all the new VIOs come out with Blu-ray players, and they cost the same
that my old one did when I got it new.
Hmmm.
Mm-hmm.
Or meh.
Meh.
Is that it for emails?
Yes, Rob.
That's it.
Buy mailbag.
Alright.
Now what?
Back into some news.
Yes, news.
So anyways, this is not surprising, but it's actually pretty cool.
Manhunt 2 has leaked out online, and that would be the uncensored beta from European
regions because it is in PAL format, so of course everybody's been jumping on the bit
to actually play it.
No word if it's any, you know, if it plays well or not because it is beta, but I'm definitely
going to find out.
Ew, Mr. DeBucket in chat says Manhunt 2 has neck raping.
Is that true?
That's gross.
Ew.
I don't know, but I heard there's something about ripping off testicles in the game.
Ahhh!
It sounds awesome.
Eddie just covered his balls in the studio.
That game sounds great.
I cannot wait to play this on the Wii.
If you're a woman, and you don't have balls.
Oh my God.
How would you like it if some chick got her titties ripped off?
That's similar.
Hey, you know what?
It's going to be some crazy interactivity where you move out the Wiimote and then yank
it back to yank off the testicles.
Exactly.
It'd be like the harpoon in Zelda.
Oh my God.
Okay, the chatroom said apparently it's a running gag on All Games Interactive, one
of our buddy shows.
Neck raping is some type of joke.
Neck raping is not a joke.
That's not a fucking joke.
That's gross.
What if someone has a tracheotomy?
Ew, you want to fuck somebody's hole that you said a tracheotomy?
That's disgusting!
I was trying to think how would that work?
And I would think that it would have to either be someone with their head chopped off or
a tracheotomy.
That would be a two-part explicit episode this week.
Congratulations, crew.
You've done good.
They could talk to you while they're giving you a blow job.
They could.
I'm so glad you're not holding a microphone right now.
And that Op11 is down.
Oh my God.
That's wrong.
Now you just need a smoker.
Tracheotomy, man.
I started playing Manhunt 2 and I'll tell you it's not funny.
Wow.
Anyway, the guy who directed Doom is directing the new Street Fighter movie and it's probably
going to be just as shitty as the old one.
The end.
Yeah, I think that about says it.
I mean, gosh, there was an awful lot of internet articles about it, but I think Jamie summed
it up very well.
Here you go.
Yep.
I'm brilliant.
I really hope they don't destroy some guy's wonderful movie career and then that guy dies,
like kind of like Raul Julia, like his last movie role was M. Bison, you know, or at least
his last big screen movie role was M. Bison and Raul Julia was awesome.
Like who didn't love Gomez Adams, but anyway.
All I know is that when I hear about the shitty video game trends, shitty-os, shitty-os, new
shitty-os from the makers of Doom, the movie, it's brand new shitty-os.
You know what?
Forget the story.
When I can't talk for an entire night, I get angsty and that means it's F.U.'s of the week
time.
F.U.'s of the week time.
Start off with Dark Sakura.
F.U. goes to my sinuses for making F.U. goes to my toilet.
We have a, we've had this clog in our pipes that what happens is that it makes the toilet
back up or it backs up, it backs up, well, sewage into our tub and it sucks.
So our landlord came out and it was digging around the pipes trying to fix it, so I hope
it sticks by the time we get home.
Yes, you can say an F.U. to a video game company, Eddie.
F.U. to LucasArts for saying, we're considering making a game for the Wii.
I'm like, fuck you.
I mean, oh my god, this is like the best system ever and that like, LucasArts is awesome and
they need to like get out their ass and stop thinking about it and actually make a game
for the Wii.
So fuck you, LucasArts.
I should say Eddie is an unapologetic Nintendo fanboy, right?
Exactly, exactly.
Has a Sony or Microsoft product or Sega product, for that matter, ever been in your house?
Never.
Fanboy.
Alright, Logie.
Uh, fuck you to crappy pizza, especially at John's Incredible Pizza, because it was not
incredible, it was incredibly crappy.
Although, props to that-
It probably gave you incredible diarrhea, too.
No, it did not give me incredible diarrhea, but it was just like, it was like, wow, I
can tell you spent a lot of money on this, what, there's a whole like two pepperonis
on this pepperoni pizza they have?
I mean, seriously, it's just, it was pretty lame, but uh, whatever.
Uh, I want to give an F.U. first off to my voice, because apparently I can't talk at
all tonight, and it's really ruining the show for me.
Uh, and then I just want to give an F.U. to, um, people that start out like really nice,
like they want to be your best friend in the world, and like, you know, oh I love you and
da da da, and then they turn into like a total psycho-host beast.
I'm not talking about you, Jamie, although you've done that, too.
No, no, no, I'm talking about work-related situations.
I, I actually was actually thinking, you said that and I started thinking about, started
thinking about somebody.
What?
I'm not gonna say my name.
Oh.
I can probably think about it, yeah.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, I know what you're talking about.
Alright.
Haha.
O.L.R. rumors you guys will never know about, so that's all I wanted to say, F.U. too.
Anyways, um, so, EverQuest, yeah, that wonderful game, EverQuest, um, EverQuest 1 and 2 have
added a brand new card game called Legends of Norrath, and, um, yeah, I guess it's gonna
be, um, Oath, the Oathbound series will feature 375 cards in a 55 card starter deck for $9.99
and 15 card booster packs for $2.99, and the game is playable from EverQuest 1 or 2, although
there will be a stand-alone client, um, due out for free in September, actually this week,
on Wednesday.
So, um, I don't know, just trying to cash in, I guess, on the collectible card games.
And EverQuest, it's such a, you know, uh, new product, I don't know.
These MMOs last forever, I mean, if you think about it, Final Fantasy XI is five years old,
if you can believe it, so these MMOs last forever.
They really do.
So.
Alright.
Uh, anyway, speaking of MMOs, I have a comment.
What?
Yes.
How old is Final Fantasy?
Five years.
Just old enough to be raped now.
What is wrong with you?
You missed our discussion on neck-raping earlier.
Really?
Ow!
That's what you get for watching, thank you for punching him, that's what you get for
watching Battlestar Galactica during the show.
Now stay quiet until the next, your segment, alright?
Alright.
Fine.
Uh, moving on, speaking of MMOs, there is a new Missed Online episode coming soon to
Missed Online, which of course is part of the GameTap service.
It actually just debuted this weekend, and it's called Deception.
There's a new guild system being built into the game.
It's going to have a guild, actually I think there's already a guild system, but now the
guilds are getting pubs, and so you can actually meet up in this pub, and some new storylines
are being added into the game.
And of course Missed Online is a part of GameTap, so if you're a GameTap subscriber, you get
access to Missed Online.
I played Missed Online for like three days, but I found it to be really, like I didn't
know what the hell I was doing.
Like there needs to be a little more, like even though I thought it was cool, they had
like live actors that actually did introductions and initiations, I just wish there had been
a little more like, what the fuck do I do with this game, like kind of like talk.
So that's all, but otherwise I thought Missed Online was actually a really good looking
game, and considering I like GameTap as it is already, and I swear I'm not on their payroll,
I think it's a nice addition, I mean you pay next to nothing for it with all the other
crap that's there, so it's pretty cool.
Well, how is this for happy and sad at the same time?
You know what, it's the Dreamcast's birthday, poor, poor Dreamcast, how we miss you, 8th
birthday of the Dreamcast.
8 years, wow, that's not very long, would you consider how long ago the Dreamcast was
now?
They brought us though, we had Power Stone, Bongio, Ikaruga, Choo Choo Rocket, Soul Edge,
Soul Calibur, Rezz, lots and lots of shit, Shenmue, and the fact that you could hack
it to play Nintendo games, oh you didn't even really hack it, you just bring your own, huh,
Blingcast was cool, and they had a Pepsi Man game, and the Dreamcast love is still out
there because there's still a bunch of shit being made for it, not a bunch, it's still
awesome, I love the Dreamcast, so there you go, I have two of them because I stole mats,
I have two Dreamcast's as well, I need that back, alright Logie, alright kids, guess what
time it is, Burrito Day, no it's not Burrito Day, that's tomorrow, it's time for one of
our favorite segments here on Orange Lounge Radio, the Match Game, that's right, we will
soon be introducing the stars here in the studio for the Match Game, we need to get
some contestants, so please give us a call here on Skype, our username is Orange Lounge
Radio, or our phone number, 1-877-GAME-OLR, we're going to look for the first person who
calls in on Skype, we'll get to play along with us tonight in Video Game Match Game,
or as some of us call it, Nerd Match Game, so we're just waiting for somebody to call
in on Skype, and also we're going to take people in the chat room, if you want to play
in tonight's chat room, say me in chat, and whoever nickname we like best, who hasn't
gotten to play this a lot before, we'll go ahead and get to play Video Game Match Game
tonight, first of all, let's go to Skypline, who's on the Skypline? Ravenstaufen, yes!
Hi Ravenstaufen, oh lordy, you got through tonight, you get to play Video Game Match
Game with us. That's his mutant power. I fucking love this game, and I'm glad that you love
dolphins. You know what, I fucking love this game too, so we'll get to it in a minute.
I love dolphins! First off, we're going to the, listen to part A if you don't get the
joke, okay, we're going to the chat room to see who wants to play, tell me which one of
these nicknames you guys like best, okay? Eddie, I'm going to ask you Eddie, because
you're never here, which one of these names do you like best that you want to play against
tonight? Dark Tetsuya, Shadow Charlie, GS68, Tiger Claw, DJ Genai, Vervelorino, Solid
Goomba, Ranma, Drunami, Frisbee, Footy Monster, did any of these jump out at you yet? Yeah,
GS68. Because he said me with two I's like a me? Exactly. Alright, GS68 is our contestant
from chat room then, there you go. Good job. Alright, everybody else can shut up now, stop
saying me. Alright, so I'm going to send GS68 a message, you win. Okay, there we go. So,
he'll stand by there. Alright, now let me explain how this works. Ravenstaufen, do you
know how the Video Game Match Game works? I know how to play the match game, and I'm
familiar with the rules, yes, but I can go over them like normal, like a dream Rainbird.
Well thank you, okay, yes, thank you Ravenstaufen for that express permission for me to re-review
the listeners. God damn it, I can't talk tonight. Re-review the rules with the listeners. Alright,
here's how it works. We're going to read three questions for you guys, one at a time, and
each question has a blank in it. Now, you guys will fill in that blank with whatever
you believe will match the most celebrities here in studio, and let me introduce tonight's
celebrities. First, there's myself, Rob Roberts, and also joining us is Kasper the Gay. Hello.
And also joining us is Shane, or Miklotov. Hi. And also, of course, Dark Sakura. Hello.
And Loki. Hello. And, you haven't heard her yet tonight, but she is here, folks, Rice
Princess, our surprise lady tonight. Awesome, it's gotta be awesome. Hello. Alright, Ravenstaufen's
excited. Are you a fan of Rice Princess? I like Rice Princess. Alright. I know, it's
a little creepy, you might want to get a restraining order, get one of those nanny cams in your
house, make sure no one comes in. Alright, are you guys ready? Let's get some music,
because it's time to play the match game. I love this theme song, it's one of the best
theme songs ever made. Alright, here we go, are you ready for question number one? GS68,
you're going to send us your answer over private message, and Ravenstaufen, you get to verbally
say it, but not until I say when. He has to vocalize your reply. Yes, here it is, here's
the first question tonight, folks. Rob is very excited about the Hero's Season premiere
happening in a couple of weeks. He's blocked the time on his calendar, paid the cable bill
for this month, all he has to do to be completely ready is go out and buy a blank. That's right,
Rob is very excited about the Hero's Season premiere happening in a couple of weeks, he's
blocked the time on the calendar, paid the cable bill for this month, all he has to do
to be completely ready is go out and buy a blank. Give our celebrities a moment to think.
bing
all Rob's gotta do is go out and buy a pleasure glove
save your answer yet, that wasn't my answer that was a test
ha ha ha ha
see how that works
that was an example but that's not it
eddie you suck at this game
think of your answer to yourself
because you asked for it
is everybody have their answer in their mind? do you have a new answer in your mind?
think of one and say ding when you thought of one
alright here we go
let me see make sure GS68 has an answer okay there you go
and uh...
ravens dolphin do you have an answer
tivo
okay ravens dolphin says
tivo or tivo
tivo
it's a tivo
all he has to do to be completely ready is to go out and buy a tivo
that's what uh... ravens dolphin says
and GS68 says
all he has to do is go out and buy an HD porn
hd porn
alright let's see what happens let's go around and see if any of the celebrities
have matched, Loki what did you get
uh...
funny enough i was gonna say pleasure glove but
was that it? yeah that was it, oh okay pleasure glove, there you go, i was like where's the punch line
i forgot he's not funny
dark sakura
uh... what'd you say
a life-size standee of george decay
a life-size
that's a good answer i love george decay but uh... not a match i haven't really
watched any except for this
when they took the sword
but i know that george decay is in it and he's awesome, he is awesome
that's a good answer
uh... my answer would be uh... he forgot to go out and buy a
blow up siler doll
because siler is gorgeous
what with extra brain eating action
yes
because siler is is so hot okay uh... shane what'd you say
he needs to go out and buy a bottle of lube
a bottle of lube
not a match alright uh...
eddie he needs to go out and buy a
copy of george decay's movie blowed up oh my
wow
rice princess says he needs to go out and buy
i just stuck with the requisite prostitute
prostitute
all right so let's add it up and look at the scoreboard ah yes it is
oops no
and we've been canceled ladies and gentlemen the show's over goodnight
what did i do
maybe it went too far with the prostitute comment
i think it was the next movie
this show is so broken tonight i want a refund
just like my xbox going back to the scoreboard
it is zero to zero
look at that all right
shall we go to the next question
yes are you going to make a better effort this time ravens dolphin
i'm trying i know you're trying your best i appreciate okay here's question
number two
question number two
loki went out to the arcades today to try out some of the new games in town
when he drove up to roseville golf land to find that they were closed though he
was very upset
he was inspired however to make an awesome new video game
called blank
loki went out to the arcades today to try out some of the new games in town
when he drove up to roseville golf land to find out they were closed though he was
very upset he was inspired however to make an awesome new video game called
blank
double-d
okay everybody in studio has said ding uh... how you doing do you have an
answer yet don't say it yet do you have an answer yet ravens dolphin
no but give me just two more seconds and i'm trying to think of a new video
all right
all right two seconds are up gs sixty eight has an answer do you have an answer
yeah all right here we go he invented oh no no no no don't say it yet
we're not ready for it yet i have to read the question then ask you for your answer
can i have some silence in the studio please
silence
loki went out to the arcades today to try some of the new games in town when
he drove up to roseville golf land to find out they were closed though he was
very upset he was inspired however to make an awesome new video game called
ravens dolphin
called drunken kart racer
drunken kart racer okay good show reference thinking back to last time
loki was at roseville golf land
all right gs sixty eight said
beat mania two d x sixteen george takai
this is the game that's going to be made so there you go
all right let's see what happens uh... loki
you get he's gonna make a game called
uh... mini golf course taken
mini golf course tycoon so i think so i too can suck it
ready in many golf course just like
golf land alright dot dark soccer out he's gonna make a game called because
it's loki i said iraqi suicide baby bombers iraqi suicide baby bombers
reference to two hundred episodes ago
uh... right
uh... my answer is
and you have to know what roseville golf land looks like for this to make sense
but i was going to call it castle crashers too
get it uh... uh... alright uh...
me clinton he's going to call it i would like to say that this question was
horrible so i understand the contestants like frustration
i can come up with a things that they are so the game is called a bottle of
lube
i hate you
any the game is called
was a club battle all my
it
and rice princess the game is called
yeah i didn't have any ideas and it's going to stick to silent occupied
caprica
silo silan occupied
caprica occupied
i think that i did for a half a cup
okay
okay there it is
uh...
let's go to the scoreboard and take a look uh...
all can we have zero to zero
it's not a problem
let's be nice and give them something each equally worthless
all right like you know affair child you know after gs sixty eight
and i haven't heard and engage for apart in the ziploc bag engage
arctic and engage with this in card
operate i got a sim card with the difference are endless
one more question
right
yes we have one more question now i hope somebody gets on the scoreboard or
everybody loses
which is a familiar theme here for the uh... video game actually
all right here it is
our last question for tonight
jamie
borrowed dance camera for the awesome o l r photo shoot today
what dan doesn't know however
is that after the show is over
jamie will be using the camera to take some pictures of blank
uh...
uh... being
having a tool being
all right i think everybody in studio is mostly said thing
uh... okay gs sixty eight is being
have you been to ravens dolphin
all right grads
here we go uh... let's see uh... let's go to ravens dolphin you first for an
answer here's the question jamie borrowed dance camera for the awesome
o l r photo shoot today
what dan doesn't know however is that after the show is over jamie will be using
the camera to take some pictures of
reinstall who knew
doctor who knew that
okay good answer good answer especially if you know jamie
and gs sixty eight said taking some pictures of
ferret porn
ferret porn all right let's see if there's a match with anybody in studio
let's go around started off with loki
now take some pictures of this goes back to uh...
i think party still
neck raping
neck raping unfortunately is not a match uh... dark soccer out take some
pictures of actually said the doctor
the doctor is that a match
well he's nude under his clothing
all right we'll get we'll give ravens dolphin half a point
have a point for ravens dolphin graduations all right
uh... my answer was uh... she's going to take some pictures of
naked high school musical stars naked eyes all of the stars we all thought
that that's what we all say reagan we all saw the pictures alright i didn't
see the picture well i have it right here burned on top of the daily because
i i got a cool new dvd bird this week that burns that burns pictures on onto
the dvds to label them
and i burned a picture of that new picture on this dvd like it's actually
the label it's pretty great
anyway can we uh... please
get the rest the answers
me go top jamie's gonna take some pictures of
a bottle of lube bottle of lube which is not a match nor a very creative answer
it was created the first time i said yes and you know i said every time so they
could have funny one they could have got a point if they would be paying
attention
just shush
eddie shh
eddie
answer is
robin george decay playing pleasure glove battle together
all right
we did that so he's basically charles nelson riley
no it's not charles nelson riley he's dead
uh...
rice princess
taking pictures of
the train wreck that is this show the train wreck and that is this show
although it clearly said in the question after the show is over
let's hear it for rice princess the genius of all that
right because we can keep the show after the show
all right
uh... let's go to the scoreboard and uh... take a look
and uh... i see we have gs sixty eight and the game was zero points
good job gs sixty eight good a for effort
but our winner today
with half a point
it's it's often is our winner
ravens dolphin what do you want to surprise
i don't know maybe a call back
all right as your price tonight we will call you back
yes but in the meantime we hang up on you
all right so well i hear from remains often later in the program but after we
do some news
so let's get back to some gaming news which we actually don't have much of
by thanks for being on the show celebrities even if you watch your
galaxy black ticket with the krylov even if you are at the below average tonight
all right
i give you guys a d minus no
a d plus so it was awesome
eddie you get any we're good stuff
well unfortunately have a little bit of bad news and
well there is no crackdown sequel in development right now
and the reason being is that microsoft was a little late uh... to ask
uh... them to actually make a sequel so now they're working on a new m m o
called all points
bulletin
which or a p it's going to be a uh... m m o
uh... coming out in two thousand nine
so that sucks you know what i'm world's isn't making a sequel hold on is that
really such a bad thing
i mean think about for a minute i know you guys all of crack down i'm not
going to strike out no no no hold on though
i mean what is the number one bitch people have about the gaming industry
long time has they're not original enough a lot of the things you see out
there just sequels to other stuff
socially kind of support a company that says you know what
we don't really want to make a sequel right now
is there really such a bad thing what was it that they don't want to make a
sequel they wanted to make a sequel is that they didn't approach him for a
sequel
within the stock they could go to die in a boat fire
right jamie
yes right
all right
uh... that's it for the gaming news tonight so we get to last minute stories
but that means it's time for the skype line yes we're gonna open up our skype
line
at a orange lounge radio on skype or one eight seven seven game o l r
but of course since we promised ravens dolphin as his prize
we will now call him back
so uh... we have hit the dial button on ravens dolphins name
or waiting to connect
when i hear some creepy i think we got voicemail every second game podcast
message you live
voicemail we've got a message after the beat
please eliminate
all
or most
background noise keep it under a minute thirty-second
uh...
uh...
we are calling you back as promised
but you're not there
sucks to be here
hugs and kisses
right it's over
So let's go to the phones and see who calls us.
Again, our username is OrangeLaunchRadio on Skype, phone number 1877-GAME-OLR.
Oh, look who's calling us back.
Do you want your own show or something?
No.
All right, what do you want, Ravensdolvin?
I forgot to tell you that I fail at computers.
Congratul- Yes you do, congratulations.
All right, real quickly, you've had too much showtime.
What's your question tonight for us?
My Xbox died, that's it.
That's not a fucking question.
That's not a question.
No, I just want to tell you that I'm sad.
Oh, I'm sorry, here's the Kleenex.
All right, if you want to call us, 1877-GAME-OLR,
or our username is OrangeLaunchRadio on Skype.
Meanwhile, I'm looking at chat comments.
There has been a lot of chat comments tonight I've read, I apologize.
Velurno, I'm sorry if I'm mispronouncing your name, I'm not sure how to say that.
Velurno says, I wanted a Crackdown sequel,
and puts those dejected little three dots right after that comment there.
So, sorry about that.
All right, we got some more calls though, let's go to the calls.
Hi, you're on OrangeLaunchRadio, who's this?
Hey guys, this is FootyMonster.
Hello, FootyMonster, how are you?
I'm doing just fine, what about you guys?
Good, hey, I don't know if I'm supposed to say this publicly,
but I heard you guys got picked up by AllGames, the ultimate quest.
That is correct, yeah, I think it's public knowledge by now.
We were promised a long time ago, but it just comes to friction right now.
So, about a week or two, we're going to be on AllGames on the stream and stuff like that.
Congratulations, that's okay, because you know what?
Hey, ScottBlue, something that I thought was a secret,
that I guess he said on the show,
and I was trying to keep it a secret.
Are we supposed to keep that a secret, or can we say it?
No, I think we're supposed to keep that a secret.
All right, then I won't say it.
All right, oh, it's a secret.
Later, I will tell you later, like, I don't know,
maybe during a certain upcoming expo, we can give you more information.
Not that I know anything, or don't, but that's it.
FootyMonster, what do you have for our listeners tonight?
Well, basically, I just wanted to share with you guys,
I don't know if it's a review or something,
but Persona 3, which is this new game for the PS2,
it's an RPG, and I just wanted to let everyone know,
because it's probably underrated and under the radar.
It's from the Shin Megami Tensei universe,
if anyone ever played one of those games, like Nocturne or Digital Devil Saga.
Nocturne was the game in which Dante from Devil May Cry made a cameo and stuff,
so it was known back in the day in the PS2.
And Persona 3 came out, and it was really, really, really good,
and I've been playing it, I've put, like, 40 hours into it,
I'm not even halfway done.
It's deep as hell, and it's really good.
I don't know if you guys have heard anything about it, or...
You know what's funny?
I'm holding here in my hand the Persona 3 trade demo we got sent from Atlus,
and I have to admit, I have not played it still.
Shame on you, Rogue.
All right, I'll give it to Jamie to play.
I swear I was going to play it, but then I went back to Final Fantasy XI.
Have you played Overlord yet?
No.
But I will.
What makes this game so great compared to the Final Fantasies of the world,
where, you know, most people you say,
what's the greatest role-playing game of all time?
People will say Dragon Quest, or they'll say Final Fantasy VII.
Why is it so great?
Well, this is the thing.
It's not just an RPG. They try to break the mold a little bit.
And as you know, RPGs are really...
They're falling flat every day more and more.
They're not that amazing anymore.
They're never anything new in them,
except for, you know, kind of cases like Bioware releasing Mass Effect and stuff like that,
which is a massive world or anything, or something like that.
This game, however, it's a single-player experience, but it's so huge.
Like, you don't just fight.
You also have to live the life of the character, as in you go to school.
You, you know, you gotta make friends with people.
You gotta develop your relationship with everyone else.
And it's not just that it's tacked on.
Also, you use that as a means to get more powerful in the game on the fighting aspect of things.
So, it's like they made this perfect balance between fighting and normal dungeon crawling,
and all this other stuff that's just about story and developing characters.
All right. Well, that sounds kind of cool.
I mean, I definitely have to check it out at some point. I will. So many games.
Tokimeki meets RPG.
I would say so. It's kind of like a date scene, if you think about it that way.
Yeah.
But, you know, in the sense that, yeah, you need to raise your academic status to do better at school,
and that in turn will unlock the chance of you to date a certain girl,
which in turn will give you the chance to get this certain magic spell,
which will make you more powerful in the fighting side of things.
That's pretty cool.
So, it's forcing you, but at the same time, if you don't want to do it, you don't want to do it.
But, there's a lot of benefit from it.
So, they actually motivate you into looking further into the game rather than just the fighting aspect of the game.
All right. I'll give you that. It sounds kind of interesting.
I definitely will have to check it out at some point.
You win.
I mean, on the show, a couple weeks ago, we did review the whole thing in length.
I spent like 20 minutes talking about it because it's really, really that good.
Very cool.
Well, so, you can go ahead and plug your show real quick so they know where to go download that if they want.
All right. So, it's UltimateQuest.net.
It's a show that I did with Shadow Slayer, Jack Ransom, and Xenocore.
And I believe that was episode 21, I want to say, or 22.
I forgot right now because we're, you know, it was a couple of weeks ago.
Oh, and I said I'd come on the show.
I sent a reply message back because I didn't see an email for like a week.
But, any of us will, I'm sure if you can work in the time with any of us, we'll all come on at some point
and talk nerdy role-playing.
Yeah, I know that Xenocore talked with you about maybe you doing, we have this little thing called the Ultimate Side Quest,
which is a show that we do on and off, sometimes like once a month.
And it's like a discussion, it's not just about the news, but about like maybe a topic,
like let's say tabletop RPG gaming and how it would make RPGs in the consoles better.
That was the topic of the latest one.
You'll have to get Jamie for that one because I don't do a lot of tabletop.
I haven't been doing any in the past month.
That's not that long.
Yeah, I was playing D&D.
Very cool.
All right, well, Footy, thanks so much for the input and for the game suggestions.
You've been full of game suggestions lately, from the Hannah Montana DS to this.
I got to spread the Hannah Montana love. It's awesome.
You better be calling back in a couple weeks and telling us about the next game we all need to be playing.
Oh, that reminds me, Loki, do not buy Jam Sessions.
I have the Japanese version. It's not good. It's not good.
It's cheap though.
It really is.
Loki likes cheap.
I'm not buying Hannah Montana. I can tell you that much.
I will buy Hannah Montana.
All right, you do that.
All right, bye, Footy Monster. Thanks for the call.
Talk to you later, guys.
All right, if you want to give us a call or use the name on Skype, Orange Lounge Radio, or our phone number, 1-877-GAME-OLR,
and let me take this opportunity to remind you guys.
You've probably heard Raven on the show before and Footy Monster on the show before.
That's because they're actually calling in.
So if you want to call in and be on the show sometime, make sure you're actually listening to the program.
Sunday nights at OrangeLoungeRadio.com.
Let's go back to the phones. Hi, you're on Orange Lounge Radio. Who's this?
GS68.
Hello, GS68. What's on your mind?
Oh, someone sent an email complaining that Heavenly Sword was too short, right?
Mm-hmm.
Well, when I was younger, game took less than an hour to complete. It had no save points.
So people are saying that Heavenly Sword is too short of a game.
Yeah, 10 hours.
10 hours isn't that short. 10 hours is about how long it took to beat Silent Hill 2, and that's a beautiful game.
So, you know, I don't think it's such a bad thing that the games are necessarily short, as long as it's fun.
You're right. Like, a lot of those old-school NES games, like, they were really good.
Like, God, I could probably beat Super Mario Brothers in, like, 15 minutes, if that.
Yeah, or Mario 2. I just got that on Virtual Console, and that's like a 15-minute game if you know all the power-ups and stuff.
But it's part of the, is it fun to replay over and over again, because a game like Super Mario Brothers 2, hell yeah, it's fun to play over and over again, so.
It's really short. I mean, you can beat it in under two hours, and there are people who play it over and over again.
Yeah. So, hey, you know, a game is all about fun, you know, but considering how much they're charging for these games,
if it is only a 10-hour game, it better be a really fun 10-hour game, like six bucks an hour good.
But if you think about it, I mean, hell, they charge $10 for an hour and a half movie, so why not?
Yeah.
Now, are you buying Heavenly Sword, Loki?
Maybe.
Are you buying it, GS68?
No, I don't really have much interest in games like those.
I'll probably give it a rent, since I can rent for free.
There you go. Here's one of those rent-before-you-buy things.
Maybe you'll rent it and beat it, and then wonder, do I want to play this again?
What money is it out of my pocket?
All right.
If it's free, I'll do almost anything.
Tigerclaw has an interesting point.
I hate games that force you to play on a hard difficulty just to see the better ending.
Oh, no kidding.
If it's normal, then I don't mind, because in my opinion, if it's easy difficulty, you're a pussy.
But I don't really do hard mode a lot on games.
There was a Star Wars game on N64 that you couldn't even see the ending unless you got to the ending and it's all,
to see the ending played in hard mode, I was like, fuck you.
Here's the thing, though.
Oh, shoot.
It was like the only Star Wars. No, it was other than Rogue Squadron.
Yeah, the one that wasn't Rogue Squadron. It was the one where you play the guy.
I have that game.
Here's the thing, though. I think those subtle ending differences are pretty cool.
I go back all the way to the original Metroid.
When you played it the first time, it probably took you forever and a day to actually beat it, and so you got the crappy ending.
But then somebody at school tells you, hey, if you play it really fast, then you get to see the chick take all her clothes off.
Which is people stretching the truth a little bit.
But who didn't run home and play through the game just as fast as they could to see if there was that other ending in it?
I know I did.
There you go, C.
I tried to get under three hours in Super Metroid, not just for the accomplishment, but because of, you know.
Or even the games with all the different multiple endings, if you did things a different way or did it the harder way, like Chrono Trigger.
You start off, if you do save game plus and start off and just beat Lavos right away, you get the developer ending.
That was pretty cool.
Yeah, stuff like that's really cool.
Those did Airspace, apparently.
Sorry, I was reading stuff.
Okay, so anything else you want to share with our listeners, DS68?
Yeah, I finally got around to playing 2DX Distorted on PS2.
And what'd you think?
It's pretty good.
I haven't played any, well, I don't have any 2DX between 9th and 13th styles, so there's a lot of features that are new to me, like all the score data from the arcade and such.
Yeah, I haven't bought a 2DX game since 9th style either, but I did play a lot of Red.
I don't know, we'll see.
I'm kind of over a lot of those Konami music games, I have to admit.
It's the same fucking thing for like five years now, so I'm ready for something new.
So when Konami's ready to give me something new, I'll go back.
Or, you know, I do still buy the new DDR games on consoles.
Because, you know, Universe and the Xbox DERs have felt really new to me, and hell, I still think, what is it, UltraMix 2 is like the best DDR game they've put out in any country on a console.
I got tired of playing DDR at home.
Yeah, it's not the same. I'll give you that.
All right, well, DS68, thanks so much for the call, we appreciate it, okay?
All right, later buddy.
All right, that's actually going to do it tonight for the Skype line.
We're actually running way over tonight, thanks to all the craziness, so we're actually going to wrap things up with some last minute stories.
Does anybody have some quick last minute stories?
I have some things I forgot to mention during the release dates.
There's a game that apparently was coming out on PC called 30,000 Games.
I don't know what it is, but I know there's 30,000 of them.
And I say, for $19.99, that's a pretty damn good deal.
Anyways, sorry, I wasn't ready for that yet. My bad.
Okey-dokey.
I've been having all sorts of sound boo-boos tonight.
Anyways, one thing I was going to mention, South Park did win the Emmy for World of Warcraft episodes.
This is actually Loki's new theme music.
Okay, I have news.
That, by the way, was Super Mario RPG in Mario Paint. That's what that was.
Sega's game, The Club, will not be out for Christmas, by the way.
It's going to be out early 2008 for PC, PS3, and Xbox 360.
This is perfect for what we've been talking about.
Anyways, apparently you can buy unicorns in Second Life. There's just one small little issue that they forgot to mention.
In order to obtain a unicorn, you have to have sex with an adult unicorn in Second Life.
What is that from?
It's Super Mario RPG.
Yeah, Rama sent me all these YouTubage things.
The username is TomBobBlender has made all these YouTubes of all these songs in Mario Paint.
It's good times.
I remember the little kitty and doggy noises. That's great.
Anyways, what it says basically, it says,
Someone on Second Life is offering tiny, adorable baby unicorns that you can hold and cuddle, but they come with a price.
You can only get them by having sex with an adult unicorn located at the Belle Highland Sim.
Deal or no deal.
How can a unicorn get a baby?
Apparently there's a website here that has not...
Oh, yeah, that's interesting.
Oh, God.
That is special.
Where's the baby unicorn?
Does it really matter?
I don't know. There's some weird shit on this website.
I don't even know what that is, but it's some sort of insect having sex with somebody.
God, Second Life is awesome.
And by awesome you mean scary.
Yes. Anything else for last minute stories tonight?
Sell everything and get a Wii.
Try First Life. It's great.
Okay, you done?
There's some cool Office Depot, I guess, bundle for the Xbox 360 for $2.99.
You get the premium system, so that might be worth it.
I don't know.
That's it.
Well, that is going to do it tonight for Orange Launch Radio, you guys.
I want to thank everybody for tuning into and listening to Orange Launch Radio tonight
and supporting independent radio.
We really appreciate it, you guys. You guys are awesome.
And by the way, I want my voice back for next week.
One, I also want to say a big thank you to all those of you guys who have left five-star reviews on iTunes recently
on our podcast page on iTunes, because that's pretty awesome.
There's been some pretty great reviews written.
Of course, people like to use the little in-jokes from the show in their reviews, and we certainly appreciate that.
But then sometimes people just write things that are generally pretty cool,
and I want to give a moment to actually read one of these on the air, one of the more recent ones.
And then hopefully that will encourage folks to maybe leave more, because we love five-star reviews and it inflates our egos.
This Robert H.M. guy wrote,
Named for popular Bamani artist Orange Lounge, this show, situated in San Francisco,
does an outstanding job of being an intelligent, intricate look into what is reasonably current in video games.
As one of the foremost independent video game podcasts,
OLR, hosted by Sky Dark Soccer and Loki, continues to entertain with its rants,
the always low-key but questionable input by frequent guest Shane,
and more importantly, its attention to audience through the live chat during the show's Sunday night airing in the mailbag.
The hosts are wonderfully funny without setting out to create comedy.
Sometimes it just works best when the show breaks down in laughter.
Hope you like tonight's show.
Due to some bizarrely inappropriate comment, usually from Shane.
Go figure.
Highly recommended to video game fans of all ages.
Okay, make that relatively mature audiences, but still.
So thank you, Robert H.M., for that review.
And all the people who've left happy, fun reviews on iTunes.
Like MacMan, I see here.
Mayo Nation, even though I hate mayonnaise.
AJ Twist, Flaming, sure, your name got cut off.
Read some of the bad reviews.
And Blue Collar Murder.
You want to hear a bad review?
No, because that will encourage people to write bad reviews.
I don't want to write bad reviews.
No, if you wrote a bad review, then you don't get any attention on our program, sorry.
All right.
That's that.
So thank you guys very much for that.
And let's go around and get everybody's final thoughts.
Eddie, thank you for being here tonight and sticking with us through the whole show.
And staying away from Gattle Star Ballactica during the program.
Do you have any final thoughts?
Nice and fancy.
Indeed.
Dark Sakura, do you have any final thoughts tonight?
I actually have one other.
What?
Meh.
My final thought will be reject false icons and give me a dollar.
Tonight's final thought was just stolen from all of Jamie's past stuff.
Loki, your final thought.
My final thought, and I forgot to mention this during FAQs of the week.
Comcast for some reason, I don't know if you've noticed this, Rob, or if it's even an issue with your TV.
For some reason now, all the HD channels I get are not widescreen.
They're all boxed, like really small.
Mine are fine.
It's weird, because it just started doing that now.
Sounds like the user.
I say beat them up.
I say I'm switching to something else.
All right, there you go.
That's what more people need to do, because Comcast has been pissing me off a lot lately too.
Not because of that, but just their general service in general.
All right.
But we do love Comcast, because that is the internet that gets us out to you guys.
So thanks for that, Comcast.
All right, anyhow, that's it for this week's show.
Thank you once again for downloading and supporting independent radio.
We couldn't do it without you guys.
Hey, why don't we do it all again next week?
Sound good?
Yeah.
All right, until then, have a meh week, and we'll see you next time.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is an Orange Lounge production.
For more information on our live and podcast program, visit our website at www.orangewoundradio.com.
See you next week.
