Orange Lounge Radio
With your hosts, Dark Sakura, Sky, and Loco.
Tonight, September 2nd, 2007, Xbox Live gets a Labor Day sale, PlayStation gets a SingStar bundle, and an old PC gaming classic is now free.
Orange Lounge Radio
But joining us, as always, say hello to Loki.
Yes.
How are you doing, Loki?
I'm fine.
You're fine? That sounded a little bit forced.
I'm doing okay.
Oh, so now we've downgraded from find okay. What gives?
I'm running low of soda in this cup here, but luckily I brought two backups.
How much soda do you bring to this program?
Two cans.
Two cans.
All right, also joining us tonight, say hello to Miklatov, who's filling in in the big blue chair tonight.
Hello.
How are you doing, Miklatov?
I'm fine.
What are you playing there on your PSP?
It's not my PSP.
Whose PSP is it?
Matt's.
Matt's? What are you playing on Matt's PSP?
I am playing Katamari.
Can I show the webcam people what you're doing?
Fine, but I'm going to miss important text.
Important dialogue and what have you.
Dude, the king of all cosmos always says important funny things.
Well, you missed that one, I'm sorry to say.
All right.
Well, anyhow, yes, we do have webcam tonight for the folks that are listening live.
We're on operator11.com.
I do want to state, though, as we were kind of talking about last week, we're not planning on suddenly changing into a video show or a video podcast.
It's just that some of our live listeners wanted to see us while we were taping live, so here we are.
The webcam's on.
But operator11 has some funky rules, and it's supposedly going to shut off after 40 minutes, and so we won't be able to archive until part B again.
But the good news is that operator11 saves an archive of the file for a long time, so if you're listening to the podcast and you wonder to yourself,
I wonder what this looks like being taped live, you can go over to operator11.com and look for our feed on there and see it.
I want to see how fat all the hosts look on camera and then find out.
And then you can love us long time.
Yes, you can.
I just named my island in Katamari.
What is your island in Katamari?
It's Poop Island.
That's lovely.
Cracks me up.
Do you get to name those yourself?
I played the Katamari on the PSP.
I don't know.
It just asked me to name the island, so I named it Poop Island.
My island was named Slavery Island.
Why did you name it that?
I don't know.
All right.
Let's start off tonight's show, as we always do, talking about how is your gaming week.
Dark Sakura starts us off, but she's not here, so I'll go to Shane, also known as Miklotov, first, since obviously he's playing me and my Katamari.
So I'm playing me and my Katamari.
And how is it?
I hate the controls a lot.
It's really bad to control, but it's still funny, and that's what really counts in Katamari.
What else have you been playing this week?
Metroid Prime 3, which is the coolest.
What do you like about Metroid Prime 3?
It's fun.
What a very descriptive answer you're giving us here.
Well, that was a terrible question.
Sorry.
Why do you think Metroid Prime 3 is so fun?
What is it about the game that appeals to you?
Well, I like the fact that the controls are really cool, and I like the Metroid Prime series, and I like the fact that—spoilers are coming up—I got to fight Ridley, and it was really fun, and I had to shoot him in his mouth.
And I was falling down this big shaft the whole time, and it was really cool.
So you have to fight somebody while you're falling down?
Yes.
Is there a chance that you'll ever hit the ground?
Probably not.
Did you just keep falling forever?
I think you fall forever until you beat Ridley or Ridley kills you.
All right.
Also, is there anything else you're giving me?
I started playing Suikoden V again.
I've owned it since it came out, and I worked on it, but I never actually played it, really.
Can you say what you did on the game?
Yeah, I've said before.
I don't remember.
I did text.
I can't remember.
There's secrets you can say and things you can't say on air.
And yeah, I'm just now starting to play it.
See, if I asked you if there was a Suikoden VI, could you talk about that?
I could not talk about that.
You can neither confirm nor deny those reports?
Not.
All right.
Fine.
Fair enough.
Anything else?
No.
All right.
Let's go over to Loki.
And while Loki talks about his gaming week, I'm going to go grab another cookie.
Do you want a peanut butter cookie, Loki?
Yes.
Awesome.
I want a peanut butter cookie.
All right.
I'm going to go get that.
Stupid cookies.
Loki, tell us about your gaming week.
My gaming week was a lot of Xbox 360 stuff.
I played a lot of demos, including some stuff I've already played before, like beautiful
Katamari.
Ace Combat 6.
I think I tried a little bit of Juice 2 and didn't like that still.
Then, of course, I played Bioshock, which is still awesome and continues to get even
more awesome as I play it.
So definitely, ooh, cookie.
And let's see.
Other games I've played, Call of Duty 4, I actually got to try a little bit of the multiplayer
beta.
And I had no doubts going into it that the game's going to be awesome, and it's just
amazing.
It still plays like Call of Duty 2 and 3.
I do like how they've updated the radar a little bit so you can actually get a better
idea of where people are firing from, so that's pretty cool.
And also the replays of when you get killed, they're pretty cool.
So that's neat.
And then other stuff, I actually played more Settlers of Catan on Xbox Live Arcade.
And I thought about, oh, I played Street Trace New York.
It's that hoverboard racing combat game or something.
That game's really weird.
It kind of reminds me of like Crossing Sonic Riders with that crappy, was it that bumper
car game that came with Windows 98 or something.
I don't even remember what the hell that's called.
But something like that.
Not recommending that game, though.
It's quite boring.
But I tried the demo, and that was kind of fun.
Let's see.
Other stuff, on PSP, I was playing a lot of We Love Katamari, and I don't know why.
I absolutely hate the control in that game, but I'm stuck playing it and loving it.
The only thing I wish they would do is just port that to PlayStation 2, because I know
they like doing those ports from PSP to PlayStation 2.
Just do that.
I mean, I'll spend the $20 to actually buy the game, so I think that's what they need
to do to make at least the controls a little bit better.
And other than that, I believe that was my gaming week.
Oh, Saints Row Multiplayer.
We finally, and I wish I had pictures because I haven't finished setting it up yet, but
our game room set up at work is finally done.
We have five Xbox 360s land and have been playing Saints Row on it, and it's absolutely
fun multiplayer.
The only thing I really hate, though, is the system link multiplayer on it, you can't change
the way your character looks, so everybody looks the same.
You can change it on live, but you can't change it in system link, which doesn't make any
sense whatsoever.
But hopefully they'll fix that with a sequel, I don't know.
But hopefully I'll get some actual pictures of the setup.
I'm still putting the 360s in clear cases, which by the way, if I were to review the
clear cases I bought, they absolutely suck.
But they look pretty, so that was my gaming week.
That was a hell of a lot of gaming week.
There's a lot of comments going on in the chat room here at chat.orangelaunchradio.com.
Again, our chat room location is chat.orangelaunchradio.com.
If you guys are in the Operator 11 chat, since we are doing the video tonight, I just want
to get out there.
We do not read the Op 11 chat because it's on a laptop that's on the other side of the
room and it's hard for us to read, so you have to be in a regular chat room.
I play Contra IV for the DS.
How did you do that?
Our Konami rep brought in a DS with a dev thing in it.
That's kind of important.
That's a big one.
What's Contra IV?
It's awesome.
It's exactly like you would imagine a sequel to Contra III being.
It's true 2D side-scrolling action, it's Contra, it's awesome, and not that sort of awesome
that was a neo-Contra and stuff like that.
That was pretty cool.
The other thing, I didn't play this game, but I dogged on it last week, Cruisin' for
the Wii.
I actually saw the game in motion in a trailer and it looked not as bad, let me put it that
way.
It looked very low poly count, it almost looked like a DS game ported to the Wii, but it was
running at 60 frames per second, so while it may not have been too pretty to look at,
it was really smooth and looked pretty fun.
If it's cheap enough, let me try it.
I want to go back to Contra IV for a minute because this is a game a lot of people are
very excited about.
How does it use the vertical?
How does it use the two screens?
Is it just a very vertical game?
It's a very vertical game.
It's very tall.
If you'll see stuff falling down and you basically get to shoot at stuff, there's a grappling
hook in it so you can grapple with stuff and crawl on bars and whatnot.
Does it use a touch screen at all or did they just say fuck it?
For the brief time that I had with the game, it did not use a touch screen.
You have no idea if they have the top-down modes like they had in the old Super Nintendo
Contra?
I don't think they do, but it would be cool if they did.
Very cool.
All right.
Wait.
Wait.
Wait.
What?
Let's tell everybody what my new island name is.
Yes.
On Miyamakatamari, what did you name it?
I named it Penn Island.
Penn Island.
Think about that one for a minute.
Penn Island.
P-E-N-I-S-L-A-M-D.
It's so good.
Hilarious.
That's comedy gold.
Anyhow, I was going to go to the chat room here and read some comments, but we got a
little bit sidetracked here.
Again, chat.orangessoundsradio.com.
Somebody was talking about Bioshock here earlier.
Drunami said, Bioshock is fucking scary.
Did you get scared by Bioshock?
There was one time, I didn't get scared, but it startled me a little bit, where you're
investigating this dentist's office and there's pipes breaking and it's freezing stuff.
All of a sudden, one of the pipes breaks and it gets a little foggy and you turn around
and there's a guy standing right there.
I thought he was dead at first.
The first time they played through it and then the second time I knew he was going to
be there.
I turned around and just stood there for a second and then he finally attacked me.
It was kind of freaky.
You turn around and all of a sudden, boom, there's someone there.
Picker Uno says, I got scared by the demo of Bioshock.
I did too a little bit.
I have to admit.
I got a little bit scared from just the demo alone because it's crazy.
The game gets so awesome and I can't imagine Andrew Ryan, the main guy who built this whole
city as Walt Disney.
I can replace Walt Disney in this and just like, I don't know.
You're going to make me not want to go back to Disneyland and that makes me sad because
I love Disneyland.
Andrew Ryan just reminds me of Walt Disney or like a really weird version of Walt Disney.
Maybe they based it off him, who knows.
I was hoping to get some emails from people who didn't like Bioshock, but I didn't see
anything in the mail bag when I last checked.
I don't know.
We'll open up the email bag a little later and let you know if we heard from any people
that didn't like Bioshock.
Anyhow, let's go ahead and go on to My Gaming Week.
I want to talk about My Gaming Week.
I've also been playing Metroid Prime 3, but not quite as much as Shane has.
I don't want to give this game a full review yet, but I can already tell you I like it
better than 1 and 2.
Because 1 and 2, I still had to get over that shock of, oh my god, Metroid is not 2D anymore.
What did they do to my game?
I don't want to label myself as somebody who just hates games automatically because they're
3D, but you have to remember Metroid is a series that's very near and dear to my heart
and it was very hard to kind of conceptualize Metroid in a 3D world.
I don't think the first two games are bad games by any means.
I couldn't get into them because they didn't feel like Metroid to me.
But this third game, I have to admit, the gimmicky controls are actually pretty awesome
and done pretty well considering the limited amount of buttons that a Wii controller has.
It's pretty fun.
And I also like the fact that Metroid Prime 3 kind of breaks the mold of when you start
in the world, you are missing all of your gear, like you only have your suit and a gun.
And when you start in Metroid Prime 3, you already have like a double jump move.
You already have, or you get the ability to shoot missiles rather quickly.
You can already turn into a ball and a lot of that stuff.
So I think that's kind of cool.
Escapist in the chat room asks, do you have to scan everything in Metroid Prime 3 to understand
what the heck is going on?
Yes.
No.
Yes.
No.
But it helps.
No.
The scanning in Metroid Prime 3 only, it's not to tell you what's going on, it's to tell
you now what you need to do to get through this room.
It's not like, oh, you know, there's lore stuff you can read, but...
It's not mandatory.
It's not mandatory.
I did notice it was a little easier to get into story-wise than one or two was, because
you could go up and you could talk to people and it kind of made the story a little better
for me.
It wasn't just scanning things and reading things.
Also, I will point out though, scanning things appears to be the way that you get most of
the tokens in the game.
I know there hasn't been a lot of talk about the tokens, which a couple weeks ago was labeled
by a lot of the big game blogs as, like, Metroid Prime's achievement system, but it's not really
achievements.
The tokens that you unlock by scanning things or doing certain things in the game, you can
use to unlock soundtrack things, graphics and art and all those types of things.
It's kind of like, basically, Mortal Kombat, how you got the tokens from beating things
and you could use them in the crypt or whatever it was called and unlock special stuff.
Also, it uses Wii Connect 24 because for every 100 enemies you kill, you get a green token
and you can send the green tokens to other people and they can use them.
Or, I guess, no, it's a black token and when you send it to someone else, it's green or
something like that, but you have to use friend codes to make that work.
And then you said, Shane, you are pretty sure you got an actual achievement in the game
or something.
Oh, yeah.
I was using my ice missile.
Hey, while I'm talking, smell this alcohol.
I'll talk about the alcohol in a minute, folks.
I was using the ice missile on just enemies randomly.
I want to drink it first.
Not yet.
No, I'm going to drink it first.
I used the ice missile on some lizard thing and once I did that, one of the little cards
you get for every 100 kills, I guess for certain random tasks you do, came up and was like
a chilled lizard or something like that, like a terrible achievement name.
And it was cool.
I like that.
It's achievements.
And you know what you can do with that?
Nothing.
Absolutely nothing.
Just like the Xbox 360 achievements.
By the way, the liquor talk is because it is a three-day weekend, so some of us have
chosen to do a little drinking tonight, which leads me to the responsibility spiel.
Of course, we are all over 21 and Matt's not drinking tonight because he didn't find a
designated driver.
I could have, but I figured that...
Loser?
He's not into it tonight.
You said you were sick and were possibly not going to be drinking, so that's why I didn't
want to be the only one.
Yes, I have been sick, but I figure it's only Tylenol that I'm taking, so I should be okay,
right?
Well, yeah, unless you die, in which case then we would have been terribly wrong.
All right.
Well, anyhow, what else?
But Shane's here and Shane's drinking, although he doesn't like his blue drink, even though
he likes the smell of it.
I like it.
I like the smell.
It's like an alcoholic blueberry muffin to me.
It's really weird.
You want to try this one?
This pomegranate thingy?
I haven't drank from it yet.
Yes.
I was going to say, we are all over 21 and we drink responsibly, blah, blah, blah, and
kids shouldn't drink, blah, blah, blah, and so on, so yeah.
Is that any good?
I don't know if it's the combination of the two, but that tastes like that gamer-fueled
Mountain Dew to me, which is not a pleasant taste.
Really?
This is pomegranate fusion smearing off.
We're taking it easy tonight, so we'll see.
Let's see.
What else did I do in my gaming week?
I bought on the Xbox 360, which of course is a Japanese RPG made by a lot of the people
that were involved with Final Fantasy.
You have Sakaguchi, who made the first Final Fantasy, Nobui Matsu does the music again,
and then I believe, who is it, Akira Toriyama, is that his name?
Something like that.
Did the Dragon Ball Z characters?
Those are the characters in this game.
Blue Dragon is a good game.
Is it a great game?
No.
Is it a 10?
No.
Is it going to leave a lot of people disappointed because they were expecting...
Blue Dragon...
Hold on.
I'm going to have your opinion in a minute.
Is it going to leave a lot of people disappointed because you hear these big names attached
to it, and you are expecting greatness, or like a Final Fantasy XIII or something?
Yes.
It's going to leave a lot of people disappointed.
But it's not a bad game by any means, and certainly it's the type of game that the Xbox
360 is severely lacking.
But here's the problems I see with Blue Dragon.
It's not with the battle system.
I love the battle system.
It's a real throwback to an old Super Nintendo RPG, and it feels very similar to Final Fantasy
V with some elements in the act of time kind of thrown in.
You can charge attacks and drop them in certain places in the act of time, and depending on
how long you charge, it does more damage.
So I personally like the battle system as a throwback to old RPGs, but the story is
kind of meh.
And you would think with these names attached to it would be an awesome story, but the problem
with the story is that it just kind of comes out of nowhere, you know?
And you don't understand what the bad guy's motivations are.
I mean, literally, you go up into this big bubble in the sky.
Your town is being attacked by this land shark.
This shark is going around destroying buildings and things, and then you basically manage
to sort of catch the land shark, but it drags you into this place.
Would you say it's a street shark?
No, it's a land shark.
That's what they call it.
And it even has a fin that sticks out above the ground.
I thought it may have been a reference back to that really crappy cartoon series.
Eventually, the land shark takes them underground, and then the land shark blasts off into space,
and they're on it, or not, I shouldn't say into space, but into the sky.
And then they finally meet the bad guy.
You encounter the main bad guy within the first 30 minutes to an hour of the game, and
they're like, why are you doing this?
And he says, because I want to hear your screams.
I'm like, what kind of motivation is that?
Ooh, pedophile.
It's like, that kind of uber generic bad guy thing kind of worked back in the day when
there wasn't a whole lot of way to flesh out the story, but I don't know so much now.
So it's got a very awkward story, and I cannot stand the little cute character Maru Maru.
I cannot stand what they did with his voice.
It's awful.
Otherwise, those little bitches aside, I mean, it is a good game.
If you're a fan of role-playing games and you have a 360, it's worth your time to check
out, because importantly, it comes down to how is the game, and the game is fine.
The music's really good and all that stuff.
I'm sorry, but that gameplay is boring, and it has led me to call it Blue Dragon.
I'm noticing DJ Disentery in chat says, because you want to hear their screams, sounds like
Shane's reason for shaking babies, referring to an earlier episode of the program.
Or just in general.
Why did you not like Blue Dragon?
You're someone that liked old RPGs, right?
But we've come so far, and then to be thrown this battle system that's absolutely boring,
it's just like, I don't know, it doesn't sit right with me.
And the pacing seems slow, and granted, this is all, the only thing I've played is the
demo that was on Xbox Live.
See, I don't think that, I think the demo, now that I've played the actual game, the
demo fucking sucks.
The demo is not a good representation of the game, I think.
I just, it looks overly generic, and not interesting.
And yeah, that Maru Maru guy is, like, the reason we have mute buttons on TVs.
I'm looking in the chat room here, Pika Uno says, Blue Drag On?
Get it?
Because it drags on.
Get it?
Yes, I get it.
So maybe you could call it Boo Drag On, maybe, I don't know.
I'm just going to stick with Boo Dragon.
Mark Tetsuya says, Does Blue Dragon have the original voice?
Is this an option?
Yes, it does.
You can choose the English language, a Japanese language, all with English subtitles, or you
can have French language.
So if you want all your characters to speak French, you can have that as well, which I'm
sure is interesting.
That might make the game a little better playing it in French.
You think?
Yes.
But I think that one guy's voice is still going to be very annoying.
But it would be.
That's literally what he sounds like.
It's horrible.
It would be French annoying.
It might be cool.
Sounds like teen girl squad.
Escapist in chat room says, Well, now to wait for Eternal Sonata and Lost Odyssey.
Eternal Sonata is going to be awesome, but this will hold me over.
That was the best thing about Blue Dragon is inside the case was a card pimping out
Eternal Sonata, because that's a good game.
But again, you're basing your opinions on these games off a demo.
How dare you?
I'm watching you play it.
By Eternal Sonata, you haven't even played the real game yet.
You've only played a demo.
And it was the best demo ever.
I'm trying to think.
What were some good demos that were bad games?
Loki, help me out here.
Good demos that were bad games.
Can you think of anything?
I know there's got to be something.
I'm going to think about this one.
Chat room, I need your help.
Good demos, bad games.
Did Perfect Dark have a good demo?
I don't know.
Perfect Dark Zero, sorry.
Not to be confused with the original Perfect Dark, sorry.
Cameo maybe?
I've never played that.
Escapist says Final Fantasy 12.
I freaking love Final Fantasy 12.
What are you talking about?
Who that person from the chat room, because they're idiots.
Fireboma says Devil Dice.
I don't even know what that is.
Pika Uno says Cameo rules, shut the fuck up.
It's okay.
I wouldn't say it rules, but it's okay.
It rules.
It's sucking.
All right.
Let's get into tonight's gaming news, since we've talked about our gaming week for far
too long.
I was going to get into some housekeeping.
Pretty much the only thing I had to tell you guys was that we are doing a little bit of
drinking tonight, so if we sound a little off, that's why it's a three-day weekend.
Why not?
I'm just going to be off, period.
And that we are up on Operator 11, if you want to check us out there, or the archive
should be up there.
I don't know about this video quality, though.
It looks like it's running really slow.
We'll see, though.
I'm just moving really slow.
As long as it doesn't kill the screen.
We're not going to play to the camera, because we don't want to be a TV show.
We're still Orange Lounge Radio, but to answer the calls of our live listeners who wanted
us to get a webcam, we finally did.
So there you have it.
Wow.
Enjoy.
That's really...
I know.
That's really awesome.
Figure.
All right.
Anyhow.
Wow.
FootyMonster agrees with Final Fantasy XII.
I second Final Fantasy XII.
Demo was great.
Game sucked.
You guys are mean.
Yeah.
How about Final Fantasy VIII?
The game was awesome.
Yes.
How about Final Fantasy VIII?
I love Final Fantasy VIII.
Excellent example.
That is such a good game.
I don't even remember the demo.
Ruined by a battle system.
Where was the demo?
And the battle system was great.
The demo was with...
What did they put the Final Fantasy VIII?
Vagrant Story.
Was it really?
Yeah.
They put the Final Fantasy VIII demo with some other Square game.
I remember that.
All right.
Let's get into the gaming news.
I don't have any housekeeping otherwise.
Visit our website, OrangeLoungeRadio.com.
Leave us five-star reviews on iTunes, pretty please, or elsewhere around the web.
Tell two people you know about our program, and so on and so on.
Live journal MySpace.
Add us there.
Blah, blah, blah.
Gaming news.
I don't know.
Can I?
You, Loki, or me?
You are.
I am.
Oh, crap.
Oh, because I have a follow-up to something we talked about last week.
Last week, we were talking about Mass Effect is getting delayed to December.
Well, guess what?
That turned out to not be true, because Mass Effect is now set to be released on November
20th, which is getting close to December, but not quite there yet.
So that should be out just in time for the big day after Thanksgiving holiday.
And of course, a lot of people definitely looking forward to this game.
They call it an RPG.
It's like sci-fi.
Looks to have a little bit of first-person shooter elements in it, though.
I don't want to call it a first-person shooter, but some elements is kind of mixed up.
I would say it's like what Phantasy Star Online should have been.
Sort of.
Except it's offline.
Well, we'll see.
You know, futuristic.
Wait, wait.
Phantasy Star Online or Phantasy Star Universe?
Either.
Phantasy Star Online was a great game.
Universe was a piece of crap.
I liked Universe's single-player story, and the fact that it was online was just a bonus.
But it was a little bit repetitive.
I'll give you that.
It was a little bit repetitive.
You didn't like online?
It was okay.
All you do is run around and hit things.
It was great.
It was fun to play with voice chat.
It was fun to play with other people.
It was a chatroom with swords.
It was a terrible game fight.
That's what it was.
It was a chatroom with swords.
Whatever.
At least they didn't move as funky as they did in the old Phantasy Star Online.
At least there's that much.
Anyways, something less exciting now.
Apparently there's some pictures that leaked out on Flickr of a new Xbox Live arcade game
featuring the Toyota Yaris.
Yes, those wonderful commercials featuring the car doing stupid things, yet not really
talking about the car.
Great.
It's going to be an adver game.
I don't know.
This was at, I think, some Toyota event.
I hope we don't pay for this because I sure as hell am not going to pay for this.
Now, is this a racing game?
What the hell would you do with it?
It looks like a racing game.
Is there screenshots?
Well, there are screenshots of a shot of people playing the game, but it doesn't really show
much.
It was at the Evolution FGC EVO West 2007 event.
Yeah, I don't know.
It doesn't really show me much and I could care less that this game is coming out.
Hey, you know what though?
If it's free and it's a decent racing game, I'm all about that.
Here it is for you.
If it's free and you can get achievement points from it, you'll totally play it until you
unlock everything.
Yeah, shut up.
You know what should be an unlockable feature in a Toyota racing game, though?
To be able to race Priuses, that would be awesome.
Don't you think, like Al Gore's Sun Mode?
Wouldn't that be fun?
I don't know how fun this is going to be, but they are making a brand new movie out
of another video game, because you know Hollywood loves to make movies out of video games.
CP Productions is a brand new Hollywood company and they have bought the rights to make Joust.
Yes, like Joust from 1983 or whenever that game came out.
Remember when you had the little lance and you tried to stab the pterodactyl in the mouth
and you hit the button to flap around?
It's actually a pretty fun game to play two player, and it's on Xbox Live.
That's right, they are going to make Joust the movie.
It's being made by producers Christine Peters and Michael Cerenzi.
They have worked on such notable films as Blackout and How to Lose a Guy in 10 Days.
Here's a quote from Cerenzi.
Joust is an arcade game that's as old as Pac-Man and has global awareness.
We took one element of the game and the brand itself and built a whole new world around
it for the film.
So you can guess what that element is going to be.
I hope it's the element of the hands coming up from the lava to pull people in the lava
because that was always cool.
And maybe they'll pull these producers in and make them not make this movie because
it's probably going to be bad.
I could see one of those, I don't know, just like a pseudo-futuristic jousting movie.
It's going to be boring is what it is.
I mean, How to Lose a Guy in 10 Days, fortunately I got dragged to that and that was a horrible
movie.
So, I don't know.
It's such a dumb idea.
Let's see, going to our chat room, chat.orensonshadeo.com.
Tiger Claw says, a movie about people riding on giant ostriches.
Articuya says, ostriches don't fly and Dark Knight says, fail in its future.
There you go.
Escapist says, Kate Hudson and her ostriches bicker for half the movie than Fall in Love.
Now that I'd pay to see.
Anyways, there's an interesting rumor going on regarding Guitar Hero 3.
Apparently another artist is in talks with Activision and Red Octane regarding, of course,
being in Guitar Hero 3 as one of the legends of rock to join up with the other people in
there.
That person is Tom Morello from Rage Against the Machine, of course, obviously going to
be dueling against him.
I think right now it's still, they're in talks but hasn't fully committed yet.
But that'd be kind of neat.
They're getting down the line here so if they're going to put him in there, it's going to have
to be pretty soon.
Yeah, isn't that game coming out like next month or something?
Yeah, like around Halloween, seriously.
Are they just maybe holding on to some secrets?
Well, I mean, I can't imagine that there's too much development going into that game.
You don't really have to change that much other than putting songs in there and creating
the player models for these people that they're getting in there.
Coming soon to the Xbox Live Video Marketplace, Family Guy.
That's right, coming on September 2nd.
Is that today or tomorrow?
That's today.
That's today.
Well, holy crap.
It's coming out today on Xbox Live Marketplace.
That's freaking sweet.
Stewie Griffin, The Untold Story, and I believe episodes from, I don't know if it's, is it
every episode that's coming up on Xbox Live?
I think it is.
Let me just save you some time.
Do not download Stewie Griffin, The Untold Story, whatever that is.
Wasn't that bad?
It is horrible.
It's just three episodes strung together and it feels like three episodes.
It was not good, but Family Guy is good.
I like that they decided to put this on the Marketplace at the height of its popularity.
Being sarcastic because nobody should care about the show anymore.
Well, isn't it ironic, though, that the show is so damn popular and then it came out, it
got canceled or whatever.
It was more like a cult thing, then it got canceled, then it was popular again on DVD,
like insanely popular, like it was like, you know, have you seen this, and then Fox brings
it back and it's funny for a couple weeks and then it just kind of goes downhill.
It's so funny.
I love it.
Really?
But here's the thing, though.
I don't watch it on Fox.
I watch three runs on Cartoon Network and TBS.
So you're still watching the old episodes?
I'm watching, well, they're older episodes.
It's basically when I don't get to catch the new episodes when they come out on Fox, they
play them a few weeks later on Cartoon Network.
And I think if you watch Cartoon Network's Adult Swim, your standards for entertainment
are a lot lower than most people's, because god damn, I don't know how some of those shows
survive on their late-night stoners watching that.
Tom Goes to the Mayor or whatever?
No, there's stuff that's a lot weirder than that now.
Really?
They're just scraping at the bottom of the barrel.
Now, it's a lot worse.
They actually have some perfect hair, or like, woman with perfect hair, and it's like some
weird perverted guy, and some anime chick, or something, I don't know.
So speaking of weird Japanese stuff, there's that Dreamcast shoot-em-up game that was coming
out, I guess, next year.
It's also coming out on Xbox Live Arcade in Japan.
So, it's pretty interesting, I guess it's one of the games called Trigger Heart Alexia
is coming to Xbox Live Arcade, and I guess it's the team behind a Sega Saturn shooter
game called Shin-ru, I guess, I probably butchered that.
That's pretty awesome, and I will definitely be using my Japanese account to buy that game.
If you buy a game on the Japanese Xbox Live accounts, can you play it on the American
accounts?
Does it work that way?
Um, maybe.
What you can do is you can download the demo on the Japanese account, and then you register
it on the US account, because if you download a game and you purchase it on another account,
it's a demo on the other accounts, so what you can do is I download it on the Japanese
download the demo and then register it on the US one. That should work.
Interesting, I think. Alright. Also coming to Xbox Live Arcade very soon, it's in this
next week, Fatal Fury Special finally makes its way to Xbox Live Arcade, which
I'm actually pretty excited about because Fatal Fury Special is a game I
actually really enjoyed back in the day, so I'm excited to see this game finally
make its way to Xbox Live. Cyberball 2072. This was not a game I'm so fond of, but I
bet there's a lot of people out there that are into this game.
It's like that futuristic football game that Atari put out many
years ago. I think it runs on the same hardware as games like 720, and those
games did. So that game is coming out to Xbox Live Marketplace. What should be also
noted, though, is that there's a Labor Day sale going on on Xbox Live
Marketplace right now, and you can get certain games for half price. Small Arms
and Zuma are 400 Microsoft points apiece this weekend, and Gauntlet and Dig Dug
are 200 points a pop through Monday at 5 o'clock. So if you're listening to us
live or on the podcast, you might want to hurry up and grab those if you want them.
I don't know. I mean, even at 200 points, that's, what, 250? Eh, I don't know. Gauntlet and Dig Dug
are both decent games. I don't know. I think Gauntlet is fun, like it's a
nostalgia thing for, like, the first two times you play it, and then you're like,
I'm done with this now. Dig Dug is a classic, though. I don't know. I guess it
depends how strongly you feel about retro titles. Yeah. Anyways, there are some
pictures that leaked out, or I wouldn't really say leaked out, went out on the
internet showing that, yes, the elites can also crap out as well and get the
wonderful three rings of death. Although, I'm not too surprised, though, seeing that
they're showing, I guess, a kiosk. Now, I'm not sure what kind of ventilation those
kiosks have, but just looking at it, I mean, doesn't look like there's much
airflow in that at all, and depending on what they're running, no wonder that
thing overheated. So, I don't know. Xbox 360s die. They'll get replaced. Live. I guess as
long as they give the three-year warranty with those, right? Oh, yeah, they
still do the warranties on all of them, so, I mean, apparently they're stepping up
things to make sure that their turnaround time's a lot less, but... And aren't
they, like, giving away free Xbox Live or something with that, too? They are. They're
giving away, when you actually return the system, you'll get a free card for one
month of Xbox Live, valued at probably, like, five bucks. Now, is that something
that you can extend your current Xbox Live account with? I'm not sure if you
can extend your current one. I'd imagine you would, because it's just those
redeemable cards, the gold subscriptions. So, I'm not sure, but... Alright, well, one
thing I'm looking forward to playing on the 360 at some point is Tekken 6.
Hopefully it's coming to the 360, and they said, yep, I seem to remember they announced
it's coming to both systems. I don't know if it's coming to the 360 yet,
because I think that the arcade game's actually running off of PlayStation 3
hardware, so... Don't! No, we'll see. Well, anyway, Tekken 6 is still on its way. I guess...
I probably have a PS3 by then, anyway. Yeah, Dartusuius says, are you sure you're
not thinking of Virtua Fighter 5? Maybe I am. Yeah, Virtua Fighter 5's coming out in
October. Well, Tekken 6 is on its way, and there's a brand new fighter that's been
announced for Tekken 6, and that's Bob. Yes, he has the very unique name of Bob,
but the cool thing about Bob, he's a chubby. He's a chubster, and you don't see
a lot of fat guys in video games, especially in fighting games. Doesn't he
sort of resemble Mario with bleached hair? Kinda. Here's a picture of him right
here. He does kind of look like Mario with bleached hair. He's got the blue
jeans and a red shirt and suspenders, and then bleached hair. But, you know, the only
fat guys I can think of in video game history would be like, you know, Raiden
from... I think he was in one of the Neo Geo fighting games. I think he was in the
first Fatal Fury, I think. And there was... What other big fat guys were there?
T-Honda. T-Honda, but he wasn't fat. He was... He was a sumo wrestler. Yeah. There you go.
Karnov is what Jirnami says in chats. There you go. Yes, I guess he's a
stereotypical American, according to Nintendo Maniac 64. According to Japanese
Arcadia Magazine, who actually kind of broke the news on this, Bob used to be
into conventional beauty, but he got frustrated by how his size limited him,
so he got super fat. You go, boy. Awesome. Now what else is pretty neat? That Tekken
5 online is now online. And yes, it's kind of funny, but you can now download,
and not for free, but for $10, you can download and get survival mode, and then
I guess a practice mode, and of course the online mode. So, yay! They broke it and
then make you pay $10 to fix it. Hooray. Do you have Tekken on the PlayStation
Network? Fuck no. Because you know I don't even have a PlayStation 2. I'm not spending like 15 bucks for a
crippled game. I'm not really a Tekken fan. I mean, I don't play fighting games
that much, so much less do I play PlayStation 3 games much. All right, well,
one thing we like to do is we like to open up ye old mailbag once in a while
and read some of our favorite emails. Sadly, Dark Soccer is not here tonight, so
she's not here to read the emails for us, but I'm here, damn it. I'll read the emails.
Again, if you want to email us, mailbag at orangelaundry.com is the place to do
it. Our first email tonight comes from AZHP, and AZHP says, hey OLR, random
thought from last week's show that I forgot to say on the skype line. Saw the
live feed for about five seconds before live 365 got cut off and you killed the
operator. 11 feed. Rob is hot, call me later. Well, thank you.
That's awkward. Yeah, a little bit. P.S., just kidding. Keep up the great
podcasting. Less awkward. Funny. Let's go to another email. This email comes to us
from Ali. It could be Ali, actually. I think it's Ali. In episode 244, part A, you
got an email from someone who said your show is calming, and Rob exclaimed, I
don't understand. How is this show calming? This show makes me want to do
vehicular manslaughter to my cousins. I second that calming effect. I've been
doing the endurance races in Forza while listening to podcasts, and I must say,
it is when I listen to yours that I don't want to kill my Xbox. It cheats. Now
I need to say F you to my local EB Games. It is situated in a local burg separated
from the city, which is illegal to trade video games if you are under 18, and you
must have photo ID to trade video games. In other words, when I went to take my
stack of old Xbox games that have no replay value in to get Forza, I had to go
back home, drag my mom to EB, and make her show them her driver's license so I
could buy the E-rated Forza Motorsport 2, WTF. I would have called in to deliver
that rant, but I'm never home when you guys tape. Also, am I the only one who
finds the mouse acceleration and Bioshock unbelievably frustrating? I love
how in Battlefield 1942, Half-Life 2, and Counter-Strike, the mouse response is
snappy and rigid, but Bioshock has some weird acceleration built into it, or is
it because I'm playing in Vista? Oh, by the way, I'm playing Bioshock on my
dual-booting MacBook Pro. Suck it, Loki. Love the show, except the Mac hating, Ali.
There you go. Another fan mail for Loki. Well, maybe it's because he's doing that
whole dual-booting thing that his mouse is so screwed up. No, I have no idea. I
have not been able to play. Bioshock won't even run on my archaic PC, so I
couldn't tell you, but I'm curious, chat room, maybe is there somebody in chat
that's playing Bioshock on the PC that would care to enlighten us? Does the mouse
feel weird to you guys? What do you guys think about his other story where he
says that you cannot trade video games if you're under 18? You have to have
photo ID to trade games. You probably have a lot of theft of video games and
stuff, and people are just tired of dealing with it. So they're blaming the
damn kids. Yep, it's those damn kids. They make laws for reasons, so, you know,
obviously they've had reason to make such a law because, you know, they were
getting too much theft or people turn in stuff. I could understand needing a photo
ID. I don't understand the 18 thing, but... I think all of them require photo ID. Yeah,
they do now, so, I mean, 16 and up, I can see that. All right, well, let's go to the next
email. Goldbanjo14 in our chat room says, that law is bullshit. Let's go to the
next email in our mailbag. mailbagandorangelsrader.com. This one's not
signed, so I will attribute it to Nick C, and it's titled, I agree with Loki. Hi, my
name Nick, and I have been listening since I got a PSP when it first came and
found the OLR PSP website. I'm reading this as is, you guys. Wow, this is a
terrible email. I listen live once and a while and download the podcast all the
time. I'm thinking he typed it on his PSP, so I'm giving him a break.
So, listening to your podcast helped me out when buying a DDR game for my sister.
I agree with Loki on Apple. I hat every product made by Apple. People always get
made when I bash on Apple all the time, saying that Apple is good with their
crappy iPods and Macs that are overpriced. So, what do you think he meant
by hat? Was it hate or half? It's hate. I think it's half. It says, I hate
every product made by Apple. People always get mad, but I read it as is.
People always get mad when I bash on Apple all the time, saying that Apple is
good with their crappy iPods and Macs that are overpriced, and I hope they
unlock the iPhone so I can make fun of more people that bought an iPod that
makes calls. So, there you go, Loki. At least you have the bad grammar kids
agree with you.
Okay, you know, still though, you've got to admit, I mean, $600 for a phone?
Come on.
I mean, if it were a Microsoft phone, I would still be giving people crap for
it. I'm like, why the fuck are you spending $600 on a phone? That's what I
want to know.
Here's my thing. I'll tell you straight up right now. You know I love Macs and
all that stuff, so I'm not going to hate on it or whatever, but here's the
thing is that I did notice when I was at the airport this week, because I did
spend a lot of my week in L.A. this week, is that there are tons of assholes
out there with iPhones that don't even know how to use them. It's becoming
this trendy thing amongst men and businesswomen to use, and there's a lot
of assholes out there with iPhones, so go figure.
All right.
Because it's expensive and excessive, just like SUVs.
Hey, if you're an Apple fan boy, fan girl, and you bought one because you
want to support the great Apple in the sky, then go for it. It's all good.
No hate. No hate from here.
We'll do one more here. This is from Nate. Hi, Nate. Good day to you. I've
been listening to your podcast for a couple months now, starting with your
fifth anniversary show, and I find it very entertaining. I just want to let
you know that despite Sky's frequent admonishments of the show going off
subject, I find this very quality to be one of the most appealing aspects
of your podcast. I am but a poor commoner and don't have any of the next
gen systems, so I have to make do with the pre-DS and Wii Nintendo systems.
As such, a lot of the hot news regarding Xbox 360, PlayStation 3, etc., I
just don't have much interest in, although it is nice to keep up with
what's happening in the industry just for the sake of staying well informed.
Long story short, what keeps me coming back each week is the chemistry
between you guys, your weird but hilarious sense of humor, and yes, even
the bizarre rants and ostensibly off-subject forays into movies, comics,
social commentary, cat websites, etc. Oh, and of course, all that forbidden
sexual tension between Sky and Dark Sakura. Wow, that person obviously
doesn't listen to this show whatsoever. What? What? You may have missed a
small detail about me that would mean I would not think of Dark Sakura
like that, although I wish she was here to react to that. That would be
kind of funny. I'm going to leave that in the mail bag and see if she
reads it next week. And then he closes with, keep up the good work.
Thank you very much, even if that sexual tension is extremely misplaced.
Maybe I could do one more. One more? All right. One more from Nintendo
Maniac 64. Oh, boy. I've already said this twice in chat, but honestly,
this is important in my opinion. In the final area in Super Metroid,
below the four boss statues, make sure you only save in the first save
room. If you save in the second one, you've already gone past a certain
point where there's a room where its door is gray and deactivated,
resulting in you being trapped, except for being able to complete the
game. This would prevent you from going back and collecting any power
ups you may have missed. Note, I learned this the hard way. I even had
all the reserve tanks and energy tanks. So, boy, you got screwed,
didn't you? Sorry, buddy. Sorry to hear it. All right, that's it for
e-mail. Again, if you want to send us an e-mail, mailbag at
orangelaundry.com is the place to do it. Yes. Anyways, we touched on
this a little bit, I think, last week and a few weeks before. Neo Geo
titles are confirmed to be coming to the Virtual Console and as soon as
this month. In fact, September 11th, you'll be getting a few games,
including Fatal Fury, Magical Lord, and God, I can't remember the last
one. World Heroes. Those are each going to cost a whopping 900 Wii
points. No word on whether they're coming to the US. I imagine at some
point they will. Magical Lord is fucking awesome. I'm glad to see
that's, you know, in the initial allotment there, because I remember
playing that a lot. For some reason, you know, these grocery chains
around here had Neo Geo machines a while back, so while my parents were
checking out, I would be playing Magical Lord. I would think it's
inevitable that the game's going to come at some point. Yeah. State
side, I mean. But we'll see. We shall see. Alright, let's get on with
some release dates and things that you can check out long before these
Neo Geo games come state side. Although, we are going to start with the
Japanese release dates, so I guess we're doing things a little backwards.
Coming out on the Xbox 360, Fatal Inertia is coming out on September
6th, and that's, again, in Japan, if you want to check that game out.
Going over to some other systems, on the Nintendo Wii, there's this
game called Shin Chuka Taisen, Maikel to Meme no Boken, which is
coming out from Starfish, and this looks to be a game. I'm trying to
look at some of the screenshots. Looks like a little bit of a side
scroller, action-y type game, like a throwback to an old, you know,
like Mario type game. That's kind of cool. I wonder if they'll bring that state side.
Also coming out on the Nintendo Wii, nothing this week, but we can go
over to the PlayStation 3, and I can tell you that there is another
Pachinko game coming out. There's always something coming out.
And then, let's see, going to the PlayStation 2. Now, there's a lot of
stuff on the PlayStation 2, including Grand Theft Auto Liberty City
Stories finally making its way to the Japanese PlayStation 2 this week.
Also, Dear My Son, but that's S-U-N, Sun, is coming out this week, as
well as EA Sports Rugby 08, and Willow Wisp is coming out as well on
the PlayStation 2. Going over to the Nintendo DS, Theta is coming
out this week, and also a game from Bandai called, well, let's just
call it Mahjong, because that's what it is. It's a Mahjong game.
Let's just leave it at that. Really quickly, seeing if there's anything
on the PSP worth mentioning, Sony's putting out a game called
Rezel Cross. That might be kind of interesting. It's an RPG, and it's
from Sony themselves. The script is written by the folks who did
Ark the Lad 3 and 4, so if you like Ark the Lad, you might like this
game. There you have it, Japan releases.
In the US, on PlayStation 2, I hope you like Naruto, because Naruto
Uzumaki Chronicles 2 is the only PS2 game coming out this week.
On other systems, though, let's see, 360, we've got Medal of Honor
Airborne that's also coming out on PC. Stranglehold is also coming out
on Xbox 360, both the standard and collector's edition.
On PSP and DS, Worms Open Warfare 2, because the Worms games are
awesome. And, let's see here, on PlayStation 3, you
get a big fat nothing. And then, of course, on the Wii, Pool Party,
and no, that's not with water, that is billiards.
And, let's see, also on the DS, Garfield Nightmares, which I'm sure
is awesome, and PC games, two games that I have to love, I guess.
I Love Kittens and I Love Puppies. Hooray, I Love Kittens, that sounds
like fun. Let's see, other fun games, is there a Tycoon
game this week, because I'm going to be very disappointed if there is
not. And, no, no Tycoon game.
Nice, sorry to hear it. Well, going over to European release dates,
since Dark Sakura is not here, I still got a lot of love for you,
Europe. I'm going to go and look at your release dates real quick.
On the 7th, all these games on the 7th, Blazing Angels coming out on
Xbox 360 and the PC. This would be the secret missions from
Ubisoft. Crazy Taxi Fair Wars on the PSP.
Two Worlds makes its way to the PC and the Xbox 360.
And Valkyrie Profile 2 Slumera is coming out on the PlayStation 2.
God, that game came out over here like a year ago, didn't it?
Just about. God, it's about time you guys got it.
Sorry to hear it, folks. Alright, well, that's it for release dates.
Not that I think it's a real big disappointment that they haven't gotten
it yet. Well, there's some Valkyrie Profile fans
out there, I'm sure are sad. Anyways, there's an interesting game coming
out in Japan, of course, because, God forbid, you know, that something
like this come out over here. It's created by the team, Sega's Feel the
Magic team, and it uses voice recognition technology to decipher how
people really feel. It's called Koroko Scan, and apparently they
have a hilarious clip on YouTube that's talking, they're interviewing, I guess,
a girl and her boyfriend, and they were asking, I guess, how he feels
about living together and marriage and stuff like that, and I guess it came
up that he was cheating on her or something. Well, yes.
I want to play with that game. That'd be fun.
Any chances might come out over here? Nope, but, hey, thank goodness that those
games are region-free, so, awesome. Oh, that's right, you said you'd have to
be able to read Japanese to actually play them, so what the hell?
It doesn't matter. Alright, well, this might be a little more
mainstream, and this is coming out on the Nintendo DS, I don't know when,
I'm assuming, sometime within the next year or so.
The Legend of Kage, Part 2. Some folks, if you don't know how to pronounce
things right, might call this Legend of Kage, because this came out years
ago on NES, but The Legend of Kage is coming out on the DS, a new sequel
to it, and this was something that was spotted in Famitsu Magazine with
some screenshots and everything, so, pretty cool.
If you like The Legend of Kage. I know that's a NES game that a lot of
people liked, so. I think it's on Virtual Console now, right?
I think so. Possibly.
I thought I saw that it was coming back to Virtual Console, so there you go.
Well, if you are looking for a game that's not so mainstream and definitely
a lot cheaper, you may be interested in Rose Camellia DS.
Now if you're not familiar of Rose and Camellia, it's a women's slapping
game that's a Flash game right now, but it is being ported over to the DS
via the homebrew community, and actually it's funny, the guy that's doing
it happens to be French and needs help finishing the game, but still
though, if you want to check it out, you can definitely check out the
free Flash game site, and it is BeyondDS.free.fr.
For the record, that game is fucking rad. The slapping game, I love that game.
Slapping game, yeah. I love the slapping game. Have you ever played
the slapping game, the Flash game, Shane? I know you've been checked out
at the show. I think I tried to play it at work once and
it wouldn't work right. I'm sorry to hear it. It's a fun game.
It sounds funny, because you slap women. But you're a woman slapping
the women, so it's okay. It doesn't matter. As long as the woman is
getting slapped, all is right. Wow, you can send those cards and letters
too. What's your email? Miklatov? Anyhow. Also announced for a Nintendo
platform, not quite as huh, but it's pretty cool nonetheless.
Coming to the Wii, Worms, a space odyssey. It's another game in the
Worms series, and of course it will be taking advantage of the Wii's motion
control system, but what's really cool about this, online worldwide play,
which is not something you've been seeing a whole lot of Nintendo releases
lately, so that is certainly very promising. This was announced by an
official press release from THQ Inc. this week. Buying it.
You're that big a fan of Worms. I love me some Worms.
Just an FYI, there is still the Worms Open Warfare 2 being made for the DS
and PSP. Wow, they must still really have a fan base for these games,
because they crank them out left and right. Oh yeah.
Are you buying all of these games, Logie? No, I bought the very first one
that came out on the PC years ago, and that's the last one I bought.
I think the last game I bought was for the PC, and it was Worms Armageddon.
They do have one of the Worms games on GameTap, so that's one of the ones
I've played too. I've been meaning to buy the one on Xbox Live
Arcade, but I haven't got around to it yet. Alright.
One game I'm definitely going to be around to buying is Manhunt 2, and of
course people are still pissed off that the game got re-rated down to an M.
They want to know why they're demanding answers, and guess what?
The ESRB says, uh-uh, we ain't giving you no fucking answers.
So here's their statement basically. The FTC, the National PTA, the Kaiser
Family Foundation, and the Peter Hart Research team have all found that
parents are overwhelmingly satisfied with the ESRB rating system, rather
than publicly second-guessing what is unmistakably a strong warning to
parents about the suitability of particular games for children, which
presumably neither Senator Yee or the CCFC have personally reviewed.
We feel that a more productive tact would be joining us in encouraging
parents to take their ratings seriously when buying games for their
children. You show them.
So in other words, no, yeah, they re-rate it.
What do they change to re-rate it? Well, fuck off.
You don't get to find out. Actually, they can find out if they buy
certain versions of the game in other countries and check it against
them. Or maybe they didn't change much at all. Maybe they appealed or
something and got it. It's freakin' okay. 17 and 18-year-olds, come
on. We've discussed this before. There's not much maturity difference
between a 17 and 18-year-old, okay? It's just one gets more held
accountable to certain things. But other than that, really, and the whole
ESRB rating system is all fucked up anyway, so big deal. It's mature now.
What the fuck do you want? They just want it banned because they're
fuckin' hypocrites. We want to ban everything. Keep our children
safe. Oh my God. I'm more impressed that they did it this quick.
I mean, we all thought the game was just not going to come out for like
a year now because of this, and it seems like not even a month later,
it's all fixed. So it makes me think whatever they change wasn't that
much. It wasn't that much. It was probably stupid things. Remember
when we talked about Lair last week and how they had to change stuff
to get a teen rating, they couldn't show blood, but they could show
people being burned alive. I mean, like there's a big difference there
or something. So it's just, it's really stupid the requirements that
they have. It's just like the, you know, MPA, it's all fucked up. But
I don't know. I like how these people that haven't played the game at
all can criticize, you know, the rating system or anything like that.
They have no clue on what's going on, yet they're just like, oh, we want
the game banned. It's horrible. They're going to be selling it to
children, you know, despite the fact that it's, you know, over 17. Who
cares? If it's being sold to children and you're a parent, you're going
to just be like, oh my God, he bought it. I can't do nothing. It's too
late. Jimmy's going to go kill people now. What they need to do is just
say, hey, where'd you get that game? I'm taking this back. Or break the
disc in half or something. I don't know. You have control over your
damn kids. Do something. It's like they act like their parents are
powerless. It's like, oh no, he's got it in his hands now. I can't take
it away from him. We're doomed. Lots of comments from chat here. Fire
Bulma says, won't somebody think of the children? Let's see. Escapist
says, maybe they just had to excise some extreme cut scenes to Manhunt
2 down to an M. Son of Dad speculates, Manhunt wasn't changed. It was a
publicity stunt. Interesting. GS 191 says, I'm 19. I don't feel any
more different than when I was 17. Sure, I learned a lot of things, but
these people forget that there's a lot of kids that know the difference
between real and fake. Yeah, but isn't it fair to say, unfortunately,
there's some that don't, and there's even some 20-year-olds that don't?
Shouldn't you be more worried about your kids going and having underage
sex and doing drugs and all sorts of things like that, rather than
playing violent video games? I would think that you would be more
encouraging of kids playing games that require them not to leave the
house to do malicious things. I don't know about you, but I think,
given the two choices, I'll take my kids playing violent video games.
Fire Bulma in chat has a funny comment that says, my precious, unique
snowflake would never do drugs. Or play these violent video games, I'm
sure. I mean, seriously, how dumb are people? Really?
Who doesn't enjoy a little bit of violence once in a while? Do you like
violence, Shane? Yes. You do? Okay, that's good. No, only sometimes.
Only sometimes? What types of violence do you like?
The stuff that doesn't look too real. I can't stand the real stuff.
Okay. All right. Just wanted to give you some... Violence against women.
I just... Again, those cards and letters. You want to hear a funny story?
Sorry. Sure, why not? This refers to last week when we were talking
about Imagine Babies. I actually talked to the company that's making
Imagine Babies. I think Ubisoft's putting it up. And I mentioned to them
about the baby shaking. They did not know that.
They didn't? I'm like, you can rock the baby with one part.
I'm like, and if you shake it really fast, you're actually shaking babies.
So it was fascinating. I don't want them to change that.
They're not going to change that. Okay, good.
Good job, Loki, ruining Imagine Babies. I know.
Good job, ass. Wow, this show has gone to all sorts of places.
I didn't think it would go tonight. It's because Jamie's not here to keep us
in check and make pouty faces. And flip me off.
A lot of controversy going around about E for All, specifically when it comes to Electronic
Arts. Here's what's interesting is that there was
word going around that Electronic Arts had dropped out of the show this week because
I guess they suddenly didn't show up in some advertising material for the show, which
started to make people go, well, gee, who's left besides Nintendo and Konami and a couple
others? But Electronic Arts was contacted a little
later in the week, and EA has reaffirmed that, yes, they are going to E for All.
So if you want a chance to play Rock Band early, you still have a chance, because obviously
if EA is going, they're bringing that game with them, because they've trucked it everywhere
the past couple months. As long as the show is still on and my badge
forwards to my new address, like it should, I am planning to go to E for All.
I've already registered and all that crap and got the time off work, so...
I haven't registered yet, but I don't know if the wife would let me.
I should just register and just not go. Well, do whatever you want, but I'm going
to try and go, and if All Games is doing anything down there, I'm sure I'll hang with them.
Because otherwise I don't want to have to go by myself. It's going to be sad.
Shane, I might have to drag you with me if you can. Go. I don't know. Depending on what's
going on. Alright, well anything else in this Part A?
We're kind of running a short show tonight. I don't know what's up with that.
Oh, that's just Part A. That's just Part A. That's right. There's
plenty more to come. Tonight in Part B, we're going to be playing
a little bit of Beat the Host. So you might want to get your phones nearby
or your Skype line ready, because we'll be taking the first caller to play Beat the Host.
Not now, but when we come back and we tell you to call in.
And if you haven't heard Beat the Host, it's a lot of fun.
Stay tuned for tonight's Beat the Host. We'll be right back in a little bit with
more of Orange Lounge Radio.
