Tonight, September 30th, 2007, Halo 3 breaks big records, Blue Dragon gets free download content, and could Katana someday do battle with Wonder Woman?
I think Katana fighting Wonder Woman would be kind of awesome, actually.
Oh yeah, hi!
We'll get to that later.
Hi, welcome everybody to another week of Orange Lounge Radio.
We are that podcast on the internet dedicated to video games, gaming culture, the gamer lifestyle.
My name is Rob Roberts.
Joining me as always, say hello to DarkSakura, Jamie Summers.
I has a beer.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
What's up?
Somebody's replaced the desk with a laundry basket, and that's not exactly an even trade, I think.
But it holds the laptop just high enough so that it's easy to work on.
We'll get you one of those little school desks.
It's not a desk, it's a laundry basket turned upside down to become a desk.
Yes, our studio's kind of...
Ghetto tonight because we moved the desk out of here.
My roommate took his old desk and moved it into his room because he wants the computer stuff in there.
Just put the candy bowl on the ground.
Well then take your beer and put it where the beer was.
My beer is better.
Put the candy bowl on top of the pedestal, which I think is a trash can, and put the beer in the middle of the bowl.
Therefore, you have chocolate and a holder for the beer.
I would like to remind you, you're not listening to the 1UP podcast.
You're not listening to Gaming Windows Magazine podcast.
You're not listening to some podcast with a budget, okay?
You're listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
We like find change under the couch, and that's what we use to pay for this program, okay?
So...
There is some budgie going into the Halloween candy.
It's like five bucks right there.
Priorities, okay?
Priorities.
I want to know where the Tootsie Rolls are.
There are no Tootsie Rolls.
There are no Tootsie Rolls.
I do have brownies.
You want brownies?
Maybe.
There's no joke there.
I really do have little yummy brownies.
They are good, and they taste like coffee, too, like the Starbucks ones.
Anyway, though, I'm hoping that if we can get all the computer issues worked out, we can go out into El Garage, I mean the studio...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
I haven't lived with my parents since I was 15.
Ow.
Mommy, wow.
Someone asked special brownies, and once again, there is no budget for special brownies.
No, like we could afford marijuana even if we wanted to eat it, which I'm not really into that, so sorry.
Why would you want to eat marijuana?
Sorry to disappoint.
Well, apparently it gets you high.
Yeah, but it tastes like ass, so.
I can't stand the smell of marijuana.
Remember, kids, don't do drugs.
Don't we do video games once in a while here on this show?
DarkSakura, please save us from turning into the hashcast and tell us about your gaming week.
I play a lot of Ragnarok online.
A lot.
Dude, I played this game called Ragnarok.
It was so cool.
Okay, Rob, shut up.
Okay.
I'm a level 91 assassin now.
Been beating the shit out of ogres.
And I've also got... People are going to yell at me because you're not supposed to do what I'm working on.
Well, I was going to make an agility Spear Knight, and now I'm making an agility one-handed sword crusader.
So, um, but I am going to do a Spear Knight next.
Because Spear Knights are cool.
They have long pulls and poke things with them.
Wow.
Sounds kind of... I've not played any World of Warcraft.
In fact, I'm going to stop paying for it while my computer's down.
And I actually did not play any Pinball this week.
But, excuse me, Halo 3 in my house.
We had a bunch of people in our house doing multiplayer Halo campaigns.
Dan decided to get all of his buddies.
We had Will in one of the rooms and then our friend Alex, who's a crazy psycho ex-Marine.
Was that a LAN party?
A local area nerd party?
Yeah.
But they unbeaten on Legendary.
According to Dan, the way to beat Halo 3 on Legendary is to be an uber-sniper.
I've compared Legendary to Nightmare on Doom.
I seriously, like, I play the game on normal.
Okay, I would play on easy, but you don't get achievements on easy, so I'd play on normal.
I seriously died ten times in the first level.
I suck at Halo so bad, there should be, like, a charity for me or something.
It's sad.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.
No, I didn't.
Never mind.
Okay.
That wasn't this week.
Okay.
Oh, oh, oh, oh.
Oh, yes, I did.
It's a Flash game.
I found a Flash game.
What's that?
Dungeon Escape
and um it can be found and I'm trying to get the address for people it's at okay studiohunty h-u-n-t-y dot com slash dungeon and I'm going to link it in the chat room it's hilarious it's not just hilarious it's hilarious hilarious yeah I'm going to link it in the chat room alright well while that's being linked if there's nothing else for your gaming week we'll move on over to Loki how was your gaming week?
My gaming week was fine.
Let's see.
I started off playing Halo 3 on Legendary.
Single player because no one wants to fucking join my games, so fuck you all.
I'll beat it myself, and I'm better than you.
I'll play with you, but I'll probably hold you back.
So whatever.
I've been playing it by myself.
Wait, I want to know where all this sand in your vagina is coming from.
Are you sending out invites to people on your friends list?
I'm not sending out invites at all.
Well then, if you don't invite people, then how do you expect people to join your party?
I'm speaking like an internet celebrity or something that says people, you know.
Wake up, call!
No, really, I... You are not famous.
I have no patience to sit in the lobby for like... I am.
...a long time, so I'm just playing by myself.
That's because I have boobies.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Yes, I've seen him on Halo a couple times.
Well, he wasn't on there when I was on there.
Well, you should give him a call or something.
Say, hey, Bobby.
Oh, yeah, let me just... My phone that has everyone's phone number in it.
Oh, there it is, Bobby's number.
Oh, wait, no, I don't have Bobby's number because that's a mystical phone that doesn't exist.
Okay, now, really, yeah, I could send him a message saying, hey, you know, want to play some Halo 3?
But to be honest, I don't know when I'm going to be online to play Halo 3, you know.
I'm doing all sorts of busy stuff like, you know, going to see Eastern Promises and crap.
So, I don't know.
But, um, so, other than playing Halo 3, um, I've actually, well, of course, more Saints Row multiplayer and people are starting to get pissed off because, um, it's kind of unfair for them.
I've, like, been playing on other people's systems, you know, while they were gone or something and, yeah, my system is way better.
Like,
DarkSakura
It's so... It's such a you game.
It is.
It's really... I mean, it is not hard at all to play through the game at all.
And it's fun.
It's just stupid little things.
It's a great rental game.
I think it's also probably a good game to have friends over and just drink and play it and laugh.
On the PSP?
How do you play it with friends?
Well, not on the PSP, but it's also on PlayStation 2.
I don't have the PlayStation 2 version because my sister's still borrowing my PlayStation 2.
You need to call her up and say, Hey!
Bring it back!
I did say, Hey!
Bring it back!
But she hasn't brought it back yet.
You send out the troops.
And then, let's see... Other than that, I tried Driver 76 for the PSP.
That sucked.
Much like every other driver game known to man.
I'm not going to try the driver series anymore.
I'm going to stay away from it.
And I think that's pretty much it.
Oh, I've updated my firmware on my PSP Slim to 3.71 CFW or whatever the new...
A cookie theme?
A cookie theme.
Like?
Like peanut butter cookies and chocolate chip cookies.
Or Cookie Monster.
It's chocolate chip cookies.
And we'll show you.
It's hilarious.
Sony would like to remind you not to eat your PSP.
No, but it seriously is the cookie theme.
What about the OLR theme?
What happened to that?
I haven't made that yet.
I will get into that later.
I was going to say, I just had to pay to renew OLRPSP.com, our PSP site, this week.
Oh, it does look like someone ate your PSP.
Oh, I see.
It changes all the icons into cookies as well.
Hold on, I'll put that on the Op11 cam in a minute.
Get it?
It changed all that.
Don't eat the PSP, Jamie.
It's not healthy.
But no, there's actually one thing that I don't think is in the show roll tonight, but the Japan PlayStation site released the official tool to make themes.
So yes, we can make an OLR theme for the PSP.
And it's pretty sweet.
But there's some other ones on there.
They have like Wipeout and some pretty pink one that
Shadow Slayer says, Loki's PSP is delish.
DarkTexTV says, this is a PSP made of chocolate chips and cookie dough.
Could you imagine if the PSP could just make cookies?
It would be awesome.
It would be totally worth the price.
I've been growing fonder and fonder of the PSP this year and last year.
More so than when the thing first came out.
I've been more fond of the PSP this year.
It would be even awesomer if it made cookies.
I think more people would buy those than DSs if that happened.
They need to have like...
I don't know.
I don't know.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
I think most people that do probably went out and got the game unless you hate first-person shooters for some reason, in which case I find it hard to believe you got Xbox 360 in the first place.
To be honest, I was never a fan of Halo, and Halo 3 is pretty cool.
I think the matchmaking is pretty good.
I do admit I don't think the graphics are as great as other Xbox 360 games I've played, and certainly there's been news about that this week, which we'll get into a little later.
But you know what?
It's not all about graphics.
They are bright, though, and vibrant.
The only reason I've always loved Halo before was multiplayer, and multiplayer doesn't disappoint.
I mean, in regards, it is just Halo 2, but, you know, with more, and that's okay.
But if you're not a fan of Halo at all, I don't know if this is going to do it for you.
Because especially the single-player mode, man, it just throws you right in.
There's no backstory, no nothing.
I find it hard to follow because I'm not good at single-player, therefore I don't really play the campaign modes of the other games.
So anyway...
That's that.
Halo 3, and then World of Warcraft, I finally went back to after about a three-week vacation.
I decided to go back to World of Warcraft this week, and I'm trying to think how that's been going.
I just hit level 66, ran some instances with some friends over near Thralmar, I can't remember what that zone's called.
But yeah, back into World of Warcraft, which I missed a little bit.
And I'm glad I waited, because now I have a bunch of friends in the guild that are on the same level I am, so we're running instances together.
Good times.
Other than that, not a whole lot.
There was no new arcade release this week.
Did you notice that?
Am I the one that noticed that?
Like that they decided, you know, on Xbox Live Arcade that since Halo 3 came out, they didn't need an arcade release this week.
I mean, I guess they released like a Bomberman pack or something.
There was nothing new.
Am I the one that noticed that?
I was looking forward to something new on Wednesday.
Well, there wasn't anything new.
Because I want Puzzle Quest or something.
I think, well, just like, you know, you said, you know, you almost didn't notice that.
Well, I think probably a lot of people almost didn't notice.
Yeah, I think a lot of people probably didn't care because they were too busy.
They've been doing two a week, so that's pretty good.
Yeah, and our chatroom Henderson man says, I noticed I want Puzzle Quest.
Yeah, I kind of feel the same way.
There's all this cool stuff coming out that I want.
But Puzzle Quest isn't probably coming out until November because that's when the console versions are coming out.
But there's Rez and there's... Rez ain't coming out this year, okay?
I can tell you that much.
You're a jerk.
Just other stuff would be cool Omega 5, maybe I don't think Rez is coming out this year How about Castle Crashers?
Where the fuck's Castle Crashers?
Wasn't that supposed to be out last year?
Yeah Let's see, going to the chat room Sometimes our chatters like to post about their gaming weeks And I think my favorite gaming week Goes to AJ Mix in our chat room Says, my gaming week Legend of the Mystical Ninja on Wii Virtual Console And Halo 3
And I think he wins because Legend of the Mystical Ninja is awesome.
It is a pretty awesome game.
It is an awesome game.
Have you gotten to the place where you can play Gradius in one of the arcades?
Like little shops and games?
It's pretty awesome.
Take a look at that.
Alright.
Anyhow, let's get into some housekeeping for tonight, of which, again, we don't have a whole lot.
There's not been a whole lot of news going on with our show recently, so of course we'll continue to plug the community, such as our LiveJournal community at Orange Lounge on LiveJournal, our username, our MySpace at MySpace.com slash Orange Lounge Radio, our Facebook, I think it's called the OL Army or the OLR listeners or something on Facebook, and...
If you listened to the show a couple weeks ago, I don't really use Facebook that religiously.
And, of course, our website, www.orangeonstrade.com.
Next week is episode 250.
and although we're not planning a whole lot of big stuff for it because we already had our 5th anniversary show this year so we already kind of did fun stuff for that we're hoping to actually switch our location a little bit which for those of you that listen to us live and watch on the webcam might get a kick out of that and we're hoping to also bring some more interviews and just do some reshuffling of the shows if you have ideas, go post in our forums what kinds of things you'd like to see on Orange Launch Radio as we go into our next 50 episodes and 100 more after that and who knows how much longer we can get this show going
Anyway, let's get into some gaming news.
We'll start off with Loki tonight, some gaming news.
I don't know.
I mean, I'm not surprised.
We knew it was going to sell like crazy, and yeah, it's going to continue to sell like crazy.
Weren't they touting on Xbox.com or somewhere that it's like, biggest entertainment day ever?
Well, they're saying that their sales, you know, top that of like, I don't know, Spider-Man 3 or something like that, the box office gross, to which I say, Spider-Man 3 wasn't that great of a movie.
Also, it costs $9.50, maybe $10.50 depending on where you live to go to the movies to see Spider-Man 3.
And if you're cheap like me, you'll go to a matinee for $7.
But Halo 3, $60 plus tax for Halo 3.
So of course it made a shitload of money, right?
Oh yeah.
I mean, I don't know.
Is my math that screwed up?
I mean, we can do the math and figure out exactly how much it made.
I just don't care.
I mean, we all knew Halo 3 was going to make shitloads of money.
And that's really what the press release should have said.
Confirmed, Halo 3 makes shitload of money.
It made a lot of money.
And I mean, it's just going to help them out.
It'll sell consoles possibly.
I mean, although some people from other companies have come out and said, no, it's not.
People that already wanted, you know,
Halo 3, even Burger King is advertising it.
Money aside, I wonder why considering it's an M-rated game.
Good point, because usually Burger King advertises little child movies in Dora the Explorer, right?
I mean, I would say Burger King still advertises R-rated movies and that kind of stuff.
Do they?
I think so.
I mean, I don't know.
Can you get little toys with your mirrors there?
Well, you can get different things.
Actually, no, Jurassic Park was PG-13.
But here's the thing, though.
I mean, and it kind of goes back to the whole...
ESRB ratings.
There are no laws in place forbidding people from playing the game if they're under 18 or whatever.
It's really all just store policies and stuff like that.
Unless, of course, you're in specific states, which makes it a felony to sell a game to a minor.
But it's still not a law.
TigerClaw in our chatroom says, I wouldn't be surprised if the king suddenly ends up as an unlockable character in Halo 3.
That would be awesome because then he could shoot it over and over again.
That would be the best ever because he's really freaking disturbing.
I know.
Then I want Ronald McDonald in the Grimace.
I would rather not have him in there, to be honest.
No, it would be kind of jump in the shark.
Yeah, it would be.
They've already whored themselves out enough for Halo 3.
Maybe in Halo 4.
I mean, it was everywhere.
We don't need it to be quite that everywhere.
Brad from PodCulture is in our chatroom and says, The guy ahead of me in line for Halo 3 dropped $800.
He bought the Legendary Edition, the Halo version of the 360 console, the two Halo controllers, and some other crap.
$800 on Halo.
And he's a consumer whore.
And how.
Damn it.
Beat you to it.
Well, I see, oh my god.
360 Halo 3 system, that thing is not selling as well as I think they thought it would.
I think it's butt ugly.
It's stupid.
I mean, it's a paint job for 50 extra bucks.
I think because most people already bought the 360 that were anticipating Halo before they announced this.
It's a system that doesn't include Halo 3 that's for 50 extra dollars that's a weird color.
I mean, that's kind of stupid.
At least you could do a throw in the game.
I mean, come on.
Did anyone go out to the midnight sales or hear about them at all?
No.
Although, and I... God damn, I meant to get... My husband was out one because he sold.
And what did he say?
Did he say anything about it?
He said they were butt ugly.
The people?
No.
Oh.
I was going to say, actually, our manager in Dallas, Texas, he dresses up like
A Spartan.
He has an actual Spartan costume.
It looks cool, too.
He went out to some Dallas launches and stuff and walked around and did fun stuff like that.
But I don't get it.
I mean, it's cool.
I just don't want to do every single midnight.
It's like you've seen a midnight launch, then you've seen them all.
I mean, it's just someone else cosplaying as something else.
and long-ass line and people waiting and excited about something.
I mean, really, that's kind of what it is.
It's interesting because Halo 3 is pretty awesome, but it's not going to be the game of the year for me.
And I think for a lot of people, it's not... I don't think it's going to be the game of the year.
A lot of people were going to... Oh, it's going to be worth the wait.
I mean, it's good.
In fact, it's better than good.
It's great.
But I don't think it's going to be game of the year for me.
I can already think of at least one game that's very similar to Halo that's better.
It didn't even have multiplayer mode.
Well, I mean...
I don't think a game really needs to have the best graphics or have the best whatever.
It's all about the best gameplay.
It has great gameplay.
Halo 2, before Halo 3 came out, was still on the top 10 most played game on live.
Now Halo 3 will just take that spot and people will still buy it.
What makes a good game, though, is...
The fact that even throughout time, as new games come out, people are still interested in that game.
It's just like when Saints Row 2 comes out or whatever, people are going to be still playing Crackdown or the original Saints Row, or Grand Theft Auto 4.
When that comes out, everyone's going to forget about a lot of other games as well.
I don't know if it's just me or the people on my friends list, but I notice a lot of my friends lists don't play.
They're very much in the now.
I only ever see people playing the current games or the games that have come out within the past month.
Obviously this week it's been Halo 3.
I'm sure everybody's friends list was like that.
But before that it was all Bioshock.
And you don't see anybody playing Ridge Racer 6 anymore.
It's very interesting.
Not a lot of people playing the old stuff.
I don't know.
I thought it was interesting.
Anyway, I think this is kind of interesting too, is that there's some Halo 3 errors, some disc errors that are pissing people off.
The Legendary, I'm sorry, not The Legendary, but the limited edition versions of the games apparently have some scratched disc copies of Halo 3.
It's causing some disc read errors, even on some consoles, the Red's Ring of Death.
That's bullshit.
Yeah, I don't know about that, if one little disc skip can cause that.
But, you know, the things are all under warranty anyway, so it shouldn't be too big of a deal.
But certainly people that wanted to get their Halo on launch night are pretty pissed off that the limited edition copies are scratched.
Now naturally they have a replacement disc program in the works and all that stuff, but you can be sure that somebody's probably getting fired over this.
Well, all it was was the crappy packaging and caused the disc to fall off the hub because it was a piece of crap.
And I don't understand why, because in other countries they had a piece of foam and they're holding the disc in place.
There is a replacement program in place right now for both the Essentials disc and the normal game disc.
And also, on top of all that, the whole Red Ring of Death thing, could it possibly be, and this is kind of a stretch for me, could it be possibly that you're playing it for so many hours straight that the console is overheating because of that?
Because it's poorly ventilated.
I think that's what the Red Ring of Death would be caused by.
In fact, I mean, it's because of a chip overheating.
It's not because of a discrete error is not going to cause your chip all of a sudden to explode.
No, it's Bill Gates' fault, obviously.
Right?
Obviously.
Because he did it himself.
That's right.
Because he went out there with a knife.
He took a pin and scratched it.
An exacto knife.
I mean, scratch all those CDs.
To kind of draw a parallel here, I would say, for example, let's just say, this is about as ridiculous as saying, okay, if there was a certain car that had problems with their tires popping or something like that, and now there's a rumor going around saying that if you insert a certain CD into your CD player that your tire is going to explode.
I mean, that's about how ridiculous it is.
Interesting comments from chat.
Weedoo says, not so in New Zealand, Loki.
My store's limited editions were all scratched.
Piccaruno says all Japanese editions had foam inserts.
That's a good idea.
Because they package games better there.
Yeah, they do package the games a little better there.
They should also, you know what they should do is they should have like, you know, cases that have rose petals and daisies inside them.
Well, it was stupid that they had like these just little hubs on there that weren't, you know, the kind of locking ones that they'd have in normal DVD cases.
So yeah, somewhat did fuck up and it's stupid.
Luckily mine was not scratched, so.
All right.
Well, good for you, Loki, not having a scratched Halo 3 game.
Ours wasn't scratched either.
I bought the regular one.
I walked in the day after the midnight sale.
I walked in that next day.
I walked right into Fry's.
They had a humongous Halo 3 setup with just DVDs coming out Master Chief's ass.
I mean, there were so many games.
I was just like, oh, pick one up.
That was it.
Well, speaking of Master Chief's ass...
You should check out this charity Halo 3 action figure of the Master Chief.
It's very chickly.
It's an 11.5 inch figure right now going for $241.
It only has three bids on it at the time of this article.
But they are donating 10% of the profits to the American Breast Cancer Foundation.
Master Chief is a very hot chick.
Mistress Chief or, you know, Ms.
Chief if you're nasty.
I don't know.
I don't know, it looks stupid to me.
It looks like someone took like a fucking figure for like Witchblade and stuck the Master Chief helmet on it.
I mean, that's seriously what it looks like.
Yeah, I'm not really interested in the figure either.
And as the comments to the story, you know, even kind of, they're like, okay, seriously though, there's like no body armor in like the midriff there.
I mean, you could just shoot her in the boobs and she'd keel over.
Does she have her ass cheeks?
Does it have the assless suit on it?
Hmm.
It looks kind of retarded.
The hell game have you people been playing?
Can't you set your character as a female in Halo 3?
Yeah, but she doesn't look like that.
Yeah, and it changes nothing in the main appearance.
Of course, it's body armor.
It's unisex body armor.
That's right.
Don't need it.
Hey, do we remember Tex in Red vs. Blue?
I don't really watch Red vs. Blue.
Red vs. Blue is great, Rob.
I don't watch it, because I don't get Halo jokes, because I'm not huge on Halo.
Rob, it's great.
Why don't you watch everything that's great?
I know.
Why can't I be like everybody else?
Seriously.
God.
Anyways.
Why can't I be a robot instead of an alien?
Hero's joke, by the way.
Hope you all saw it.
Anyways.
Someone save this show, please.
As good as the first episode.
Forza 2 and Marvel Ultimate Alliance
This is going to be for both the premium system and for the elite system.
And both of those systems will be still the same prices that they are now, just you get two free games.
Hooray.
Then, of course, the other new bit of info is that the core system is going to be discontinued.
And in its place is going to be the Xbox 360 Arcade SKU, which is going to have a 256 megabyte memory card, a
Disc with 5 Xbox Live Arcade games including Boom Boom Rocket, Pac-Man Uno, Feeding Frenzy and Luxor 2 and it's going to have an HDMI out on it as well with a wireless controller all for $279.99 which I think is good that they're getting rid of the core because I know a big complaint I always hear is why would you get the core system you can't save your game
and now you can't.
Because you buy the core and then you buy a hard drive but then you might as well just buy a premium.
But at least this way you don't have to.
Right out of the box you can save your game.
I just think that because when I got my Xbox 360 that's what I had to do.
I bought a core and then bought a hard drive because you couldn't get Xbox 360s like anywhere when they first came out.
Remember that?
They were like Wii's a couple years ago you couldn't get them anywhere.
Crazy.
And of course this is just a rumor right now.
Well, yeah, but you know what we say about Microsoft rumors.
They're always true.
Yeah.
No, I mean, pretty much all the time.
I mean, unless somebody completely pulls it out of their butt.
But usually, you know.
Usually there's any sense of legitimacy to it whatsoever.
It's true.
I'm going to go on a limb here and say back about a month ago when they showed that whole UK rumor, they actually had pictures to go along with it.
And I've seen pictures to go along with this stuff, so I'm going to take a wild guess and say that
Pac-Man Fever Halo Fever
Halo 3 Halo 3 Halo 3
and then here he is on the TV.
Hi, here I am.
Somebody got caught.
Also, if you wanted to also draw straws a little bit more, he probably wasn't over 18 either, or 17.
Well, no, not if he was nice.
Well, get this.
Oh, that's right.
He didn't even get carded for the damn game.
Well, no, because M is 17 or over, so he's probably okay.
I didn't say if he was a senior or what.
We'll assume he's a senior.
All right.
But he told the radio station KIRO that he was being feared that he would be put in detention or that other students would taunt him or whatever.
And he has no regrets about Halo Fever and says that meeting Bill Gates was the greatest moment of his life.
And I find that kind of shocking that the school did not bust him and that the parents called him sick for him with this whole Halo thing.
I mean, wasn't it?
You know what?
You know what?
Hey, your BFF Bobby Blackwolf is in chat, Loki.
I believe Bobby was there from what I was reading in his LJ.
I don't know if I have it all together.
But Blackwolf says he was not the first person in line.
He was the first person who was of age.
There were two people in front of him that were underage.
They were skipped.
So then he was of age.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
I could tell you right now I'll probably be skipping work when Grand Theft Auto 4 comes out.
Naughty Naughty!
Whatever.
Jamie, surely there must be a disciplinarian inside of you that thinks there's something wrong with this picture that he's not getting in trouble or his parents are not being mocked openly for basically lying for him for this Halo 3 thing.
I don't think that there was a necessity to lie.
So he stayed up past his bedtime.
God damn.
No dessert for a week.
and then I had to go in to like band the next morning.
I was so tired.
I did take a week off of school to play Final Fantasy 3.
Was my mom going to call the school and say I was sick because I was playing video games too late?
She'd say, hell no.
You did this.
You still got to go to school and you just suffer.
Anyway.
Moving on.
Too much time on this story.
New story please.
Yep.
Alright.
Well.
Well.
For anyone who was curious as to the details behind Bizarre and Activision, basically, it was actually quoted by their commercial director saying that they were trying to find a long-term partner association that they wanted to work on just making good games and not have to deal with the development side of everything.
So that's why they brought them in.
They made Hot Sweet Love.
Yes, they did, and hopefully we'll get a nice baby out of it.
Activision's been buying people up lately, because they took over Guitar Hero, too.
Remember?
Yeah.
Activision's got money.
They bought Red Octane.
Hurrah.
Well, sorta.
Yeah, no, they bought them.
They acquired them.
Well, right now, though, as far as any upcoming releases, the only thing...
Project Gotham Racing 4
Well, it will be probably put out by Activision or... Does that mean it's going to be multi-console?
PlayStation 3, Project Gotham 5?
How can this be?
I don't know.
We'll see.
Or Project Gotham 5 will be developed by another studio.
You know, much like Guitar Hero now is being developed by someone else as well.
Anyways...
Um, so, something kinda cool, um, Tetris Splash is coming to Xbox Live Arcade, and, um, apparently, uh, it's gonna be Tetris all over again.
Hurrah, because if you didn't get your fill, was it Tetris, um, not Grandmaster, I don't know, the last Tetris game that came out, Evolution, whatever the fuck it was called, uh, well, you'll be able to play on live.
4 players offline, 6 players over live, and lots of blocks in multi-colors and apparently a very creepy woman announcer
Hooray for creepy women announcers.
Boo for the fact I already bought Tetris on the Xbox 360 and probably paid way more for it than I should have, but I guess that's my own damn fault.
What was that Tetris game called that was the disc version?
I don't know.
Obviously it wasn't memorable.
Yet another Tetris game now on 360, is that what it's called now?
I guess.
I mean... Tetris and Pac-Man, seriously, stop...
Making new games.
Or just re-releasing your old games, I guess.
So, like I said, they're moving it to another developer, much like Guitar Hero 3 moved to a different developer.
I said I got owned, not you got owned.
Yeah.
Yes, you did.
Project Gotham Racing Project Gotham Racing Project Gotham Racing
I love the game because I played the original flat out over and over and over again, playing the ragdoll mode in it where you can just launch the driver through the windshield and do the high jump and stuff.
I don't know, I just, I like breaking stuff and launching drivers through Windows and watching them get hurt.
Why, same reason I'm playing Jackass.
Yeah, I noticed this theme here.
You enjoy Jackass the game, you enjoy launching people through Windows.
I seem to remember there's that PlayStation Network game that's like a crazy guy that, you know, does, what was that called?
Best Pain or whatever?
Yeah.
That you were all giddy about.
See, you chuckle.
You chuckle like a little kid who's setting fire to things in the back of the class.
If only they had that game.
Back to the Classroom Pyro, the game coming to Xbox Live Arcade.
One game I enjoyed quite a bit more than the average person, and I'm not sure why.
Maybe just because I like Japanese role-playing games.
Or maybe I have such a boner for Chrono Trigger that I was able to look past the fact that the game wasn't the greatest RPG of all time.
But it wasn't bad either.
Blue Dragon.
and one thing that, you know, I was, one of the negatives I was seeing about Blue Dragon is that it's kind of easy.
I mean, if you just take the time to level up in the very beginning of the game, you're always two steps ahead of the enemies and only the boss fights really prove to be difficult.
Well, guess what?
Blue Dragon has come out and said, you don't think the game is hard enough?
Here's some free download content that will up the difficulty of the game.
You don't think the hard is game enough?
Don't worry.
What?
We got covered you.
You were about to say that.
I was just showing my translation skills from the Japanese text, original.
The Ultra Hard mod gives three new aspects to the game.
New Game Plus, or Game Plus, which is like, gee, they had this in Chrono Trigger.
You just start the game over again with all the stats that you had when you last ended.
But there's also now Hard Mode, which is...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Clip or movie or something for beating it on one of these ultra hard modes.
But nope, you just get the satisfaction of knowing you're better than everybody else at a game no one seems to care about.
So congratulations to you.
Don't play a hard game, play Earth Defense Force 2017.
I will say though, I'm thankful that Microsoft is putting out, or I guess I shouldn't say Microsoft because the devs charge us.
Microsoft is putting out.
Yeah, Microsoft is putting out quite well.
But no, the developers and Miss Walker and everybody is putting out the game
or the putting out the content for free.
Actually, I believe Microsoft did publish it themselves.
Mistwalker just developed it.
So they did decide to charge nothing for it.
So hooray for Microsoft.
Thank you for putting out.
Yes, we like it when they put out.
Speaking of putting out, for the most recent...
Offering from Capcom in the Super Street Fighter 2 series.
Turbo Remix for MatchingService.com 4chan edition.
They are having two characters confirmed.
It will be Cammy and M. Bison, who in the Japanese version is Vega.
I thought it was supposed to be all the same people.
They're just making them all pretty.
They do look very high-def-y.
There's some pictures on here.
Not me with her humongous thighs.
Well, people are saying her humongous camel toe, but... Well, that's always been Cammy.
Go Cammy!
Is that where she got her name from?
I don't know.
But if you can't wait for Super Street Fighter 2 HD Remix, you can possibly find some other fun games at your local stores this week.
Including, if you happen to be a fan of basketball games, well, there's going to be plenty of them.
With both NBA Live 08, NBA 2K8, and NBA 08 coming out this week on the 2nd of October.
and, of course, Live and 2K will both be on PlayStation 2, PlayStation 3, the 360, and then, of course, Live being on the Wii, making its first basketball game appearance, and, of course, on the PSP as well.
And then, let's see here.
If you're not a fan of basketball games, then maybe you're a fan of some of the other games from NVIDIA, including Crash of the Titans and...
Spiro, or Legend of Spiro, The Eternal Night and those are supposed to be coming out on PlayStation 2 for both and then of course on Crash PlayStation or Xbox 360 and the Wii DS and Game Boy Advance
Then on PSP, a kind of crappy rip-off of WarioWare.
HotPixel is coming to that system on the 2nd.
What's funny, though, is when they released it over here, they decided to spell out Pixel, P-I-X-E-L, instead of just the P-X-L, as it was in other regions.
Also, most systems, Spider-Man Friend or Foe,
MLB Power Pros DS Jackass The Game
and, uh, on PSP, Syphon Filter.
Do I want to know how you use the touch screen and jackass the game?
Because that sounds kind of scary.
I don't know, but it'll be interesting.
Uh, then some smaller games here.
Um, okay, well, maybe not a smaller game, but Legend of Zelda, The Phantom Hourglass is coming out this week.
And it actually might already be out if, you know, you happen to be at the Nintendo World Store.
Um, other stuff coming out on the Wii this week, uh, Dave Mirra's BMX Challenge, which is crap.
Um,
and then of course the DS also has Race Driver, Create and Race, Kurupoto, Cool Cool Stars, Crayola Treasure Adventures, Arctic Tail, all which sound kind of crappy, and let's see here, Backyard Football, 08, Master Jinjin's IQ Challenge, Paws and Claws, Dogs and Cats,
And then on the PC, of course, all sorts of random stuff, including a brand new Tycoon game Because what would it be without a new Tycoon game almost every single week?
Rock Tour Tycoon Man, they're really drawing in straws now Scraping the bottom of the barrel Sounds like fun
Oh, and flat-out Ultimate Carnage on Xbox 360, as I mentioned earlier.
Nintendo Maniac64 says, I want to see Jackass Wii, where you throw Wiimotes.
Like, maybe it just puts a big target on your TV and you're encouraged to destroy it.
They've got some weird little games in that.
One of them is the Elephant Poo Dive, where you're diving off of a skyscraper into a big bucket of elephant poo.
Oh, you know how to sell a game.
And then they've got another one where you're rolling down a...
Ski Slope, kind of like Katamari and you're rolling over things.
They've got a bunch of fun stuff in there.
Definitely worth a rental at least.
And it's cheap.
Well, moving on, going to the Japanese release date.
It's not a huge week in Japan, but if you've been sitting around Japan, you've been going, God damn, I want a new Dragon Ball Z fighting game.
I mean, there's just...
Not enough Dragon Ball Z fighting games out there on the market.
Well, shit, you're in luck this week because on the Nintendo Wii, Dragon Ball Z Sparkling Meteor is coming out on the Nintendo Wii.
I believe that's on the PlayStation 2 as well.
Sparkling Meteor.
Thank God that those don't come over at the same subtitles.
Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
Super Famicom
Guitar Hero over there, and I don't think they're getting Rock Band.
So this is what you get in Japan instead.
You get Guitar Freaks and Drum Mania.
Of which I have not played V3 or V4 in the arcades at all.
I played V2, which was pretty much the same game.
If you will, imagine V2, but instead of a 2, there's a 4 there.
And you'll be pretty damn close.
Alright, alright.
Fair enough.
Smartass.
What if there's good songs, though?
I mean, you know, those games are only as good as the songs or whatever.
Forget it.
Yeah.
A chibi little baseball game on the PlayStation 2 called Jikuyu Powerful Pro Major League 2 is coming out.
It looks like if the cast of Worms starred in a baseball game, that's what you'd get.
That's MLB Power Pros over here.
Oh, really?
Koharu no DS Ushigohan Shokuji Balance Guide Suki
and this... What the hell do you do?
It looks like a game where you put in what you've been eating.
It shows you little pictures of food.
It's a nutritional guide.
Yeah, and it shows you how many grams of fat and how many K-cals you're eating and all that good stuff.
Another thing, real quick.
I think that's a smart idea to bring something like that out over here, actually.
There's enough people that own DSs that would be interested in that.
That Crimson and Black DS ain't only coming out in Japan.
Oh, really?
This week.
On the PSP, Gundam Battle Chronicle On the PSP
Mina no Golf Ba Volume 3, which I believe, isn't that just their hot shots over there?
And then Shin Sangoku Mosu, Dynasty Warriors, goes into the best hits on the PSP.
So if you're a fan of Dynasty Warriors, price cut, enjoy that.
That's your Japanese release dates.
Horribly butchered pronunciations, courtesy of me.
How about Europe?
Well, there is some, well, a little fun.
There's Hour of Victory on PC, NBA 08.
Hour of Victory comes out on the first, NBA 08 comes out on the second.
A bunch of stuff for the fifth.
There's Blitzkrieg 2 Liberation, Cookie and Cream on DS.
CSI 3, Dimensions of Murder and then CSI Hard Evidence on PC and Xbox 360 Dead and Furious on DS Deadhead Fred on PSP Final Fantasy Tactics, The War of Lions on PSP, Glory Days 2 Brotherhood of Men NFL 08 and Tiger Woods PGA Tour 08 Hooray
PS3, PS4, PS5, PS6
Which will also probably come true.
One of which is going to be that the FCC has filed a... Or had a filing for a brand new PlayStation 3 model.
And no word on what it is yet.
But most likely it's going to be that 40 gig system that just... That rumor won't die.
That one that's supposed to be coming out for $399 or $299.
Depending on who you're talking to.
Um...
And apparently, the specifications for it so far, it will have Wi-Fi, obviously it's going to have Bluetooth, etc.
And they're identical to the other PlayStation 3 models right now.
So, you know, it's not going to be like the 20-gig system where it doesn't have any, you know, Wi-Fi or stuff like that.
But, still though, it's coming.
Whether Sony, you know, admits to it or not, it will be coming soon.
I bet you that you're going to get an announcement probably any day.
Good times.
Coinciding with the same thing where they had one of those, it was the Blu-ray deals that they have going on right now for the PlayStation 3 where you buy the system and get five Blu-ray movies.
Well, that also had the same new SKU number on there as well.
So that at least confirms that there will be a new SKU.
Whether it be a 40-gig system or God knows what other size hard drive they're going to throw in with it, there is a new SKU coming.
Hmm.
All right.
Well, Kaz Hirai has commented recently on the PlayStation 3, saying, The PlayStation original price was just right.
Nah, nah, nah.
I have no regrets about releasing this for such a high cost, even if everybody seems to have a problem with it.
Well, then you have no regrets for nobody buying it.
Okay, hold on.
That's not exactly what he said.
Okay, here's a quote.
Quote, The PS3 has been on the market less than a year in the U.S.
and Japan.
And what is it?
Less than that in Europe?
I love that because he doesn't even know.
It's difficult right now to say who's where.
Clearly, we've never started from a position of strength, and we've always had to catch up with every generation of hardware that we've brought into the market.
You know, interesting point that I think back to the PlayStation 1, and that is kind of true, what he's saying.
But I seem to recall with the PlayStation 2, they were kind of the big deal right out the gate.
I don't think they ever really...
I mean, I don't know, maybe you'd know more about Dreamcast versus PlayStation 2, Jamie, but I seem to recall, you know, as much as we love Sega, I think Sony was always whooping their ass from the get-go, weren't they?
Sadly.
Yeah, so, you know...
But I mean, we also, over here, we had to deal with the problems of coming back from the Saturn versus the PlayStation, as you'll recall.
Over here, the Saturn didn't have the proper support to make it the big machine like it was in Japan.
In Japan, they had all of the 2D games.
All of the best stuff came out on Saturn.
You know, I don't know.
I think this is just excuses, though.
I mean, if you think about it, their whole thing is, well, we haven't been out as long as the 360, so that's why we haven't sold as many units.
No, you still have not figured out why you haven't sold that many units yet.
And that fact right there is scary as it is.
If you can't figure out why your system's not selling, I mean, dude, it's your fucking price.
I mean, that's why the Panasonic 3DO didn't take off, because it was $700.
Well, that's what Rob was asking.
Wait, quick, name one game on the 3DO.
Five.
Road Rash.
Four.
And it had You Don't Know Jack.
I remember playing that game.
Back to what Rob asked.
I bet most people wouldn't have passed that challenge.
Sorry.
I think that part of the reason why the Dreamcast didn't take off so well over here was just coming off of the American failure of the Saturn.
Because overseas, it was the shit.
That's why I imported all my games on Saturn.
And the Dreamcast, to me...
Saga's Place as far as systems go
and then they've just turned it right around because I honestly think that they're looking into the actual thing that gamers want instead of the thing they think gamers want.
You know what I mean?
If they want to catch up, they need to put out the $3.99 SKU and then they need to start putting out some better games because I think with that price point being in place, people will be more likely to buy the system, developers will be more likely to make games for it, etc.
It's interesting you bring that up, that whole Microsoft took Sega's place thing, because then you even put... I've thought the same thing, actually.
And it's kind of interesting, because you even throw that Peter Moore thing, because he was with the Dreamcast, and then he did the... He's not with Microsoft anymore, but he was definitely a big part of 360.
It makes it even more eerie, that whole comparison.
Anyway.
We can move on with the news now, sorry.
Just random sidebars.
Really, can I?
Yes.
Actually, maybe I should go to the chat and see what's going on in chat.
I'm sorry if I mispronounce this.
It's either Wet2 or We2.
I think it's We2.
There's no A in it, though.
It says, Dreamcast sold really well in New Zealand, but PlayStation 2 killed it.
Misty said, I never got PlayStation 2 until DDR.
And if I recall correctly, I got my PlayStation 2 at the same mall GameStop that I got my little DS Lite bundle at.
BlackWolf says, wasn't Tempest 2000 on the 3DO?
Jaguar.
That was the only game worth getting on the Jaguar.
There was another one on Jaguar.
Okay, one other Jaguar game.
But yeah, it was all about... And now you can get Tempest 2000 on damn near everything else.
MrDeBucket says, Peter Moore says, 9-9 of 99 is still the biggest day in media history.
Fuck Halo 3.
That's right, because the MTV Music Awards were on 9-9 of 99, weren't they?
I was sitting in line for my Dreamcast.
We can move on.
Please, let's move on.
That's what I was doing, except for when I ran over and bought a book and then came back and waited in line.
Wait, BlackWolf says 3DO, Jaguar, same thing.
Dude, compare the controllers sometime.
The Jaguar came with a dictionary for a controller.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Now, the Steel Battalion Controller is freaking awesomeness.
It was one eject button short of a Steel Battalion Controller.
That's what it was.
Hey, I bought my husband a Steel Battalion Controller for his birthday.
All right.
Because I'm the best wife ever.
All right, chat room, please stop derailing the show.
Yes, please.
Jamie, let's move on with the news.
Okay.
There was a recent FCC filing for a 40 gigabyte PS3, and Sony isn't saying crap about it.
They are...
Really not saying crap about it.
I don't see any statements, no nothing.
Because they're like, oh shit, not again.
There is no 40 gig system, just like there was no PSP Slim, or no rumbling controllers.
Well, at any rate, it's there.
They're not saying anything, end of story.
Or no 80 gig system.
Hmm.
I've taken it.
Well, I already got mine.
Why does it seem like the hard drive is the only thing that freaking changes on that system?
Because you don't get it.
Well, people must not like it because it doesn't have a large enough hard drive.
Well, put something for me to put on the hard drive.
Bigger is better, Rob.
Oh, well.
Well, Rob, you know you can convert your videos over.
Oh, wait, but there isn't really an easy way to do that.
Oh, and they don't really tell you how to.
Next story, I'm angry.
Sorry.
I use it for putting videos on there.
I have a copy of Kung Pao on there.
Whoop-de-frickin-do.
Hey, Kung Kao's an awesome movie.
Don't talk bad about it.
Steve Odekirk needs to fucking make a sequel.
Anyways.
Somebody linked a picture of the Jaguar controller in chat.
How is that thing supposed to... That's like an original Xbox controller, okay?
Where you have to have, like, gorilla hands to be able to hold that thing.
Gorilla hands.
See, with it being that big, it makes one sort of wonder about the Saturn Dual Analog Controller, but that one is one of the single most comfortable controllers ever.
And they wonder why the Xbox didn't sell in Japan.
I mean, you need like three Japanese hands to hold the Xbox.
I will point out to you that when they released the Xbox in Japan, it did have a smaller controller.
Which they released here.
Which I made Dan buy me because, I'm sorry, look at these short fingers.
You do not have gorilla hands.
Look at my fingers.
You have petite little girly hands.
Alright, anyways, so it's been confirmed the price of Rock Band, and a date for Rock Band has been announced.
Rock Band will come out on the Xbox 360 and PlayStation 3 on Black Friday.
Thank you, EA, for $170, and of course that is the bundle, which is going to include both...
A guitar, a drum set, microphone, and the game.
Of course, the game by itself will also be available for $60 in case you just want to play the guitar version and own a guitar from Guitar Hero.
However, what is kind of new is they announced that there will be a PlayStation 2 version for the low, low price of $160.
You save $10 and...
That is coming out on December 10th.
Of course, we'll feature these same things as well.
What I find interesting is that they came out with a PlayStation 2 version.
Something tells me it's because they like money.
You got to play Rock Band last week.
Is it worth it?
For that price?
Yeah, I think so.
I was going to buy it for $200.
Good.
I'll come over and play yours because I don't feel like dropping that kind of money on a video game.
Well, hopefully you'll get a pretty decent discount.
I wish they would send me a copy for free I'll buy the game itself
for a game I'll play once and you know it I'm only going to play it like once probably because you know we don't have people over all the time I don't see my roommate being somebody where I'm going to be all like hey let's bust out Rock Band and get down it's a party game it's a total party game speaking of Guitar Hero 2 whatever fucking happened to their effector pedal or something that was going to be added later on I built one of those effector pedals and now it's for nothing
Haha.
Very disappointing.
Not that it cost me any money to do that, but, you know.
Still, very disappointing.
Because it works, too.
Except it doesn't do anything.
Anyways.
So, no, I think it's going to be worth it.
The big thing for me, I think, is going to be to see whether people are going to pay $170 for this game or not.
I will.
I don't know.
I mean, it's going to be big.
It's definitely going to sell very well.
It's just, are people going to pay $170 for a game?
and if so, then we're going to see a bunch more.
I think it is going to be a huge party game.
I totally see this as the kind of thing that people who have big families or people that host parties regularly or it's going to become like the we're going to have this at a fundraiser or have rock band there because Guitar Hero is already like that.
Like, you know, oh, we're going to have a fundraiser, you know, we're going to have a bake sale slash car wash.
Guitar Hero's going to be there, you know, like, I don't know.
Am I the only one that ever notices that Guitar Hero seems to turn up at these random charity events you see advertised?
That's going to be Rock Band.
Yeah, well, it's cool, I guess.
Yeah, I mean, I'm not knocking Rock Band.
It's just a lot of money to drop on a game.
It is, and I don't know.
Now you have me waving on it now.
Oops.
Sorry EA, sorry Harmonix.
Well then let's go to the next story before Loki changes his mind completely.
The PlayStation.com shopping service is closing in Japan.
That's right, in December it will be ending the site's e-commerce services.
And the service will be coming to a complete halt in February 2008.
Now while at first glance this might seem like doom and gloom for the PlayStation...
Not so, because PlayStation.com was for providing downloadable content for the PlayStation 2.
But as you guys all know, it's all about the PlayStation 3 now and the PlayStation Network.
PlayStation 2 had downloadable content?
I guess in Japan, yeah.
Because you get the PlayStation Points.
Well, anyway, if you still have PlayStation Points, you can transfer those over to your PlayStation 3 wallet.
They always get better stuff in Japan.
Hello?
Where have you been?
I don't know.
Well, for anyone who also has been keeping up with more of the downloadable content for PS3, especially for our European fans, well, I should say fans of the system, well, Sony is pulling their Gran Turismo HD concept from the Japanese store, and it's not probably coming out in Europe at all.
There's been no announcement, no nothing, they're just not getting it.
Sorry.
But now there's a Gran Turismo 5 prologue that will be coming out, but there's no date for it in the UK yet.
So that's kind of a bitch move, I think, that they're actually getting rid of the free version of Gran Turismo on there before the paid demo, I guess, comes out.
So, well, if you have a PS3 now, might as well download it, put it on your hard drive.
I mean, honestly...
What else are you going to fill that hard drive with?
It wasn't a bad game.
I mean, it's good for a demo.
I just can't see myself paying 50 bucks.
I can't see myself paying 50 bucks for Gran Turismo 5 Prolog.
I'm telling you, put porn on the PlayStation Network.
Sony will start outselling Microsoft consoles tomorrow.
Mark my words.
Okay, don't mark my words.
Read another story.
Mark my words.
You will perish.
Anyways.
The fuck was that?
I don't know.
That sounded funny.
Do you need some fresh air, Loki?
You feeling okay?
Have you had your meds?
I'm feeling fine.
I had to drive from Oakland.
I'm feeling tingle fresh.
By the way, folks.
Mark my words!
You will pay for that!
Anyways.
By the way, kids, don't forget to buy the Eye of Judgment.
We only have to sell a million.
If you don't know what I'm talking about, listen to last week's show.
It will never happen.
Never.
Story!
Anyways, so, in Europe, PlayStation 3 is getting yet another bundle.
Not surprising, though, it's going to be bundled with Pro Evolution Soccer 2008.
And it's coming in November.
That's all there is to say.
Yeah, it was confirmed by PlayStation France, and...
Yeah, well, that's, I mean, that's logical, you know, sports bundles are nothing uncommon, and certainly in Europe, a soccer bundle's gonna sell some systems, so, you know, makes sense.
Exactly!
I mean, remember that really crappy one that they did for, I think it was Pro Evo 2007?
Mm-hmm.
It was, like, with AstroTurf on the 360?
Yeah.
Wait, it came with AstroTurf?
What?
Well, they did, like, it was a auction thing where they were selling it.
Oh.
They had AstroTurf.
What?
Thank you for watching!
There's a brand new Kingdom Reborn update, which I think we reported on previously in the program.
It's free to download for the previous subscribers through October 9th.
But however, there's also now the Return to Britannia campaign that's going on.
Electronic Arts is doing a monster hunt and prizes such as a new pendant necklace, a whole map of Britannia that you can win, a commemorative sculpture, armor set, all this stuff.
The characters in game get fireworks and 10 decor tokens.
Unfortunately, I haven't played the game, so I can't tell you what those tokens do.
But maybe somebody can email us and let us know.
Maybe buy more fireworks!
I was actually going to check this game out, because I think you can get a two-week free trial.
And since I've been going back and forth on all these MMOs lately, why not check out the granddaddy of all the MMOs?
I remember when I played Ultima Online with my friend briefly.
And God, I don't remember who it was.
It was so long ago.
But we were complete asses on the game, and it was fun.
You didn't get banned?
Oh no, we were just playing around at his house and just ran around as our character was completely naked, yelling sausage for sale.
That's all I remember.
That's all I remember.
I think I saw that in the Barons the other day, so some things never change, you know?
No, no, no, no, no.
Someone was walking around in one of the towns in Ragnarok the other day going, I got a snake man, like the Adam Sandler thing.
It's just that now they've taken that and now it's just Slashdance.
Does Ultima Online have Slashdance?
I don't believe it.
We don't have Slashdance in Ragnarok.
I just remember it was weird because people would buy houses and they would store their horse in their house.
And I was like, why would you put a  when we were walking past a house, do I hear a horse?
It was weird.
But it's because you can lock the houses.
Otherwise your stuff would get stolen, I guess, or something.
I know a couple people who play.
Yeah.
Hmm.
Alright.
Ask them if they're having fun with the event or whatever.
We'll have to bring them on the show for an interview.
Interviewed this week.
People that actually play Ultima Online.
It's either Ultima Online or Diablo.
Oh, because they're so similar.
They look very similar, actually.
Some of them I just sort of get mixed up on.
Like, who plays EverQuest anymore?
To be honest, when I went out to Pennsylvania last year, one of the workers at our office that we work with out there, without saying too much about what I do during the day, she knew that I was into video games.
I said, yeah, at the time I was playing Final Fantasy XI.
I'm like, yeah, I played Final Fantasy XI.
She's all, oh, I tried that once, but I just can't give up EverQuest.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
DarkSakura, every week she likes to surf the internet up and down and all around and bring you her very favorite in websites.
By the way, folks, this is the very last edition of DarkSakura's website of the week.
I'm sorry to report DarkSakura is no longer going to be able to give you a website of the week because pretty much you can bet that if the site has something to do with pictures of cats, it's probably going to be her website of the week.
DarkSakura's Classic Game of the Week Classic Game of the Week
I'm so disappointed.
No, that's okay.
That's too predictable.
Guardian Legend we'll save for down the road.
It'll be something obscure like Rainbow Cotton.
Anyhow, don't give it away.
They won't want to tune in next week.
Make it a game you don't talk about a lot on the show.
Anyhow, here it is, ladies and gentlemen, the very last website of the week.
Dark Sakura, you better be good.
The website of the week is speaklolcat.com It's very easy, very simple.
You type in something in English and it translates it into cat speak.
What did I tell all of you?
If it has to do with lolcat, it's your site of the week.
See, I'm going to type in something right now.
Um, okay.
I don't know.
I'm talking and I'm waiting.
What are you putting in there?
Rob is a big what?
Tool?
Tool?
Tool?
And it says Rob is hooge tool.
Lovely.
I'm going to post that direct link into the chat room.
But it's speaklolcat.com And that, boys and girls, is the very last website of the week.
End of line.
Alright, so next week, DarkSakura's classic game of the week.
Oh, you can actually link it with it saying Rob is a big tool.
Yep, that's why I did it.
Let me just check that out on my screen here.
This is great.
Rob is hooge tool.
You're a bitch.
All right.
I love you.
Wait, actually, I want to see that.
Let's see.
Let me go back to that site here.
Jamie is a bitch.
Rob's really good at typing with one hand.
I can do a lot of things with one hand.
Jamie is bish.
Okay, where did that come from?
I think this show is in need of a break.
I think this show might actually be in need of cancellation, but we'll have to do it for a break for now.
We'll be right back with more of Orange Lounge Radio right after this.
Nintendo News, we haven't even touched Nintendo yet during the show.
We'll get to all the Nintendo News in Part B and plenty more to come.
Don't worry, we'll touch Nintendo plenty when we come back.
We'll get out our Wii's when we come back.
Orange Lounge Radio is taped live on Sunday nights and is podcasted to the world twice a week.
Stay tuned to our podcast feed for the conclusion of this week's Orange Lounge Radio.
