Orange Lounge Radio
We're your hosts, Dark Sakura, Sky and Loco here
Tonight, September 9th, 2007, Layers Hot Coffee Mode is found, but it's not what you think.
HD DVD gets a price cut in Europe, and a third-party company has something to say about PlayStation's marketing.
Orange Lounge Radio
Hello everybody out there on the internet, and welcome to another week of Orange Lounge Radio.
We are that podcast on the internet dedicated to video games, video gaming, gamer lifestyle, and gamer culture.
That'll teach me to say so damn much during the introduction.
That voice you hear taunting behind me is the one and only Dark Sakura, Jamie Summers.
Hi. And my name is Rob Roberts, and joining me as well, say hello to Tech Master Loki.
Hello. How you doing, Jamie? How you doing tonight?
I have a soda. You has a soda?
I has a soda. Is it delicious?
Not really. Not really? You're very quiet tonight. You seem kind of timid. Is everything okay?
I just ate. You just ate, so you're very well satiated?
I was getting into Uber bitch mode because I didn't eat, and then I ate, and I ate too much.
Now I should say something before we get to the rest of the show is that we are taking new pictures tonight,
which I'm hoping you guys will see the results of in our album.
I can't talk tonight. What the hell's wrong with me?
In our album artwork that you'll be seeing for episode 250 at least a little later on, and Jamie got to eat.
Weren't you eating a Pikachu? Or was that? No, you were squishing a Pikachu, pretending to eat a Pikachu.
I ate my cell phone.
You ate your cell phone. Was it delicious?
Not really. It tasted like Samsung.
Wonderful. Anyhow, also joining us tonight, say hello to Tech Master Loki.
I've already said hello, but yes. Hello.
Hi again. How are you?
I'm doing fine.
Awesome. Also say hello to our chat room, which is available at chat.orangelaungeradio.com.
You can also say hello to Gay Eddie, who's here tonight, joining us on the show.
Yeah, that'd be Casper the Gay, thank you very much. You just always call me Gay Eddie, because you're a douche.
I don't know what else to call you. I'm sorry.
We're going to start off with a little bit of How Was Your Gaming Week?
We'll come back to you and get you filled in a little more for the folks that may not know you,
because you haven't been on the show in a long time.
Has it really been six months? You could have had a baby since the last time.
Maybe you had a baby, and we'll find that out.
We'll start with Dark Sakura. How was your gaming week? Let's talk about video games.
Lots of pinball. We sold the Whodunnit, finally.
Oh, I liked Whodunnit.
Yeah, but we can get a much better one than the one that we had.
We're babysitting some machines. We're babysitting Back to the Future, which, Back to the Future sucks,
because Michael J. Fox wouldn't let his likeness be used in the game,
so it has somebody who completely doesn't look like him.
What a bastard.
Or it's either him or his agent or something.
And then we got a time machine, which is one of my favorite older pins,
and I played a whole crap ton of World Cup Soccer 94, which is my favorite pinball ever,
and some Final Fantasy VI Advance.
Good times.
And no World of Warcraft.
Aw, sadness. That's all right. I haven't been playing World of Warcraft either,
and I'll tell you why in a little bit. Let's go over to the one and only Loki.
Hello.
I played this week Project Gotham Racing 3 Land,
which is weird, though, because we have five 360s,
but one of them does not want to land.
I don't know why. It will land other games, but it just doesn't like Project Gotham Racing 3.
I don't know.
So we played four players with that.
Luckily, that day there was someone missing, so it worked out.
Then Saints Row multiplayer, also via System Link.
I swear, you know, there's just not enough support for System Link.
It's sad.
But hopefully we'll get live soon at work and then be able to play anything.
Let's see, other things I played.
Bioshock, more of that.
I'm actually a little bit more into it now.
I forget where the hell I'm at, but it's still been very good,
so definitely looking forward to playing more of that game.
And then, let's see, I tried a little bit more stuff on the 360.
I actually downloaded the full version of Worms, and well, it's Worms,
so I can't really say too much on that.
Let's see, what else did I try out?
Also on the PSP, I found someone had dumped a version of Sega Rally on there that's not out yet,
but it's actually very awesome.
Sega Rally Revo, I know it's going to be on most other systems.
I think they just drop in the Revo part for the PSP version though,
but it's cool. It's very awesome.
If you've played Sega Rally in the arcades, it's exactly like that.
I mean, it looks good too, so I really recommend that one.
And, oh! I almost forgot.
On 360, play Flatout Ultimate Carnage.
Fucking love this game.
This game right now, I think, best racing game of the year.
Hands down.
That's a pretty hefty title.
It's fucking fun. It's got, you know, Flatout used to love the game first off,
because you can crash into things.
Now, the first game really pissed me off,
because when you'd crash into objects on the track,
you would kind of get stuck on them, and that kind of sucked.
But, they went back, fixed all that shit.
Now there's like 6,000 things on the track to crash into,
and you see all of them, you know, all strewn about on the track.
Then they have like this Ultimate Carnage mode,
which is basically like the takedown mode in Burnout,
and it's really fun.
And then they've also got Destruction Derby,
and of course the Ragdoll Olympics.
Highly recommend this game when it comes out in October.
I'm definitely picking it up.
As far as arcade racers, it's definitely the best one this year.
I'm not sure if people would agree as far as sim racers.
I'm sure Project Gotham Racing 4 will take that.
But as far as arcade racers go,
if you want something that's pretty fun,
definitely check out Burnout, not Burnout, Flatout, Ultimate Carnage.
I was going to say, isn't this the game that I seem to recall reading
on one of the big blogs out there,
and I'm sorry, I forget which one,
but they have like a side-by-side comparison of the box art
from Flatout to Burnout, and it's like the same fucking box,
but just with a different title?
Basically, but, you know, Flatout is a completely different game.
I mean, their thing is, you know,
the fact that you can crash into a bunch of different objects on the course.
You know, Burnout doesn't really have that.
It's mainly just crashing into the cars and exploding and stuff like that.
So it's a different type of game,
but I really recommend checking it out.
It's pretty awesome.
I played the demo for a good half an hour at least,
and probably will play it a little bit more until it comes out.
Then, of course, I also tried out Worms 2,
Open Warfare on the PSP.
Once again, that's also Worms,
and, you know, I don't know why the hell I'm playing these Worms games.
It's probably because I can get them for free.
Because you're a whore for worms.
Yeah, it's a fun game.
It's just, you know, it's a fun game to play with other people.
It's kind of like a board game, almost.
You need other people to make it fun,
because the computer sucks.
Only on this show would saying,
you're a whore for worms actually make sense.
Like, could you imagine if I walked up to,
like, just a random person on the street,
you're a whore for worms!
You're a worm whore!
Unless they liked worms.
Or were a fisherman.
Do you think there is such a thing as, like, worm fetish?
That's really gross.
Probably. There's sick people in the world.
There's fish fetish for everything.
That's what they say.
Seriously?
Do we have anybody in the chatroom with a worm fetish?
Everybody in the chatroom is talking about their gaming weeks.
I don't care what you play in your gaming weeks.
We haven't asked any of you.
I know.
Oh, no, dude.
I'm trying to see if there's any other stuff that catches my eye in chat.
I like DJ Jenai, because he's got, like, old school stuff in his gaming week,
like Mighty Bomb Jack and Mappy.
That's pretty old, right?
Hey, 1942 in Lode Runner.
But in Kaboom, on this, uh, the Activision's hit Remix, which sucks.
Kaboom is awesome.
Wait, you didn't like the Remix?
We were talking about Kunio games earlier.
No, I just didn't like the, Activision hits Remix on the PSP.
It's just, I don't know.
Wait, but isn't that the only system they put it out on, is the Remix ones?
Like, all the souped up titles?
Well, they weren't really souped up.
These were just the standard games.
Oh.
This is the classic one that's going to be redone, you know, with the ones that they had in, like, Xbox Live Arcade.
This is just the old one.
It was a collection of, like, 70-some Activision titles, you know, like Kaboom, Pitfall, Pitfall 2, etc.
Oh, okay.
Which is okay.
If you really want a collection of those old games, then great.
Pick that up.
I'm sure it's dirt cheap by now.
I don't know.
It's just not for me.
I'm not, I don't want to play it on that console.
Hey, I was playing Worms, and I was getting achievements on that.
What was I playing?
There was something else I was playing.
Oh, I played Mutant Storm Reloaded.
I played that, and I was getting some more achievements on that as well.
Oh, actually, no.
I was looking through my arcade games.
I'm like, I own, like, 40 arcade games, and I don't have the high scores on any of them among my friends.
I'm like, which one can I possibly get the high score on?
And I was like, okay.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't have the high score on.
And I tried on Mutant Storm Reloaded, and I just didn't have enough time to dedicate to it.
How many games am I whipping your ass on?
I don't know.
I don't play live arcade games that much, so probably a lot.
Just curious.
All finished?
I'm all finished.
Oh, Call of Duty 4 multiplayer, the beta.
Oh.
It's pretty awesome.
Are you in it legally?
I am in it legally.
Call of Duty actually put me in the first wave.
Are you allowed to talk about it?
Fuck if I know.
Okay, let me put it this way.
It's Call of Duty.
I mean, shit, they haven't really changed much since, you know, 2.
And it's no modern day stuff.
It looks awesome.
That's it.
I mean, if you want me to describe it for you, go play Call of Duty 3, but just imagine it's futuristic.
Or modern day.
I mean, it's basically the same damn thing.
It's good.
People are loving this game.
You know, it ran really smooth.
Didn't have any lag issues.
Just, it looks awesome, and I kind of figured it would.
So, you know, I will definitely be picking it up when it comes out, but just so you know, it looks good.
All right.
Well, we're going to go over to Casper, the gay, and find out about his gaming week and what kind of stuff he's been playing.
I've just been doing the virtual console thing, just playing the heck out of Super Metroid, which is still one of the best games ever.
So, I'm not very far, because it's actually the first time I've ever played this game, because I think it was in a coma in the 90s when it came out.
So, I'm like, oh my God, this is like my first time playing, and it's awesome.
So, you know, I've got all the cool power-ups, and it's awesome.
And then Neotopia, or whatever it's called, which is that Zelda clone for TurboGrafx.
Neotopia is great.
I've got Neotopia and Neotopia 2.
Oh, do you have Neotopia 2?
I have TurboGrafx.
Okay, okay. The thing about it is, it's a Zelda clone. If you like Zelda games, you'll like it for that old-school gameplay.
But there's some reasons why Zelda was way more popular.
For instance, if you bomb a cave or you bomb a wall in a dungeon, you have to re-bomb it the next time you go back in, which is a real pain in the ass.
That's what they get for being HuCard games.
Yeah, it's horrible. And then if you go into the cave or something, you automatically have to start talking to the person.
You have no choice. Or if somebody's in a dungeon in a room, every time you pass through that room, you start talking to them again.
I'm like, ugh! But it's still fun. It's good stuff.
Again, HuCard games.
It's good times, though. I haven't played any new stuff, so I want to play Metroid, the new one, so that looks pretty awesome.
Kick them off the TV watching Battlestar reruns and go play Metroid. It's awesome.
Alright. Well, I've got to talk about my gaming week.
Oh, hell. I don't know if I really want to say anything about my gaming week. I'd better brace myself.
This week, I played Final Fantasy XI of a lot this week.
Oh, hi, Shane. How are you?
Hello. I'm good.
I've been playing Final Fantasy XI. I went back.
What's the old saying, Shane? Final Fantasy XI is like an abusive husband?
Yeah. You just keep going back to them, despite the fact that they abuse you and beat you up.
Yeah, I went back. But why, Shane, did we end up going back to Final Fantasy XI, out of curiosity?
There's a camera on me.
Because I wanted to play something, and I had codes that would make it so I could play for a month for free, so I was like, I'm going to do that.
And then you got a free month on WoW, and you're like, okay, I'll come play Final Fantasy XI.
And then we got two of our friends to play, too. So we're all just going back. We're migrating back.
The thing about it is that they've changed a lot since I've been gone, and I was kind of curious what all has changed.
And it does seem like they have fixed a lot of things that were pissing me off before, such as they got rid of a lot of the gold sellers.
The economy seems to be a lot better than it was before. Seems like it's stabilized.
The economy changed?
Yeah, seriously, the economy changes. It happens in a lot of MMOs.
But here's the most hilarious part, and old-school OLR listeners will really get a kick out of this.
You know what server we're playing on?
Faerie.
The Faerie server!
We're playing on the Faerie server!
And we're pretending we're noobs.
You have to go back to Episode 80 to get these jokes when I was first getting into Final Fantasy XI.
But yes, we're playing on the Faerie server.
For what reason?
What was it?
I don't remember. It was something to do with live journal trauma or something.
You have to go back.
It's really fun, though.
I'm actually having a really good time playing this time.
So am I. I keep leveling everything I can.
But I'm wondering if it's one of those things where when I have to start partying in the dunes, if it's going to wear off real quick.
We don't know what the dunes are. Give me my drink, Eddie!
This is great radio. What?
He's trying to steal my drink.
We don't know what the dunes are yet. Remember, we're just low levels.
We'll be there soon.
We've never played before.
I'm looking in the chat room to see what people are saying.
Ghostguy says Final Fantasy XI equals not so good.
Cry.
Well, that person's name that you just read equals not so good.
SSJ100Matt says, why isn't Jamie on top of Rob about this?
Well, Shane took her mic, for one.
Well, I needed talking to something.
I would be curious what Jamie's thoughts are on all of this.
I'm going to go ask her. I'll start by.
I don't care.
Oh, I thought you were going to call me an addict or yell at me or something.
No.
The play is up to you.
Oh, I like this. This is the kinder, gentler Jamie than we had a few episodes ago.
No, this is the indifferent, apathetic Jamie.
Oh, I see. This is the meh Jamie.
Yeah.
The meh. What do you think about that, Jamie?
Meh.
I didn't just play Final Fantasy XI, though.
Because I swear I'm going to limit my time on it this time around.
I'll let you guys know how long I actually stick with it.
But I also was playing some more Blue Dragon and made some more progress on that.
I'm enjoying Blue Dragon.
I realize the critics didn't exactly give it the best scores in the world,
but I'm actually having a good time with it.
And then some stuff on Xbox Live Arcade. Hello, Fatal Fury Special.
I had to give that a go.
It's the same game, basically, from the Neo Geo.
They didn't really change anything, but that's okay,
because Fatal Fury is an awesome game.
But they did add Xbox Live support and achievements.
For five bucks, I actually think it's one of the better fighting game deals on Xbox Live right now.
I think it's a better value than the $10 Street Fighter II that's up there now,
although I am still looking forward to the Street Fighter II HD remix.
Street Fighter is $10?
Street Fighter is $10, believe it or not.
I thought that Virtual Console games were expensive.
Well, Virtual Console games are expensive.
I mean, like $5 for Mario Brothers.
Excuse me, not even Super Mario Brothers.
Or $5 for Metroid. Hello.
You should see the PlayStation Network game prices.
Granted, they're more full games, but we're talking like $40, $20.
I want to say one other thing I've noticed about Final Fantasy XI
is that it seems like there's a lot less OMGWTF-type kids on there now,
and I'm noticing there's a lot of older people that are getting into Final Fantasy XI.
A lot of stay-at-home moms seem to be playing the game. It's interesting.
So what do you think I should see about getting back in?
Are you a stay-at-home mom?
Shut the heck up. Are you actually thinking about coming back?
Well, I'd play it about as much as I'd play World of Warcraft.
Shane, you gotta hear this!
Somebody go, Shane!
Well, this is like news-breaking stories here. I'm sure the chat room is like OMG.
I have to find my controller again, though.
Shane! I'm running!
But I haven't installed all that square crap off my computer.
Run faster!
I don't know where my discs are either.
If you want, you have to play like you've never played before, though.
That's okay. I only got to, what, level 15?
There you go. You'll forget everything.
She's thinking about it. Oh, this is exciting news.
I'm probably actually going to quit World of Warcraft, too.
I'm just going to quit MMOs.
I haven't quit World of Warcraft. I should say that.
It's just that I have a free month because I got somebody else to play through the rewards room,
so this is my month where I'm going to decide which one I'm going to stick with, if any,
because honestly, when I play MMOs...
You should totally play World of Warcraft. Bye!
It cuts into my console times, so we'll see.
I'm going to try to play through Super Metroid.
Oh, Super Metroid. Good stuff.
You know, I've been looking for a video capture card for the Mac,
so we can do Operator 11 stuff with the Super Metroid.
We can do our live playthrough and have the video feed actually on it.
You actually have to do it this week.
I know. We totally will. I just need to get the card.
I haven't been doing my show on Tuesday, so we should do that instead of my show.
We'll figure something out.
Speaking of Operator 11, let's go into housekeeping tonight.
Yeah.
I want to remind everybody out there, we do have our video feeds now on Operator 11.
I don't think it's the most interesting thing in the world to just kind of sit here and watch us do the show,
but I'm hoping as time goes on, we'll think of more ways to integrate the video,
but what I do want to point you guys to is that we're looking at putting other videos on Operator 11,
like us playing new games as they come out.
Like Jamie said, we're going to play through Super Metroid and a bunch of other stuff,
so keep an eye out on our page on operator11.com.
I'm not sure exactly how to get to our profile,
but I can tell you our username is orangelanerator. That was a really bad plug, huh?
I don't really know how you get there.
Best. Plug. Ever.
Just find it.
All right, so there you go.
Let's see, I don't really have a whole lot of other housekeeping.
I already talked about that we have new pictures coming.
I ate too much pizza.
I'm sorry to hear that. I'm actually hungry.
Eddie, you want to make another round to talk about?
Do you want my breadsticks?
Seriously, can I have some breadsticks?
Sure.
And we're going to get into tonight's gaming news.
Hopefully I'm not first.
Hey, Rob's first!
No, I'm kidding.
So, to start things off, let's talk about pathetic stuff,
including how pathetic Lair was.
Well, personally, I haven't played it,
so I don't know if it's pathetic, but based on people's reviews of it,
for example, IGN gave it a 4.9,
I would say it's pretty pathetic,
and I guess, you know, there are some control issues and stuff like that.
Well, to, I guess, help save face,
Sony has figured, you know what,
the reason why our game is getting bad scores
is because reviewers just don't know how to review our game.
Yeah, it's never a good argument.
So, what they did was they sent out reviewers guides for Lair.
They basically sent IGN a guide of how to review their game,
because they figure, oh, you're stupid and you don't know how to play our game.
Yeah, that really makes you look cool.
So, apparently, six of the 21 pages of the guide
are devoted to the game's controls,
and I guess it has, you know, like a fact or something in it.
That's so retarded.
Ghostguy in our chat room says Lair is lame.
I don't know, I will withhold judgment until I have a chance to play it.
It looked good, though.
It looked like the game that could save the PlayStation 3
from all this, you know, that people are saying at it.
So, what went wrong, Loki?
It just kind of sucked.
I don't know.
I think one of the things was, first off,
you had to use the motion controls.
It wasn't just, you know, you can turn them off or it's optional.
You had to use them.
They were kind of floaty.
There was, I guess, some lag between certain things,
and I don't know, it's just a lot harder than people thought.
So...
Mr. DeBucket in our chat room at chat.orangestonesradio.com says
Lair is better on PSP via remote play.
You know, gimmick. That's all I'm saying.
Well, you know, it's interesting that that gets brought up
because it makes me think about the whole DS Wii thing.
Should we have seen something with that by now?
Oh, I guess we have the Pokemon game, huh?
I guess we do have a little bit of connectivity, but nothing to this extent.
That's cool, but here's the thing, though.
I mean, I don't want to get into other stories or anything,
but I'm just saying, you know, the remote play isn't like,
it's not like the DS thing with the Wii,
where, you know, that's actually being used as a controller,
and it actually has an interface on there and menus and stuff.
It's different than what's on the screen.
It's actually, you know, kind of an accessory to the game.
Whereas remote play is, look, I can play this from, you know,
Starbucks down the street.
I'm playing my PlayStation 3 on my PSP.
I mean, it doesn't work completely.
Even that's kind of broken.
I mean, sure, you can do it, but, you know,
it's just like, sure, you can emulate PlayStation 1 games on there,
but not perfectly, so I don't know.
It is a gimmick.
I can understand watching the movies, you know,
maybe streaming that stuff when you're on the go,
you know, waiting in the airport and you have free Wi-Fi
or something like that, but playing Lair on the go,
I mean, if you really want to play Lair on your PSP,
make a version of Lair for your PSP.
Alright, let me go ahead and say this,
because, you know, I know Loki's dying for me to get to this,
so he can go off even more than he already is,
but of course, you know, as you guys know,
Lair has that connectivity between the PSP and the PlayStation 3,
and a Sony technical insider has been spotted saying,
quote, it's a nice start.
Over time, I'm sure we'll have more advanced features.
So is this possibly just the beginning of more to come for the console?
Well, remember when they were shown off the console
and they had the Formula One racing game
and they were like, look, you can use your PSP as a rear view mirror.
Why? Why would you do that?
Where are you going to put it?
You're just going to set it, stand next to you or something.
Just put it in your damn, you know,
they have rear view mirrors on your car model in the game.
Why would you need to have it on a separate screen?
It's just a gimmick. Fucking gimmick is what it is.
You know, and granted, the DS connectivity with the Wii,
you know, very brief, you know, all one game of it,
is very gimmicky as well because you don't really need it to play.
But, you know, at least it is something in additional to the game.
It's not like, oh look, you can sort of control the game with this.
There were some other, when they were doing the GameCube too,
there was some cooler like connectivity with the Game Boy Advance
because like when you were playing, I think it was one of the Metal Gear games,
something like that, it was like your sonar
and it was like having your own cool like device but in the game.
So it was a gimmick but it was like practical too, so.
Oh, no, here's the thing, the reason why they did that
is so that you can make the racing game more like real life.
And by the way, Mr. DeBucket in chat wants to point out,
it was a tech demo, you dumbass, it wasn't even in the game.
I know, that's what I'm saying, it was the tech demos
when they were first showing the PlayStation 3 on.
It makes it more like real life because what you do
is you get a woman to sit next to you while you drive.
Where's something I can throw at Rob right now?
I'm not even finished, and you have the PSP
and the woman's watching and she's nagging about everything you're doing wrong.
Where's something I can throw at Rob? Give me one of your Pikachus.
Throw one of these breadsticks, these things will knock me out.
They're like rock solid.
I think the Operator 11 people heard me banging it against the wall earlier.
These things are tough.
Alright, anyway, that's all I have to say.
It's okay because Rob drives like Grandma.
See? You're criticizing my driving.
Now, Rob, the game they even admitted when they were showing off the connectivity,
yeah, you can use it to control your dragon.
Oh, by the way, you can't land your dragon or anything
because there's no additional L2 buttons or R2 and stuff like that,
so some of the controls are broken.
Then why even put some half-assed control system in there
that you can play this thing remotely? It's stupid.
It's just like those people that use their media center extender
to view the internet on their 360.
It's stupid. It's gimmicky.
You don't need to do that.
Well, if you'd like to comment on Loki's rants,
we always welcome your emails.
Mailbag at orangelaunchradio.com and of course our chat room.
Send them directly to Loki.
Send them to him. I don't need them.
And while you're at it, sign him up for lots of Nigerian bank lotteries.
I already get enough spam.
And Loki's definitely interested in anything you have on Viagra or Syalis.
I will forward all my email to you, Rob.
He also wants bigger breasts.
All right, I'm done. That's all I wanted to say about the connectivity.
Well, you know our favorite crayon eater was going around in his days at Sony
saying that the PS3 was a computer and a multimedia whatever.
Kazurai, who is now the man again, said, and I'm going to quote,
I'd like to clearly say the PS3 is a game machine.
It's nothing more than that.
No, it is not. In fact, all their commercials say computer entertainment system.
It's a fucking computer.
No, it is not. It's the Sony PlayStation.
I mean, it is a fucking computer. You've been saying computer.
Just because your fucking computer does not sell,
does not mean that you have to start calling it a game machine now.
It's a fucking computer. Stick with it.
Who turned Loki to 11 tonight? That's what I want to know.
Why don't you just make 10 louder?
No, he's too loud. Here's my thing.
This is why I think this is a newsworthy quote.
Because of the fact that I remember them selling the PlayStation 3 as a computer.
And to some extent, I think this is where Sony excels best.
Like, what makes the PSP better than a DS to some people?
Now again, you can argue all you want until you're blue in the face about the games,
but some people prefer the PSP because you can surf the internet on it as built in.
You can listen to MP3s, help people download our show.
A lot of people download this podcast and listen to it on it.
You can carry the pictures with you anywhere you go,
and pretty soon they're going to have the video out and you can watch the movies.
Sony actually does this pretty well at being more than just a game system.
And that's kind of what makes the PlayStation 3 a little bit appealing as well.
What's the one thing that has people more excited than anything about PlayStation 3?
Home. Is home a game? No, it's kind of something outside the box.
So for them to go out and say a quote like this is a little bit like, huh?
But you're like the worst at being a game machine.
You do everything else really good. I don't know.
Guess what? People didn't care that you can load Linux on it.
That's why it's now a game system and not a fucking computer.
Well, okay, fine then. $600 is too much for a game system.
$600 was cheap for a computer, too much for a game system.
So now it's too much for a game system.
All right, let's see. Son of Dad says PlayStation 3 right now is a cheap Blu-ray player, no more, no less.
There might be some Sony fans that disagree, but I don't know.
I mean, I still have yet to buy a PlayStation 3 because I have to admit I feel kind of similar. Sorry.
There's nothing out there to play.
Even, I mean, Ratchet and Clank Future, that looks pretty good and Resistance was good.
I'm sure when Final Fantasy 13 comes out, I'll be like,
Hail, Sony! Welcome into my house! Hello, PlayStation 3! I love you!
Well, then you'll have a lot of time to save up money, you know, when it comes out spring 2009.
Is that the current release they're saying?
No, I'm just guessing because, you know, that's shit.
I mean, because it'll come out in Japan, you know, probably Christmas next year or something,
and then we'll see it maybe spring or summer of 2009.
But don't worry, don't worry. Good games are coming to the PlayStation 3 someday.
All right. Thank you, Jamie, for the quote.
It certainly livened up our show a little bit tonight.
Nah.
Except for you.
Anyway, so guess what? You can't talk about PSP Homebrew on the official Sony forums.
Wow! Surprise! You know, you can't talk about cracking their system on their own forums.
How dare they do that?
I'm more concerned with the fact that it took them this long to ban that chat.
What?
Well, you know, the PSP is only a game system. You shouldn't be doing everything.
Shut up and read the story!
So, yeah, if you talk about Homebrew, you will be banned from Sony's official chat room or forum.
And guess what?
We ban you!
Since we're on the topic of Homebrew, it should not be a surprise that with the PlayStation Slim coming out,
the PlayStation Portable Slim, that they've already cracked, or not really cracked, but dumped the 3.6 firmware that is included with it.
So you know what that means. First they dump it, then they crack it, and then you run your Homebrew.
So it's only a matter of time before I will be picking up a PSP Slim.
You know, I know I can say this, and it won't go anywhere, so nobody tell him, but I think I know what I'm going to get William for.
I'm totally serious here. I think I know what I'm going to get William for his birthday. I'm going to get him a PSP Slim.
Because funny enough, William is a huge Sony fanboy.
And I don't know what it is. He doesn't even play a whole lot of video games, but every time we go into Best Buy,
we'll be looking at Motorstorm or whatever, and he's always like,
don't you want a PlayStation 3? Look at it. It's so beautiful. Why don't you have a PlayStation 3 in your house? You ever heard of the game system?
Why don't you get a PlayStation 3? I'm like, are you going to buy me one? And he's like, no.
But I think he really wants a PSP, so I'm going to get him one, because he thinks they're cool.
I know, but I'm going to get him the Slim, because they're new, and then I can go, look, it's a new toy too, and I think he'll get a kick out of that.
So Sony fanboys who are pissed off at the show right now because we're, you know, knocking Sony,
I just thought I'd let you know they are still getting some of our money.
Because, you know, I do think the PSP is pretty awesome now.
It was a slow start, but then again, the DS had a slow start too, so what can you say?
Well, anyhow, one thing, of course, that you can play on those PSPs is Lair, which goes back and forth, you know, with a little remote connectivity.
But yes, we have one more Lair story for you guys.
There's a brand new hot coffee mode that's been discovered inside Lair. Yes, there's a hot coffee mode, except it's not really what you think.
If you actually watch the video of the hot coffee mode, it's actually just something you unlock where somebody brews, we're watching it here in the studio, so you can hear it on the TV.
Somebody just brews a pot of hot coffee.
All you have to do is enter in this big, long string at the cheat menu, and you'll be welcomed with this video of somebody making hot coffee.
That's the best joke ever.
It's kind of stupid, but like it's stupid funny. Like a Jim Carrey movie, it's stupid funny.
That's great.
By the way, that code that you can enter in, 686-F7-420-636-F66666565.
If you missed any part of this show and need a transcription, get out a pen next time.
And guess what, those also happen to be the reviews that this game got as well.
Good job, Loki.
As I was reminded in the chat room, though, the PSP has already cracked the firmware, and they're going to be releasing a...
I guess Team M33 is going to be releasing a CFW 3.6 firmware for it.
That's one of the better jokes we've had in a while on this program. Good job, Loki.
Yes, chat room, now you two get to beat that one into the ground.
So, some news for our UK listeners. Sega's got some dates out for some of their stuff.
Virtua Fighter V, who gives a crap on Xbox 360, will be 26th October, Universe at War for PC and Ghost Squad on Wii is 2nd November, Sonic Rush Adventure for the DS will be next week, Crazy Taxi, Fair Wars also will be later this month on PSP.
Sonic Rivals 2 will be on November 2nd, and The Golden Compass will be on November 30th. There you go.
Hitstun asks, do they get Virtua Fighter V 360 before we do?
I'm not sure.
Probably about the same week, right?
We're getting the last week of October.
Interesting. Well, let's go to some release dates and travel the world and see what's coming out right now in all different places, not just from Sega.
Oh, yes. In fact, this week's actually pretty good. We're starting to get into some of the better stuff, you know, fourth quarter stuff for all systems.
And I know next week, well, I'm not a huge fan of it, but NHL 08 and NHL 2K8 are both coming out on PlayStation 2, PlayStation 3, and 360.
Then we have EA's competition for Tony Hawk's Skate that's also going to be coming out next week.
Let's see here. What? Anyways, Heavenly Sword will be making its way out next week, and hopefully that's another game that we will not be seeing a reviewer's guide going out for as well.
I have high hopes for Heavenly Sword. It looks really good.
It looks okay.
It could be what Laird, unfortunately, was not.
I am waiting a little bit to get it just because, you know, I don't know, the demo, it was short and I didn't enjoy myself too much with it, so we'll see.
Also next week, Dirt on PlayStation 3, finally getting that game.
On PlayStation 2,.hack//G.U. Volume 3, the last game in that trilogy.
Guilty Gear XX Accent Core on PlayStation 2, that should make a lot of import fans happy.
Let's see, then also on 360, you will be getting the Elder Scrolls IV Oblivion Game of the Year Edition.
That's going to be including both the expansion, I believe, and some of the download content for that.
In other words, this is the release that fucks you all over who bought the game originally at full price and then all the expansions at full price.
If you want the PlayStation 3 one, guess what, it's not coming out. It got delayed.
Fatal Inertia is also coming out in 360 next week, as well as Kengo, Legend of the Nine.
And let's see, then also on the Wii, Big Fat Nothing.
On PC, of course, Elder Scrolls IV Oblivion, the Game of the Year Edition.
Democracy, apparently we're getting Democracy on September 11th, how appropriate.
And some crappy Sherlock Holmes game, that's interesting.
And then, of course, my favorite for the DS, Drawn to Life is coming out next week.
That looks really awesome, so that would be cool.
And then, of course, if you're a music game fan, Jam Sessions.
I'm actually thinking about picking this up just because I need some guitar stuff in the mixes I do, so Jam Sessions.
That's pretty much it.
Good times. Lots of stuff coming out on the Japan release calendar for September 13th, 2007.
On the Xbox 360, Musou Orochi is coming out. It's an action game. It'll be available on the Xbox 360.
It doesn't look like a game they're bringing over here, but it looks like it could be a little bit of fun.
Coming out on the Nintendo Wii, SSX Blur finally comes out in Japan for you guys over there.
Coming out on the PlayStation 3, Mega Zone 23, Ali Garland is coming out.
That's like old school anime, too.
Yet another old school anime having a game made out of it. Who would have thought?
Like we don't have 20 million Lupin games.
Yeah, I know. But you get those games.
Also, on the PlayStation 2, I like this title.
I think this is just getting a price reduction because it's going into Best Collection, but it's a game called Happiness Deluxe.
And it's even better. It's made by Marvelous Entertainment. So there you go.
It's marvelously happy.
And Sega's putting out yet another Pachinko game.
No!
Taisen Pachinko. He's shou... He's shou...
Sakura Taisen is coming out.
You know what I want to see?
Oh, dude, they're doing a Sakura Taisen Pachinko?
They should have a Pachinko Xbox Live Arcade game. That'd be funny.
That would be actually pretty rad.
I think that would be pretty great.
You know, then maybe we can find out what we're missing out on over here.
Also coming out on the Nintendo DS.
I love this. This is my favorite title of the week.
Coming out on the Nintendo DS.
I Love Dolphin is coming out in Japan.
Oh, I bet you do.
I would make a comment about that. Knowing certain things about certain people.
Here's the best part. It's made by Starfish Entertainment.
I Love Dolphin coming to the Nintendo DS.
Dolphin safe.
Do you know they make a viper called the Dolphin?
I don't know. Some Pokemon games and SimCity DS.
You know, blah, blah, blah.
Oh, I can't forget the PSP. Let me see if there's anything on the PSP worth mentioning.
Crap!
Oh, Crisis Core!
Shit, I think there's a lot of people really excited about that.
Crisis Core also out on September 13th.
As well as Fate Tiger Coliseum.
Ooh.
There you go.
Those are your release dates for Japan.
Well, how about for our friends in the UK?
On the 14th is Blazing Angels Secret Missions of World War II.
CSI Three Dimensions of Murder.
Yay.
Dungeons and Dragons Tactics for PSP.
Fatal Inertia on Xbox 360.
Freshly Picked Tingles Rosy Ruby Land.
Hooray!
Freshly Picked Tingles. I love those!
That's on the DS.
I hope it never comes over here.
I'm going to import it.
It will be in English.
We have Heavenly...
English, English!
That means there will be extra vowels.
Extra vowels make everything better.
Heavenly Sword on PlayStation 3.
Heroes of Mana, which we already have over here.
MotoGP07 Sonic Rush Adventure on the 14th.
Stranglehold Super Paper Mario on Wii.
Yay!
Something you guys were talking about reminded me of one other thing that I really missed in Final Fantasy XI.
And that was boss monsters with no vowels in their name.
Like...
Is the name of a dragon.
Or no, I think there's a dragon you have to fight called...
Good times.
Good times. Anyways, as with most games, they've been getting updates and patches every now and then.
And one in particular that happened this last week was BioShock got a title update to fix a few things.
Just some minor stuff I guess.
Updates improve stability when loading autosaves and overall game stability corrects audio during title menu loading and addresses AI behaviors regarding health stations.
So, that's kind of interesting.
Another interesting thing though is of course people picking apart the PC version found a couple of notations for Plasmid Pack 1.
Which is believed to be a download that's going to happen later on.
Including some brand new Plasmids that you'll be able to buy from the machines and whatnot.
So hopefully we'll see some download content a little bit later on.
But of course, nothing official yet.
I'm choking on breath. Yes, I just sounded like a Murloc just then.
Loki, keep talking. It's rude of me to talk with my mouth full.
That's going to be awesome. I'm looking forward to some new Plasmids.
You like new plasma?
New Plasmids.
Oh, I thought you said plasma. There's people who recycle their plasma.
No, new Plasmids for the game. I love this show.
Loki, you know what you should check out if you dig that Drawn to Life is there's a game that nobody knows about for GameCube called Monster Island.
Where you could basically create your own monsters, draw them out on a screen and then play them in various competitions. It was very cool.
Wasn't that like Magic Penjil?
Yeah, they had Magic Penjil and they had Graffiti Kingdom that were also the same type of things.
Yeah, it was cool though. It was good times if you liked that kind of thing.
Magic Penjil, I had a 2DX system that was fighting and we also had popin' music.
Yes, I think people drew a penis monster as well.
The penis monster was great. I really have to say the penis monster was good.
My character...
Not that that's, you know, some people don't like that.
See, the game is easy to exploit though. My character was just like a teddy bear and I'd draw this big like square that would be attached to it and it would be all blue which would give you like more magic attack or something.
What was the attack of the penis monster?
It was like, poke it.
And swing around.
Did it have a similar attack as to a squid? Is that what happened when you poked it?
It was just, it would just sit and hunch over.
Apparently...
That's because you weren't doing it right.
Whoever drew the penis monster...
Excuse me, what the fuck were you doing?
It thought that the hair that someone drew on the testicles was actually like legs so it would walk around on legs of this giant thing and it was the worst Pokemon type game ever.
Oh my god. Now that is something we need for the fucking Operator 11.
Yeah, too bad the cam just shut off on Op 11 like 5 minutes ago because we got booted out from time feeds because we can only do 40 minute shows on there but whatever.
What was I going to say? Oh yeah, Jason, Webmaster Jason, remind me to mark this episode explicit please a little later. Thank you.
Seriously though, if you can find Magic Penjal or even better, Graffiti Kingdom, that game is really fun especially for 5 minutes.
Oh, it's not fun for 5 minutes. Just, you get your friends over and you're like, you can draw your own characters and give them just time and eventually something perverted is going to come out of...
Yeah, we tried to draw a vagina monster so they could fight but we ran out of ink.
I think we got the...never mind. I was going to get into female anatomy but probably I shouldn't do that.
Let's see, what was I going to say? Mr. DeBucket says, Wangzilla for the win. Also, oh I like this quote from Mr. DeBucket, isn't every GameCube game a game for GameCube that no one knows about?
Aww.
Touche.
Drunami says, I think I still have a save file with a penis monster.
Oh, that's right because that was the day that we had Paper Plate Battle Royale.
Son of Dad is thinking that the movie Superbad, the end credits, is suddenly reminding him of our discussion right now. So, go figure.
Anyhow, moving from penis monster back to Bioshock.
God, what can I say about this? Okay, somebody posted on the 2K forums about that basically his brother and him were trying to play the game Bioshock together.
But the game wouldn't let him because as you may know, Bioshock on the PC only limits you to activate your account so many times.
You only get like five activations for the game and then that's it, you're cut off, no more.
And it's been a very controversial maneuver. But what happened, okay, this guy named 2kTechJT responded,
there's no other way to view this as one user has purchased the game, not the whole family.
So why should your brother play for free? To which everybody goes, hello, hasn't it always been that way?
I mean, if you bring a traditional CD, let's say Xbox 360 or Playstation 2 game home, and everybody gets to use that game, right?
Hello, this is nothing normal. If you buy a CD, everybody in the house...
How about if he wants his brother to play, how about you just log into your brother's account on Windows and fucking play the game?
Instead of being a little whiny bitch about it, I want to install it on mine!
There's a certain amount of usage that goes along with it.
I have to say that I don't let anybody else use my computer.
Yeah, but that's just because you're mean. How about you buy a 360 and play it on there? How about that, huh?
How about that? Why are people whining so fucking much about this shit?
If you know you're not supposed to be copying it for your brother and stuff like that, just have him log into your damn account and do it.
Seriously, stop being so fucking lazy and just do what you need to do.
What you need to do? Rob...
What? What? What? What?
Anyway, this is a very important update I need to go here. 2K actually reached out to some of the gaming blogs and said,
Just so you know, this 2K Tech JT guy, he's actually not an employee of 2K. He's an outside contractor.
Please note that the forum moderator has been incorrectly quoted as a 2K employee.
The individual JT Tech 2K works for an outside tech support group and is not an employee of 2K.
Additionally, 2K is investigating the validity of the post.
I will say this, for all the BS people have been posting all around the internet about Bioshock on the PC,
2K has done pretty good on their damage control because there's been a lot of companies out there that would have just kept their mouths shut and just said,
Suck it. We don't care. You're buying the game anyway. But hats off to 2K for kind of doing something about all the noise around the internet.
So, very cool.
Rama would like to say, but Loki, if my account is password locked, I'm not telling it to my brother.
Tough. Your brother doesn't get to play Bioshock now, does he?
I don't really have a little brother or anything that would find, but I would not want them to find my massive porn collection on my computer.
And how old is his little brother anyways? I mean, because maybe he's not of age to be able to play the game.
Hmm? Where are the parents? Think of the children?
Yes. Loki from Orange Lounge Radio reminding you to think of the children. Alright, I'm done.
Think of how tasty they are.
Oh my.
Barbecued.
With, like, asparagus. Asparagus is good.
Hello, gaming story.
Oh yeah, sorry, I was hungry again. You're eating on my breadsticks. That's okay, because they're bread bricks.
So, for some news regarding, again, more information in the UK,
it says that the sales for the Xbox 360 actually have increased, and the PSP is having their worst week since launch.
Poor Sony baby.
But at any rate, what they're claiming is responsible for the increase in Xbox 360 sales would be the Elite model, and the other price reductions for the Premium and Core systems,
which are, I guess, making people really, you know, crazy about wanting them.
However, with the upcoming launches for the Slim PSP on September 14th overseas, people just still don't care.
Well, I was going to say, without sounding like an ass, I mean, this isn't like, or a fanboy or whatever,
I think this news is only temporary because the Slims are coming out, and because Christmas Hello is right around the corner,
sales for everything are going to pick up.
Well, we'll see.
We will see.
Anyways, so, the Xbox HD DVD add-on, I guess, has gotten a price drop in Europe,
which is good, because everyone wants cheap add-ons.
It will drop, looks like from 200 euros to 180 euros.
So, great.
You get a little bit of a discount, and I do, I'm not sure if it's going on over there as well,
but I know over here, once you buy it, you do get a rebate for five free HD DVD movies.
Fuckers. Not when I bought my HD DVD player.
You know what I got? King Kong. It's still in the wrapping, I just would like to point out.
You can also get Blu-ray players, too. They're kind of doing the same thing.
They are desperate for people to adopt the next-gen video formats, but you should be fine.
Do you think they're feeling a little heat, because whether you want to say it's thanks to the PlayStation 3 or whatever,
Blu-ray does seem to be pushing a little more of the market share.
Yeah, but really, they're counting them as players, Blu-ray players,
but really how many people are actually using them for Blu-ray. That's the thing.
There is no way of showing that.
Well, yeah, but there is no way of showing it.
I mean, because, yeah, okay, I use mine for Blu-ray movies sometimes, but I can count on one hand
how many times I've watched a Blu-ray movie on there. I mean, it's not a lot.
I just don't use the system at all.
And if I bought an HD DVD player, I don't think I would use it any more than I'm using the Blu-ray player.
I don't know. Personally, I would not buy an add-on for the 360 for any sort of next-gen video format,
because at least with the PlayStation 3, if Blu-ray doesn't win out, big deal. It's a fucking game machine.
Computer. My mistake.
And if, you know, say, HD DVD doesn't win out, then you're stuck with this fucking external drive
for, you know, you can't do anything with.
So, I don't know.
Alright, well, now, one period of time when you're going to have to watch these movies on the HD DVD
is a four-hour period between 2 a.m. tonight and 9 in the, or I'm sorry, it actually starts at 2 a.m. tonight
and runs to 6 a.m.
That's because Xbox Live is going to be down.
So, sorry, kids, you're going to have to hold off on yelling the N word and the F-A-G word at each other
for four hours while the system is down, because that's all people really do on Xbox Live.
Which, by the way, I...
So, they call each other nice and fancy?
Yes, they call each other nice and fancy.
See, you're not helping your hole. You need to call me Casper instead of Big Gay Eddie.
Whatever, Rob, you're just a big silly.
Well, guys, you just fragged me. Wasn't that fancy?
Oh, look at me. I'm on the ground now, all helpless and laid down.
It would be awful if someone violated me.
Oh, I see you're squatting over and over again above my pelvis. Isn't that nice? Isn't that fancy?
What the hell is wrong with you, Eddie?
Just because you've been watching what I do on Saturday nights by myself. Don't make fun of me.
Wonder Dog Harold sits in our chat room. Snagglepuss is on Xbox Live.
I can't even talk.
Xbox Live is going to be down. Get over it. By the time most of you downloaded the podcast, it's already done anyway.
So, we've spent far too long on this useless story. Jamie, please save the show.
I like how Ranma says, Fag, fancy, articulate guys.
Who said that?
Ranma, you're the best. You're awesome.
Why are you talking about a cigarette?
I am a fancy, articulate guy.
So, according to Aerosmith guitarist Joe Perry, man, they're old.
I mean, I'm sorry. Aerosmith is really awesome, don't get me wrong.
But it's like, I see really good pictures of all of them and then I see really old pictures of all of them.
And then I look at Keith Richards and feel better.
So, anyway, since they're working hand in hand with the folks behind Guitar Hero 4, and they are going to be, the game is pretty much going to be Aerosmith edition Guitar Hero.
So, they told Aerosmith, yeah, it's all going to be about you. Totally about you. Please be in our game.
Well, there will be other stuff, of course, but the hope is that the master tracks are Aerosmith, so that'd be cool.
Okay, I have a bad joke for you guys.
What did Steven Tyler say when Activision asked him to be in the next Guitar Hero game?
What did he say?
YEAH YEAH YEAH YEAH YEAH!
Yes, that was it.
That's fancy talk.
That's pretty accurate as being crappy.
Anyways...
I think something was in the breadsticks at this point.
I didn't even eat the breadsticks, Rob, and I'm turning gay.
You smelled them.
So, anyways, if you're interested in checking out Rock Band and you happen to be living in the United States, guess what? They're going to be doing a road tour. In fact, it's going to be touring from Las Vegas and pretty much most of the country, including stopping in California a few times.
I heard they're going to be in Sacramento.
Yes, they are going to be in Sacramento. In fact, I was confirming with our boss that we need to do a road trip if they happen to be down here pretty soon.
Looks like actually in the next couple weeks, the 23rd or 23rd they're going to be in Sacramento, so we'll have to go check it out.
Jamie, are we going to go to the Rock Band show and have some fun?
No, I'm going to go see They Might Be Giants.
Okay, but it's going to be here for three days. Are you going to see They Might Be Giants for three days?
No, I'm going to see them for one day, and that's about as much a concert as I can stand.
It's not a concert, it's a play the game. You make your own concert.
Oh, play the game, I see. Well then, no.
Yes, it's what we do here on this show, Jamie. We talk about playing games, remember?
Well, no.
Well, Loki, will you go to the Rock Band tour with me?
I will definitely go. I'm not sure if it's going to be with you, though, but I will try to make it happen.
Oh, gee, thanks.
Well, sorry, I don't know if I'm going to.
I will definitely go. I probably won't go with you.
I will make a trip out there with you, but I will also make a trip out there maybe with my work.
I will not, on either of those trips, be singing in the game. Fuck that shit.
If it comes down, well, all we've got left is karaoke for you, Bell. Fuck you, I'm leaving.
I'm sorry, I thought I heard somebody say that they were doing some type of concert for the thing.
Oh, no. You're the concert.
No, they basically have this giant semi-truck and there's a stage that they have set up and you play a game.
You know what? Screw you, Loki. I'll take Gay Eddie with me.
I'll go do it. I'll go play the game.
Rob, I'll go.
Because, Rob, when you sing, it's nice. And fancy.
We'll be the fancy band.
Oh, my God. We'll be the fancy band boys. Oh, my God.
No, that's what you should be.
We are the fancy, articulate guys.
Loki, you're so silly. I love you so much.
You know what, Sal? We're going to get hate mail.
No, because I really am gay, so I don't hate gay people. I mean, if you really talk like that, that's cool. I don't care. It's just funny.
And then you can film it.
Okay, speaking of Rock Band, there's some new song.
Oh, my God.
This is one of the most horrible picture-ups I have ever seen on this computer. Is that Courtney Love?
Is that Courtney Love?
Yes, it is.
That is Courtney Love.
Which, by the way, she'll be making an appearance in Rock Band, you should know. Celebrity Skin by Hole will be in Rock Band, as well as the Yaya Yas maps and the Pixies Wave of Mutilation.
Dude, cool.
I love this song. Garbages, I think I'm paranoid because I love garbage.
No, the Pixies. That's cool.
That is pretty rad. I like the Pixies, too.
Now, there's some unconfirmed songs in the game, and these are forum members that are saying this from the Score Hero and Something Awful forums.
So take this with a little bit of a grain of salt, but these would be very cool additions to the game. Red Hot Chili Peppers Danny California is rumored for the game, as well as Soundgarden's Black Hole Sun.
That sucks.
I mean, come on, who does not remember the video to Black Hole Sun back from the days when MTV was cool?
Rob.
Which, by the way, thank you to our live listeners tonight for choosing us over to those Skanky Awards shows that are going on on MTV right now.
Back in the day?
Back in the day, yes. That was my freshman year of college.
Back in the day. How old are you?
Thirty-one.
That's right. She's just a fabulously accessorized girl. That's all she is.
Yeah, right.
Anyway, that's all I have to say.
Well, speaking of things, from back in Rob's day, no, I'm kidding. Rock Band is also saying there will be 18 master recordings from The Grateful Dead as downloadable content. Isn't that cool?
Oh, gosh, I hope it has Keep On Truckin' in it.
Truckin' is one, Uncle John's Band, Touch of Gray, Sugar Magnolia, and Casey Jones.
And my favorite part about the whole thing is they still haven't announced what the price point is going to be.
Didn't they?
No, they have never announced price points for download content for Rock Band yet, so people are kind of afraid.
Wimpy people.
What?
The ghost guy in our chat room says Jamie is old? She doesn't sound old?
Well, you have to consider this guy's probably 15 or 16 or 18.
Bite my butt.
But you're young at heart. That's all that matters.
Seriously, the older I get, I realize 30 is not as old as you think. I remember when I was 18.
I used to think that 30 was old because my mom had me really young, so my mom was 30 when I was in high school.
Yeah, my mom was 30 when I was in high school, and I thought 30 was old.
And then I saw my friend's parents. I was like, is that your grandfather?
When I was in high school, my parents were like 60.
I always thought that was so bizarre.
My mom had me when she was 38.
My mom had me at 17.
Wow. Ghost guy responded, I'm not going to bite anyone's butt.
I love our chat. That was ghost guy.
Jamie is trying to figure out the whole bathroom situation.
Sorry, guys. We're listening to Jamie try to get in the bathroom. She's yelling at it.
She went out there and she's like, oh, somebody's in there, and I'm thinking nobody's in there, but I wasn't going to tell her.
Anyways, so, surprise! Guitar Hero 3 on the Wii is not going to have download content initially, but at least it will have online play.
I don't know. They haven't really figured out how to implement download content yet, I guess, on the Wii.
I know. I was going to say, how would they have download content on the Wii? The Wii is not exactly set up very friendly.
I guess there's the Wii Shop channel.
And also, where would they store it? There's no storage on the Wii, so they're going to be very challenged to try and figure out how to even do that.
They just didn't really think when they designed the Wii, did they?
They're just like, oh, if no one knows the story, who's going to store it?
No, it's not that, because remember, they were trying to release the Wii for cheap. Remember, they wanted to do it at, what, $99 at first?
They wanted to make it a very, very cheap system, so they purposely left all that crap out.
But honestly, though, how much are flash drives? They're not that expensive. I mean, you can easily put a two or four gig drive in there and it wouldn't cost you anything.
I mean, it's stupid. It really is. Or just support additional storage or something. Ben said, no.
You can add memory cards to it.
Yeah, for saving your save games, but not for anything else. That's it. It's just for save games and maybe virtual console titles and that shit.
Yeah, but they can't design it so that when you download content that it would go into the memory card?
That doesn't seem like it would be that hard for them to design it that way.
Well, they have to add a patch or something, because right now it doesn't support that.
Jamie, why did you walk in here and then tell me to die in a boat fire?
Because you should.
That's mean! See, you're mean!
You were making fun of me while I was going to the...
Especially if you die...
That's what we do here. We make fun of you when you're not here.
If you die in a boat fire, that's pretty pathetic.
Just kidding.
If you die in a boat fire, that would be really awesome and stupid.
I don't want to die in a boat fire. I'm not going to go on a boat now.
Is it my turn yet?
No, it's not your turn. It's my turn.
I'm taking my turn to tell you guys that Video Games Live is having a CD release on October 15th.
It's their Greatest Hits Volume 1.
Now, it's actually not a live show.
They didn't go around to all these venues and actually tape the songs being played live.
But they've actually taken some of these artists into the studio.
For instance, Martin Lung, who's the piano player who plays all the songs.
They got him to record some of these songs.
And they're going to have the CD come out from World of Warcraft, Super Mario, Halo.
It's going to be pretty awesome.
That is, if you're a nerd.
And it's a rumor, but I believe that each copy is going to come with a lock of Tommy Tallarico's hair.
Can't confirm that.
From his head or his pubes?
It doesn't say.
Maybe the limited edition comes from a different place.
That's disgusting.
Wow, I think I made myself throw up in my stomach.
Rob, how does your body even work?
This is what happens when I'm gone for a week.
Everything just goes to hell.
And Rob throws up in his stomach.
Which is totally counterproductive.
I meant to say my mouth.
Didn't I tell you guys when the show started?
That would be like regurgitated feeding.
Isn't that eating?
Yeah, no Rob, shut up.
Have you never heard the expression, you just made me throw up in my mouth a little bit?
There you go, that's what I was going for.
But for some reason I said stomach.
I don't know why, I told you guys at the top of the show, I'm broken tonight.
Aw, poor baby.
Let's get Rob some duct tape.
I haven't even had anything to drink.
What's wrong with me?
I was going to come last week and bring you my really expensive booze from Grease.
And it didn't happen.
We definitely need to take a break pretty soon because the show is already broken as it is.
But we've got one more thing for you guys before we go to a break.
And that is the one and only Website of the Week.
As presented by Dark Sakura who surfs the internet up and down and all around every week to find a website she likes to share with all of you.
Miss Dark Sakura, where should the kids be pointing their web browsers to this week?
Somewhere else.
No, the Website of the Week is BBC Radio 1 homepage actually.
I a lot of times really hate the crap that's on the radio over here.
So I will go, you know, turn on the BBC Radio 1 and listen to it.
I also a lot of times will record the, you know, interviews that go off of there and some of the music specials.
You can actually get a lot of good information off there too.
Just like, you know, if there's other interviews posted, there's your singles charts.
You know, you even get in some of the indie stuff that comes through.
So I think that's pretty cool.
A lot, I think, a different variety of music than what we're used to over here.
I mean, a lot of it's the same. You know, you got your mainstays, but I think it's pretty cool.
I like that it's all free streaming radio.
And the other good thing about it is that there's a schedule up.
So if there's something in particular that you want to listen to, a lot of times it will be up there.
You can rewind it too and get back.
I've actually recorded a number of guerrillas and interviews off of there back in the day.
Pretty cool.
Tiger Claw would like to back you up. Tiger Claw says BBC Radio 1 is awesome.
The essential mix is the best show.
I like listening to, I can't think of her name, but she's one of the DJs on there.
She really does some good interviews.
Anyway, very good stuff.
Do they still play the Spice Girls on BBC Radio 1?
I don't know. Usually I just block that out.
I miss the Spice Girls.
The sheist girls.
Eddie, you want to go see the reunion tour with me in San Jose?
I so want to go, like, so bad.
Me too!
Remember, why am I out here?
The very short version is that Irene and I, it was like 3 in the morning, were playing Spice World.
I don't know if you guys remember that game from PS1.
That game was awful!
Awful, awful, awful, awesome.
We were laughing so hard and it was like 3 in the morning, so of course Rob comes out wagging his finger.
Why am I out here?
Because we were being bad and Rob was going to spank us, I don't know.
Well, never mind. There's another part to this story, but I can't say it, even though the show's already got an explicit tag.
Let's just say, let's just say they were interrupting something from all their laughing.
I was very upset.
I think we need to take a break on the show now, because I don't actually know how much video game content was in tonight's program.
So we will go, and the people responsible for screwing up tonight's program will be sacked.
And those responsible for the sacking would like it to be known that they too have just been sacked.
Alright, so everybody will be sacked during our break, and we're going to come back with a stupendous Part B.
It'll be fancy and nice.
Doing it in a completely different manner and at great expense.
Because, honestly guys, there's only one way we could probably fuck up this show even more.
That's by letting Rob keep talking.
Well, that would be one. But the other would be is that tonight, and by the way, fuck you.
In tonight's Part B...
Do not want.
No, but you do want this. Part B tonight will have the match game.
That's right. Nerd match game in Part B tonight. Can't wait for that.
So Eddie will be here.
That's too much metal for one man.
Shane will be here, and one more guest. We haven't even...
Did you point at me when you said Shane would be here?
No! No, that means I have to sound really apathetic.
May we go to break time now?
Orange Lounge Radio is taped live on Sunday nights and is podcasted to the world twice a week.
Stay tuned to our podcast feed for the conclusion of this week's Orange Lounge Radio.
