Tonight, September 23rd, 2007, a highly anticipated Wii game is going online, Sony goes back to
good vibrations, and have we finally figured out what the game Africa is all about?
Hello everybody out there on the internet and welcome to another week of Orange Lounge
Radio. We are that video game program dedicated to video games, gaming, gamer culture, the
gamer lifestyle, and boobs, right Dark Sakura? Yes, I have some. Alright, congratulations.
Thank you, I'll tell my mom. Alright, yes please tell her about the show you do on the
internet where we talked about your boobs tonight. I'm sure she'll really appreciate
that. You've called her. I know, that was an old OLR stunt, that was old news. That
was yesterday's news. Let's not call my mom today, okay? Alright, probably not. Also joining
us, the man with no boobs, and that's a good thing, Loki. Hello. How you doing, Loki? Fine.
Awesome. And it's just the three of us here in studio tonight, just feeling the love between
the three of us since there's no guests to speak of tonight. Miklotov sadly moved back
to Kansas so he's not going to be on the show for a long time. He might be back in December
for a little bit but we won't have him on for a while. Trying to get our friend Casper
the Gay back on a future episode but, you know, we have to be careful because you have
too much of him on the show at once. The show might just combust. So, sometimes it's good
to just have the three of us and you guys in the chat room over at chat.orangeloungeradio.com.
Folks in the chat room there. I see some new faces in chat tonight. Welcome everybody in
the chat room. Really appreciate you guys tuning in live here on this Sunday night.
Alright, let's start off the show. Enough chit chat. How was your gaming week? Dark
Sakura, how was your gaming week? Um, I started playing a game again. One that I played for
a very, very, very, very, very long time. Ooh, did you get into Final Fantasy XI again
too? Fuck no. I'm playing Ragnarok Online again. Heal please. Oh, what are you playing?
Because you were a white mage in Final Fantasy XI. So, what are you playing as in Ragnarok
now? Well, I started off with a ninja and they kind of suck. So, I went back to my old
standby of Assassin and, um, right now I am at level 79-47 I think. Uh huh. 79 base, 47
job. Sheesh. Assassin. Well, it's a 50-50-50 server. I haven't played Ragnarok in a long
time so I kind of forget what that means, but it just sounds like borderline addict.
Well, um, the whole thing about it is that it's very, um, it's pretty quick leveling
the way that they've got the ratio set up with lots and lots of loot. Wait a minute.
You said you're playing on a server that's 50-50-50? Yeah. Gravity's going to come in
and say, we ban you! Fuck Gravity. They can't. They're playing on a 50-50 server. They can't
do anything. And besides that, I can go back to IRO anytime I want to because I was in
the beta and they don't delete the beta characters. Oh, that's good. So, my characters are still
sitting there. And to tell DJ Dark Knight, the Ninja class I haven't quite figured out
just because I haven't found any good FAQs in English. And Dark Knight's comment for
the record was, Ninjas don't suck, Jamie. It's 50-50-50, by the way. And what does 50-50-50
mean? Meaning that it's a higher ratio for leveling. You get more experience, more loot.
It's more, okay, it's more experience for base level, for job level, and for your loot.
It's drop rate. So, um, it means you get a whole bunch of crap. And like, I was already
over 400,000 zenny for money, like, in two days. So, and the thing is that I just don't
like play and play and play and play. I play and then sit and do other stuff while I'm
talking to people and then go, oh, I'm still logged into Ragnarok and play some more. And
then go, okay, I'm bored, sit, and then go do other stuff. So, because it's windowed
and really easy, I can just leave it running. And the server's really nice. I'm playing
on Deliverance Online, if anyone. Windowed MMOs for the win. Windows, yes. I am going
to be quitting World of Warcraft until such a day that I have a PC that works that will
run it. I'm going to be playing Guild Wars instead, because thanks to Plan C, I only
took them like, I'd have to say four business days, I think, that they got me my, um, my
key restored. So nice. And they, they email it right to you. Everything's cool. So I'm
gonna go, uh, it's really cool. Instead of just being all like, oh, fuck you, your key's
broken. You lose. They will actually, if you, if you send them a high quality enough image,
they will, um, decipher what your key is. Wow. And, um, give, give you whatever your
key was. They'll base it off of the one that you were given. Dang. So their customer service
is really good then, huh? Oh yeah. I wouldn't think that they, I would think most companies
would tell you too bad, so sad. They're really on the ball. Wow. Really on the ball. And
I also, um, we got stuff. Dan came back from the Game Crazy Manager Conference. So I'm
getting a free Halo 3. I'm getting a free Heavenly Sword, which I want to play. I'm
looking forward to it. We got a copy of Jean Dark already, which I'm going to be playing
through. Um, he got some other games. We're supposed to be getting Mass Effect. He said
that it looked really, really, really sweet. Yeah, I'm, I'm looking forward to that too.
And then, um, he got to play, uh, uh, Dracula X Collection and he thought it was really
cool. Um, I actually watched a bunch of videos from Tokyo Game Show. Um, not from Tokyo Game
Show, but, um, well, from Tokyo Game Show, I watched the, the Knights demo, but I was
watching the, um, the footage from, uh, uh, Rondo of Blood and it looked really, really,
really good. I think I'm going to be very impressed with it. And, um, we got a whole
bunch of t-shirts that we don't want and we're getting a, uh, Wii Zapper and we already,
he came home with a Wii Sword. So rub it in with all this free shit you're getting. I'm,
uh, looking in chat, some folks, uh, dissing Heavenly Sword in chat. Fildos. I don't care.
I'm playing it anyway. I like that name, by the way. Fildos says, I beat Heavenly Sword
in five minutes and Mikosense says Heavenly Sword in all that great. I don't care. It's
free and I'm playing it. It does look pretty. Pretty things are good. Like I said, it's
free and I'm playing it. There you go. All right. Uh, let's go over to Loki. Loki, how
was your gaming week? Uh, my week was a little busy. Um, let's see. Of course at work I've
been playing more Saints Row multiplayer. Now we're doing all Rocket matches, which
are pretty fun. Um, then of course, you know, the big one, um, I got Halo 3 early and you're
breaking stuff. Sorry. Um, so I actually have already finished the game. Um, it's kind of
short. Reminds me, see now I never really played, I mean I played Halo once or twice
and I've played Halo 2 maybe once or twice, but never through the entire story mode. So
I think most of the story and the ending stuff is pretty lost to me as far as, uh, the impact
I guess. But, um, I don't know. It was good. It reminds me a lot of Resistance. I mean
there's a lot of parallels between this game and that one. So, I don't know. How so? Well,
I don't want to give away too much. I mean, I don't know, I mean if anyone's actually
heard anything about the game, you know, there's a race called the Flood and they remind me
a lot of the race of creatures that you fight in Resistance. Um, I don't know. The game
itself is pretty good. I liked it. Um, the multiplayer is pretty fun. I can't wait to
play more of that. And then co-op I really want to give a try to some of that. Overall
it's pretty good. Definitely not the best game this year. Definitely not the best looking
game this year, but I don't think you really need to have the best graphics to make great
games. So, it should be good. And I know that Bungie supports their games pretty well, so
I can't wait to see what they do with the rest of it. Um, then the last game, well actually
there's a few others. I played Brain Age 2. I bought that for Nelly and I don't like that
game. I don't like that game because, why? The text recognition and the voice recognition
are horrible. They're absolutely horrible. Like there's a part where you're having to
yell out, you know, rock, paper, scissor and you're playing that and you either have to
win or lose. And it did not understand scissor. I had to like go, scissor, scissor, scissor.
And it finally is like, oh, okay you got it. Or it'll just say you got it wrong. And then
there's another one, it was addition, where you had to like insert the, um, the operative
for a math problem. So, you know, I'd draw a plus or something and it would think it's
a multiplication, like an X or something. I'm like, that does not look like an X at
all. Or there's another one that wanted me to spell out stuff, um, to like create a word
and I was trying to draw a B. And I mean, it looks like a B and it thinks I'm drawing
like a D or like something else. It can't recognize my handwriting. You know, so it
gives me a really crappy, you know, time on it because it's stupid. So, I don't know.
It's really frustrating. Luckily, I didn't buy it for me, so that's all good. Um, then
the last game I played was Rock Band. I actually went out to, um, Sacramento today to check
out the Rock Band. They're doing that mobile tour thing.
I knew I forgot to do something this weekend. And, um, so it was interesting. Um, there's
actually hardly anyone there. I mean, they had enough stations for about, I would say
twenty people to play at once. They had like five different setups, so it was pretty easy
to get in there. Um, the problem I had, and hopefully this is not reflecting the final
product is, that guitar, man, there was some issues with that strum bar. It just was not
working at all. I mean, I failed two songs on easy. And I mean, I'm not great. You know,
I can do the three keys fine, but this thing was not hitting right at all. And they were
like, well, I don't know if it's the humidity or what. And it wasn't very humid out. But
I'm like, there's like barely any humidity in California, people.
The humidity or whatever, but pushing down the strum bar doesn't work. You gotta pull
up sometimes, because the down will stop working. I'm like, okay. So, you know, pulling up worked
fine, and we ended up playing Tom Sawyer, and that was okay. Um, the game itself looks
exactly like Guitar Hero. I mean, if you've seen Guitar Hero and you've seen Kariok Hero
Evolution, it's just those two games combined. It's not a big surprise. The drums look kind
of neat. The way they had them set up, though, they were very low to the ground. But it worked
for whoever was playing drums. I ended up playing the bass guitar, because that was
all that was left. And I do like the buttons on it. They have buttons towards the top and
of course towards the bottom for like, I guess, solo stuff. I never really figured out, because
you can use the bottom buttons the entire game. And I guess you use them also when you're
doing the finale part. Other than that, there's a little effector thing there. You can switch
between like five different effects, including like chorus, echo, and they have like some
wah-wah and other stuff that you can do. So, it was okay. But, I don't know. The guitar
thing, also they were a little bit thinner, and probably about as light as a normal Guitar
Hero guitar. So, the guitars look good. I don't know. I mean, I'm sure that the guitar
has been through all sorts of abuse if it's on this tour. So, I'm attributing to that,
but I hope that there isn't an issue with the guitars when it comes out, because that
game is quite expensive. So, we'll have to see. But otherwise, it was fun. Definitely
fun. I like the whole team kind of aspect to it, because my guitar was giving me shit.
And so, I failed the first song, and my other teammates kind of got me back into the game.
And the same thing happened in reverse the last time. The drummer failed, and I got him
back in there with the bass guitar. So, that's kind of cool. I don't know. It was a good
game though. But, if you expect anything really different from Guitar Hero, you're going to
be disappointed. But, it'll look good. All right. So, do you think that Rock Band
got lots of awards at E3 2007? Do you think that it's worthy of all the praise it's been
getting? I think so. I think, well, Guitar Hero 3, I don't really think they're doing
too much different, other than the fact that they're going to be catering to more of a
hardcore crowd. It's kind of like the In The Groove. If In The Groove were created by Konami,
this would be kind of like that. Where it's a game catered towards people that really
want insane charts to play. Whereas, Rock Band's going to be a little bit different,
because they're going to try to appeal to everybody. The place that they had it showing
today was this Rhythm and Ribs Festival. It was a bunch of middle-aged people listening
to blues music and stuff, eating ribs. I just happened to go just to play this game. But,
I think it'll be good. The problem is, they're going to have a tough time selling it for
200 bucks. From what I hear, and I don't know if this is going to be exactly the case, they're
only going to be selling the game by itself, and also that special edition, which is going
to have the guitar, drums, and microphone. Those are the only two ways that they're going
to have them. But, I guess in 2008, in January, they're going to start selling the drums and
the guitars separately. So, I don't know. Alright. Well, my gaming week, I also got
to play Halo 3 for about 15 minutes, because Loki brought it over here, and I wanted to
see it. So, I got part of the way through the jungle.
One last thing I forgot to mention. Since I did get the collector's edition, there's
another game that's actually on the disc, on the add-on disc. It's almost like a flash
game where you have to put grenades underneath a warthog to fling it into the air to destroy
aliens. Let me show the game to the OP11 people again
so you can see the box, because this is different than the box art I've been seeing online,
because most of the reviewers got the regular copy of Halo 3, but you somehow managed one
of these little special edition things, so it's pretty neat there.
So again, if you want to look at webcam feed of our show archived, it's operate11.com.
Sometimes we hold up random things in front of the camera just to show what's going on.
So I played Halo 3, which was pretty cool. Again, I certainly haven't played enough to
give an opinion of it. It certainly looked nice, I'll say that.
And I like the customization. I love the customization in games like that.
And all I have to say is I was able to make my emblem a unicorn, and it was awesome, because
unicorns are rad. So there you go.
More on Halo 3 next week. I have been spending my entire freaking week
playing Eternal Sonata. I ran out and bought this game the day it came out, because I really
enjoyed the demo, and I have been loving the game.
And I've been reading some of the reviews online of the game, and I honestly think most
of the critics have been pretty harsh on this game.
I think critics across the board just don't really care for Japanese role-playing games,
especially 360 reviewers. Because on the 360, you don't get a lot of
games like this, but this is kind of a throwback to some really rad PlayStation 2 games I can
think of in the past. So I don't know, I would say if you're a fan
of these types of Japanese role-playing games, don't listen to the reviews.
Is the game perfect? No. Some of my issues with the game is that the
game tends to repeat the monsters over and over again.
Like you go into a dungeon, and there's basically only two types of monsters you can fight.
There's scorpions, there's other things, flying bugs or something, I don't know.
So the monsters get a little stale, and the game does feel a little bit easy on the easy
side. But that's probably just the way that I play
RPGs usually, is I grind hella much in the beginning so that I'm one step ahead on the
EXP. But otherwise, I think the game is awesome.
I love the battle system in the game, because with the battle system, basically the play
field is live. You run around the field, you have five seconds,
depending on what level your party's at, you have five seconds, then like four seconds,
you have a certain amount of time to run around the battlefield to where the monster is, and
then attack or what have you. So it's like a tactical mixed with a Final
Fantasy type battle system. It's really cool.
And then there's light spots and dark spots, and the special attacks you do in the light
spots are one thing, and the dark spots are completely a different thing.
And of course, every character has their own stuff, and later on, as you advance, the one
cool thing is that the battle system builds and builds.
In the beginning, your five seconds only counts down when you're actually doing something.
But then later on, you have four seconds that counts down no matter what.
But you get perks from that. You get this echo meter that you build up.
So the more attacks you do, the more damage your special attacks do.
It's pretty neat, intricate, the way the game works.
And the game is beautiful, very colorful, lots of greens, blues, reds, you know, just
all these different types of areas, snow areas, fire areas, you know, just really shows off
the graphical capabilities of the 360. And I, for one, think the story is pretty
awesome. I mean, it's certainly one of the most original
stories you'll see out there. I mean, it's based around Chopin, and how
in the last days of Chopin's life, he was kind of dreaming up this fantasy world, and
this whole story takes place in a fantasy world.
But it's really deep, and it's really weird. Like, one thing I hadn't heard about until
I really started playing the game was that at random occurrences, the game will actually
cut away to these, like, educational pieces about Chopin's life.
It's so weird. Boo, education!
No, no, no, no. It's not like that.
It tells stories about Chopin's life, and while it's doing that, it shows, like, pictures.
It shows, like, really beautiful high-definition pictures from, you know, Poland and France
and all these places that he lived, and it tells you these things about Chopin's life.
But the pieces, and they're playing the scores on piano.
And by the way, for you DDR fans, the song Kakumei from DDR Max 2, you remember that
song? That's based on a Chopin piece, Revolution,
and Revolution is the whole second stage in the game.
So you actually hear the original piano piece, and it's showing you all these pictures, kind
of telling you about Chopin's life, and what it is is kind of mirroring what's going on
in the game. And it's just really interesting.
Some really long monologues and stuff. It's a good story. Certainly worth checking
out. Some of the voice acting is actually really
good. Some of it is a little bit irritating, like,
I don't care for the little child beat or polka, but some of the other voice acting
is really, really good in the game. So I definitely recommend it.
If you own a 360 and you are into role-playing games of the Japanese style at all, you totally
should check this one out. I think it's better than a lot of critics
are making it out to be. Not that critics are giving it bad scores,
but like 7s and 8s, but I would definitely say this game is at least an 8.5, if not a
9. It probably will be one of my favorite games
of the year. Going to chat room, looking at some comments
there. Chat.orangelandradio.com if you guys want
to participate. Ghost says, anyway, Eternal Sonata looks beautiful.
GS68 says, fuck corporate reviewers. WTF, I can only move in two dimensions.
There's no save points, I keep dying, and the game can be beaten in under one hour?
Negative 264 out of 10. You know, I think the thing about reviews
is that everybody's different. Everybody's different and likes different
stuff, including the reviewers out there like different stuff.
So, you just have to kind of find that reviewer that matches your taste, and maybe that's
me here on this show, or maybe it is somebody that writes for one of the corporate sites.
And I also think people are influenced by hype and stuff, like for example, if I wanted
to rate Halo like a 7 or 8 or something like that, people would be jumping all over me.
They'd be like, what the hell, this is the game of the year, blah blah blah blah blah.
I mean, hype does go a long way, that's for sure.
And also, did you notice that those commercials for Halo 3 that they have right now, like
the final set of commercials and teasers and stuff, completely suck.
It's like that they have a marketing person from Sony come over and create commercials
for them, like with that stupid digital museum shit.
It just shows fucking gameplay. That's all you got to show.
You don't need to show some fucking old guy talking about a plasma rifle or some shit
like that. No one knows nor cares what it's for.
I don't know, it's stupid.
By the way, the story in Eternal Sonata is kind of a real downer.
Like, you don't really see these types of stories in games, but I'm not going to real
spoil anything, because the very first thing you see is one of the characters jumping off
a cliff, apparently committing suicide, talking about letting herself go or whatever.
And then of course, you know, Chopin is dying, and he's actually a character in the game.
He's talking about dying.
Meanwhile, there's another character who's 14 years old who realizes that because she
can use magic, she has an incurable illness.
So it's like all these people are dying, and then there was one death scene at the end
of one of the chapters I just beat, and this character died, and she realized all the wrong
that she had done in the world, and gives this five-minute monologue before she dies
and lets this dove go free as her last dying wish.
I mean, it sounds hokey the way I'm describing it, but actually, the way it was done was
really cool.
It's got good news and bad news for you.
Good news, you can do magic.
What's the bad news?
You have brain cancer.
Essentially, that's what it is, but here's the interesting thing is they try to make
parallels between that character and Chopin's sister who died as a teenager of tuberculosis.
See there's all these really interesting parallels in it that I think make the story certainly
really creative.
You know, you may have those cliche RPG moments in it, but it's certainly never seen anything
like this before.
You know, if TB gave you magical powers, maybe people wouldn't be so sad over it, you know?
I mean, you are so wrong.
I don't even know what to tell you.
There are some magicians out there which would get TB.
I'm looking at you, David Copperfield.
Alright, anyhow, that's really all I've been playing.
I checked out that one game that came out on Xbox Live this week.
What is it?
Geos or whatever?
I don't know.
It looks stupid.
Was it Geos, the system on the Commodore 64?
It's like Geon Emotions or something.
Isn't that like an English school in Japan?
I don't know.
Geon Emotions.
Oh, is it Geon?
I don't know.
Maybe I was thinking of the Commodore 64 thing.
It's Geon, I'm not going to buy it.
That's what it's called.
It was okay.
I played it for like 15 minutes and then I was like, I need to go back to Eternal Sonata
because I'm not progressing enough in the story.
I don't know where the hell these reviewers are saying this game is too short.
I've been playing for about 16 hours now and I think I'm maybe at the halfway point.
It may be a little past.
Like 30 hours is short for an RPG.
How long did it take you to beat Halo 3, Loki?
Well, I got the game on Wednesday and I finished it today.
And I didn't play that long.
I mean, maybe, I'd say maybe 10 hours at the most.
There you go.
And let me put it this way.
I mean, I guess, granted, Halo 3 has a shitload of replayability value thanks to the multiplayer
mode.
Well, there's a lot of stuff you can go back and, like, I played it on Normal difficulty,
which I hear is super easy, but, you know, I just wanted to start at Normal.
Had I realized that you can actually go through, like, Legendary or something like that and
then you'll get the achievements for all the other difficulties, I would have saved myself
some time and just played on the hardest difficulty.
But I was going to say, if one bit of advice, so whenever you get into a sequence where
someone's piloting a vehicle, I highly recommend you kick them out of the driver's seat and
you pilot the vehicle because the AI sucks at piloting vehicles.
Completely awful.
Especially if a woman's driving the car, correct?
Oh my God, there was someone driving, there was a woman driving the fucking, like, one
of the mongooses in the game and fucking just said, I'm going to jump this cliff and then,
like, boom, straight down the cliff or, like, slam it into the wall and stuff.
I'm like, okay, woman out, I'll drive this.
I'm just like, you know, I drove by like typical.
That was hilarious.
DarkSakura, will you be playing Halo 3?
If first person shooters didn't make me puke, then maybe.
No, actually, even if first person shooters made me puke, no.
Because you're too busy with Ragnarok.
No, because I'm too busy playing good games.
Oh, snap.
Alright, let's, uh, I guess that's it, that's really all I have to say for my gaming week.
I've talked far too much about those games I've been playing this week, so let's get
into some housekeeping, of which there's not a lot tonight, no really big changes coming
up with the show, except that we do have episode 250 is only two weeks away, although we're
not planning a whole lot of special stuff for that because we already had, like, a fifth
year anniversary show this year, we do just want to point that out, that maybe something
special will happen, something little will happen in a couple weeks, we'll see.
In the meantime, our show is still simulcast on Operator 11, which you can visit operator11.com
and look at the old video of our feeds, or you can always join our communities on Live
Journal and Myspace and Facebook, I forgot to say the Facebook people last week, but
the reason why I neglected to mention Facebook last week is because Facebook has been fucking
bugging me lately, like, oh, I'm going to take a lot of shit for this, I seriously think
Facebook is getting worse than Myspace, and you know why?
It's because of all those little add-ins that they have on the pages now, like, I get all
these invites to play Pirates vs Ninjas, to have a movie list, to have a, it's just turned
into a bunch of crap, I mean, at least on Myspace, if my page sucks, that's my fault,
but I don't know, I don't want to start a social networking war, but I apologize to
the Facebook fans, twice, for my behavior this week.
So that's that, let's get into some gaming news, and we'll talk about that.
Well, this week we had a lot of big announcements, of course, because Tokyo Game Show was going
on.
One interesting thing though, and will probably be a sigh of relief for a lot of people, Super
Smash Bros. Brawl has revealed their online plans, yes, there will be friends codes, at
least it will be online, so that's good, thank god, there will be options to play against
friends or to play against anybody, so, I don't know, kind of, I guess, typical for
your normal Nintendo online game, so yeah, pretty awesome.
And on the dojo this week, they put up all these snake things, like they finally, you
know, I guess, what do you want to say, officially unveiled Snake as a character on the dojo,
although thanks to E3 last year, we already knew it was coming, but they actually officially,
you know, rolled out his profile and everything on the site, and there's a pretty awesome
picture of him, it's kind of a homoerotic pose, with him and Ike coming up behind him
and doing the whole, like, I'm going to snap your neck type thing, or who knows what.
You know, I remember that one game that I had, and I cannot remember the name for the
life of me, that had a bunch of Hudson characters, and like Hasbro characters in it and stuff,
remember Snake was in there.
Wasn't that the one where you could be, like, Optimus Prime?
Yeah, you could do Optimus Prime vs. Barbie, I mean, how awesome is that?
That was on the DS, right?
Yeah, it was like, you could play as Bomberman, or no, it wasn't DS, it was on the Playstation
2, it was, they had Bomberman, Snake, they actually had Simon Belmont, you could play
as Barbie, there was Optimus Prime...
Dark Tetsuya and Rob D are yelling, Dream Mix TV World Fighters!
Yes, that's it, yeah, that's awesome.
So, you know, really, they could have just ripped that out of, or ripped Snake from there,
and just used all of his moves, because from what I've seen on Super Smash Brothers already,
it's kind of similar anyways, so, I don't know.
Interesting.
Optimus Prime vs. Barbie, awesome.
It made me think of a completely different game, even though it's not the same.
The, what was it, Super Konami World, where you could, you played original characters
that went into different Konami games, it was very interesting.
Very cool.
And that's the one, you could be like, Miss Cool Ninja, what is this, going on, you could
be like...
You could go into that world.
Yeah, that's cool.
I think I played that once.
And I think there was like a Yayar Kung Fu level or something.
That's random.
Alright, anyhow, I also wanted to say about this though, what do you think about the whole
fact that when you play online against strangers, you don't get to see their names, you don't
get to have the little chat bubbles, nothing, it's just a straight up, it's almost like
playing against the computer, except the computer is actually being controlled by someone real
you don't know.
It doesn't save stats, it doesn't do anything.
I mean, in my mind, I'm kind of like, well, then why do they even bother?
Because you can't track who you're playing, you can't, if you liked playing with them,
you can't play with them again later, I mean, there's like none of that.
But I suppose this is just more bitching about Nintendo's online mode.
All I gotta say is their online needs a major overhaul.
I mean, I heard rumors that there's supposed to be some major update coming this month,
and with next week being the last week of the month, I don't think that's gonna happen.
You know, I do like what they're doing with the friend stuff, like if you have a friend
added, you know, how you can do, in lieu of voice chat, I mean, since they don't have
that, you can do the little speech bubbles and things, I mean, that's kind of neat,
I guess.
I don't know, part of the reason the DS online thing works is, I don't know how you guys
do it, but the way I play DS online is that I'll be chatting with someone on AOL, and
they'll be like, hey, you wanna play something on DS?
I'm like, okay, and so then I'll play the game, and then as soon as the game overs,
I can go right over and chat with them, like, haha, I kicked your ass, or, boy, you own
me, or whatever.
Yeah, but even- But you can't do that on the Wii now, unless
I have a laptop.
But even the DS has more features in their online games than the Wii has, I mean, shit,
it's like they've got voice chat, they have lobbies and stuff like that, the Wii doesn't
have that.
I mean, come on, there's more technology in the Wii than there is in the DS, why can't
they implement the stuff that's already implemented in other things?
And if the DS can handle voice chat, why can't the fucking Wii handle it?
The Rob D. in our chat says, honestly, Sky, Wii fighter fans get so few bones thrown to
us in terms of online play that I, for one, don't even care.
Online play on a fighter is enough for me right now.
And Rob D. says, when I play on DS, we chat on Skype, too, that'll work.
And I guess, in a way, you have a point, it's better than nothing.
And I think that's a lot of the reaction people are having to this news, at least that's kind
of what I said, I said, okay, at least it's a step in the right direction, and it's better
than not being online at all, like Metroid Prime 3.
But still, you look at the mainframe and everything that Xbox Live has to offer, and you kind
of go, jeez, Nintendo really feels like a little bit behind in these realms of online
play.
But I suppose with their whole, you know, we're not making games for the hardcore gamers
all the time type thing, maybe they can get away with that, and they probably can.
So what have you?
Well, if you have some further comments on this, you can always send us an email, mailbag
at orangelandrater.com is the place to go.
Meanwhile, I have some news for you guys, and it has to do with Star Wars The Force
Unleashed.
It's a new game coming out on the Nintendo Wii, and you know, a lot of folks are very
excited that they're finally getting a Star Wars game, because of course, you know, Star
Wars game equals, ooh, we're gonna have big lightsaber battles finally on the Wii, yes,
what the Wii was made for.
Well, according to a recent episode of the 1UP Podcast, thanks to my Twitter friends
for pointing this out to me, it may not be so.
It looks like the game may actually not feature that kind of support for...
I would say, because I thought this was coming out on like 360 and Playstation 3 as well.
Yeah, it's probably one.
And it's just gonna be kind of like, you know, Knights of the Old Republic or something like
that, you know, but a little bit more physics and stuff like, you know, it's gonna look
pretty.
But it's not like a true, you know, like playing the Star Wars arcade game, you know, the new
arcade game where they had, you know, the actual lightsaber and stuff that you can play
around with.
I suppose there will be more to come on this, however, I'll leave you with this official
quote from the president of LucasArts, Jim Ward, quote, Wii is a great platform for the
Force Unleashed because the console's motion-oriented controllers really bring the game to life.
We've worked hard to make the Wii version of the game unique in order to truly let you
unleash the Force.
Hmm, but if you, I mean, I don't know, I don't know to what validity the other podcast information
is, but if it's not that way, that's gonna be a bummer.
It'll probably have, like, limited stuff where you'll swing it around to, like, do different
things, but it'll also be, like, if you're gonna be using the Force, like, if you push
the remote and uncheck out, it'll be, like, doing the Force push or, you know, stuff like
that.
It's very limited.
All right, well, I'll still, you know, check it out, and hopefully you do get to do some
Wii lightsaber, but, you know, just because it doesn't have the lightsaber doesn't necessarily
mean it'll be a bad game.
I mean, a lot of people seem to enjoy the Lego Star Wars thing, which had really nothing
to do with motion controls, so you can still have, there's still a lot of good games to
be cranked out of the Star Wars franchise, and I'm sure they'll try for years and years
and years to come.
Well, I've made a mention of this earlier that I'm going to be getting one myself, but
there you've confirmed that the Wii Zapper's gonna be out in Europe this year, though there's
not a date on it yet, and the US will be out on the 19th of November, but the games that
we'll work with so far is Link's Crossbow Training that's coming out, sort of like a
shooting gallery type of game.
There's Medal of Honor Heroes 2, Ghost Squad.
I'm so excited about Ghost Squad coming out, by the way, because it's one of my favorite
arcade games, and Resident Evil the Umbrella Chronicles, so it'll use the Zapper.
Dan was saying at their conference that they weren't calling it a light gun.
They were calling it a pointing system, a pointer system.
I thought that was funny.
Interesting.
Also sort of related, too, is that he did see the new gun con that looks like the gun
con 2 and has a trigger switch.
Over time crisis?
Yeah.
Yeah.
And has a trigger switch on the side for a directional button.
Mr. DeBucket in chat says, it's not a gun, it's a blaster or a pointer.
You know, but it ain't a bazooka.
That thing is still as awesome as the Saturn Enforcer.
Or the Super Scope 6, honestly.
I mean, it was a fucking bazooka.
You can't get any cooler than that.
You really can't.
I'm telling you, man, that thing is so useless.
The miniser, Rob.
The miniser.
Or the activator.
No.
I have an activator.
I'm sorry.
I got it for nine bucks.
I remember when Loki bought an activator.
Why the hell did you buy an activator?
You bought an activator on eBay for something.
It was for your cabinet.
It was for the cabinet.
You poured money.
You were going to do the Para Para thing.
I was going to build a Para Para setup for the cabinet.
This is back when I was going to build one control panel for every single Bomani game.
And back when Para Para was cool.
I ended up throwing the activator stuff away because I got it for like ten bucks.
I did, however, and I still have them, I have the dream Para Para controller, which does
hook up to the PC via a converter.
So if I really want to.
And I remember we played the dream Para Para on the Dreamcast.
It's exactly the same as Para Para, except it has really crappy songs.
Son of Dad asks a good question.
Can Silent Hill Arcade be ported to the Wii with the Zapper?
Probably.
I hope so.
It'll be fun.
Don't you want to shoot Pyramid Head?
Yes.
With hearts?
I'd like to shoot him with death.
With death.
Cake or death?
Cake, please.
Death.
No, wait!
Ha ha, you said death first.
Actually since Dark Sakura brought up Resident Evil real fast, I wanted to say this because
I know it's not in the show world tonight, but did you guys know that a new Resident
Evil movie came out this week?
Yeah, I saw it.
Rice Princess called me last night wanting to know if I wanted to go see it and I was
like, no, I don't.
I never saw the second movie because I knew it would suck.
I liked the second one.
Did you?
Yes, I did.
Apparently the third one isn't bad.
It's better than the second one is what people are saying.
The second one had all the crap I wanted to see.
Really?
Being stuck in a city full of zombies.
I mean, hey, that was fantastic.
But the movie was number one at the box office this weekend.
It beat the Dane Cook movie.
And Jessica Alba.
Was it the Dane Cook movie?
Yes.
Yeah, but Dane Cook sucks, so.
And I think the movie has a 3% on Rotten Tomatoes and Resident Evil at least has like 10% I want
to say.
Okay, let's go see it this weekend, Rob.
I don't know if I want to.
Come on.
I'll pay.
There's serious...
Okay.
You can get dinner.
Here, if you'll pay.
If you want to do something better, Transformers just came into the IMAX.
Ooh.
I haven't seen 10 to 20 minutes of extra footage in there.
Let's go, Rob.
That I might have to go see.
I haven't seen that yet.
But I'm not paying for IMAX.
Okay, I'll pay for IMAX though.
That'll be fun.
One thing I was going to say, once again, commenting on the Wii Zapper, completely useless
piece of shit.
And you guys will all buy it because it has Zelda crossbow training.
You fucking sheep.
And we will prove on this show.
I'll buy it.
Yeah, you will buy it.
We will prove on this damn show that that piece of shit actually hinders your playing
versus helping you and that it is a complete useless pile of junk.
In fact, I think we should use Zelda's crossbow training as the game.
As the game.
All right.
So, yes, for those that forget, Loki and I made a bet.
What was it?
About 10 weeks ago on the show?
We made a bet when the Wii Zapper was first announced, Loki said the Zapper will not be
better than using the Wiimote.
So we made a bet that we're going to play a game and whoever can get the higher score
in the game, Loki will not use the Zapper, I will use the Zapper in a game that was intended
for the Zapper to be used, like Zelda crossbow training.
If Loki can get a higher score than me, then I will have to take his wife out for an evening
so that he can have the place to himself to play all the games that he wants.
However, if I win, then Loki has to go out on a date with me and it'll be videotaped
and chronicled for our listeners.
I'm really just doing it to get a free dinner.
There's nothing involved with that.
I'm not making him put out at the end of the date or anything.
That's taking it a little far, but it will be fun and it will be a free dinner.
Darktitsia says, YouTuber, it didn't happen.
Mikosynth says, I want Skye to win just because that would be freaking hilarious.
I think so, it'd be a good time.
Good times.
Absolutely.
All right, let's travel the globe and look at some release dates, things that are coming
out very soon.
Yes, starting in the US.
This is a big week, of course, with Halo 3 coming out in the 360.
All three versions on Tuesday.
Better start lining up on Monday because everybody else is going to...
You know what?
Seriously?
Why?
Why do you need to line up?
Can't you just go after work or school on Tuesday?
So you can be the first people in the world to play it.
Guess what?
You're not.
Three people on my friends list have already been playing it and we had it.
You know what?
You're not the first in the world, so just wait for Tuesday.
Do you really have to get it at midnight?
That's what I want.
I want to know how many people in our chat room are planning to run out at midnight tomorrow
and buy the game, and if so, why?
That's what I want to know.
Yeah.
Sorry.
Anyways, other games coming out this week, actually some that I'm looking forward to.
Jackass the Game on PlayStation 2 and PSP.
I've got to buy this game.
It just looks...
It's too much fun.
I would...
Well, you don't got to buy the game.
I have to buy the...
Well, yeah, I don't have to buy the game.
Anyways, other games coming out.
Also we have CSI Hard Evidence on Xbox 360.
Hot Wheels Beat That, which I'm sure is going to be an awesome game, on Xbox 360, PlayStation
2, and the Wii.
A small old game called Dance Dance Revolution Supernova 2 is going to be coming out on PlayStation
2.
Yes it is.
Where did that come from?
Yeah.
It's coming out next week.
Yeah.
Funny enough, they haven't...
Oh, battle things.
Yeah, I know.
I was like, oh, yeah, DDR.
I remember when I played that every day.
CSI Three Mentions of Murder on PlayStation 2.
My favorite title, or just name of a title, this week is Soul Nomad and the World Eaters
on PlayStation 2.
I saw the website for that.
It's by the people who did, crap, now I can't think of it.
It's a tactics game, though.
Nice.
I think they did Grimm and Gremor, if I remember correctly.
Or, let's see here, World Series of Poker 2008, and then, of course, on PlayStation
2, PlayStation 3, and the PSP NBA 08.
Let's see, Skates coming out on PlayStation 3, and let's see, on the Wii, you have Bratz
the movie, Dance Dance Revolution Hottest Party.
Loki, why do you even bother reading that title, Bratz?
I mean, can you think of a single person who listens to this show who might purchase Bratz?
I don't know.
There's people that buy Hannah Montana games, so I have to mention everything.
Okay, you know what?
No.
I'm going to pose that question to our listeners.
I want to know if any of our listeners actually go out and purchase Bratz on the Wii.
If so, you have to send a picture, because emailing us just isn't good enough for something
of that caliber.
I actually want to see a picture.
Anyways...
I'm going to let Loki read those dates in the future.
Dance Dance Revolution Hottest Party for the Wii is coming out this week as well.
Really?
Yes.
The bundle.
Let's see here, and then on the DS, we've got Math Play, which I'm sure is fun, and
it has to do with math, Race Driver Create and Race, Crayola Treasure Adventures...
Yay!
It's basically a bunch of crap, and I guess there are some spelling challenges and shit
game coming out on the DS and PSP.
I'm going to read some comments in chat real fast before we get to the next set of dates
here, because there's comments about the 360 midnight launch.
Remember I mentioned that a little bit ago?
SSJ100Matt says, ask the people who lined up for the new Harry Potter book.
Everyplace Imaginables sold it, why line up?
Because there were people that seriously took off work the next day to read the book all
damn day.
Like a lot of my friends.
Rama asks, so how many people are going to call out sick to play Halo 3?
Rob D says, I'd go if the crowds weren't all frat boys and racist 12 year olds.
I love what an employee of an unnamed store told a friend of mine and Dan's.
We have to call you and tell you that your reservation for Halo 3 is here, but you don't
have to come at midnight if you don't want to.
It'll be there the next day.
If you want to comment, chat.orangelaungeradio.com and you can say such things like DJ Morpheus
says, Rob is the Chris Crocker of internet radio.
You know what?
Fuck that guy.
Seriously.
That guy sucks.
I cannot believe he's famous for that stupid, all right, forget it.
Release dates.
Oh, is it my turn?
Yes.
Oh, whatever.
Oh yeah, Halo 3 on the 26.
Big whoop.
Ha, you get it.
Day later.
Oh yeah.
Yeah, but technically their day later is, no, it is later, isn't it?
Anyway.
They're always a day later.
Moving forward to the 28th.
We have a whole bunch of shit coming out.
Armed assault, Queen's Gambit on PC, Blazing Angels, Secret Missions of World War II on
PC, Company of Heroes, Opposing Fronts, Conan on some stuff, Crazy Taxi, Fair Wars, PSP,
Enemy Territory, Quake Wars, FIFA 08 on damn near everything, Grim Grimoire, Jam Sessions,
Juice 2, Hot Import Nights, King of Clubs, MotoGP 07, Ratatouille on damn near everything,
Sega Rally also on damn near everything.
Is that an official console, damn near everything?
Yes.
Stranglehold, it's like the GameX, Rob.
Stuntman Ignition.
Oh yeah, we got that, I think.
Test Drive Unlimited, Xbox 360 Classics, and The Settlers Rise of an Empire.
Good times.
Yeah.
Moving over to Japan, checking out the release dates in Japan.
On the Wii, Bass Fishing Wii is coming out.
Now usually you go, you know, oh hooray, a fishing title on the Wii.
But I think the box art to this game is hilarious because they have like this random sexy girl
wearing a little camouflage vest going, hey, I just caught a fish.
I posted the link in chat so they can see.
But the little cover art for the game cracked me up, so Bass Fishing on the Wii is coming
out.
I don't think if it comes to America it'll have that box art.
My Sims is coming out on the Wii in Japan, the Japanese version.
Boku no, sorry, Boku to Sim Nomachi is what it's called over there.
On the PlayStation 3, The Elder Scrolls Oblivion finally comes out to the PlayStation 3 on
September 27th, along with Agarest Senki is coming out.
It's a compile game from them, and that's coming out on the PlayStation 3.
Looks to be a little strategy-based game.
Kind of looks like it has some RPG elements to me.
Actually, that battle kind of looks like an Eternal Sonata battle.
Hmm, a little tactical there in nature.
Fantasy Star Universe Ambition of the Illuminus comes out on the PlayStation 2, and when I
first read this I thought it said Fantasy Star Universe Abortion of the Illuminus, and
I was like, well, that's going to be a controversial game, but it's Ambition, Ambition.
We may be calling that once it comes out.
Some people called Fantasy Star Universe an abortion of a game, but it's not that bad.
I didn't think it was that bad.
PlayStation 2, Bleach Blade Battle 2nd, coming out on the PlayStation 2, because, you know,
you can't have enough Bleach.
A game is coming out on the DS, and this could be useful.
It's Bartender DS.
This is a game that teaches you how to mix drinks.
Fuck yeah!
That could actually be pretty handy.
Now that is making usefulness out of the DS.
Good job.
Props to those guys.
Namco Bandai is putting out another Tamagotchi game in Japan on the 27th for the DS.
Tamagotchi no Pucci Pucci Omiseki Mina San Q is coming out.
It's a strategy Tamagotchi game.
And then on the PSP, Yu-Gi-Oh!
Dual Monsters GX Tag Force 2, because you just can't get enough Yu-Gi-Oh!
Can you, Jamie?
Don't you love Yu-Gi-Oh?
Not in English.
But it looks like I'm trying to see, oh, it looks like another card battle game.
Surprise, surprise.
Yeah.
All right, that's it for release dates in Japan.
Anyways, so, Tokyo Game Show came out and, yeah, there's a whole bunch of news that I'm
totally, it was really shocking.
Of course, this can't be true because, you know, Sony's come out numerous times saying
that they have no plans on making the 6-axis rumble, but, oh, looky there, look, it's the
DualShock 3.
Oh my God, that's so surprising.
Didn't know that was going to happen.
Okay, let me put it this way, if there's ever a Sony rumor about, you know, them releasing
a new SKU, new features coming, et cetera, it's probably true, and that also goes for
Microsoft.
It's probably true.
So with that being said, the DualShock 3 is official.
It will feature the same wonderful technology that was in the DualShock 2, as well as now
you get, you know, the tilt stuff.
It's coming out in Japan in November, the rest of the world in spring of 2008.
There will be some interesting features for it, including, I believe, they're going to
be, you know, some of the newer games are going to be supporting it.
Also some of the older games that have already come out will be able to support rumble as
well through a patch system that they're going to implement, so, you know, Resistance, and
I think Ratchet and Clank is going to support it, stuff like that, so.
That's cool, you know, with them saying that, you know, rumble is last gen stuff, that you
don't need it.
Boy, they sure know how to backpedal.
Of course, the entire chat room is bursting out in unison, GS68 says, STFU, Sony rumble
is so last gen, and Darktetsuya says, but rumble is so last gen, eye roll.
So what do you think finally caused them to release this controller that we all knew was
coming six months ago?
The whole immersion thing is what it is.
It's because they finally settled with them.
They're saying, oh no, we planned on doing stuff like this, you guys wanted it so we
made it happen.
You know, it's just spin, all it is is that they were going to have it originally, I mean,
why else would the controller shells have room for, I don't know, rumble motors?
Hmm, that's kind of odd seeing as they never planned on having them there in the first
place.
Oh wait, yes they did, but then they found out a company got pissed at them for stealing
their technology, so.
It's all a bunch of bullshit.
Now if I'm understanding this correctly, when the rumble comes out, is the six axis motion
thing going away?
No, it's going to still be there.
It's both.
It's both now.
Okay.
So the two can work together.
Oh yeah, there's special algorithms, they said, that they have, that can detect, can
detect that, you know, the controller shaking is not actually you tilting it in a different
direction or something.
What we've done is we've actually taken a race of little gnome people and put them inside
the controller, and they're speedily calculating all these different algorithms, making the
six axis and rumble technology work together in perfect harmony.
Wow, that's so amazing, because no other systems have been able to do that yet.
Oh wait, no, I take that back, the Wii has one that works just like that.
So the Wii is also powered by little gnome people, that's why they're so hard to get.
I mean, the gnome women are having to crank out babies left and right to make this.
The gnome people are going to go on strike.
No, hell no, we won't rumble.
Please, please, Nintendo and Sony, think of David the gnome, think of David the gnome.
Nintendo Media 64 says in our chatroom, Loki, so that means that Metal Gear Solid 4 and
Final Fantasy 13 will actually be on the 360, they are rumors.
No, I've no Final Fantasy 13, I don't think I'm taking a future story, sorry if I am,
but Final Fantasy 13, they definitively said at the end of the trailer, PlayStation 3 only,
when they showed it at Tokyo Game Show this week, so.
Yeah, what they did show on there is 2020, you can come play at my house, Rob.
Final Fantasy 13 in 2013, that's the whole, yeah, and it'll come out on 1.13 or something,
I don't know, forget it.
Anyhow.
Okay, forget what?
Yeah, exactly.
One other thing that is pretty cool about the PlayStation 3, I mean, hey, heckle Sony
all you want over some of the decisions they've made, but you've got to admit, this is pretty
cool, is the whole fact that you can have the PlayStation portable functionality with
the PlayStation 3, even though we've given it shit on the show before for the rear view
mirror and stuff, you know, things like they've done in Lair and some of their future enhancements
look pretty cool.
They actually, Kazurai was talking about it at the keynote that happened at Tokyo Game
Show, and they were using this game, Manichi Demo, and it introduces some new functionality,
it allows you to turn on and off your PlayStation 3 via remote play, okay, I mean, that doesn't
seem like a real big deal to me, but multiple PSP systems in the future will be able to
connect as a hub, and they're wanting to continue this and use this more often, so pretty cool.
I like this idea, except for the fact that, you know, you have to have a lot of friends
with PSPs for it to work, but they're coming out at a price.
In case you want to have three rear view mirrors.
Well, you need side mirrors.
Well, awesome, that must be a reason why they're buying their system, you know, rear view mirror.
Absolutely.
Awesome.
So, now all my friends have to go out and get a PSP so we can play these games.
I have a PSP.
Alright, cool.
You'll have to play.
Oh wait, I need a PlayStation 3 first.
I have a PS3.
Hey, I'm all set when it comes to rear view mirrors, Kaz.
You already have three PSPs, don't you?
Exactly.
I can see behind me perfectly.
Don't you have to have a certain firmware for that to work?
What are we talking about?
I could be running 3.7.
Hey, I want to do a story of you up, can I, can I, huh, huh, huh?
You may.
Well, recent reports thanks to Crisis Core Final Fantasy VII shows that the PSP sales
have surged in Japan.
In fact, it's gone up by six times on the previous week, and just to give a list of
how performance has been, and that's, again, for the last week.
PSP, 95,487 units, DS, 79,974, Wii, 26,181, PS2, 13,128, PS3, 13,121, the PS2's outselling
the PS3.
That's funny.
Xbox 360, 1,243, Game Boy Advance, 836, and they're still selling Gamecubes at 97 units.
You know, it's pretty surprising, well, it's not surprising that they've sold so well,
because Crisis Core would only run on the PSP Slim, so if you wanted to play it, you
had to buy one.
Thank you, Sony.
Awesome.
Whoa, it won't run on an old PSP?
No, it won't.
Why?
Actually-
Because it's using the full clock.
It's-
Crisis Core?
Yeah.
It will.
I've seen side-by-side comparisons of the game.
Aha!
There's a video file out showing how Crisis Core runs on an old PSP and a new one.
That's right, I've seen that.
That's right, I've seen that.
I thought they said that it wouldn't.
It has a higher loading time, and although I thought it was funny that when they showed
the demo battles, both battles finished at the same time, even though the PSP one loaded
later.
Well, I thought that it supported- I thought they needed the, um, 3.6.
Well, you thought wrong!
Well, this is what I read, okay?
Whatever.
Well, side-by-side comparisons showed- but the thing that was good about that comparison
is that it did show the, uh, better processing power in the, um, in the, uh, new PSPs, but
also just another comparison for, uh, software releases in relation to those hardware releases
is that, um, Crisis Core, um, of course, was the top seller, followed by, um, Pokemon Fushigi
no Dungeon, Tokino, uh, uh, Tonkentai, and also the, uh, Yami no Tonkentai, um, followed
by that Fate Tiger Coliseum, Another Centuries Episode 3, the final, Taeko no Satsujin DS,
Mario Party 8, Final Fantasy Crystal Chronicles, Ring of Fates, Sengoku Musou 2, Mushoden,
and my housekeeping diary, so.
That was number 10.
Well, the women had to buy something.
For sales.
No, they were buying Pokemon.
I want Crisis Core, though.
I apologize to all our female listeners this week after today's episode.
You need to apologize to me, Rob.
I'm, you know-
You need to beg my forgiveness.
Dear Dark Sakura the Great and Terrible, I beg upon ye for forgiveness.
Buying Crisis Core, you know, would only encourage them to make games like Dirge of Service,
so.
I like Dirge of Cerberus.
Besides, I can't really play Crisis Core right now, it's all in Japanese.
Vincent Maycry.
Vincent's awesome.
But when it comes out in the US, we'll see.
I don't mind playing it in Japanese.
Next story, please.
Anyways, um, so, there's another game that's also gonna be coming out pretty soon in Japan,
if you know that game that we thought was free before, oh, but never fear, Sony's here
to take a shit on you.
Gran Turismo 5 Prologue has been priced in Japan for 4980 yen, and also it will be coming
out on Blu-ray as well for a total savings of about five bucks for 4500 yen.
I'm sorry, 4980 was the Blu-ray version, 4500 was the download.
So yeah, you save five dollars downloading it straight to your PS3.
Now I know it's supposed to come with, I think, about 40 cars, and looks pretty nice, but
I mean, after all, you are buying pretty much a partial game, I guess, because it's technically
kind of like a demo.
So 40 bucks for a partially finished game, when you can wait probably a year and play
the full game for 60 bucks?
I don't know, do people like Gran Turismo 5 that much?
But if you're interested, it's coming out December 13th, in Japan, or if you have a
Japanese account, you can probably download it over here.
But not that you do that, because that's wrong.
Fuck no, I'm not gonna pay that, I'm not gonna pay like, what is the equivalent of like $43.10
for Gran Turismo 5?
I want the full game if I'm gonna be paying that kind of money.
Well, Loki, would you pay $69.99 for the Eye of Judgment?
Because the Eye of Judgment comes out soon, on October 23rd.
It looks funny.
For $69.99.
Now the good news is, that is the price of the game and the PlayStation Eye, which is
the peripheral.
Or as we call it here on the program, the Brown Eye of Judgment, that will come with
the PlayStation Brown Eye.
So if you want to get a Brown Eye for your PlayStation, you can get one on October 23rd
for $69.99.
You also get a little camera stand with it, but it's called, this is my favorite part,
the camera stand is called the Judgment Stand.
I'm sorry, I just think of like Judge Judy or something when I see the Judgment Stand.
Here come the Judge.
Booster, now here's the other thing, okay, there's battle maps that come with it, a starter
deck of cards comes with it, and an eight card booster pack.
Here's where things get interesting.
If you want more booster packs, they'll cost you $3.75 each.
You can also get one of five pre-constructed theme packs for $14.99.
Now of course, Loki was wondering, well what the hell is going to stop me from making my
own cards and using them to play online?
Aha!
Well, what's going to happen is that you're going to have to pre-register your decks with
the game and you put in your serial numbers, I suppose, and then the software will randomly
select what cards get drawn next, that way you can't stack the deck.
That's stupid.
Yeah, I can't, it's stupid.
I'm sorry, you know, whereas, okay, maybe the PlayStation Brown Eye can have some future,
you know, nobody's really done a decent camera, I mean how long did that Xbox 360 vision thing
last?
Like it didn't, like it fizzled the moment it hit, because it had, what did it have going
for it?
Totem Ball.
And the fact that you can make your own gamer picks.
Let me put it this way, it was as popular as the eye toy.
Yeah.
Seriously, cameras for systems, I think people just, they're like, ooh, that's kind of cool,
and then, ehhh.
Eye Toy squeezed out a little more life out of it, the Eye Toy squeezed a little more
life out of it, but just because it had DDR probably in, you know, some of the Harry Potter
games and things that kids were into.
But the Brown Eye's going to need a lot more than the Brown Eye of Judgment to do well,
I think.
And that's just plain online and stuff, it says via cheating, pre-registering your decks.
I mean, people are going to crack that so fast.
Well cheat in person all you want.
People are going to crack that shit so fast, it's not even funny.
Why?
Is this on, I ask the cracking and hacking community of the world out there, is this
worth hacking?
I mean.
If you're going to spend $69 on the game, you're of course not going to, I bet you anything
those booster packs and theme packs do not sell well, they're hoping that it takes over
like Pokemon or Yugioh or Magic or anything like that, and just people are going crazy
over the Eye of Judgment and sells tons of systems.
They live in this dream world that does not exist, is what the problem is.
I agree, however, when I hear about things like that whole SingStar thing will have the
camera and you can upload your videos to like a YouTube type service, that sounds interesting.
Yeah, it does sound interesting, and here's the other thing, the PlayStation 3 does support
other cameras other than the PlayStation Eye, so if you have your own webcam that's USB,
why the fuck are you spending money on the PlayStation Eye if you're just going to be
using the video camera to upload, why, I don't know why, but uploading yourself singing badly
to karaoke to put on this YouTube type thing.
If you really need that much attention, you could probably set up your own webcam and
put it on the real YouTube, and guess what, that will be free, and more people will probably
see it.
And you can be angsty about Britney Spears or something, and millions of people will
view it.
I just, I don't see the point.
I mean, the PlayStation Eye of Judgment is as bad as I thought it was, so.
Alright, well if you plan on purchasing the Eye of Judgment, we'd love to hear from you,
mailbagorangeonstrader.com.
I want to know why.
If you're going to camp out at midnight to buy it, we especially want to hear from you.
Why?
That's just what I want to know why.
I hope I get one for free, but I know I won't.
Even if you get one for free, I think you should destroy it live on our program.
They did show off the Eye of Judgment at their conference.
Loki, Loki, Loki, if you get a brown Eye of Judgment for free, can we destroy it on the
program?
Sure.
Hooray!
Destroy destruction!
Oh, I want the camera.
We'll set something up outside.
I want to play the game and then, like, in the middle of the game, set the thing on fire.
Like, if you're playing someone online and then you're, like, dealing another card, they'll
go, fuck this shit.
Whoosh.
We're totally going to do that.
That'll be hilarious.
We will totally do that.
We'll set something up where we can start a small fire and it'll be safe, and we will
set the PlayStation Eye on fire live during a match on the PlayStation Online store.
I love this idea.
I love it.
I like anything that involves fire, Rob.
All right.
Awesome.
Well, how about something that doesn't suck?
All right.
How about it?
Metal Gear Solid 4, which is full of happy and joy.
Kojima was saying that the Metal Gear Online experience is going to include a starter pack.
Trying to look through this to see exactly what this starter pack is.
It's like an online starter pack.
I'm not seeing anything too specific, but maybe it's...
This is like a glorious demo of the game.
Yeah.
Can I say this real quick while you're...
Yeah.
Oh, you can roll over enemies in a barrel.
Somebody in chat sent me a message, this is hilarious, SSJ100Matt says, if the Eye of
Judgment becomes a success, Loki must promise to dress up as Tingle.
I will take that bet because I know...
Whoa!
He took the bet!
Ladies and gentlemen, everybody must go out.
You record, time stamp this, record it, put it in the archive, the bet has been taken.
Okay, now we have to wait, hold on now, we need to set the parameters here now.
You said a success.
What do you mean exactly by a success because that's very general and very broad.
It needs to sell like say a million units, how about that?
Is that a success?
Yes.
If the Eye of Judgment sells a million units, Loki will dress up as Tingle.
I will dress up as Tingle.
I guarantee you, if that thing sells a million copies, which it will not.
Wait, worldwide or domestic?
You gotta be specific because the damn thing could take off in Japan.
You never know.
I will even, I'll go as far as saying worldwide.
Holy shit!
Holy shit!
I don't think it will do anything.
I don't know how many billion people in the world.
That's like saying one in four people buys this thing that owns a Playstation 3 and there's
no way that's going to happen.
Suddenly everybody in chat has just preordered the Eye of Judgment.
Go right ahead.
Worldwide, I bet you anything that will not sell a million copies.
Wait, we have to set a deadline here because a million copies could happen like eight years
from now or something.
Okay, six months after release.
Six months, okay.
That's six months after release.
If it sells a million units...
One million copies worldwide within six months.
Alright, you got it.
Don't forget chat room.
Don't let him forget this.
You are all witnesses and I will take many, many videos.
Oh, goddamn.
I'm even going to go out and buy the Eye of Judgment now just to destroy it and get us
one step closer.
You're dressing up as Tingle on YouTube.
To Loki dressing up as YouTube.
Dressing up as Tingle on the whole thing being put on YouTube.
Here's the best part.
If it sells a million units, Loki will be dressed up as Tingle burning on fire and no
one will get it.
Can you imagine our poor opponent?
Okay, cosplayers who listen to the show will be sending you measurements.
Here's the thing.
We have to be playing Bobby Black Wolf when it happens and nobody tell them what's going
to happen because Bobby was your first friend on the PlayStation 3, so nobody tell Black
Wolf what we're up to.
Is he going to buy that?
But he'll be the one.
I don't know.
We'll send him a copy just to make this happen, okay?
How about to go back to Metal Gear Solid 4?
I'm sorry, yes.
I'm still cracking up.
They're basically saying that some of the gameplay that's going to be involved in that
little demo was like it was saying rolling over enemies with a barrel and then shooting
people into the air with a cannon.
That's fun.
Yeah.
Is he going to do those moves like he does in Super Smash Brothers where he comes up
behind somebody and looks like he's about to, you know, ass rape them?
He does that in all the other games.
Why not?
Alright.
Sounds like fun.
Anyways.
Sorry.
I had too good of a laugh.
In case you don't get enough of browsing the PlayStation 3 store because, you know, there's
a whole lot to look at on there, you will now also have the ability to browse the store
on the PC soon.
So, you'll be able to purchase PSP content without using the PS3 and also, I think that's
all it's being used for right now is basically PSP content because I guess a lot of people,
you know, don't have a PS3 so if they want to download those, really, a lot of people
don't have a PlayStation 3.
Yeah.
I know.
It's surprising.
If they want to download those, you know, PS1 games, now they can do that.
So, hooray!
Well, the thing that got everybody excited about a PlayStation 3 earlier this year was
PlayStation Home and if you were hoping to play PlayStation Home this year, you better
hope you're in the beta because otherwise, you're not playing it until spring of 2008.
Oh, something delayed on the PlayStation 3.
I know.
Who would have thunk it?
Really?
This bombshell was announced by Kazurai during the Tokyo Game Show press conference.
You want to know something else that was delayed?
Seriously, everything that comes out on the PlayStation 3 has been delayed lately.
I mean, like, Skate came out a couple weeks later, was it Stunt Magnition came out almost
a month later, Stranglehold's been delayed again to the end of October now.
Which just goes to show the PlayStation 3 should have waited before it released.
But anyway, that's old news now.
It should have released this year.
But for guys of twos coming out, it'll go a month later?
You know, here's the thing though, despite all the shit I'm talking about it, if it's
that awesome, maybe it'll be worth the wait.
You know, I'd rather they do release it bug-free or with as few bugs as possible and just really
awesome and the killer app to have for the PlayStation rather than them rush it to make
it for this year.
Right?
They'll eventually decide to charge for it once, you know, it's been so long.
It might be worth it.
That's a big might.
Big might.
But it might be worth it.
It has potential.
But we'll see.
Meanwhile, I still have no reason to get a PlayStation 3 until Final Fantasy 13 comes
out.
So that's all I have to say on PlayStation Home.
Being delayed.
Well, for those who are keeping up with some of the news out of Togo Game Show, there is
a new Kingdom Hearts, well, more I would say addition to the Kingdom Hearts franchise to
be out on DS, PSP, and mobile phones.
There is going to be Kingdom Hearts Birth by Sleep for the PSP.
It's a single player RPG like the PS2 one.
Kingdom Hearts 3, 58 slash 2 days for the DS, which is a 3D game with Roxas.
And it also will have a four-way multiplayer mode.
And the last one is Kingdom Hearts Coded that is on mobile phones.
Coded sounds actually pretty cool.
It's like the original Kingdom Hearts game, but you can almost like edit the worlds or
something as you're playing through it.
It's like the Matrix and Kingdom Hearts together.
That actually though, after playing Kingdom Hearts 2, at least from the beginning of it
makes perfect sense if it's like set in, you know, I don't want to spoil it for anyone,
but if it's set like in dude's computer.
Hmm.
Remember with Roxas and all that.
I never beat Kingdom Hearts 2.
But you did play it from the beginning, right?
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Oh, yeah, yeah.
So you know what I'm talking about.
Yeah, I do.
I do.
I'm looking forward to the games.
I'll check them out.
I mean, hopefully they're better than Chain of Memories.
But as long as the Disney stuff stays intact, because that's the one thing that always worries
me.
It worried me about that Final Mix trailer or whatever it was at the end of Kingdom Hearts
2.
Like it was very, very not Disney related.
And to me, that's a big charm of the series.
You know, come on, Tron World was like the awesomest part of Kingdom Hearts 2.
So as long as the games aren't totally deviating from the Disney stuff, I think it'll be okay.
It's very interesting that everything's going handheld, especially with Squeenix between
this and Dragon Quest IX.
I'd be surprised if Final Fantasy XIV wasn't for the DS.
We'll see.
Well, one good thing we can say about the PlayStation 3 is that it has really helped
the Folding at Home project.
In fact, they have made the milestone achievement of reaching one petroflop.
That's one quadrillion floating point operations per second.
And basically, it would take everyone in the world 75,000 calculations in a second to achieve
a similar result.
So that's pretty awesome.
But have they found the cure for cancer yet?
No.
So what good is a petroflop?
If the program has...
No, I'm just kidding.
I think it's a fun little project.
I like those distributed things.
You know, there's actually an OL Army for Folding at Home, and I tried running it on
my computer for a while, but it conflicts with World of Warcraft.
Like you can't run them both at the same time.
Priorities, Rob.
World of Warcraft is clearly more important than cancer.
Absolutely.
Going to comments from chat, they're a little bit delayed, so sometimes we report on the
last story.
TheRobD says, Skye, none of the Kingdom Hearts 2 stuff had Disney stuff in there either,
so Kingdom Hearts will have Disney.
And WonderDocHerald says, singing along with the Little Mermaid was the best part of Kingdom
Hearts 2.
Not Tron, but the Little Mermaid.
This part sucks because the songs were awful, but, the original songs, but they were even
worse in Japanese.
But the Little Mermaid has awesome music.
Well, the songs that were from the Little Mermaid were good, but the ones that they
made up for the game sucked ass.
The Japanese ones were pretty.
Yeah, but the songs were actually worse in Japanese, including the originals.
And TheRobD just wanted to clarify, he meant the trailers.
Well yeah, I got that, but hopefully the listeners did too.
And Ghost in our chat room says, World of Warcraft causes cancer.
If you're smoking and playing WoW at the same time, which I've seen people do, it just might.
And drinking.
Then you're going to have all sorts of problems.
Well, the MotorStorm developers are not going to have a problem making money anymore, because
they just got bought from Sony.
Sony bought Evolution Studios, and it's a subsidiary of BigBig Studios.
They made Pursuit Force, but of course Evolution Studios were the makers of MotorStorm, and
lots of Sony fans are very happy with the game MotorStorm, and Sony's very happy with
it too.
Evolution has also unveiled that since they've been purchased, they've also been given the
go-ahead to make MotorStorm 2.
Which, as a side note, Nintendo, make Excite Truck 2.
You want them to make it?
My wife demands it.
Excite Truck 2?
Excite Truck 2.
Or Excite something else.
So it could be like Excite Boat, I don't know.
No.
That won't work.
We do not need another Hydro Thunder.
Well, when I think of what a cool...how about Cobra Triangle on the Wii?
That game was awesome.
I played that game.
Cobra Triangle was so awful.
It was so awful.
Rad.
Shut up!
Cobra Triangle was like RC Pro-Am mixed with Gradius in boats.
How is that a bad thing, I ask you?
I don't know.
This is pretty bad.
By the way, Big Big Studios is already making Pursuit Force Extreme Justice.
That should be fun.
That should be fun.
That should be fun.
Next week or two.
Yeah.
Very cool.
Well, congrats, Sony, on your marriage with these new companies.
Congrats to Dark Sakura.
Let the humping start.
Congrats to Dark Sakura for finding yet another website to share with our listeners tonight.
And this is the next to the last website of the week segment.
Can you believe it?
I know.
I should say next week will be Dark Sakura's final website of the week because in the next
series of episodes, starting with 250, she's going to be doing the classic game of the
week.
Yep.
Which will be fun.
So until then, though, she surfs the internet up and down, finding her last few websites
to share with you.
She's got one for you this week.
Take it away, Miss Dark Sakura.
The website of the week is actually one given to me by Sauce.
It's retrojunk.com.
R-E-T-R-O-J-U-N-E.
Retrojunk.com.
And this site is the best ever, ever.
You have everything from old TV show intros to commercials, including video game commercials.
Oh my God, Rob, I found out that a game that I love that was a PC game was actually on
the Turbo Duo and now I have to find it even though it's 30 bucks on eBay.
Dang.
What game was that?
Loom.
Loom is rad.
I love Loom.
Good choice.
But there's, in fact, on their main page, I actually have an article about the Sega
Master System, which I don't know if anyone knows, the Sega Master System was actually
still going pretty strong in Brazil for a very long time with a lot of games that came
out on 16-bit and later coming out over there on this 8-bit system.
Lots of really cool stuff.
I mean, just some of the TV intros listed on the main page is Danger Mouse and Voltron
Hunter, Robocop.
The commercials listed are old Nickelodeon commercials from 1982.
That's awesome.
Private Benjamin.
And I'm sure YouTube just makes this shit even better now because everything's on YouTube
now.
Actually, all of this stuff, from what I understand, I don't think these are links out of YouTube
but hosted on their own thing and all the...
Oh, cool.
As much of the stuff on there is actually pretty damn good quality.
Nice.
One thing that I was actually watching the Voltron went, oh my God, there's an article
on here that's 80s movies you hate to love and it's got a picture of Shona from The Last
Dragon.
Shona.
Who's the master?
Shona.
Yep.
And some of the trailers on here is like The Brave Little Toaster and King Kong versus
Godzilla.
Wow.
This is pretty cool and it has stuff dating back to the 60s, 70s, 80s, I think 60s but
definitely the 70s, 80s, and 90s and lots of just really awesome retro stuff.
Pretty fun.
What I was trying to mention is that I went back to watch the Voltron one and it actually
had the Go Lion intro and outro on it.
A lot of the chat room seems...
And David the Gnome, Logie.
A lot of the chat room gives your website of the week their seal of approval.
I'll be linking this in the chat room.
Also, if anyone is curious, there also is a forum on here.
It looks like they are talking about, oh, do you remember this?
Do you want to see this?
I'm trying to remember the name of this show.
That type of thing.
And there is one on here.
This is which video game songs made you tear up.
Aww.
I had one that made me cry.
What's that?
It was Eyes On Me.
Aww.
Final Fantasy VIII.
Whimp.
Just kidding.
I'm a girl.
I'm allowed.
No, I was getting...
To bite my ass, Rob.
I was getting a little choked up at Eternal Sonata.
I didn't cry but I was getting a little choked up.
I was getting va-clempt.
Eternal Sonata...
Talk amongst yourselves.
Eternal Sonata made me a little va-clempt.
Eternal Sonata.
Neither Eternal nor Sonata.
Disgust.
555-4444.
Anyhow.
Yeah.
Loki, please save this program.
What is Africa?
Sure, we know it's a continent in the world, but really, what is Africa the game?
Well, it is a Pokemon Snap type of Jungle Safari game where you drive around and you
take pictures of wildlife.
That's awesome!
Africa.
No, I totally want to play that.
So it's Africa Snap?
Apparently, yeah.
Rad!
No, I totally...
The only, only way I will play this game, and goddamn it, this better be possible, and
I know it's won't be because they're going to pussy out, is if I can't drive my Jeep
all over the savanna, destroying wildlife as it rolls underneath my tires.
That is the only way I will play this game.
They're going to put the fucking things on a track.
You know it.
Just like in Pokemon Snap.
Because you would have tried to run over all the Pokemon, too.
Yes.
I'm totally going to play this game.
I fished out money for the Cardcaptor Sakura game just because I thought it was like Pokemon
Snap.
That, and I wanted a clock and a plate.
Pokemon Snap is fucking rad.
It's like one of the most underrated games in my opinion.
The Cardcaptor Sakura game, however, is not.
But it comes with a clock and a plate, a knife, a fork, spoon, and...
Does it have a little wand you can wave?
No, and a pillowcase.
It was on Dreamcast.
Rama says the game should be like Jumbo Safari, and I agree, because Jumbo Safari is awesome.
Let's see.
Tiger Claw says, I'm more curious how the AI in the game is like.
Like if you see a pride of lion, will it show them getting it on?
Of course, mine doesn't...
Well, it shows them eating something.
I want to see blood in this game.
Eating smaller animals.
I want M-rated Africa.
We want monkeys flinging poo, lions doing it, and lots of carnivorous death.
The Rob D. says, is Debbie Downer today saying, I don't think Africa is going to be a sandbox
GTA game.
I don't know why they're like making this out to be like a big game for the Playstation
3.
It's just like, it's going to be yet another disappointment.
Yet another average game where it's like, look, it's the most realistic African safari
ever!
And then people will be like, so?
We need people to actually get shot though.
I'm not buying your fucking $600 system for an African safari.
Fuck you.
Mr. DeBucket says, Africa is a former Hot Shots Golf 5 minigame.
You used to shoot gold balls at the animal.
That must be weird.
Someone, uh, GS68 was bringing up, uh, Let's Go Jungle, a rail shooter where you shoot
the wildlife.
If you want to join in the fun, chat.orangelandrager.com where we do take live on Sunday nights.
I did not want to kill the animals.
I wanted to see the animals killing other animals.
That's right.
Like I said, carnivorous death.
They need, the monkeys need to be out, you know, picking each other's fleas and eating
them.
And the, all the animals need to be out doing it and giving birth and eating other animals.
While I plan on...
And they need evil giraffes.
Here's the perfect way to derail the show.
Screw Africa.
It's all about laser cats to the game for Playstation 3.
Where is my laser cats next gen game?
I, I, can you, I mean, this lolcats thing on the internet, you know, the I can ass cheeseburgers
of the world and all that stuff, the lolcats, has really become this little phenomenon.
How come the video game industry is not cashing in on the lolcats?
Oh, don't worry.
They're a little bit behind.
I mean, after all, they're making them with that stupid crazy frog racer thing.
Well, I feel like Space Giraffe was the closest thing I got to a lolcats game because some
of the comments it would make was like lolcats.
I want a lolcats game.
Mr. DeBucket says we need a ceiling cat game.
Winner!
It's a ceiling cat game.
But, but, if you've been on cat macros on LiveJournal lately, it's all nothing but fucking
ceiling cat lately.
Everyone is picking any word that ends in eight and making a ceiling cat macro to it.
Like ceiling cat is watching you masticate or fornicate or abbreviate.
But my favorite one, someone, two people did this, they did one with Daleks and it says
ceiling cat is watching you exterminate.
That was great.
There's one with Bill O'Reilly, ceiling cat is watching you bloviate.
Um, let's see where's, there was one that was like, there were some of the older ones,
one of these was like a marathon post.
Yeah.
It had like everything.
And one of them is ceiling cat is watching you look for words that end in eight.
Ceiling cat is watching you cogigate, ceiling cat is watching you regurgitate.
Ceiling cat is watching you vegetate, ceiling cat is watching you spin a plate.
Sealing Cat is watching you precipitate.
Sealing Cat is watching you perm- permutate.
Sealing Cat is watching you oblivious.
With Harry Potter reference there, Sealing Cat is watching you percolate at a Starbucks
there.
Sealing Cat is watching you animate with The Simpsons.
This is my favorite, the little truck.
Sealing Cat is watching you compensate.
Anyway, I'll link that in chat, because I'm sure the podcast answers are like.
I like Sealing Cat is doing a figure eight.
Dude, what the hell did I sign up for?
Yeah, and Wunderdog Harold is right on.
says it's like green eggs and ham for a new generation can you imagine that is
untapped profit right there what the sues series no to make like children's
books like with like internet with Lord yeah you know like ceiling cat you know
the book for children you know could have like a whole thing to go along with
it ceiling cat is watching this show suck no I didn't end at eight sorry well
what can always what can save a show from going downhill is a good old story
that relates to porn or in this sense erotic miss in World of Warcraft that's
right an erotic role-playing guild that was spanned across two realms has been
disabled by blizzard blizzard forcibly disbanded the guild but of course they
just went and made it under a new name the guild abhorrent taboo is a horrid
side RP guild on Ravenholtz a Ravenholt which is almost the name of the server I
play on Ravencrest it had an alliance chapter on Blackwater Raiders here was
their welcome message on their forums quote role-playing is legal even if you
are role-playing something that wouldn't be considered deplorable and highly
illegal in real life it's still just role-playing it isn't subject to any
form of disciplinary action negative publicity is still publicity make a dig
or website about how sick we are reporters to perverted justice all it
does is bring in more members in fact the dig guy on Ravenholt made us made
about us was so effective several people signed up for a while just to be in our
guild the bottom line is we're allowed to do what we want on any server we
please and no one can do anything about it and those types of things by the way
would be extreme sexual situations meaning sometimes with folks that are
under 18 blah blah blah cetera cetera use your imagination here yeah but it's
all in game it's all fake anyways so are you saying it's okay it's all in game
they're not going out and actually having sex with like children or
something like that unless if they are then that's you know wrong but it's all
in game I mean let let them end up on an episode of like you know was it a date
line or something like that yeah you know I'm kind of torn on this is that
you know I do believe censorship is wrong at the same time there's probably
some pretty I mean there might be some normal people that are trying to you
know this gives a bad name to role players everywhere is what it really
does but you know on the same time blizzard has the right to do whatever
they want with their servers all they need to do is go second life I mean come
on I mean way back away worse than what we're doing to which mr. de bucket says
pedo bear is watching you play World of Warcraft I guess that's a play on
ceiling cat I have no idea huh no pet a bear you don't get it and yeah yeah I
get it I guess it's been going on for a while is that I you know I never noticed
these guys in game but folks have been petitioning customer service and posting
in the suggestion forms wanting people to do stuff about this extreme role play
and finally this guild was forcibly disbanded and we'll see if there's a
comment from blizzard here oh yes quote this matter is not one blizzard takes
likely in air lightly in any way shape or form we do not wish to have this
topic continue circulation let it finally be said that we appreciate those
of you who brought this particular issue to our attention and it will continue to
follow up with this matter in the future to ensure the safety of all parties is
concerned by the way the guild is reformed their new name is vile and a
FEMA anathema anathema I mean what does that even mean I don't know and it means
it's a front cute well there you go I don't know if I'd really call that
erotic in Wow just kind of crazies people in Wow crazies I'm curious what
you guys in the chat room think chat orange lounge radio.com a legend of
Zaku says Loki I'm sorry but speaking in a sexually suggestive manner to a minor
is not protected speech by the way what dictionary definition a thing that is
detested or loathed cursed or consigned to damnation or destruction at least they
have a sense of humor about it interesting well you know what I only
blame the parents because they should be watching them what their kids are doing
amen to that hmm good point all right I don't want to talk about this while
guild anymore I'm done are you spent yes I'm spent well this is the best thing I
think to ever be control to be controlled to be invented is the ps2
nerf wireless controller I some I think it's actually dark test yeah I think
posted a link in live journal about this and I want one so I can throw my
controller at the screen and not break my spleen in my TV you know lots of
people do that throw their controllers everywhere so art I mean seriously the
to read the description on gamestop.com the nerf wireless controller from
pelican allows gamers to play like a pro baller on their PlayStation 2 the
controllers are made from soft pliable nerf material on the outside but feature
legendary pelican performance on the inside legendary mass they are tough
enough to withstand hardcore squeezing throwing twisting spiking and feel like
no other controller on the market and there's retail for $24.99 I thought
those came out like a long time ago I don't know if they did but I want one
maybe it's a new version or something who knows they're kind of ugly but
adorable mm-hmm like an ugly baby all right and on that note I think we'll
bring part a to a close we've gone long tonight on part a I guess we have a lot
to say so we're gonna take a quick break and we'll be back with more of Orange
Lounge Radio right after this. Orange Lounge Radio is taped live on Sunday
nights and is podcast to the world twice a week. Stay tuned to our podcast feed
for the conclusion of this week's Orange Lounge Radio.
