Today, September 16th, 2007, some cult games from the last generation are coming to Xbox
360, a retro CD-based system is coming soon to Wii's Virtual Console, and do M-rated
games so better than other games? Orange Lounge Radio. Hello everybody out there on the internet
and welcome to another week of Orange Lounge Radio. We are that podcast dedicated to video
games, video gaming, gaming culture, and the gamer lifestyle. My name is Rob Roberts, you
might know me as Sky. Joining me, as always, say hello to the one and only Dark Sakura,
Jamie Summers. What? How are you, Dark Sakura? Meh. I'm sorry to inconvenience you with our
little program tonight. I was busy. Busy doing what, might I ask? Petting my ferret. Petting
your ferret? Having fun? Is that a euphemism for something? Maybe I shouldn't ask. Say
hello to the tech master, Loki. Hello. How are you doing, Loki? I'm doing fine. I'm glad
to hear. Just fine? Well, I'm trying to get, I have a custom firmware on my PSP Slim, and
I'm trying to get it to run ISOs, but I think that there's been some changes versus what
I was running before, so. Gotcha. Well, happy birthday. A little late, by the way. Thank
you. Mr. Loki. And hope, you hope you had a good one, but I'm sure you'll tell us all
about your little birthday gathering last night in a minute. Yeah. During How Was Your
Gaming Week. But yeah, we're gonna start off with How Was Your Gaming Week. I want to introduce
the chat room, though. Chat.OrangeLoungeRadio.com. If you're listening to us live here on this
Sunday evening, you can join our chat room. Just head on over there. And of course, if
you aren't listening live, just join us sometime. We tape live Sunday nights at six o'clock
Pacific Standard Time on our live 365 feed, and now we have a webcam on Operator11.com,
although I don't know, the webcam feed's not that exciting. You just kind of like see my
face looking at the camera and Loki's back, because of the way the room's set up. But
I'm hoping when we finally move the show out into the bigger room, we'll have more stuff
to look at. So this is, this is all warm up. This is all the, the pre. This is the foreplay.
This is the, yeah, that's exactly right. This is the foreplay with the camera. Thank you.
Dark Soccer, always the witty one. All right, How Was Your Gaming Week. Since we don't have
guests here tonight to introduce, after last week's like clusterfuck of people, it's an
empty house tonight. We're just feeling the love, the three of us. Dark Soccer. I didn't
play anything. Nothing? Except World Cup Soccer. Oh, and we had Uno going on in my house, because
Dan's buddy Will has decided that he loves Uno now and has been doing what he calls Ultimate
Dickery Games. What, pray tell, is an Ultimate Dickery Game? Well, actually I've been calling
it that. He's just calling it being an asshole. As in doing all the make you draw until you
get the card and doing extra draws for challenges and things like that. And then he's doing
challenges all the time. So he's just being a complete asshole and he's doing it on purpose.
So like setting it to like the maximum cards you can possibly draw and all that stuff?
Yeah. I see. And I think, I don't know if he's doing it under Dan's gamertag, though.
I think he's doing it under his own. Or yours. No, he's not doing it under mine or I'll beat
the crap out of him with a ferret. That would be funny if he did, though. I'd laugh. I haven't
even touched Final Fantasy, though. Wow. Sorry to hear it. It's alright. I've been playing
World Cup Soccer, though. Like a fiend. UndeadZerg in our chat room actually says, DarkSakura
again? You love that World Cup Soccer. It's because it's the best pinball machine ever.
Well now, and unfortunately, I don't know if you were going to get into this later,
so I'm sorry for spoiling it, but I guess your desktop had a little crap out this week,
so that takes out your PC gaming. Well no, actually I have something else, but it sort
of goes into my FUs, sort of. I tried to get back into Guild Wars, and then we'll get into
the FUs later. Oh dear, alright. So you played more games than you thought. Well no, I updated
Guild Wars, and that's as far as I got. Uh oh. Dear PlayNC, please work on the weekends,
not love me. P.S. Crap. Alright, well then we'll go to Loki. Loki, how was your gaming
week? It was good. I took two days off this week to play games. Unfortunately, during
those two days, I really only played Bioshock. I did finish it, though, so that's good. And
unfortunately, I forgot to do a few things while playing through it, so I wasn't able
to get all the possible achievements I could, so I have to go back to some of the earlier
saves and maybe replay through it again, but I'm like 820 out of 1000, so that's pretty
good. Not bad for an achievement horse. Not bad, yeah. So I'll go back and do that stuff.
It's a good game, interesting twists. I mean, it's a pretty cool twist, and you don't realize
it throughout most of the game. I guess you kind of pick up on it a little bit as you
go through, but it's also good to note that those audio diaries kind of tell more of the
back story. They're not just there for achievements and stuff, so definitely check those out while
you're playing the game. And then other things, like I mentioned, I bought a PSP Slim. It
is very light, and of course the first thing I do to it, I hacked it and tried to put a
custom firmware on it, and now I have 3 PSVs for some reason. And I just bought the cables
for a video out today, so I haven't tried that yet. What is going to be pretty cool
though is when I do get the homebrew on there, because I'll be able to hook it up to my TV
and play around with that, and play Nintendo games on my TV I guess, though I can do that
with like 5 other systems. I don't know. And then I've been trying to get my PS2 back from
my sister so I can play the beta that got leaked out for Manhunt 2, because that's supposed
to be good. Other things I played during the week, more Call of Duty 4 beta. I still suck
at it, but it's going to be great. I can't wait for the game to come out. Of course,
more Saints Row multiplayer at work, and they're kind of getting frustrated with me because
I keep winning a lot, and buy a lot. So, sorry, it just...
And you're so humble too. Well, I don't play it that much, I only play
it at work, and so everyone thinks I'm practicing or something. I really don't, and it's not
like I'm that good or anything, I don't know. And then, I'm trying to think, what else?
I played some Xbox Live Arcade games. I played a little bit more Worms, and that's just kind
of... I don't know. I don't even know if I want to play that to get achievement points,
but yeah, I think that's pretty much it. Yeah, Worms was better like ten years ago.
Exactly. I love Worms Armageddon. That was like the ultimate for me, and then it just
kind of... they haven't done anything with it since Worms Armageddon, other than make
it worse. So, that's about it so far, yeah. Alright.
I got the Ratchet & Clank demo, but I didn't get to play it yet, so... for PS3.
You will be playing that soon. Yes, yes.
Alright. Well, my gaming week, I've of course been playing more Final Fantasy XI, and it's
pretty awesome because Shane, before he left town, he actually got me a clock for Final
Fantasy XI, which is actually pretty hilarious. It's a little Vanadiel clock. It actually
shows you what time it is in Vanadiel, along with the Earth time, and it sets these little
alarms that you can set on it. It's so funny. This is like for the totally hardcore gamer.
But when the timers run out, this is the best part. It plays like little music box music.
Hold on, let me see if I can get one to play. Isn't that the cutest thing you've ever seen?
And by cute, I mean you have to be like a real addict to appreciate something like that.
I feel sick to my stomach now. I will tell you what's made Final Fantasy
XI a little more tolerable this time around is the Windower. It's this third-party application
I'm really not supposed to be using, and I could probably get banned for saying that
I use it, but the Windower allows you to play Final Fantasy XI in a window. So instead of
sitting there looking for party, doing absolutely nothing, I can actually sit there and surf
the internet while I wait and look for a party. It's the best thing ever.
Now Windower does have some cheats built in, but I don't use them because that's how people
get caught, and I don't want to cheat. I think cheating in MMOs is screwed up, but I don't
see too much of the harm between flipping between different windows. I mean, I used
to have my laptop over here and doing that. World of Warcraft, you can. Guild Wars, you
can. Yeah, so I don't think it's a big deal about
that. So there you have it. Let's see. Uh-oh. Is our feed dropping? No?
It said it was lagging. It said it was lagging? All right, our chat
room's saying the feed's screwed up. If the feed keeps screwing up too bad, I guess we'll
have to kill Operator 11. I hope I don't have to do that. We'll see.
But I'm looking in the chat room here, and I'm looking at what the chat was saying. They
played their gaming week. We have a lot of threes in the gaming week. I see a lot of
Metroid Prime 3s people have been playing. Nintendo Maniac 64 says Metroid Prime 3.
Hitstun says Quake 3. Raw Steel UT says Persona 3. And then Son of Dad has been watching The
Office Season 3. There you go. And then also I've been playing on the DS Planet Puzzle
League, because Planet Puzzle League is all kinds of awesome. And trying to get more people
on my friends list, though, so I'll be posting my code in our little thread we have there
on the forums over at OrangeLaunchRadio.com, trying to get more friends for Planet Puzzle
League that I can play against. I bought a pink DS Lite for Nellie, so now
she has her own gaming system to play with. Without having to bling it out?
Yeah, and I just got her today. I got her a pink case to go with it, so she's all pinked
out. So, before we get into housekeeping and gaming
news tonight, let's talk about your birthday gathering, Loki. You didn't mention anything
about our little trip this week. The real life game we played this week.
Yeah, we went to Stars in Vacaville, which is this bowling alley slash entertainment
center. It's got Qsar laser tag in there, which I think is the best laser tag game ever.
Of course, if you played at Stars, it is not the best laser tag game ever. It is pretty
bad actually nowadays, and this is probably the last time we'll be going back there.
The packs were horrible. I mean, just broken in every which way you can imagine. In fact,
I think the very first game I had, my pack had no speaker on it, so I couldn't tell whether
I was hitting people when I was out of lives, anything like that. Plus, it didn't shoot
straight, which didn't help either. They claimed that their computer system is
broken so that they can't change the game settings, which is bullshit because they said
the same thing last time and I yelled at them and they finally did it. Also, the people
that work there are complete morons. In fact, they didn't really give a shit about anything.
The second game, for example, we beat the other team by 800 points.
That game was awesome. It was the worst pummeling I've ever seen.
In the first game, the pack I had, I was like invincible. You could only kill me by shooting
my gun because my front and back was out. There were so many things wrong with that.
Eric went with us on Punk Night. I don't know anyone that might know him on Final Fantasy
11 or World of Warcraft, but he had a pack that said that he only fired five shots and
hit 59 people. His hit ratio is 100%. That's like ultimate bounce.
He never got hit, which is complete bullshit. He didn't fire. He fired a lot more than five
shots. The game was so fucked up and they really don't care.
So why don't you open your own?
Because it costs a lot of money to do that.
Can you get a loan?
Not that kind of a loan right now because I don't have property or any sort of collateral
to go with it.
Don't.
Car, but it's going to cost at least half a million dollars to open one of those places.
I'd love to do it because it's not that fucking hard. Shit, if they can run a laser tag place
there, and it may be poorly run, but they have just like two people doing it, it can
be done.
Not to mention, other than laser tag, we were just getting drinks in between games and stuff
and the fucker, and they have this little cafe or something that you can buy food at,
and they have one person working there pretty much at the counter and I guess running food
also.
So it took us 10 minutes to get a fucking soda because she kept helping other people
and I guess you fucked up orders and stuff like that.
It was just really horrible and none of the equipment at the laser tag place looked like
it had been repaired in years, it's just really fallen apart.
So fuck them, we will not be coming back.
You know, I want to point out last night was the first time I've seen a DDR machine in
a long time too, but the thing I thought was interesting is I kind of assumed that DDR
was kind of dead, and I know this might piss a lot of people off that obviously our show
started a long time ago about DDR, we all met playing Dance Dance Revolution and everything,
so I know it's kind of funny I'm saying this now, but I kind of thought most people play
Dance Dance Revolution at home now, because that's where all the new stuff comes out is
home and there's been some pretty decent mixes we've gotten on the home versions, but I was
kind of surprised, there was a little crowd of kids all around the supernova machine that
only appeared to be half working, like the monitor was screwed up on that thing, but
I kind of walked by and was just like, hmm, some kid was doing max 300, it's like you're
not cool unless you can do max 300 these days.
Well he worked there too, he was the one that marshaled their second game, I wouldn't even
call it marshaling, or for example I was arguing with him because he's like, yeah those two
packs in the back work, I'm like no, we played those packs last game, they're fucking broken,
and the laser doesn't shoot straight, and he's like, well you mean the laser?
I'm like no, the emitter does not shoot straight, oh, well they're still working, I'm like no
they're not, you fucking retard, I just hate talking to them, especially when they're saying
that their system's broken, I'm like, do I need to come back there and set up my own
damn game, because I know how to do it.
Interesting, I just thought it was interesting that there's still that whole little community
for DDR, but that's cool, I'm really glad, even though I kind of thought it was dead,
just because there hasn't been a whole lot of new stuff, I mean supernova didn't bring
a whole lot of new stuff to the table besides new songs, so I was just kind of surprised,
that's all.
So call me a cynic, whatever.
We need supernova too.
Hi cynic!
Shut up.
Alright, anyhow, let's see, let's get into some housekeeping for tonight, of which we
don't really have much, there's not a whole lot to say, so I will plug our MySpace and
LiveJournal communities, and ways that you can interact with us online, of course there's
our website, www.orangelandtrady.com, or we have a MySpace as well, you should add us,
and we'll be your friend on MySpace, and sometimes we post little things up there, especially
like bonus shows, and weird things we tape other places, for instance we taped a show
at AnatomyCon earlier this year that you could only get in our communities, so it's MySpace.com
slash OrangeLoungeRadio, you can add us there, or you can add us on LiveJournal, our community
on LiveJournal is also OrangeLoungeRadio, so there you go, actually no, I think we're
OrangeLounge on LiveJournal, I can't remember.
I think that I don't remember, I don't remember either, I think we're just OrangeLounge on
LiveJournal, I'm trying to look right now, this is great radio I know, this is the best
radio ever, I'm really excited to be a part of this, it's just completely amazing, next
time before I, yeah there it is, we're just OrangeLounge on LiveJournal, there you go,
let's see, I don't look at our MySpace anymore, Rioma says Wii online laser tag, dude, would
that be awesome, an online laser tag with a Wii, no, I don't know, you know what would
have been awesome is Metroid Prime 3 online, but that's just me, yeah that'd be awesome,
there was some actual online content, alright, with a Wii, let's get into some gaming news
then since we've given the community's ample plugging, yes, big news coming just before
Tokyo Game Show here, including some big announcements, including the inclusion of Rez Ikaruga Exit
and more on Xbox Live Arcade, which is really awesome, this news makes me so happy, Rez,
Rez, Rez, they need to do like a new trans vibrator thing, I doubt it, anyways, yeah,
Microsoft had their pre-show conference and Tetsuya Mizuguchi, of course, they're confirming
that both his, I guess remake of Rez, Rez HD, which is pretty much just Rez in high
definition, yay, and then of course Ikaruga Exit, which has appeared on the PSP, and of
course some that have already been announced already, Every Extend, Extra Extreme, and
of course Omega 5, also known as E, sorry, I'm going to my happy place right now, and
Trigger Heart Alexia, if I mentioned I love Tetsuya Mizuguchi, you know what would make
me happier with all of that, if they're giving us Ikaruga, why can't they give us another
release of Radiant Silver Gun, wrong twice now, alright, anyways, lots of awesome games
coming to Xbox Live Arcade, so, yay, I'm excited, I'll definitely be buying Rez, Jamie, explain
for our listeners what makes Rez so awesome, thump, thump, thump, I can't explain what
makes Rez so great, but it's totally one of those trippy things, it's like playing Vibribbin,
it reminds me of those old trance music videos that you used to see on MTV's AMP, like really
late at night, remember that show AMP, back when MTV actually played videos, it would
come on like 12 or 1 in the morning, like it reminded me of that show, except you were
playing it, and the cool thing about Rez is that as you're flying around shooting things,
the little lasers and stuff are all in time with the music, I can't explain it, but it's
like seriously one of those games you just zone out to, I can't think of any better way
to explain it, Vibribbin's kind of like that, but not to the extent that Rez is, you don't
zone out on it, but Vibribbin is definitely trippy enough that you have to blink again
when you move your eyes away from the screen, there you go, uh, Tigerclaw in our chatroom
at chat.orangelandtrader.com says, I guess Rez is the kind of game you play if you want
to create your own personal rave, sorta, sorta, there you go, fucking awesome at a rave I
think. Can you imagine playing that just at a rave? Huge, you know, giant screens. That
might be a way to kinda do it. People trippin' out and stuff, that'd be awesome. Alright,
so I'm very very happy about this news, it definitely takes me to my happy place, um,
Exit I haven't really checked out before, so I'm kind of interested in it. Well, I never
played it, but a lot of people love it, so it's one of those kind of niche things, but
just like Ikaruga was one of those niche games. By chance did they say when this- Ikaruga
was awesome. Did they say when this all was coming out? Uh, I know some of that list,
like the Omega 5 was supposed to be due out in November, so, soon? I know, um, was Every
Extend Extra Extreme is supposed to be coming out this year as well, I think, so. Nice.
I actually, I liked Every Extend Extra on the PSP, that's another one of those just
like totally chill out games. I need to borrow that from you. You want to? I'll go get it.
Okay. This is an awesome game for PSP, so. I will go find it, but first I'm gonna read
a story for you all about another awesome game, and of course, since we have a lot of
music game fans that listen to our program, you guys all know this game, Elite Beat Agents.
Hell, even the non-music game fans know this game, Elite Beat Agents. Oh my god. Good time.
Our Owen Don, for those of you guys who like to import the game. Well, what's cool about
this is that INIS, who actually developed Elite Beat Agents, they are currently working
on an unnamed Xbox 360 title. Now, that doesn't mean it's Elite Beat Agents 360, like, you
know, that would be really hard, because there's no touchscreen on the 360, but it's just kind
of cool that the development team is developing something for another system. They're not
just going to keep games on the DS, so they are making something on the Xbox 360. It should
be said that some of the other games that this company has made, Guitar Man, was another
game that they made. So, maybe Guitar Man 360? That'd be kind of rad. Well, they, you
know, did Guitar Man, well it was really just more like a Guitar Man remix on PSP, where
you could play as What's-Your-Face. Yeah, that's kind of like the Parappa thing on PSP.
It's missable. It's not the end of the world if you don't get it, right? Kick, punch. It's
all in the mind. Hey, my guitar is in my mind. Unjama Lamy 360. Oh, wait, that's not a Unjama
Lamy. That uses the Guitar Hero controller. That would be kind of cool for a live title
that uses that controller, but then again, it wouldn't be accessible to everybody. But
I think it would be cool to have like another music game on Xbox Live Marketplace, because,
you know, we have Boom Boom Rocket, but Boom Boom Rocket kind of died off. Like, they didn't
really expand on it at all. I was thinking there was going to be download packs that
maybe had some better songs, because the default songs are just all like classical song remixes
that aren't that great. So, there's kind of a lack of music game stuff. Like playing V
for five hours? Well, that's just, you know, going to the arcade when DDR Extreme first
came out, but that's a whole other story. So, anyway. Well, I'm excited to see what
the team comes up with for the 360. Well, this puts me in my happy place. I love Ninja
Gaiden, and we're getting a Ninja Gaiden 2, and you can kill a lot of people as Ryu, who's
like majorly cool and awesome with, oh, the only thing is that he doesn't have the cool
looking scarf, but otherwise. But Itadaki is basically saying, here we go, Ninja Gaiden
2 on Xbox 360, so that makes me happy. Man, it's uber violent. Lots of blood flying everywhere.
Yeah, I love violence and blood. Like, I like this picture of him totally cutting off this
guy's head, and it's like, it's not just blood, it's like this glorious fountain of crimson
floating toward the air and covering everything in, you know, it's glory. I think that's beautiful.
It's going to be pretty awesome. Something that's sort of awesome, I guess, Viva Pinata.
It's a game, of course. It came out last year. Some people liked it. I didn't. But, someone
decided that they love Viva Pinata so much that they proposed to their spouse on it.
And so, yes, it's, I don't know, cheesy. Very, very cheesy. I guess cute.
Just say no. But, I mean, why would you use Viva Pinata,
like, send a message over? I mean, that's just kind of cheesy.
As I understand it, wasn't it the case that, like, she actually didn't believe the guy
at first when she got the message or she laughed it off? It's like, ah ha ha, that's cute.
But then, like, the guy actually got down on one knee and proposed or something like
that? So. Yeah, so it. Okay, if you're thinking about
proposing to your spouse, don't do it over a game. I mean, seriously, I don't care how
much you two love the game. Do not do it over a game. It's really cheesy and stupid.
Why not? Jamie got proposed to over UHF. Well, it's not necessarily as much of a proposal
as much of a, we should just get married. Okay? When? Sometime. And, you know, seven
years later. It's just, it is pretty cheesy though. I mean.
It's no cheesier than the people who go to a basketball game and have it go out over
the big screen. You know, that's pretty cheesy too.
I'd be like, don't embarrass me into marrying you shit.
I'm kind of curious what other type of video game related proposals have happened. I'm
kind of looking at our chat room. I'm not seeing a whole lot of stuff there. But what
I thought was very interesting about this story is that a lot of sites really ran this,
although this is really someone's, you know, personal business. But some guy just got kind
of creative. I'm surprised that we never saw an Animal Crossing wedding proposal. Maybe
there was and I just forgot about it. But, you know.
Yeah, I mean, that's something I guess. I don't know. I was going to say, I know they've
done World of Warcraft, that's for sure. And Final Fantasy XI, I'm sure Second Life
has done it. You know, pretty much named the MMO and I'm sure that someone's tried to
get married over it. Or actually performed a ceremony in-game, which is a whole...
Like Ragnarok Weddings, remember Ragnarok? A whole other nerdy, oh my god.
It was actually in the game too, so hey. Need to unplug, seriously. And of course, you
know, especially with Final Fantasy XI, of course they're going to, you know, you can
do it and then they'll just milk you for any sort of in-game money for it.
Comments from chat, lots of comments from chat here. Chat.orangesonshadeo.com if you
want to comment live on this Sunday night. Escapist says, on one hand it's sort of touching,
on the other... Nochillynopitty says, I'm going to propose using an automated Super
Mario World level.
Oh my god, those are great. No, have you seen the automated?
Yeah, I've seen some YouTubage of those automated levels. Those are pretty awesome.
Those are amazing. I was watching them for like two hours on Friday night.
Jamie, I made this in your honor. Will you marry me?
No.
Let's see. RasteelUT says, well, there was that one couple in Japan that got married
in Phantasy Star Online. Wow.
Ryoma says, propose over PictoChat. That's a little interesting.
Well, you're going to be like 65 feet away. Come on. The least you could do is actually
go up to them and say, will you marry me? Instead of just like, look, I drew a little
picture that says, will you marry me? Aww, how cute. No. Just do it.
It's like, okay, you know, I hate to even quote like Kelly, but you don't text message
break up, okay? You don't text, you don't fucking PictoChat, you know, engage.
Oh my god, Loki, you're such a bitch. I'm going to bet slap you, deckhead. I can't believe
Loki quoted Kelly.
It's just, it's stupid. It really is. If you think it's cute, okay, great, it's cute, but
you know, anyone that doesn't play the game, like your parents, relatives, they're going
to be going, what?
What if like you sent a text message over PictoChat that said something like, you know,
open the book on the table and then the book has a ring in it and then like you're on one
knee. Would that be cute?
That would be cute, but okay, just doing it in Animal Crossing is kind of lame.
GS68 said the best thing ever.
What?
Will you be my 2P?
What's that? Where?
Second player.
Will you be my 2P? I get it.
That's cute.
There's some great comments in chat tonight. You guys are funny. Escapist says, better
PictoChat than Ping Pals. If I got proposed to in Ping Pals, I'd say no. I'd say you couldn't
find something better. No. Get out. In fact, get out of my house. Let's see. I like footy
monsters comment too. If I ever proposed to my girl on a game, she'd never see it. Wow.
That's kind of like Loki and proposing to Nellie. How did you propose to Nellie? I can't
remember.
It wasn't over PictoChat. That's for sure. It sure as hell wasn't over Viva Pinata.
Is it private or what? Can you share it?
No. We were talking about getting married for a while, so we didn't really have a proposal
or anything, but I sure as hell didn't do it over like Viva Pinata or anything.
Did you get on one knee and everything?
Actually, no, I didn't. Oh my God, you bastard. It doesn't matter. We were going to do it
anyways.
No, it's fine. The wedding was really nice, if nothing else. Even if you have no good
proposal story.
Even if you took my camera in the bathroom.
Do we have to get into those discussions? You know, that was a very M-rated experience,
and you know what they say about M-rated games?
Let's buy them.
That's right. Let's get them. This M-rated game is $300. M-rated games have higher scores
and better sales. That is to be if a recent study by the electronic entertainment design
and research firm is to be believed. They actually were evaluating some games that were
rated mature by the ESRB, even though mature rated games are only about 10% of what's out
there on what the ESRB rates. Apparently, these titles, quote, have both the highest
average metacritic scores and the highest average gross sales in the United States.
So apparently, having a mature rated game is actually a ticket to better sales. Who
knows? What do you guys think? Is this story surprising? I actually think this is a little
surprising.
I don't think it has anything to do with the fact that it's rated M or anything. I just
think a lot of the games that come out that are really good, they're your big blockbuster
games, are rated M. I mean, let's look at the last few things that have come out. Bioshock
was rated M. Stranglehold was rated M. Heavenly Sword, no, that's Teen. I think Halo's rated
M.
Okay, and that's fine for the hardcore gamers like us, but sometimes us hardcore gamers
keep discounting the casual gamers. You know, it wasn't like the top-selling game last year
based on some movie, you know?
Cars?
Yeah, Cars.
That was a horrible game.
But, you know, Cars is an E-rated game, I'm sure. It would be kind of cool if there was
an M-rated Cars edition.
It might make it a little bit better, but not much.
So anyway, if you want to visit the Electronic Entertainment Design and Research, it's EEDAR.com,
and they have a whole little press release about it on their site. So check it out.
And hopefully this will bode well for the upcoming release of Manhunt 2, but we'll see.
So that's all I have to say on the M-rated games. I'm actually looking to see if there's
anything in chat here.
Ryoma seems to agree, because mature-rated games include Metal Gear Solid, Halo, and
GTA.
Let's see.
No Chilly No Pity says, that's weird. Comedy films potentially make a lot more rated as
PG-13 versus R. Kind of an interesting comparison there.
But Ross Deal UT says, well, that's in theaters. What about DVD?
Hmm.
Interesting.
Well, in other news, speaking of news since you brought up movies, Activision has a demo
out for Spider-Man Friend or Foe on Xbox Live. It's 432 megabytes, and what you do is you
either play as Spider-Man or you are in a co-op mode with either the Green Goblin or
Venom. And you can, in the demo, you fight Dr. Octopus, which is kind of cool.
So it's going to be on PS2, 360, and Wii put out by Next Level Games. They also gave us
Mario Strikers. Mario Strikers Charged, I'm sorry.
And there's a PC version, I think, too.
I was also going to say, there's some other stuff that's come out on Live. They had the
demo for, well, it's actually another demo, I guess, for Juice 2. It's a multiplayer demo
now, so you can check that out as well. I want to say Tony Hawk's Proving Grounds also
up there now. There's another one, too.
Have you played all the demos, Loki? Are you pretty good at staying on top of those?
I try to. I haven't gone around to a lot of them yet.
So what are the ones we need to be playing?
I would say Tony Hawk's going to be pretty good. I mean, usually Tony Hawk games are
pretty fun. Definitely play Flat-Out Ultimate Carnage. I cannot stress that enough. That
game is so awesome.
Timeshift might be okay. I don't know, I played an old-ass demo for it back when it was owned
by Atari, and it was okay then. I don't know if I'd buy that game, though, or not.
I would say, let's see, on PlayStation 3, I know Ratchet and Clank's, if you pre-order
it, you can get the demo with that. And then I was going to say they have Pixel Junk Racers,
but that's not really a demo, I guess. I don't know. There's still a lot of stuff. I'm sure
more demos are going to be coming out soon, especially the Tokyo Game Show and how they
do that bringing it home stuff.
True. Hoping for some really good shit.
SSJ100Matt says, I hear the new Flat-Out is getting closer and closer to a Burnout clone.
I think we talked about this a little bit last week. The box art certainly is, but the
game itself, Logi, from what you see?
Burnout's going in a completely different direction, so I guess you can compare it to
some of the older Burnouts, but the new Burnout game's nothing like it.
Isn't the new Burnout game more like Test Drive, where it's like an open world?
Sort of. It's just really open. I don't even know how to really describe it. It's just
kind of like an open world where you're driving around doing stunts, crashing. I guess it's
sort of like Test Drive, but a lot more interesting.
All right. Very cool. All right. Well, let's get into some release dates and talk about
not just the things you can download on Xbox Live, but what you can go run out and pick
up at stores this week around the globe.
Lots of big stuff. This week, of course, starting to really get into the fourth quarter stuff,
including, as I mentioned, there's a demo out for Just Two Hot Import Nights coming
out on PlayStation 2 and Xbox 360 this week, as well as, well, PlayStation 3's coming out
the week after, because you know all those PlayStation 3 delays.
And then, on PlayStation 2, if you happen to love Karaoke, well, there's quite a bit
of it this week. Sing Star 80s is coming out both the game by itself and a game bundled
with microphones, as well as, Sing Star Amped in both versions there.
And let's see, also on PlayStation 2 and 360, we have Warriors Orochi, which is a very unique
game by Koei that combines Samurai Warriors with Dynasty Warriors. So, if you love the
Dynasty Warriors games, it's yet another one.
On PSP, Coded Arms Contagion, finally coming out, as well as Yu-Gi-Oh! GX...
I thought that game got cancelled.
No, that was the PlayStation 3 one.
Oh.
Yu-Gi-Oh! GX Tag Force 2, also coming out on PSP. Let's see, on PS3 this week, Stuntman
Ignition, finally coming out. And then, also on 360, Eternal Sonata, which is going to
be pretty big.
Sold. I'm so getting that game.
What were you telling me about Eternal Sonata before the show started tonight, Jamie?
Well, I'd know that Chopin killed himself by drinking cholera and vested water because
of his lifestyle.
Yes, he was a gay guy or something, right?
Yes.
Where'd you read this, Wikipedia?
No, actually I learned it in music theory in high school.
Wow. That's interesting. But, like, you know, I totally read that the game is based on the
hallucinations he had before he died. That's, like, all kinds of rad, in my opinion, but
we'll talk more about it later, I guess.
I'm also coming out, Blades and Angels 2, Secret Missions of World War II. The first
game is kind of eh, but, you know, hey, you might like it.
Let's see, on the Wii, My Sims, also coming out on the DS as well.
Cosmic Family, if you have really little kids that like to learn, there you go.
Fishing Master, which is that Hudson-based fishing game, which I didn't think we really
saw too much of it, but eh, if you like fishing, it might be cool.
Mercury Meltdown Revolution, it's a cool puzzle game, only $20 for the Wii, so check it out.
Anubis 2, eh, budget game, so, eh, maybe.
And then, Dewey's Adventure is also coming out on the Wii.
Let's see, DS, my god, there's, like, way too much stuff this week.
DS, Digimon World Dawn and Dusk, as well as, I believe, Digimon World is also coming out
on Data Squad on PS2.
We've also got, let's see here, Frisbee Disc Bundle, which is Frisbee Disc Golf and Ultimate
Frisbee, woo hoo.
Nancy Drew is going to be getting the game, Namco Museum, actually, I hear the Nancy Drew
games are pretty awesome, I shouldn't just pass it off because it's a Nancy Drew game,
I've actually heard they're pretty awesome.
Namco Museum DS is coming out, and that's kind of interesting, I guess.
On PC, World in Conflict is coming out, I know that's going to be pretty big.
Then some of these weird games here, Big Buck Hunter, 30,000 games, I Love Kittens, I Love
Puppies, and, I Love Puppies 2, Loki, Stranglehold, I guess, is coming out as well, woo.
And I think there might be a couple other things on PS2 here, let me take a look, and
Pro Lancer 5, that one's actually supposed to be pretty big, some crappy Honda SBK07
Superbike game, and Safe and Filter Dark Mirror, and that's it.
Wow, lots and lots of stuff coming out this week in the US, and you know, the Japanese
launch calendar looks pretty full as well, not quite as much as we've got over here,
but certainly there's quite a bit of stuff coming out over there.
The Madden 08 Japanese version makes its way to the Xbox 360 this week on September 20,
2007, and it does look like it's localized there for Japan with the text and all that
stuff, but I imagine it's still the same teams, because it's still the NFL, so there you have
it.
Also coming out on the Nintendo Wii, Sengoku Musou Katana, which I'm imagining is a little
bit of a sword fighting game, I'm trying to look at some of the screenshots, and it kind
of reminds me, what's that old Sega arcade game, they have it like Dave and Buster's,
you can swing the sword around, what the hell is that game?
I can't remember the name of it.
Oh, I know what you're talking about, too.
It looks like it might be this kind of game, I don't know, so we'll go.
Go with that.
Anyhow, Burnout Dominator is coming out on the Playstation 2 in Japan, so check that out,
and coming out as well on the Playstation 2, Keniro no Korda 2 Anchor is coming out,
it's an RPG, also coming out on the Playstation 2, huh?
By the way, I have to correct myself, because once I thought about it, I realized it wasn't
upon it, it was Tchaikovsky.
Oh.
Oh, is it because, uh, people did their research on Wikipedia or something?
No, I knew that, and once I said it, I was like, no, that wasn't who it was, I'm sorry,
I'm correcting myself.
It's all good.
I'm still looking forward to the game, because it is based on hallucinations, one way or
the other.
I like hallucinations.
It's based on the 70s!
It's basically the musical hair in video game form, but not really.
Anyway, back to Japanese releases, Saint Beast, Rasen no Shu is coming out on the Playstation
2 as well, an action-based game, Saint Beast.
Coming out on the Nintendo DS, Deltora Quest, Sevensu no Hoseki is coming out, it's another
RPG game on the DS, as well as Elemental Monster, which looks to be a card-based action game.
Not sure what that is, if that's based on anime or what that is, but that's coming out
on the DS over there in Japan.
PSP is getting Burnout Dominator on the 20th over in Japan, and R-Type Tactics comes out
on, it's a strategy tactical game based on R-Type on the PSP, pretty awesome.
So there you have it.
It's not really R-Type then.
It is R-Type.
It's R-Type-ish, I don't know, but there you have it, that's what's coming out on the Japanese
calendar for September 20th.
It's only R-Type if you fly around and shoot stuff.
You do, in a turn-based strategy fashion.
That's not fun.
So how about some European release dates?
How about it?
Well, for our buddies in the UK, on the 20th, Loco Roco Cocorecho comes out on PlayStation
3, 21st Drawn to Life and My Sims, also My Sims is coming out on the Wii, and why is
there two listings for My Sims on the Wii?
Anyway.
It also, oh, there's two listings for it on Wii and DS, and one of them has a space and
one doesn't, I guess that makes it special.
SingStar Rock Ballads on PlayStation 2, Stranglehold on PC, and World in Conflict on PC.
Oh yeah, and Halo 3 on the 26, who cares.
And just in case if anyone's actually thinking about buying My Sims, just so you know, it's
not multiplayer, it's only one player.
Totally lame.
It's poo.
Yeah.
Anywho.
Alright.
One thing that's not quite as lame, but you can actually get Ratchet & Clank, the demo,
which will be coming out October the 4th, and looks pretty awesome, and that'll be on
PlayStation 3, actually a good PlayStation 3 game coming out for once.
And if you can't wait until October 4th like I did, you can also pre-order your game at
GameStop, and they have a demo disc for you.
I'm just snickering in chat because Escapist just said, oh I thought you guys were talking
about a game called My Sins for a second.
My god, these people need to only hear it.
Someone thought I said, when I said Big Butt Hunter, they thought, Big Butt Hunter?
I gotta get that game on PC, that's gonna be awesome.
That would be like Boonga Boonga.
Hosted by Sir Mix-a-Lot.
Big Butt Hunter.
That would be like Boonga Boonga.
Oh my god.
Mark Sakura, look at her butt.
It is so big.
Wow.
And now, why are they talking about, gosh, our chat room is random tonight.
JV Monn says, I want Silent Hill, the Hannah Montana edition.
To which Hippolytus responds, Silent Hill, Hannah Montana would never be as awesome as
Silent Hill, Britney Spears.
Go figure.
Although I do think in the next Silent Hill game, Pyramid Head should come out and go,
it's Pyramid Head, bitch.
Like the new Britney song?
Forget it.
Anyhow, more games on the way to the Playstation 3.
I don't know a whole lot about this game, so hopefully, you know, I haven't been following
PS3 like I should be, like a good amateur game journalist.
But on November 20th on the Playstation 3, Uncharted, Drake's Fortune is coming out.
So Loki, what is so amazing about this game that I should be paying attention to it for?
Well it's sort of amazing, it's basically Tomb Raider with a guy.
I've done Tomb Raider, you know what I mean?
Is he scantily clad?
He's not scantily clad.
They're companions kind of like Tomb Raider and he'd be like, Jones, there's a chick in
it, and you know, he shoots things and it's in a jungle, woo!
Go Naughty Dog for original content for the PS3.
That's funny.
Well there you have it, you can check it out for yourself on November 20th when Uncharted,
Drake's Fortune comes to the PS3.
Let me put it this way, you know what, if it's fun, I don't care if it's like Tomb Raider
with a guy.
Just wait, there's nothing else.
So enjoy.
Well there you have it.
I know I'll be first in line, but not really to get Uncharted.
Well we did discuss this a little bit earlier, but Eternal Sonata is coming out on PS3.
It has been confirmed, and we've already talked about it.
Shh!
What hasn't been confirmed?
Wait a minute, we did talk about Eternal Sonata, but we were talking about it on the 360, so
now we're hearing that the game is actually coming out on the PlayStation 3?
As well?
Namco says no.
What?
Yeah.
As I seem to recall, there's been a lot of drama that's played out on the internet this
week where, you know, oh yeah, for one, we're not supposed to talk about Namco's release
calendar on this show, but they seem to consistently do this, where they put these things out there,
whether it be on the ESRB, right?
Wasn't Eternal Sonata listed on the ESRB?
That it was pulled.
Twice.
It was on their own freaking website, then it was pulled.
It was also put back onto the ESRB list.
And now it's on the ESRB list again.
And it was on their website.
It's almost like Namco's doing this on purpose to keep getting the story bumped up to the
top of blogs.
I mean, Eternal Sonata is coming out this week after all, hmm.
How about Who Cares?
Let me put it this way, it's, obviously it's gonna still come out on PS3.
That is, I mean, if you believe that it's not, you're an idiot.
And I believe also Beautiful Katamari is listed on there for PlayStation 3 and the Wii as
well to be determined.
Which, you know, we didn't tell you that six months ago when the story first hit the internet.
I bet you anything.
We never changed our stance.
Everybody else did.
I bet you anything, it's still coming out next spring.
I agree.
It's confirmed in my head.
Not that Wii would, you know, say that, you know, but, you know.
Well I mean, Katamari on the PSP came out in March last, well was it 2005 or something?
I mean, I don't know.
I could see it coming out in spring with like a timed, exclusive, whatever, cause it's Katamari,
come on.
I mean, of course they're gonna put it on the Wii, it's got TILTI shit.
It's gimmicky.
People love gimmicky.
So, you know, it's just like the Wii and PS3.
I'm just, I'm just curious why like Namco is having like all these like, oh it's coming
out, oh no it's not, oh it's an exclusive, oh no it's not.
I mean.
Maybe they should start, you know, and this goes for all game companies.
If you don't want information put out there, you need to really be coordinating with every
single department of your company to make sure this information doesn't get out.
The right information.
Coordinate your marketing people with, you know, the web people, with the, I don't know,
ratings people.
I mean seriously, if it's on your website, people are gonna go, oh I think it's actually
coming out now because it's actually listed on your website.
And don't say, oh someone made a mistake, they weren't supposed to put that up there
yet.
Oops.
And don't talk about it in gag order and everybody better show them, we'll sue, we'll sue, we'll
sue.
Hey, how much you wanna bet that there may be, and this is just pure guessing, Tokyo
Game Show is, you know, right around the corner, how much you wanna bet there's an announcement
of some sorts.
Just like how right before E3 happened, a certain no-name website said something and,
you know, somebody wasn't happy about it.
Possibly.
Maybe.
Anyhow, thank you for that story on Eternal Sonata, Jamie.
In my mind, my head says yes.
It's never wrong.
Anyways, as we alluded to last week, that it was only a matter of time before the impenetrable
3.6 firmware of the PSP was cracked, and guess what?
Wait, wait, wait, wait, I wanna know why Darkstalker's laughing, are you laughing because of Loki's
big vocabulary?
Nothing.
Anyways, so Team M33 has cracked it, there is now a custom version of the firmware out
there that allows you to run some homebrew.
The problem is right now they can't get support for the 1.5 kernel, which, you know, before
it was able to run all the homebrew stuff, so now people are kinda having to go back,
retool things, so some things work, some things don't, eventually though, as things progress
and more firmwares come out, that they will be able to support more things.
There's a small list of stuff I think that they support some of the emulators, I don't
think the ISOs work yet, and then some other stuff.
But hopefully that means I can put homebrew onto my TV, because I did happen to go through
the process of loading it onto my PSP Slim, and let me tell you, it's not that easy, but
once you've done it, it's pretty simple, it basically involves building the Pandora's
battery, which is interesting in itself, and what you do with that is you, I guess they
call it extending the Pandora's battery, you basically put some parts of different firmwares
on there and then it works.
Once you've done the Pandora's battery, it's pretty easy, and they actually have programs
out there to make it walk you through step by step what to do, so it's pretty simple,
but definitely worth checking out, I'm sure that we're gonna see some more stuff coming
from that.
Of course, Sony hearing that released 3.7 on the PSP, the firmware to break what other
people have done on 3.6, and now they have custom theme support, which I will remind
everybody has been available in the homebrew scene for quite a while now, but you can download
official themes, which also, by the way, can be cracked apart and put on custom.
Wait, wait, wait, I thought there's been themes on the PSP forever.
This is actually like customizing themes, you can adjust, you can put like a wallpaper
in the background and stuff like that, this is actually changing all the icons, etc.
Oh, that's interesting, okay, cool.
You can do this on custom firmwares right now, and it's been available for a long time,
but people have already found ways to crack those theme files apart, and yeah, just nothing
to save.
Other things have been supported, I guess, more, where you can assign buttons in remote
play, so maybe that will allow you to play lair a little bit easier on the PSP.
I guess sequential playback is now supported under video, and simultaneous playback under,
I guess, music in photos, so you can play music while viewing your photos.
Other interesting stuff, right after this came out, I guess they had dumped that firmware,
and now there's 3.71, so it will never end, never ever.
Well, you know, I guess like Homebrew and changing little things around is one thing,
but when folks can play pirated games on there, Sony's got to do what they got to do.
Yeah, they got to do what they got to do, and they got to do it, they got to do it not
very well either.
They have to be mediocre.
Well that's fine.
I think you're going to be mediocre because that's it.
I applaud their mediocrity because, you know what, that allows me to have a lot more fun
with my PSP.
Oh my gosh, alright.
Moving on, I want to talk about Manhunt 2, because god damn, this game just cannot stay
out of the news in anticipation for its Halloween release date, I suppose.
Well people have been asking a whole lot about how did the game come down from an AO rating
to an M rating?
What exactly was taken out of the game?
Well IGN got to take a look at what was going on with the game and what exactly was changed,
and one of their reporters is actually reporting that yes, there have been some changes.
For instance, you might remember an earlier report where the killer could use a, guys
cross your legs, the killer could use a pair of pliers to literally rip the balls off of
a hunter.
Well that scene has been taken out.
So damn.
I was looking forward to that.
Well that's okay.
Here's the thing though, one of the biggest changes that they've done is that Rockstar
has made a blur effect to some of the major death blows in the game.
So in the M rated version there's like this blur effect that goes on or the graphics get
darkened a little bit, so it's really hard to tell what's going on because it becomes
like this kind of like motion blur type thing that doesn't make it so clear.
Well that's why they made the killing the crazy 88 scene in Kill Bill black and white
in the US.
That's true.
That's how censorship things happen.
So yeah, that's kind of interesting, but what, changing it to black and white made it that
much different?
I'm not seeing the blood as red or something.
I've seen it without it.
Wow.
It's ridiculous is all it is.
That's just like the...
It's people who aren't getting laid.
That's just like when they change the blood to sweat.
That will forever be my favorite rating thing that was done.
Let's pet someone's neck and look at how much sweat comes out.
Damn.
So there you have it.
Those are some of the big changes that are in the Manhunt 2.
I would still say though, I think this game is going to come out and I think the adults
only version will still come out on the PC later on.
Okay, but here's some other interesting things though.
Apparently they're talking about different cut scenes.
In one cut scene, a masked killer uses a power saw to slice a man's bulging belly as the
victim lies helpless strapped to a table.
That's okay for M, but oh my God.
If they rip off fake balls on a goddamn 3D model of somebody...
Well, I mean, that does kind of make everybody go, you know, that has them collectively go
oh, hey, oh, crush your legs.
Ow.
The ESRB is so hilarious.
So, well, I don't know.
I have to admit my interest on this game is kind of, you know, at first it was kind of
like, yeah, this might be kind of fun, but now I'm just like, eh.
I mean, it just sounds like Uber violence the game and I'm just, I'm not, you know,
I don't like those movies like Saw and stuff, so I probably won't like this game, so I don't
think I'm going to buy it.
Unless, I mean, unless it gets incredible reviews and there's something about the game
I just have to see, I'm not really in it for the, you know...
I'm kind of interested in the Wii murdering of people.
That is interesting, but not, I don't know, I'll just go to your house and play it, man.
To be very honest, there's not a lot of Wii games out there that I want to buy right now
and unfortunately that's the next one in line.
It's not necessarily that I want to go around murdering people with the Wii remotes, even
though I do find humor in that, but I don't know.
Now RossdielUT in our chatroom says, Manhunt 2, a trash game selling on controversy alone.
Sad, sad thing.
And I sort of agree, except I don't want to pass the game off as trash without having
actually gotten to play it, but, you know, I will definitely kind of want to look at
reviews and things.
You know, this game certainly doesn't stay in the news for its incredible innovations
that it's bringing to the gaming scene.
I'll give you that, but look at Hostel.
There's a perfect example.
There's another movie that's probably trash that's selling on controversy alone.
I won't say that the game won't sell, I'm just saying I don't care.
So I didn't watch Hostel either, because I heard it was...
I have no interest in those.
I know, I know.
Like, no, it's just weird, like sometimes I will watch the very gory movies, like The
Descent was pretty gory and I loved it, but it was like...
That's more suspense though, isn't it?
Yeah, it was way, like, more, just the way it was directed over the years, it was scary.
That's one of the scariest movies I've ever seen, The Descent.
Anyway.
Well, for other news though, regarding Manhunt 2, people were interviewed to see whether
or not they would be interested in buying it and there were only 18% of the people polled
who said they were going to buy it when it launches on Halloween.
52% said, no, and 30% said, uh, what?
That many people clicked a button that said, uh, what?
And decided.
Oh, okay.
That's, well, so, so apparently only 18% of the, that's still, I don't know, I mean, 18%
to me kind of seems like a large chunk of the gaming community, I mean, if you can sell
out of one to every five people that own a Wii this game, that's still quite a lot of
copies moved, so I don't think it's as bad as they're saying, but I think a good, a better
question would be, were you planning to buy the adult only one and now you're not going
to anymore?
Exactly.
I'm kind of curious to see what the result is of that one.
At the end of the day though, it doesn't really matter to, like, any of the console makers,
it really just fucks over Take-Two again and Rockstar, so, oh well, stop making such violent
games.
Yeah, but, oh well, I guess we'll see, I mean, again, it all really depends on the reviews
for me.
Release it on PC, un-rated, there you go.
We'll see.
You will see.
Anyways, um, oops, I knocked the ferret on the floor, um, good, I hope it died.
If you happen to be a stupid kid trying to buy games at GameStop, well, there might be
one particular GameStop in South Dallas that won't be selling you games.
In fact, he's breaking corporate policy and he refuses to sell games to school kids who
can't prove that they're doing well in school and apparently the manager is Brandon Scott
and he makes sure that an adult can verify that the child is getting good grades, otherwise
he won't sell them a game.
Any game.
Ever.
So, um, he says, I'm probably going to get in the trouble for this, but to me it's worth
it because the kids understand that somebody cares.
You know who doesn't care?
Probably GameStop corporate and you're going to get fired.
Congratulations.
You know, I'm very tempted, like, there's a, you know, the part of me that is very like,
you know, aha, people get what they deserve, aha, wants to kind of applaud what this guy
is doing, but when I really kind of sit there and think about it, I go like, you know, this
is kind of screwed up.
It is screwed up.
I mean, I think it should be up to the parents what the kids get, period.
Now, now, period.
I don't have a problem with him deciding to do that, if he owned his own game store, but
he doesn't and so he's, you know, I think it's a great idea that you shouldn't sell
games to kids that are stupid, but, you know, there's a lot of reasons not to sell games,
you know, to certain kids.
Hell, I was at a, a playing trade this week and I was looking at, they were doing their
grand opening and there was a kid, no parents watching him, kid, couldn't have been like
10, 11 years old playing Grand Theft Auto San Andreas.
Just sitting there playing.
He's like, I just killed a hooker, you know, it's like, come on people and then you're
bitching about, oh, I didn't know Billy was playing such a violent game.
You may, you need the one, parents are stupid.
Don't let a GameStop type store babysit your children then.
What you need to do though, I mean, I applaud him for making that decision.
I mean, granted, it's probably going to be great for the store, but, you know, once that
off his conscience, great.
He's not going to be able to do it though.
I think at a GameStop and I'm afraid that, you know, once this news gets back to them
that these can probably be fired.
Let's go to the chat because the chat has some follow up here.
I've got a GS68 in our chat room that says good grades does not equal good behavior.
You know, that's, you know, there are a lot of kids there who weren't necessarily motivated.
They might be good kids, they're just not motivated to get good grades.
Whatever happened to me my senior year of high school.
I was in school and stuff and if I would get good grades, my parents would reward me by
buying me something, you know.
That was kind of my thing too is that my parents did what this guy did.
If I got good grades, I got stuff.
If I didn't get good grades, I got, you know, locked in a cellar.
So but...
And silly Bob, you don't have a cellar.
I had to live in the closet under the stairs like Harry Potter.
The kids, if they can't buy their games from GameStop or whatever, they'll just go somewhere
else.
You don't, you're not the only fucking game store on the planet, you moron.
I mean people...
Well, Rama wants to say Loki, he was suspended.
Way to go!
That's what you get for doing good things.
Dark Tetsuya says, well the adult should be there to buy the game anyway.
Exactly.
And Frisbee in their best Maury Povich impression says, you are not the father.
Get it?
Because the guy is not the father?
GameStop.
I don't even know if that was supposed to be an Maury Povich impression, I just felt
like saying it.
GameStop, you are not the father.
You are not the father.
Not the mama.
Yes, old school.
Escapist says, I've had eight year olds in my stores talking about how awesome Grand
Theft Auto was too.
But I wonder if a lot of that is hype.
Like you gotta wonder how many of those kids actually played the game.
Like sometimes, I mean, obviously there's some screwed up kids like, you know, the one
Loki was talking about earlier playing the game.
But you gotta wonder, like sometimes eight year olds are just full of talk.
You know what I mean?
Like none of them have probably played the game, but they hear their brother talking
about it or something like that.
I don't know.
It's a whole little tangent we'll say for another day.
That's poop-tastic.
But for today, I will get to another story.
If you don't want to buy your games at GameStop anymore in this, what was it, South Dallas
you said?
South Dallas.
So, well maybe you can go to Radio Shack now.
Because even though some Radio Shack stores have been carrying games for a while, apparently
Radio Shack as a corporation will now start actually carrying more video games in a couple
weeks.
Weren't they doing a Halo 3 pre-sale there, I think?
Probably a lot of stores were.
I don't know.
Who isn't?
I'm doing a Halo 3 pre-sale.
You know Walmarts are staying open until midnight and everything.
I don't know.
It's a little bit exciting.
Isn't that it?
And the Halo 3's release is what?
Isn't it like next Friday?
I unfortunately was over at GameStop quite a bit this week, just for different reasons,
buying systems.
But they had a sign in their door that said that the line starts at 9pm the night before
for Halo.
Geez.
Hooray!
What day does Halo come out?
I forget.
25th.
25th?
Oh, so it's next Tuesday.
So, I cannot wait for it to be over.
I really cannot.
Well, unfortunately what is not clear at this time, don't know if it's going to be, you
know, like they're going to turn the whole store into games like GameStop EV.
Probably not.
But I can see that they'll probably have a little corner of the store dedicated to video
games.
I mean, why not?
Because they sell a lot of the, you know, accessories and things anyway.
So, and they sell other types of gaming things, you know.
But you know what Radio Shack sells that's awesome that I used to have when I was a kid?
Total tangent.
RC cars.
That and you know those little things that were like, build 300 electronic devices in
one.
And it had like the little springs and you could attach the wires to the springs and
build all these little devices, like they're different types of transits.
Like you could build a little amateur radio or you could build a little light switch.
Like all these dumb little things.
I was learning about electronics.
Yeah.
It was all kinds of cool.
I got one at a garage sale years ago and I loved it.
I hate Radio Shack.
They're so damn expensive when it comes to anything like component wise.
You're buying video cables, audio cables, you're better off somewhere else, seriously.
I go to Radio Shack to buy lithium batteries and that's about it.
There's cables.
I have a lot of AV cable needs.
And I bought a microphone there before.
Yeah, a microphone.
Oh, I think our microphones.
Our old microphones were.
No, yeah, the old ones were.
These are the newer ones from the guitar place, right?
The one I used at my what to do pump up the volume for the longest time was Radio Shack.
I was going to go to GameStop to buy some stuff for our setup at work for the LAN stuff,
like some headsets and audio cables.
It was going to cost me $80 to buy it there.
I ended up shopping this place that my co-workers recommended, cablewholesale.com.
I would say it was $15 instead of $80.
So just so you know, don't shop there.
So here's my question.
Remember when the Wii launched, we went out and we gave orange soda to people and cookies
and stuff?
What should we do for the Halo 3 launch?
Should we go out on Monday night and do something for the kids in line?
Give them crack.
There's some difference.
I don't want to go out on a Monday night.
Loki's like, I'm tired.
I am all.
Let me sleep.
Fuck this.
I don't want to talk to Halo.
I mean, I guess you could bring him the Game Fuel shit.
I really don't want to talk to Halo fans.
What about the journalist in you, Loki?
Doesn't the journalist in you want to go out there and talk to the people?
I despise Halo 3 right now.
Just, I don't know, retail sampling.
That's your personal vendetta.
That is my personal vendetta.
I don't see the point.
All right, well, we'll see.
I like the idea of going out and giving him Game Fuel.
Maybe we'll see about that.
Ah, Game Fuel.
All right.
Ah, here's a little fuel for you guys.
It's a new website that you should be pointing your browsers to this week because, of course,
the one and only DarkSakura surfs the internet up and down and all around every week and
finds one website worthy of sharing with you all.
It's DarkSakura's website of the week, and she's going to tell you what it is right now.
Do it.
Right now.
No.
Yes.
I refuse.
Okay, my website of the week is actually DeviantArt again because, um, I'm going to plug a bunch
of people's DeviantArt sites like mine.
So deviantart.com, and for those that maybe haven't heard this before, what is DeviantArt?
You go and put your art and whore yourself out for comments and page views.
Why am I doing DeviantArt?
You know what?
I'm not going to do DeviantArt.
I'm going to do darksakura.com, the site I haven't updated in five years.
You know, I'm thinking maybe when we would do the transitions, we should give you a new
thing instead of the website of the week because you're running out of sites.
I am, oh my god, because I'm going to the same ones every week now.
Well here, I have an idea for you.
What?
Is that maybe starting episode 250, if you can find just like a couple more sites, take
us over 250, we'll have DarkSakura's classic game of the week.
I would totally love to do that.
Because you know some obscure fucking shit.
I do.
Alright.
I mean, we just had here last week having a conversation about Neutopia.
Yeah.
So, we're going to have, so coming soon, DarkSakura's website of the week will be replaced with
DarkSakura's classic game of the week.
That'll be fun.
It'll be obscureshit.com.
I wonder if that's a site.
RossDielUT says, Loki only hates Halo 3 because it's popular.
No, I don't hate Halo 3 because it's popular.
I hate it because all my customers are complaining, when am I going to get Halo 3, and you really
need it on a street date because it's going to, you know, really, it's going to suck if
we don't have it.
When's it coming in?
When's it coming in?
I hate, I hated when even the Wii came out because it was a pain in the ass and we knew
we couldn't get them on time and all that stuff.
Halo 3, everybody wants this damn thing and they're all coming out of the woodwork and
all complaining that they're, they need it like five days early and stuff and you're
like, yeah, you're not going to be selling it early or anything.
I just, I hate games that are going to be just that popular.
Grand Theft Auto 4, when it comes out, I'm going to hate that too.
Except I love Grand Theft Auto 4, but I am still going to hate the whole selling of Grand
Theft Auto 4.
Dark Tetsuya in our chat room thinks that for the next couple weeks, well before we
transition in episode 250 to, you know, changing some things up, thinks that your website of
the week should be like Google.com or Yahoo.com.
Actually if you type in Goggle.com because I typoed it once, it takes you to porn.
I used to use Hotbot as my search engine back in the day and you could, you know, totally
typo that to Hotbot.
There's a website, speaking of Google, I read about.
Here we go again, tangents.
Somebody said in chat I was the king of tangents.
Here we go.
I was listening to the real radio of all things, driving to work one morning and I heard somebody
talking about Blackle.
It's a black version of Google where it's just, it's black instead of white.
There's a goth one too.
But the, well the reason behind it is because they say that if more people used websites
that had black backgrounds, then that will actually save on energy.
So it's this whole like, you know, hippie thing, you know.
Stupid tree huggers need to go away.
Leave the internet alone and go hug a tree.
Okay.
Escapist says Halo 3 will end with Bob Newhart waking up in bed discovering the whole war
was a dream.
And JVMon's jumping up and down saying you win the internet.
That was a pretty great ending to our show.
I have a, okay I actually have a website.
And I have to blame, I have to blame, hold on a second let me get, I have to blame JVMon
for this one because it's awful.
It made my heart cry.
This is my website of the week not to go to ever, ever.
It's insulting and horrible and you don't want to go there ever.
This is fun.
The anti website of the week.
It's captain-jack.de slash 2008 slash cj.html, a new Captain Jack and it makes my heart
hurt.
Oh, I want to see a new Captain Jack.
And his, his girl that's with him is vacant.
Hey, I like the new Captain Jack.
I can deal with this.
Wait, like, oh, I thought, wait, hold on, I thought this was another Doctor Who thing.
No, this sucks.
Like the Captain Jack, the go, let go, let go, let go, that Captain Jack, they replaced
him?
No way.
I know.
Unless it's, unless that's his son.
If it's his son, I forgive them.
Give me a, no it's not.
If it's not, I don't forgive them.
How dare they?
No, check this out.
This is awful.
Let me turn up my volume.
Can you, wait, can you give me the website one more time because I'll play it on here
so the listeners can hear.
It's captain-jack.de slash 2008 slash cj.html.
Captain-jack.de slash 2008, this is great radio, slash cj.html.
Yes.
Okay, I think I got it.
Hurts my heart.
All right, here we go.
The site is loading.
All right, we welcome, we proudly present the one and only Captain Jack, screw you.
There will only be one Captain Jack.
Oh, Lord, this sounds horrible already.
This is bad, I've got to stop it, besides we don't want to play one.
Captain Jack, you are not.
Wow.
Oh, JV Mon says his son came out as Captain Jack Jr.
Interesting.
Is that like James Bond Jr.?
Interesting.
All right.
I like how his glasses on the website, you can totally see the film crew.
Way to go, people.
All right, and I'd like to cordially thank JV Mon for ruining tonight's program.
Thank you, JV Mon.
Let's get back to some gaming news.
Please try to save what little dignity we have left on the show.
What dignity do we have?
Anywho, so as I mentioned a little bit earlier, that there is going to be some pretty cool
stuff coming out for Xbox Live Arcade, including which is Omega 5, a shooter that's going to
be coming out.
It should be pretty sweet, actually.
It's more of like a traditional, crazy, tons of bullets, all over the place shooter game,
so hopefully it'll be as cool as I think it is.
Hopefully it's cool as you make it out to be.
Well, unfortunately, the link that I had on here was the wrong story, so that's based
off memory.
My bad.
Oh, we linked the wrong story in the show, though.
My bad.
No, but anyways, it is going to be pretty cool.
I think it's Mizuguchi anyways, if I remember correctly.
Well, then I'll read the story that Loki got linked to instead.
It's about Sega, as shown what they're going to be showing off at Tokyo Game Show next
week.
They got a whole lot of stuff they're showing off on the PlayStation 3, titles such as Sega
Rally, Valkyrie of the Battlefield, and a game based off the Golden Compass, which I
imagine is based on the movie.
Wii is showing off Night's Journey into Dreams, Ghost Squad, another version of the Golden
Compass.
Sega Rally on the Xbox 360, that's it, but remember this is a Tokyo Game Show, and unfortunately
the Xbox 360 is not doing as well over there.
I think that's all they had over on the 360 from Sega, other than Golden Compass, I'd
imagine.
They are showing an expansion for Phantasy Star Universe on the PlayStation 2, though,
which makes me wonder, it must not be coming out on the 360, but did the game come out
on the Xbox?
It is coming out over here, but I think the expansion will probably be a download, just
like, you know.
Oh, maybe that's what it is.
Okay, well they are showing Phantasy Star Universe Ambition of the Illuminous on PlayStation
2, at least.
I'm sure our resident PSU guy, Dark Knight, knows more about this.
Nintendo DS is getting some other games, though, lots of stuff showing on the DS.
Sonic Rush Adventure, Bleach the Third Phantom, Picto Image DS, another version of the Golden
Compass, which, by the way, will also be on PSP, and a game that I like, this is called
Dream Cat Smile DS, rad, that PSU expansion pack also coming to the PC, rad.
And Escapists in Chat says, no new Jet Set Radio yet?
My heart is breaking.
I agree.
I agree.
C-Man 2.
C-Man 2?
Yeah.
I don't know so much about that.
You know what?
I wouldn't mind having a C-Man 2, because I thought it was great that the whole thing
was narrated by Leonard Nimoy.
So let me, if I can get this right, here, Dark Sakura, you're saying you want C-Man
2.
I got a ferret thrown at me, thank god the webcam's off.
Yeah, this is horrible radio.
Ferret!
No.
When you read the story, I'll get back the ferret.
EA could be it.
Okay.
Anyway, EA is finally entering the world of survival horror by giving us a game called
Dead Space.
You get zombies hidden in fun places.
We won't say where they are, but they are somewhere.
And it's like, supposed to be like some, I guess, zombie game set in outer space, from
what I understand.
It's like Event Horizon, I think they said.
Oh, and you have tentacles in it, so that's okay.
Yay, tentacles!
Kids love tentacles!
Tentacle porn?
Had to be said, kids.
Hey, well, I was at Fry's last night and there was a copy of the live-action Love Blue Girls
just sitting out.
That is the worst movie I've ever seen.
It is!
That's the most awful, funny thing ever.
Vacuum cleaner tubes do not make tentacles.
I need to put that on top of my Netflix queue.
Just download it like everybody else.
Then I'm done.
Alright, well, that's going to do it for this Part A of Orange Lounge Radio, but we'll be
right back with more of Orange Lounge Radio.
Part B of our podcast is coming right up.
For those of you guys that listen to our feed, you'll get the archive in just a couple days.
For those of you guys listening live, whether it be on Orange Lounge Radio or our syndicated
run on allgames.com, we will be right back with more of Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is taped live on Sunday nights and is podcasted to the world twice
a week.
Stay tuned to our podcast feed for the conclusion of this week's Orange Lounge Radio.
