Orange Lounge Radio is taped live on Sunday nights and released to our podcast stream
twice weekly.
To listen to the first half of this episode, visit www.orangeloungeradio.com for links
to websites with listings of past episodes.
Now the conclusion of this week's episode of Orange Lounge Radio.
Welcome back to Orange Lounge Radio on this lovely Sunday evening, September the 30th
of 2007, I almost said 2008, what's wrong with me?
We're getting into October, very soon, and gosh, where did the year go?
I don't know, pretty soon we're going to be getting into just this games upon games
upon game release.
Well, really, we're kind of already in the middle of that, really, with the launch of
Halo 3 and Bioshock, we're really in the gaming season.
So be good or Santa's not going to bring you the games you want.
But we will keep bringing you the gaming news you want, whether you've been good or bad.
So we're going to get right back into some gaming news, aren't we, Loki?
Yes, and you know, this game's kind of interesting, I don't know how popular it's going to be,
because you've got, you know, kind of conflicting elements to it.
For example, well Mario and Sonic at the Olympics, now Mario and Sonic games, those are good.
Olympic games, those are usually bad.
So it's kind of, I don't know, I don't know if it's going to be good or not.
Either way, this could go either way.
Either way, there will be 16 characters, including your favorites from both the Sonic and Mario
and I guess Nintendo universes.
Although what's weird though is I do see the villain from one of the alligators from the
Donkey Kong Country franchises, yet no Donkey Kong.
Odd.
So that was kind of neat.
And then, you know, they have of course Sonic and Knuckles and Tails and etc.
So anyways, some of the events that you're going to see in there, fencing, they've got
that.
Archery, shooting skeet, gymnastics, including trampoline and vault, high jump, pole vault,
long jump, triple jump, javelin throw, hammer throw, single skulls for rowing of course,
table tennis, aquatics in both the 100 meter and of course the 4 lap 100 meter.
And let's see here, tracks of course, 110 meter, 400 meter hurdles, 100 meter relay
and the just normal 100 meter and 400 meter.
So lots of running and stuff.
I don't know.
I still don't understand how Mario is ever going to beat Sonic in running.
Like nobody's been able to explain this logic to me.
Like did they give Sonic some like drugs to slow him down or Mario some steroids?
I mean what, how is that ever going to be an even match?
The characters in the game, I mean it's, they've kind of broken them up like they did with
Mario Kart where you've got the power types, you know, the ones that are more of the robust
characters like Bowser and you know Wario, stuff like that, and Knuckles is in there
too.
So apparently Knuckles is a fat ass.
Well, he's a fatty.
But they say, well he does have a little bit of a gut.
What they're saying, Dark Knight says in our chat room at chat.orangelandsreading.com,
they balance the characters.
I understand they balance the characters but that still doesn't make sense in the regards
of that Sonic, you know, runs very fast and Mario runs kind of fast.
They also have all round characters which Mario falls under as well as Luigi and apparently
also the two chicks from the Sonic universe.
So Mario and Luigi, you're as powerful as chicks.
Way to go, pansies.
Anyways and then...
Woah, I think there might be some women a little angry at that comment.
Well, I mean, honestly.
Mr. DeBucket in chat says they wouldn't let Bowser into the Chinese Olympics.
Yeah.
And then of course for the speed types, you have Sonic, you actually have, what's his
name...
Tails.
Oh, the crappy game, what was the crappy game?
Driver.
No, the Sonic game, crappy Sonic game.
Sonic the Hedgehog.
No, the last one that came out before Sonic...
I don't know.
The guy with the gun.
I don't know.
Oh, Shadow the Hedgehog?
Shadow, yes.
Thank you.
Sorry, they all look alike and those games kind of blend together so pardon me for forgetting
that crappy game.
And then of course the skill types where you have Princess Peach, Tails, Waluigi, and Dr.
Eggman.
I hope Princess Peach will be able to use her emotional power in the Olympic game somehow.
Well, that would be a skill, I guess.
That's right, some type of skill.
I don't know, so it's going to be all split up, who knows, I don't know, but to be honest,
I don't like, I don't think I'm going to buy this game.
It's just...
Maybe I'd run it.
All it seems to me is it's like, hey, we put out another crappy Olympics game, but we have
Sonic and Mario this time, so you're going to buy it, right?
Huh?
Huh?
Yeah?
Maybe we'll have advertising for these games during the Olympics and that kind of crap,
so cross promotion stuff.
Be honest though, I think you guys are going to get suckered into buying another crappy
Olympics game because it has characters that you like, so have at it.
I'll be busy playing Super Mario Galaxy instead.
Well, I will be busy playing Super Smash Brothers Brawl when that comes out.
Oh yeah, upon its release, yes, and one thing that has lots of fanboys and girls very excited,
especially if you're a David Hayter fanboy or fangirl, which I believe Dark Soccer is
a David Hayter fangirl.
Oh yeah, because he could just talk to me all day and I'll be happy.
Do you watch his YouTube?
Apparently, he has a YouTube site where he does all these little Q&A things and does
stuff on there.
I didn't know that.
I'll have to check.
You definitely should check that out.
This guy named Archduke Chocula was checking it out and sent David Hayter a question that
said, hello, David Hayter, I have to say you are one of the greatest voice actors ever
and you do a great job as Snake.
I was wondering, are you going to voice Snake in the Super Smash Brothers Brawl, to which
David Hayter responded, I am indeed voicing Snake in Smash Brothers.
I recorded it already and I believe that fans of both games are going to be extremely happy.
It's very cool.
That's all I can say.
So this is authentic Snake now because it's the same voice actor and everything.
So that's just one more cool thing that you can put on the ever-growing list of cool things
in Smash Brothers Brawl.
I mean, seriously.
I love David Hayter.
They've got Resetti in there.
Dude, they put fucking Resetti in Smash Brothers Brawl.
That's great.
What is he going to do, bitch at you until you die?
He comes out and lectures you on the mechanics of how to play the game, I think.
Wasn't that the impression I got from, I don't think he's like an item or anything.
He lectures you on how to play the game.
I want Mr. Saturn still in the game as an item because I love Mr. Saturn.
I just want Ness.
Is that too much to ask?
PK Fire.
Or how about like, was it Howard and Nestor?
That'd be hilarious.
Dark Knight says, I would love to have a Smash Brothers on the DS.
Dude, I bet that'll be the next one.
I bet that'll be the next one.
Yeah.
Anyway.
Well, speaking of things, Nintendo, for Virtual Console coming out in the UK, Sin and Punishment
is the recent addition, which was a Nintendo 64 game.
Pretty cool game and it supposedly just came out looking really nice on the Wii, so it's
out there for 1200 Wii points, which translates in money to 12 euro or 8 pounds 40.
And then moving on to the next releases in the UK.
Did you have a comment?
Nope.
I had no comments.
You looked like you had anticipation.
No.
We also have The Legend of Hero Tanma.
I would like Anticipation to be released on Virtual Console.
That was an awesome game.
Anticipation.
No it wasn't.
I see you shiver.
With Anticipation.
Okay.
Never mind.
Please move on.
Say it!
No.
TurboGrafx-16 game, The Legend of Hero Tanma, 600 Wii points, which is a little platformer
kind of like Wonder Boy.
You go save a princess and do shit.
So, yeah.
You sure know how to sell those games.
Yeah, whatever.
Yeah, check out this game.
You go save a princess and do shit.
Dude, I'm saving the best for last.
Alright.
So it's Mario?
No.
Zelda?
No.
Just, you know, some princess.
Wonder Boy!
Wonder Boy in Monsterland did come out, didn't it?
Mmm.
I think so.
I love Wonder Boy in Monsterland.
But anyway.
Gradius III, which was a SNES game, 900 Wii points.
And dude, it's fucking Gradius, so you won it right now.
And I think that's also part of that Japanese gamey thing that, you know, are the releasing
games in the UK that we don't have over here.
Gradius III.
Sad.
I actually have Gradius III, though.
It's in the Gradius collection on PSP.
Well, but I actually have a cart.
Well, can I touch you?
You're just so cool.
I have Gradius II.
I just want a little piece of your coolness.
I have Gradius II on Turbo Duo, which is the best version of that game ever.
Can we get to another story before Jamie's ego gets too big?
She can't leave my house.
Yes.
I have to have the ultimate gamer ego.
Speaking of the Turbo Duo, there are going to be a couple games coming out, actually
as part of the first Turbo CD games being announced for the Virtual Console.
The first two are going to be Gates of Thunder, or Gate of Thunder.
And they'll be coming out for 800 Wii points, as well as Super Air Zonk will be coming out
as well.
That was such a bizarre little game.
Turbo Graphics XVI was a bizarre little console, so it makes perfect sense.
But it has some great stuff on it.
I pressed the bathroom door to get a copy of Pac-Land.
Remember the button?
Oh my god, that was so long ago.
I know, that was great.
You have to set the door.
Okay, well, we were at Classic Gaming Expo, right?
And they were selling Pac-Land on the Turbo Graphics XVI.
I was, what, $5 short?
And Jamie was like, I want that, I just need $5 to get it.
And so, what did we, there was this little, god, this is so stupid, I can't believe we're
telling this story.
It was the bathroom, there were three doors that had the automatic button.
But seriously, Jamie, this was a, you had to be there thing.
The listeners are going to be like, this story isn't funny at all.
But I will do stuff for Turbo Graphics games.
This little girl we saw, she ran up and pressed the button to open the handicapped restroom
and then ran away.
And for some reason this was the most hilarious thing in the world to us, like we were laughing
and laughing at this little girl.
We were that bored.
And we, I guess so.
So I said to Jamie, I said Jamie, if you mimic what that little girl just did, I'll give
you $5.
And she did it.
We took pictures.
They're somewhere.
Because, I don't know.
Do you know how many times I've played that copy of Pac-Land?
Hmm.
Once.
Really?
Not even on the actual duo.
I played it on a Turbo Express.
I want my $5 back.
No.
You can come play my game though.
I don't wanna.
Another game, well another Turbo Graphics game announced as well, Samurai Ghost.
But of course that's not a Turbo CD title.
Wow, more people just entered the studio.
What is that?
Keep going with the story.
Ignore them for a minute.
So that's it.
All your Turbo CD games.
Was that it?
No more news on Turbo Graphics CD games?
Nope.
That was it.
Well.
Going back to Nintendo Wii, Fatal Frame is being developed for the Nintendo Wii.
It's being developed by Grasshopper and it's being published by Tecmo.
And it's being worked on very soon, I guess, right now.
And it's kinda cool because Fatal Frame is very popular, well, it's no Silent Hill or
Resident Evil, but it's probably on that secondary tier of scary video games and so we're always
curious to see how games translate over to the Wii.
But you can bet there'll probably be something to do with photography and the Wiimote and
all that stuff.
All that stuff is very, you know, specific, Rob.
Absolutely.
Well, this makes me a happy, happy, happy bunny.
One of my favorite games ever...
They're distracting me, Rob!
To ignore them and read the story.
One of my favorite ever games is Samba de Amigo and there is a statement that it is
going to be on the Wii.
It's supposedly this cover scan from Nintendo Power that's floating around ye old interwebs
showing a Samba de Amigo for the Wii.
Samba de Amigo on the Wii is going to be awesome.
There's nothing, though, in the issue regarding gameplay, so...
Alright.
So, yeah.
Anyway, let's introduce, you know, X-Defer and Rice Princess barged in here, so I thought
I'd let them say hello.
Well, hello there.
I'm British now.
What are you kids up to this evening?
We basically came here to say hi.
I haven't been on Orange Laundry in a while.
Well, I mean, since I called in.
I like it that way!
Awwww.
Were you here last week?
Well, no, I called in last week.
Oh, that's right.
But I decided to...
It's me and Rice Princess.
Say hi, Rice Princess.
Hi, Rice Princess.
Okay.
And we just want to say hi.
And oh, yeah, we want you to do a song that we want on the cage match.
Okay, well, that's after the show.
We'll worry about that later.
But for right now, what games have you guys been playing?
You need to make this gaming-related.
Don't just come onto the show and be all, hi, I'm here, and you should care about that,
because, you know, we might have new listeners who don't know who the fuck you are.
So, what kinds of games have you been playing this week?
The Game of Life.
No, I pulled in...
You lost!
I've been playing WoW and also Puzzle Quest, which is just usual stuff.
I think that's what I said last week, Rice Princess.
That is what you said last week.
I'm just kidding.
I've been playing WoW, and I played Super Puzzle Fighter II Turbo last night at a certain
party that was thrown that I attended.
It was fun.
Now, I have a question about Puzzle Fighter II, because you loved the one that was on
Sony PlayStation and the old-school one.
How does the Xbox 360 one compare?
The game itself isn't bad, but the controller is god-awful.
Like when I wanted to press down, it would go, like, to the left or to the right.
It made me mad.
Am I being too quiet?
I'm sorry about that.
I will raise my voice.
Yeah, the game itself isn't bad, but the controller is, like, a nightmare to use to play that
game.
But, yeah.
I enjoyed it thoroughly.
Yep.
Did you try the remix mode with the different drop patterns and stuff?
No.
What?
I only went into one mode.
I just kept pressing A until the game started, so.
There's like way more to the game.
There's, like, all these different, like, you can play modes where you don't even just
make bricks.
You make, like, different things, and you need to check out the game a little more thoroughly.
That was a very bad review job you did.
Fired!
Well, listen, son of a bitch, you should have told me.
I would have done that.
I just kept pressing A because I really wanted to play the game, like, because I, you know
what, I'm, like, the best at the game out of all of you, so.
That's why you're making fun of me, because you're jealous of my skills.
All right, no more derailing the show.
We gotta get back to gaming news.
So you can stay if you want to contribute to news, otherwise get out.
Well, we actually, are we gonna go?
I guess, way to put me on the spot.
Oh, okay.
Well, we can stay and listen.
All right.
You do that.
Let's get back to some gaming news.
All the listeners are like, back to gaming news?
Well, yeah, now Irene's like, I gotta go look at Puzzle Fighter.
All right.
Anyways.
Yes, please.
So, apparently the BAFTA nominees are really coming around.
For those not to know, that's the British Academy of Film and Television Arts.
They've announced their nominees to the 2007 Video Game Awards, and topping the list is
Wii Sports.
With seven nominations, including Innovation and Best Game categories, and of course there's
also a four-way tie for the second most nominations with Crackdown, awesome game, Gears of War,
also awesome game, Akami, and God of War 2, all awesome games.
I don't know if it should be Game of the Year, though.
It's pretty rad, though, that they give it such good recognition, though, over there.
Other nominees, of course, Bioshock, Crysis.
How could Crysis be nominated?
It's not even out yet.
Gears of War, which I already mentioned, Guitar Hero 2, and Kane & Lynch.
Also, Kane & Lynch is not out yet.
They need a gaming Oscars, and I'm not talking about, like, what is it, the Spike TV Awards
or whatever that crap is.
The G4ia Awards.
You know, does that even exist anymore?
I think it's now, like, a segment on X-Play.
It doesn't even matter.
E4All presents.
None of that stuff counts.
I want a gaming Oscars, something that's not a joke.
Oh well.
Forget it.
The Howard and Nestor Awards.
No.
The Howard and Nestor Awards.
That would actually be pretty awesome.
Winners will be announced, of course, on October 23rd.
Well, Xbox 360 games seem to be moving over to the Nintendo DS.
Heck, Viva Pinata, as you know, was announced to have an incubation coming out on the Nintendo
DS.
Guess what?
Blue Dragon is also on its way to the Nintendo DS.
Now, normally you'd kind of go, well, that doesn't seem like too big a surprise.
I mean, it kind of seems like the kind of game that could have been on the DS.
But when you consider that, you know, Mistwalker made it for Microsoft, it is kind of interesting
that the game is going to have an incubation on the DS.
This was coming from a recent issue of the manga Shonen Jump.
It's funny.
This is my Microsoft rep about Viva Pinata and who was publishing it.
He got on a plane and left.
Interesting.
He didn't have the answer for me.
Huh.
And then he got on a plane and left.
That was your answer.
I guess so.
The answer was...
He's like, look over there.
The answer was, what's that?
The answer was...
Run away.
Okay, thanks.
Bye.
For real.
I know.
Really.
There is a little speculation regarding Legend of Zelda Phantom Hourglass, and it was confirmed
that the producer, Eiji Aonuma, basically did agree that the game was a remake of the
very first Zelda game.
Or it must have started off that way, but it certainly hopefully hasn't ended up that
way, because I don't want to pony up that kind of money.
The game's already out, and I know people who play it who didn't say that it was just
like it.
But it was supposed to be...
What the crap?
Phantom Hourglass came out?
In Japan.
Oh, okay.
I had...
Remember, my friends have a...
Right, right, right.
Ninja Pass.
Sorry.
I was like, wait, wait, wait.
It came out over here?
I missed that.
But at any rate, it's saying that in his attempt to return to the root series, he unintentionally
remade the game.
So it's not really a complete remake.
It's more of like a...
An homage.
A spiritual remake.
When I hear that, though, I go, well, if it's an original, I don't know if I want it.
Well, I'm going to get it.
No, I know.
I'm going to get it, too.
Heck, even if it was a remake of the first game, I'd probably get it, because I'm a consumer
whore.
And how.
Exactly.
Anyways, so funny that you mention remakes, because the sex pixels are actually coming
together to re-record Anarchy in the UK.
And of course, this is going to be for Guitar Hero 3.
Why should you care?
Because it's a pretty cool song.
But yeah, they've come back together.
And it's the sex pistols getting back together.
That's kind of cool.
Exactly.
And so apparently they're going to be reissuing Anarchy in the UK, as well as part of the
celebration, they're going to be...
Our Guitar Hero 3 is going to be sponsoring the band's performance at the London Brixton
Academy on November 8th.
All in thanks to a video game.
Well, they're re-releasing, it's kind of co-advertising here.
It's basically, they're re-releasing their album, Nevermind the Bollocks.
Here's the Sex Pistols.
And that's coming out on the 29th, which is actually the day after Guitar Hero comes out
over here.
I don't know.
I don't know why they decided to re-record it, probably because it's good press.
Going to our chatroom, chat.orangetonsready.com, Dark Tetsuya asked, wasn't that in Guitar
Freaks at one point?
Yes it was, but it was a shitty cover of it was in the game.
But the real deal Sex Pistols are getting back together.
And you know, Anarchy in the UK is one of those songs that's just like fun to kick ass
to.
You know, it's a pretty ass kicking song.
When we think about kicking some ass, it inspires us to do the FUs of the Week.
Dark Soccer, why don't you start us off with tonight's FUs of the Week.
My FU of the Week goes towards, yeah, it's actually going to go to work, just in general.
I actually went and got my business license on Wednesday so that I can hopefully quit
my job and get to working at a spa, that'd be so nice.
And so it really, really just sort of made me realize how much more futile what I do
is.
So, FU to work.
Loki.
I'm FU'd the Bad Drivers, I was commuting back from Oakland today, and there are just
some people out there that don't really follow any of the laws of the road, in fact just
weave in and out.
I watched a truck almost flip itself because it turned so tight, you know, trying to go
between cars and stuff like that, so you know, there's just some people and there's a guy
with some riced up car or something that just decided, oh I'm going to just cut through
cars and stuff, no signal, no nothing, just trying to kill people, so fuck them.
I'm going to give an FU, sorry, one more thing, FU to the California Highway Patrol for stopping
the freeway, you morons!
So you know, they do all these things to stop people from speeding, so one of those things
apparently is to stop traffic on the freeway completely, all lanes at one time, because
that solves the problem.
No it doesn't, it causes more traffic, people become late and they speed more, you stupid
dumb fucks.
That's it.
That does seem like a little silly idea, unless there's an axe in the head or something.
No, they just.
For no reason?
No reason.
Just have fun.
We're bored today, let's screw with traffic.
My FU of the week goes to my ass, hear me out here for a minute, because I was a little
bit intoxicated, and I slipped and I fell on this chest that's in my room, this little
green, not a treasure chest, but a chest for clothes and stuff, I slipped and I fell right
on the corner of that, so my butt hit that corner, and now it's red and practically bruised.
I saw Rob's butt.
Yeah, I showed it to Jamie earlier, but only because I'm gay and she's a married woman,
so it's okay.
I gave Rob drugs.
Yeah, and she evaluated it and gave me some ibuprofen that was very strong.
Do you feel better?
I do, actually.
I don't feel it at all.
It's nice.
That's it for the FUs of the week, hooray.
Let's go back to some gaming news, and this is almost FU of the week worthy.
I found this on Digg, there's a site, EbizMBA, that tracks the top 25 gaming sites on the
internet, and Orange Launch Radio is nowhere to be found.
Well, of course.
That's just bullshit.
Okay, when was the last time we actually had news on our website?
Which by the way, oh, actually it was about that interview, we were supposed to have an
interview tonight, DMN did the interview, it was with a gal from Nintendo who got fired
over her blog, DMN actually interviewed her for their own show, STFU, which is on Thursdays
on the station, we were going to rebroadcast it because it's kind of an in the news current
thing that we thought you guys would be interested in.
Apparently their connection sucked, and the audio quality wasn't worth it to try and bring
it to you guys.
So we made an editorial decision to cut it out.
What about the guy that proposed over...
I didn't hear a fact from him on Myspace, I don't know, maybe he's listening.
We'll still have him on the show, call in.
Maybe if he's listening right now, we're going to have the Skype line later on the show,
we'll get to that, or anybody who wants to call in.
I think some of our New Yorkers that went to Digital Life are dying to get through tonight,
so we're going to hear from them a little later, but the 25 most popular video game
sites.
The number one video game site, according to this roster, which judges the top 25 by
the number of inbound links, the number of monthly visitors, the Quantcast monthly visitors,
I don't even know what that is, and the Alexa ranking, which by the way I think is bullshit.
I think you should not use, oh god, I fucking hate Alexa.
It's like one of the biggest plagues on the internet.
Who owns it, like Amazon or some shit?
All it is is a spyware bar that you basically have to install on your computer and it tracks
what websites you visit.
And they have the balls to release this ranking of the top sites based on who has this Alexa
toolbar installed.
That's not, because if you are anti-spyware, anti-toolbar, all this stuff, you probably
visit different sites than people who get suckered to putting this stuff on their computer.
Anyway, I could just go off all day, because one of the things I hate about Wikipedia is
that they use the Alexa ranking as some of their, as a site worthy to be on our page,
which how we've managed to keep our article up on Wikipedia for so long, I'll never be
able to figure that out.
But thank you all to the listeners who made that, but anyway, sorry, I get off my soapbox
there.
Top 25 sites, number one video game site, IGN.com, followed by GameSpot.com at number
two, GameFacts.com at number three, GamesRadar.com at number four, which kind of surprised me,
I'd never really heard of it until a few months ago, UGO.com at number five, GameSpy, CheatCC,
Kotaku, Yahoo Video Games, and GameTap rounding out the top 10.
File Front is a gaming site.
Apparently File Front is a gaming site, number 11.
File Planet?
Yeah, so some other big blogs, OneUp, who does a bunch of podcasts, they're number 13
on the list, Destructoid is number 20, Joystiq is number 19, and that's all I care to mention.
We're getting beat out by Strategy Informer.
Well, you know, life sucks sometimes.
Yeah, we don't have the budget.
I bet you all these people, none of these are, of course, independent sites, well maybe
Kotaku, I guess, and Joystiq, and Destructoid.
Well, yeah, I don't want to get into the politics of it all, yeah.
Yeah.
Anywho.
Yeah, some of the chat is asking, where's AllGames?
Nope, AllGames didn't make the top 25 either.
But AllGames doesn't really do news, you know, AllGames only shows.
I think if there were more to it, there might be more people going there.
Maybe someday.
I trust that we're at the top of our favorite sites.
And that's all I really care about.
That's all right, we're just underground, yo.
We're just underground.
We're way under the radar.
We're like underground at a bomb shelter.
That's right.
I'm not in a bomb shelter.
I'm in the land of awesome.
Anyway, speaking of something that could be awesome, but I sincerely doubt it, is that
there is a rumor about a Mortal Kombat game that will feature characters from the DC universe
trying to do a versus type of thing.
But yeah, I don't know how I feel about that.
In fact, I feel that it's going to be kind of dumb.
What is that?
A ramp I see there and a tank with sharks.
What's going to happen soon?
I wonder.
If they were going to do something awesome like Marvel vs. Capcom vs. DC Play-A-Rama.
Isn't that kind of what this is?
It's the answer to Marvel vs. Capcom, which is Street Fighter.
So instead of Marvel vs. Street Fighter, now you have DC vs. Mortal Kombat.
This makes perfect sense to me.
In fact, this reeks the fanboyism to me.
I don't even think it's true.
The difference between Mortal Kombat and Street Fighter is that Street Fighter is a good game.
First off, the next game that they're going to do is going to be a versus game.
They never said it was versus DC.
Although that would make sense.
To be honest, I think the Mortal Kombat series, DC, I don't think would go for it if you think
about it.
I mean, granted, I think DC vs. Street Fighter makes sense because it's more like comic book-y
and stuff.
But, Mortal Kombat is just kind of violent.
Well maybe they're going to change Mortal Kombat's adventure.
Mortal Kombat vs. Monsters of Horror or something like that, where they have Freddy and Jason
and shit like that.
You know why I like the Mortal Kombat games, especially the more recent one?
I like them because they have more than just the fighting game stuff in them.
Like the kart thing, the adventure modes.
The games have quite a bit of depth.
I don't know.
I mean, they're not like OMG drop everything.
They're no Soul Calibur 2, that's for sure.
But they're fun.
I don't know.
I think you guys are beating too hard on Mortal Kombat.
It's fun.
You guys are just tough to please.
I am tough to please.
Anyways, one game though that I do like is Saints Row.
And Saints Row 2 has been confirmed for PlayStation 3 and the 360.
Some of the changes coming with the brand new version of the game, of course it's going
to bring back Stillwater as well as including some improvements to the online game.
Both the online co-op now being added and multiplayer open world multiplayer matches.
That's kind of cool.
I mean, don't get me wrong, the multiplayer is okay, but I kind of wish that it was open
world like Grand Theft Auto on the PSP and stuff like that.
After a while, those three maps that you have for death match really get old.
It should be good.
You know what though, they set the bar pretty high for Grand Theft Auto so it would be kind
of cool to see them look at what Grand Theft Auto 4 did well and then improve on that.
Competition is always good.
It makes for better games.
Alright, well you could say one thing that's competing with DDR, although not really, is
Dance Online.
Dance Online is that dancing MMO that was created by David Perry who also made Earthworm
Jim and I think I played it a long time ago and I wasn't that impressed with it.
It didn't have a lot of songs that really grabbed me, but now I've got to go back and
take a look because Dance Online has gotten some updates and they have apparently made
some type of agreement with Warner Brothers Records or Warner Music.
There are now songs from Ashley Tisdale, The Ramones, The Click Five, 30 songs from Warner
Music also in the game now, Paris Hilton.
You know you want to...
What?
No, I don't.
Oh, no.
No, you want to also add more items to the shop for more customization.
Over 150 hairstyles and apparently the game has also added fresh dance mode to give fresh
dance modes giving some new challenges to the dancers in the game.
There's a new superstar mode where you try to rack up combos and break dance and then
reverse notes.
You have to hit the opposite keyboard or dance pad arrows that you normally would.
A little silly.
Yawn.
I don't know.
I'll check it out.
I'll check it out.
I think with some good music it could be fun.
I don't know.
Some folks in chat...
Dark Tetsuya says, Pass.
Mr. DeBucket says, David Perry for the lose.
Ouch.
Shadow Charlie says, Play Supernova 2 for Ashley Tisdale.
You know a sad time or a sad sign that things are changing.
You know how like our show started off like, you know, because we met all playing DDR.
We were all about the DDR.
Did you notice that not one but two new DDR games this week or DDR games came out this
week and did either of us bother to report on them at the top of the show in our gaming
weeks?
No.
We talked about it last week.
Yeah, but did you play them?
No, I didn't.
I'm just like, did you play them?
I'm waiting for my free coffees.
I mean, come on.
Oh, never mind.
Sorry.
A lot's changed in five years.
I mean, I just don't want to buy, well first off I'm not buying DDR Haas Party unless I
get it, you know, for free.
And then Supernova 2, I listened to the music.
I was disappointed with the Trip Machine remix.
It was crap, so.
And then, Ashley, is that your official review?
I did like the Fascination Max remix though.
That reminded me a lot of like Healing Vision and then Healing Vision Angelic, that kind
of remix of it.
And then, some of the songs though they didn't have ripped from it though, like Volcano I
didn't get to hear, but some of the other ones were okay.
I think though, I'll have to try it.
I want an actual machine to be out here though instead of having to play it on the Playstation
2.
But hopefully I'll get to play it soon.
Alright, well one thing we're going to get to do very soon is open up the mailbag.
That's right, you guys email us every week at mailbag at orangelaunchradio.com and we
read some of our favorites here on the program.
So DarkSakura, jump in the mailbag, pull out some letters, let's see what we got.
First email, dun dun dun, comes from, well, you didn't give a nickname so I'm just going
to say Erin.
Hi, first of all, I want to say I love the show.
It's the only podcast I listen to that doesn't ever bore me.
It's funny, entertaining, and informative.
As for Rob's comments about Facebook, I totally agree.
It's so annoying to log in and have like five invitations for apps that you don't care about.
I don't think that it's as bad as MySpace, but I do think Facebook is headed in that
direction.
I got a Facebook too and I hate it.
I mean, I do kind of like getting the notifications on my phone sometimes, but that shit gets
old.
Anyway, to continue, I also have a few comments on Halo 3.
I love the first game, it's the reason I bought an Xbox.
I was disappointed in Halo 2 and not long after Halo 2, I stopped telling people that
I played it because I didn't want them to think I was a stupid frat boy.
I eventually stopped playing Halo 2 with anyone I didn't know because of the ignorant people
on Xbox Live.
I'm excited for Halo 3, but I won't be going to the midnight release because of the people
that will be there.
I think the Halo series started out well and the games are still solid, but the atmosphere
surrounding the games has dissolved into one blatant commercialism and poor sportsmanship,
for lack of a better word.
Love this show, guys.
Keep it up.
Aaron?
Yeah, I seem to remember we were talking about last week, you know, who's actually going
to the midnight release.
Do we hear from anyone who actually went?
This guy said he wanted to go, but all right.
Shall I move forward to the next one, Rob?
You may.
Hello, dudes and chicks, I'm playing Worms 2 Up in Warfare on my PSP 2000, and I'm naming
the worms on my custom team.
I tried to name one of my worms Star Drifter, but when the worm shows up in the game, his
name appears as S-X-X-X-X-Ifter.
No matter how many times I try to rename him or a new team with the worm Star Drifter,
it automatically changes to S-X-X-X-X-Ifter.
Any idea why this is?
Yeah, because T-A-R-D is T.A.R.D.
Yeah, T.A.R.D. is slang for retard, which is a naughty word.
They also censored death because I had a team death something.
Can you play this online?
No.
You play Wi-Fi.
Well, then why bother censoring it?
The person's got to be in the room with you.
I don't get it.
That's overdoing it.
That's from Darkraven.
That's overdoing it.
No, it's being censored because I guess T.A.R.D. is a bad word, and so anything with that
in it, you know.
What if you wanted to name your character Compass?
Compass has the word ass in it, so you know, you can't do that.
It's messed up.
It would be comp, compa, and maybe com is a bad word too.
Who knows?
Calm.
It depends on how it's spelled.
Calm.
Anyway, this one comes from A.Z.H.P.
Hey, O.L.R.
Crew.
Last week on your show you discussed Loki's bet that he would dress up as Tingle while
burning the Eye of Judgment, and since it comes out on October 23rd, six months from
then, that would be April 23rd, which is my birthday.
I just wanted to say how great a birthday present it would be if it ended up happening.
Looking forward to the Eye of Judgment hitting the one million mark.
Unfortunately, I won't be contributing to that one million because I don't have a PS3
in it.
Oh yeah, the Eye of Judgment is crap.
Oh yeah, since you guys love lolcat so much, here's the Geometry Wars galaxy ad for the
Wii.
Yeah, but that was actually linked from the GW Cats thing that you gave me that was going
to be my side of the week.
Well, let's take a minute to talk about Galaxy Wars Cats.
Genius marketing campaign, those folks at Geometry Wars Galaxy.
Have you seen the site gwgcats.com?
Somebody's taken the lolcats trend and made an advertising campaign out of it.
I think the advertising campaign for Geometry Wars Galaxies is brilliant because you can
even watch the commercial.
Wait, hold on.
I'm going to go to the site.
I'm sorry.
I don't care if I sound like a consumer whore, but you know what?
I've seen so many lame video game commercials, and you might think this is lame, but I don't
care.
I think it's funny.
They have this in theaters.
This is so great.
There's Geometry Wars and they have all these things like, I'm in your solar system on top
of your leaderboards, I'm in your battle grids, topping your highest score, and just all this
funny stuff.
And then if you actually go to the website for Geometry Wars Galaxies, the little trailer
for the game has a remake of Particle Man, which is so awesome.
Hold on.
I got to play a little clip of the song from the trailer.
This is from Geometry Wars Galaxies dot com slash us.
Particle Man, Particle Man, doing the things of Particle Man.
What's he like?
It's not important.
Particle Man, is he a dot?
Or is he his back?
When he's in the water, does he get wet?
Or does the water get him instead?
Because get it?
Because it's like Triangle Man and, I don't know, it's funny.
That's great.
Is that They Might Be Giants?
No.
It's like, oh, unless they redid the song, it's definitely not the original.
Well, I mean, I was going to say, because the voice was kind of...
A little bit.
Could have been.
Yeah.
Great.
Love it.
Well, then the next email then, if you are ready.
Actually, real quickly, I just want to say, Black Wolf, of course, our old buddy Bobby
B's in chat right now, and he does his own show, of course, on All Games.
It also airs on Sunday nights, and sometimes when he's done with his show, he'll come listen
to ours for a little bit, because he's awesome, and he says, oh, man, that email was a mass
email to a lot of podcasts.
I think he said that about the last email, the one about the Worms 2.
So somebody is like mass emailing podcasts with the same question.
Amazing.
We got spammed.
I wonder if they're trying to see if the different podcasts give different answers of some type
of survey.
Well, then, I wonder if they're spamming all the podcasts about whether their penis needs
to be larger, too, because...
Or maybe they're trying to spam all the podcasts with a Worms 2 email, so people will actually
talk about Worms 2 on the podcast.
There's apparently people who think that...
We just bought it.
Hook, line, and sinker.
There's a bunch of people who think that I need a bigger penis, too, apparently, in my
email.
So we actually deleted my email address.
So I don't think it'll work, but good luck.
You never know.
Well, if they get them back, then they have auto-delete things or some shit.
I'm actually thinking about changing it anyway.
Yeah.
All right.
But anyway, next email now, please, please, please, please.
Yes, yes, yes.
Can I has email, Rob?
Yes, you can has email.
Last episode, look, you said nothing is original anymore.
Originality is hard to find.
One of my favorite quotes is from one of my design teachers is, you are only as original
as your sources are obscure.
Ones are the same as design.
I do agree with that.
I was listening to episode nine of Game Theory about emotional responses to video games and
how the design aspect can begin there to create a better game, and it reminded me of my own
reactions to certain games or events in games.
Like, the first time I played through Symphony of the Night, I beat Belmont at the end, and
I thought, cool, whatever.
I had no idea about the extra gameplay.
I was bored a few weeks later, so I had to play through it again, but thoroughly this
time.
So when I defeated the green orb this time, the exact words out of my mouth was, what
the crap?
Talk about a reward for good gaming or the end for Final Fantasy II in the U.S.
That's Final Fantasy IV overseas.
The page turning with the great music, it was incredible.
I sat and smiled contentedly for a good half an hour.
I can actually say the same thing about Final Fantasy III over here when it came out, was
that I actually finally decided to wait and be patient and wait for Shadow to catch up
with you so that he doesn't die, spoiler, and got the ending with everybody alive.
That made me happy.
Even retarded GoGo.
I was missing somebody when I first beat Final Fantasy III.
It wasn't Shadow.
I actually thought to wait around for Shadow.
I got everybody.
I want to say, I was missing, like somebody really, like Gao or somebody I was like really
weird I was missing.
Well no, you couldn't play through without Gao.
Then who was I missing?
Your extra characters were Umaru and GoGo.
The stupid mimic?
No, isn't there a way that you can actually get all the way to the very last tower with
only three people?
You have to have Celes, you have to have Edgar, and you have to have one other person.
I think Locke.
Terra.
Is it?
No, I think you can go and skip Terra.
I mean, it makes no sense for the story, but remember how you could access the last tower
really early on?
Terra was like the first character you play in the game.
But then after the game resets, when it goes into World of Ruin, you start as Celes, remember?
That is true.
So, it was weird.
Well, at any rate, now I look for these things.
I want to care about my characters on normal story-based games.
It's not always easy to find.
I get by these days with a good triple Winfury crit on any gnome anywhere, or seriously just
killing anything alliance, but that kind of quick fix can't replace the more in-depth
stuff.
What are some of the moments that got you guys all teary eyed or made you jump like
an idiot?
Oh, and let's hear it for the gamers, spelled G-A-Y-M-E-R-S.
Apparently Seattle is the gamer mecha.
Really?
And that comes from No Soul Boy.
I knew there was a reason I liked Seattle.
No, let's see, games that got me, well, okay, games that got me a jump would be Silent Hill,
like any of them.
Games that got me all teary- Well, I actually cared when Aris died in Final Fantasy VII
on one of my co-hosts.
I cheered.
You're a bitch.
I'm not a bitch.
I hated her the entire fucking game, and oh my God, I hated her, and I was so happy when
she died.
I was sad.
Actually, I got verklempt when that happened.
Actually, I got a little verklempt playing Eternal Sonata the other day.
That game's sad.
It's about all these dying kids and stuff.
It's kind of sad.
I laughed my ass off during the bitch slap fight in Final Fantasy VII between Scarlet
and Tifa, and oh God, there was a game though that made me completely freaking ball, and
I couldn't remember what it was because it was a few years ago.
I do know one game that completely cracked me up, and that was- Now, crap, I can't remember
the name of it, but it had the girl with the red pigtails, and she used the rings, the
chakram for her weapons, and you could play as either the girl or the boy, and it had
a really cool name in Japan, and then it came out with Winds of Fate in the US, but that
game had lots of crack-me-up bunny moments because she was just over the top, but I can't
remember the game that made me freaking ball like a baby though.
It was like people dying in the game.
Mario is missing.
I just, I can't believe it's missing.
I'll tell you what recently though- I can't believe it, please, I can't find him.
I'll tell you what recently made me so annoyed was watching on YouTube, asshole Mario, just
people go to YouTube and look up asshole Mario.
That was awesome talent, I love asshole Mario.
It's people who what they did is took Super Mario Brothers and did ROM hacks with it to
make these intensely hard levels, and the thing about these hard levels is that they
are not unplayable.
You can beat them, but you have to have the mad skills to do it and time and patience
and be willing to die.
The only thing that's annoying about the asshole Mario levels is that they keep showing people
dying over and over and over again, and what they should do is just show someone playing
through the level and then show them dying.
My favorite was how they showed one at just the very start of the game, and the very first
level the guy goes into, he goes into the level and then there's a bullet machine that
shoots him in the face.
Right when the level starts.
Or the womps that land directly on him.
The very first level where it does the little happy music, it starts with a womp falling
on him, and you have to find the secret hidden block.
The best thing is, and I was actually discussing this with Sauce the other day, is that when
they have the uber long jumps and the guy's timing it perfectly, and then he jumps and
hits a brick and lands in the hole.
It's like an invisible coin block.
Anyway, back to the email, shall I?
Yes.
Okay.
This is addressed to me, and then you guys in parentheses.
This is Rob with two Bs, by the way.
Who's it from?
I just told you, Rob.
Oh, hi, Rob and two Bs.
There's a little war of words going on between a site called Game Twat, I think that's great,
it just gets funnier each time you think slash say it, and game politics, as well as GP versus
Jackie Poo, and it's being taken way too seriously by GP readers.
In a GT post on a GP survey involving a Jackie Poo interview, what's more, you'd think by
naming a site Game Twat would sort of imply people that it's not meant to be taken 100%
seriously, but I guess that sort of skips people by.
I've heard of Game Cock, but I've never heard of Game Twat.
Game Cock is a publisher, or a developer.
I think people need to lighten up and realize how we secretly enjoy the antics between Jackie
Poo and GP butting heads.
GT is funny if you let it.
I personally believe that porn court filing's story on Jackie Poo was his attempt to show
the judge was biased against him in the case versus the Florida Bar.
Mission accomplished, but now the legal system is against him.
Sorry for the misquote, but if you strike Jackie Poo down, he'll become stronger than
ever.
I'd rather we adopt a meh attitude and maybe he'll start eating crayons as recreational
drugs.
Rob Bubba.
And he wrote Bubba afterwards.
This Game Twat site looks like Perez Hilton.
It's awfully pink, and that joystick looks like a cock.
Black Wolf in chat says something interesting, he says, wow, Game Twat is getting really
too much publicity over this.
So what's the debate?
What are they mad at each other about?
I don't get it.
Hold on, I'm trying to figure this out, because Game Twat interviewed him.
I can't believe he would have interviewed with a site called Game Twat.
What the hell?
Hi, we're with Game Twat, we want to interview you.
Whatever, I don't want to get involved in the drama.
It's more publicity for both sites, I mean, we just reported on it, congratulations to
both sites.
We need to start a fight with somebody.
Who can we start a fight with?
How about all games?
Ah, that's too obvious.
How about Bobby?
Bobby, we're going to start a fight with you, is that okay?
That's too obvious.
It's too obvious if we start a fight with somebody.
I'll start a fight with you, you want to make some noise?
What about the developer of The Eye of Judgment?
I don't know.
Who's the developer?
Well, I don't know where we are.
Chat, send us an email, let us know who we should get in a fight with.
Yes, chat room, who should we start a fight with?
We'll say something really nasty about some other show.
PM Rob.
Let us know who.
PM Rob with your answers.
Yes, please do.
Okay, to report from the Afro guy, hey, OLR, I wanted to make a correction to that rather
formal review of Earth Defense Forces sent in last week.
There are more enemy types than just ants in the game, but it turns out they're the
best.
By the way, having played Metal Slug Anthology this week, I agree with Loki that every Metal
Slug game is exactly the same, even if they are really fun.
Enemies, weapons, and even goddamn mini-bosses are repeated.
You know what?
So you can get turned into undead in the later ones.
To continue, last one, dun, dun, dun.
Hi, OLR people, this is Mori again.
Earlier this week, I was able to get a Wii with money from various sources, and so far
I've been enjoying it immensely.
My house has been lacking in a home version of DDR for quite some time, so I splurged
and picked up the new DDR Hottest Party bundle that came out Tuesday, I think.
Anywho.
The game's, in a nutshell, excellent.
It's easily the best DDR home version in a while.
The song list is a tad shorter than the average game, by about 50 total, but most of the songs
are actually fun to play.
About half of it consists of licenses, they're all covers, but the range and quality from
good to questionable.
For some reason, the 80s ones tend to be the most fun.
Blue Monday by New Order is the first one that comes to mind.
The original songs in the game are pretty awesome, too.
Furthermore, whoever did the step charts for this game needs to stay around forever.
There's a wide range of difficulty.
A couple of genuine ten-footers in the other charts are fun without being mind-numbingly
boring.
The Wii remote motions are kind of hard to get the hang of, though, and the game doesn't
give you any advice besides swinging the controller.
As far as I can tell, the best way to do it is to hold the remote and nunchuck in front
of you vertically and swing them forward.
Oh, and the new Love Shine remix is rad.
Finally, a quick question.
What other Wii games are good at the moment?
I'm into quirky stuff.
Cheers, Mori.
Um, I still love Trauma Center.
If you really want quirky, escape from Bug Island.
That's really quirky.
Quirky games?
Dip into the retro archive and go play some old stuff, because seriously, some developers
back in the day were smoking crack.
Who would have thought that a game about a loom would be so awesome?
Loom is awesome.
I know.
That's what I'm saying.
Loom is fucking rad.
Go back in the archive.
Play some old-school stuff.
Seriously.
Good times.
Well, that's it for the email.
Bobby Black Wolf in chat, boy, he's getting a lot of FaceTime tonight.
See?
Because of the fight.
And he commented on our fight, the possible fight between OLR and Black Wolf.
He says, we tried to fight, however, Loki refused to play ChromeHounds, so I won by
default.
Dude, it was like me and some other person.
I think I'd already sold my copy back.
Uh, GS68 says also that we should be fighting with Bobby Black Wolf, but see, that doesn't
work.
This suggests that we should have a fight with Tekken Games.
You know, Raven's Dolphins show, because he always calls it this show and he has his own
thing, the Tekken Games, which is like number three on Op 11 or something like that.
It's just crazy.
Which just proves people watch anything.
See, I'm starting a little fight, starting a little fight.
Just kidding, Raven, if you're listening.
Hugs and kisses.
Let's see.
Oh, and then Black Wolf suggested that we fight one up.
And I'm like, that fight.
I would fight him with a cricket bat.
That fight's so 2006.
I'm over my issues with one up.
I'm over my issues.
Whatever.
I guess so we can't fight anybody, so we have to love everybody.
Hugs and kisses all around.
We love everyone.
The Nintendo Wii Online Development staff, how about that?
Let's fight them.
No, but we need a good fight.
Like a really good bang up fight that people will report on.
Because it's like, you know, O.L.R. threatened to kill somebody's family or something.
Camp threatened to kill families.
That's illegal.
I know.
It is illegal.
Alright.
We need to get some really good dirt on somebody and start a fight with them.
It'd be good for publicity.
Can you work on that, Loki?
You have ties in dark places.
Get some dirt on another cast.
Alright, anyway.
Yeah, don't you know, I'm just like the fucking sleuth.
Alright, then get some news.
God.
Anyways, so, you know, when I'm not digging up dirt, apparently, we're going to be talking
about Square Enix.
And they're focusing on overseas.
Yeah, that's a surprise.
I guess, you know, of course, since they're only known, well, Square Enix is mainly known
for the Final Fantasy and Dragon Quest series.
A lot of other stuff that they used to do, unfortunately.
Never saw remixes.
I really want Einhnder.
But now, apparently, they're going to be focusing on overseas markets that have increased more
than to three times the size of the Japanese market.
Thank God.
Maybe that means we'll actually get Final Fantasy XIII in a timely manner.
Instead of having to wait for Japan to get it and then us getting it way afterwards.
So they had, apparently, two strategies planned to seize the opportunities.
First, they're, of course, going to increase their distribution channel ties throughout,
you know, both the United States and, I believe, in Europe.
And of course, the second is, you know, developing more titles overall.
So it's pretty cool.
Alright, well, we here at the Orange Lounge.
You think we'd be really excited about the Orange Box, but I know there's a lot of our
listeners who are excited about the Orange Box.
I am excited about the Orange Box.
It's not games I usually play.
Maybe I should be more excited about it.
Portal!
Come on.
Alright, well, the Orange Box has officially gone gold.
And it's coming out.
You know, the only thing that I wish this would have in it is Gary's mod.
$59.99 on the 360, $49.99 on the PC, Half-Life 2, 1 and 2, Team Fortress 2, and, as Loki
said, Portal, all in the Orange Box.
Well maybe this is the perfect opportunity for me to check it out, because I, you know,
haven't really played Half-Life a whole lot, I mean a little bit, but, you know, I don't
play a lot of these first person shooters and stuff, so.
If you're going to buy it, Loki, then I'll check it out when you get it.
But it's gone gold, so those of you guys that are excited about it, I know there's a couple
of people on my Twitter that are really excited about the Orange Box.
It's on its way very soon.
So take a look for it.
Well, I can't say that I'm too excited about this bit of news, because honestly I don't
give a crap about it.
But some people are happy about it, so for anyone who's interested in the Sam & Max series,
season 2 will be on GameTap starting November 8th for those who have subscribed for it.
And it has Ice Station Santa.
For the person who emailed earlier about the quirky games, here you go, Sam & Max.
I think this is a good little quirky game.
Fun to play.
Enjoy.
You don't like Sam & Max?
I never got into it.
Oh, it's fun.
It's cute.
And funny.
And I like how it's the only episodic game I can think of that actually stayed, like
actually continued to put out episodes.
Like most episodic games you hear about die after two episodes, you know what I mean?
Shenmue.
What?
Shenmue was supposed to be a series of, they're supposed to have a whole line of them giving
episodes of What's-His-Face's Quest.
But see somebody just, you know, it pooped and quit along the way, and this Sam & Max
has been going for a long time.
So hooray to it being a good episodic game.
I did not drop my microphone.
So.
Alright, we're going to open the Skype line very soon if you want to give us a call, 1-877-GAME-OLR
or our username on Skype, Orangelaunchradio, but one more story before we get to that.
Yes, anyways, so it's a little bit disappointing because this was one of the big features of
Unreal Tournament 3 for PlayStation 3, but no cross-platform play.
It was apparently too hard to make, so they scrapped it.
So you'll only be able to play people on the PC if you have the PC version, and only be
able to play people on the PlayStation 3 if you have the PlayStation 3 version.
So sad.
So people on PCs cannot play people on PlayStation 3s.
That's correct.
And it's kind of sad.
That's a bummer.
Alright, well we are going to open up the Skype line over at Orangelaunchradio.com.
Our username, of course, is Orangelaunchradio on Skype, or our phone number, 1-877-GAME-OLR.
Let's open up the Skype line and see who can get on through.
Hello, you're on Orangelaunchradio.
Who's this?
It's the one and only Legend of Zaku.
Hello, Legend of Zaku.
What's on your mind, my friend?
Just dealing with the aftermath of digital life this weekend, especially the tourney.
I was hoping some of the New Yorkers would call in and tell us all about digital life.
I didn't get a chance to go.
As you know, I wanted to go and I didn't get to go.
Somebody on my Twitter said, not that I should be thankful I didn't go, but that it wasn't
that good to show.
You should be glad that you didn't go.
Ooh, snap.
Let's just say a lot of drama is... Oh shit, what happened?
What happened, Zaku?
Okay, I just want to make this a short story.
I don't want to get people entangled in the current affairs of our community.
Wait, hold on.
Hold on.
Hold on, Zaku.
Wait, hold on.
Remember we were talking about that fight earlier?
Here we go.
We have to start a fight right here.
Okay.
All right.
To sum it up, basically the biggest complaints right now were regarding freestyle and the
way the rest of the other tournaments were run.
Basically the... All right, for starters, the way freestyle turned out, in other words,
people accusing the judges of favoritism and people pissing and moaning on why certain
of their favorite freestylers didn't place at all and there was a lot of name calling.
A lot of... It even got to the point where one of the players from Expert Tech actually
cursed out one of the organizers right there and he got de-cued but then ended up staying
after apologizing.
Never mind, it's Dance Dance Revolution drama.
Nobody's going to care about that.
No, no, no.
We have to start a fight somewhere else.
What?
I can email Jackie Poo for you.
That's all right.
That same guy, mind you, he also cursed out one of the other organizers who also freestyled
there on Saturday and who I happen to know personally.
He just basically... Yeah, he called him out for racism for his body appearance.
Oh, boy.
It was just really nasty.
It was shit-load of like...
So, somebody was cursing out some other guy at Digital Life throwing race and all this
other stuff into it and they didn't get ejected?
Yeah, race factor.
They didn't get ejected?
His appearance because he's a big guy, it's just a lot of immature bullshit that's just
spanning four pages on the freak right now.
I don't want to get into it because it's...
Okay, so fine.
Go to DDR Freak for your DDR drama.
However, did this ruin Digital Life single-handedly to one little fight ruin the show?
How did that go down?
Well, it turned out pretty good and there was a lot of people that really complimented
and really praised the organizers for running it.
The pad misses were another issue that certain people had sour grapes over.
The way it was set up was that the machines were on the stage and since the stage itself
is not as secure as something like the ground, they have no choice but to put it up there.
They have no saying in where the machines are actually placed.
Zaku, if I didn't know better, I think Digital Life is one giant DDR machine.
No, it's not even that.
It's just... Let's just put it this way.
Pad misses were just caused by the instability of the stage, just having all the machines
and people up there and the sensors just going off like that.
That was one of the biggest complaints by certain people.
They agreed with the judgment calls because there were many... The people running and
taking down the scores were very, very meticulous in making sure that whatever score was received
was the fairest and most accurate score out there received.
Tell me one thing in Digital Life that was cool that has nothing to do with DDR.
Guitar Hero 3.
It's all right though, but I mean... Music game.
It's fine.
He was within the confines of the question.
That's fine.
All right.
Guitar Hero 3, how was it?
It was all right.
I only played it once, but so far it's just nice graphics.
That's all.
Same gameplay.
New songs.
Same gameplay.
Yeah, but I just can't get my mind off of the 800-pound gorilla in the room, which is
the DDR tournament that's still lingering right now.
I'm sorry.
I just hope next year we just fix what we had that went wrong this time.
I can't take the DDR talk anymore.
I'm sorry.
I had to hit the red button to end it.
I can't deal with the DDR drama anymore.
I'm sorry, guys.
If you'd like to give us a call, 1-877-GAME-OLR, username OrangeLoungeRadio.
Hi.
You're on OrangeLoungeRadio.
Who's this?
It's GS68.
Hi, GS68.
What DDR drama would you like to report on tonight?
Actually, not really DDR drama.
I just want to say drama in general sucks ass.
Yeah, drama in general is kind of crappy.
Someone violated the card line thingy today when I was playing Maximum Tune 3.
I so was about to hit the hang-up button because I thought you were going to say they violated
the card thing on DDR, and I was like, God damn it, I'm cutting off the Skype calls.
Okay, but it was Midnight Maximum Tune.
I'm okay then.
All right, so what happened?
Well, I have a card up on the machine to show what was next, and this guy starts to look
for coins so he can continue, and then I tell him that my turn is next, and then apparently
it's not about the card roll, so I tell him about it, and then he still wants to continue,
and then when he finally gets off, he calls me dumb and a faggot, et cetera.
So what I did was I started a game and did one of the Metro courses.
Can't we all just get along?
I mean, seriously, people, you all are fighting each other over, and here's the thing.
You're starting fights over Dance Dance Revolution.
Can't anyone see the comedy in this?
And then now you're calling people a fag because they beat you to playing Midnight Maximum
Tune, and this gives you the right to call other people gay?
Come on.
Because, you know, making it to a machine first is a really different sexuality.
I know, his penis must be so large that I'd be like, you know, get it.
How would you feel if someone hogged the machine when your turn was next?
Anyway, drama sucks.
Tell me something.
I need to hear a happy story, GS68.
Something good happened this week.
Didn't it?
Anything?
Something?
Well, seeing as new sites don't cover arcade games, I'll cover the arcade games myself,
I finally got to play Initial D4.
Oh, I didn't even know Initial D4 came out.
How was that?
Um, it was alright.
I like the drifty physics because it felt more like drift racing.
Is that something that's new over Initial D3?
Yeah, Initial D3, there was some drifting, but you couldn't see it unless you were in
third person view, which was useless because the camera wasn't right on your butt, so it's
very hard to control your car.
And does it still have all the fabulous Eurobeat in Initial D4?
Yeah, but I heard you can't pick your own song, I just randomly choose for you.
That's so that the same person doesn't play heartbeat over and over and over again because
they don't know how to change the song.
Well, not if you're in speed car over and over, like the song was, Speedcar, Speedcar,
AEAT6, he's coming.
Now suddenly we've turned into a singing karaoke show, no that's alright.
This is the Eurobeat hour.
Same, this is the strangest Skypline segment ever.
Alright, GS60A, any quick last thoughts before we move on?
Um, no.
Alright, take care GS60A, have a good one.
You too.
And punch that kid in the face next time they try to call you names.
Alright, not that I should be encouraging that, I'm just kidding.
You can't win with violence.
877-GAME-OLR, our username on Skype, OrangeLoungeRadio, give us a call, let's talk.
Hi, you're on OrangeLoungeRadio, who's this?
This is Brad from Pod Culture.
Hello, Brad from Pod Culture, so good to hear from you, what's on your mind?
Well, you said you wanted to hear from somebody who was crazy enough to be in a midnight launch
of Halo 3.
Oh, and let me guess, it was you, wasn't it?
Oh yeah.
Alright, so why, why did you have to be there at midnight to be, I mean, you couldn't wait
until the next day?
It's more of a social thing than anything else.
I agree with that.
He had to be there because someone cut in front of him, you know, for midnight maximum
on Toon 3, and then, you know, the stage was unstable for DDR.
Well, when I had pre-ordered my copy at Best Buy, they had said that they were going to
be open until midnight.
Ours here in Louisville weren't.
Louisville?
Louisville.
Louisville, Kentucky.
Sorry, for a second I thought it was Louisville, it looks like Louisville, no, like Louisville.
Only city can take a horse race and turn it into a three week party.
You know what, my uncle used to live there for a little while, and that's exactly the
same way he described it.
Well, no, he lived there for a little while with some woman that he was seeing, and then
he moved to, right outside Nashville, which is almost as bad.
Alright, so you were in the line in Louisville, and
Yeah, I actually went to three different lines, actually.
Dang, so you had to go all around.
Well, the Best Buy wasn't open, so our co-host, Glenn, had his pre-order at a GameStop over
in Indiana.
So we're, that's about 15, 20 minutes away, so I drove over there to meet him, and they
didn't have any more of the collector's edition, so I drove over to meet a friend at another
GameStop here in Louisville, they didn't have any, and wound up in line at Circuit City.
Wow.
Yeah, okay, Circuit City, not a lot of people seem to shop at Circuit City anymore, so that
makes sense.
There's only like 20 or 30 people in line.
I remember when we went out, when the Nintendo Wii went on sale, we went around to all the
different lines, which, by the way, yes, there is a difference between the Wii Midnight Launch
and this, is that you knew everybody was going to have Halo 3 coming out the ass the next
day, but when the Wii came out, you had to be in line at midnight, or you weren't getting
the Wii.
Big difference.
I finally saw a Wii on the shelf the other day.
There you go.
Big difference.
Anyway, yeah, yeah, there was like, what, four people at Circuit City?
There was less than 20, 15, 20, 25 people, something like that.
But so you got it?
Yeah, I got it, and the guy ahead of me spent like 800 bucks.
That's right, you sent us a private message earlier, so he went all out.
Did he say why he was so crazy for Halo?
Well, if he hadn't actually had his girlfriend with him, I would have thought he hadn't moved
out of his parents' basement yet.
He was pretty geeky.
Maybe the girlfriend lives with him in the parents' basement.
Well, that could be it, too.
Some girlfriends will visit their boyfriends in their parents' basement, sometimes, and
then they'll realize that he's kind of, you know, not desirable.
But yeah, he...
But he loves me.
800 bucks for a game, that was crazy.
He hits me because he does me.
Well, you know, we are in Kentucky here.
Hey, hey, I'm not from too much farther away from there, so...
So yeah, it was actually a lot of fun hanging around talking to people.
Now, you sent me a private message about some of the voice acting in Halo 3 that you discovered
during the credits.
Yeah.
Some pretty popular sci-fi stars.
I know you love your sci-fi.
Who can we find in Halo 3, in the voice acting?
Nathan Fillion, Adam Baldwin, and Alan Tudyk from Firefly.
Cool.
Ooh, nice!
And Katie Sackhoff from Battlestar Galactica.
She is awesome, and bionic woman now.
Yep.
Of which I missed on Wednesday, but I have a T-vote, I'm going to watch it a little later.
She's freaking nuts on that show.
I hear she's the reason to watch that show.
Yeah.
So I'm definitely going to want to check that out.
Good times, but some, maybe not A-list actors, in the sci-fi world, they're definitely on
the A-list, but some, you know, some pretty well-known actors there for the Halo 3.
Every time I think of dude, I still cry over the end of Firefly.
Let's not do spoilers.
I'm not saying anything.
All right.
Oh, come on, the movie's been out two years.
All right, that's fine.
That was just a sucky way to die, okay?
That sucked!
I'm a leaf on the wind.
No, you're a leaf pinned to a chair.
Splat!
Ouch.
Oh, man.
I wanted to hunt Joss down and burn my Joss Whedon is my Master Now shirt.
All right, nerds.
We've got to wrap up this call and take some more nerdy calls.
I'm going to watch The Sarah Jean Adventures, I promise, since the new episodes are out.
Excellent show.
All right, catch you later, guys.
Bye.
All right, take care, Brad.
Thanks for calling.
Ask and ye shall receive.
We asked to hear from crazies that were in the Halo 3 line, and we heard from one.
That was great.
Let's go to the next call.
Hello, you're on Orange Lawns Radio.
Who's this?
Sarah Jean Adventures, I promise, since the new episodes are out.
Hello?
Can you hear us?
Yeah, hello?
Hi.
Hello, who's this?
Hey, what's going on?
This is GZ.
Is this who?
GZDR4E.
Okay, what's on your mind, buddy?
Digital life.
Ah, I swear to God, if this is about DDR, we're not continuing this phone call, but
what's on your mind?
How is digital life?
Retro arcade area.
Big problem.
What big problem in the retro...
Apparently, on VIP day on Thursday, they wanted Billy Mitchell to have a photo out with the
Donkey Kong machine.
I was playing on the machine.
They told me to get off the machine.
I refused.
They threatened to take my VIP pass and kick me off the premises.
So I just let them have the machine.
Were you going for a high score or something?
I mean, were you about ready to be the new King of Kong?
Just playing off the machine.
What was that?
Just playing the machine.
So I mean, how does that feel that they had to just kick you off there because somebody
more important was in town and needed a photo op?
That's kind of got to suck.
Yeah, it's all about power there, I guess.
You're going to have to actually get the world record on the machine, and then you'll be
able to get on any Donkey Kong machine you want in the world.
There you have it.
So were you so mad that you just kind of left, or did you walk around and check out other
stuff that was at Digital Life?
No, I just left, I was mad.
Wow.
All right.
Well, I'm sorry to hear that about getting kicked off the machine, but will you try again
for Digital Life next year, or you think you're kind of done with it?
Yeah, I'll try again next year.
All right.
Well, just be careful because if there's a movie about asteroids next year, you'll probably
want to stay away from the asteroid's machine or the same thing might happen.
Anything else you want to share with our listeners?
All right, take care.
All right, take care.
There's connection problems there or something, but thank you for sharing the injustices of
Donkey Kong in this world.
Sorry to hear it.
All right, let's go to the phones and take more calls.
Hi, you're on Orange Launch Radio.
Who's this?
So, I heard that they were holding the bar, and that wasn't cool.
Wow.
Welcome to DDR Drama Chat.
How can we help you?
No, this is Bobby.
What's going on, guys?
Hi, Bobby.
How are you?
It's good to hear from you.
You were asking about people that were in a Halo 3 midnight launch.
How did I know you'd call about this?
Yeah, what happened?
What's your story?
Well, actually, the full story I'm not going to go into, but I was actually up in Bellevue,
Washington as a guest of Microsoft, so I attended one of the big midnight launches.
I was not standing in line for it, but it was a huge party.
It was actually fun being there.
I had fun, and I wasn't even getting the game.
Wow.
It was a cheap piece of skinnier in person.
Just wanted to throw that out there.
Okay.
So, what did you guys get to do?
Didn't you guys get to go hand out goodies to people in line and stuff?
Yeah, I handed out some Halo 3 shirts, and we had some Halo 3 lanyards, and these little
five-dollar Burger King credit card things.
So, we were giving out, it doesn't get you a happy meal or anything, but it was at least
five dollars towards something.
We were just giving those out to people in the line for doing stupid stuff or just throwing
them out.
That sounds like fun.
Were there tons of people there?
There were probably about four hundred.
Wow.
Four hundred to five hundred people there, all in line.
It stretched all the way down to the Home Depot that was across the parking lot.
Dang.
And everything.
Mountain Dew was giving out the game fuel and all their other stuff, and Balls showed
up with this big, huge van, and Bungee showed up in a big charter bus coming straight from
their launch party, so they were all boozed up and giving out calendars and swag.
Bill Gates showed up.
He shook hands with the first fifty people in line right after he rolled out of bed.
But it was a big party.
I think Warren Moon was there, and everybody was like, we love you in tech mobile.
I wish we could have been there to hand out orange soda and cookies in our traditional
fashion, but maybe next, maybe for Halo 4.
Oh wait, I guess there can't be a Halo 4, can there?
Yeah, well.
They'll find a way.
Now, it's just the end of the story arc.
They never said it was the end of Halo.
Doesn't the box advertise the end to the Halo chosen?
Halo Wars will be there.
There'll be more.
There'll be more.
There'll be another game to get excited about later.
There's always something.
Now, they did throw out these stress balls that were oranges, and they were actually
throwing them at people, like helping people with it.
Did you save one for us, Bobby?
They didn't help them at me.
They were throwing people in line.
I'm so sorry.
That's alright.
We'll just put that on the list of reasons to start a fight with you, that's all.
There you go.
Yeah, people were walking out of there with big Halo clicks, the big, huge Spartan stuff,
because there was the WizKids stuff, and people were walking out of there with hundreds of
dollars worth of stuff, and I'm like, you guys realize this is just for a DVD?
Did you see people dropping $800, like the guy Brad said he saw that bought the Xbox?
Yes.
With the game?
Oh my gosh.
We did see somebody walk out with the big, huge Halo action clicks, figuring it was a
$800 and the legendary edition, and then I did see one Xbox 360 sold along with that
stuff, so yeah, I can fully believe.
Was that people just caught up in the moment, you think, or do you think there's just people
that are that hardcore for their Halo?
I think it'd be people that are that hardcore, or to buy the 360, it might be somebody who
never got a 360 until Halo came out.
Yeah, that would make sense, because I got the original Xbox as a Halo one, because I
didn't buy it until Halo was out, and it had been out a little while, and they did those
special green Xboxes, and I was like, oh, I have to get one of those, so I guess that
was me.
I didn't wait no midnight line for it either, though.
You didn't need to wait in a midnight line, because as I've been telling some people,
the Fry's Electronics near me, we walked in yesterday, there are 10 legendary editions
sitting on the shelf.
Yeah, I went to Fry's too, and they just had tons and tons of Halo 3, and I didn't even
get the limited edition.
I'm not that into Halo, I just got the regular game.
Yeah, they only gave us the regular game, so I don't have any of the cutscene discs
or anything else that came with it.
Well, Loki had the other one early, because he's sly like that.
Good times.
Which reminds me, I still need to load the bonus stuff that you have on your one disc,
Loki.
Don't let me forget.
Anyhow.
Well, anything else you want to share with our listeners, Bobby?
I'm glad to hear you had a good time.
Yeah, no, that's it.
You just wanted to talk about the Halo 3 launch, but really, that guy, when he touched the
bar and we just really all got pissed off at him and stuff, that just...
They didn't kick him out.
Okay, I had to hang up on Bobby, because I didn't want to hear about DDR drama.
And there is no bar raping in Halo.
Come on.
Hi, you're on Orange Launch Radio.
Who's this?
Hey, guys.
It's SSJ-100 Matt.
Well, hello, SSJ-100 Matt.
What's on your mind?
I'm exhausted from a digital life.
Dare I ask about...
I don't know.
There's no drama on this call.
Even though I judged...
Praise you.
You're a great man.
Even though what?
Even though I was helping the judge on the elephant in the room.
Okay, well, tell us about digital life, like what else you saw there and some of the other
stuff.
What else there was in digital life besides DDR?
For the most part, well, this is my first time going.
From what I understand, it was a lot smaller than last year, but gaming-wise, I had a really
good time.
They premiered a lot of games that haven't been out yet, mostly PC stuff.
I got to play World in Conflict, I should say, which I thought was pretty good.
I wanted to try to get on Hellgate London, but the line was too long for that.
And the biggest surprise, I would say, and Loki's going to hate me for this, was The
Eye of Judgment.
Really?
Another positive...
Is this a positive review of The Eye of Judgment?
You thought it was cool?
Yes.
Yeah, I don't have a PS3 yet, but I would seriously consider it.
This is not the first person that's called in to say The Eye of Judgment is better than
you think.
Actually, I was hearing some good reviews from the GameCrazy managers when they got
back from conference.
What the crap is going on?
That you don't have to photocopy or buy any booster packs or anything.
It comes with all of the cards available for the game.
But Jamie, seriously, you did see the same thing we saw at E3 last year, right?
With The Eye of Judgment?
I didn't go to The Eye of Judgment.
It doesn't come with all of the cards, because that's why they sell booster packs in assorted
decks.
No, that's what they were saying at the GameCrazy managers conference that's coming with them
all intact.
I bet you it's not.
That's from the vendor.
I'm misinformed.
That's from the vendor.
Wait, hold on.
Let's go back to the hall.
What caller?
From what I understand, from what I was told, actually Wizards of the Coast is handling
the game packs, I believe.
Well, I actually should, because they were the ones hosting the event.
But anyways, they're going to be giving out 150 cards when you buy the game, at least
that's what they say.
Well, maybe that was what it was.
Yeah, because they figured out, probably, that everyone's going to pirate them anyways,
so.
All right.
Well, actually, you know, I'm going to be sending you guys a couple gifts, and one of
the gifts is actually a couple cards from the game.
So you guys will get this checked.
Awesome.
I'm actually thinking about getting the game, honestly.
Go right ahead, it's not going to sell a million units.
I'm just not going to happen.
I think this turnaround is hilarious, in my own mind.
Well, just from what I was hearing from the feedback from the manager's conference, I
was like, well, I'll give it a try.
So maybe.
All right.
What else in digital life would you think was cool?
They touched on it before, but I really like Guitar Hero 3.
Okay.
It was kind of hard to hear any of the songs, because, you know, the whole convention itself
was loud as hell, but it just reminded me, it just seemed like a better version of one
and two.
Someone said it seems like modifiers, but there are involved, but I don't know how true
that is.
So it didn't just feel like Guitar Hero 2 with new songs?
No, it didn't seem like a copy and paste, like 80s style, or whatever, 80s mix.
Which basically was a copy and paste job, but that's a whole other story.
Yeah.
All right.
So if you had to judge digital life on a scale of one to ten, what would you give it?
Well, considering this was my first one, I'd have to give it like seven out of ten.
All right.
It's not bad.
Yeah, I'll be sending you guys out a couple of stuff, including some VROs I got from the
Elephant in the Closet.
The game we can't speak of tonight.
We're going to give it the JT treatment, I guess.
That's all right.
No, we do love DDR, which is why it pains us so much to hear about all this drama.
Can't we all just get along?
You people are playing a dancing game.
Don't take it that seriously.
All right.
Well, SJ100, Matt, we've got to let you go, but thank you so much for calling in and giving
us a drama-free report from Digital Life.
We appreciate it.
Don't mention it.
All right.
Take care, buddy.
Yep.
Take care.
I love this.
Mr. Gohan in chat sums this up perfectly.
After this, who knows?
Africa could be Loki's favorite game ever.
Only if I get to run over the animals.
All right, guys.
That's going to do it for the Sky Flying tonight.
Sorry to those folks that didn't get through, but thank you guys very much.
We've been going a long time on this segment.
It's about time to go around and wrap things up, but first, we've got to ask if there's
any last-minute stories.
No.
No.
Wow.
No last-minute stories.
That might be a first.
In other news, I like beer.
All right.
Me too.
Well, then let's go around and get everybody's final thought.
Dark Sakura, we'll start with you.
What's your final thought?
In other words, I like beer.
My final thought is I need another air conditioning event in here because it's getting too hot.
Too hot.
Loki.
My final thought is asshole Mario is hilarious.
Hilarious.
It's like you can't stop watching it.
I can't.
We'll see you back here next week, boys and girls, for Orange Launch Radio episode number
250, if you can believe it.
I'm telling you, I know how G4 is desperate for television to play all these back-to-back.
There you go.
There's a good hour block.
Isn't it a three-day weekend?
What?
Next weekend.
Is next weekend a three-day weekend?
I don't think so.
I don't know.
Unless you get Columbus Day off.
I get Columbus Day.
That's why.
Because I work for...
I think it's Columbus Day.
Because I get banking holidays.
Well, lucky you.
Not me.
I'm going to get...
I'm going to bring some Metoxa and drink it on the show.
All right.
Stay tuned and see how that goes.
We'll be back next week with more of Orange Launch Radio.
See you guys then.
Thank you for supporting independent radio.
If you like what you hear, tell two people you know about the station or give us a review
on iTunes and spread the love that is Orange Launch Radio.
Have a great week.
You've been listening to Orange Launch Radio.
Orange Launch Radio is an Orange Launch production.
For more information on our live and podcast programs, visit our website at www.orangeloungeradio.com.
See you next week.
