Orange Lounge Radio is an Orange Lounge production.
To join us for a live show, visit www.allgames.com Sunday nights at 6pm Pacific Time.
The views and opinions expressed on Orange Lounge Radio do not necessarily reflect those of the entire staff of Orange Lounge Radio or AllGames.com, but we're probably right anyway.
See you next week!
And welcome to Orange Lounge Radio, the afterbirth, where we always start off with a ritual saving of Part B, ever since the Part B to that one episode a couple weeks ago was lost forever.
Tonight on the afterbirth, sadly, I believe Jamie is leaving us.
She has another commitment she's got to get to early in the morning.
It's called work.
She did will us a cage match pick, so we'll be taking care of that for her.
But first, we have another edition of...
Secret Club Secret Club Secret Club
Meaning that if you hear it here on this program, great, you're in the know, but you don't go posting about it to websites saying, hey, I heard it on OrangeLawnTrader.com or I heard it on AllAllGames.com because we're at this point.
We used to be that way where we were like, hey, you know, it makes our EP-ness bigger when OLR brings you the exclusive.
But then we got the smackdown that one time and it's just kind of like, you know what, fuck it.
We're just going to start Secret Club and start giving out secrets.
KONAMI TITLES
And this isn't a big surprise with each year seeing a new release of certain games that we'd be seeing an announcement for something that hasn't quite been announced yet.
Brand new DDR game coming to the PlayStation 2.
Although right now the title has got me a little confused.
DDRX or Dance Dance Revolution X.
DJ Ranma S, Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
Is it their 10th release, maybe?
I don't think so.
If you add all the games together from PlayStation 1... No, because Extreme was the 8th one, and then there would have been... Extreme 2, Supernova, and Supernova 2.
Yeah.
Oh, alright.
So, I don't know.
Maybe they just ran out of funky titles for it, I guess.
Who knows?
And then Hottest Part 2, of course, because, you know...
AJ Mix says X is for 10th anniversary.
That's a good thought.
Because 98 was the first year of DDR, hence the song.
Maybe.
There you go.
Props to you, AJ.
And then Lost in Blue coming to the Wii as well.
Lost in Blue on the Wii?
So I can be bored out of my mind on the Wii too?
Yes.
and then totally on a different topic here.
Got some more news talking about the whole... Remember a while back we were talking about the whole Gibson suing Activision and Harmonix for Guitar Hero?
Well, it's interesting because people were speculating, oh, it's probably over money or something like that.
I think this might clear it up and you'd be surprised.
This is actually... This was an email that we got from...
As you may know, Activision is involved in litigation with Gibson Guitar Corporation relating to the sales of Guitar Hero games.
In connection with such, Gibson has asserted to Activision that Gibson has the exclusive right to sell Guitar Hero games to music specialty stores.
Such as Guitar Center stores Although Activision does not agree with Gibson on this issue Until this issue is resolved with Gibson, Activision is requesting that its distributors refrain from selling Guitar Hero games to any music specialty store So that sounds like it's over money After all, and not some sort of patent infringement
Well, I think we all kind of guessed that, to be honest.
I hate to say it that way, but I think we all kind of did.
But, I mean, is this really a big surprise, brand new DDR game coming out for the PlayStation 2 this year?
I mean, what, there's like one every year anyways?
I don't know.
Yeah.
If that's a surprise to you, then...
I don't know.
but typically those games though, if I remember last year, Supernova 2 and Hottest Party came out in September and then the Xbox 360 one came out in November so it might just not be announced yet, that may be too far ahead but I don't know how well they've done
All right, now with that said, I've got to find a cage match to pick.
All right, yeah, you better look for that.
Well, thank you, everybody, for participating in another week of Secret Class.
Yes, I like sharing this stuff with you guys, but I like having a job, too, so please keep it that way.
All right, so we'll see what happens.
All right, I guess at this point we do get into the cage.
Thinking I might have one more thing for Secret Club tonight.
You should play this thing that we posted.
It's that Separated at Birth, We Fit Balance Board and Aperture Science Turret.
Oh yeah, I didn't want to do it because it was audio.
Let me see if I can get that.
Let me go to the forums real quick.
It was funny.
After birth part of the show, I don't have to be as professional.
Where was it here?
Here's the show role in the Super Secret Forum.
Let's see, it was We...
Deploying.
Target lost.
Are you still there?
Hibernating.
Sounds like just another stupid Wii voice to me.
I don't know.
I don't know if I see the similarities.
But that's that.
Okay, I can give you one more thing for Secret Club.
Super Dodgeball and Virtual Console at some point in the not too distant future.
I wouldn't see that.
Why not?
Especially with River City Ransom just coming out.
That and Super Dodgeball Brawlers, I think that's what it was called.
Super Dodgeball Brawlers or something like that.
That was coming to DS at the end of next month.
Makes sense.
I'm just waiting for that Wii Fit thing in that little high-pitched voice to go, Measuring!
Measuring!
Measuring!
Measuring.
Still measuring.
Goddamn, you're fat.
Stop eating, piggy.
All right.
Let's have ourselves an OLR cage match.
The way the cage match works, three songs go in and do battle, and the winning song, well, it doesn't go into rotation anymore because it's not our station, but it does win the praise and admiration of all of our listeners, and some type of consolation prize will come up with in the future.
Meanwhile, let's discuss the three songs doing battle tonight.
It's last week's winner versus Two New People.
or songs, I should say, brought in from OLR hosts.
Last week in the Orange Launch Radio cage match, believe it or not, I won.
And I won with a little band called Spray, who was famous for the song I Am Gothic in DDR years ago.
They did a cover of the song Run With Us, which was the theme song to the raccoons, but they made it sound like initial, or not initial D, Wankia Midnight Maximum tune.
Like imagine mixing your favorite 80s cartoon
Even though the raccoon is probably top nobody's list.
With Wham Gam Midnight next to the tune.
And you get this song.
So it's all kinds of awesome.
And the chatroom voted it as their favorite too.
It's song number one tonight.
It's Spray with Run With Us.
And remember, you only get a clip because it did win last week.
That was song number one on the single, which is available on iTunes.
It's awesome.
The Raccoons, Run With Us by Sprite.
Alright, song number two tonight is brought to you by Jamie.
Even though she's not here and sadly can't take your FUs either, so off the table until next week, she thought, gee, I had so much luck with Mindless Self-Indulgence the other week, I think I'll try it again and see if lightning strikes twice.
So she brings this song to you guys tonight.
It's a song called Shut Me Up, which we've managed to do tonight by her leaving early.
Shut Me Up by Mindless Self-Indulgence.
Here it is, song number two tonight.
Song number two is Mindless Self-Indulgence with Shut Me Up.
What'd you think of that song, Loki?
I don't know.
I've listened to a few other things.
I actually had the Blender CDs at one time.
It's okay.
Some of it's alright.
But I'd like to say it's a six.
Yeah, um, I don't know, it was okay.
Um, I liked her first, the other song better, a lot better.
Maybe it was because it was a remix, I don't know.
But it did have a, it wasn't bad.
I'd probably play that in rock band once just to say I did.
So I give it like a, I'll give it a six.
Alright, Loki, song number three comes from you, and you have to remind me what the file name is called.
I can't find it.
This song is a remix of a Daft Punk song.
It's Harder, Better, Faster, Stronger, The Raindrops Edit.
And I guess it's sort of like a hardcore remix of it.
Like a little bit faster.
I don't know.
Not my type of music per se, but it was interesting.
If you don't like the Kanye West butchering of this song, then maybe you'll like this butchering of the song.
Who knows?
Daft Punk, Harder, Better, Faster, Stronger, The Raindrops Mix.
Here you go.
Song number three in tonight's cage match, Daft Punk, Harder, Better, Faster, Stronger, The Raindrops remix.
What did you think of that, Loki?
I thought it was okay.
I don't know.
I like Daft Punk, so it's a seven.
I thought it was okay too, but I kind of like the original better.
Nothing beats that Around the World song ever.
That song was the best thing ever.
Although the ones that did their live thing with those two songs combined together.
That was kind of cool.
I give that a 6 as well.
Alright, let's recap the three songs you can vote for tonight in the cage match.
And it all starts with song number one, last week's winner.
You can vote for this one.
It's song number one, Run With Us by Spray.
Song number two you can vote for tonight is Shut Me Up by Mindless Self Indulgence.
And song number three you can vote for tonight is Daft Punk with Harder, Better, Faster, Stronger, The Raindrops Mix.
All right, send your votes now.
Place vote now.
Send a private message to Sky in the chat room with your vote, and we'll tally them up here shortly and reveal a winner.
Remember, it has to be chat.orangeonradio.com.
If you're in the all games chat, I guess you could still send me a private message.
I'll still count it, but we don't really tend to watch the all games chat just because having me watch three chat rooms between that and Justin TV is a little bit much.
A little bit much.
All right.
Loki, you've got to help me fill time here, buddy, while I count votes.
We have no Jamie tonight to read FUs, so help.
I don't know.
I was just looking at something.
It's kind of weird that our page got deleted so fast on Wikipedia.
That's what I'm talking about.
They didn't even bother to do a –
I don't want to do it, but somebody should recreate it from a cache file.
But I think the problem with the old one, it sourced nothing.
So you might want to source those YouTubes that have us on the news and stuff.
And I think we were in the paper once.
I don't know if you can still get that article on the internet.
I don't know.
Yeah, they did a speedy deletion, which is meant for stuff that –
Yeah, basically, you know, pages, I'm trying to see here To be honest, it's not that much of a surprise, but it does bruise the ego a little bit, especially when it's been up there for like two years Well, and this guy, I don't know what he does, I mean, he seems to be working on stuff that's mainly just like chemical warfare and shit like that, you know, those kind of articles, like
His were, like, you know, he did beer, there's some, like, different, you know, blister agent, blood agent, um, you know, Brazilian wandering spider, just, like, all sorts of random shit.
I don't know why this guy, just wandering around Wikipedia, oh, I don't like you, delete, you know.
Go delete his shit.
I don't know.
But, whatever, I mean...
DJ Ranma S, Actdeft
Two weeks in a row.
The raccoons.
People love the raccoons.
Song number three was close.
Actually, not that close.
It only had about half the votes number one did.
Song number two kind of ate the dust of the other two songs, I'm sorry to say.
But that's what happens because Jamie wasn't here to really defend it.
And, you know, she can't tell you guys why to vote for it.
So that brings us to the very, very end.
It's just a fortune cookie message left, and we're going to call it a night here on All Games Radio.
and Orange Lounge Radio.
So we'll get to the fortune cookie message, but really quick, any last minute things we need to say?
There's no Justin TV tonight, guys.
Sorry, we don't have a game to show you tonight.
Maybe next week.
I left my Wii at work anyways.
They were wanting to see Metal Gear Online, but you're not even in that beta, are you?
I have a code.
I haven't tried it yet, though.
See, there was that story, and I forgot to read it, about people that were getting... They figured out, hey, guess what?
People are going in through the Japanese one, and they start banning people off there.
I never got an email, though, saying that my thing was...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Something to do this week.
I still have to send back one of my broken 360s to get it replaced.
I bought a label online with the security labels, and we'll put it back on there and see if they catch it.
And then I have another one I've got to sell back because we don't have six people to play anymore, so I'm going to just take it down to five.
All right.
And then I've got to get two more copies of Grand Theft Auto 4 because I'm only going to have two right now at launch because I have my pre-ordered one and then my boss pre-ordered me a special edition that they're going to pay for.
Nice.
Well, it's almost 10 o'clock or 1 a.m.
if you're on the East Coast, so I think it's time to bury this show in the ground and say we'll see you guys next week.
Here it is, your fortune cookie message of the day.
I want to be the best, the ever worst, to beat all the rest, yeah, that's my cause Electro, Diglett, Nidoran, Mankey, Benazora, Tantor, Firo, Pidgey, Sea King, Jolteon, Dragonite, Gastly, Ponyta, Vaporeon, Polymorph, Butterfree Catch em, catch em, gotta catch more, Pokemon I'll search across the land, look far and wide
Release from my hand, the power that's inside.
Phenomoth, Poliwag, Nidorino, Golduck, Hypersword, Grimer, Fixiebell, Voltrace, Nidoking, Firefetch, Abra, Jigglypuff, Kingler, Rhyhorn, Café Ball, Wigglytuff.
Catch em, catch em, gotta catch em all.
Gotta catch em all.
Pokémon!
Zubat, Primate, Meowth, Onix, Shield Dude, Rapidash, Magneton, Sparlax, Kingar, Tingala, Goldeen, Spearow, Weezing, Seal, Garrido, Slowbro!
Gotta catch em all!
Gotta catch em all!
Yeah!
Gotta catch em all, Pokemon!
Kabuto, Persian, Paras, Horsea, Raticate, Magnemite, Kadabra, Weeper!
Ditto, Cluster, Caterpie, Sandshrew, Bubbles, Archimander, Golem, Pikachu At least 150 or more to see To be a Pokemon Master is my destiny I can say I don't do a Venonat, Macho, Kangaskhan, Hypno, Electabuzz, Flareon, Blastoise, Poliwhirl, Eyedash, Trousy, Raichu, Nidoqueen, Bellsprout, Starmie
We're at the halfway point.
Doing great so far.
Lee, what's all this weak stuff?
I'm doing all the hard work.
Break time's over.
Here we go.
Metapod, Marowakakuna, Clefairy, Dodrio, Siege.
HotChop, Shelldor, Porygon, Hitmonchan!
Gotta catch'em all!
Gotta catch'em all!
Yeah!
Gotta catch'em all!
Gotta catch'em all!
Yeah!
Articuno, Jynx, Litterina, Petrie, Haunter, Squirtle, Chansey, Pokemon, Parasite, Exeggcute, Monk, Doogal, Johto, Lapras, Vulpix, Rhydon!
At least 150 are born to see, to be a Pokemon master is my destiny!
Charizard, Machamp, Pinsir, Kothi, Dutryo, Gulpat, Aryu, Magikarp, Ninetears, Deccan, Omastar, Scyther, Tentacle, Dragonair, Magmar!
Whoa, catch your breath, man, shake out those lips!
It's downhill from here, just 24 more to go!
Now it gets tricky, so listen real good!
Setslash, Hitmonlee, Psyduck, Akana, Eevee, Exeggutor, Kabuta!
We're almost home!
We're almost home!
We're almost home!
We're almost home!
We're almost home!
Starmonite, Slowbo, Pidgeot, Armbar, that's all folks!
All right, guys.
You know, that reminds me, though, because my friend Amanda is listening right now, and we were in college together, and we actually used to go to Burger King and collect the toys from the old school Pokemon because we were trying so hard to get the cool little Pikachu doll.
and little fucker never showed up.
We always got the little crappy one that looked like a turd.
It was like a cave Pokemon.
I don't remember the name of it.
I'm sure some of you hardcore people know.
I just remember collecting that stuff.
It was so funny.
And then I remember we went to go see the Pokemon first movie in the theater on the big screen when it opened.
and no one was in the theater except us because we went and saw it on a Sunday night you know this was in Chico which is a small little college town so of course all the little kids were in bed so it was fun good times Misty says the Kabuto toy that's probably it that's probably it alright that's really really gonna do it everybody's gone but me now at Orange Laundry that's really gonna do it we're gonna go back now to the official Hall of Games radio rotation
Have a great night and we'll see you next time here on All Games Radio.
The next live show is All Games Interactive tomorrow morning so rest well.
The chaos begins at 10 a.m.
Pacific.
Have a good night.
Thank you for watching!
Music Music Music Music
Thank you for watching!
Thank you for watching
Thanks for watching!
