This is your host, DarkSakura, Sky and Loco.
Tonight April 13, 2008, Brazil bans a popular video game, could BBC show soon be coming
to the Nintendo Wii?
And we interview Fards, the creator of Rom Check Fail.
This is Orange Lounge Radio.
Hello everybody out there on the internet and welcome to another week of Orange Lounge
Radio.
A very special week for us here at Orange Lounge Radio.
That's right, it's the first week of us live and exclusive on AllGames.com.
The old chapter of our Orange Lounge Radio feed on Live 365 closed as of yesterday and
now we're on our new home at AllGames.com so a big hello to all of our new live listeners
that we've got over at AllGames.com and hello to those of you still joining us, be it through
the podcast feed or our old OLR faithful or what be you.
Remember, you can always join our chat room to interact with the show.
Just a quick footnote for the live folks, it is a different chat room than AllGames
usually uses.
You're going to want to head over to chat.orangeloungeradio.com or if you're already on the Game Surge
Network, you're going to want to use channel Orange Lounge.
Alright let's go ahead and introduce the cast.
My name is Rob Roberts but joining me as always, say hello to talk to me about the gaming news
and make fun of it, DarkSakura, Jamie Summers.
Hi.
When it deserves to be made fun of, correct?
Or even when it doesn't.
Alright, sounds good.
I'm an equal opportunity make fun of her.
Sounds good.
How are you doing, DarkSakura?
Meaty.
Alright.
I'm meaty today.
Did you get your pastrami today?
I have my pastrami.
I have the ferret too.
Very nice.
Too much to Bobby's dismay, you do have the ferret here in the studio with us joining
us.
Also joining us, say hello to the one and only tech master, Loki.
Hello.
How you doing, Loki?
Alright.
And you're full of pizza, if I'm not mistaken.
Uh, yeah, breadsticks and stuff.
Yeah, when you came walking up to the door you had like two pizza boxes, I'm like damn
Loki, you're fat.
Fat with a pH, Loki.
You know I love ya.
But no, it was one pizza and one thing of breadsticks.
By the way, we here at OLR, for those of you on all games who haven't heard our show before,
we like food almost as much as we like video games.
So there you have it.
I especially like video games about food.
Like cooking mama.
You know how some people say that they like to, you know, watch porn while they do it?
I like to eat food while I'm playing video games about food.
So while you're like playing cooking mama, do you actually cook things that you're cooking
in cooking mama?
No, however, it did inspire me to try to make one of the dishes once.
We should try that one night.
We should do some, you know, cooking mama, like for reals.
The instructions in that game are actually semi-realistic, given that those are, a lot
of those dishes are stuff I make anyway, because I'm an awesome cook.
And so humble.
I know, I am, but it's the same type of thing, you know, the same situation, you know, to
watch something and then, you know, participate, sort of.
Well, we have a cooking mama related story tonight as well.
We do.
Sort of, distantly, but it is a cooking mama related thing.
We'll get into that later.
Also tonight we have Farbz, but you know him as the man behind Rom Check Fail, which was
written by one man.
We'll tell you more about that a little bit later on in the program.
Also, we're live and streaming on Justin TV, if you want to see our ugly mugs on the cam.
We're over there at Justin TV, Orange Lounge Radio.
But we're going to start off tonight's show as we always do, talking a little bit about
our gaming weeks.
How was your gaming week, Dark Sakura?
It was meaty, no.
So meaty.
Now, my gaming week was actually, I know I always say it's pinball oriented, but this
week was especially pinball oriented.
Because Dan is hosting his pinball group gathering tonight.
Hence another reason why I, you know, feel very blessed to be here tonight.
So I had to be around loud stranger men that I don't know.
Anyway, so a lot of the week was actually spent testing out after shopping out some
of the tables.
We've had his friend Will's Judge Dredd torn apart all over our garage right now and they
just put it back together today and I hate that table.
Anyway, we also went to one of our local used movie CD places called Dimple and we almost
picked up some 7800 games.
But then we remembered that we probably already owned them.
Because the way you know that you have too much in your collection is when you have to
actually stop and ask yourself, do I own this or even worse, how many copies of this do
I already have?
I've come home with a game for Dan and now the unique thing about it is that I did have
the manual in the box.
It's a 5200 game.
We had three other copies of it.
You need to get one of those little personal organizers just for your video game collection
so you can actually pull up an Excel spreadsheet on the go.
Do I have this game?
Does it have the manual with it?
Yes or no?
That's a pretty hardcore video game collector.
We actually did have a list like that for a while and then I think we lost it in a computer
crash and then we just were sort of like, you've seen our vault.
We have an entire room dedicated to the collection and it's sort of overwhelming now.
Actually a lot overwhelming.
Have you ever thought like, one of these days we just need to get rid of this shit.
We need to call the 1-800 got junk people or whatever it is.
Bite your tongue.
Ow.
It has been bitten.
Dan has said that we should get rid of some of it and I'm like, you touch that collection
I kill you and then when you're dead it's all mine.
He'll divorce him when he's dead and then take over the collection.
Well when he's dead I'm actually putting him in his Mustang driving it off a cliff and
exploding it in mid-air.
That's what he wants.
I am the best wife ever.
Something tells me you're out of video games to talk about so we're going to move over
to, now she's like talking about these Thelma and Louise inspired things, I don't know,
so we're going to go over.
What's this idea?
Loki.
Do I want to buy a Virtual Boy system?
That's what I need to know.
Yes, you do want a Virtual Boy system.
How much do they want for it?
$75.
No, actually wait I'm sorry I read that wrong.
I would be about $84.
Is that something you're looking at on eBay right now or something?
Yes.
Well now that you just said that on air everybody else is going to go look that up and jack
the price up.
Let's buy it now.
Oh, buy it now.
I don't know, it's a piece of gaming history.
I have the Vectrex too and I can't turn it, see I want a game system that I can leave
running on my desk all day long so people can come and play it but the Vectrex makes
it really loud like the entire time that it's going so that and there's no real like demo
loop or anything it just keeps playing the game over and over until you actually touch
it.
Isn't that a demo loop?
No, because you have to play in other words you keep dying because there's no demo loop
but.
Have you ever thought of actually just like building like a mock cabinet and having to
something that cycles like an emulator?
No, I don't want to build a cabinet for my desk because I think they'd be like what the
hell's that?
In the office.
It's my new arcade cabinet.
Don't touch my arcade cabinet.
No, but actually stuff that I played this week.
I was going to say, you know, we here on Orange Launch Radio, we like to stay on the current
news too, not just, you know, Virtual Boys and Atari 7800s, have you been playing like
360, Wii, any of that stuff?
This week I've only played two things, unfortunately.
First one of course is multiplayer Saints Rokes.
We're still playing that damn game until we can get Grand Theft Auto IV, which I did find
out today, well not today, but earlier this week that my boss is going to buy me a special
edition of Grand Theft Auto IV, so that's awesome, but at the same time I already preordered
another one just because, you know, we're going to need some for multiplayer.
And I think I need about two to three more copies on top of those too, so five somewhere
around there.
That reminds me I still have to fix my other 360.
And then, other than Saints Row, I did play Mario Kart Wii, a lot of Mario Kart Wii, in
fact I've already finished 50cc and 100cc, of course imported from the UK.
And well, what can I say about the game, it's Mario Kart.
I like some of the new levels that are in there, I think they're really cool.
The only thing that, a couple gripes I have about the game, some of the levels that they
chose, like the classic levels, are kind of stupid choices.
They're not, well Rainbow Road's kind of annoying, but you know, that's just Rainbow Road, but
a lot of the like, especially even the battle modes, like the battle courses that they chose
are just kind of crappy.
Which Rainbow Road did they bring over?
They have the new Rainbow Road, there is no older one.
And it's annoying.
Well Rainbow Road always is.
No, but like some of the battle courses that they brought over, they brought over like,
I don't know, just some of the lamest ones from the other games.
And I really think they could have chose some better tracks as well from like the classic
stuff.
Because there's a lot that just kind of resemble other tracks in the game that are already
there.
I mean there's three tracks that are kind of like the Donkey Kong, what was it, the
one from Double Dash.
They're kind of like that, where you have the giant cannon that launches you to the
top of the track and you race down back to the cannon and stuff.
So it's alright.
Some other weird gripes about it.
Battle mode is only team based.
You cannot play against, you know, individual people.
What?
Yeah.
You can only play against, you have to be on one team or the other.
So if you have three people or four people and you want to battle each other, well you
can't.
You have to be on two man teams.
That sucks.
Yeah, it's retarded.
I wonder why they did that.
You would think that's something that, you know, doesn't take a whole lot of extra programming.
Oh yeah.
It's lazy.
That's all it is.
Interesting.
That's a weird change.
Yeah.
So that sucks.
Other than that though, you can customize a lot of stuff in there, like different item
drops.
But, you know, I tried some of the ones that drop like the really supposedly big items,
like the more powerful items more frequently versus the normal drops and I didn't notice
a difference.
So I don't know.
It's not very useful.
But tried online a little bit.
I was hardly able to get into any games right now.
Online is kind of crappy as far as connecting to a game, but once you're in the game, it's
fine.
I like the way that they have it where you pick courses and stuff.
You basically choose a course that you want, then the computer randomly selects which player's
choice gets picked and stuff.
So that's kind of neat.
Now obviously you have no friends to play against right now, right?
So you're just playing the...
I'm just playing against random people worldwide.
And it's working okay?
I'm surprised there's enough people on there.
But I guess since the game's...
No, there's a ton of people on there.
Since the game's out in the UK and stuff.
It's out in the UK and Japan already.
Two-thirds of the world has it, but just not the US yet.
But yeah, it's okay.
I'm not very good at...
I like playing as Yoshi or the medium karts, so it's not very fast and I get beat pretty
quick sometimes.
But I like the tracks.
Some of the meat integration in the game is pretty funny, especially there's a mall level
that you play in.
And there's a bunch of signs and stuff that are all throughout the mall with different
Miis on there.
And it's randomly selected each time you play the game.
So there was one that I was driving through the very first time I played at the mall.
My Chuck Norris Mii was on the coffee.
There's a coffee advertisement.
And then there's another one with Jesus on there.
And then later on in the level you saw Hitler driving a car and stuff.
Just absolutely funny stuff.
Nice.
And there's Goat Say Mii driving a car one time, but for some reason it likes selecting
Saddam and Hitler Miis.
I don't know why, but I see them the most frequent.
Did you get the Bobby Black Wolf Mii to show up at some point?
Like, you know, Saddam, Hitler, and Bobby Black Wolf all driving cars with the Goat
Say?
Goat Say Man?
You know, he might have been in there somewhere, but I don't remember exactly what his Mii
looks like, so I have to see.
It looks like him, dummy!
Well, I know it looks like him, duh, but I have a ton of Miis and, you know, they all
kind of look similar to different things, so, you know, it's hard to pick out.
I'm like, is that Rob, or is that Shane?
I'm not sure, you know.
Well, let's get this thing.
Shane, black hair, Rob, reddish-brown hair.
It's not that hard.
Well, you're driving my stuff really fast, okay?
You can't just, like, stop and, like, hmm.
I think that my Mii is very recognizable, but then again she's also scowling.
Yeah, yeah.
I love Dark Soccer's Mii.
Her Mii was in a car one time, so that was funny.
Dark Soccer's Mii always looks angry, because she picked the little pointy eyebrows to make
her look mad all the time, which is great.
So yeah, you can play the game, and then eventually you unlock the Mii, the drive S, which, here's
my other gripe, and I haven't, I could be wrong about this, but I haven't tried multiplayer
with it yet.
In single player, when you're playing as the Mii character, you can't select which Mii
it uses.
It's only the one that you assign to your license.
So you can't swap it between other things, which is another lazy thing that they've done.
And it also has the most retarded voice I've ever heard for a character.
It's like a retarded Mario voice.
It's like, ehhhhh.
It's like, what the hell is that?
It sounds like goat boy Mii or something.
What the hell is that?
I don't know, but hopefully...
Can you make that sound again for us?
Ehhhhh.
There you go.
So I don't know.
I like the game.
I like it a lot better than Smash Brothers, but I love Mario Kart, so what can I say?
Well Bobby is in chat right now at chat.orangelaundry.com, defending himself a little bit.
We'll let him have the first comment on allgames.com, because he is the show that precedes us after
all over on allgames.com, Bobby Black Wolf Show, which starts an hour before we do here
on allgames.com.
He says, my Mii looks like Jesus to some people, so maybe when you were driving by really fast,
what actually you thought was Jesus was just Bobby.
It could have been.
Possibly.
Looking at some other comments, some folks were talking about Mario Kart Double Dash,
because not everybody's played Mario Kart Wii yet, obviously, so it's been inspiring
some talk about Mario Kart Double Dash, and Osfer speaking up for Double Dash, saying
Double Dash was some fun shit, and Sephiroth1215 saying, yeah, see, I really don't understand
why people don't like Double Dash.
It was okay.
It's just, okay.
The thing I didn't like about Double Dash is the battle mode really sucked.
Like the levels that they made for it just awful.
And even some of the levels in, oh that's the other thing too about, and I, you know,
I don't remember the other Mario games too well, the Mario Kart games, but from what
I remember before, you didn't have a point limit or a time limit, so in the battle mode
this time, you have a three minute time limit for each game that you play.
You can't just keep playing until, you know, someone loses, which is kind of lame.
And when you lose all your balloons, you just get them all back, and it just keeps counting
more scores, so the balloons are kind of pointless too.
Interesting.
Yeah.
But I like what they've done with the levels, like where you can go up like half pipes almost
and do tricks and stuff.
That's pretty cool.
And there are some, you know, neat things.
The motorcycles I don't really dig very much.
I think that's kind of a dumb addition, and I tried playing it the steering wheel method,
and I hate it.
It's awful.
But the good news is though, for those that may have heard different stories claiming
otherwise, the classic controller and the GameCube controller are not gimped in any
way whatsoever, so you can play them just fine with it.
Really?
In fact, I use the classic controller.
But I mentioned there's got to be a huge difference between using an analog stick to control something
and using the motion.
There's got to be a huge difference.
Yeah.
I don't like the motion at all.
Interesting.
And doing all the gestures that do different things, it's not very fun, so I prefer the
classic controller of the GameCube.
Okay, so to kind of sum up this game review here that you're ending up giving us on Mario
Kart Wii, what would you say?
Is it better than Double Dash?
Are fans of Mario Kart going to like it?
Do you recommend it?
Yeah, I'd say it's better than Double Dash because it doesn't have two characters anymore
and that kind of is stupid in the first place.
And they killed Toadette off, hopefully.
Yeah, I think so.
I can't stand Toadette.
Toadette sucks.
Definitely, if you like Mario Kart, you're going to like this game.
The fact that it has online is going to be pretty cool.
There has been some cheating online, but we'll get into that a little bit later.
Thankfully they fixed that.
But I don't know, overall it's a pretty cool game.
I just wish there were some better tracks.
Some of the classic tracks that they picked were kind of stupid.
Just like kind of, well this track's easy, the remake, so let's just pick this one instead
of actually picking good tracks.
That's my only gripe.
But other than that, it is an awesome game.
Alright.
Well, moving on to my gaming week, I was just bitching at Loki for talking about classics
too much, but that's actually kind of what I ended up playing this week because if you
were listening last week, you know I've been sick for a little while now and I was actually
at my parents' house this week recovering.
And so there are no video games in my parents' place and I lost my freaking DS charger.
And here's the weird thing.
Do you know that Target and Walmart, both those stores, they do not carry DS chargers.
They carry the car chargers, but they don't carry the ones you can plug in the wall.
And I wasn't able to convince them to take me over to a GameStop or whatever, so I was
just like, alright, so I'm just gonna, I guess, watch TV.
And then it dawned on me, even though my parents, they only have a 56.6K dial-up connection
to the internet.
Oh my god, so slow.
When you're spoiled with broadband.
But they have the 56.6K connection to the internet.
I downloaded emulators.
And so I went to town on some Super Nintendo games I'd missed and the one I probably played
the most of was Soul Blazer.
I don't know if you guys remember this game at all.
It was kind of in that same series-ish that Illusion of Gaia and Terranigma and some of
these other games were.
I remember.
Soul Blazer was like the first in that game by Enix, you know, way back in the day.
Basically you could kind of call it a Zelda-ish type of game.
You go in these action stages and as you kill these monsters that come out of the lair,
you free souls that might unlock something in the town.
But the towns and the dungeons are sort of related.
So like, you know, like in the dungeon, for instance, there's one part where an elevator
is broken and it doesn't work.
Well you have to release the soul of the man who runs the water well to get him to start
the water well again so the elevator works.
There's weird little connections like that.
But the game has a surprising amount of depth to it with the story for a Super Nintendo
game.
I'm reviewing a classic, but it is one of my all-time favorite Super Nintendo games.
Because in the story, the hero can talk to, he's kind of like a servant of God, quote
unquote, whatever you want to call it, and he can talk to dogs and cats and goats and
plants the same way that he talks to humans.
So it's very interesting the way they've written the story.
Do you know the cleric?
Sort of, but I don't think that's what he's called in the game.
He's just a hero is what he's called.
He's a goat whisperer.
Well in my game, he was called Butters because you can name him whatever you want, so I named
him Butters because I like that name.
So yeah, so I played a lot of Soul Blazer this week.
And otherwise, as far as newer games go, I went back to an MMO this week that I haven't
played in a while.
I hope it's not Final Fantasy XI.
It is not Final Fantasy XI.
But you would still be surprised.
You know what MMO I played this week that I haven't played?
PSN Blue Burst?
Close.
Phantasy Star Universe.
Julie said she saw you on.
Yep, I played Phantasy Star Universe for a little while.
She came over to show me the free server she's playing on for Blue Burst.
Sega apparently is cool with people being on the free servers now and has character
transfer tools.
Dang, that's kind of rad.
Yeah.
That's nice of them.
But she said she saw you on.
Yes.
Rob's playing PSU again?
Cool.
I need to play with him.
I actually downloaded the expansion, the Ambition of the Illuminous, or whatever it's called.
I've always jokingly called it the abortion of the Illuminous.
Well not on Xbox 360.
You can't get it.
Really?
I could have gotten it free for free.
Alright, that's alright.
I got it anyway.
I haven't gotten to explore it a whole lot, but I will say this.
I've kind of enjoyed the way that the online story, because the game's changed a lot since
I last, because I played for about a month after it first came out, and then I just stopped
because I was kind of getting old.
It felt like the same grind over and over, but they've really expanded a story that begins
on the disc of the game, Phantasy Star Universe, is this very anime style story with this grand
introduction and everything.
The neat thing about PSU is that it keeps expanding the story on in the online mode,
so you literally start chapter two or the second series online, and it's a continuation
of the first series.
And then this whole Ambition of the Illuminous is the third series, and it even comes with
its own cutscenes, new introduction, and all this other cool stuff.
So I thought it was kind of interesting.
I have not yet though gotten the mag and all this other stuff that supposedly PSU is bringing
back some of the old school stuff from Phantasy Star Online, but I'm not that far enough yet.
They've got the original four stages too.
I know that the people that are probably, if you're looking to play this game and you
haven't done it yet, it's like 20 bucks now.
It's very cheap.
And Rob, kaths can use four skills now.
It's about time.
Speaking of crack that I used to be on gaming-wise, speaking of Final Fantasy XI as well, I also
noticed, I didn't realize this came out, there's a new combo disc that came out for the Xbox
360 that combines Final Fantasy XI and every single expansion, including the new Wings
of the Goddess, only $29.99 on Xbox 360.
Not too bad of a deal, I got to say, if you want to get sucked into that crack.
So you have several MMO crack things to choose from on the Xbox 360.
All right, that's going to do it for our gaming week.
That was quite a bit tonight, but we had a lot of games to talk about.
Let's talk about some housekeeping news.
Of course, last night the plug was pulled on our Live 365 feed.
It's no longer there.
Gaming and Live 365, oh my god.
I wrote them a cancellation email a week ago.
You're supposed to give them three business days to cancel, right?
I wrote them an email a week ago, no response.
Wrote them a second notice, like Thursday or Friday, no response.
Guess who charged my card today?
The butt heads.
This is a fun ever start.
I'll keep you guys posted next week, what happens with that?
We might have to get nasty if things keep going down this route, because essentially
they've taken money from me that I didn't pay for.
It's kind of pissing me off.
Call your bank and stop payment.
So hello to AllGames.com, our new home, which has deducted no money from my bank account
this week, thankfully, because there are great people over at AllGames.com who aren't sucking
my money away, and they're friends, and we definitely urge you to check out the programming
that's at AllGames.com.
They have something new every night.
They re-air a bunch of podcasts that go on throughout the week.
Some of them have their debut on All Games Radio, so check that out.
We debut, of course, Sunday nights before us, Bobby Black Wolf.
In the morning times, All Games Interactive is on like every day, Monday through Friday.
So that shows on, I think, like 10 a.m., 11 a.m., and they go through most of the morning,
which would be actually early afternoon for the East Coast folks, so it really works out
great for the East Coast folks who have to stay up really late to listen to us.
And again, we want to remind you, we have a special guest tonight, Farbz of Romcheck
Fail fame, and if you like Orange Lounge Radio, you want to get to know us a little better,
join our social networking.
That's right.
We're MySpace whores just like everybody else, and Facebook and all that other stuff.
Our MySpace is MySpace.com slash Orange Lounge Radio.
We also have a live journal community at Orange Lounge, no radio, and Facebook.
Just search for OL Army, and you can add us on all those sites, and stay tuned with all
the news, and when we shift networks and all that stuff, you'll be on top of things and
know where to catch us.
Apparently, the chat room is loving the new sound, by the way, because our feed now is
96k, so it's a lot clearer, the feed, than the 64k we were on with Live 365, so they're
really happy with that.
And I think our podcast listeners are going to notice we also changed the audio on the
podcast to be similar to what we're broadcasting at now, so it's going to be a whole new sound.
That's okay, Rob.
I'll just talk like this.
We'll ruin the audio quality of the show this way.
Yeah, we'll just do it this way.
Alright, how about you get into some great new news tonight, will ya, ladies and gentlemen?
Anyways, let's see.
So this week, the publisher of Famitsu Magazine thinks that they have an idea of what may
be happening in E3 this year, one of the announcements.
Their guess is that Nintendo is going to be announcing yet another revision of the DS,
and their thinking behind this is because the timing seems to be right.
Apparently, every two years or so is when they revise their portable systems.
So for example, there is the 1996 Game Boy Pocket, and then in 98 there was the Game
Boy Color, and then of course in 2001 there was the Game Boy Advance, in 2003 there was
the Game Boy Advance SP, in 2004 there was DS, and then in 2006 there was DS Lite, so
2008, obviously since the DS is doing extremely well, they wouldn't probably introduce a new
system, but maybe another revision, maybe a yet slimmer and something with storage that
could possibly download something off the Virtual Console or something like that.
The DS Micro.
Who knows?
Or maybe they'll just do nothing and won't they feel stupid.
Okay, so in other words, Famitsu Magazine is basically saying this, Nintendo likes to
redo shit and make you buy it all over again, all the time.
So 2008 will be nothing new, is essentially what they're saying, and this is news how?
I don't know.
It's news because, I don't know, because we're talking about E3, and people like talking
about E3.
Odd1 says, but this time it's got, what the hell else can they do to this thing other
than make it smaller or give it storage?
Ah, there's a thought.
What about turning the DS a little bit PSP-ish, where, hey, not only is it a DS, but it plays
MP3s and it has scheduling things.
I would refuse to buy one if it does that.
Or here's something...
Wait, wait.
I gotta know this.
Why is that?
Because it's the same reason why I'm not too fond of the PSP.
It's got way too much shit in it.
If I want to play a game, I want a system that plays a game.
I have an iPhone already, hello?
I have to be honest.
That's kind of one thing I like about the PSP is that it's a little bit of everything.
You know what I mean?
I think it's kind of neat.
If you want your video game system to have everything, then that's fine.
If that's what you want.
But for me personally, because I already have the means to do all this other stuff, I really
just want my system to play my video games.
Here's something, a thought, and I could see this happening more than I could see, say,
a new system coming out.
Maybe an expansion that would plug into the bottom of the Game Boy Advance slot or whatever,
and you would plug in your SD memory card because, guess what, you have an SD memory
card slot on your Wii and so maybe this, I don't know, device or whatever that you plug
into the bottom, that is flashable and that you can have firmware upgrades to and whatnot
to allow it to play, like say, emulate different games like the Virtual Console or stuff like
that or WiiWare or something like that.
I could see that happening because that would be a little easier.
They can't just get rid of, like if they make it any slimmer, they're going to get rid of
the Game Boy Advance slot, then you're going to have stuff that uses it, like say Guitar
Hero on Tour, I don't know if they're going to screw that over because that would be good
for them, they can't get rid of the Game Boy Advance slot just yet.
It's an interesting thought, but why would they do this when they could release games
on the, I mean they did this for the Game Boy Advance, they released their classic series
games.
Remember the classic series games that came out on the Game Boy Advance?
Like you could get classic Donkey Kong or classic Metroid even though you could unlock
it in another game, right?
You get these classic games and they were charging like $19.99 for them.
So why would they give you a device where you could get all this shit basically for
free from the Virtual Console when they could recharge for it and people would buy it?
Well, because I don't think people would buy it.
I think people would rather have a service available where they can download all these
games, and I think you get a lot more people downloading games, it's a lot easier to download
games on the Virtual Console and pay a lot more money that way.
That also saves them packaging, they don't have to press any of these stupid cartridges.
I think the packaging and stuff, that would save them a lot of money, and it doesn't really
cost them anything to transfer a file.
It's just, you know, basically what they're gonna probably want to do is prevent people
from pirating this stuff, and that's about it.
Because, you know, right now with those other SD memory card things, yeah, you can pirate
games like, you know, no end, but they'd have to create something that you wouldn't be able
to do that.
Well we'll see what happens.
And besides, think of all the other things you could do, I mean, it's essentially just
like that PlayOn thing that they have available now, you could use it as Game Boy, you know,
not necessarily for Virtual Console games and stuff like that, MP3s, you can use it
for like maybe small media files, you know, playing a really, really, really low res movie
or something like that, you know, like think, I don't know, your cartoons.
They had that on the Game Boy Advance, remember those?
They still sell those at like Walmart and stuff, you can get the couple episodes of
Kim Possible or whatever on an Advance cart, and you can watch those movies.
Or, you know, just like an iPod, you know, Nano or something like that with a tiny ass
screen on it, you know, you can do something like that.
As long as it shuts the kids up in the backseat of the car, right?
Exactly.
Well this is something that will shut a lot of people up for a while, it's Final Fantasy
4, and the reason why I say that is because once you start playing this game, you get
sucked into it for a while.
It's a pretty epic RPG, one of my favorites on the Super Nintendo.
I can't wait to play the new version on the DS, and we talked about this a little bit
last week, and this is a bit of a follow-up, is that there was a rumor that Final Fantasy
4 was, yes, it's going to be North American bound because it showed up on the cover, Nintendo
Power and all this stuff, well Squeenix confirmed it this week, Final Fantasy 4 will be coming
out July 22nd in North America, which is a little bit off from the date I seem to recall
Loki mentioning.
Well, they revised it, bumped it up a week.
All because of you, probably, right?
Yeah.
Just kidding.
It is, of course, Final Fantasy 4 with some graphical upgrades, they also have, get this
fully voiced cutscenes and other added content, so that's going to be interesting, this whole
mini movie thing.
And then my mistake from last week, it wasn't Dragon Quest V, it was Dragon Quest IV.
Oh, okay.
That is also on its way, but that's secret type thing, right?
Shhh.
Secret.
Secret.
Okay.
All right, so we'll see what happens next from Squeenix, I guess that's probably why
this game has taken a long time to come out from Japan to the US is because they're having
to redo the voices now too, which I'm sure can't be an easy thing on the DS because then
they have to go basically remake the whole cartridges and all that, so please voice acting,
don't suck in this, please do not ruin my fond fond memories of Final Fantasy 4 or I'll
cry.
I don't know why they can't leave it intact.
But no.
But no.
Maybe the classic version will be in there somewhere, I don't know.
One can hope.
Well, at any rate, something else that has made a lot of people on the internet go Squee,
is a, but not Squeenix, okay, is a strong bad game coming to WiiWare, and I am very
happy about this.
Did you watch the trailer?
I have not seen the trailer yet, remember I was on 56.6K most of the week.
The trailer is hilarious, but there is a game coming out called Strong Bad's Cool Game for
Attractive People.
Which is, yeah.
Aw, I'm sorry, Loki, you can't play.
That's alright.
Or if you're, you know, super cool, as the trailer says, it's SBCG for AP.
So yeah.
But anyway, it's gonna be episodic games, gonna be out starting in June.
Being put out by Telltale Games, and it's five episode season, and it will be out once
a month.
And they're the ones that did the Sam and Max games.
Are they?
Interesting.
Speaking of which, that's Sam and Max for the Wii, that's season one.
Only.
Only season one.
Oh, thank you for the update.
Appreciate it.
But it should be reasonable.
Well there's gonna be a, the trailer is actually posted in our chat room right now, chat.orangelaunchvideo.com
from Tigerclaw, found it on YouTube and dug that up.
Going back to the last story, because there was a lot of comments from the voice chat
on Final Fantasy IV, going back to some comments from our chat room.
Let's see, Jonathan F. is fantasizing Final Fantasy VI with voices, because you would
have the opera scene with singing.
Celeste would actually sing the opera.
That could be, that could be, go either way.
That could be really good or really bad.
Well like, they could do it like, Dear Friends.
If they get real people to do it, yeah, well remember when we went to, it was More Friends,
not Dear Friends, but More Friends.
They did the opera live.
And it, it wasn't bad.
It was actually really good.
FootyMonster is happy about the cutscenes.
He says, voice cutscenes are awesome.
I'm very happy about this.
RawsteelUT, not so happy.
He says, voices on the DS?
That's gonna be massive compression.
But he says, ooh, Dragon Quest IV.
ShadowSlayer thinks it could be good if they get good voice actors.
Odd1 says, it's dependent on how big the card for the game is.
And Zeppelin says, why can't they put one to two gigabyte in a DS card?
I'm pretty sure they can, can't they?
I think they can.
Yeah, why not?
If your camera can fit like two gigabytes, I'm sure those DS cards can crank in like
four gigabytes on those cards.
You'd probably get some pretty massive games on there.
So.
Yeah.
So this is another rumor.
Oh, I'm sorry, was there more on the Strong Bad stuff?
I had more to say.
Oh, sure, sure.
But that's okay.
Well, there's nobody in chat commenting on it either.
What do you guys think of the Strong Bad game?
Oh, BlackWolf says the Strong Bad game is also coming to the PC.
So if you don't want to download that on the Wii, you can also get it on the PC.
Well, I was going to say the type of game is a 3D point, to actually quote a quote from
Strong Bad, okay, it is a puffy 3D point-and-click-em-up adventure.
You need to do it in the Strong Bad voice.
No.
Dan can do the Strong Bad voice.
I cannot.
You can turn the light switch on or off.
That's all I remember.
All right.
I did not install it so you could have a light switch rave.
What do you think?
Winner or sellout?
Winner!
Winner?
I hope so.
It all depends on the game.
But that's hopeful if it's the same folks that did Sam and Max, so we'll see.
Another game that hopefully will be coming soon, Elibits 2.
And of course, this is coming from the latest issue of the official Nintendo magazine, reporting
that Elibits 2 will be due out on the Wii later this year, which is odd because I thought
it was supposed to be due out on the DS later this year.
Either way, it'll be coming to a Nintendo system this year probably, and hopefully won't
be just mediocre like the last game.
I kind of like the last game with the level designs and stuff like that.
The last game was kind of neat, but there was something about it that didn't keep me
there long-term, you know what I mean?
I don't know if I just felt like there wasn't a lot to keep me going in that game, you know
what I mean?
Which is odd to say because there was the level editor and those things like that, but
I don't know.
It just kind of seemed like the game got kind of old.
The formula to the game got a little bit old to me, so hopefully they'll have some.
I mean, but think about how far the Wii has progressed since Elibits was...
It wasn't in the launch, but it was right after, right?
Didn't Elibits come out right after launch?
It was one of the first major games to come out after launch.
Now they have a lot more they can play with.
I'm sure technologies have come along and developed in the Wii games as well as online
possibly, which could be interesting.
I don't know what they could do with a DS version of the game, because a lot of that
game required you to be able to pull on the remote and twist it and stuff like that.
It'd be hard not to have that depth sensing that the Wii version had in the DS version.
Some comments from chat on Elibits, Sephiroth1215 not happy from this.
Ah no, I hate Elibits, and RawsteelUT says, it's Elibits, no one cares.
Frisbee wants to mention that it was a launch title in Japan.
Qualtippo says, Elibits seemed good at the time, but no staying power though.
And Gerardimo says, Elibits was good and innovative, just shallow.
That might actually be a good way of phrasing it.
But I don't know.
I mean, you really want to appreciate Elibits, but I don't know, it just kind of got old
quick.
Chat.orangelaunchradio.com if you want to join in the fun here on this Sunday night.
Remember we are on a new network, allgames.com.
At this time we're not, it's just too much to read the All Games chat and the Orange
Lounge chat and we have people chatting on Justin.TV as well who thinks I'm neglecting
them over on Justin.TV.
I'm not, it's just a lot to read and try to do a show at the same time and bring you more
gaming news like this one about the white GameCube controller.
That's right, there is a white GameCube controller coming out a little later this year if you
live in Japan.
That's the problem.
It's only going to come out for those of you guys in Japan.
It's a little weird though that this is just now coming out.
It's a white GameCube controller to match the Wii basically.
It is the same color as the Nintendo Wii.
And it's coming out for the games that will support the GameCube controller such as Super
Smash Brothers and now Mario Kart Wii we know is going to support the GameCube controller.
So there's a, this is going to be coming out in Japan.
But the odd thing is, why not a Wavebird controller that would make so much more sense because
the Wavebird was pretty awesome.
I don't know if it's a cost thing or what.
But who knows if this will be coming out here.
It's actually a lot sooner than later this year.
That is coming out later this month according to Nintendo of Japan's website.
So pretty cool.
I don't know, do you think they ought to bring Wavebirds, white Wavebirds to the Wii?
Or does it matter because if you didn't buy one-
There are Wavebirds?
Because there already are Wavebirds and if you weren't-
But they don't make them anymore.
So?
So you're basically saying screw you to everyone who didn't get one like me.
I can bring them over.
You suck.
But honestly, and I'll tell you this, remember when they came out with those different colored
controllers for the GameCube?
Well GameStop and a few other retailers were getting shipments of them.
They were even selling the spice color, the orange one basically, that we didn't technically
get a release of over here.
So I actually wouldn't be too surprised to see it at GameStop, GameCrazy, any of your
actual retailers.
And they actually get hori items too, to sell.
You sometimes see these little random import things too at random stores.
Just kind of have to look around.
You know what I mean?
So our oddest find as far as import anything went at actual GameStop was buying Capcom
Classic Collection Volume 2, which was the Ghosts and Goblins, the Makaimura, Daimakaimura.
But it never came out here, right?
No, we never got that collection.
We got the Japanese one at a GameStop in Hilltop Mall.
Several people in chat, by the way, mentioning that the Wavebirds did not have rumble.
Perhaps that's the reason Nintendo is deciding not to do it.
Because Sony learned the hard way, you gotta have rumble.
Rumble is not so last gen, as they tried to say at E3 a couple years ago.
They learned the hard way.
So maybe that's why.
But why, I mean, is a Wavebird with rumble that hard to do?
I mean is it?
I don't know.
Maybe it's just me.
It's impossible.
If the Xbox 360 wireless can do rumble, I would think.
Maybe it's just me.
It's not that hard.
I didn't think so.
I mean, I'm not even, no, no, no, no, no.
Alright, moving on.
I can't fathom why they think it'd be difficult, but anyway, for our Squenix fans out there,
and actually for anyone who is a fan of the manga series Soul Eater, there is going to
be a Soul Eater RPG out on the Wii, put out by Squenix.
And if you don't know anything about Soul Eater, there's a Wikipedia article, so enjoy.
But it will be coming to the US, and actually, my apologies, it's so far listed as Japan
only and I don't think it's going to be coming out anywhere else.
So.
I mean, because honestly, it has, I don't even think the Soul Eater manga's come out
over in the US, has it?
You're asking the wrong guy when it comes to manga.
The whole point of the, I guess, manga is that these people are going to this technical
school to make weapons and have to make this one weapon out of 99 evil human souls and
one belonging to this witch to make a death scythe.
Which I think death scythe, and I think back to Gundam Wing, so whatever.
Well the way you describe it, it sounds kind of cool.
Yeah, it would be something I would read.
But I don't know if that's something that would come out here.
No.
I mean, I don't know if, I'll read the manga I guess.
Well I guess it's nice to see Squeenix doing something that's, you know, outside of their
usual IPs, if nothing else, right?
Yeah.
I mean, how many actual manga adaptations in game have they really done?
I can't think of a lot.
But they've had their stuff done as manga.
It's better than continuing to bastardize the Blank of Mana series.
I almost bought that game on DS.
I'll never forgive them for that PlayStation 1.
What was PlayStation 1?
Was that Legend of Mana?
Legend of Mana.
Oh my god, I hated that game.
You know what my problem with Legend of Mana was?
I hated that game.
What?
Is I imported it like a dumbass.
And that was the most text-intensive, kanji-heavy game I have ever freaking played.
And I could read like five words on an entire page.
You know what other Squeenix collection I can't stand, and they've done more than one
games in the series.
I can't even remember the name of it.
It's the one where there's like eight different people, and they have the eight-
Saga Frontier.
The Saga series.
I freaking hate the Saga series.
Cannot stand it.
Sorry, RPG fans and Saga fans, but if you thought that, you know, because I do give
Final Fantasy a lot of love here on the show, Chrono series, things like that, but if you
thought the Squeenix could do no wrong, just go play the Saga series sometime.
It's pretty bad.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Why didn't they ever carry on like the Tow Ball series?
I like that one.
Hmm.
What about Alundra?
Or Brave Fencer Musache was them, wasn't it?
Yeah, they did a new one.
Those were cute.
Yeah, did they?
It was a cute one.
I like PlayStation 2.
So this is also another article kind of correcting some more wrongs with Mario Kart Wii.
Apparently there was news before that Mario Kart Wii did not work with the freeloader.
However, that is false.
It actually does work just fine with the freeloader, so if you happen to live in the US and want
to pick up a copy of the European version and get it a few weeks before we get it here,
then go right ahead and pick one up because the freeloader will work just fine.
In fact, Import Retailer NCS tested the game on a version 3.1 firmware and it ran just
fine and apparently there was some issues, I guess, with 3.0 firmware.
So if you update your firmware, it should be good to go.
But I don't know.
Great game.
Wow.
Didn't take long for that to get opened up there.
But I guess, you know, especially with these staggered international dates, there really
are people who just can't freaking wait.
Like you.
Threw away the steering wheel.
Piece of shit.
Would it be cheaper, maybe, to import it so you can get the version without the steering
wheel?
I don't know.
I don't think they sell it without the steering wheel.
Well, apparently, on Mario Kart Wii, there are already people cheating in there.
And it's in the time trials mode, apparently.
There's all these impossible times that are showing up in the time trials mode.
Apparently, somebody on the official Nintendo Magazine forums wrote this on here.
I only saw it on the snowboard track.
There was a guy with a time of 53 point something or other seconds.
There are about three other people with exactly the same time.
Like others have said, on the replay, the guy just does one lap really slow and then
turns the opposite way just after the finish line.
Then the replay doesn't stop.
So he says, personally, I think it's a bug.
I've only seen it on one track.
And there are others with the same time.
What apparently was happening, and I'm not positive this is actually the case, but what
I heard was that if you let the time trial sit there for longer than 99 minutes and 99
seconds and 0.99, it'll actually loop back around to zero again.
So people were racing through a couple laps or whatever.
And then they would stop, wait for it to just barely flip over from, you know, who has time
to do that?
I mean, really, you're going to sit there and wait for 99 minutes or even, you know,
just leaving it on, doing that.
I don't know what the hell you're doing, you know, going up, going out drinking or something
and coming back 90 minutes later, just to have a high score that we all know is a piece
of crap.
Well, the thing about that, too, though, Nintendo has actually removed those scores off of their
leaderboards now.
So Nintendo is cracking down.
I'm just waiting for it to happen where people find a way to cheat in the multiplayer mode.
You know what I mean?
That's going to be a...
Oh my God.
I hope Nintendo knows a way to patch this game on the fly if things like that happen,
but we'll see.
I don't know, I don't think they have it built in yet where they can patch games.
In fact, I know they don't have it built in yet where they can patch games.
Does their firmware updates patch the games?
There's firmware updates, but I don't think they patch games.
But the good thing, though, is they don't have an action replay yet for the Wii.
They only have game saves and power saves and stuff like that.
I don't know.
There shouldn't really be a way to cheat unless you do something with the servers or whatever
where you lag someone out.
Plus it just goes back to if you're cheating online, why?
Why really?
What do you got to prove?
I don't know.
You know what I mean?
You beat three other strangers in an online Mario match when Nintendo doesn't even tell
you who you're playing against.
I mean, it's kind of like, big wow.
You know?
It's like, do you really have to feel that special?
I don't know.
Maybe it's just me.
Well, speaking of special people, you know that there's always that time top 100 most
influential people that they do.
And guess who's on the list this year?
Miyamoto.
He is on the list this year.
He has been voted for 25,000 times as of the source I'm reading.
So he's at number 31 out of 200.
And 56%.
And basically he's been put on there basically for making Mario and Zelda.
And for the new Wii stuff, you know, the things he's trying to do with the Wii.
And that, and he's been quoted saying that he wants to make people more aware of their
bodies and get in better shape and use that as a tool to improve their life and not just
slack around, you know?
So how much influence does the online poll have in the final result?
I mean, I seem to recall in the past, Time kind of did their own list of the 100 most
influential people, but then like the online poll kind of ran separately.
And you know, so you'd see like Howard Stern and Miyamoto and all these, you know, people
that have rabid fan bases, you know, towards the top of the list.
Well, see that I'm really not sure exactly how it works, but I can tell you other people
who are on it.
You've heard of Rain, haven't you?
I think so.
Korean.
Oh yeah.
Yeah.
He's actually right up at the top.
Interesting.
And right behind him is Steven Colbert.
See it's people with rabid fan bases like that.
Nothing against Steven Colbert because I think he's hilarious, but you know what I mean?
Well, he does have Captain America shield.
Hey, some comments from Justin TV, actually, who says, I ignore them all the time, but
a good comment here about the whole patching of Wii games.
Richie Maniac says they can't patch, otherwise they would have fixed Guitar Hero 3 without
sending out new discs.
Very good point.
So if somebody's cheating in Mario Kart, there's nothing they can do about it.
Well, I'm putting the unlink to vote for Miyamoto in the chat room.
But you could cheat however you want, however much you want in the...
And Black Wolf says, is correcting me and saying it's Colbert.
I thought that was just something he did on the show.
Is his last name really Colbert?
I thought that was just the show joke.
Colbert.
Because it's weird.
I know people with the exact same last name in real life, but they pronounce it with the
hard T. So my bad.
That's why it's the Colbert Report because, you know.
Oh.
Well, I just thought that was a joke.
I just got corrected again, so people don't correct me, okay?
This is pissing me off.
It's hot in here.
It is hot in here today.
What is up with the weather?
There's another game that got announced this week during Nintendo's Media Summit.
And this is not really a big surprise at all.
In fact, I want to say we've already seen this being announced at E3 last year, but
whatever.
Anyways, it is Super Mario, or I should say Mario Super Sluggers.
And it is, of course, a continuation of Super Mario Stadium Baseball.
Just another sports game from Nintendo that's capitalizing on Mario, just like Mario Strikers
and stuff.
You know, it's kind of funny.
I hope they don't do this, but I could just see them because they're kind of following
the trends of, or I should say bad trends, that third party companies are creating accessories
for.
They're creating attachments for the Wii Sports stuff.
I could just see them releasing this game with a baseball bat attachment or something
for the Wii.
Just like, I don't know, try to sell a few more copies.
Here's my question.
What really is the difference between the Super Sluggers thing and the Strikers?
I mean, aren't they just kind of both baseball games?
No, Strikers is a soccer game, whereas Sluggers is a baseball game.
Oh, what the hell am I thinking?
Why am I...
But there's another...
Wasn't there another...
Yeah, there's Mario Baseball.
Yeah, I'm like, I know there's another baseball game that already freaking came out on the
Wii.
Really?
I could have sworn there was already a baseball game on the Wii.
No, just like how there was, was it, oh god, I don't remember what the other...
There was another soccer game that was on GameCube as well.
So it's just import whatever, you know, sport with Mario in it.
Yeah.
Pretty soon it'll be Mario synchronized swimming.
Just in time for the Beijing Olympics.
I don't see how there could be any popular Japanese franchise that won't have a baseball
game attached to it.
I guess that's true.
Baseball is like the sport.
I guess that's true.
And guess what, Rob, you'll be happy to know that Toadette is in this game as well.
Bitch.
All right, rostielut in chat, dot orange launcher dot com, says, oh, baseball on the Wii.
This will appeal to the fanboys, really.
The casuals still have Wii Sports.
Well, I would think that baseball fanboys would go for something a little more hardcore.
MLB 2K8.
And I don't know if it would necessarily be on the Wii.
Or MLB Power Pros, you know, where it was just another baseball game.
Or they've already got like plenty of baseball games on them.
I would think these are the people that do like baseball on Wii Sports but want to take
it like one step further.
You know what I mean?
I don't know.
I don't know how appealing that is.
But Jamie does have a good point, especially over in Japan.
Baseball is huge.
And you know, baseball is huge here, too.
It may not be as big as football in this day and age, but.
That's fine.
This game will come out in the E3 or whatever.
I have a feeling, because I heard some rumors before, that this was going to be coming out
in June.
And then in July, there was supposed to be that stupid disaster day of crisis.
I don't remember what blog I read that in, but.
If this does come out and stuff, and then E3 rolls around and, oh, guess what?
Wii Sports 2.
And it's like, ah, shit.
I just bought this game and now, you know, Wii Sports 2.
Which is going to be probably the number one selling game all time on Wii.
Mario Hockey.
Several people want to see that game in our chat room.
A Mario Hockey game.
I don't know, though, because I think Nintendo might have a problem with people punching
Mario in the face.
Mario Hockey, all that would be is just like Super Mario Strikers with re-skinned, basically.
You know what they need?
They need to bring back old school ice hockey.
I actually had this game on the NES.
I'm not talking Blades of Steel, although that game was frickin rad, too, but I'm talking
old school ice hockey.
Remember this game?
Where you had your entire team consisted of the fat guys, the skinny guys, and the average
guys.
Remember that?
Yeah.
Mario Hockey 2008.
Or Ice Hockey Wii.
That'd be rad.
You know you want it.
All right, let's travel the world and explore upcoming release dates.
We're going to check out some games that are coming out a little bit sooner than some of
these other games we've been talking about.
We will start off in Japan on the Xbox 360 this week.
Really not a lot.
You really have to wait for the 24th for any big games to start coming out.
Same thing with the PlayStation 3.
It's kind of a slow period right now.
On the Nintendo Wii, nothing either.
This is a dry week in Japan for these next batch of systems.
But if you want to go back to the PlayStation 2, Ape Escape 3 is coming out now in a Chinese
language.
So for the other Asian regions abroad, Ape Escape 3 comes out in Chinese this week.
Also a game called Hoshigari Empusa comes out in Japan on April the 17th.
And going over to the Nintendo DS, Gear Spirit from TV Animation One Piece, Gear Spirit.
Also from Nintendo, Pack and Ball comes out on the Nintendo DS.
And a new Phoenix Wright game, Gaikukten Saiban Mask Vision Murder Case.
Actually, I'm sorry, that's just a price reduction on Phoenix Wright Ace Attorney.
I was going to say, isn't that already out?
Just a price reduction.
Now it's out for much cheaper.
You can import that for about 20 bucks now, plus shipping.
So that's not bad.
Also on the Nintendo DS, Kansu Hajime Yo Shisan Unyo DS comes out.
And this is just, I don't know, the cover has a bunch of people like planting trees
on it.
And I don't know if that's supposed to symbolize like a tree of knowledge or what that is.
Because the category for the game is miscellaneous, which usually means some type of boring training
type thing.
I don't think it's a dating sim.
Joking.
Because you actually use the touch screen and stuff.
It's a perverted dating sim, though.
No, not that kind of dating.
It's not like, you know, I don't know.
I'm joking, Rob.
Let's see if there's anything coming out on the PSP.
Although I somehow doubt it, but we'll take a look real quick for the PSP in Japan.
No.
But the 24th will be a big week.
There's lots more stuff coming out for you folks in Japan on the 24th.
But this week, you're gonna have to just play the games you already have, I guess.
That's it.
For the games that are coming out for our friends over in the UK, we have, on the 16th,
Trackmania Nations Forever on PC.
Trackmania.
Those look pretty awesome.
Is it?
Yeah.
Okay.
I want that Konami track game where you can play as Pyramid Head.
That's the one I'm waiting for.
I know, right?
The new track and field?
Yeah.
Do want.
July.
The hell with all the other track games.
July or August.
Alright, thank you.
Anyway, also coming out, now this is on the 18th of this next series of games, which is
the day before my birthday, Emergency Mayhem on Wii.
Hard to be a god on PC.
I think I'm gonna need to get that game, okay?
Story of my life.
Tom Clancy's Rainbow Six Vegas 2 on PC.
UEFA Euro 2008 on PC, Xbox 360, and Playstation 3, and PS2, and PSP, and Wonderswan Color,
and Neo Geo Pocket Color, and the Neo Geo CD.
Those last four are probably not true.
8 Ball All Stars on DS.
We have Namco Museum Remix on Wii.
I need to get that.
The World Ends With You on DS.
That's a lot of pressure, isn't it?
That sounds like something you'd say before you kill someone.
The World Ends With You.
No, that sounds like a Bond movie.
Ooh, it does.
It does sound like a Bond movie.
And the very last is Time Crisis 4 on Playstation 3.
Awesome.
Yeah, Time Crisis.
In the US, it's an okay release week, I should say.
Starting off, we've got Major League Baseball 2K8 Fantasy All Stars for the DS.
It's kind of an arcade-style version of that game.
Sherlock Holmes Nemesis on the PC.
AMF Bullying Pin Busters on the DS.
Rondo of Swords on the DS.
Good Atlus RPG.
Okami on the Wii.
Jack Keane on the PC.
Gran Turismo 5 Prologue on the PS3.
That's just a small little game there.
Tom Clancy's Rainbow Six Vegas 2 on PC.
Also on PC this week, Turok and Europa Universal...
Was it Universalist Rome?
That's kind of a weird name.
High School Musical 2 worked this out on the DS.
Also another Disney DS game.
What if I don't want to work it out?
Then you don't buy the game.
Alright, I won't.
Another Disney DS game, Cory in the House.
The Sims 2 Kitchen and Bath Interior Design Stuff expansion for the PC.
Oh, yay!
Summer Sports Paradise Island for the Wii, also being brought out by Destineer, which
has crappy games.
Teenage Zombies Invasion of the Alien Brain Thingies for the DS.
Emergency Mayhem for the Wii, which is supposed to be just like Crazy Taxi.
And as Rob mentioned earlier, the Final Fantasy XI Vanity of Collection 2008 for the PC.
We have other releases.
Do you want to get into that kind of crack?
Alright, yeah.
What about the Virtual Console?
Well these of course have already come out now.
These are for our UK releases for Virtual Console.
It's Yoshi's Cookie, which is 500 Wii points, the equivalent of 5 euro or 3 pounds 50.
And it's Yoshi's Cookie.
What more do I need to say about freaking Yoshi's Cookie?
That it was far superior on the Super Nintendo, so why they released the Nintendo version
I have no idea.
Now the next one.
We need triumphant music for this, for these next two.
Hold on, hold on.
I do have fanfare music somewhere.
It'll just take me a minute.
Can you read a different one before you get to those two?
Well the next two are, these are the only two left.
Actually, are they?
No, there's more.
I will skip ahead and then I will go back to the awesome ones.
Alright good, because I'm getting the fanfare right now.
California Games, which is Commodore 64.
Ooh, Commodore 64 games are hitting the Wii finally.
And Impossible Mission.
Both of them.
That's the one I should have played the fanfare for.
Both of them are 500 Wii points, 3 pounds 50 pence or 5 euro.
And um, but those aren't the two that- Stay awhile.
The realm of awesome for me.
Stay forever.
Did you ever play Impossible Mission?
I didn't have a Commodore 64, Rob.
Really?
I told you I didn't.
That's right.
You know what I had is I had the Texas Instruments stupid retardo computer.
And I had a Coleco Adam.
I'm still trying to find the sounds.
Darn it.
Well then I will go ahead, because I will go ahead and announce the one that somebody
gets fanfare.
Oh you know why?
Because here's the thing, I had to upgrade Winamp to get Shoutcast now.
And for whatever reason my Winamp is not playing WAV files.
Although you think it would.
The old one did.
I just haven't configured it right, so we have no sounds tonight.
We'll have Loki sing a fanfare.
Wait hold on, Loki sing the fanfare.
I'm not singing the fanfare.
No fanfare.
Please.
Use the NBC music.
No.
You can't use it can you?
Just read it.
We're wasting so much time.
Precious time.
Alright, Wonder Boy from the Sega Master System, 500 Wii points.
And that game is really sweet, but this is the one that makes me super uber happy.
Fantasy Zone!
Didn't we announce this last week?
Yay.
No.
I think we announced it was coming, but it wasn't really known when it was coming.
It's out now.
You're the Oppa Oppa and you get to shoot stuff and it sort of plays like Defender,
but it's awesome.
Fantasy Zone is my second favorite game ever.
And was one of the classic games of the week as well.
It was the first classic game of the week.
Alright.
Nice.
By the way, in the US on the Virtual Console, you also get Yoshi's Cookie and Bases Loaded
came out for the Nintendo Entertainment System.
Speaking of baseball games, if you want to play one of the classics, Bases Loaded sets
you back 500 Wii points.
Now we'll go back to some gaming news.
And I don't know, this isn't exactly like totally gaming news, this is basically what
idiots think.
I don't know, maybe this should be a new segment on our show.
What idiots think.
I don't know.
Here's the deal.
There's this website and it's called WhatTheyPlay.com.
And it's a parental oriented website and they did a poll a little earlier this week.
And what they did in this poll is that they surveyed what would you find most offensive
in a video game.
And here's the results.
The choices were a graphically severed human head, a man and a woman having sex, multiple
use of the F word, and two men kissing.
Here's the thing.
The least offensive according to the poll is multiple usages of the F word, 10%.
The second least offensive, a graphically severed human head with 28%, no 26%.
And then two men kissing, 27%.
So two men kissing is right in the same ballpark as a graphically severed human head in how
offensive they are in a video game.
I mean like words escape me.
I think most people in this generation that probably listen to this program are probably
rolling their eyes and going, what the fuck at this as well?
This is just a couple of like old farts that need to like get out of the barn and go outdoors
once in a while.
They're answering this poll.
And then they have a, was it the man and woman having sex?
Yeah, man and a woman having sex is at 37%, but honestly has no surprise to me.
I mean, hello, look at American society.
People are way more pent up over sexual things than they are violence.
It's been that way forever.
I have to say that we are probably one of the most, I'd have to say conflicting societies
as far as, because you know, sex sells everything and everything, you know, they're, you know,
the porn industry is thriving.
There's all this yet we have this other extreme like, Oh, but we don't talk about that.
Oh, we don't do this.
Oh, we don't have this in our game.
Oh, this is offensive.
People just need to get over it.
Sairan says in our chat room, well, what, so Sharon, I keep mispronouncing it says,
what did the two men look like?
I guess that is important because if they're like two guys who haven't bathed in a week,
that would be kind of offensive.
I think.
I don't think the kissing would be offensive.
I would just think that the lack of personal hygiene would be offensive.
That's the point.
So, so where does like, say, I don't know, a two men kissing graphically severed human
head, uh, on top of a man and woman having sex while they shout, you know, obscenities.
Where's that fall on the list?
Is this your next dream game?
Is there, is there like, I think there, I think there is an OLR dream game to be had
here.
Is there a write in, uh, uh, write in a vote?
There should be write in vote.
All right.
Yeah.
My write in vote would be this poll.
Here it is.
Okay.
We're going to call it a what they play.com the game.
Okay.
It's what they play.com the game.
And what it is is it, uh, it stars, uh, it stars three people, two guys and a girl.
And uh, all they do is they know how to say the F word.
So we get the 10% there.
And uh, meanwhile the two guys will kiss and then the man and the woman will have sex while
they sever the other guy's head.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure where the game is in this, but we'll find it somewhere to take pictures.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Like Pokemon.
Okay.
There it is.
So what the more offensive the photo is, the more D the photo is then that's beautiful.
I love this idea.
Sick imagination.
It's what they play.
Snap.
Okay.
I want to change the name.
The game.
Okay.
So an OLR dream game.
Here it is.
What they play.
Snap.
So it is to our Wiki.
Yes.
We need a dream games Wiki.
There is the dream games.
Yes.
There's already a Wiki page on there, so we'll need to get this added.
Uh, what they play snap and in what they play snap is three people that use the F word,
then half kiss each other, then have sex with each other, then kill each other while you
take pictures on a track.
And then in later stages, in later stages, you get the pester ball because no one likes
the pester ball.
We seriously have problems.
Rob is red in the face.
I don't think it's from the heat.
I think it's just so excited about the idea because I find this immature shit funny.
Okay.
Let's go back.
Let's go back to the root problem though.
Here is this survey.
Obviously we're being a little bit facetious with this whole stuff here.
The problem is I want the game.
I think quick poll.
We need to do an insta poll right now in a orange lounge.
Okay.
Chat that orange laundry.com.
I want to see some wiser ends.
Would you buy what they play snap wire and would you play it?
Let's say the game costs $29.99.
Would you put, would you buy it?
And it's on Nintendo Wii.
Would you buy it?
Wire end.
I think that that's what makes that the most, just completely farcical.
Act now.
We'll throw in a, um, a severed head controller, like cover attachment, severed head attachment.
It'd be a camera, severed head camera.
Somebody in chat said something about this and I thought it was really good.
Um, I think it was Ross Steele, UT had said something and I lost it here.
Oh, here it is.
Uh, seriously, this isn't exactly a scientific poll.
You'd get different results on game facts and it does have to do with the audience that
was, uh, sampled is cause it was, you know, more of a conservative audience.
But still, I mean, doesn't that kind of say something about just society in general?
I mean, maybe this goes beyond gaming a little bit.
Pardon us for getting so deep, but seriously guys, seriously, two guys kissing is more
offensive than a severed head.
Like, I hate to break it to you, but like, you know, I don't think it's, I'm biased just
because I happen to be gay and you know, well, hell, the guy I'm seeing and have been seeing
for over a year now is a conservative.
He's very active in Republican, he's a log cabin guy.
He's very active in Republican politics.
You know, whether you are conservative or liberal, doesn't really have anything to do
it.
I don't know whether you're an idiot or not in terms of this poll, but I don't know.
Like I, me personally, I cannot watch the Saw movies like that level of violence.
Like I watched the first one and I was like, that's enough.
I've heard about what's in the other ones.
I don't need to see it.
If you want to watch it, have fun.
You want to see that sick shit, go for it.
But for me, like I don't want to watch that.
There's other things I could watch with my time.
Like showgirls.
Showgirls is great and for the record, I've never seen a Saw movie and never will.
Cause it's just, you know, I don't know.
I think that is a generational thing.
Am I going to change my opinion as I get older or what is it?
No, no.
I think that the violent graphic violence for the sake of graphic violence is unnecessary.
You know, I believe in all things in moderation.
Like if I have a movie that's just a good movie that happens to have some graphic violence
in it, then that's okay.
I don't care if there's a little blood and gore thrown out if it's part, you know, if
it moves the story along, but when the whole movie is nothing but that, then I think that
it's just crap.
Here are the results of our quick poll.
Would you buy our game on the Nintendo Wii?
Why?
Why?
Why?
N. Throw the pester ball at the people having sex and they look up at you and say, fuck.
Why?
Why?
Why?
Why?
Why?
Why?
Why?
Why?
Why?
Why?
Why?
Why?
Why?
Why?
Why?
Why in a fucking instant?
And why?
There you have it.
The results of the OLR quick poll.
Interesting comment as well from odd1.
Torture porn is just what the name says.
I'll leave it but nothing against those who watch it.
Why?
Because I don't bloody think that one piece of media is going to completely change a person
and destroy it whatever moral fiber they might have.
And Jirnami says, case in point-
Each of the killer, you know, there's a lot of sick shit out there in movies
If you want to watch it go for it, but you know on the other hand if people want to watch
If people want to play a game that might involve a sexual component
Whatever right? That's what warnings are for. Hi exactly. It's what reviews are for. Hi read them, you know
Be educated be a little educated when it comes to purchasing your games be you know
What there's people should just be educated in general and not so freakin head up their ass
That's what I think all right your head out of your ass I
Don't really know what else to say in response to this story
I mean, you know, you think I'd have a big rant or something to say with this, but sadly the results
Don't kind of surprise me. It's just the way our society is I think
Think some of the people need to need to re-examine their priorities. I think this poll shows
I think that's the best way I can some of it this poll shows that there are people out there
With their certain agendas that really really need to re-examine their priorities. That's it back to games
Okay Legos
Okay, Legos aren't really games, but they do make Lego games
And you know that I think that the Lego Star Wars games are tons of fun
so now there is going to be by Activision a Lego, Indiana Jones game that's going to be out on the 6th of June and
you have
you can actually play as over 60 characters and
Some of his friends and some of the enemies and you can actually
Customize your characters by mixing out their parts
you know like when you play with Legos and
And you have your whip and it's from what I'm seeing that that the whole using the whip is sort of like
Pitfall
because you're saying that you use it to get over gaps and hit switches and
You can use you can use it to pick up items in the game to throw at people
And then you can interact you know with your environment, and you swim and climb and you know
Jumping climbing trees that type of stuff. Well, Indiana Jones is kind of fun anyway. Yeah, I think it'd be pretty fun
And I go series is cute. Go games are so fun
I mean that's they may not be the most stellar looking games
They may be kind of dumb, but the Lego games are just fun
You know just like a movie full of sex and violence dumb fun
No, that's showgirls. Oh, sorry, which is both a movie full anyway
It's also coming out in the US and released North America in June as well, so around the same time as the movie
awesome
There's gonna be an update coming. Well. We've been talking about for a while now codename Bogart. Which is coming to
Burnout paradise it's going to be basically the next update that they have hopefully adding this
Brand new island to race in and going to be part of you know many different updates that they're going to have for the game
Some of the things that are going to be coming with it including some bug fixes
That they're going to be identifying the top 10
problems that users have been facing
online functionality
balancing tweaks
They're gonna be fixing like the head-on takedowns which seemed unfair. I guess an unrealistic
unfair low-speed takedowns have been removed and
Then they're gonna also be of course adding you know
the brand new tracks and or
Portions of the game and hopefully some new cars to download all this is supposed to happen April
24th so I guess a lot to happen in a day. Yeah, and so I guess we'll have to
Stay tuned to see what that is. I'm interested in it
I'm actually gonna start playing the game again once it comes out, but only briefly because you know
Paradise kind of wore out quick. I don't think I like the open-world thing
I think I'd like my burnout the way it was I don't like what they did to it. I like the open-world
It's just I don't know yeah, I know I'm being so hypocritical because I loved it in test drive
Maybe that's why I'm kind of like it's just when I played burnout
I played this before a lot of grinding is what it is because a lot of like okay
You finish this many races now you have to do it all over again to get this next license
And I got to do it all over again
Where it's like the crash modes and stuff like that of the you know older games
They you know provided different scenarios and stuff to play through whereas this game. You can kind of crash anywhere, but there's only really
Specific spots that you're going to kind of want to go to where you can get enough points to you know get to the next
License well burnout paradise is not the only game that's getting a patch this week
Layer is also going to be getting a patch very soon. It's coming out in Japan on April 17th
That's probably the same day. You're likely to see it everywhere else the biggest thing that you're getting in this patch
Not just rumble support for the new rumble controllers coming out the dual shock threes, but now you're going to get analog controls
Finally you don't have to just control with the six axis controller
You can also there will be a new targeting icon that shows up and now you can download wind dragon and poison dragon
The different types dragons that you can use in any old stage
I wonder if this will change people's opinions on the game because some of the people you know biggest bitch
They had was the controls yeah, if they fix the controls. I'd be really interested to see how the game plays out
I want to see some people just some not everybody but some people that reviewed this game before like re-review it if that makes sense
They may actually I'd be curious to see that which is very interesting if a patch has that big of an impact on a game
You know what? I mean? Well, I'll teach them to stick with the stupid motion controls
Hmm only you know they should have it as an option. Hmm. Just like rumble
true
Well some good news for our friends over in the UK is that
one of the retailers shop to is confirmed that they are going to be selling a Grand Theft Auto for
hardware bundle that will have
The 40 gig ps3 6-axis and a copy of GTA 4 and it will be out on the 29th of April for 299 pounds
Which is for the equivalent of a 590 bucks for us?
Nice any word on something like that coming over here. Not that I've seen hmm
Are you surprised Loki at the lack?
I mean, I know you're big on Grand Theft Auto 4 and this is supposed to be like a system selling type game
I have actually heard people thinking of investing in a PlayStation 3 because they want to get Grand Theft Auto and
For whatever reason there's more games on the ps3 than interest them as opposed to Xbox 360
Why isn't Sony jumping on the opportunity over here? I don't know probably because they have a new bundle coming out with
Metal Gear Solid 4 I mean if they were going to do a bundle they would have already announced it by now I
Don't know. Maybe they're just not selling as well over
Say you know in Europe and stuff. Maybe they're really needing to push them. That's why they have all those extra bundles over there
Really though and they've been having trouble keeping the bundles or actually these systems in I think
Although we haven't been selling them too fast
I know so and I mean I went to Fry's the other day, and they had pallets of just ps3s just sitting there, so
It's not like there was a shortage of them. It's just people
need games to play on it and
I guess Grand Theft Auto will be one of those games. It'll be one they'll sell systems, but at the same time. I think you know
Just if people actually realize hey
there's a lot of games on 360 as well, and it's coming out on there, but
To each his own I guess whatever their preference is
So one thing though that's kind of disappointing is the PlayStation Network will be going down tomorrow for about 15 hours
But not a big deal like because it will be coming back
Shortly after that with the brand new PlayStation store. It's going to be completely redesigned
I'm going to have a bunch of new features in there as well
supposed to be a little bit easier to browse kind of like the I don't know sink star store a little bit and
Some of the cool things that they're going to have on there as well
hopefully
the home
beta will be coming out pretty soon, but
You know lots of stuff to look forward to and it's nice to see that
They're actually updating their store because it was pretty hard the browse through and this looks a little bit better
Yeah, it's a I think the PlayStation store kind of needed some look and feel changes to it
So I hope this goes well for them
You know what other store needs to look and changes that fucking virtual console store needs some serious updates
well
Going from hardcore updates and news to big old rumors. This is take this with a big grain of salt
Apparently this is coming over from game reactor
Some blogger on there has said that apparently John Woo is going to announce the Metroid film at
Next week's comic-con in New York City
Here's the deal with it. It's going to star
Christiana Loken and she was the main actress in blood rain
apparently
But thank God is not being directed by a bowl like blood rain was and God
And apparently there's a little picture that made its way through it that says
5209 like a release date May 2nd of 2009
So now here's the thing is that you might go bullshit, but there are some pieces of it that add up
John Woo purchase the rights to Metroid although that was a couple years ago
But he did and he's gotten involved with video games before because there was stranglehold right was a John Woo game as well
so
Kind of interesting I think the release date makes this fault because I think if this were true
The movie would already be filming and I don't know that seems like a pretty aggressive release date to just like unless they're gonna like start
Filming it this summer. I guess they could really see it can change. I mean, it's just
Good. Well, I think also keep in mind that a lot of times especially for seek for projects that they're gonna
Hype quite a bit and when I actually push out there that they'll start filming them under a false name, but
Still I just with the amount of buzz that a game like this would get I would think that something would leak
You know what? I mean, I
Don't know. I
Don't know if they're doing it all on a soundstage
You know also all the work that they could be doing right now could be up now maybe going in reverse a little bit doing
A lot of the CG work now and then going back and then filming this stuff and then adding the CG stuff in there
I don't know
There's modeling
Yeah, I would just think the special effects that a Metroid movie would take are gonna take too long unless they've already been doing them
But again if they've already been doing them some dude on a blog somewhere would not have been the first one to notice this
It's gonna really suck
That would be sad. That would be very sad
Because after all the we both films, you know, they don't take that long to put together. So
bite your tongue
Metroid set in like a Western or something like that. All right. Well, we're about to the end of the first half of our program
That's right. You guys listening at all games calm for the first time possibly to our show. We're a long show
We're about a three hour show
We're about to the end of the first half of our program
But we don't end part a until we have a chance to go back and look at the classics
And I guess I already did that a little bit during my gaming week
I talked about one classic game that wasn't the official game of the week dark Sakura likes to you know
She's got the massive collection. She was talking about earlier
She likes to dig through her collection every week and find one game to spotlight for those you guys
Pay a little respect to the classic video game of the week
So dark Sakura what classic video game have you selected for the crowd this week?
This is another one that makes my heart hurt that it's considered a classic now
Um, but it came out on PlayStation and it's bus to move. I'm not talking about puzzle bobble
it came out over here as this is bust a groove because
Puzzle puzzle bobble came out as best to move already and therefore had the license in the u.s.
Um, but in Japan, it was best to move. Let's take a listen
Whoever's playing this kitty and is actually doing pretty good and the video file that we are playing this from is actually the person playing
On the mode with no commands. I don't know if you noticed that Rob. Yeah, I know that
I was like something's wrong with this when I was looking at it. There's no arrows that you hit in
Yeah, that's actually when I was at my height of playing this game. I used to play it without hands
Everyone has the same damn moves. You're probably gonna have to explain for our listeners how this is different from DDR
okay, and basically what bus to move is it's sort of a
versus dance game where you
put in the commands that it brings up on the screen and you do them you hit your
Trigger, but I guess I usually call it the trigger. Whatever your last command button is to activate those moves
Right on the beat. So you have to have good rhythm to make sure that you're you're hitting this, right? And
Some of the songs go from super easy to super hard to just being easy and then having tricky parts
Like this one in fact at the very end of this part is where the trickiest part of the song for me is
But and as you might have just heard where it says high scoring moves
You actually have secret moves that when it comes up to the character's
Solo part if you know what that command is then you can put in those moves and it boosts your score even more
It has a bunch of different characters had different songs each you had
Different styles they actually changed quite a bit though when the US version came out you had Frida
Gaso ham who was the hamburger guy I thought he was great heat hero
Who was the disco guy Kelly who was a fetishist? She was a slut basically
He had kitty and kitty Nakajima
Who was sort of like I guess like the she was in some Senshi, you know TV show
Pinky who's a stripper and she's actually pretty cool shorty. Who's the little girl?
And you had strike who's the sort of gangster sort of and then you had hidden characters like you had burger dog who used hands
Dance moves who's in hand stage capoeira which were two silver aliens that did capoeira style dancing
Columbo that was shorty's pet mouse and robo zee who was actually the the boss of the game and
When you fight robo zee robo zee's like a really freakin tall and you're like, oh my god
she's like a really freakin tall and you're like maybe the size of a finger and
You're actually on top of the building and it's in the middle of the street causing accidents and wrecks. Hey, it's it's um, capoeira
but
Capoeira was also
Called Kiki and Lala which I thought was pretty funny. So when the game came out in the US they
See, this is the good version if you can turn up a little bit. Okay, this is they played this song in English and it sucked. The woman could not sing for crap.
They actually did they edit it quite a bit like when strike comes out you drink from a flask and
And um, they change it to a can of coke they took out hero's cigarette they changed certain lyrics for being I guess
Racially charged and also removed references to McDonald's and Burger King
They like I said, they did some of the songs in English which just was awful
Oh my god, they left fritas in Japanese, which I don't understand
and then
And also with the stages though is that if you did a
7-point combo which you know that was getting up to the most difficult stage of doing those special combos
You could get the levels to do like neat stuff like for this stage here capoeira stage the doors would pop off and you'd either
Be in the air you'd be in outer space depending
If you play shorty and pull one off her mouse jumps out of her pocket starts dancing with her
Um, this game is so it's just really one of my okay
I first played this when someone brought over
Their copy that it only been at like a week in Japan and I imported it like as soon as payday hit
Um, I know this bugs you when I call it this but bust a move too was my first rhythm game ever here in the u.s
And that that you know without that game. I probably would not be here on orange lawns radio today. So I
Totally love this series as well
best to move to and I've and the reason why I'm not really combining them is because actually best to move to
To me is sort of a different game
because
Each character had their own set of special commands instead of having
Everyone having the same move, which is why you can play best to move in
Without the commands because everybody had the same damn commands and I actually had one of the first English fan sites on this game
And it's gone. It's been dead. But the link is still on the anime web turnpike if that's any any
Indication of how long I've had that site fever time. Yeah character does really well
They get to bust out of solo. It's pretty awesome. And the endings are funny, too
but best to move to had individual moves for everybody had
Easy mode which it was all just using fans with the arrows
You had the medium mode which is plays pretty much just like the first bus to move and he had mix mode which uses
The triangle scored everything and you also had attacks too, which you if you timed your tag
Just right you could completely botched their entire solo
Now really quickly here before we go to break because we got to kind of wrap the segment up
Why do you think this series kind of died off because you know, we had these games we had dance summit
Which was kind of met, you know
It's just it wasn't really the same. Why did this series?
Why haven't we seen more games in this series, especially with how popular music games have been in this day and age?
Because annex needs to get off their ass and just to do it, you know, we never got dance summit over here
And just to let and to give people a quick explanation dance summit is actually sort of a teen dance game
where you have team versus team and
Based on whatever your command button is at the end of your sequence
You have different people in your team that do different dance moves and different solo moves
we have like a bunch of people that look like heat from the first one and
it was a lot more interactive and had really good music and it even had a special controller that came out with it that had
something that you wear sort of like a grip that you would push the buttons and hold it sideways and
They really tried to innovate the series and I thought the best remove too was going in the right direction
But they haven't done anything else with it
I think that maybe because of how poorly dance summit did that maybe they thought that it was just time to end the series
I don't know sad, but
What they need to do is go back and do another one that plays like best move to
All right, we gotta wrap up but that is your classic game of the week folks. It is bust a move
How can you not like a game that has a gigantic voguing robot or if you're here in the u.s
You find it under bust a groove because I guess the name bust a move is already ten toward it
I
Didn't think the US version I had the US version of bust a bust a groove to I guess you could say it wasn't that
Bad I mean for you know Rob's first music game because I didn't know what else was out there
I had a blast with it, you know
According to sauce the series died off because people suck. I guess that is true real quickly called tippo and chat asked
What could they put in a bust a groove sequel?
Honestly, just more the same on next-gen get rid of online Xbox live get rid of bio bring that gas. Oh
Yeah, here's a great the Xbox what a great Xbox live arcade game
This might make that would be good and you know what they should have. I think hmm. They should have
You know, you can do create about rest, you know in wrestling games
You can do create a wrestler and customize all of their moves every single one based on what you put
all you have to do is
have a create a dancer mode and you'd give them different combo moves or give them a style of dance and
What you do is you go in and make your character the way you want them to and then give a sign their style of dance
All right. I think that that should come out another dream game
All right
There you have it here on orange lounge radio your classic game of the week
Bust a move or bust a groove depending on where you live. Did you at Loki? You've been awfully quiet
Did you ever play that series? I would think you've probably touched that at some point. I played a demo of
Bust a groove just wasn't the same thing. It was just didn't like it as much because there wasn't actual you didn't actually dance or anything
You know, it's just kind of
Can't please everybody. That's all right. All right, we are gonna take a quick break here on orange lounge radio
We're gonna do a quick break
We're gonna come back with part B of our podcast for those of you guys listening to us live on all games calm
You're gonna get just a little bit of music and we will be back with more of orange lounge radio. So stay tuned
Orange lounge radio is taped live on Sunday nights and it's podcast to the world twice a week
Stay tuned to our podcast feed for the conclusion of this week's orange lounge radio
