Orange Lounge Radio is taped live on Sunday nights and released to our podcast stream twice weekly.
To listen to the first half of this episode, visit www.orangeloungeradio.com
for links to websites with listings of past episodes.
Now the conclusion of this week's episode of Orange Lounge Radio.
Welcome back to Orange Lounge Radio on this April the 27th of 2008
to part B of our podcast we tape live every Sunday night at orangeloungeradio.com
which is just going to refer you right over to allgames.com
which is the actual radio site where we broadcast.
We like people to pay attention to our own website as well
because that's where the podcast is hosted which many of you are listening to right now.
But of course, we also have a lot of live listeners who are assembled.
If you're listening live, but you're not in chat, why not?
chat.orangeloungeradio.com is the place to be
or for those of you guys on the IRC Game Surge Network, just join Channel Orange Lounge.
All right, let's get back into some gaming news here in part B of our show.
All right, well we've been talking about some updates coming to Burnout Paradise over the last few weeks.
Recently the, I want to say it was the Bogart patch was released.
Although I didn't see any of the new islands or anything like that, but maybe that's coming later.
But there is another patch that they're talking about coming out later in August code named Davis.
And this one's actually going to be pretty significant.
It's going to be including, for the first time for the series, motorcycles.
And then it will also have night driving as well.
And the motorcycles will have actual passengers on them, which is also another first for the series
because the cars are all ghost cars in Burnout Paradise normally.
And the bikes will get their own modes and challenges as well as new locations designed to suit the bikes.
And no word though on what they're going to do with like Showtime mode for riding a bike.
Since, you know, your rider would kind of go flying through the air.
So yeah, that's pretty awesome.
I guess that's coming in August.
But I'm really looking forward to the expansions for the maps whenever the hell those are going to come out.
What is the obsession with motorcycles and racing games lately?
Because, you know, we had Project Gotham 4, right, added them.
And then we have Mario Kart, Wii is now all of a sudden got motorcycles.
And now Burnout.
It's like 2008 is the year of motorcycle.
Well, I guess Project Gotham came out in 07.
But still, it's like, you know, all the rage right now.
What's up with that?
I don't know, it's something different.
I guess.
Do you prefer motorcycle racing to car racing?
I don't prefer either.
I prefer, well, I'd have to say I like car better.
I think motorcycle racing is much cooler when you have a stick that you beat people with off the side of the car.
Road rush?
Yes, exactly, road rush.
Personally, I'm more of a fan of when they had Need for Speed 2.
And this is not Underground 2 or anything like that.
It's like the second Need for Speed game.
They had, like, some crazy codes you could put in to actually race as a bunch of different, like, some of the props on the side of the road and stuff.
Like, you could race as a log, you could race as an outhouse, as a giant T-Rex statue.
What else was in there that was really funny?
Just, like, a bunch of weird shit.
And I always used to love racing the log versus the T-Rex.
And I laugh like crazy.
They had something similar with, I want to say Daytona as well, you could race as a horse.
Now, the nighttime mode sounds cool.
I like racing at night.
But I think the nighttime, from what I'm looking at here, nighttime is not going to have any cars.
It's just going to be empty.
What?
It's kind of dumb.
Whatever.
Alright, well, one game we love here at Orange Lounge Radio is the Eye of Judgment, which, by the way, I checked the Orange Lounge Radio wiki today.
Since we have no official Wikipedia entry anymore, because some a-hole nuked it, we now have our own wiki, orangeloungeradio.wiki.com.
And I was looking at the latest Eye of Judgment sales figures, which now our chatters are tracking for us, just shy of 200,000 worldwide.
Never going to happen.
Never going to make a million.
However, for those that do happen to own Eye of Judgment, Sony is somewhat apologizing, I guess you could say, because the second set of Eye of Judgment cards...
Sorry about it.
Sorry about this game.
But there was a second set of cards that got delayed.
So three rare cards are being given away starting next Friday, but here's what I don't get.
How are they rare if they're giving them away?
Whatever.
They're the Eye of Judgment set to promo cards.
All you have to do, you watch the official PlayStation blog starting next Friday.
And, oh, I see why they're rare, because you have to be one of the first few hundred who registers with the mailing list, and then you get the rarities.
So only a few hundred of these are going to go out.
Or...
One of them will be Xeroxed and put all over the Internet.
Or you could just Xerox the ones right there that are available on the website.
No, no, no, here's the thing.
The ones that are going around blogs, though, you've got to look at those black bars carefully.
Those black bars are what the Eye of Judgment reads.
They're all the same on these cards.
So, not that easy, Loki.
Oh, darn.
I guess we'll just have to wait for one of the hundreds of people that actually...
Oh, who cares?
No one plays the game.
It doesn't matter.
Alright.
Black Wolf is in chat. He actually owns Eye of Judgment. He was a big supporter of trying to move a million copies of them.
He says the best part is that you have to pay $14.99 just to use those cards.
Awesome.
Since, you know, you've got to get set, too.
Awesome. Way to support that.
Good job.
Sadly, we don't get to count expansion sales towards our million.
Nope.
Doesn't matter anyways.
But we do get to count sales of Let's Ride Friends Forever, let's not forget.
Yeah, all ten of those.
Well, another game that we're not counting is Portal.
Otherwise, Loki would be in that Tingle suit right now.
It's a good thing we didn't count Portal.
Well, basically, they have said from Valve that we will not be seeing a new Portal this year.
But they are going to do a new game that is as revolutionary, they say, as Half-Life 2 was to the original Half-Life.
He's quoted as saying, it won't be Portal with different colors.
So, we're going to be getting something new from Valve.
I say good for them.
You don't want to beat this thing into the ground.
You know what I mean?
Sequels have so much to live up to with the originals.
And granted, in gaming, we often get off a lot better than in movies.
Like, you know, in movies, sequels, like 99% of the time, are crappier than the original.
Once in a while, you have a rare one that's better.
But in games, sometimes you get sequels that are more memorable than the original.
But, you know, you don't want to rush Portal.
You've got to make it right.
And I'm all for new IPs.
You know, Portal was a new IP when it came out.
So, I'm all for new things that are just as cute.
Just, you know, will it be good?
Dark Tetsuya in chat suggests, Portal 2.
No, really, there's cake this time.
No, no, no, because the cake is made with, like, dust and...
I say in Portal 2, you're going after pie.
What's better than cake?
Pie.
There you go.
I had a birthday pie.
I want a birthday pie.
If I can eat pie by that time, because, you know, the whole pancreas drama.
But you know what's in two weeks for us?
What, Margaret Cho?
I know.
Your birthday present is a little late.
Let's get pie.
If I can eat it.
It might have to be low-fat Weight Watchers pie.
We can eat fat-free pie.
Fat-free cheesecake.
I'd rather eat barf.
Well, it's not cake, but it's definitely coming a lot sooner than Portal 2.
It is the releases on the PlayStation Network this week.
And there's some pretty interesting stuff, like the EchoChrome demo that's been released out now for, I believe, the PlayStation Portable.
And you can also download some PlayStation 1 classics for R-Type, including R-Type 1 and R-Type 2.
And that's available for $6.
And they also have, of course, the variety map pack for Call of Duty 4 for PlayStation 3.
And if you happen to be a fan of Carrique Revolution American Idol Encore, they've added a variety of new songs you can check out there as well.
And let's see here.
Also, of course, the Eye of Judgment Byleth Rebellion 2 expansion set is available download for $15.
You know, the typical rock band stuff.
Guitar Hero 3 Def Leppard pack.
There's an Army of Two SSE Challenge pack.
Demo for Iron Man on the PlayStation 3.
Resistance Fall Man 2 teaser trailer.
And then there's some other stuff from different game videos and stuff.
And some free stuff.
Eye of Judgment Theme number 2 for free.
And the PlayStation 3 wallpaper for Gran Turismo 5 Prologue.
And on the PSP Store, they're actually still selling full games on there.
Because, remember, you can download full PSP games, including Loco Rocco, which is $21.99.
They've got, let's see here, I guess that's selling new free game.
Or, well, it's not free.
$21.99, that's a free deal.
Free after $21.99.
Free with $21.99 download fee.
There's also Kingdom of Paradise, which is $10.99.
So, I don't know.
That kind of sucks, though, because the money that you put into the PlayStation Store and stuff like that,
it's in whole dollars, so you're stuck with these remainder cents that you get ripped off on in each purchase.
Way to go, Sony.
Alright, well, also on the PSP soon will be Guilty Gear XX Accent Core Plus.
Yay!
For those fans of Guilty Gear who like their wordy game titles.
We went through it for Street Fighter.
This is coming to the PSP.
They call it the most complete and balanced version of the game to date.
So, what happens is that also the game's going to have an ad hoc mode.
You can do three-on-three tournaments.
I guess if you have the whole wireless thing going on.
So, that'd be fun.
I like Guilty Gear.
This information, by the way, coming from Famitsu Magazine, who is pretty reputable.
So, this game is coming out for the PSP.
So, good times.
Guilty Gear in your pocket.
What could possibly be better?
I actually do have the Guilty Gear mini that was on Wonderswan.
Nice.
It's very, very difficult to play that.
In other news, a game I don't care about, Grand Theft Auto IV.
Well, you know how we were chatting about that little rumor about there being a special bundle for PS3?
It's not a rumor.
It's going to be released on April 29th as a 40-gig unit with a six-axis controller and stuff.
And, by the way, this is the European bundle, to be specific.
It will be 4.39 euro.
So, if you care that much about it, go get it, I guess.
Go get it, I guess.
Dark Soccer Reviews Games here on Orange Launch Radio.
Go get it, I guess.
You should let me do more game reviews.
You should play more games.
We have a thing at the top of the show.
Well, it's not necessarily that I'm not actually playing them.
It's that other people are using the TV and playing the games.
You need to regulate and say, bitch, I own half.
That's why they sell, you know, monitor adapters and stuff like that.
I play on my computer monitor.
I don't even have a good monitor.
You know what, I have that little Disney.
You know what, I have this Disney princesses TV I never got a chance to use that I got for my birthday.
You want to take that and hook something up to it?
Okay.
Look, Dan's TV.
The sad thing is, I think she's serious.
Well, let's see what happens.
I'm all for more Dark Soccer game reviews.
Well, a game I'm sure Jamie would enjoy more than Grand Theft Auto.
SingStar, not yet released over here, but in Europe.
The SingStar has sold its one million track and that's a lot of karaoke.
They have apparently, the SingStar online store has 140,000 registered users and over 20,000 user submitted videos.
None of which are of me because I don't own the game nor will ever own the game.
And have been watched over 2.5 million times.
The franchise has also sold 12 million copies over its multiple iterations including SingStar Bollywood.
And it's due out over here next month on the 20th, I believe.
Alright.
So, check that out I guess.
SingStar, when it comes out over here.
Although, Loki won't be.
I think I'm going to buy it and then get Loki drunk and then see what happens.
If we can get him on the TV.
It might be worth it.
Listeners, let's do a quick poll in chat.
Quick poll, here we go.
Answer the question Y or N.
Is it worth the $600 investment for a Playstation 3 simply to upload Loki drunk karaoke to the interwebs?
You'd also have to buy a Playstation I.
Alright, is it worth the $650 adjustment or whatever?
Let's throw in booze.
Is it worth the $700 investment?
I'm not going to do that.
Answer the question.
Let's see, oh, we have some answers coming in already.
Let's see, we have Y, Y, N from cheeseburger.
F and Y, so Y, hell fucking Y, Y, Y, well Y, Y, Y, Y, lowercase Y, I think.
And then we have Dora the Explorer TV is greater than Disney Princess TV.
That wasn't the question.
Alright.
There you go, almost 100%.
Everyone except cheeseburger.
Well cheeseburger, you can just sit that night out.
You can go sit in the corner.
I say N.
Alright, why?
Because I already have one.
Alright, oh, there we go.
Even better, we'll just bring yours over.
And then all we have to do is buy Sing Star in a can.
I want Sing Star.
Loki don't glare at me.
I do want Sing Star.
I know, it'll be fun.
I played it at E3.
It'll be fun.
And I sang, what's that Motorhead song?
Ace of Spades.
With some guy.
Oh, here's what we'll do is I'll sing, but I'll make you turn around and I'll just say I'm David Cook.
And then you'll get all excited.
Anyhow, by the way guys, Jamie is hella into American Idol this year.
It's hilarious.
I...
It's not funny.
No, it's hilarious.
It's great.
Why is it funny?
Well they got rid of that bitch.
Because it's cute.
They got rid of that bitch Carly though.
I like her.
Alright, shut up right now.
Shut up right now.
Video game podcast.
First of all, did you listen to her old shit?
She sings so much better now than she did five years ago.
Too bad.
I apologize.
On top of that, they said that she'd had the best performance ever.
It's just a stupid fucking popularity contest, but David Cook is still going to win.
That is true.
That is because he's freaking awesome.
That's it.
I'm changing my cage match song.
I'll give you a dollar.
Alright, fine.
He's great.
You know what?
They can all kiss my ass.
We have games to talk about.
It's my turn.
Is it?
Oh.
Is it?
No.
We have an international story.
We do.
We have an international story straight out of Singapore.
They can't somebody.
No, they did not cane somebody, but I don't know.
They may have some type of crazy outbreak here.
Here's the thing.
There's a brand new rating system that has been announced in Singapore.
You know, rating systems are overall a good thing as long as people are educated on them,
but here's the kind of weak point about it.
People Like Us has identified a problem with the rating system.
People Like Us, by the way, is a Singapore gay and lesbian group focused on advocacy
and public education.
Here's the thing.
If a game contains homosexuality, it is instantly an adult theme rating just because you might
have some hot girl on girl action like you have in Mass Effect.
Here's a quote from People Like Us.
People Like Us considers this new rule unjustifiably strict.
Children should not have to be kept ignorant about the presence of gay people in society
any more than they should be shielded from people of other faiths and ethnicities.
The path to acceptance of gay people is through teaching children and diversity from a young
age.
It is pejorative to love gay sexual orientation with crime and drug use, as the MDA's new
guidelines do, as if gay orientation is some kind of social threat.
Now, I think it goes without saying that obviously it's kind of stupid because this is the
equivalent of Brokeback Mountain is automatically an NC-17 rated movie because, you know, oh
my God, butt sex, right?
So, here's the thing.
But it's hot.
Here's the thing is that, okay, the even kind of bigger issue here is that, like, are there
really that many games that this is going to affect?
I mean, don't get me wrong.
I totally agree.
It's stupid that this would be, you know, cause a game to get an adults only rating.
But are there really that many games that are going to fall into this category?
I mean, how many gay characters in games do we have?
Sadly, not a lot.
And I'm not saying that, shut up, I'm not saying that we suddenly have to get all these
games to come out that have OMG, a token gay in them, or, you know, a gay lead character.
But I think it would be nice if, like, you know, in an RPG or something, and I'm not
talking about Enchanted Arms and that Makoto guy, okay, I'm not even talking about that.
I'm talking about, I think it would be great to just see a character who just happens to
be gay, and it's no big D. You know, it's just, okay, whatever, cool, right?
Cause I think the nice thing about the youth of America, and, you know, I would say the
youth of the world in general, and most of the countries probably listen to our show
anyway, is that most people kind of have that attitude.
I think most young people know at least one gay or lesbian person in their real life.
I mean, you know one on the internet, hello.
Who?
Huh?
Where?
You know one on the internet, but I'm saying, like, at least in their personal lives.
You know, I'm just saying, I think most people are just like, whatever, it's no big deal
in this day and age anymore.
It's just, people are different.
And I would like to see that same attitude in games, but I know there's some people that
have that archaic attitude of, ew, ew, it's too gay, ew, ew.
Well, you know, then don't put it in Grand Theft Auto, but there's plenty of, you know,
other games that would be just fine with it.
This guy's voiced the game.
No.
Uh, Saig in chat says, it's not about existing games, but it's the reason that sexuality
themes are limited because of rating systems would overreact.
You know, and that's kind of true too, is that how often is sexuality even a factor
in games?
Violence?
Hell yeah, everywhere.
Cursing even starts to see more and more.
Sexuality?
Not so much.
Because OMG Boobs gets you an instant, you know, auto, you know, MC, MA, AO, rating.
So.
Uh.
These people are sad.
It's just silly.
I would do the FUs of the Week right here, but it's just, I don't know.
I mean, I, sadly it's not surprising, but I think the bigger issue is there's not a
lot of games that are going to fall into this category.
Why don't we work on that first?
So.
That's it.
Now we can move on to your story, Jamie.
Now it's time.
Okay.
The beta for Battlefield Heroes is going to be in May.
That's it?
What the hell is Battlefield Heroes?
I've never even heard of this game.
It's on the 6th.
It's a free-to-play cartoon sort of version of an online shooting series.
The ads, it's actually funded by ads, but it's not in-game, it's on the website.
Oh, so it's like a PC game?
Yeah.
Because I hear cartoon, I think of Wii.
But I think that I had seen a little bit of it and it looks like it might be a little
bit fun.
So, I thought that, you know, especially anything that's free, I thought that people would
be into it.
So, May 6th.
Beta.
All right.
Hey, I like beta and I like free games even more.
Betamax.
Another EA game that's getting a, well not really a beta, but a demo.
A VHS?
No, not a VHS.
Laserdisc?
No.
A DVD?
Spore.
They're getting the Spore creature creator and demo.
Those are both coming June 17th.
The Spore creature creator is actually supposedly part of the, I believe there's like a SimCity
pack or Sims pack coming out.
That'll be a part of that as well as, well if you don't want to purchase it as part of
that, you can also get the, I guess, demo for $9.99.
And what the creature creator will allow you to do is create, you know, creatures obviously.
You can export those creatures to wallpapers and stuff like that.
So, plus I guess the creatures can be used in the full game when that actually finally
comes out.
You know what's kind of sad?
I like forgot about Spore.
Remember I was so hyped about this game after we saw that one demo at E3 in like, what,
2005?
I was like so hyped up for Spore, right?
I kind of forgot about Spore.
They might as well just rename this game Spore Chinese Democracy.
It's the next PC game I'm going to buy.
I mean, because I don't really, well the last game I bought, and I didn't really technically
buy it because I got it for free, was Crysis.
It came with my graphics card.
What about Wrath of the, well I know you're not a Warcraft player.
I'll probably buy Wrath of the Lich game for this.
Fuck the Warcraft shit.
Eh, whatever.
Teach their own.
No, I'm excited about Spore.
I just kind of, sadly I forgot it was out there because the game, like, doesn't seem
to ever be coming.
So I don't know, I guess maybe this is a good sign that it'll be on its way.
Will you check out just the creature creator?
Or are you just going to be like, screw it?
Uh, I think I'm just going to be like, screw it.
I don't want to spoil it.
Are there any PC games you're excited about, Dark Sakura?
Ragnarok 2, maybe.
So your games have to come from Korea.
Yeah, Korea.
Alright.
I wouldn't mind having an updated Sonic R.
Um, Rock Band is a game we all own and love and play on the internet.
I was actually playing a little bit of Rock Band this week.
I was playing with our webmaster VX JasonXV and Rychan.
I was playing with them, and sadly, Xbox, well,
Xbox was kind of having sporadic connection issues.
Our game got dumped, and then like, I left to go get dinner,
and then I totally got sidetracked and didn't come back until like hours later.
I felt kind of bad, but you know, it's just a video game.
But Rock Band's fun to play online.
I need to go on and play with some listeners at some point,
even though now they're all on Mario Kart Wii.
But Rock Band has some new songs coming out, as they do every week.
Two of the songs this week come from the same band,
The Mother Hips, which are from Chico, California.
I know that because I used to live there,
so I think it's kind of funny that now they're having all this success through a video game.
But there you have Red Tandy and Time Six Son of a Grizzly Bear from The Mother Hips.
I wonder if they still play at Brickworks, I don't know.
But that is coming at some point to Rock Band.
That would be next Tuesday, actually.
But the Smashing Pumpkins, you know them, they have a song already in the game.
They have what, Cherub Rock is in the game.
And now you can download Zero, which has some pretty awesome guitar.
Remember that song, Zero?
Although, props to you if you can sing like Billy Corgan.
No.
Because he's got something going on.
I'm sad when a man can sing higher than me.
Billy Corgan is sadly not David Cook, is he?
No.
All right.
Let's get to the mailbag.
Every week we encourage you guys to send us some e-mails.
Mailbag at orangelaundry.com is the place to do it.
Dark Sakura will dive into the e-mailbag every week,
but she wears plastic gloves when she does it because she doesn't want anthrax poisoning.
Anthrax was an 80s band, not a poison.
Anthrax is great.
All right.
So here it is, our mailbag segment.
Dark Sakura, read some e-mails.
Crap, crap, crap, crap done.
No, I'm kidding.
We just got a lot of crap this week.
No, although some underage girl wanted to show me her private pictures.
Oh, damn that spam.
I know.
That's supposed to be coming to me.
No, I'm not going to say it.
Anyway, hi guys.
On the show before last Rob said Live 365 idiots charged him after he sent two e-mails saying he quit.
He said he would give us an update on it last week and never did.
So my question is, what's going on with that?
Also I have been listening since episode 150 and I still don't know why Loki hates Tingle.
P.S. I attached a picture.
I was bored.
Misspelled.
Who's it from?
Oh, it's a little picture of Tingle with Loki's face on it and it says Loki.
How wonderful.
All right.
And that's from I Can Ask Cheeseburger.
I Can Ask Cheeseburger.
Thank you.
I did forget to give the Live 365 update because it's kind of funny what happened.
You might remember I was really pissed because they charged my credit card
and it was a little unfair of me to not give the follow up.
So I apologize to them.
But strangely enough that next Monday mysteriously with no e-mail.
Well, no, I did get an e-mail.
I got a little e-mail in my inbox that says,
Rob, we have processed the cancellation and they refunded my credit card the entire money.
Sweet.
So they did not end up stealing the money for me.
It was only out of my bank account for a couple of days.
They borrowed it for a couple of days.
They borrowed it for a couple of days.
They poked it and did experiments.
But the strange thing is we got like a little bit of kickback from our VIP listenership.
The more VIPs that we had listening to us in Live 365, we got some kickback.
But honestly, guys, it was nothing.
I think we got like $1.37 from the month of March.
So I actually got refunded that $1.37 back as well.
So I actually did get a little bit of interest, I guess you could say,
thanks to our VIP listeners who I do feel bad for that we're not on Live 365 anymore.
But all games is where it's at, yo.
It's where it's at.
Get in.
Live in the now.
Also, Sauce says that Poison was also an 80s band, Rob.
That is true.
Anthrax is Poison and Poison was also an 80s band.
That's crazy.
Darktitsuiya said the exact same thing in chat.
Great minds think alike.
That's kind of freaky.
I like what my husband says.
Great minds think like us.
Loki, describe your hatred of Tingle.
Why is it you hate Tingle so damn much?
I think he's a stupid character, that's all.
He was annoying.
He was annoying in Wind Waker.
This fascination with everybody for me to do Tingle's voice, I don't know.
It's just retarded.
I think you actually did it one night and that's what was funny.
I did it one night, yes.
And that was the biggest mistake you ever made.
There you go.
Because people don't know when to let a joke go.
All right.
That joke has been going on forever.
Anyway.
All right, moving on.
This email is from someone in Australia, I believe.
So.
Crikey.
Hi.
I've been listening for the past six months on podcasts and have been enjoying it.
It breaks up the ride to and from work, so I'm not bored just looking at the window,
seeing the same thing every day.
I can't listen live as it's in the middle of Monday and I'm at work.
Only have been live once.
The changeover to all games has been good.
I've noticed the upgrade in audio from the first second.
Glad to see you've left dead 365.
I actually do want to point out the change in audio has nothing to do with our all games move.
The live change in audio, yes.
The podcast change in audio was just a decision that we just did.
We went through it and that is that we used to be encoded in 56K stereo.
But honestly, how much music have we been playing on the show?
Not a lot.
So we downgraded.
We actually downgraded to mono, but we went to 64K mono.
There's a lot of difference there in the sound quality, so it sounds really good.
I've been playing Mario Kart Wii quite a bit over the past few months,
and I found out something that Rob won't like too much.
Sorry to tell you, Rob, but Toadette is an unlockable character on Mario Kart Wii.
God damn it!
Thanks for everything and keep up the good work.
Long live the ferret.
That's the one I was trying to get to.
King Mill is also sponsored by the Olive Garden.
Unfortunately, no never-ending breadsticks here in Australia.
What?
Thanks is from Michael.
Bobby Blackwolf's in chat, our old buddy who errors an hour before us.
He is actually taking credit for the sound upgrade.
He says, no, actually, all games is responsible for this change too.
Don't believe Rob.
We were like, you can't come unless you're in 64K mono.
It's true.
Rob.
What?
Rob.
What?
On May 1st, let's go to Olive Garden.
I can't.
I'm still on the low-fat diet until at least...
You can get low-fat?
Really?
Yes.
All right, then we can go on May 1st.
I will personally look over their menu and pick out the crap that isn't fat.
You can get a diet menu anywhere.
That's what I've learned.
I've been in Vegas on May 1st.
All right, here we go with the Food Network again.
But here's the quick thing.
If the listeners that have been listening for a couple months know that I have issues in my pancreas,
I'm going to pick low-fat diet because of it until at least May 9th.
Here's the thing is that like part of the thing I've learned,
like I went to Ruby Tuesdays this week with some of my coworkers that were visiting from L.A.
and they were getting the spinach dip and the avocado dip and they were like,
mmm, this is so good.
I'm so sorry, Rob.
I'm so sorry you can't eat this.
So I learned that they have a diet menu.
You know what I ate at Ruby Tuesdays, nice low-fat?
I ate an unflavored piece of cooked chicken and broccoli.
That was my dinner.
Whoop-de-hoo.
Well, I think that also part of, I think that, you know, possibly the,
you didn't ask if it's all the fats or if it's just saturated, saturates.
It's all fat.
It's any fat.
Oh, man.
I can't have fat.
I can't have caffeine.
I can't have carbonation.
You can't digest vitamin E now.
It's horrible.
You cannot digest vitamin E.
May 5th marks one month since I got out of the hospital.
But here's the thing, I had Thai food last night in San Francisco
that I thought was going to be healthy for me,
and I think I overindulged a little bit because my chest was hurting last night,
and that's not a good sign.
I'm really worried.
I don't want to have this forever.
All right, OL Foodio is over.
Let's get back to the e-mail.
Hey, give me a second.
My eyes hurt.
Orange Lounge Foodio.
Okay.
Hey, OLR.
First off, a big F-you to Nintendo for giving a mandatory update
with Super Smash Bros. Brawl.
I permanently have Photo Channel 1.1.
This means I need to make M4A files to listen to music on Photo Channel,
which means I have to delete my MP3 files for one of my favorite racing games,
Excite Truck.
Loki, I love the game as much as you do.
You are not alone.
Next, would you buy anything with the word strip before the title
if it were on Xbox Live Arcade?
Yes.
What if it's strip mine?
That's what I keep thinking of.
What if it's, you know, strip racing?
Or strip paint.
You know, where you go to the wall and put turpentine and shit.
Third, are you looking forward to any WiiWare games
when the service comes out next week?
I actually like Defend Your Castle way more than I ought to,
so I'll probably buy Defend Your Castle on the Wii
because that game is so much freaking hilarity on the PC,
and yeah, I know it's been out for years.
That might be.
I'm looking forward to seeing the competitive one.
And yes, I want the strong, bad Wii game.
That's going to be hilarious, but I know that's not out at launch.
That's what I want. Oh, man.
Let's see.
The chat room wants to let our e-mailer know.
BlackWolf is saying he can just delete the 1.1 channel,
and ActDeft is going to post a link in chat.
There is a way you can downgrade the photo channel from 1.1.
You can get rid of that if you want to go back to the old one.
Probably you can Google it since you're not a live listener, it sounds like.
Was this the same guy from Australia?
No, this is Katamari's Forever.
Oh, well, shit, Katamari's Forever I think is in chat right now.
Or did they leave?
Oh, I think they left.
Well, poor thing because they're about to get a link in chat.
But if they happen to be listening to the podcast,
I'm sure it's out there somewhere.
Shoot us a message. We'll find it.
ActDeft is posting a link from Joystiq,
you know, the blog with Joystiq with a Q.
It was posted on December 13th of last year if you want to go find it.
Just Google it. Photo channel downgrade, you'll find it.
Lastly, I recently bought Night's Journey of Dreams.
It's a cool and very cute game, but it suffers from simplicity.
However, the voice acting is top notch and it sort of alludes to eternity's child.
I hope to see you at the Olive Garden when the endless pasta deal comes back.
And Night's has always been simplistic in play.
However, having upgraded, you know, better voice acting is really good
because the Saturn version is like, and Claris decided that she was going to go out.
It's like they took one of their secretaries who just happened to speak English and say,
here, do this. Okay.
And yes, it had the same bad voice acting in Japan.
Sadly, that's probably how it happened.
Oh, yeah, I went and done it.
P.S. Where did Dr. Sakura get the ferret?
I haven't listened for that long and I'd like to know of its origins.
Thanks again.
It's not my ferret, but I have adopted it as my baby.
I want to say this week on the Wikia, I posted a huge,
I went to the Wikia to clear up two questions that were being asked of me.
One of them was the ferret.
No, the ferret article was wrong, so I went and posted a big old thing in the talk section,
so you can go read that.
And also on the Wikia, how OLR got its name.
Dr. Tetsuya wanted me to post a thing about that, so I posted a big old thing on that,
including why we named it that, and so on and so on.
Oh, my God.
ActDeft is also pointing a step by step.
He actually went and got a bullet point list of how you downgrade the photo channel.
So here it is.
From the main menu, go into the Wii manual, go into the Wii button,
select data management, select channels, then select photo channel 1.1.
Confirm you want to delete it.
Photo channel 1.0 will return.
There you have it.
Stuff.
A long email.
Oh, Lord.
Dun, dun, dun.
From who?
Guess who it's from.
From who?
It is from Raw Steel UT.
He must be listening tonight.
He must have heard the thing earlier, didn't he?
I don't know.
All right.
Well, read however much you want to.
Hey, guys.
Hi.
I'm a girl, so you should clarify, too.
Hey, guys and girl.
Hi, baby.
Anyway.
You really wanted him to start emailing?
Hey, baby.
No.
I was just being silly.
Rob, the heat in here is giving me a freaking migraine.
Look, you're sitting right by the fan.
I don't know what to say.
It doesn't matter.
I still have a migraine.
And the box fan is broke.
All right.
Come on.
Read the email.
He broke the box.
Just because I can't get on the chat anymore doesn't mean I can't participate.
Dude, unban him, okay?
My official decree is to freaking unban him, so do it.
Oh, snap.
Now.
All right.
There you have it.
I'd probably say more things that DMN and other game pirates don't like in these emails,
but what are they going to do?
Ban me?
Anyway.
Anyway, I wanted to start by talking about light gun games on consoles, particularly
games that use limited continues.
The problem with console ports of arcade shooters is that, by and large, they're very vanilla
ports without much consideration for the home consoles.
Obviously, you need to get the arcade mode in there, give people the option of free play,
but in order to give a balanced experience that feels like it's not being made to bilk
your ass for quarters, there needs to be a console-specific game mode.
House of the Dead 2 and Vampire Knight had cool little mode where you could find special
items that could then be equipped for use in the next playthrough.
That was a cool little beginning, but since we've seen very little progress to making
console-specific experiences, however, two games that have been released recently show
a way for console light gun games to work.
First, we have Time Crisis 4 Complete Mission Mode.
In between the FPS stages, players will play through the arcade stages, but there is a
difference in how they work versus the arcade mode.
The player starts each stage with four units of life regardless of their health at the
end of the previous stage.
Upon death, the stage starts at the very beginning.
They can, however, retry as many times as they like.
This makes the game challenging without being a cheap exercise in credit draining.
Another game is Resident Evil Umbrella Chronicles.
This game has a checkpoint at the center of the stage and at the final boss, and items
found in the game can be used immediately or stored for later use.
One can only hope that more light gun games will provide more robust experiences.
Did he use robust?
Because just the arcade game isn't enough.
Remember, you can't spell robust without Rob.
Or bust.
Like Robobust.
More email.
More email!
Fine!
Next, I saw something on Kotaku regarding the obscene amount of time it takes to quit
the PC versions of Assassin's Creed.
It took a full minute to quit the game using the in-game menus.
Granted, you can control alt-delete and quit that way, but seeing just how asinine
the in-game quit ordeal is really cast doubt over Ubi's willingness to cater to the PC
crowd, especially with the continued downfall of the PC as a mainstream gaming platform
i.e. retail games and not ad-supported casual stuff.
And it's at Kotaku.com slash 384339 slash Assassins dash Creed dash I dash can't dash quit dash U.
I think that's pretty freakin' funny.
Next, I have to talk about the Perfect 10 review IGN gave GTA IV, which was coincidentally
an exclusive first review.
First off, one has to question the ethical integrity of an exclusive review.
We don't hear about exclusive music or movie previews.
It just doesn't happen.
Why?
Because the music and movie reviews tend to have more integrity than much of the gaming
enthusiast media.
Indeed, I've never seen an exclusive review that wasn't a glowing puff piece for the game
in question.
And the reviewer in this case made it obvious, with hyperbole like calling it the best game
in a decade and proclaiming it to be perfect.
I can imagine the guy writing the review on his knees while his mouth was otherwise occupied.
Considering Loki's criticism of the soundtrack, Jamie's complete disinterest in the boring
monotony, and both Loki and Rob saying that the cheats are what make GTA fun, it really
looks like Rockstar is buying reviews, or at least like many reviewers are mystified
by the uber popular franchise and not wanting to believe they're even the slightest thing
wrong with it.
You know what, I just want to jump in here.
I actually really agree with what he's saying here, because I think it is absolute bullshit
that IGN gets this exclusive review, and coincidentally it gets a 10 out of 10.
Now, I think we all knew Grand Theft Auto was going to get stellar reviews across the
board, but quite frankly, IGN's word is tarnished, period, from this.
If you get an exclusive review from a company and all this stuff, of course you're going
to say good things about it.
You know what I mean?
Well, and I wouldn't really say that it's exclusive.
I mean, a lot of people shared the 10 out of 10, and to be honest, I think the official
Xbox magazine had a 10 out of 10 review way before this, but I don't know.
The whole rating system is kind of skewed anyways, and really what you need to do is
just ignore the ratings and just read what they write, because they'll explain in the
review that it's not perfect and that there's issues and stuff, and that's really what you
need to take.
You don't buy your game based off of a number review.
It's just like if you scored a B on a test or something, well, what's more important,
the fact that you scored a B or why you scored a B on the test?
I mean, that's what's more important, I would think, to an individual.
And the other thing, too, is a lot of people are skewed.
I mean, there's a lot of Grand Theft Auto fanboys out there, and I'll be first to say
I love the game, and I absolutely think it's not perfect, but it's, I mean, what do you
expect?
It's basically as much of a jump from Grand Theft Auto 3 to 4 as it was from 2 to 3, and
that was pretty big, so it's great.
It's what it needs to go, but you know what?
When they do come out with the next Vice City or whatever that is using the same engine,
it's going to be that much better, so I don't know.
But yeah, exclusive of anything is retarded.
Well, there was more to that paragraph.
The lack of balls in mainstream gaming media is frighteningly familiar to anyone who remembers
the gaming industry crash of 1983, when people started buying video games in general because
even shitty games were getting glowing reviews.
Hopefully the growth of independent media such as All Games Radio will stem the tide
of consumer distrust before the industry explodes.
Lastly, while the Nintendo Wii is still selling like crazy, attach rates are still lower than
either other console, and third parties are increasingly looking at the Wii as nothing
more than a disposable toy.
GameStop can't keep Wiis in stock, but have huge piles of accessories, and the only consistent
sellers are Wii Play and Nintendo mascot games.
Nintendo can make all the money they want, but they've not achieved their alleged goal
of increasing the market.
Some gamers still aren't buying games, and the gamers who aren't Nintendo fanboys are
increasingly dissatisfied with the system, yours truly while still UT.
This letter brought to you by Taco Bell, home of the never-ending diarrhea.
I do agree that they haven't really expanded much beyond, because they were trying to get
out of the whole rut that the GameCube is just a game for kids.
Well, the fact that they're releasing kid games all across, and I...
Okay, so they released Metroid Prime 3, but big deal, one game out of, you know, I don't
know how many they've made, that doesn't really count.
And yeah, they are targeting, you know, the casual player and stuff with these, you know,
like Wii Fit, and, you know, just the Wii console, and Wii Sports and everything, and
so yeah, there's a lot of people that will buy it just for Wii Sports, and that's it.
And they've sold, you know, they've profited from that maybe about ten bucks, you know,
because they're probably making some money off each console, but that's it.
And you know, then they're getting people to buy accessories and stuff, and there's,
you know, a lot of markup there too, so it's just retarded.
I think it's important to remember, not that I'm trying to make excuses for the Wii, because
the Wii certainly has its shortcomings, you know, especially as we've kind of moved on
a year past its launch and so on, or almost two years getting there, is that the Wii doesn't
lose money with every sale, whereas PlayStation 3 loses quite a bit of money, and Xbox 360
I think now about breaks even, but when it was first out it was losing money too, so
they have to sell more games to kind of make a profit, but Nintendo Wii, they're profiting
right out the gate, so kind of like Logie says, you just buy it for Wii Sports, there's
still a profit to be made, but I think as long as Nintendo puts out those, you know,
one, two games a year that you just have to freaking have, the soccer moms, and I think
Wii Fit is this year's, it's still going to be a big deal.
So, you know, but again, it's just a different audience than the hardcore gamer, so if Nintendo
wants to appeal to the hardcore gamer, I guess we get Metroid Prime 3, Mario Kart's not bad,
you know, there's some of those games.
I just don't think, but here's my problem with Nintendo is I don't think they get the
market still, even though they may, you know, they're in theory tapping parts of the market
that, you know, haven't been tapped before, like the casual gamer and stuff, maybe you
shouldn't be tapping that market because it's not profitable for you, you're selling tons
of consoles, but these people aren't buying, you know, games.
It's also the same problem with Sony, you're selling a Playstation 3 as a Blu-ray player,
well these people may not buy games either, so now you're losing money on that sale, but
you're not necessarily making it up in Blu-ray sales.
Keep in mind also Nintendo is a Japanese company, Microsoft is an American company, and while
yes, Sony is a Japanese company as well, you kind of get the feeling that there's a little
bit of tug-of-war going on between their American and Japanese arms as to, you know, who's controlling
the Playstation 3, you know what I mean?
So, it's something else to consider as well, because definitely you have a vastly different
audience when you talk about the Japanese gaming audience, and the American gaming audience
just look at any top 10 chart from a week, and there you have it.
And I mean, the same I guess could be said for the DS, because the Nintendo-made games
tend to sell very well, and there are, it's starting to come around for third-party stuff,
and I think it's going to come around eventually for the Wii as well, because I mean the Wii's
only been out for, you know, not that long, so, I mean, sure there's a ton of crappy ports,
just like there was a ton of crappy Xbox ports for the Xbox 360 when it first came out, and
there was a ton of crappy Playstation 1 ports for, you know, the Playstation 2 when it first came out.
But it's that Fantavision. Fantavision was fun, I liked Fantavision.
I don't know. But, you know, stuff will get better, and people, unfortunately, you know,
people understand that there are shovelware games out there, and you know what, the best
thing you can do is just not buy them, you know, granted there are stupid people that
will buy them, but that's fine, that's who they're catered to.
There will always be the Walmart crowd that buys them because they're cheap.
Exactly, but that's fine, those companies are there, you know, it's pretty funny though,
because we had some of the publishers out, and there were some publishers that deal in
specifically, you know, I want to say it was Destiny, but I'm not sure, but they're a
company that dealt with, like, really small games that, you know, didn't really do that
well, and they understand where their market is, they understand that they're not trying
to compete with, like, Grand Theft Auto, they're competing, you know, they're basically
just putting them out there because they sell, and that's it.
So, you know, they understand that their games aren't that quality, but they accept them
for what they are, so it's just people that are dumbing to buy them.
Alright, let's move on, that was the end of the email, are there any more emails?
No, no, no, there were two more.
Okay.
Hey, OLR, Hope Sky and the Fair are okay, I just thought I'd say, since I started to
listen to OLR episode 245, the show has changed so much, and you can use Studio and the
All Games move, OLR just getting bigger and better, congrats.
I should be live for once as I live in the UK, so keep an eye out, as it won't happen
again for a while, and that's from Lichen, that's in the chat room right now.
They are in chat, awesome.
Last email!
I just wanted to say, that person did kind of put it into perspective, there has been
a lot of changes to the show just in the past year, so it's pretty exciting.
Soon the world.
Last email.
Dun dun dun.
Hi, OLR, I have been really bored because I forced myself to stop Crysis.
I've been playing other games right now, like Ragnarok 2, but I think it hates Vista,
what doesn't, so it gives me a BSOD, to translate a blue screen of death.
I have a bit of money, so I want a PS2 game for my new PS2, and I recommend games for
an RPG fan, not Kingdom Hearts, period.
I already own Kingdom Hearts 1, Ace Combat 5, Tony Hawk's Project 8, Game of Pure Fail.
Some PC games would do, but it can be a shooter, no Valve games, I'd rather RPGs.
Honestly, Kingdom Hearts 2 is much better than Kingdom Hearts 1, but if you want RPG,
give Final Fantasy X or X-2, I mean those were fairly solid.
Those were good.
12 was great.
I played 12 and I did not like the battle system at all.
There's people up and down screaming, you gotta get Persona 3.
Yeah, Persona 3.
Disgaea, if you like tactical games.
I'm trying to think of what the new...
It's not really an RPG, but the Fatal Frame games were getting some...
have a little bit of a fan falling behind them too.
This is from SakuraiMax, dragging misery into my life.
I hope all the idiots who exist in my life would just go away.
Okay, I'm not going to read the rest of that, that's emo.
PS, Drip Lounge Radio.
PSS Orange Lounge Radio, it's better than Crysis.
Indeed, it is better than Crysis.
Now we're done with emails.
Yar.
Oh, I got one more mention from Royal Steel UT.
Oh, how long is it?
Not long.
Alright, hurry.
Sorry guys, but with my banning from chat, I can't respond fast to the topics I like.
Just some quick things though.
In the US, fansubbing is still illegal as it violates the original rights holders.
In this case, Japanese anime makers.
Companies like Media Factory Incorporated have sent cease and desist orders to torrent sites carrying fansubs of their anime.
And we've seen an increase in recent years of pre-licensed anime such as Ghost of the Shell Standalone Complex.
In some cases even funded in part by US companies like ADV and Manga Entertainment.
Japanese companies are obviously discontent with fansubbers as they devalue a license and are also available for Japanese users.
The internet being what it is.
JSRAC is a company formed by such anime companies and have frequently had problems with YouTube over the fansub content of their service.
As for the sequel to Rival Schools, while it is still called Project Justice Rival Schools 2 in Latin American Europe,
the subtitle Rival Schools 2 was removed from the American A.I. I knew that.
Presumably not to cause controversy two years after the Columbine Massacre in Japan, it was referred to as Moru Justice Gakuen, which is what I said.
And that's the name I still mostly refer to it by because I had the Japanese version for a long, long time.
So yeah.
Done!
If you want to email us, mailbag at orangeloungeradio.com.
Meanwhile, more gaming news!
Yes. There's going to be a brand new game. Actually, this looks pretty awesome. I've got one on order for myself and I'm not really into racing games.
But, Grid, the brand new game from Codemasters. You may remember them doing Dirt, which is a pretty well accepted game.
This time, you know, it's going to be all street racing and, well, street circuits and that kind of stuff.
It is pretty cool though. They're going to have integration with eBay Motors.
So you can actually, I guess, sell vehicles that you have created in-game through eBay.
I don't know how that's actually going to work though if you're going to have to pay real money for it.
It says, well, it's going to allow players to buy and sell in-game vehicles in a realistic setting.
And it says also they're going to have different eBay sponsor races like the eBay Motor Muscle Series.
They're going to have, let's see, some other concept cars and stuff like that with eBay stuff plastered all over it.
It doesn't really say though that they're going to be using real money.
So I'm not sure if it's just using eBay with some fictional money or what's going on there.
God, I hope it's not real eBay. As if there wasn't enough shit on eBay. Really.
You could actually probably buy shit on eBay.
I could find out.
No, it's probably against their terms of service, but that doesn't mean there isn't one for sale that's waiting to get taken down.
I mean, once in a while I'll go on eBay and search for souls, people selling their soul on eBay.
And there's usually a couple to be found even though you can't sell those.
All right, moving on to something.
I guess the ticket redemption industry probably sold their soul to the devil to chew real arcade games out of arcades.
But I thought this was kind of interesting.
There is a new bill in South Carolina that Representative Todd Rutherford has brought to light that deals with ticket redemption games and illegal gambling.
But it's not what you think. Here's the thing.
The sponsor of the bill, he calls it the Chuck E. Cheese bill.
And what it is is that right now a game like skeeball or a type of video game, it might violate the law.
However, what he wants to do is he actually wants to clearly state that these games do not violate the gambling law, that they're okay.
So it's actually, you know, usually when we talk about, you know, game related bills going into effect, we're talking about some type of extreme ass hattery.
But in this case, I guess it makes sense.
You know, it's just kids messing around. They don't want to consider it gambling.
They don't expect any opposition because, you know, the bill is simply saying that children's games at Chuck E. Cheese are not illegal.
That doesn't change the fact, though, that, you know, these games at Chuck E. Cheese is one thing.
But these games, having taken over my favorite arcades of yesteryear, are another.
And it kind of ticks me off. I don't know about you guys, but I'm a little bit pissed off that ticket redemption games have overtaken arcades I used to know and love and shed other ones out of business.
And hence, that's why I think it's time to do the FUs of the week.
My FU is to these stupid people.
And I know I always do talk about, you know, traffic and stupid people driving, but this couple in a big mini, it's not really mini.
It's just a van.
We're turning around where you cannot do a U-turn and so turned into the next street and did a wide loop.
So I was like, fuck you, you have to wait since they're technically in a right hand turning lane now.
And I went and honked at them quite loudly. Stupid bitch.
And also FU to the heat.
I mean, it's not very hot right now and it was really nice outside, but the sun specifically.
FU, sun!
You need to get a really big rock and throw it at the sun.
Little bit of tan.
Or a burn. Loki.
I don't have any FUs this week.
I guess.
Okay, I got one. FU to Burger King for coming out with the Deluxe Steakhouse Burger.
Because I understand as cool of an idea as it sounds like on paper, it really is not a very good burger.
I mean, it's got, what, you know, steak, like onions.
But where they go wrong with it is that it has mashed potatoes on the burger.
You should do that in elementary school.
That sounds nasty.
If you tried it, it wasn't very good.
But the Steakhouse Burger itself was good. Just don't go Deluxe.
Or if you do, minus mashed potatoes.
It sounds more like a Shepherd's Pie Burger.
Because potatoes are good on a Shepherd's Pie, but I wouldn't...
They do that with their breakfast burgers. They have one with hash browns on it.
Which hash browns aren't so bad because it's got that crunchy outside to it.
But mashed potatoes, it's just weird.
It's not... no.
I need to put my french fries on my hamburger.
You cannot take a meal, put it between buns, and call it a fucking burger.
It just doesn't work.
If you've got this beef in there, you can.
Misty, by the way, is in chat, and she's a BK expert of sorts.
She says, I agree with that.
Hey, I like the potatoes. It's the meat that's fucking nasty.
No, the meat's not bad.
Try McDonald's. That shit's horrible.
Here we go again with Orange Lounge Foodio.
My FU of the Week goes to my pancreas, again, for giving me problems the past few days.
Specifically the cysts that I believe burst on my pancreas.
Ew, I know.
But think how it feels.
Just a couple days ago, which caused me to have a lot of pain.
And I'm still in pain today. It feels like there's a hole in my pancreas.
It hurts. I hate it.
And FU'd a drama in general.
I'm not talking about any chat room drama that's going on or whatever.
I'm talking about drama in my personal life because I had a lot of drama.
I had epic drama yesterday.
Epic with a capital E-P-I-C. All caps. Epic drama yesterday.
It was great.
And by great, I mean shitty.
All right.
There you have it, Chair of FUs of the Week.
Let's get back to some gaming news.
Yes, we must.
Okay. Guess what?
Arby's bought out Wendy's for real?
They did?
How did Arby's buy-
Here we go back to Orange on Radio Fudio.
Arby's bought Wendy's.
Wouldn't it be the other way around? I thought Wendy's was number three.
Shouldn't Wendy's buy Arby's?
Arby's is nastified.
Except their hash brown things are really good to dip in the cheese.
So guess what?
What?
Home.
Oh, they're trying to buy Wendy's. Sorry.
Yes, home. I'm in it.
The open beta is going to be in fall 2008.
So the closed beta has been extended.
However, Sony is going to be inviting more people to join.
So maybe they'll actually update stuff in it like they said they were.
How about they invite everyone to join and just release it?
Because I think they're still hashing out stuff.
And according to some of the updates, there haven't really been updates.
They've just been sort of sitting there going la la la.
This takes me back to what was it?
I want to say spring of 2006 when they're like,
yeah, the PlayStation 3 is coming out in spring of 2006.
Oh, wait, no, it's not.
It's coming out next year.
And hasn't home been delayed like four times now?
Yeah.
And we haven't had the boomerang.
Home spore forever, Duke Nukem, Chinese democracy.
Come on.
Well, not like we have democracy here.
Anyway.
But yeah, Sony delays.
Hey, you unplugged me, bastard.
It's all right.
It just makes my monitor go slightly dimmer.
Live radio.
I had to get up for a minute. Sorry.
So one thing that's not been delayed is any sort of sequels to Guitar Hero.
And there's more rumors now coming out about Guitar Hero 4,
including that, yes, they're going to jump on the rock band bandwagon,
adding vocals, drums, and regular download content to the next game.
One of the other things that they were saying that they want to add as well
is local content from local bands.
Although I'm assuming when they're saying local, that means major city local
and not like, I don't know, Hoboken, you know.
Whether this will happen or not, I'm sure we'll find out at E3.
And if it does, does anyone think this is sort of copying?
I mean, do we even want to go there?
No. No other game has done this before.
Well, good. It'll be the first.
I don't know.
What can they do to differentiate themselves from rock band?
Because you know that people are going to say something.
They're, I don't know.
They're going to make their drums look different.
Or not.
Here's the thing, though.
Here's the thing that is going to piss me the F off,
is that the controllers will not be compatible again.
Now, I'm telling you what.
There is going to be hell to pay from the consumers,
and one of these games is going to be out.
I mean, right now there's room for two,
but one of these games will be shut out
if they start making these controllers incompatible with each other.
Mark my words.
Well, here's the thing. Here's the thing.
The controllers were incompatible because, well,
Microsoft says all the controllers have to work with all the games, basically.
I mean, guitar games have to work with all the guitar controllers, et cetera.
So you won't ever run into that issue with the Xbox 360.
Where you will run into this issue with is the Wii, PlayStation 2,
and PlayStation 3 versions, where they just say,
where Activision's like, well, you know what?
We're just not going to license you to use these controllers to fuck off, buy ours.
I don't know.
It's just kind of lame.
It's kind of lame, but the same, I guess.
You can't just have one fighting game, one music game,
but these games are expensive.
Thank you.
I think it's a little too late.
You have to innovate or get out.
They originally were kind of trying to corner the hardcore guitar playing thing.
It's kind of like In a Groove and Dance Dance Revolution,
whereas In the Groove was more technical.
It was a lot harder.
And they're going to do stuff like that,
whereas Rock Band's more accessible.
Granted, it's really expensive to get into it,
but it's more accessible, it's easier.
And one was a giant flop,
although you have about 100 hardcore fans that will scream and bitch
and try to tell you otherwise.
Well, here's my thing.
Now, harmonix is not developing the game.
Is it going to be any good?
I don't know if Guitar Hero 3 was quite as good as Guitar Hero 2.
I'm sure there's people who will go both ways.
But the fact that they're developing entirely new stuff for it,
like some sort of singing thing and that kind of stuff,
I don't know.
And we'll harmonix Sue because they're kind of ripping them off.
But then again, Konami's been ripped off on all this stuff,
so I don't know.
When's Konami going to do something?
That's what I want to know.
They've been sitting there kind of going doo-dee-doo-doo.
They realize they missed out.
How do I mark a music game to the U.S.?
I don't know.
At least we have DDR.
Oh, goody.
Hey, one game I have not been playing enough of lately
that I really need to go back and beat
because this game was all kinds of awesome,
and I don't know why I fell out of the habit of playing.
Lost Odyssey. Awesomeness.
Lost Odyssey just got some download content.
Maybe that might motivate some people to give it another look.
It is the triple bonus pack, and it will set you back 200 points.
That's not too bad. It's about 250.
The triple bonus pack has the memory lamp,
which will allow you to watch all the past event scenes again,
which is good because Lost Odyssey,
you know, high-def cutscenes, awesomeness, good times.
Shattered Bond is a new antique
that adds another one of the dream sequences in The Lost Odyssey,
which you really have to kind of experience
a Lost Odyssey dream sequence.
It's unlike anything we've seen in gaming for a little while since Zork.
This is reading.
But it's cool. I can't explain it.
But the stories are really good.
They're really good.
Whatever. You didn't play enough of it.
Killer Machine is a new ring also that comes out with the game,
and rings are an essential part of the game.
If you play the game, you know that.
So there you have it. Download content for Lost Odyssey.
Also some other download content.
I think, what was it? Army of Two?
Got some download content this week as well.
So if you're into that game, there's some new download content
you can check out there.
600 points for the SSC challenge.
I have Army of Your Mom.
Well, Army of Me and Your Mom would be too.
You know what?
The next story makes me sad.
Why is that?
Well, it doesn't make me sad as far as their stance,
but it makes me sad for the industry in general.
There is a story run in the New York Times about Stern Pinball
being the last pinball factory left in the world.
And the president of the company, Gary Stern,
basically said that they're planning on sticking around
and that they expect the industry to rebound in the next ten years.
It's basically become more of the enthusiast's market these days.
So now that when they're selling their machines,
they're not going to arcades, they're going to people.
They're going to the people who really care about the product.
I just think it's sad.
Damn you, Williams.
I just hope it doesn't go away forever.
You know what I mean?
When you hear there's only one left, it's kind of sad.
Well, they've got the market.
The end of an era.
Hey, you know what I was reading up on that I really want to go to this year?
The spiral table they did was good.
California Extreme.
I've got to make sure I go this year.
Oh, I love California Extreme.
I know.
Pinna-Go-Go is, I won't be going to it this year because I'll have company.
Oh, sad.
But Pinna-Go-Go is Memorial Day weekend.
Oh, fun.
I think I actually have Memorial Day weekend free this year.
Oh, yeah, because Fond of May isn't happening for us this year.
We're sitting out this year.
So maybe I'll go to that instead.
We'll see.
Dan, where are we going?
We'll see.
Penny Arcade Expo, by the way,
as long as my medical issues pull through, I'm going,
which means, you know, it is the last weekend in August, Seattle.
I want to go.
And, by the way, going to be a huge conglomeration of All Games podcasters there.
Like, at least six different shows have representation, if not more.
It's going to be pretty awesome.
So, good, I hope you can go, Jamie.
I hope you can talk to wife into letting you go, Loki.
So, we'll see.
Speaking of Loki, he's got our last story for tonight.
And after that story is read, we're going to open up the Skype line,
which is available at 1-877-GAME-OLR, our username on Skype,
Orange Lounge Radio.
Yes, when he's not butchering franchises or threatening Michael Bay to a fist fight,
Ui Bull is trying to hit up other franchises for movie options,
and one of those franchises happened to be World of Warcraft,
in which he, I don't know, tried to get Blizzard to allow him to create a movie for,
in which Blizzard COO Paul Sams replied,
We will not sell the movie rights, not to you, especially not to you.
Bravo!
You know, they're worried that because it's such a success online,
that a bad movie would destroy that oncoming income, perhaps, or at least tarnish it.
Good for Blizzard for realizing what epic mistake they would have made
if they'd let him direct this movie.
So, are we sure this is actually true?
I think it is.
You know, because part of me goes,
this seems like a fanboy might have said this or something, I don't know.
So, all right, well that's going to do it for tonight's stories,
until we get to last minute stories, of which I'm sure Loki has a few of tonight.
But for now, we're going to open up the Skype line, 1-877-GAME-OLR,
our username on Skype is Orange Lounge Radio.
Let's go to the phones and open them up, and we've got a call.
Hello, caller, are you there?
Hey, what's up, guys?
Hey, who is this?
This is Toshin from All Games and every other chat room known to man.
What's up, Toshin? You listen to pretty much all the All Games shows, don't you?
I listen to a lot of them because I'm a bored person.
That's all right. That's why it's there.
You know, some people listen to regular radio, some people listen to All Games radio, if they're cool.
Yeah.
But you've been listening to All Games for ages, haven't you?
Like, you were with them back when they were, what was that other thing, pseudo or whatever they had?
Yep.
Way back there. No, I actually skipped G4.
Wow.
But I was around back when Scott was on the East Coast and all that.
Well, that's because you're in Canada, so you kind of had to skip out on G4, right?
Yeah, I've never seen anything related to G4 ever, which is probably safer.
Ah, you ain't missin' much.
Anyhow, well, what's on your mind?
I've come into a new console called Xbox 360, and I was wondering if you could recommend me some stuff.
Xbox 360. The Xbox 360 is awesome. Are you online with your Xbox 360? Have you checked out Xbox Live Arcade yet?
I'm actually working on that as we speak. I'm on a temporary laptop because my other PC got fried over the week, so I haven't been online much, but that's a different story.
But as soon as I get it back, I'm going to definitely hit up Live, and I'm going to need some friends and all that kind of stuff.
Good times.
Good times.
Jamie's going to recommend the Orange Box for Portal.
I was going to say, on Xbox Live Arcade, you definitely want to get some stuff. You've got to get Geometry Wars. You've got to get...
Symphony of the Night.
Symphony of the Night. Oh, hell yeah. You're a music game fan, right? That's what brought you to LR in the first place, right?
Yes.
You've got to get Res HD. In fact...
Ooh, nice. I have that for my Dreamcast, too.
In fact, we still have a code for Res HD that I never gave away.
And now, if he just got an Xbox 360, he might be the one person who doesn't already have Res.
Which I don't.
I might have to give Toshin the code for Res HD.
So...
But, well, we have to make Toshin do something to earn it.
What can we make Toshin do to earn it?
I'm on the hook, am I?
You what?
I'm on the hook, am I?
Oh, Footy Monster's complaining because he doesn't have Res either.
Well, I don't know. We'll figure something out.
Toshin, you and I will have a chat offline and maybe we can hook you up with Res.
Maybe I'll have to make you and Footy Monster fight for it.
Ooh, maybe we'll make...
I'm sure. He hits his own podcast.
You know what we'll do? We'll make Footy and Toshin play a game next week on the show.
We'll get some guests and we'll play match game. Are you going to be here next week?
Up here.
Alright. We're going to get Toshin. I'll make Footy come next week.
Footy and Toshin will play epic match game.
We're going to play epic match game next week. Why is it epic?
You'll find out. I have a new idea for match game to make it epic.
So we're going to play epic match game next week.
Alright.
He's already fucking smacked me.
Anyhow.
What other types of games do you like, Toshin?
I mean, I like XBLA. I've played a couple of those games.
I like anything. I'm pretty neutral. I mean, I won't knock down a game until I've tried it.
So I'm pretty open to trying anything like RPGs.
If you like RPGs, you must, must, must get Lost Odyssey. It's amazing.
It's not getting enough buzz out there. I don't know why.
For classic RPG fans, if you like your old school RPGs from Super Nintendo and the Final Fantasy and stuff, you will love Lost Odyssey.
Okay.
Other types of games. Well, of course, Portal if you're into shooters and the Orange Box is just a great deal overall, frankly.
Loki, what about my recommendation from you?
Grand Theft Auto IV.
What's that?
I keep hearing stuff about it, though.
Never heard of it.
Alright.
I'll have to look into that one.
Well, there you have some suggestions, Toshin. Good luck to you and congratulations on your purchase.
I'll definitely check that out.
Any last thoughts for our listeners?
Um, just enjoy the weather. It's getting nice out and turn down the garage.
It is very, very hot out here right now. We're trying to enjoy it, but it's difficult when you're cooking alive out here.
So we're cooking Mama alive.
Don't worry, Mama will fix it.
What was that?
Not my mom.
Alright, Toshin, we gotta let you go. Take care, buddy.
Alright, see you later.
Bye-bye.
Why is Skype acting all janky tonight?
It's acting very slow.
I don't like it.
Hi, you're on Orange Launch Radio. Who's this?
Hey, it's Ronma. What's up, everyone?
Not much, although I've gotta say Skylark is like, in chat rooms, Skylark is like jumping up and down screaming Eternal Sonata, which also was a really good game.
And if you like more action-oriented RPGs, like not of the Kingdom Hearts caliber necessarily, it's just a great story.
If you like a good story, I do recommend Eternal Sonata.
Alright, what's up, Rama?
Well, a couple of things before I begin.
I'm glad that you guys finally mentioned Video Power, because every time you mention Starrcade, I'm like,
I've never seen this show, and I'm the only one that's ever seen Video Power.
I have never seen Video Power, but apparently Jamie has.
I've seen Video Power.
Really? How did I miss this show?
There was one episode where the kid had to Velcro a Nintendo Entertainment System box to his head, like he was running through a maze.
Mm-hmm.
It was funny.
Good times. Were you a contestant on Video Power or something?
No, but believe it or not, Video Power was actually two seasons.
The first season was with the kid that hosted it as a game show.
He would come in, show the Video Power cartoon, and after the end of the show, you put up either a review or a secret code, and that was it.
Then the second season was nothing but the game show aspect of it.
So it started as a game advice show, and then it morphed into a game show? That's kind of weird.
Yeah, it was sponsored by Acclaim because it was all about NARC, Quirk, Bigfoot, Arch-Vribals, all that together as a superhero team.
Whatever happened to Acclaim? Are they still around?
I don't remember that.
No, they went under.
Oh, hmm. They were big back in the day.
But they came back doing MMOs now.
Interesting.
Well, VidPowa, what other old school... We actually used to have a chatter named VidPowa now that I think about it. That's why I said it that way, because there was a chatter all the time that we had here.
I wonder if they got his name from that.
What other types of old school video game based TV shows do you remember?
I actually remembered a Qbert cartoon and Donkey Kong.
Yes. I remember the Qbert cartoon because it had the Valley Girl sort of character on there too.
Mm-hmm.
That said gag me with a rocket ship.
I remember a Pac-Man cartoon, but I don't remember Qbert.
The Pac-Man cartoons were good too.
That too.
Yeah.
I remember one year they had Pac-Man saving Santa Claus, and they played it at night, and I was so happy.
I always wanted to go on Nick Arcade, but I never did because my parents didn't take me places where I could go on. What?
I did watch Captain In and it pissed me off.
Why is that?
Because I was like, dude, these characters aren't like that. It sucks.
I loved the Super Mario Brothers Super Show.
I liked the Zelda episodes.
Yes. Zelda Fridays were always awesome.
That's all on DVD now.
I actually did like the Super Mario World one they did too. That one was pretty cool.
Mm-hmm. Good times.
And you could always do the Mario at the end of the show.
All right. Enough reminiscing. Anything else you want to share with listeners, Rama?
Skye, did you get Mario Kart Wii yet?
Did you call me Scott?
No.
I said Skye.
I was like, wrong show.
I know he's speaking New York.
Did I get Mario Kart Wii yet? I did not.
Yes.
I haven't picked it up yet.
Why not?
I spent the money on a new air conditioner for the garage today, so I'll probably get it this week.
It's a great game. I'm loving it.
I know. Loki had the advanced copy and we played it, so I got my fill of it, but I will buy the game because I do want to play online with other people, even if Toadette's in the game and I can't stand her.
It's also Baby Peach. That's not so bad.
That's true.
Loki, I want your friend code. I owe you an ass beating in Mario Kart.
I'll think about it as soon as I get online when I'm stopped, you know, playing.
God, you're lazy.
Yeah, as soon as he can tear himself away from Grand Theft Auto IV.
All right, Rama. We got to let you go to get more calls, but take care, buddy.
All right, cool. All right. Later, guys.
Later.
All right.
I know. Good luck tearing Loki away from Grand Theft Auto IV for a few days.
What the fuck is wrong with Skype today? It's running horribly on my end. At least the calls sound fine.
Hi, you're on Orange Lawn's Radio. Who's this?
Hey, what's up, guys? This is Footy Monster.
Well, hello, Footy Monster. So, are you going to be here next week?
Definitely. I want that free coffee for $60.
All right, all right. It's going to be you and Toshin duking it out in Epic Match Game. Just you wait.
The gloves are off.
All right.
Whatever you want to call it. Yeah.
All right. It's going to be good times.
So, what's on your mind, Footy?
Well, basically, I wanted to share with you guys what I think personally is the best RPG I've played in a long time.
Persona 3 again?
No. No. It's actually The World Ends With You for a DS that came out just last week.
Ah.
And let me tell you, it's out there with console RPGs. It's pretty fantastic.
You know, if I wasn't in such a PSP mood this week, I would have totally bought that game.
I think the soundtrack is pretty hopping.
Describe what this game is all about because I've not seen much about it except for some of the artwork and the soundtrack.
How does this game work?
Well, it has different mechanics.
Let me start by saying it's a game that can be as hardcore as you want it to be,
but at the same time it can be as simple as you want it to be, which I think is very interesting because for portable people,
especially RPG players on the go, maybe they don't want to delve too much into an RPG that's super complex,
but yet this game allows you to make it either really complex, like for instance, Shadow Slayer plays it in a really simple way,
and I've played it in a super complex way in which I do much more stuff,
yet we're both enjoying it just as much, which I thought was brilliant.
Interesting.
Like, for instance, the game works on both screens at the same time and you control two characters at the same time,
one on the bottom screen and one on the top screen.
On the bottom screen you control your styles to move and attack,
and on the top screen you move by your D-pad or if you're right-handed or left-handed with the face buttons.
And all you do, which sounds really convoluted because you had to basically work on both planes at the same time,
but the beauty is that you can actually set the other character to move automatically if you don't want to,
or maybe automatically if you don't move it by every two seconds,
so that way it gives you this freedom of like, okay, do I want to be really hardcore right now,
or do I just, I'm just playing for 30 minutes and I don't want to really buzz my head in with this?
And I thought that was pretty impressive.
Same with, on the fly, four different difficulty settings that you can change.
You can go with easy, with super easy, normal, which is okay except for the blast battle,
hard, which is always hard, and ultimate, which is impossible, basically.
You know what it reminds me of when you describe that whole character thing,
is for some reason I'm having flashbacks to Secret of Mana.
Like, remember how you could kind of customize the second and third players that you had?
You had the girl and the little sprite guy.
Like, you could kind of, you could customize the way they behaved,
but then, like, if you really wanted to, you just have a second person control the character.
Like, you could make it a two-player game.
Or if you're really hardcore, you can control them all yourself.
Right. That's kind of the thing, only that you can't really let anyone else control it.
Although I was thinking when I was playing this game with Jack,
we were thinking, dude, how awesome would it be if with Wi-Fi you could control top screen
and I could control bottom screen or, you know, vice versa.
It would be so much fun.
But this game really surprised me because I actually wrote in the audience forms
a small, like, super tiny paragraph that basically describes how I feel about this game.
Because it's, I tried to wrap it out in a way that I let people call in as well,
and not, you know...
So, if you allow me, I would like to read that, like, it's like five lines.
Sure, of course, go for it.
So, I basically, what I said is,
it's far none of the best RPG I've played in a while,
at least on portables,
Mass Effect and Persona 3 take the cake on consoles for sure,
at least in what I play lightly, right?
I was totally hooked with the story and the impressive amount of plot twists
that never seems to be interesting, which totally surprised me because
I can't remember the last time a BS game or a PSP game engaged me in that way.
In that way that I go, okay, I can't really put this down.
Like, Lost Odyssey could do with you.
That kind of commitment, which I was, it blew my mind really.
The game definitely must be played by any DS owner
just because it's really accessible as an RPG,
because you can tone everything down,
play easy, automatic on your partner,
and just never worry about anything by looking at the cool story,
or you can go all the way hardcore if you wanted to,
if you're a really avid RPG player.
And the music, as we've heard on the break today, is amazing,
and if you haven't checked it out, you need to check it out
because it's fantastic, it's out there with Persona 3,
super modern, super upbeat,
it has interesting beats that I really haven't heard in RPGs in a long time,
because RPGs today were elves in science fiction, maybe,
and Final Fantasy, and that's it.
And this modern day setting is so refreshing.
Like, you are in Shibuya, that's it, no frills, no nothing.
It's just a very stylish Shibuya, that's it.
You're in the middle of Tokyo.
Here's one question I have about the game,
because I have to admit, one of the turn-offs for the game for me
is that it's on the DS.
I don't like seeing these types of hardcore games on the DS,
because I don't know, maybe I'm just old-fashioned,
but the way I like to play my games is I like to have that big experience
on the big television and really immerse myself with everything.
I feel like I can't be as immersed in the DS.
DS is more like a casual game system for me,
and I know I need to kind of get over it.
But do you think this game might have been better if it wasn't on the DS,
if it was on the actual console?
Well, that's the thing.
That's why I'm so impressed by Square Enix here,
proving that they can do something that's not Dragon Quest
and that it's not Final Fantasy.
They made a game for the DS.
It is meant to be played with the DS,
and you can't play it on another system.
It's that simple, which I thought was brilliant.
I mean, the dual screen,
dual screens are not used to show you a map.
There's action happening on both screens at the same time.
Basically, just to explain real quick,
you're fighting enemies on the bottom screen,
and the same enemies are cloned on the top screen,
and it's kind of like fighting on a two-dual plane kind of battle.
So if you kill someone on the bottom screen,
it dies on the top screen as well,
and they share the hit points from top to bottom,
and you and your partner share the same hit points bar.
So if your partner falls,
it starts hitting out from your bottom screen life bar, basically.
It's like a vertical bar.
Interesting.
So it's a very interesting way that they've designed it.
They've decided it in a way that,
well, man, I didn't expect it.
I didn't expect Square to blow my mind,
not after what they've done lately, if you know what I mean.
They haven't really been creative,
and this is creative,
which I thought was impressive.
The combat system is steep.
The art style, oh my God, that's great.
Seriously, it's not 3D,
but it's such a good 3D that doesn't make you miss 3D.
Rave, rave, rave.
That's all you're doing about this game,
but that's great.
I'm sorry. It's really, really good.
I didn't go into the game because it looks emo-ish,
and it's not my style.
God damn it, I got into that game,
and seriously, my life was over for a week and a half.
I finished the game two days ago,
and it's one of those games that I wish I hadn't played
so I could play it again.
It's that kind of thing.
Wow. All right.
You know how Rave out Persona 3?
I never actually finished Persona 3.
I got pranked out.
This one, I'm not getting pranked out.
And there's a lot of stuff to do after the game's over,
which I think is really interesting as well.
There's a lot of stuff to do.
It's interesting because with Grand Theft Auto IV
kind of taking all the headlines this week,
it's really interesting that a game like this
might kind of slip under the radar
that people may kind of miss out on.
So if you're listening to this program...
I'm getting GTA IV myself,
and I'm glad that I actually put the time,
since the game came out,
to play it before this game came out
because I probably would have lost it otherwise.
So that's why we dedicated last week's review to that game.
We did a totally in-depth review,
and I can't recommend it enough.
That's why I wanted to come on your show, guys,
because I know there's a lot of RPG listeners here,
and you as well.
I mean, you guys play RPGs as well.
So I wanted you to guys...
You need to check this out before GTA comes in
and steals your lives.
That's what I'm saying.
Too late for Loki,
but there's still hope for me and Jamie.
So if you're listening to this program,
Footie demands that you put down Grand Theft Auto
and check out The World Ends With You if you own DS.
And I will.
I promise you I'll check it out soon.
Good stuff.
All right.
Footie, we've got to let you go take more calls,
but have a good one, okay, buddy?
No worries.
See you guys later.
All right, later.
That was a very, very strongly worded recommendation
for The World Ends With You.
So, you know, I've been hearing a lot of good things
about that game.
I'm going to pick it up.
Yeah, I think I want to too.
Or I'll just wait until you get it and get sick of it
and I'll borrow yours.
We'll see what happens.
Okay, let's take one more call.
Why not?
Hi, you're on Orange Lounge Radio.
Who's this?
Hello, Orange Lounge Radio Land.
Your fearless webmaster has arrived.
Well, hello, VXZXWQ Jason XQWV.
Okay, you fail.
You're done.
I'm just kidding.
What's up?
You fail.
Failed.
I'm trying to decide what exactly I think of custom peripherals on the Wii.
I caught the latter half of Bobby's show and was listening, of course,
to his complaints about the real power controls with the Mario Kart Wii wheel
and then Loki's earlier rant about the silly extensions for the baseball game
that just puts the Wii out another foot so you can crack that priceless base
and kill your TV even quicker when you let go on accident and it flails away.
There was a long, long, long ago wish list that I had
and one of those was Fatal Frame moving to Nintendo.
I always, and I think I still do believe this,
that the best  I need to take a step back.
I'm failing.
One of the things that I've always wanted to do is have a camera to play Fatal Frame
and have it translate to the character controls in game.
They never did that on the PS2 or Xbox, obviously,
and apparently the fourth incarnation is coming to the Wii,
when I'm not entirely sure, but I was reading that the other day.
And I'm just trying to decide what worth a camera clamshell would be for the Wiimote
or if it would be better as a dedicated controller
or if the whole thing is just bumpkits and you should use the normal controller anyways.
Here's my question.
What having that extra clamshell and that extra stuff,
what exactly does that bring to the experience?
It would be the feeling.
It would be the immersion.
It would be the fact that you're not just pointing and changing channels on your TV.
I mean, that's what the whole concept around this has been.
It's been the attempt at immersion when the thing is impossible to do
or when there may be situations that prevent you from doing it, i.e.,
you don't golf in the rain or in the lightning storm in the snow.
You don't drive off-road at 100 miles in a while.
Maybe some people do, but they're just nuts.
And you can't go around taking pictures of maniacal spirits that want to kill you.
I've got to ask Loki what you think about that
because you're a big anti-Wii peripheral person.
Do you think that there are some games that might justify these different peripherals
besides maybe just Wii Fit where that kind of is the game?
For instance, Jason's example is Fatal Frame with an actual clamshell camera.
Do you think that there's other types of games that maybe can justify the silly controllers?
If it uses it in an interesting way.
I've seen some... this is kind of like the middle ground, I would say.
There was a game called Hooked Real Motion Fishing.
And what it was is it was a clamshell that held the remote in,
and then there was the reel that held the nunchuck in.
So you had to use the actual reel like you're reeling in a fish.
Granted, you could probably do that without the actual clamshell,
but it still was using it to something...
It's not as simple as just Mario Kart pretending it's a wheel.
You can tilt the remote without the steering wheel attachment.
Or even worse, with the baseball thing.
You can play Wii Baseball without having that on there.
People say, oh yeah, you can weight it and stuff, so it feels more natural.
But yeah, then you can hit stuff and break it.
But as far as if they came out with something that...
It would be hard for them to do it, I guess, because of the infrared and stuff.
However you would do that, it would be really weird.
But if they could pull it off in a way that was interesting, then maybe, yeah, that would be worth it.
But a lot of these things are just...
It's basically aimed at the people that will only buy the Wii for Wii Sports.
So they're like, oh hey, now I can add this tennis racket thing and it looks like I'm really playing tennis.
It's just for the simple-minded, I guess. I don't know.
Simple-minded. Very nice.
The bridge version of what I was going to say is that on the one hand, I love the Super Scope 6.
Absolutely. Games were fantastic.
But it was so short-lived and you can't really reuse it.
But on the flip side, I just want to play Fatal Frame with the camera.
And thinking about that, I just had what probably amounts to one of the better ideas that cost way too damn much.
I'm sorry, I have to interrupt and go back to the camera because the chat room is so winter.
They said not only could that camera be used for Fatal Frame,
but the clamshell camera could also be used to play the OLR dream game WhatTheyPlay.com Snap from last week's show.
The other inspiration was Pokemon Snap 2, so believe me, I completely understand.
Winner. Sorry, Jason.
All three games we found a use for the camera.
This is probably the most infeasible thing to do for cost, but this would be freaking awesome.
The reason why I would want a camera is I would want an external screen.
These cameras have viewfinders, they have the LCD screen and all that kind of stuff on it.
It would be interesting to have a rigging where the Wiimote plugs into the Nintendo DS and the DS becomes your viewfinder.
That way you have Fatal Frame on screen, but since you cannot at least,
they have no better way to represent this than the PS2 version,
you cannot see the ghost's blind eye, naked eye.
You can through the viewfinder.
With your DS, it shows you the same thing your character would be seeing in the environment based off where you're pointed on on the TV,
but you will only be able to see the ghost and battle it through the DS screen, at least accurately anyway.
That would be the funnest game I have ever played, swear to God.
But it's probably not going to happen because that's been too damn intricate.
Too damn intricate, sadly.
A kid can dream, but oh man.
I guess the end result of all this is that one-off and small-use peripherals will continue to come around,
they will attempt to find reuse in which they will fail, they will fade into obscurity,
and people will reminisce like we do the Super Scope.
And the Virtual Boy.
Alright, Jason, we've got to let you go because we're going to wrap up the show, but thanks so much as always for the call.
Of course.
Take care, buddy. And I hope you get your dream game.
Alright, bye-bye.
That would be a very expensive setup though, but I mean, it sounds pretty cool.
Alright, that's going to do it for the Skypline tonight, guys.
Sorry to those who didn't get through, but we've got to wrap it up.
We have kind of a long show, we still have a post-show live thing to do.
So, we're going to go around and get everybody's final thought, but before I do that, Loki, do you have any last-minute stories?
Sure, I have a few, I guess.
There's a game coming out that's got a great name, so I think it's worth checking it out.
It's a RTS game called Stalin vs. the Martians.
And basically you play Joseph Stalin, and you have to save Russia from Martians.
And it's kind of like a real-time strategy game, looks similar to maybe Civilization or something like that.
Interesting name, though.
Let's see here.
Apparently, our friend Lord Voldemort is on a road trip now to remove Grand Theft Auto 4 ads from US transit lines.
And apparently he has sent emails to Miami Mayor Carlos Alvarez saying,
Grand Theft Auto games have been obsessively played by a number of teens who have then copy-catted the outrageous sociopathic violence in the games and killed innocent people.
And so, he is being himself, I guess.
Now, this is actually pretty cool.
You know how they're doing Street Fighter 2 HD, which is basically an HD remix of Street Fighter, all the stuff redrawn and stuff like that?
Well, there is a homebrew project being done to do something very similar to Sonic the Hedgehog 2.
Nice.
They're redrawing all the characters, and it looks pretty good so far, with new sprites.
They're going to add MP3 music to it, true 3D special stages.
And then, I guess, a bunch more stuff.
256 colors with one alpha channel and all sorts of fun.
I'd buy that.
That sounds awesome.
That's what the Sonic 2 on Xbox Live should have been in the first place.
Yeah. And then, apparently, you remember Ben Heck, his PlayStation 3 laptop that he made went up on auction and actually ended up selling for $9,000 online with all of the proceeds going to the National Cancer Coalition.
Alright, at least it's a good cause.
Yeah, so that's pretty awesome, but if that's not good enough, he is going to be starting much like he did with the Xbox 360.
His how-to guide, and he has the first installment in gadget right now, so you can check that out and make your own PS3 laptop if you can do that.
And that is it.
Alright, then that's going to do it for tonight's Orange Lounge Radio.
Let's go around and get everybody's final thought, and I'll start tonight.
My final thought is, ouch, has pain.
Dr. Sankar, your final thought?
Tired, hot, headache.
Loki, your final thought?
More Grand Theft Auto 4!
I'm going to Vegas this week.
Ooh, lucky you. Lucky, lucky you.
I have to go train people.
Thank you everybody for downloading and tuning into Orange Lounge Radio.
We really appreciate your support.
Remember, it's because of you guys that independent podcasting works.
So please, if you enjoy our show, tell a friend or two about Orange Lounge Radio.
If you tell two friends about our show, then slowly but surely we can take over the world.
And hey, leave us some nice words on podcast review sites, too, such as iTunes.
We could use some more five-star reviews there, or Podcast Alley, any of those places, dig.com.
Any place that lists podcasts, say something nice about Orange Lounge Radio.
It really helps to spread the word, yes, it really does work, believe it or not.
That's going to do it for tonight.
Thank you guys.
Until then, next week on the program, Epic Match Game.
I promise it will be good.
I'm Rob Roberts.
She's Dark Sakura, Jamie Summers.
He's Loki.
Together we're Orange Lounge Radio.
See you next time.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is an Orange Lounge production.
To join us for a live show, visit www.allgames.com.
Sunday nights at 6 p.m. Pacific time.
The views and opinions expressed on Orange Lounge Radio do not necessarily reflect those
of the entire staff of Orange Lounge Radio or allgames.com, but we're probably right anyway.
See you next week.
