Orange Lounge Radio is taped live on Sunday nights and released to our podcast stream twice weekly.
To listen to the first half of this episode, visit www.orangeloungeradio.com
for links to websites with listings of past episodes.
Now the conclusion of this week's episode of Orange Lounge Radio.
Welcome back to Orange Lounge Radio. We are live on this Sunday evening, April 20th, 2008,
with episode number 276 of our show.
We are live on allgames.com every Sunday night at 6 p.m. Pacific,
immediately following the Bobby Black Wolf show.
So, come join us for live taping if you've never been here before.
I do know we have some new faces in our chat, so thanks so much to all you guys in chat.
I think as we are making our presence more known on allgames.com,
and people are realizing they don't have to register anymore to listen,
and it's really, really easy to get into our show just by going to allgames.com in your browser.
I think we're getting more and more, so thanks to all you guys who have tuned in
and helped made our show a success.
If you haven't listened to part A yet, why not?
You should go back in the archives and listen to part A.
We talked about Soul Caliber coming to Xbox Live Arcade,
and our dreams to have Guitar Caliber, you know,
follow up with what we had on Rod Caliber on the Dreamcast.
For those of you listening live, though, you already heard it,
and you've been sitting through music, right, waiting for us to get back to some gaming news.
So, let's get to it, Loki. How about some gaming news?
Yes. So, there are some rumors with the exclusive download content coming to Grand Theft Auto IV for the Xbox 360 version.
There's kind of a wonder, what the hell is the download content going to be?
Well, according to CVG's recent Grand Theft Auto IV Collector's Edition magazine,
the Xbox 360 download content could be whole new cities.
They were saying, of course, to call games as vastly ambitious as Vice City and San Andreas
mere expansion packs seems childish, but nevertheless, the downloadable content DLC
coming from the Xbox 360 version of Grand Theft Auto IV has repositioned those games in just this way.
Download content so far has meant the odd new car, jumper of a bit horse armor,
and then they said, but Grand Theft Auto IV is set to completely redefine the idea of
expansions with Grand Theft Auto IV, what Vice City or San Andreas were to Grand Theft Auto III.
Yes, Rockstar is clearly hinting at new downloadable cities,
and chances of them being London, Vice City, or San Andreas are slim to none.
So, that's new as brand new.
Grand Theft Auto IV's Liberty City is just the beginning. Think about that and get excited.
So, since this new Grand Theft Auto game is supposed to be a parody of New York City, right?
Are we going to get Upstate New York as the expansions?
Maybe, you know.
Or Jersey? Grand Theft Jersey?
I don't think they're going to just replace Vice City or something like that with downloadable content.
Grand Theft Auto Poughkeepsie?
I think we could see additions to the game, because obviously they can only fit so much on that disc.
So, I could see expansions to the current city, like outskirts type stuff,
but I don't know about like, you know, Grand Theft Auto London,
like you'd be able to fly to another city or something like that from the airport,
but that'd be pretty cool if you could.
I don't know. You never know.
Well, what about just being able to cross through the tunnel and you go into Grand Theft Auto Jersey,
and the Xbox comes with a new attachment that will make your entire house smell like New Jersey.
I hope not.
Kidding! I love Jersey. Love you guys.
Couldn't resist a cheap swipe, though.
And of course, everybody in chat is now just getting in on it saying,
Grand Theft Auto Newark, Grand Theft Auto Mount Vernon.
So, I don't know. What are your thoughts, Loki?
Do you think there's any possible legitimacy to this?
I don't think it's going to be as ambitious as, say, a brand new city,
but I think that they will add portions of the map or add new stuff as far as like...
Maybe new islands? Maybe little things?
Originally, they said it was going to be episodic content,
so I could see new missions or something like that for the game.
I don't know about whole new portions of the map.
That'd be kind of big.
Very ambitious.
And I don't know why they would...
I guess $50 million is a lot of money to convince them to make these things
exclusively for the Xbox 360 version.
You're right. $15 million is a lot of money.
And I would think also, if that were going to be the case,
if they were going to be getting full downloadable islands and stuff like that,
wouldn't Microsoft be going,
Hey, guess what? They're going to get full downloadable cities.
Buy our version.
Hey, wait a minute. I got it.
If Grand Theft Auto is getting downloadable islands from New York,
Grand Theft Auto, Fire Island.
Fire Island?
No.
I'll let you think about that one for a little while.
Meanwhile, this is all kinds of cool and actually kind of funny and ironic.
Remember when we were talking about how Orange Lawns Radio was coming to all games?
And by the way, I didn't mention this earlier in the show,
because I don't have details yet, but I will mention this now.
Travis Donovan Live, our buddy who was on Orange Lawns Radio
on Saturday nights on the old stream of this,
he is coming to all games. We know that much.
I don't know details yet, but we know he is making the move to all games.
And so collectively with us moving and Travis moving
and Bobby already being there and all the other shows,
and now there's a new show, there's the electric system.
Well, isn't Travis Donovan going to be doing something with DMN anyways?
Yeah, well, I think the new show is then partnered up,
but shh, I don't, shh, secret, I don't know the details yet.
Anyhow, we refer to it as the Voltron of podcasting, right?
The Voltron of gaming podcasting.
And ironically enough, what came to Xbox Live Marketplace this week?
Voltron. And Voltron has a free episode available on the Xbox Live Marketplace.
You kind of have to dig for it, but it's there.
There's a free episode of Voltron available.
I know you like free stuff, so go check that out.
Unfortunately, it's not in HD. It's in all its 80s SD glory.
But come on, it's Voltron.
It is Voltron.
And it's free.
Now, naturally, you could get the same damn thing,
probably just downloading it from BitTorrent.
But come on, why not support Voltron?
Support free.
I support free unless it's yours.
And you know, I think Microsoft did this on purpose, actually.
It's proof that Microsoft is indeed listening to everything.
Exactly, and that's exactly why they need to give me the Grand Theft Auto 4 Elite Console.
I don't know any nicer way to say this to you.
You're ineligible, and you're not going to ever be eligible.
And if you fucking try to enter this in a fake name or something,
you will be caught, and you will be made fun of.
I will not.
By the way, if you haven't heard, we're giving away an Xbox 360 Elite with the rest of all games.com.
Details are in part A. We'll give you more details next week.
Meanwhile, let's move on with the gaming news past Voltron.
It looks like that EA is going to be releasing Rock Band on PS3, PS2, and Wii in Europe for...
Wow, did that just shock you into dropping your water?
Yes, I was so shocked, I actually just dropped my water.
No, I'm just a klutz.
It'll be coming out on August 29th.
That means that basically Xbox 360 is going to go,
well, crap, we're not the only ones anymore over there.
Crap, crap, crap, crap.
No one will care because Saints Row 2 will come out around the same time,
and that game is far superior.
Actually, I will say this, do you realize, Loki, and this did shock me into dropping my water,
there are a couple people in chat who have just said this,
if I win the 360, I'll give it to Loki.
And I can't stop them from doing that.
I mean, if they win it and they decide they're going to give it to you as a Christmas present,
but I tell you what, you owe them the tingle outfit if they do that for you.
You fucking owe it to them to do the tingle outfit.
Bet be damned.
If one of these people wins the Xbox for you, you owe it to society to do the tingle outfit.
You wish.
I think that if they win...
I'm trying to give them around this roundabout way.
I deserve that system because I love Grand Theft Auto that much.
But do you love tingle that much?
I don't love tingle that much, and you know what?
They should give it to me.
They have 500 other systems.
Why the fuck are they being so stingy with them?
And Misty sums up my thoughts exactly in chat.
She says, fuck that. Give it to me.
That's what I was just sitting over here saying.
Give it to me if you're going to give it to somebody.
It has to go in the collection.
You don't play Grand Theft Auto.
I have.
You have.
She wants to suck it into her bored collective of gaming crap that is her house.
It has to become part of the vault.
And people are really...
People think I'm joking when I call it the vault, but no.
Dan calls it the vault.
Everybody calls it the vault.
We need that for the vault.
I did enter a contest.
I was going to talk about this a little later.
But you know with that...
Was it the Rockstar Social Club that they have now?
Their cool little tracking service and stuff.
The first contest that they have is you'll win...
Enter a chance to win a piece of artwork that's your likeness done in the Grand Theft Auto cover style.
That's kind of cool.
Of course, if I want that done, I could probably just do it myself.
See, this is the type of person that does not appreciate a Grand Theft Auto 4 elite system.
Alright, get past it, people. Get past it.
Alright, do we finish up with the Rock Band news?
I apologize, I got derailed by the...
Actually, there's one more bit about that.
What's that?
I just thought that it might be interesting that...
The ferret can't fucking win that system either, just for the record.
Neither can any of his family.
Which, by the way, I would like to know if there is still another ferret attached to a Katamari somewhere in Namco's headquarters.
You know what, I got a pretty sizable present for Amazon for my birthday.
I might order another ferret if they still own Amazon.
Lordy.
That's the last thing we need on OLRs for the ferrets to mate.
Please, back to gaming, Loki.
We need mini ferrets.
Save our show, Loki.
Many, many ferrets.
Unfortunately, you know, it was the KB Toys.
They had the KB Toy outlet.
Actually, the KB Toys weren't outlet enough.
That's where I got the last of the ferrets.
Unfortunately, they weren't anymore.
I actually had to cut them open to put new batteries in them because the geniuses that they are didn't make an opening for batteries.
Anyways, Splinter Cell, Chaos Theory, and Metal Arms are coming to Xbox Live Originals.
You can get both of those games available for 1200 Microsoft points.
They're going to be on there actually tomorrow or Monday.
And, yeah, that's pretty awesome.
They're going to be available everywhere except for Korea and Japan.
No Splinter Cell, Chaos Theory for Korea or Japan.
I'm sorry to derail the show again, but I have to.
Jamie, you have to check out the link I just posted in chat.
I typed Skoozie, which is the name of the little pet.
I typed it into Google, and the first thing that came up was a real ferret versus a Skoozie.
And there's some really cute pictures in here of the ferret cuddling up with the Skoozie.
So you have to check that out.
And then it looks like he's trying to eat it in one of those pictures.
I like that one because it looks like the ferret has the Skoozie on his head.
And it reminds me of the bunny with the pancake on its head.
Oh, I love it. It's so cute.
Rob, I want a ferret, okay?
And look at the little fangies on the ferret.
Oh, we have an update from Black Wolf about Loki's eligibility for the contest.
Here's the official word from Lord Bobby Black Wolf.
I think that's his official title over at AllGames.com.
He's Lord Bobby Black Wolf.
He says, maybe I'll let Loki enter the contest if he wears a tingle costume to the next two OLRs and sit on the cam the entire time, no hiding.
No! That is not acceptable.
You dare say no to Lord Bobby?
Do not belittle my Grand Theft Auto fanboyism, okay?
I know he's going to try and do it too. He's going to try to enter as somebody else or send it to his friend.
See, that's where you forget. I am more lazy than you will ever believe.
So, do I really have time to make something and send it in? No.
Alright, I'm sorry. Alright, look. Back to gaming news. We gotta get past this.
Mailbag is coming up as well if you have emails to send in. Mailbag at OrangeLaunchRadio.com.
This is a cool sounding game in name alone. It's Afro Samurai.
You might notice an animated series that has Samuel L. Jackson doing some voices in it.
Xbox 360 and PS3 is getting a version of Afro Samurai this fall.
And the game will follow Afro as he is seeking revenge for the murder of his father.
And he is, quote, fighting to become the number one warrior.
The game will follow the storyline in the series.
And, you know, you just want to know if Samuel L. Jackson is going to be doing the dialogue.
He is. So there you have it. The musical score will also be done by RZA from the Wu-Tang Clan.
Sweet.
So it sounds pretty authentic. If you're a fan of the show, you will probably be a fan of the game Afro Samurai.
But if you hate it, then, well, you probably won't want it.
There was actually an art book for it at Kinokuniya yesterday when I was there.
Cool. Do they have a Japanese version?
I don't know. But I saw an art book. So it's kind of cool.
Pretty cool.
All right. Well, it's time for that part of the show where you guys get to interact with us, not just through the chat room.
We also have our Skype line. We just have many different ways you can interact with the show.
Because, you know, OLR is all about giving every gamer a voice. And many voices coming into our mailbag at mailbag at orangeloungeradio.com.
Dark Soccer is going to reach into the mailbag and pull out a favorite email of hers and read it right now.
Or two or five.
We have actually a few.
First email, dun dun dun, from Geronimo.
It says, hello, OLR.
While I wasn't surprised with the story the other week about one kid shooting his friend over not getting his turn while playing a video game, I did realize this.
The media says that video games promote violence and it really seems like they only promote gun violence.
Or the media only covers gun violence.
Has anyone been, has there ever been a story about one person beating another person to death after playing Tekken?
I don't think so.
Has anybody tried to use the Kalamitic symphony on their friend when they lose in Soul Calibur?
No. But kudos to anyone who can do that in the real world.
Has anyone been beat over the head with a shovel after playing Viva Pinata?
Nuh uh.
So do you think that when people say games promote violence, do you think that they should say that they promote gun violence instead?
Because it seems like that is the only violent action people take and blame on games.
Or people should just stop blaming it singly on games and maybe consider it's the whole picture.
You know, when I say the whole picture, I mean all forms of movies and other types of entertainment.
Most importantly, when the parents aren't watching and not telling their kids what's right and wrong.
There's already freakin' problems with the kids.
You know, put them in the institution.
Since you don't want to do your damn job anyway.
Send them to boot camp. Call Maury.
Um, next email from GS68 says, hey Loki, hey Jamie, hey bla bla bla bla bla.
Um. Hi.
I come once again to bring up the issue of recent games being too easy.
Perhaps this is what gamers want.
I've noticed that, for example, the House of the Dead 2 and 3 return is not getting a lot of good reception because of its limited continues.
Compare this to Ghost Squad, which has unlimited continues, which I don't see anyone whining about.
In fact, many welcome it as it allows them to never die.
So games may be getting easier, yes, but is this a good thing to make games less frustrating so that more can enjoy them?
P.S. This email was brought to you by Olive Garden, a home of never-ending boots to the head.
I would be surprised if there wasn't some type of code or something that comes out later that's going to give that game the unlimited continues or what have you.
And actually, I kind of think that might be the way to do it.
Is maybe slowly, you know, a type of game, I think the best types of games are the ones that have a sort of accordion difficulty.
Where, you know, the better you are at it, the harder it gets.
But the more the game realizes you suck at it, the more it takes pity on you and lets you beat it eventually.
You know what I mean?
So I'm hoping there's something maybe that will come out for that a little later for those folks that are whining.
It's too difficult because some people, some people just want to blast through it to say they blast through it.
But then, of course, I understand there's the hardcore gamers that want to say they did it and they were first too.
If that makes sense.
So next email then.
Sure.
This is Dear Orange Lounge Radio.
I have no gamertag or ID.
I mainly played handheld and the Wii.
I'm fortunate that I have a job where I am required to sit and wait for action.
So I get through my fair share of handheld games.
I'm a big fan of listening to you for over a year now.
And I am a tart of a listener listening to over a dozen gaming podcasts regularly.
I find it interesting to see how when a story appears on one side, it dissipates through the others.
Oops, that was an accident.
I didn't mean to hit the ferret.
I'm often smirky at your I wish statements.
I remember a few weeks back on one of your future wishes was a TV on your mobile.
Here in the UK, I have that for over 50 pence for a 24 hour period.
I can watch actual television or I can play monthly fee for less overall.
Covering the major terrestrial channels and MTV, etc.
Also, in this week's part A, number 275, you mentioned, why can't I have one?
Can I jump in real quick about the TV on the mobile thing?
I actually do have TV on my mobile, but it sucks.
And you only get limited channels, which are practically infomercials.
It's not at the same level that it's at in other countries yet.
The technology is years behind here.
It leaves a lot to be desired.
I know, it's because people have their heads up their asses.
But moving forward, also in this week's part A, number 275, you mentioned, why can't I have a white wave bird with rumble?
I've had one for over six months.
Some of the major gaming store chains in the UK have an official one, see link below.
And that is www.game.co.uk slash Wii slash hardware slash accessory slash tilde R330970 slash gameware dash Wii dash wireless dash GameCube dash control dash pad.
Just go to game.co.uk and look in the Wii section.
It works perfectly as I bought a wave bird for when Brawl comes out over here.
And out of the two, I prefer the white game controller as it has the rumble.
At 15 pounds, 30 pounds, my apologies, at 13 pounds, 30 dollars, I think is very reasonable.
I'm also favoring the wheel on Mario karts.
I'm averaging a third or fourth place online and winning all of my races offline so far.
What I've also liked was when I first went online with my Wii, I forgot to stop my PC hogging the internet.
And was thrown off during early setup stages.
I was automatically penalized about 40 points.
Although this hurt, I was delighted to see that if you drop off as a bad sport, it will cost you on your achievement score.
Cheers Mark from Plymouth.
I'm glad for the penalties as well when you drop out of there.
This is funny. This is from Plymouth, England, where the Mayflower set off.
In fact, my local pub is called the Mayflower.
Nice.
Some good perspectives from overseas.
Yeah, you have to remember sometimes the peripherals are different from one side of the pond to the other.
I didn't even think that probably Europe already has had that white.
But we had a white wave. No, I guess we didn't have a white wave bird before.
Yeah, I guess we never really had a white.
And it's not really the color that makes a lick of difference.
It's just the fact that they're kind of having a resurgence.
You know, in light of the fact that the GameCube is for all practical purposes a dead system over here.
They don't really make new ones.
It's nice to see that they're, you know, doing the wave bird.
But that is interesting that you have that particular store over in the UK.
It's been supporting it the whole time.
So, there you have it.
Are there more emails?
There are quite a few, actually.
And moving forward.
Hey, OLR, I'm writing this email on remote play on my PS3.
And I want to let you guys know about a workaround for the internet browser password protection.
If you go into folding at home and go to the team stats, all you have to do is find a team whose homepage links to Google.
Try Google.
I guess it says try Google and off you go.
Particularly helpful against tech minded parents.
Oops.
Sincerely, PK.
Is it PK junior 92?
Yes, that sounds right.
I think he friended me on Myspace recently.
I like his quote.
It says change is inevitable except from a vending machine.
I've heard that before.
Yes, that's a good quote.
What else have I heard?
Change is inevitable.
Wait, no. What is it?
You can avoid most things except death and taxes and sometimes you can cheat death.
Something like that.
It's a similar quote.
In my messed up mind.
Hi, OLR.
I just wanted to comment on Jamie saying she didn't want her gaming system to perform as anything but gaming system.
I, of course, am a PSP owner and currently that is my only system.
The reason that it is my only system is that next gen consoles are too expensive for me right now.
But I still like to play on the go and this suits me better.
The multifunction of the PSP was a major selling point for me.
The fact that my first introduction to OLR was on the PSP fanboy site in which they mentioned their favorite podcast and out of all the ones listed, I tried them all.
OLR was the best.
Well, thank you.
I have the RSS feed saved on my PSP and I plug it into my car stereo and listen to each week's show during my 30 minute commute to work all week.
So in a sense, I had never heard of OLR without my PSP.
Shocking, huh?
And yeah, my cell phone can do a lot of that crap but it can't play a decent game.
I hope Skye is feeling better.
Viva la PSP.
P.S. I might own a next gen system or two if I had enough money to buy and collect some pinball machines.
Haha.
That's from Circe 523.
And by the way, the pinball machines came about because my husband got hit by a car when he was 13.
Get run over by a truck.
We get a little bit of money every five years.
That goes to fund the pinball machine.
But it's also kind of an investment thing because you can always sell those things.
Well, he used a part of his money to start his collection and since then, the machines have sort of paid for themselves.
I notice it's like buying a house.
He'll buy a fixer upper and then fix it and then sell it for more than it was before.
Which is the way to do it.
And it also doesn't help that he has worked at a couple different, you know, as managers at a couple different video game stores.
So we've looked into all that and all of our old stuff, we've gone to flea markets.
Well, you know, as far as the PSP goes, I still appreciate it for being the multi-system that it is, doing everything that it doesn't.
You kind of give an example of that is a lot of people use a PSP as kind of like their not quite iPod but, you know, MP3 playing device as it is.
My co-worker uses his for that.
Yeah.
Just about only.
And hey, it plays games and surfs the net too, so why not?
So, yeah, you know, and especially after kind of really only having a PSP while I was on vacation this weekend.
Those things can really do quite a bit.
I enjoy it.
And those screens are so pretty.
I just can't stop saying it.
Somebody, by the way, in our forums wants to create an OLR theme for the PSP.
And I think there was kind of one on the OLR PSP site but I think they want one updated.
Well, that's just a wallpapers that we have on our site.
He's not, they're talking about actual theme.
I thought about doing it but then again, once again, going back to how lazy I am.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Well, hopefully the listeners will actually finish it.
But I saw that going on on the forums so that'll be fun because you can pimp out your PSP with OLR propaganda.
That's always fun.
That is.
And on top of that, I think that what I had clarified my statement in adding is that if what you want it for is the multiple use, that's fine but it's not a selling point for me.
You know, I would rather have a system that's got more fun games on it, I think.
You're just looking games to games.
I think it's kind of what I pick up from what you say.
You're looking at games to games.
When you look at games on the DS, you're like, that's where it's at for me.
A PSP is a primarily a gaming system.
It just happens to do all this other crap.
Whereas when I bought my iPhone, I bought it not just because it was a phone but because I needed a PDA.
When I bought it, it was my PDA slash phone.
So, see, it just depends on the purpose you're purchasing it for.
We have a couple more emails, though.
Alrighty.
Okay, this one comes from Robert M.
I saw the Half-Life episode pack Team Fortress 2 and Portal on the retail shelves, Target specifically, and despite only having a Mac laptop right now, went ahead and looked at the system requirements.
I was surprised to learn that to activate the game, you need to set up an account with Steam and register it there.
So what on God's green earth is the advantage of getting it this way rather than on Steam itself?
Also, as a Mac user, I'm pretty happy Sam and Mac Season 1 is coming to the Wii.
I can't imagine, of course, considering the PS3 port, that'd be any chance of a Wii Portal with a weighted companion GameCube.
That would be funny.
That's a damn good question about Steam.
I had no idea that that was part of the requirements for registering it until you sent that email.
That's kind of surprising.
You're right. What is the damn difference? There really isn't.
I don't know if they're doing that for the copy protection things or whatever it might be, but very interesting that you have to register your game on Steam.
I guess, you know, there's some people, though, they don't want to put their credit card out there on the internet.
So, you know, this is a way of doing it.
That was for Team Fortress 2.
They just said for the orange box games.
I don't know if they... Did he specifically say which game it was? I missed it.
He just said he grabbed one of the boxes.
Well, let's assume it's probably all of them. If it's one of them, it's probably all of them.
Well, I don't know.
I'm trying to find the email again. There we go.
RawsteelUT says to prevent early release.
I can't really see that, though, because the games have been on Steam forever.
And it happens to all Half-Life 2 games.
It's marketing. It really is just marketing, I think.
You know, you put something... The more something is out there, the more people are going to see it. That's all.
Well, plus it helps that Valve owns Steam.
I mean, don't question it. It's probably some type of...
And Steam is probably... They're probably just using Steam in general as their registration source.
I mean, because...
I honestly would rather have the physical copy, I think, than having downloaded it.
I totally get what this guy is saying, though.
But I don't mind registering it online.
But what if you do?
What if you don't want to put your information out there and all that stuff?
You know, some people don't want to give that stuff away.
So it does kind of suck that they're being forced to do it.
Well, you have to... If you buy Photoshop, you have to register it and send them all your information.
You know, if you buy... When you buy The Sims, you have to register it.
When you play World of Warcraft, you set up an account.
Yeah, but... Okay, but I'm thinking... I don't know.
Maybe I'm just going back to the old school.
Okay, if I walked in and I bought Orange Box for the Xbox 360, sure, I get that little registration card.
But half of us throw those things away.
You just plop it in, you go. No questions asked.
I don't know, but then again, maybe it's stealing everything from Xbox Live. I don't know.
See, I think part of the whole reason why they're being a little bit more on it with the registration
is just to make sure that you don't have a pirated copy, that your copy is legit.
I don't know. I don't necessarily have a problem with it.
It's just I do find it kind of weird because I would understand why somebody might go to the store to buy it
because they don't want to use Steam. I use Steam. I bought Portal off Steam.
I don't have a problem with it, but I could see why somebody might have bought the retail version
just not wanting to deal with that and to find out they have to deal with it anyway.
Well, I guess that I can see why I might be kind of pissed.
All right, one more email.
Mailbagorangelaunchradio.com. I thought you said there was one more.
No, I said there's a few more.
Well, damn it.
They're kind of long, too.
This is your friendly neighborhood Mexican act deft.
First of all, and I'm going to mispronounce this because I took French, okay?
Feliz Cumpleaños.
Close. Feliz Cumpleaños, I think, is it.
To Jamie.
You know what that means?
Birthday.
Happy birthday.
I hope you had a great day, smiley face.
I did have a good day. I was very busy.
But I got free gelato at Naya.
They had Guinness gelato.
Sweet.
It was fucking good.
Anyway, the Black Sesame was not very good.
And second, because of Internet issues, I couldn't listen to the last show on live, not 365,
and the first on all games.
Luckily, I could get hold of the podcast and get my OLR fixed for the week,
and the show may be on another stream, but it's still as good as it ever was,
and in better sound quality, too.
Hearts.
Now for the serious stuff.
I was hearing the podcast for last week's show,
and you were talking about bullies banning in Brazil,
and you were asking if Latin American countries had some kind...
Oh, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait.
Rob, I think I just lost my connection.
So what?
I just lost my interwebs.
Yeah, you know what?
We're having problems.
The Justin TV cam went down, too, so something is wrong with the wireless networking.
So while I set up...
Do you still have that one e-mail on your screen?
Yeah.
Okay, so while...
Keep reading that while we try to set up the jerry rig real quick.
Okay.
Most of the games and stuff that's sold on Latin Americans...
Let me start over.
Now for the serious stuff.
I was hearing the podcast for last week's show,
and you were talking about bullies banning in Brazil,
and you were asking if Latin American countries had some kind of rating for games.
Well, like Footy said last week, Chile has it,
but basically that's it.
Most of the games and stuff that is sold in Latin American stores
isn't popularly rated for the audience as targeted,
and only has the ESRB rating,
but still it isn't an obligatory thing for retailers to follow.
So basically any child can go into the store and buy Grand Theft Auto
with no problems at all,
as a basic example since it's one of the best selling games in Latin America.
Although some stores do follow that ESRB rating
and do not sell an M game to a minor,
or at least younger kids,
but there aren't that many that do so,
yet it is basically up to the parents to say yes or no,
although there's another factor in play that isn't related to this,
the game's retail value.
Video games in Mexico cost at least 25% more than in the US,
so video games are kind of like a luxury here.
By the way, the cheapest console is the Wii,
which costs almost double what it costs in the US.
So not many people buy games,
and if they do buy cheap ones,
like for example bargain bin titles or low budget ones,
which brings us to another problem, piracy.
Last month I made a comment on a Skype call
that an article stating that Mexico video game industry
is going to be worth $1 billion in two years from now.
Now I wonder how they're going to manage piracy in Mexico,
which is one of the worldwide leading piracy markets for almost everything,
and if retailers don't care about their ratings,
well, you get the idea.
The most people or the main public are also ignorant in knowing
which are the games to get.
Basically you don't know if a game is good or bad or it's just a game.
Hence why titles like Cars got into the best-selling games list of 2006.
The same goes for other titles like FIFA or PES
and any anime game title, DBZ for example.
So in the end, it's just basically a cultural thing
since most of Latin America is accustomed to different things
than the US and Canada, especially in the way media is handled.
Basically you can watch someone holding and firing a gun
in daytime afternoon TV.
If you have the chance to watch any Mexican news shows or similar,
do so and you'll understand what I am talking about.
On a side note, Mexican congressmen don't want a video game,
I guess don't know what a video game rating is
or since they're trying to rate games but by health issues
and not by the actual contents of the game.
He actually did link a GameSpot article in Spanish,
but I wouldn't be able to read it,
but I'll put it in the chat room once I'm back in there.
Well, that's all for now.
I'll hear you on Sunday's show. Adios.
P.S. Rob, when are we going to give away the ResHD code?
You know, it's sad. I actually completely forgot about that.
I know it sounds horrible, but just with everything else that had been going on,
so we will probably throw it into a future contest.
I don't know, maybe we can give it away as part of this Grand Theft Auto thing as a runner-up prize.
I don't know, we'll figure it out.
But I do want to give it away.
If somebody doesn't have it by now, we need to just give it away.
At some point, we're just going to set up an email and try to get it out that way.
By the way, if you switch networks, we should be back up.
We have the Jerry Rigg network up.
I have to get back in chat, so I won't be able to do it.
Switcheroos!
God damn it.
Yeah, it went over one of the emails.
Actually, yeah, it's been two months since it was given to me.
We haven't given it away.
The PS reminded me that Q Entertainment is doing a special kind of survey
in which you can ask Tetsuya Mizuguchi a question for their newsletter.
If you haven't already said so on the show, perhaps it's only ten questions that will be picked.
More info is on that game called res.com
slash VBulletin slash showthread dot PHP question mark T equals 90.
PSSS, Second Life on cell phones.
I'm a furry and I find that highly hilarious.
I'd be curious to know from Mizuguchi if 99 Nights is something they're going to try to do again.
I mean, because I know that game got a lot of slack when it first came out,
but there's a good game in there somewhere, and maybe they could get it on a second go.
Otherwise, I would hope maybe they could do, I don't know, maybe Gun Pay on Xbox Live Arcade.
We'll see what happens with that.
Well, we've got one more email.
Is it up on the screen? No, two more emails.
We have more emails.
My God, it keeps growing.
No, it's not, it keeps growing. I told you that we had several.
Okay, this one comes from Osfer, seven questions.
Hey Sky, DarkSakura, and Loki.
This afternoon I was bored, so I thought, what the hell, why not randomly make ten questions to ask you guys,
because you know that's the first thing that comes to everyone's mind when they're bored, right?
One, Rob.
What's your favorite galaxy in Super Mario Galaxies?
And Osfer says, I love Space Junk Galaxy because it pretty much says gravity.
Who gives a shit? The music is all relaxing, too.
The Bumblebee Galaxy, because you can be a bumblebee, and that's the best thing in the game.
I love Bee Mario.
A question for me.
Jamie, what's your favorite pinball game?
And he says he doesn't play much pinball, be like the Gilligan's Island machine.
World Cup Soccer 94, without a doubt.
Loki, what is your favorite course out of all the Mario Kart series?
And he says that he likes Rainbow Road from Mario Kart 64.
I hate Mario Kart's Rainbow Road.
I would say probably, I like Wario Stadium from Nintendo 64 a lot.
Actually, a lot of the courses from 64 are pretty awesome.
I would probably say, I don't know, probably Wario Stadium.
I think that's the most that I've played, is that one.
That, and also, I don't remember what it's called.
I think it was Peach's Circuit or something like that.
It's the one that's got the giant ramp from Nintendo 64.
I don't know.
But I'd say probably Wario Stadium.
I love Toad's Highway.
I know I wasn't asked this question.
Toad's Highway is pretty awesome, too.
Frickin' love Toad's Highway.
So, I don't know.
What would be your dream Mario Kart course in a future Mario game?
They should do one that's all pixelated and 8-bit like Super Mario Brothers.
I think that'd be pretty cool.
Nice.
Mode 7-tastic.
Or a better Haunted Mansion course.
One that's actually a bit of platforming stuff.
That'd be pretty cool.
Or one that's based...
What they need to do is add some of the characters from Mario RPG into a future one.
Including that one villain guy who was raining around the entire time.
Nice.
I don't remember his name.
We have a fan of Moo Moo Farm in the house.
Frisbee likes Moo Moo.
Is that the one with the train?
I love that one.
Moo Moo Farm is fun.
Good times.
Alright.
The next question is...
This is for all three of us.
Who are your favorite Brawl characters?
And Osprey says Wolf O'Donnell is mine.
Obviously his howling taunt is amazing and he fights like a dream.
I'm just gonna really go back to my favorite of all time.
I was a big Sheik person.
That Kirby was always my person.
I think.
I love Ness.
But I think I'd freaking love Pit in this new one too much.
Loki?
My favorite character?
I liked...
Actually...
I liked Rob.
Rob the Robot.
That was fun.
I like me too.
I'm great.
Next question.
Yes.
What would you do if World of Warcraft was shut down and you could never play it again?
He says I hate World of Warcraft.
I'd go back to Final Fantasy 11 just to piss you off.
Here's one for me.
He says here's a toughie for you.
In the end what console do you think will come out on top in this gens console?
Wars PS3 360 or the Wii?
And he thinks it's between the 360 and the Wii but I'll have to say Wii.
I love my PS3 but...
Yeah.
360.
Just because it's got the online play perfect.
Well, as perfect as it can be given current technology.
It's got a really great library.
Lots of stuff that's for people of any age and, you know, type of game that they like.
It's pretty versatile, I'd have to say.
So I'm going to say the 360 in terms of...
First of all, it already had an audience when it came out.
And secondly, the learning curve was really, really small on it.
So...
I think I'm right.
Alrighty.
Last question for Loki.
You get the last one.
What is your favorite game and why?
And he says Final Fantasy X is the only game to ever make me pull an all-nighter so I'd
have to say that and the runner-up is Brawl.
Well, I don't know.
It depends when you ask me.
Well, if you're asking me now, I'd probably say...
Grand Theft Auto San Andreas is pretty fun.
I don't know.
I play a lot of things for O.
I don't have a favorite game.
I don't like to pick one that's just favorite.
Because I go from one to another, you know, all the time.
But...
Yeah, I'd say right now Saints Row.
But I know that's not my absolute favorite.
My favorite game is Super Metroid, but most of Chad already knew that.
Well, you know what mine is.
Alright.
Guardian Legend!
So enough of wasting your time.
I went about that faceplate.
Take your time with it and I understand you guys have enough to manage.
I'm still working on getting one, but I think someone else is supposed to bring one.
And I've got all the stuff to work on it.
We'll figure it out.
We'll talk amongst ourselves.
Thanks for reading, Oscar.
P.S. Rob, I hope your pancreas get better.
I hope so too.
I wish you would come to ASEN, cries.
I wish you would come to ASEN as well.
However, Penny Arcade Expo is like 95% certain for me at this point.
The last email.
Thank god, I mean...
Holy shit!
Thank you, RawstillUT.
Is it long?
Yes.
I'm gonna read it though.
Duke Cliff Notes.
DC vs. Mortal Kombat.
A horrifying concept not because of graphics.
Mortal Kombat hasn't used mocap graphics in ages.
I was bringing that up as an example.
But because, according to Kotaku, there isn't going to be any fatalities.
The blood will be incredibly limited.
Why the hell would anyone bother?
I think we've covered that.
Well, the fighting styles...
However, that wasn't the main topic I wanted to discuss.
The idea of higher meaning in games.
Meaning in art in general.
You often hear complaints from gamers about games not having esoteric higher meaning compared to other mediums.
However, many people bring up movies, books, paintings that are either A, really blatant in their meetings.
Schindler's List, Blood Diamond.
Or B, way too damned esoteric and oddball for anyone to get on their own, which is Akira.
By the way, in defense of Akira, it was a cliff note version of a really freaking long manga that...
I'm not even going to go into it, just read the manga.
My view has always been that if it's too complex for someone to get without a fucking explanation by the creator, it isn't worth the time.
By the same... Well, you should watch Shock Treatment then.
Then you'll find out what...
By the way, this Friday, April 25th in San Francisco, Shock Treatment.
I'm not performing in it anymore, though, due to my sickness.
I couldn't do rehearsals.
But I'm still going.
My view has always been that if... Okay, I've read that part.
By the same token, hammering someone over the head with a message and not leaving room for subtle metaphor and commenting comes off as preachy,
a primary reason I can barely stand Kojima's sledgehammer style in the Metal Gear Solid series.
I've always thought that a metaphor, hence an innuendo, made the best way to convey a message in entertainment media.
Look at the way humans generally have distrust of aliens and vice versa in Mass Effect, for example.
While a cliché in and of itself, the way it's presented shows just how ugly racism is.
Final Fantasy VII had a very strong pro-environment message hidden in the belts and zippers of Nomura's design,
with Mako and the Lifestream an effective metaphor for the oil we've ripped from the earth and the land and animals we routinely exploit.
Often there is something to be taken other than simple entertainment if you look hard enough.
And it's also sometimes small meanings can be found in even the most mundane parts of games.
For example, there's a part in Rainbow Six Vegas 2 where, warning spoilers, your team is sent in to check three buildings for a bomb.
Should I read this?
Who cares? Just try to sum it up in one sentence. I don't know.
It's basically dealing with having to deal with a failure instead of it being a game over.
Instead of game over, start over. You failed. You have to deal with it.
I would like to see a video game tell you that. You fail at life. Deal with it.
Oh my god, they set us up the bomb.
It's more like you fail. Here's your consequences for what you screwed up on.
I often wonder if the call for higher meaning in games is just from people who want to join the stuck up art connoisseur club.
Me, I've always found the word art to be nothing more than something old, rich, often white men used to hold up what they prefer while simultaneously putting down anything made by the lower classes as being unworthy of the art designation.
It's not surprising. In his time, William Shakespeare was considered a lowbrow playwright.
Now, hundreds of years after his death, he's considered one of the greatest playwrights of all time.
What isn't heralded for all time won't be decided by us, but by those who come long after and look back.
Maybe one day, stuck up elites will hold up lost odyssey and no more heroes as a pinnacle of art and gaming. Just something to think about.
You know, that's a very interesting point, I must say.
It's going to be very interesting to see what kind of games are truly remembered as classics and will it be the things that were necessarily popular today. I don't know.
Another aside, I love the new PlayStation Store. It's even better than Marketplace now.
So easy to find everything in the games installed automatically now. It's wonderful.
Finally, and yes I know I'm rambling, here's another anti-digital distribution warning.
Way back in 1981, a service called Play Cable came out which allowed you to download Intellivision games through your cable system.
The problem is that the adapter only had 4K of RAM and when Intellivision games started coming out in 8K and 16K carts,
the Play Cable service was rendered useless and was discontinued in 1993.
The moral of the story is that files will always outgrow bandwidth.
Who the hell wants to download 50 gigs of Metal Gear Solid 4?
What about when games start taking up triple-even, quadruple-layer Blu-ray discs 100 gigs?
Movie and game files aren't going to stand still for the sake of bandwidth, especially when ISPs are our heart set on raping consumers for bandwidth in the US, Europe, and especially Australia.
Well, you're going to be seeing discs for a long, long time. You're truly Russell, UT.
That is such a freakin' good letter.
Alright. If you want to send us good letters, mailbag at orangelaunterator.com, but try to keep it to 500 words or less, just so we have time to read them all in the air.
Send me something to drink with every email.
Alright, let's get back to some gaming news.
And we'll go to Loki about Bionic Commando, yes?
Bionic Commando Rearmed has been rated by the ESRB. It is, of course, rated M, and they didn't really specify why it's rated M, but it, I think, has to do with the game's main villain's head exploding.
Spoilers.
So that's pretty awesome. I just like the fact that it's rated. That means it's on its way, and hopefully will be out very soon.
And along with it, hopefully will come Castle Crashers, because I hope that game's out very soon as well.
Awesome.
I am very excited for Bionic Commando Rearmed. It's going to be hot, because the old one is a hot game.
Alright, moving on to more Grand Theft Auto stories, but this may not be exactly what you're looking for.
It seems like there were a lot of pre-orders for Grand Theft Auto IV in Australia, but now Australians are starting to cancel their pre-orders big time.
This has to do with the latest censorship in the game. You remember last week we talked about the Australian version of Grand Theft Auto as being censored?
And I guess it had something to do with, what was it, somebody putting a gun in somebody else's private parts or something?
Yes, a gun up the rectum, I believe.
I'm sure it's hilarious. However, due to this, many Australian gamers are cancelling their orders, and this is according to the Sydney Morning Herald.
Already they are pissed off, because the game is going to cost $120 versus $64, Australian.
Gamers are really reacting with outrage. Gamers are saying they cancelled their orders with Australian shops and will import a cheaper uncut version.
Going around the law.
That is true. PlayStation 3 is region-free, so there you go.
If you're in Australia and you want a region-free or uncut version of the game, import it.
Frisbee wants to know, let me ask a question, did Saw IV get shown in Australia?
Very good question. I mean, seriously.
Well, this is a very interesting, though, kind of counter-reaction to this, is that you have all these people that are cancelling the game and realising that the PS3 is region-free, so they're just like, you know what, screw it, we're going to import it.
Very interesting combat.
Some 360 games are region-free too, so it'll be interesting to see the further fallout from this, but regardless, censorship kind of pisses us off,
and so we dedicate the FUs of the week to all these people that just said FU to the Australian Censorship Board that are going to import their copies instead.
My FU of the week is not really directed toward the person, but toward the situation.
I got woke up, well, I had already woke up once and then passed right back out, but I was woke up from a dead sleep by someone calling me, saying that I left my keys in her car.
And Rob, you know what I am when I'm just waking up. I'm incoherent.
So, I have no idea what she's talking about. I still think I'm dreaming, okay?
And I was like, but I need my keys.
She's like, I can't bring them to you, you're the one who left them, and just being really condescending and rude about it. I was like, wait, what the hell are you talking about?
I was like, I need my house key too.
She's like, you don't have a copy? I was like, I don't know.
She's being really rude about it, but I was like, look, I just woke up, you don't need to be condescending and rude, okay?
I'm not going to put up with that shit. I don't put up with it from anybody if I can help it.
Um, also, um, FU to, um, I guess I don't really have much else in the way of FUs.
Oh yeah, FU the stupid kids at the park.
Cause we, um, my friend Sonia came over and we took pictures of the doffy that I finished for Kristen.
And, um, one of mine.
These stupid kids are coming like, why are you taking pictures of dolls?
I'm like, why does anybody take pictures of anything?
I was like, don't be stupid.
So, that was it.
Loki.
FU to this chair I'm sitting in.
That's it.
FU to Subway, who I suspect gave me food poisoning on my vacation that kept me in bed until 6pm yesterday,
meaning I missed out on two trips to the beach.
That kind of pisses me off.
I mean, I guess I should be thankful I got to go on the trip at all because the state of my pancreas was a little bit in question,
you know, with everything I've been going through recently.
But still, food poisoning sucks.
At least I didn't have it for two weeks.
People shouldn't be sick on their vacations.
What kind of horrible punishment is that?
What did I do to you, Mother Nature?
What did I do to you?
Alright, let's get back into the show.
Get back into some more gaming news, eh, Jamie?
I think that that's entirely doable, Rob.
Oh, good.
Yes.
So apparently Wii games look like crap, or most of them do.
According to the developer High Voltage, they're basically claiming that most of the end products for the Wii don't look as good as latter-day PS2 titles.
And this is, of course, after they have said they're working on something called Conduit,
which is a first-person shooter boasting to be really advanced and supposed to actually be, I guess, the best one on the system.
They're quoted as saying that they think it's a real shame that publishers and developers aren't taking advantage of the technical possibilities of the Wii platform.
Most Wii games don't even look as good as latter-day PS2 titles, and that's a real slap to the face of consumers.
So they're saying that they're wanting to raise a new bar.
But honestly, and how many times have I said this?
It doesn't matter what the hell the game looks like, as long as it's fun.
I don't know, their engine looked pretty nice.
I mean, Katamari Damacy, let's face it, looks like crap, but a lot of people really enjoy the heck out of that game because it's fun.
Good point.
I'm sure the soccer moms of America who have been throwing themselves behind the Wii don't really care.
Although I like to have both. I like to have a pretty game that's fun.
Is that too much to ask? I don't think so.
I don't think so.
Well, they actually, High Voltage released a tech demo of their new engine, and it does look pretty good.
Although the graphics still aren't that great.
I mean, it's pretty impressive what they can do with the Wii, and it is a bit limited on hardware muscle.
But still though, there's games out there you can make look pretty nice.
Like Mario Galaxy looks pretty nice for it, and Brawl wasn't too bad.
But yeah, I do see their point that some of the games are kind of lacking in polish, especially a lot of shovelware stuff out there.
Well, what is it? The Wii is just two Gamecubes duct taped together or whatever?
Well, it's not even that. It's just people are looking at the Wii as a cheap developing platform,
and so they're putting no effort into releasing games for it.
They're just charging like 20 bucks for them, but they're garbage.
So, that's the problem.
One game that's not quite garbage though is coming to Steam pretty soon here.
Luminous. Actually, Q Entertainment and Valve have joined forces, and now Luminous will be available on the service.
It looks like a few different packs you can get.
The base pack for $9.95 will be available, as well as the advanced pack containing 21 new challenge mode skins,
60 puzzles for puzzle mode, and 35 stages for puzzle mode.
That'll come out for another $7.95, or you can grab the whole thing for $14.95.
And that'll be made available Friday, April 25th.
If you didn't already have Luminous in one of the 5,000 other places it's available, there's your chance. Right?
Yeah.
Alright.
Well, usually on this program we give out this thing called the Stupid Award,
and it usually goes out to some kid who shoots up his friends due to bad parenting, what turns out to be in the end.
But tonight we might have the example of an opposite, is that we have good parenting leaving the smackdown on a bad kid.
So we might actually have an opposite.
This is one of those feel-good stories, you know, when we always have all this bad news about stupid kids.
We might have some good news here.
This has to do with the mother of one teenager.
What happened is that this kid was supposed to be doing some chores, but he decided to break the vacuum cleaner so that he didn't have to do any work.
So what happened is that the mom went on to Craigslist, and this posting was found on Richmond's Craigslist, and it says this.
My son seems to think everything should be handed to him on a silver platter, so the Xbox is going bye-bye.
I do have an assortment of games as well that I will sell for $15 each.
Prices firm, must replace vacuum that he broke, thinking it would get him out of having to do chores.
By the way, the mother has also informed the world that she's busted him for looking at porn sites.
The internet access is now locked behind a password, and mom apparently went onto his MySpace and put a picture of Snoopy on the MySpace.
This is a mom that is taking no crap from her kid and violating his privacy in every sense of the word.
But what is the old saying? As long as you live under our house, I will log onto your MySpace and put up pictures of Snoopy.
Yeah, like GS68 in chat says, it could have been worse. It could have been Hello Kitty.
But I think Snoopy means she's snooping. I think there was a pun there.
But good job for her bringing the smackdown. You're right, sometimes kids are brats. I don't know, selling the Xbox off might be a bit extreme.
But I don't know, if this kid has repetitive issues, then maybe it's what has to be done.
I mean, I'm not going to tell you how to raise your kid in that sense. You know what's best.
But that does seem a little extreme. This must have been one bad fucking kid for that to happen.
I think so. Although, see, I can't really say much because I was a real brat when I was a kid.
I think we all were at one point in our lives.
My mom took away my Nintendo one time. This is my brand new Nintendo that my daddy bought me.
So I was like, I went back in her room and got it and hooked it back up by myself.
And she's like, I took that away from you. I was like, my daddy gave that to me. And if you take it, it's theft.
I love all the pictures that they have and like these responses and stuff that the vacuum cleaner says do not want.
Lovely.
That's great. No, I was a bad kid. I was a bad kid.
I was naughty when I was like three or four. I was always the bad kid that had to go time out in class.
And then I turned into a perfect little angel. And that's how I am today. Right? Right?
You got your halo hung up by horns.
Yeah, whatever. Back to gaming news.
Yeah, I was going to say we got we got other games to talk about, too.
But kudos for that mom for having balls anyway.
Our buddies at Namco Bandai have brought us some shooting stuff.
So they have really in the summer.
There is Power Up Forever, an Xbox Live arcade and PlayStation Network,
which is a top down shooter where as you shoot things, you absorb their energy and you grow.
So you. I'm not going to compare this with Katamari as the article compares it with Katamari.
However, I see it as more of expanding your universe, you know, a perspective type thing.
The bigger you get, the more you can see, you know, because it's supposed to as you get more power ups,
you're supposed to see larger and larger enemies that were always there.
But you just couldn't see them before because you were needle.
But it's supposed to be like an infinitely going game, I guess.
It just goes on and on, my friend. This is the game that never ends.
It just goes on and on, my friend.
I hate my laptop, actually.
I was just thinking, you know, we don't have enough space shooters on Xbox Live arcade or PlayStation three.
So I was really hoping we would get some more. Don't worry, Rob.
They will never. Weren't you just thinking that, too? Like, I'm like, God, what is it we're missing on Xbox Live music?
No, we have Boom Boom Rocket. That's all we need. What are we missing? Adventure games?
Oh, no, we have the Arcadian Quest. Oh, space shooters. We don't have any of those.
That's what we need.
But wasn't there galaxy wars? Geometry wars?
I was being facetious.
I know, and I was going, boom.
Hey, Rob. What?
One thing that we don't have enough or I'm sure we're not going to have enough pretty soon of is games that are going to use the brand new balance board that's coming with Wii Fit.
Well, fear not, because Take-Two has decided, hey, guess what?
Don King's Prize Fighter? That's right, bitches. It's going to have balance board training games.
Oh, boy.
Because when you're done playing Wii Fit, you can get Wii Fit again with, you know, training games and the...
I don't know. It's a boxing game that has a bunch of actually kind of almost rhythm games to it to train in, but now you can use the Wii Fit balance board as well.
Because when I think Don King, I think Wii Fit DDR-ish type thing.
Well, it's a boxing game, okay? I know. Maybe they'll have like...
Well, that might actually be kind of fun. A game that combines Wii boxing with the Wii Fit board for balance. That actually could be kind of cool.
Except this is the training portion. I don't think it's going to actually have, you know...
But here's the thing that I think would be pretty funny. They could use like a balance board mini game or something like that where you have to stay balanced on Don King's hair.
That might be challenging.
That would definitely be challenging. Another game that a lot of folks are looking forward to, no really, would be Quake Live.
You might remember Quake Live was once known as Quake Zero. It's basically Quake 3 but on the web.
Hey, guess what? You can now sign up for the beta program if you head on over to QuakeLive.com.
Basically all you're doing is you're giving them your email address, probably no doubt so they can spam you and all that stuff.
But hey, it's Quake 3 and it's on the web and it's going to be free.
Quake 3 was my favorite in the series.
Not to knock betas or anything. I love signing up for betas. For some reason I don't play them once I sign up for them.
I guess I'm not really their prime beta candidate.
I really wish there was betas for things other than, I don't know, first person shooters might be nice.
I know that they do have the occasional beta for an MMO game, but I don't play MMOs anymore.
But something else would be nice.
I get it. Usually the thing is, what are they trying to beta test? They're trying to stress test their servers.
I would stress test, I don't know, Animal Crossing. I'd be down with that.
Or a racing game.
I somehow doubt it because Nintendo is kind of their own little box.
They don't really care about the quality they're on anyways, so that's fine.
I don't know, maybe like a racing game or something. That might be pretty cool.
But don't expect it to work perfectly because it is a beta.
Oh well.
So, I don't know. You can check that out again.
Quakelive.com if you want to sign up for the Quake Live beta. I just might because I do love Quake 3 that much.
It's one of my, the only FPSs I really played a whole lot of that I just enjoyed very much.
Well, for any of our listeners in Japan, because this is probably only coming out there,
Squeenix has a new RPG for the mobile phones and it's called ELLARK.
It's a free online RPG though.
And it will be launched in June for the three major Japanese characters.
But it's, this style looks sort of Final Fantasy, the little bit of artwork I'm seeing is sort of Final Fantasy tactics-tastic.
So maybe.
Well it is free.
Free if you live somewhere else than here.
Because our cell phones suck.
They only barely do TV.
Even Europe is kicking our butt in cell phones.
Well, here's one thing we aren't going to be free of anytime soon and that is new Spider-Man games.
Oh joy.
Hurrah!
Still trying to recapture their triumph of, was it, the PlayStation version of Spider-Man 2.
Probably one of the greatest Spider-Man games that they've made so far.
Unfortunately, Spider-Man 3 and Spider-Man Friend or Foe weren't very good.
But Web of Shadows, the brand new game that was confirmed after being sort of leaked out, hopes to change all that.
And it's going to be a free roaming open-ended adventure that's going to be headed to, I guess, all of the current consoles out there and handhelds.
And is being brought to you by Shaba Games and Treyarch.
And I didn't really say what the game's going to revolve around but there's a lot of Venom looking stuff.
And they also said there's possibly other Marvel Universe characters that you'll actually get to play as as well.
They hinted to that stuff.
So, I don't know.
Neat, I guess.
But just the last, I remember when Spider-Man games used to be good.
You don't trust the track record of Spider-Man games.
The last few games have really sucked.
Especially, I mean, Spider-Man 3 where you'd sink into the grass like quicksand.
That's funny.
ssj100matt kind of agrees with you.
He says, I'm a sucker for free roam New York City games.
I'm really hoping this game doesn't suck.
We shall see.
Hey, our Skype line is just about open.
We only have a couple more stories and then we're going to get to the Skype line before we get onto our program.
1877 Game OLR is the phone number or our username on Skype.
Get ready, Orange Lounge Radio.
But first, we have to do a quick follow-up.
Remember last week we talked about that Famitsu was reporting or was saying that a new DS is very likely to be announced at the next E3.
Well, Nintendo came right out and denied it.
They denied it and said, no, we are not making a new DS and we're not really revealing anything that we're going to be revealing at E3 until E3.
It should be noted, however, that a couple years ago, one day before it was announced, Nintendo denied having any knowledge about a DS Lite and then a day later the DS Lite was announced.
So, you know, you can always take Nintendo denials with a grain of salt, but at the same time, the original news has a bit of a grain of salt as well because it's probably based simply off the fact that, gee, Nintendo likes to redo their consoles all the time.
Also, was it the publisher of Famitsu was the one originally quoting that that was going to be announced at E3 and then they retracted that statement too, which is interesting.
I don't know. Just wait for E3, what, a few months away? Seriously.
All right. One more story, then the Skype line is open. Dark Sakura, our final official story for the evening.
Um, well, there is going to be some good news for Mass Effect PC players and that is the, um, actually, uh, free content. Free content is nice, isn't it?
Yay, free!
Um, but that's the, um, Bring Down the Sky is going to be free for anyone who's interested in it.
Is it bad that I didn't even realize Mass Effect was on PC? Like, I thought it was an Xbox 360 only game for some reason. I'm just, I'm just out of it, I guess.
Well, they had to pay for it on Xbox Live for five bucks.
Yeah, but that's kind of cool that they gave it for free on PC. Maybe they just couldn't think of a way to charge for it.
It's in pieces of their soul.
Who knows. All right, well, it's also free for you to call in and interact with us on our Skype line 1877 Game OLR or our username on Skype, OrangeLoungeRadio.
And once you know it, we're already getting hammered with phone calls, so let's open up the lines.
Hi, you are on OrangeLoungeRadio. Who's this?
Hey, hey, hey, it's Ranma from New York.
Ranma from New York. Do you like the free roaming New York City games as well? Like, SSJ100Matt?
I just heard about it myself.
What about, like, Grand Theft Auto and all these types of other games that are parodying New York? Do you like seeing parodies of your home city?
Sure, I'm all for it.
All right, all for it. All right, what did you call in and talk to us about tonight?
Well, before I begin, Jamie, happy birthday.
Thank you.
You're welcome. I want to give you a brief talk about New York Comic Con. First thing, there was no John Woo talking about the Metroid Prime movie.
Yeah, we kind of all figured that was bullshit last week, but we had to report it. It was everywhere, so...
Yeah, because when I got there Friday or Saturday, I was with my cult panelists and we were like, let's see if we can find anything, but nothing as ever came up.
Dude, if they were going to have something, you wouldn't have had to look very hard. It would have been in neon lights.
True, true. And the big thing they were really pushing was the Iron Man movie.
Not too surprising.
Yeah, pretty much.
Maybe next year.
Yeah, it'll be pretty awesome, though. But overall, the con itself was fun. At least it was on the higher level of the Javits Center, where it was actually spread out. We could actually walk around and breathe.
Nice.
Yeah, there was a lot of people there, a lot of web comic artists that were there, and you know, Jamie, I did send you a picture, so...
I like the picture.
Yeah, and remember I told you yesterday I had another surprise for you?
Yes, you called when I was at a place buying the comics cheap.
Check your PM box. That's my birthday gift to you.
Okay...
Would you slowly describe this for our listeners as she opens it up?
Well, if you're a fan of a certain webcomic called VGCats, I spoke to Scott and asked him to do a nice little drawing of our very own Jamie.
Oh...
So you actually got the guy who draws VGCats to draw a picture of Jamie.
That's cute!
Yeah, he showed it to me before the show.
Oh my god, that's so cute!
So, very cool.
Yay! Thank you!
Why couldn't you get the rest of us, huh? No, I'm just kidding. No, I think that's great.
VGCats is like my favorite webcomic right now.
No, you know what's funny? He actually calls how she says right now, but it might change.
It's been for a while.
Depending on what bribes other webcomics send her.
He called me, I guess, like Friday, I think he called me, because he wanted me to send a picture of you to have this model.
But the problem was, because I was in Mendocino, I had no cell phone access, I didn't get the message till today.
But you must have gotten on MySpace or something, you found a picture somehow.
He's got the picture from us at E3.
Yeah, I noticed. That's awesome.
Well, it wasn't me that got the picture. You can ask. You can thank Gio of Dia. She picked out the picture for me to take over there.
Nice. Well, there you have it.
So that's the guy who does VGCats, Drew Jamie. That's awesome.
Yay!
Pretty cool.
Oh, that's so cool. I'm going to have to write a thank you, too.
But thank you so much. I appreciate that. That's like the best thing ever.
Well, we should just invite him on the damn show.
I'd like to. They were our website of the week once.
We'll work on that. We'll work it out.
That's so cute.
Well, Rama, thank you so much. That was very nice of you to do.
And the whole chat room is fawning over it right now, so there you go.
You notice how it just looks like Jamie if you think about it. Just her normal attitude, per se.
Yeah, it's cool. Except now I'm going to make her wear cat ears just to compare.
I have several cat eared hats. Thank you, Rob.
All right. Anything else you want to share with our chatters today, Rama, and our listeners?
Well, that's pretty much it. I just wanted to get that across. That was it.
Well, thank you very much. We appreciate it.
Sure. No problem. Anytime.
You make Jamie's birthday last all weekend long. I'm sure she can't complain.
Yes. Oh, and Jamie?
Uh-huh.
She wants to know, where did you get the gelato from? The Guinness Gelato?
Naya.
Okay.
I've only seen Naya in California, so I don't know if it's all over the place, but they have different flavors that circulate.
They also had champagne gelato. They also had mojito and Captain Morgan gelato.
I like that one.
But the Guinness Gelato is freaking good. And they usually have Nutella.
But if ever you find a Naya and they have whole wheat gelato, try it. It tastes like cereal.
Definitely.
Amanda in chat says they're Bay Area. I think they only have six stores. And if that's the Amanda I'm thinking it is, then hi.
There you go. They're Bay Area only.
Yeah. They're really good, though.
It's not Pinkberry. I'm sorry.
All right.
We just got...
We're going to let you go, Rama. Take care.
I'll try.
Bye.
I'll catch up to you guys later.
1877 game. Oh, dang. I just hung up and, boop, here comes another call.
Hi, you're on Orange Launch Radio. Who's this?
GS68.
Hi, GS68. What's on your mind, buddy?
First of all, I'm happy 4.28 to everyone who celebrates it.
Happy 4.20, dude.
Where's our Zaku call? You know we need a Zaku call on 4.20.
He's celebrating.
All right. What's up, GS68?
Anyways, this week was the one year anniversary of the V Team Massacre, and I just want to say one thing to everyone who immediately pinned the blame on video games, especially people who didn't even have any resources or citations for that.
Such as Lord Voldemort?
Yes. I mean, why did he go up to the killers, the family, and say all that to their faces?
I dare you. I dare you to go up to his parents, his siblings, if he has any, their faces, and start talking about how his son was influenced by video games and all that.
At the same time, though, I think this whole week of memory and everything is sort of to just kind of, you know, I think we have to kind of let those bitter feelings just kind of go right now and try to look back and just kind of remember those that lost their lives and what was just a senseless and horrible thing and tragedy.
So at the same time, it's kind of like, let's just not draw the pain out any longer, you know what I mean?
But, you know, I understand. It was kind of stupid for some of those people to be blaming video games in the first place, and it's just kind of sad that it keeps going on throughout all these tragic events that happened.
And the call dropped. We lost them. Was that bandwidth? Is the network still going?
I'm still on.
All right. Well, we lost them. But, yeah, and of course, you know what's interesting? I have a friend that's actually going to be going to Virginia Tech next year, so, you know, I'm just, I know this is probably a difficult time.
I know we have listeners out there, too, so I know it was probably a difficult week, and, you know, our thoughts are with you guys.
And definitely, let's just try and get past it.
If you want to give us a call, 1-877-GAME-OLR, username on Skype, Orange Lounge Radio.
While we wait for some calls to drop in, do we have any quick last minute stories, by chance? Anything last minute?
Yes.
All right. What would you like to share?
I'm just going to suggest, or, Blitz League was one of the games that they announced at Midway's Gamers' Day that's getting a sequel, same as Game Party, apparently both of those games getting sequels.
Game Party?
Game Party. That was the one that had beer pong in it, but they called it something else, Pinkup.
That's what they were calling it instead of beer pong.
Right. Oh, we got another call. Let's go take it real quick. I'm curious to know more about this, though. Hi, you're on Orange Lounge Radio. Who's this?
Hello, this is RossDioUT.
Hello, RossDioUT. What is on your mind?
A little bit. Before I go into that, I would like to thank DMN for being an asshole and a grief friend banning me from the chat. That leaves me with time to play games while I'm listening. Very nice.
I'm not even going to go there. I don't know what the heck's going on. Sometimes I feel not in control of our own chat room, but we'll try to get that sorted out. What else is on your mind, though, buddy?
I don't know if you saw this, but recently the Vendee had a really creative promotion for their upcoming Ghostbusters game. They actually restored the old Ectomobile, you know, the car from the movie, and they parked it at a Best Buy in Minnesota for promotional purposes.
They actually have a picture on Kotaku I'd link to the chat, but, you know. They did a bang-up job on it. It's very nice.
I didn't see the car, but I saw the box art for the game, which I found to be half-appropriate and half-boring. Did you see the box art that was posted?
I think this is temporary.
It is just one of those placeholder things for people who want to pre-order the game.
It's a ways off before the game comes out.
I would have just expected to see some more brouhaha about, because isn't the script actually by Bill Murray and them? The script for the game is by the people who did the movie. I'm sorry, not Bill Murray, but Harold Ramis and the people who did the original.
I would expect more fanfare over that.
Well, like you said, I think they want to keep to the feel of the original. I remember the original VHS covers had just the logo, which, you know, kind of fits since that's what it's about.
That was 20 years ago.
I'm sorry?
That was 20 years ago. Things were different back then, you know what I mean?
Well, there is something to be said about nostalgia, you know?
I guess that's true.
I'll give you that, but that huge old Xbox 360 banner in white kind of ruins it, you know what I mean?
And same thing with the PlayStation. Well, at least the PlayStation 3 thing is black, but you know what I mean?
Those mandatory banners they have to have on there kind of ruin that all black box, you know what I mean?
Yeah.
I think that's honestly what it is for me, is that, you know, having those other little streaks in it ruined the thing.
But anyway, it's just box art. I'll get over it.
If the game's good, it can be fantastic.
I don't know about you, I throw the boxes away because I have like hundreds of games and I really don't have the space for all those big ass boxes.
You know, I just put them in jewel cases myself. I don't know what you guys do.
I do leave them in the case, but the cases are all on a shelf. They're on a DVD rack type thing that's pretty big.
So like I have my Wii games on one rack, Xbox 360 on another rack, so it works.
I don't own as many games as one might think.
I certainly don't own as many games as Jamie does, who has to have an entire like wall in her house with nothing but bookshelves that have the games.
I will tell you what we do, is that for the systems that we have out most often, being our Xbox 360, the Wii and the PS3, and the Saturn is out right now too, I think.
What we do is we usually keep out the games that we're playing the most and we have a small rack that stays in the front room.
We've got actually these large bookshelves in the computer room that's basically also in my room, because I'm on the computer in there.
But we keep them with our movies, with our DVDs.
And the special edition boxes, we will every so often have them on display for the newer ones, but right now they're all in the vault.
They don't make gaming organizers quite like they used to either.
I had a pretty badass one for the Atari 2600 that was like a little drawer and you'd hit the button and the drawer would pop out.
And then you'd hit another button and the game would kind of pop out.
I mean, it was just cheap plastic with levers, but the way it worked was pretty awesome.
I don't know.
I liked the...
Oh, I'm sorry.
Well, the Atari 5200 had its little storage compartment in the back for controllers in a couple of games, built into the system.
Yeah, Nintendo actually had something similar to that for the Super Nintendo for the N64.
They had like these game houses. I have a couple of them. They're very nice.
I remember that for the Super Nintendo.
That's true.
And then what do we get? We get a Wii thing that was supposed to have a chip holder in it that ends up getting cancelled.
I know.
Anyway, sorry. I derailed your original topic of the Ghostbusters thing. Is there anything else you wanted to say on that or anything else you wanted to talk about tonight?
I don't know. That was just about it, except that people asked her if that's about it. It would take too much to bring up something else.
I'll do that in an email next week.
Anyways, it was good to talk to you guys.
It's always best to take the high road, Ross Steel.
All right, have a good one, buddy.
Have a good one, bro.
Take care.
1-877-GAME-OLR. Our username on Skype is OrangeLoungeRadio. Oh, we've got to take at least one more call.
Hi, you're on OrangeLoungeRadio. Who's this?
Legend of Zaku.
Happy 420, Legend of Zaku.
I don't smoke weed for the record. I just say this to all the people that celebrate the consumption of cannabis.
I've got to give you a hard time, Zaku, because you've got to admit it.
I don't know if it's just your microphone or the environment you call us in if you're calling us from a tin can or something.
Tin can? Where's the string, though?
You always sound a little bit high, but that's all right. We're equal opportunity entertainers here at OrangeLoungeRadio.
To what do we owe this great phone call tonight?
Let me see. Basically, it's like this. Recently, last Friday, I went out with this girl, and we happened to stop by Dave & Buster's on our date.
I was just wondering. I know I don't want to dig up DDR as much, but suppose the date of yours basically never played DDR, and if she did, it was really horrible.
What songs would you even recommend in order for both of us to play?
I would say fuck it and take her over to Jumpin' Jackpot, because that's where you're really going to get some pussy is Jumpin' Jackpot.
Oh, wow.
Would you agree, DarkSakura?
What turns you on more, DDR or Jumpin' Jackpot?
DDR.
All right. You know what? Here's the thing. If the girl doesn't like DDR, is it that she doesn't like DDR or that she's just not good at it, so it kind of turns her off?
She's not good. She dislikes it for the fact that she can't really use both of her legs effectively.
Two guaranteed ways to get somebody who's not into DDR, girl, boy, or not, two guaranteed ways to get them into it is that A, you pick easy songs, one-foot songs.
I did. I had her on Beginners.
All right. Good. Good. That's where you got to start. And then the other one would be to pick recognizable songs. You got to pick the Britney Spears song.
It kind of depends on what kind of music she's into, but you got to realize your date's not going to recognize Smile DK. They're not going to know.
It was on a Supernova 2. All right. I get your point there.
Yeah. You got to pick something recognizable, but after you get past the recognizable song, then you can pick something catchy because I don't know about the rest of you guys, but one thing I remember about my very first game of DDR I ever played on a DDR 1.5 mix, that song Butterfly was damn catchy, and that song was in my head for three days after playing DDR.
I was just kind of going around going, I'm your little butterfly, and I could not get that freaking song out of my head. So it's okay to pick catchy stuff.
But you got to kind of know, if she's kind of a rocker girl, Smile DK is not going to be your thing, and I don't know if DDR necessarily will be.
Remember, as I said, I was totally unprepared for the situation.
You just let her pick the song.
Well, that's the thing. She said she didn't care.
Typical woman response.
I don't care, but I will criticize you when you choose the wrong thing.
As an official woman, I can...
Oh, official. Yes, she has the woman seal of approval on her buttocks.
No, I have it on my chest. Thank you.
If a girl tells you, I don't care, it either means that no, she really doesn't care, but once she hears it, she's probably not going to like it. So I would just say, pick one, pick the other, and ask her which one sounds better.
Don't leave it open.
Yeah, I kind of, as I said, I kind of needed that advice, you know, the quick spur of the moment thing.
Hopefully I'll try it again if I, you know, once I go out with her again.
My buddy Amanda in chat says, reminds me, and she's an official woman too, she says, the way Rob got me to play it was, quote, Amanda, it's like a rave, but a game, because she was a big raver back then.
And I was like, it's like a rave, but a game, because there's flashing lights.
It's like cross stitching, but a game.
Well, Zaku, best of luck to you on future dates, and we hope you get some, alright? Good luck.
Yeah.
Take care, buddy.
Did you hear that? Yeah, it was kind of like, yeah, me too.
That's going to do it for the Skype line tonight. If you missed us tonight, sorry, maybe you can leave us a voicemail on our Skype line, 1-877-GAME-OLR.
Don't forget about our contest going on too, you're going to check that out as we are going on throughout the week and looking for contest entries.
So, more last minute stories from Loki. We had the story about Blitz, the League, and Beer Pong getting a sequel.
It's not Beer Pong, it's a game called-
But that's the part we care about.
Game Party, and it had Beer Pong in it, and Shuffleboard and some other shit.
It was a cheap ass game. One of those maybe shovelware games or whatever.
Anyways, real quick, the Burnout Paradise Cagney update that was going to be coming out, actually from what I read now, it's out now.
So if you pop in your copy of Burnout, you'll get your new portions of the map, which I will have to try when I get home.
And it's also going to include three more online modes, Road Rage, Markman, and Stunt Run are going to be available online as well now.
For PS3 owners, you will also be getting the option for custom soundtracks.
So that's pretty nice.
Something kind of disappointing, that game Boom Blocks that was supposedly going to have that head tracking kind of easter egg.
Well, they removed head tracking, so no reason to buy that game now.
But at the same time, you can't yell, get out of my head, to this video game anymore, I guess.
Let's see here, apparently an Xbox 360 power supply was blamed for a fire. That's kind of funny.
Xbox Live is going to be down tomorrow.
Not if it's your house that burned down, that's not funny.
But it wasn't, so it's funny.
Xbox Live is going to be down tomorrow from two, or I guess tonight, two in the morning to ten tomorrow Pacific time, just for some spring cleaning maintenance.
Let's see here, also there's some interesting things.
You might know this guy, Ricky Gervais, he's the guy that's in the office in the UK.
He's actually going to be kind of having a cameo in Grand Theft Auto IV as part of the city's stand-up comedy club.
This is a three-minute act that will, I guess, loop or whatever.
They'll have different people going on stage, but I think that's kind of cool that they have real comedians doing acts in the game.
So, a little bit of immersion there.
Interesting.
Let's see here, also, apparently Halo Wars is coming along pretty well.
There's been a few people that are part of the Xbox 360 launch team that have been caught playing Halo Wars Alpha online.
Saw you, caught you.
So that's interesting.
Then, let's see here.
Apparently, I think you may have talked about this before, virtual console games.
People have found ways to pirate those now.
That's kind of interesting.
They found ways to strip away, I guess, all of the encryption on them, and now a team called Blaze is releasing them out on the internet right now.
They have a few of them, and using a tool put out by yet someone else, you can actually install them to your system using the Twilight Princess hack.
So that's, I guess, no one's perfect as far as security goes.
What's interesting, though, also is that the UK version of the internet channel has also been leaked out using that method as well.
So that means that WiiWare isn't immune to it either.
Uh oh.
Uh oh.
But if Nintendo catches you, you will get the wrath upon you.
Yes.
Apparently, there's no plans for Gears of War 2.
I just want to say, that's the problem with posting these methods on the internet is that Nintendo will patch it.
Yeah.
Apparently, there's not going to be a Gears of War 2 demo.
However, there have been some hints.
Mark Raine, I guess, dropping some hints that Unreal Tournament 3 will feature the first Gears of War 2 content tease.
And didn't say what it is, but he says, we know some of these great mods are going to be, or they're talking about the mods, those are also going to be available for the Xbox 360 version of Unreal Tournament 3.
But people are thinking maybe that they're going to have either a demo on Unreal Tournament 3, or there's just going to be some new video footage of the game.
So I guess that's pretty cool.
And let's see here.
I think that's pretty much it.
Oh, there's been a lot of homebrew stuff made for the Wii as well, including now they have SNES emulators with classic controller support.
Genesis Sega CD emulators, Master System Game Gear emulators for the Wii, PC Engine emulators.
They have the Rin Game Boy channel for the Wii, Emuloader, which will do some other emulators, and Wii Paint, which might be fun.
They need a Mario Paint for the Wii. That'd be fun.
But that's it.
Wowies, lots of last minute news.
I thought, I was thinking going into this week after I'd been gone, I was like, oh, it's a slow gaming week, but no, lots of news.
Lots of good stuff.
All right, well that is going to do it for another episode of Orange Launch Radio, but not before we get everybody's final thoughts.
DarkSakura, your final thought.
I should have ordered this earlier.
What is it?
Tickets for Phantom of the Opera.
Oh, nice.
I want to go.
It sounds like fun.
Loki, if I go, I have to take my mother.
This is going to sound so gay, but I don't care.
Going to a musical theater is something I have to do with my mom, because she's such a fan.
When Mama Mia comes to town, she's like, we got to go.
Loki, your final thought. I will not be seeing Phantom this year since I've seen it the last two times it's been in town, and I really don't need to see it a third time.
My final thought is Sweeney Todd is going to be in town this year, and that's one I want to see.
So that's probably the one I'll buy my mom tickets for.
That might be cool.
Because if I'm going to go to musical theater, I'm going to take her to a violent play and see what she thinks of that.
Awesome.
I like your mom, and we need to call her on the show.
Mother's Day is just around the corner.
Rob, we need to figure out what we're going to do for our Justin TV deal.
I know. There is a Justin TV special thingy in the works.
More OLR programming coming.
Yes.
We'll talk about it this week.
I like asking questions like that, because it teases it and makes the chat room go, WTF, must listen, or watch, or stuff.
There you go. More to come on that soon.
But in the meantime, thank you guys so much for downloading and supporting us or listening to us live as it may be on AllGames.com.
We really appreciate it.
Join us again on Sunday nights.
Remember, if you like what you hear, we do this show for free.
Please tell two friends about our show.
It's a way to help spread the word about Orange Launch Radio.
And send cash.
No, we don't ask for your cash.
But we do ask for five-star iTunes reviews.
But I personally ask for their cash.
You don't always get it, though.
Just like Loki's not going to get that Xbox 360.
I got sent.
I've got $3 exactly for listeners.
I forgot to mention this as part of the last minute story.
I did have a listener buy me dinner.
So I guess that was kind of cool.
I was sent a dollar by a listener in Boston.
And then I got sent a $2 bill.
And a bunch of Doctor Who fanzines.
Real quick, I thought that I'd add this in there because I forgot to mention this during last minute stories.
What's that?
Apparently, Peekaboo, a company that specializes in a temporary at-home stripper pole, is working on...
Oh, no.
Yes, yes, including one that's endorsed by Karma Electra, is announced this week that they are developing a strip aerobic scheme for the Wii.
So Peekaboo is pleased to confirm that it's in talks to develop a game for the Wii that meets mainstream demand for fun and fitness benefits of pole dancing.
The company said in an email...
This has to be a joke.
No.
This has to be a joke.
Peekaboo and its partners are focused on using Wii-friendly hardware to make aerobic pole dancing instantly accessible, just as Guitar Hero did for Rock and Roll.
Actually, actually, I have to say that there are some fitness places that offer pole dancing as an exercise.
I know you think this is a joke, but this is on ABC News.
No, I fully believe it because I've seen advertisements for pole dancing classes.
That's awesome.
What can I say?
It's just more of the randomness you've come to expect and love from Orange Lounge Radio.
And we'll do it all again next week, same time, same place.
Until then, I'm Rob, she's Jamie, he's Loki.
We're Orange Lounge Radio.
Good night!
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is an Orange Lounge production.
To join us for a live show, visit www.allgames.com Sunday nights at 6 p.m. Pacific Time.
The views and opinions expressed on Orange Lounge Radio do not necessarily reflect those of the entire staff of Orange Lounge Radio or allgames.com.
But we're probably right anyway.
See you next week!
