Orange Lounge Radio is taped live on Sunday nights and released to our podcast stream twice weekly to listen to the first half of this
episode visit
www.orangeloungeradio.com for links to websites with listings of past episodes
Now the conclusion of this week's episode of Orange Lounge Radio
Welcome back to Orange Lounge Radio for this part B of our podcast
We now tape live on all games.com every Sunday night. We got a small little crowd
Hello to everybody in our chat room chat.orangeloungeradio.com
Who are listening to us and our brand new sound quality as well lots of compliments on the sound of the show tonight
We're excited to be here. We got lots more stuff for you in part B more gaming news
We have the mailbag we're giving away a stupid award tonight
And we've got an interview with somebody pretty rad of Farb's the man behind Rom check fail will be talking to him very shortly
but first more gaming news
Yes, loki. Yes, all right anyways
So this is not big surprise because we've been
Seeing sorts of similar bands with other rock star games, but this time brazil has banned bully
Of course you know before the whole banning problem was manhunt 2 now for whatever reason they've deemed it
inappropriate for sale and
The ban has prevented the game from being imported distributed sold or promoted on the websites and stores in the country
apparently Brazilian distributors retailers
will have 30 days to comply with the ban and it came in response to
The requests of the Brazilian youth center it said the aggravating factor is that everything in the game takes place inside a school
and
that's
not acceptable, so
apparently of course take two has
They said it will not have a material impact on the sales of their popular title
Doesn't sound like that. They're going to appeal it, so
You're in brazil and you want to play bully. Oh well guess you're out of luck
You might have to import it or something huh not that I don't think you're missing a whole lot, but you know
Now what's weird to me this game is somewhat old, so are we talking like all the way back to the PlayStation 2 version?
No, this is a scholarship edition
So it's stupid though because the game has been out. I was going to say the game's already been out, so what's the big difference?
It's not like this games like an M rated game or anything
This is like a teen rated game over here, so I don't understand what the big deal is. Oh, it's this school
Oh, that's why oh, I'm sorry
It's a school. Did you actually play they haven't played the game? They didn't see like what contents in the game
They're just oh because it's cool and bullies in tile must be because you're a bully and
So we don't like it. I'd be curious to hear and I know we've got to have some listeners in Brazil
I got because we got listeners from around the world
I'd be kind of curious to hear this from their perspective
And I want to know can you go walk in to you know your big game stores there?
I mean, I don't know if you have the same type of things we do only have 30 days to comply so go quick
I'm curious. Can you walk into a store and buy bully on the PlayStation 2 or have you been able to do that in the past?
That's why I'm kind of curious about so
We'll see. I don't know dark soccer. What do you think about banning video games in countries?
Retarded yeah, I mean is there I I think that banning anything is
Unless we're banning the ferret. No just kidding. I I understand to an extent why people
Why things are illegal you know why?
certain
Things that they think might be harmful to the development of children
But you know I believe that it's not the government's place to decide. It's the parents place to decide I
Guess despite all our I guess despite all our bitching in part a about the way society is right now
I guess we should be thankful where we live in a place where at least we have that decision to make
Where you don't see the country banning things if they'll just give a shit for it. Oh well, yeah
So all right well moving on to other you know I don't know if I'd would call this happy news
I don't think it's really happy for these people that we're working at develop
develop was a gaming company and
Unfortunately they have just lost some projects because the staff was cut from 25 down to just six senior staff
President Michael scandizzo though says I guess he's optimistic
He says if somebody came in tomorrow and said here's a whole bunch of money
Can you get back up and running then by Monday we could be at back up and running it would have to be soon
But if anybody wanted to come in and save us
We'd give the whole kitchen sink to them to them on the extremely cheap
Otherwise after almost 10 years of this group working together. We're going to have to dissolve
Developed was formed in 2003 and it was a bunch of people that used to work for Blizzard
But here's here's the punchline the only game that's come out of develop
Yaris
So if you were hoping for Yaris to I don't know if that's really gonna happen now
I guess I kind of feel bad for these guys though because they were they were probably paid a crap load of money for what?
Couldn't have been a too difficult a game. They might have had all these other projects
We'll never know about that could have been pretty rad and they couldn't get one, right?
But I mean it was Yaris come on Yaris too, then you're probably a masochist
Well, I don't know a juiced in and chat says let them die
I chat that orange songs radio.com if you want to participate can't save them all I guess that's true. Don't worry
EA is hiring right just kidding
Anyway, can I get can I yes, you have some good news
We actually have a video now of a new character for Street Fighter 4
Who is named Rufus and he's actually bigger than e Honda
And he's supposedly really fast for being bigger than e Honda so
Interesting there's also another character called el fuerte
Who is supposed to be just a overall playable character
I don't really see anything though about how the character moves. He's a Mexican wrestler. Hey, that's cool
I like I like the luchadors. He's actually pretty fast. I've watched some gameplay footage of
him
Now Rufus, so that guy is he's pretty fat. He kind of reminds me a lot of oh
God, who is the character that they just added in Tekken 6 the one that was really like Bob?
Yeah, it kind of looks like Bob but with like a ponytail and just like he's got amazing
Gut physics. He looks like Jack Black and nacho libre
DJ janae in chat says king hippo is the king of fat dude characters and games. Yes true statement
Whatever happened to king hippo. Oh
Okay, so I'm looking at this el fuerte. Mm-hmm, and he's actually pretty cool
He fights very much in a from sort of a vega style I'm thinking but it is very
Yeah, dark Tetsuya and Chad it throws back to another Capcom classic says he reminds me of one of the characters in slam masters
Remember Saturday night slam masters. Oh my god. This guy is it was fun
Hideously fast. He actually surmised me. Who was that guy from art of fighting that would throw cookies. Oh
God, I don't remember where the green outfit and suspenders. No, that was a
That was that was Chang that was a fatal fury fatal. Fury was hairy was named Chang. Yeah something something
Yeah, I know you're talking about
Yes, he threw cookies Rufus is kind of like if I kept eating and eating and eating and eating then became a fighter
He he he he has jiggle. He has belly jiggle
Don't you see?
He looks like pom-pom in
A home star runner. All right, a lot lots of diverse characters apparently coming to Street Fighter 4
I'm kind of excited by this. It sounds like there's a lot of people in Street Fighter 4
I mean not only do you have the original fighters and I have some of these new people too
We have the crevice and Viper, you know other people we've heard about in previous shows
So Street Fighter 4 is gonna be a good time. Yeah, I hope now the question but the question is will it blend?
Well, it blends maybe I don't know if Rufus can fit in the blender
Now this is interesting and you know, once again goes to show you that
The Sony platforms are just not
Not that safe against hackers
Apparently though there's been a tool that's been developed
called ps3 proxy and what this program has done is actually allowed people to
Be able to download the PlayStation home beta without actually having to participate in the beta. So they're able to
Modify a few files that they've downloaded from a server to allow them to download the beta even though it's not available to them
Word is right now though that you're unable to actually play the beta
But there has been some video of people that have been able to play the beta
Despite the fact that it was previously thought you couldn't but either way though
The thought is that it's gonna be public pretty soon anyways
So might as well just wait a few weeks, you know for it to come out
But in the meantime though, it's very interesting though that you can download it as it you know
It's not that difficult from what I was reading into I just haven't gone around to actually trying it yet
Where is freaking home already? I mean they've been talking about this for over a year now, you know
And we have yet to really see much more than screenshots
Well, that's it's probably hanging out with spore and I'm sorry, but that's the same do them forever
You know what PlayStation I have you know, and I'm not gonna just dig on place, you know
Sony with this but the PlayStation 3 they've been like touting a lot of features as they say they haven't arrived yet like home
You know, there are new games like hell mill yourself for even going as far as like Final Fantasy 13
Which is not scheduled to be out here for a few years now
It's just like stuff like this. They're like, oh, hey. Yeah, this says it's coming like coming
It's right around the corner, but really it's not right around the corner
You know and even Microsoft's kind of guilty of this too with the whole XNA thing
Yeah, that's cool that they showed us that little snippet around
You know game developers conference in that kind of time, but once it actually coming out not for a while
So that's kind of lame and then you know with Nintendo and the whole WiiWare service
Yeah, they've been teasing that for a long time and I good point. I guess it's not just Sony
It's just easy to pick on Sony for whatever reason. Well, yeah, but at least they've given us a date on WiiWare of sorts
Yeah, I guess I could always put it back. I don't think they will this one
I mean WiiWare is out now in Japan it is out. But what's the kind of release schedule? What are we looking at?
Okay, they release like say eight games or something. How many months do we have to wait for the next games that come out?
I mean, it's not like a typical Nintendo timeframes
Not like live arcade where three months for a B title another three months for a B title in about nine months
You'll get your a-list title
We have a spider in the studio and it's driving me crazy
I need Loki to do something about that or you are you bug phobic step on it kill it
You know what? I hate worse than spiders. What's that? Mosquito Hawks?
That's what we get for having that door open to get some of the cool air in here
Mosquito Hawks that moment of total randomness brought to you by orange lounge radio back to the gaming news
And we are one less spider in the studio. Sorry spider
Sega
things things aren't too good at Sega sadly Sega Racing Studio has
Closed they're gone. They had more than 60 employees at one point
They've really only created one title since they formed in 2005
Sega closed it
There was this comment that Sega gave to next-gen quote
the decision is part of a review of Sega's Western Development Studios to ensure that each studio is profitable entity in its own right and
Unfortunately, the Sega Racing Studios five-year plan would not result in a successful return for the Sega business moving forward
Or you could probably just look at the sales of Sega rally revo because that's the one game they made
and sadly, I I think it was just
Especially in racing. It's so competitive right now with these next-gen systems. There are so many racing games out there right now, right?
I mean look at what they have on you know, these next-gen systems, you know
They got it's just on the Xbox 360. You had games like full auto test drive for za
Burnout I can go on and on for a dirt, you know, just tons and tons of racing games
This is just a very competitive market
So that's that's two studios closed in a week sad both racing games. Mm-hmm
Yaris was a game. Yeah. Yeah, I wouldn't really call Yaris
I wouldn't put that quite on the same level as Sega
But it's just kind of like potential you would think potential by the way going back to something
We were bringing up a little bit earlier
I know I'm a little late on this but the Rob D is a fighting game guru and he said the character green guy throws cookies
Chang's Shinzan that was it
Chang's Shinzan. There it is. Couldn't remember the full name. We had a fatal fury special at my school
I never played Chang anyway, it was all about Kim kap won
Actually, I have to agree with you. It was him and my were always the ones I'd use and Yuri's butt attack
She had butt attack and that was great
Any character who attacks with her butt except there is a fighting game
That has a character that fights with her butt and the game kind of sucked and that was the Sailor Moon super s fighting game
So which is which was the first game I've ever imported
It was a Sailor Moon fighting game. Nice. Very nice. So now that we have this little tidbit about me
Going back over as far as the rumor mill is concerned
There has been rumored a a
New
Ace attorney game to be coming out
Um that has been called um, Gakuten Saiban perfect prosecutor and it should be starring
Edgeworth
objection
overruled
Well, you said it was a rumor so I thought I would object but I
You know these people that love the ace attorney series love the ace attorney series
I have a friend who is sucked into the series. There's like manga and everything
Yeah, um, but um, they're actually the it came across from some scans in Famitsu
So, um, you're you remember Shane used to come on this program a bit a long time ago. I don't remember mr.
High musical I'm reminding the listeners right me glattov so and so on who used to work in on mr. High school music
Okay, he played he plays World of Warcraft with us, right and he joins ventrilo the chatting
You know how like in ventrilo whenever it joins you have that little robotic voice that says, you know
Rob has joined the server you can put in whatever you know name you want his thing whenever he joins the server goes
Apollo justice is sexy has connected
Just cracks me up, but I'm telling you people that are really into Apollo justice are really into it
Hey something a lot of us are into this week is rom check fail a couple weeks ago a little independent game called a rom
Check fail swept gaming blogs everywhere rom check fail takes several classic video games such as Super Mario Brothers
Asteroids pac-man throws them all into a blender basically resulting in unique and nostalgic
Gameplay basically kind of what you do in this game. Is that one minute you might be
Zelda in a Mario level and you're trying to stab the asteroids with your sword
It would be link, but then the next minute well, you know what I mean, but then the next minute you are
You're you're in the asteroids level and then suddenly you're pac-man
You have to find the dot on the screen to eat the things from kicks are flying around the screen
But when you find it they turn into blue ghosts. It's excellent. I love it
The man behind rom check fail is Farb's and we got in touch with him this week
And we're excited to have him on the show tonight, so let's go to the phones all the way to Australia
Where Farb's is from let's get him on the line all right. Hello Farb's are you there?
Hi, yeah, hey, how you doing Farb's?
I'm not bad not bad all right
So you're the guy that wrote rom check fail was this is was it a solo effort
Did you do this all yourself or how did this happen?
Yeah, yeah, no usually I work alone um
It's just easier that way coordinating the project between multiple people way too hard especially when you want to do something a bit silly
How long did it take you to do the whole thing?
Well, I'm not sure if you saw but it was part of the video game named generator contest over
So so the whole thing had to be completed in three weeks, which is why it's it's pretty small game
But you know that's why wow it's very impressive considering. It was done in three weeks
I I had heard it was it was like the the winner didn't you end up winning that competition too? I?
Did I did so well congratulations? Well well deserved how did it get from?
Competition rules to this finished product like whether where there are certain rules that made you want to go in this direction of developing
This game or what happened I?
Think you tapped into a little bit of controversy there because the the contest had one rule that you had to use this video game
named generator
Websites come up with a name for your game, and then make that and that's something I didn't actually do so
What happened you get a really bad name out of it or something?
No, I know what happened was I am I kind of started in that direction, so I started sort of looking at the generator
Running it a couple times coming up with different names having to think about how it works and thinking about ways that I could
Hook in an exciting game with that right and what I saw pretty quickly was that the generator was
It was coming up with a couple of different concepts and just kind of mashing them together
Which if you played ROM check file you'll see is certainly a part of ROM check file
So anyway, I saw that and I thought hey
You know what would be awesome is a game that actually generates lots of the games that come out of the generator
so you know
That's pretty funny. It's kind of it's telling you through all these games
It's like you throw all these games in a blender and out comes this so it
Wasn't necessarily that you had the idea to begin with the the blending of the names kind of inspired the blended game idea
Yeah, totally so I was going to do stuff that actually came out of the generator
But I realized possibly also with the help of some advice from a friend that
When somebody sees an emu on the screen and and there's a dragonfly, but I don't know what that means right whereas
If they see Mario, and they see some space invaders. They totally get that immediately
Well, I don't know the first time I played ROM check fail. It took me a minute to get it
But but just imagine how much would have been if you didn't actually know what the characters were all the ways that they
interacted with each other so
Not only was it kind of tapping into the whole nostalgia vibe
But it but it also communicated to the player much more quickly what the hell was going on
I guess that's a very good point because you know eventually kind of figure out okay if I'm pac-man right now
I better eat this dot before I try to touch something or I'm gonna be in trouble. So yeah, do you think that's right?
Whereas if you were a penguin and you had to go pick up a water lily before you could eat things you
You would never think of that
Unless I was playing the penguin and water lily game. I don't know
Maybe it would be in the title
Do you think it's that nostalgia is the part of the reason why this game is just kind of like spread like wildfire amongst all
The gaming blogs and the internet and kind of like caught on I think that has helped a lot. Yeah, um
Which is a shame because that's not really what the game was meant to be about but you know, I'll take it
What what is the game meant to be about? Well, whenever I make a game, I usually think about it
Just starting with a gameplay concept first. So I think about the way that the game's gonna play
I don't really think too much about what it looks like or the narrative or anything like that
And this game like I was saying was about
matching different kind of
Archetypal characters together just kind of throwing them in a scene saying deal with it
Um, what was the question again? No, that's okay. Um, what like
Um, I guess we were talking about the that is spreading along the blogs and it's kind of like wildfire and the nostalgia
Is the nostalgia part of you know, why this game you think is caught on so so popular?
Oh, right, right, right. Yeah, I think I think that's half of it. Um
Because I mean you look around you you're gonna find a lot of games that that are
You're gonna find a lot of games that that take mario sprites and chuck them in a game or or that kind of thing
Um, so it's not not unique in in the first thing
What's largely unique is the way that it uses them and the fact that there is a playable game underneath
Absolutely. Did you have to recreate all of the the the mario and I I don't know if this might be a controversial thing
I'm asking so you can feel free to say no comment
But did you have to recreate all those sprites and the music and everything or did you were you able to kind of?
I don't know. I guess borrow from the games that were already out there
How much of this did you have to kind of build from scratch?
uh, well
Strangely enough this actually took most of my time like recreating the the gameplay interactions and things
was very quick when I was just using a bunch of squares, but
Once I started looking at the the proper sprites from all the games and the sounds and everything
It was a huge process to um
To pull it all together and it came from whatever source I could find first to be honest
So there's there's a lot of sprite rip pages that I used. So thanks to everybody who put those together
Um, all the music came from different people's websites where they they've sort of re-orchestrated tunes
Which I then tweaked a little bit to make them sound a little bit more like each other
And cut them up and pasted them together. So it was
I like to think of it as a collaborative effort from the entire internet retro gaming community
I was gonna say i'm thinking this isn't my name's on the credits. This isn't just like a hodgepodge of a game
It's also kind of a mixture of all these different contributions that are already out there on the internet
So some guy who ripped zelda sprites might have helped with this game and didn't even know it
Um, yep. Yep, since this game's kind of spread all around the internet, you know
You gotta love the way the internet kind of reacts to things and i'm sure your email box has been starting to get some
Emails about rom check fail if you've gotten any kind of like crazy feedback about the game or what's like the craziest thing
You've gotten in response to the game
Uh, actually I haven't really got much back from it, which is which is a bit surprising
Um, I think a lot of people play the game through a direct link
So they don't even see my website and people who do even like pick it up by going through my website
Don't don't think to email me. So it's been a bit quiet. I mean the the tig source feedback threads have been great
um
But unless i've explicitly asked people to talk about my game it's usually been a bit quiet
Well, that's a damn shame. We need to get some of our listeners to send
Love for making this game for free as part of a competition. So listeners send farb's little love
Where's the website they can get in touch with you? Oh, uh,
www.farb's.org f a r b s excellent
Do you have any uh future projects you can talk about things that might be coming to the website soon?
Because you have some other games already on the website, too
This isn't the only thing you've ever done you have some other games as well
But um, do you have anything in the future? You might want to give us some hints about uh
I would love to but unfortunately i'm still deciding what i'm gonna do next
I mean i've got i've always got about a dozen ideas kind of floating around bumping into each other and it usually takes
Something to actually push me to put something together as a game. So the uh, the vgng compo was great for me because I I had
You know some concept about games that I wanted to make
Suddenly I had a three-week deadline to actually do something and so I got something done
Whereas now i'm back in that phase of sort of thinking. Oh, I don't know what I want to do next
So there will be games coming I can promise you that
But I have no idea which ones excellent. Well here, you know something we at orange launch radio
Have been talking about our dream game for a long time, you know
I'll just kind of throw it out there if you can make a game with cats wielding lasers at each other
Might be an amazing game. So just give me something to think about maybe for the sequel
Now something we always ask all of our guests that come on the program because you know, we're all gamers
What kind of video games have you been playing this week?
Have you been playing independent games you a console gamer pc gamer? What kind of games you've been playing this week?
Uh, this week's been very quiet for me. I've uh,
I've been a bit busy. So I haven't haven't been able to get into any massive titles. So
Mostly for me it's been just sort of picking up indie titles because usually you can kind of pick them up have a bit of
A play and then and then put them down again because they're not very large
Um other than that bit of smash brothers friend of mine imported it so we were actually able to play it which is nice
Awesome, nothing big very cool. Do you find yourself drawn to other indie games?
Do you like to kind of sample what else is out there in the indie world?
Yeah, I like to but but like I said, I mean i'm interested in gameplay mechanics and you're going to see a lot more variation
in that kind of stuff in indie games, but
also
They're they're small and disposable and that that's really great when you've you know, got 10 minutes free
Uh, it's a lot better than thinking. Oh i've got 10 minutes free. I'm going to start morrowind that that doesn't add up
Exactly, um, I got one more question for you and this might be opening a big can of worms
But it's something we've been kind of talking about a little bit in the past on this program
And that would be kind of the future of uh console, you know gaming as we see these more
Independent scene friendly things start to open up such as xna and we wear and things like that
From your viewpoint as somebody who's been kind of developing independent games. What do you do? Do you think that?
Xna and the these things that are going to make uh console development a little more accessible to the indie developer
Do you think this is going to be the next big thing in gaming? Do you think this is going to take off or do you think?
Yeah, this pc is always where it's really going to be at
Well, I think uh the the the xna thing that they're coming up with where pretty much any game can get
Distributed is is definitely going to be interesting. Um, but in that sense, I think it's just going to really look a lot more like pc
I don't think we're ever going to really hit that that kind of wonderland that all all indie game developers
Hope will one day open up where you know, you can make a game in three months by yourself
And push it out on a console and suddenly make millions and millions of dollars. I mean those those opportunities pop up occasionally
But they're extremely rare. So
I don't know. I I think it'll open up a bit more. I think it'll become a little bit more like pc
But I don't think we'll see any major changes
All right. Well farbs. Thanks so much for joining us all the way from australia tonight. We really appreciate it farbs
He is the man that wrote rom check fail it check him out
Www.farbz.org and you can download other games as well. Not just rom check fails. So check that out
Farbz, thanks so much for being with us tonight
All right. Cheers. All right. Take care
I I want to listen to him talk some more. That was really cool. Sorry. He's gone now
So yeah, but yeah, it's something about accents aren't isn't there but I I want I want I want laser capture
And and he's quite talented. I mean rom check. I was very surprised
I mean, I kind of knew going into that interview that rom check fail was done by pretty much one guy
But that's still very impressive, you know, i'm always impressed by some of the levels of talent out there
Well, best of luck to farbz and thanks for taking the kind of time to come on the show. We appreciate it
Are you a big fan of rom check fail loki? I think you were the one that showed that to me first played it a bit
Yeah, I don't know. It's one of those games that you can play for just a little bit and then
Leave it for a while. It's like the game that made me go
What is that music and then I realized it was marble madness. It's like it's like
WarioWare type of thing like as long as you could just play for like a little bit and it's like total crack and fun
You're like, okay. It's like it's a good like micro game like the c1 that it was just all like nintendo stuff like, you know
mega man with mario's all the
Well, he might hit copyright issues with that. I mean, well, I guess he already is. Yeah, who cares? That's true
Okay, make something for we wear or something. That's why you need to do it like all underground, you know
And don't say who you are and just throw it out there on like, you know, the bit torrent
Well, I would gather farb's is probably not his real name. Well, I'm just saying speculation
I'm just saying though instead of like having a website and stuff because if you do it all underground and stuff like that
They can't really stop yet. I mean, especially if you just kind of throw it out there, you know, just let it catch the current
All right. Well, we want to thank farms again for taking the time to come on the show
All the time away from developing new games for us more crack for us later on. All right, let's get back to the show
Later on. All right. Let's get back into the gaming news. Loki take it away. All right. So here's another rumor that's coming around
That's not a big surprise
But um, i'm interested in to see that they're actually kind of going this route or maybe thinking going this route
Um rumor is that microsoft course is good looking into creating a wiimote like device for the xbox
360
Uh, the motion controller is going to be codenamed newton
and uh
No word on what exactly this might be
Uh something though
it will use a like a usb powered sensor bar and it will possibly have rumble motors as well as um,
a microphone built in for voice activated games, so
It's interesting that they might be going this route and the same way I kind of think you know
It's not a little copy cat-ish a little bit, but everybody kind of copies everybody at some point. So
And I know microsoft has had
Not great success trying to tap that family market and stuff that nintendo has but
Well seen it hasn't done bad for them
I mean, you know, even though amongst the hardcore we kind of all turn our noses at it and go it's kind of dumb
But apparently it's been doing fairly well for them. So who knows?
I don't think as well as like say we sports or something like that. No, I don't think well
I don't you just never know with microsoft
I know with microsoft microsoft kind of has a way of taking it at somebody else's idea and kicking it up a notch
You know what? I mean, but can you imagine though just if you will like motion controlled games with
360s graphics. Yeah, I mean that'd be fucking awesome. I don't know. Uh, what do you think dark sakura? Do you think uh,
Do you think it could be successful motion control on the 360 or and I open this up to chat, too
What do you guys think of it?
Do you think it could be successful in the 360 or is it gonna feel like a cheap knockoff of wii?
I really don't think it would be that difficult to integrate
Into um, the 360 because really all you need is just the uh, the input device, you know
The the thing you need your sensor bar, of course
Oh there went my power plug again, um, I don't think that it's it's going to
I really don't think that it's going to be
That sort of cheap knockoff thing, but I think people are going to have a preconceived notion
About how it's supposed to work because they have this experience with the wii
You know, I think it's really all about the games
It really is, you know, depending on what they release with it
And if they've been paying any attention to the wii they're going to take something like wii sports or carnival games and really kick it
Up a notch and uh, it might do very well. This is a chance to either sink or bail with it
I mean, I mean sink or swim with it. I mean and if they swim they'll be you know, because Microsoft they'll be walking on water
Comments from chat room chat.orangelaundry.com
RawstealUT is predicting that newton much like xbox live vision will have incredibly limited use
That is the problem. I mean at least nintendo built their whole console around the concept so, you know, the game's integrated
VxjasonXV our fearless webmaster says Microsoft wants to tap that
Gerardimo says I want motion control res. Oh or space channel 5 does come to xbox live arcade do want motion control
Choo, choo, you never know it'll be interesting. So I just you said that I was already starting to think of samba
D'amigo the one we with the posing well, they are doing that
I know that's what I started thinking of doing your bizarro little poses
Uh juiceton says imagine a game that requires the camera and the motion controller
Good idea, but imagine the highly limited audience that's going to reach unless xbox then puts out a you know
Another bundle that comes with both which I guess is is very possible. I don't know
Who knows?
So, uh, we'll continue on with the gaming news and I want to talk about metal gear solid online, you know over here
Uh, you had to pre-order the game in order to get the metal gear online demo, but guess what?
In the european playstation store metal gear online premiere beta free download on the playstation store
April 17th to may 6th in europe
So if you live in europe, you don't even have to pre-order although I imagine you know logic
You know, usually this is the type of thing that would make us go woohoo free things are awesome
But then again, I go I imagine most metal gear fans
Probably pre-ordered the game anyway, so I can't imagine there's that many people but at the same time
There might be some casual fans like for instance
You know if if this were happening in the us I go
Hmm free beta i'll download it and check it out. I may not be into metal gear that much but hey if it's free
That gives me incentive to take a look
Right rob what imagine technical, um, uh, the imagine babies. No
Imagine not stumbling over your words imagine
Uh tactical espionage action sounds like fun though
babies
babies with babies
Yes a tactical espionage baby game metal gear bailey
A tactical espionage baby game metal gear bailey metal gear babies
Maybe that'll be you know, because they have the flash forward in metal gear 4
Maybe that'll be a metal gear 5 flash backwards. By the way, the beta is running from april 21st to may 6th
Uh, which by the way happens to be one day less than we have it in north america. Hmm
Something is afoot maybe all the uh
Maybe all the european fandom over the years for sony is paying off. Who knows anyhow?
Your fandom pays off every week when you send us emails to our address mailbag at orange laundry.com
We love getting your emails and uh, just yes, we do dark sakura. Just say it. Yes, we do
Even though we've moved over to all games.com now
We move the mailbag with us and it's still the same email address mailbag at orange laundry.com
Let's open up the mailbag and check out some of the email that came in since last week's show dark. Sakura
Dive in head first. Will you into the mailbag and pull out some of your favorites? No, because there might be an anvil in there or something
Or a spider. Oh, okay. So
um first, um
Email of the evening is from trisha licious
That's a cool name trisha licious. I hate to say it. Oh, i'm gonna i'm gonna make us lose a fan
But it does sound like a stripper name
Dear olr, just picture the guns and roses in the background now taking the stage trisha licious on my ipod
I thought I would ask you about a recent game
I purchased and I had to buy it from an online retailer after reading a review in game informer magazine about pinball hall of fame
The williams collection which received a high rating and for only being 30 bucks. I knew I had to have it
I proceeded to my local gaming shop expecting them to have the game since it was
Reviewed in their magazine, but nothing was on the shelf or listed in their computer database
When I finally got the game after buying it online, I lo- I loaded it up and started playing
Phf on my wii is the best pinball I have played on a pc or console
I wanted to try to get the word out that this game really kicks major butt as a pinball simulator
I love it and I want to make sure those all those who also love pinball to give it a try
Now I want to go play these tables all over again if I can find them at a local arcade
The local arcade love to you all huggies trishalicious
Pinball is awesome
Pinball is the best ever, you know, I downloaded a new table for pinball fx on xbox live this week the uh, buccaneer table
Yeah, uh, but I didn't get a chance to play because I was down with that rocky and bullwinkle table
but I got sidetracked my whole fantasy star universe thing, but I
Trishalish is not the first person to point out that that's a fun game
But I bet you especially would enjoy that you pinball whore really? Yes. Good times. Yes. All right
How can they release a pinball collection a williams pinball collection and us not have it just just just checking?
Okay, then. I'm
What I was shaking my head anyway next email is
Is kamatari's forever is who that is
Hey, olr. Love your show been listening for about a month and one and wondering a few things
Is the ferret still there from your transition to all games?
That answer your question
That would make me sad if it were shipped away into a box
I've also heard rumors that konami will make a ddr 10th anniversary game sometime around this or next year
Could that be plausible due to licensing fees and whatnot? Just want to know
I could see it being plausible since they're probably running out of ideas for new ddr games anyways
Yeah, there's not like too much they can do to revise. So let's put a new ddr game with all the classic konami songs
Wait, that's like every other ddr game
What I think that they should do if they did like an anniversary edition is to have you be able to choose your mode
That you play in so you can actually load up
the very first ddr and have to do your little jumps around for your codes and shit and have it all be
Unvivid and you know instead have like second mix mode where you have dance battle pop-up because you know dance battle was the best thing
about about second mix and
You know, you should do stuff like that like a third mix have paint mode or something, you know stuff like an SSR
Whoops
Or you can dance to this song
What a hoe down? Anyway
Hope that's what I get for leaving things running
Can I be, do you have something to say about
It would not be a first show on all games if I didn't screw up somehow. So there you have it
Do you have something to say about the ditter?
Look, I've been saying forever if ddr wants to evolve the game needs to be they need to scrap all their old code
Rebuild the game from the ground up
Honestly make it look like guitar hero at this point
I think that's the best way to make a catch on here in the US. I hate to say it
How about okay? How about this? You just totally ignore like all the like tutorials and
Get rid of quest mode for the love of God quest mode is
Crap or redo quest I think quest mode has potential to be good
No, no, but not in its current form quest mode is crap what they need to have bring challenge mode back
That's fine. The challenge modes. I think are a lot more fun
or
Challenging than quest mode quest mode is like okay play allows on go. Oh
Oh fun
Nothing like repetition. I just think if they want the DER to continue they should you know remit
I've said it for years. They need to make DDR take it from being cooperative and making competitive
But that's just me or have like new modifiers that are song specific that like certain things happen in the song
Maybe integrated with like, you know videos or something that are playing like the arrows fall down different ways or something like that
I mean, which would be pretty cool like different
themes
All right, next email next email is
As soon as it loads up
Next email comes to us from Harvey. Oh
Sorry, it comes just from a poorly formatted email. Um, I'm
Okay, I'm just gonna say Harvey was the last name because they put their full name in there. So that's what I'm gonna say
Um, hey, what's up, Ol R. I was wondering what do you think about Sony saying DualShock?
Wouldn't fit in a 6-axis controller and now it's there. How ironic
they didn't ever say it wouldn't fit just they
Couldn't do it at the same time with the tilt and it's so last
Yeah, I mean and it's actually the same shell. In fact, there's actually spots for the two rumble motors. So
That's bullshit. Do you think that redesigning the PSN store will affect the amount of content that is bought?
Will you guys be buying any games from the new we wear section next month? Also do like 365 give dark soccer a cookie. I
Will make it one of my goals as a gamer to give her a cookie
Dude cookies are great, but you have to get it to me by next weekend
Because it's your birthday. It's my birthday. That's right. I mean, whatever I want to
cookies and booze
Life is five did not give you a cookie. In fact, they gave me a migraine
Uh
Yeah, I
Want to they owe me a cookie and then they owe Rob money as far as we wear. Yes
I'm hoping there's some movies or something gameplay videos that make its way to the US sites
I can learn a little more about these games
Than just having to take a leap of faith. You know, I mean that game just like well, yeah
Okay, maybe there's certain cases where I would take a leap of faith and like I already know I want that. Dr
Mario game especially it has like the online and everything but you know some of those old ones like even like Final Fantasy
I'm kind of like
Honest, I don't know if I have the room on my Wii hard drive to fit that stuff
You know how many freaking virtual console games I have a sad amount sad amount
well
This person has listed gamer goals and I have to read some of these because I have to respond to some of them
Okay gamer goals. Yes. There's 15 goals. Are you to read them all Phyllis is not in order Oh
One be a guest on attack of the show either in person or webcam viewer. Why?
You know rated be a guest on x-play in person. Why?
Overrated special guests don't have guests anymore on x-play. Oh
Well, I guess they don't have viewers anymore. I guess on
live viewers
Special guest on a gamer podcast. Oh, well, our gamer tech radio all games radio IGN EGM
Oh XM game scoop beyond or three red lights all of those
I might be tricky come to yeah getting on all ours easy. Yeah, just show up or you know
Call us on the skype line. It's very easy to get on the show same thing with all games interactive
At least they do they do their phones are open the whole time
I don't know how they do it because they keep their phones open the whole show if we did that we get derailed even faster
And we already do but uh, you know, they have their phones open all day
We've been on that show and it's very tangenty too, but it's fun. Yes
For go to e3. You don't want to go there anymore. I
Do speak for yourself. Well, I want to but I don't think that it's e3 is not what it was
So just to let you know. Yeah. Okay miss got invited last year and didn't go I
Had other things to do
Have the game room in my future home. That's always a good idea battle it out over
Major league gaming and a battle out at major league gaming. Okay, get my degree in video game design
I'm good. This is one of the ones I wanted to talk about. I
Have a friend who's a game designer and she has a math degree
So just a word of warning you'd want to go in programming or math
Not something not or go in the art side of it and go into you know
Graphic design or digital art just letting you know
I don't think there's actually anything an actual video game design some folks in chat room are commenting on this whole e3 thing
And Gerardo most said I want to be a guest on xplay four years ago. Justin says
E3 is lame sauce now. It's all about packs. I'm oh god. I hope I hope I get to go to packs this year
I think I'm gonna go I want to go I think they're supposed to be like a big all games like
Thing like Voltron thing happening at packs. So I definitely would go. I know it's gonna be hot
um
What was the other thing I want to see?
Recruit number zero seven four five says e3 was cool before they fucked it over
By the way, ask someone how to change your neck so we can give you your proper name
Black wolf says last year's e3 was the best e3 I went to and I've been to 11 of them
Lucky you Bobby, but I think the whole point though is that this person might not since we're on all games now
Are we gonna get into the e3 this year?
Frickin hope so. Yeah an article. Yeah, I know. We'll write articles. I'm a good writer
Anyway, um make a video game. Well, you'll need your design creds then
Review another company's video game you could do that if you got a blog
Travel to Japan and meet the people at Konami and Square Enix
Okay, go to New York and hang out with true homie the rage 65 scariest glow retro king grow
Why boy and others they are some of my friends on xbox live get my xbox 360 autographed by the guys over orange on radio
We could do that
We could we I need me a new xbox, you know
Several people have asked about the faceplates now. I'm I'm almost feeling like oh god
We're gonna have to come up with some way to do this for everybody who wants one
So what things like or at least get autographed pictures or something?
I never thought we'd be at that level where I cuz I totally feel like a picture of me
I don't know. Like don't you feel like a total like pompous asshole by say
What was I do have the sign pictures from was it that
Attack of the attack of the show. I think it was it still the screen
It was still the screen savers at that point
I think cuz I got my dad one cuz he liked the screen savers. Yeah. Yeah. Well
We'll figure we'll figure out how to do it
I've had somebody email my personal email that once one and you know Osfer was the guy I kind of started it
I know we will figure something out within the next couple weeks. I promise
So the last three yes, it's get a copy of Gears of War one and two autographed by Clippy B
Attend the University of Advanced Technology and give dark Sakura a cookie
Those are some you would be fulfilling the being on a show on a podcast and the giving me a cookie one at the same
Time and even the signature the autograph before you here in studio. I know we're awesome. Well, here's the thing
Here's the thing here. Where's this guy live? Did he say no if you live near Pax?
This might be your opportunity to do like three in one shot because you come to Pax you can be on our show
Give Jamie her cookie and we'll autograph whatever crap. I
Cookie on our packs. No asshole
I will eat the cookie on air as long as it does not have marshmallows or white chocolate in it or poison or poison
I don't know. I've poison maybe if it's tasty. All right, I will die for tasty food and I'm kidding
Um, anyway, um last email is um, thanks for switching to all games radio
I couldn't even listen to you live on life through 65. Anyway, I'm happy you switched seamlessly, but down to business
I want to ask you guys are you actually going to air the fuck show and when?
Looking forward to it. Thanks for your time Zeppelin. Yeah, remember that we were supposed to do the fuck show
Fucking hell, I don't know if that's actually gonna happen next week
I just because I'm gonna be out of town most of the weekend and it's just it's
We can't say when it's gonna happen. We got to pick a show and not tell you I like that idea
It should just fucking happen whenever the fuck I
The fuck show will happen. It won't happen next week, but it'll happen before summer
Is that weird? Yeah, we have to have one listener in on it just because they have to keep tally, but
Well, we'll tell dark Tetsuya or somebody, you know, who's been listening forever that we know is good gonna do a good job
Keeping tally. But yeah, if you don't know what the fuck show is you listen last week's show
It's this completely idiotic and stupid idea. We had that is so funny
It makes us giggle like in only places that what they play calm snap can
By the way, how much do I love the wiki editors?
The people that work on our wiki which is the orange lounge radio dot wiki calm
How much do I love them especially namely and a lot of people are getting in on it now?
But namely AJ mix and dark Tetsuya have been doing probably about 80% of the work. If not a little more. I love this
here's the summary you go in oops you go into the page that says dream games, right and
Let's see. We have they're all accounted for
Sky's voice the game laser cats Loki's world of randomness rice princess presents boobies and pandas
forbidden Bomberman pen and paper
furries and then cosplayers versus furries and here's the new entry what they play calm snap a
Nintendo Wii game involving taking pictures of two guys kissing a disembodied head while on top of a couple having sex shouting fuck
Beautiful a gold star for AJ mix who made that edit
You know
Someone else emailed something that I'm actually not going to
To really talk much about because I can't watch it while we're live, but someone sent me an engineer's guide to cats
Just the thought of that could be morbid
I think I'm just going well especially since Dan was showing Julie that South Park episode last night about sniffing cat butts and
so
That just sort of makes me think of that. I'll watch it later, but thank you whoever sent me an engineer's guide to cats
And that's it all right
If you want to send us an email mailbag at orange lounge radio.com is the place to go
Speaking of pen and paper the game Loki
Yes, speaking of pen and paper the game now
The game that we're referring to of course is lol never party alone. It's a multiplayer only game
Put out by age tech. It's actually kind of like
Pictionary sort of you basically draw
that will give you like I guess a
theme or a
statement or something like draw a funny clown, and then you have to draw a clown or something like that and
You know everybody draws it then one person votes on so it's like I guess
Pictionary meets apples apples, and then the winner gets a point
But the thing is as we said pen and paper of the game you can do this on pen and paper already
You don't need the buy game. Well unfortunately you won't be able to buy this game
in stores because
according to
The game's distributor age tech it will be available online only
so
Yeah, you won't find this in stores
That's all right buy a tablet of paper and pens instead
Oh just what is it surprising if what if you're playing it in a store?
Then it will be in a store
You can't buy it in a store though
What if you were downloading it while you're in the store and paying the money while you're in that store?
No, it's not downloadable. It's just that you're buying you have to buy it from their online store
What if you're in there? Oh, what if you have your laptop, and you're at a store, okay? I'm picky
Just forget it. Do you really need this game? I mean, it's not like what else did they sell online only electroplankton?
Yeah, I like electroplankton. I know but exactly that was a game. That was worth buying online
Lol, I don't know. I don't know about that one. You know you know what the the alternative to
Lol is hmm. It's
No open canvas
picto chat
Well guys
We're going to get into another segment. We do here on orange launch radio once in a while
and I kind of gave away what's coming earlier based on the music, but
That's right when you hear that happy music. You know something really fucked up happened
And it's probably time to give out another olr stupid award
this time
18 year old Jean-Pierre, Orla, Orla wiz Orla wick wiz Orla wick is ol
or le w icz or le was wiz
I don't even know how to say that he is on trial right now for first degree premeditated murder
Guess what him and his friend did they sound so happy they ambushed 26 year old Daniel Sorensen in
November they stabbed him in the back and then sawed off his head and burned his body
This was not a video game. This is real life. It is not funny when it happens in real life
It's not as offensive as two guys kissing though
Don't even
Oh my god this guy looks psychotic
I know seriously okay, so the trial is going on right now, but here it is. Here's what happened the defense is
Blaming hitman that's right hitman
Here it is from a cnn report quote
They dealt with it a video game called hitman that he used to watch and it was a video game where you got
Impressions that you would kill somebody hit them from their backside where they were not aware. They were being killed
But I don't know that sounds a little more like manhunt to me but
Regardless this guy's an idiot
Not just for what he did I mean that was stupid anyway
But for the fact that the defense and I guess the defense team wins the stupid award too
But trying to blame it on hitman I
mean come on I
Mean get it's one thing to stab somebody and kill them that way, but like I
That's insane like they like on a scale of one to ten one being like not really fucked up and ten being like super fucked
Up like stabbing someone and killing them is at least twelve okay
That's beyond fucked up, but stabbing them then cutting off their head then burning their body
That's like 11 D billion on that scale okay
so you've got issues, and you need to go away for a long time where we won't see you ever ever again and
Don't try to blame it on a video game ass
Stories like this make me angsty
Oh, you know what happens usually after the stupid award comes about of angst and we like to call that here our f-use of the week
Chuck soccer once you start us off tonight with the f-use of the week
Okay, my f-u of the week goes towards people who drive really really slow like grandma slow
When you're going the speed limit and they're going less than the speed limit
And I know I talk about bad drivers all the time, but oh my god all of them were in front of me today
And also an f-u goes towards the amounts of cleaning I've done in the past week in our house
But I did get something really awesome. I have a toy. I call it the doctor's cleaning tool. It's called a sonic scrubber
Nice and you use it for cars, and I used it for the bathroom instead, but anyway
Just all the dust that got kicked up from all the cleaning I've done for Dan's pinball gathering tonight
Has had my eyes bloodshot like all week, so f-u to dust too
Loki do you have any f-u's of the week?
F-u goes to this chair that I'm sitting on because it's horribly uncomfortable
We will try to find a cheap chair for you at IKEA or something I promise
IKEA has comfy plastic ones
I want to get another chair like that. That chair is awesome the one you sit in
I know they can't see it on just TV because you're secretive, but it's a very nice chair
Sorry, look is that it?
That's it. I got nothing else
F-u to my pancreas which continues to bother me. I've been having chest pains today
Although thankfully I've been getting a little bit better and speaking of food. I actually ate a full meal last night
It was very nice
I went to Mimi's and they have a low fat menu and they have a spaghetti marinara dish
It was actually pretty damn good for low-fat, but I'm so sick of this low-fat diet
I mean granted it's nice to have lost 25 pounds and all but I am so
Sick of eating low-fat like seriously when Loki brought in that pizza tonight
I'm like I would kill you for a slice of pizza Rob. What? I was going to let you know that I
actually do have a good number of
Low fat and low sugar recipes. Oh cool from my phase of South Beach that I would be more than happy to share with you
So you can enjoy some of the food that you're missing good time
So, you know what I'm craving right now though is like I I don't think it's low-fat though
I want like a teriyaki rice bowl or something
I guess just depends on who makes it and how they make it but oh that sounds so good right now
All right
Anyhow enough about food because I'm getting hungry because I haven't eaten dinner yet that will conclude the F use of the week and we'll
Get back into the show
with some more gaming news
well, we've already known that the
You know US and North America. We're gonna be getting a I guess limited-edition
Metal Gear Solid bundle with the game, of course an 80 gig system and
Also, I guess, you know the DualShock 3 controller well now there's also another bundle coming that's gonna be the
Gunmetal gray PlayStation 3. In fact, it was confirmed by Konami's Brandon Loreno
on the official PlayStation blog that this very very limited-edition system will be available in the North America as
Part of a special Metal Gear Solid 4 bundle. So I guess it's the same thing, but this one's Gunmetal
You know silver grayish
and
So I guess both these are gonna be scheduled to arrive around the game's release date of June 12th
But I good luck getting your Gunmetal gray they're gonna be super rare basically, yeah super rare
I bet I bet I know something that's even more rare and I know I can say something about this now because Bobby said it
On his show tonight. I can talk about this a little bit
All games radio which you know, we're a part of is going to be giving away
This is super duper rare an Xbox 360 Grand Theft Auto 4
Box, okay. There's only like 500 of these puppies in existence all games got one and they're giving it away and
Base and they're not giving it to you Loki. I'm sorry to say you're ineligible stupid rock star. Listen, okay
I played more of Grand Theft Auto
PSP multiplayer and trust me that's pretty painful
Okay, that game had some pretty bad multiplayer
but I loved it and we played it more than anybody any human on the face of this earth and
Yet, you know, no love for me. What the hell?
Well, here's the way it works on all games radio every show that's on the network gets to pick a finalist
Basically, it gets to do a contest to pick a finalist
So we'll be picking our finalist either next week or the week after but if you don't win with us
You might be able to win with Bobby black wolf. You might be able to win all games interactive video game outsiders
Platform nation, you know one of the you know countless other shows that all games radio has
Everybody is gonna every show is gonna send one finalist to a last round and I don't know what they're gonna do at that point
When the freaking mark echo, I mean, come on, man. They're just like throwing them away now. So stay tuned next week
We'll have more details. We may even do the qualifier next week. I'll post more on the website
I just I have to know the all games timetable either be next week or in two weeks. So we'll see
Okay back to the news. Yes news because ferrets are always
relevant to to my interests
a something else is relevant to my interest is the BBC and the we and they rhyme because the BBC on we is cool we
anyway, so
There is a an I player replay service that the BBC has that's going to be functional on the Wii and the service is
one that
It's actually already available on iPod touch and iPhone that will do
You limited by time different replays of BBC shows including Doctor Who torch wood
Which are two of my favorites and whatever else they want. So, uh, it's actually
It's for we owners in the UK. I actually want to try this on my on my iPhone. I would love to try it
But if anyone wants to actually see what's what's playing on there. The address is BBC co dot UK
Slash I player and you can see what they've got up for now. That's pretty sweet
I was reading this concept a little bit earlier for the show start
I'm like this is this is a great next step for the Wii
I mean talking about wanting to be like, you know a centerpiece in the living room with its news and forecasting
We talk about being able to bring television shows like that
I mean even more so the next like what if you didn't have to pay for it?
Well, I mean one thing though that I do want to mention
that might be a
A problem is that the BBC's website does IP check
For example when the Sarah Jane adventures were just coming out. You actually couldn't even look at their website. It would block it completely and
About I even use two different IP directors and it still had me blocked
so but just for what's on there right now as far as featured items is
Actually the last episode of Doctor Who that aired the other day
Which was called Pompeii the last day
There's also
Not dodi open house to buy or not to buy
Freaky Eaters
Dateline London. Yeah, if you care
There's some pretty good stuff on there love soup. I I would watch a lot of BBC shows
I hope I kind of secretly hope they'd bring it over here and a show little Britain a show that my husband likes is
Top Gear
He watches episodes of that on YouTube
Um, but Top Gear is also available to that. It's if you're a big, you know racing or car fanatic. That's a good show
All right, well, we'll see well this is kind of interesting it's been
How now maybe leaked out on?
When Animal Crossing for the Wii will be coming out
apparently
Apparently there is a calendar available for the club Nintendo
Folks, and of course, you know for April they have well, I should say they have different games for each month
The backgrounds and stuff. So for April, of course, they have Mario Kart Wii
Well guess what games in December, of course Animal Crossing
They have a bunch of picture of the characters and that that could just be a huge coincidence
Could be but I mean no last game that came out was on the DS and that was around
November December ish so
You know, it could be just a coincidence as come out. I'd be interested to see what's on the other months
You know just to see if that that's that's the thing
Yes, the thing was kind of missing like what are what's in the other months were some of the earlier games from this year in
The earlier months like did you have you know?
Smash Brothers brawl for March February, you know, like professor Layton or something for
February and it is a bit of a stretch, but we'll see well
We are about to wind down here and we'll be taking Skype calls very soon
If you want to give us a call one eight seven seven game
Olr or our username on Skype is orange lounge radio
Keep in mind that is different from the other all games shows for those of you guys that are new to our show tonight
Thanks to our new relationship with all games calm keep in mind
We do have a different phone number than the rest of our shows that are live. Sorry. That's right or interrupt real quick
They actually have someone actually has the calendar and it sounds like it may just be a coincidence because January was Mario Galaxy
February was we fit but this is all stuff. That's Japanese dates. So, I don't know
March was Mario Party
They had April's Mario Kart may looks like they had like Yoshi's Island
June something Metroid Prime related
like Kirby
Just all their stuff. Yeah, it's just it sounds like it's just random
All right. Well, this isn't so random. This is very scientific and statistical. It's next generation published a report this week
It's the top
100 selling video games of the last two months to 12
I'm sorry last 12 months not two months last 12 months compiled both across North America and Europe
Okay, and I promised Jamie some cooking mama
Did you know that cooking mama cook-off is the 98th top selling game in the past 12 months?
Four hundred and seventy K units moved between North America and Europe pretty cool
That's that's a lot even though the game was kind of crap compared to the DS
Like it lost a lot of magic on its way to the Wii
Kind of interesting to lend me yours. You can take it anytime. I'm not I'm not that excited about it
I'm just quickly looking through the list to see if there's anything else notable on it
I noticed boogie is in at number 87 and I don't know how I felt about boogie. It was a little bit corny
But it's a lot of people. I I know that are casual gamers really like that game, so
Let's see I'll try to wind it down here and just get to some of the top games that sold in the past 12 months
What do you think what would your guesses be?
What would you say was the number one selling game in the past 12 months just speculating because I know you haven't seen this story yet
Halo 3 good good choice evil 3 mario Galaxy
Okay, here's the top 10 number 10 was brain age 2 4 million units remember
This is North America and Europe combined for whatever reason doesn't count Japan though number 9 was Super Mario Galaxy
4.1 million units 8 was Assassin's Creed 4.9
7 was Pokemon Diamond and Pearl with 5 million 6 was need for speed pro street
5.4 million 5 was Madden NFL oh 8 5.7 million
4 was FIFA Soccer oh 8 because remember we brought Europe into the mix so you know a soccer game is going to sell
5.7 million as well number 3 this surprised me guitar hero 3 was the number 3 selling game of the past 12 months me I
Was just because it's so much more expensive
7.5 million units that doesn't surprise me, but I guess you consider all the systems this game is on
Number 2 Halo 3 8 million units. I was close yeah close
So you guys are both close the number one game though call of duty for modern warfare
8.3 million units yeah when you hear it, and then you think oh, yeah like seriously. I look at my friends list
There's always someone playing call of duty for always played the hell out of that game
Yeah, it's it's weird though because you know here on orange launch radio. That's not the type of game
We usually talk about it's not the type of thing we play, but I even said that I liked it
Yeah, we saw respect for it certainly weird imagine fashion designers number 66. Oh my God
You know what games not on this list imagine babies know what I have judgment. I have just not on the list that is correct
Good job. Loki. I did so notice some ps3 titles in there like I saw ratchet and clank in there somewhere
so
Well there you have it one more story then we're going to open up that skype line
And I don't know how it's going to run tonight
It might be kind of choppy because we have both justin TV and this higher bitrate streaming
I will have to can justin TV during this segment if we have problems just you know we got one more story
And it's a sweet one right Jamie. Yeah, it's really sweet and sappy makes my teeth hurt, but it's really cool
There is a guy and let me make sure that I pronounced his name correctly Brian Clema. I guess Clema kale I am a
who
by his own account made a custom level in
Super Smash Brothers Brawl this says Marry me and put the timer to infinite put peach Mario and
Kirby who is his intended fiancee's favorite character and just left the TV on so when she came home and turned on the TV
she's like oh, you're in the middle of the game, and then she saw that he had the ring in hand and
Look, he said look at TV again. She said yes, so I thought it was sweet. Oh
That's cute, and she proceeded to own him in Smash Bros. Brawl
I don't see how anyone can play on the Marry me level though
It'd be really freaking difficult to actually get out of the top part and land somewhere
You can beat somebody else up
You should put that level up for download for all the other nerds who want to do something like that
That's the Marry me level up. I'll tell you what though the best engagement story
I ever heard was dark soccer is that was my favorite tell the all-games crowd
Your engagement over a particular movie. I love this story
Dan and I
We well we had known each other. You know online for quite a while and when I moved out here we on
Valentine's day we were watching UHF. We were you know kind of broke. I didn't have a job and he was
working telemarketing somewhere, but
we were watching UHF and eating French baguettes and
Spinach dip and drinking that the kosher blackberry wine. I love how you remember every detail. It's so girly, but cute
Oh, shut up. I remember lots of details about lots of stuff and
We just sort of mutually decided to get married it was like we should get married okay when sometime okay, I
Just think the fact you got married over UHF is so funny. We're now brought us together. It's time to drink from the firehose
Yeah
Marvel in the oatmeal you should have had that at your wedding the firehose we didn't actually have a
Wedding yeah, but at your you know you should have at least you know outside the courthouse
Black corset and a purple skirt and boots
When I got married it's awesome
And then I had cake and it was good and then and then we went home, and I slept in the next day
Okay
Romantic odd one in chat says God if I had a nickel for every time I got laid because of UHF and
DJ Morpheus you'd owe money. Yeah DJ Morpheus follows up with a zinger you'd owe five bucks
What's that old saying great minds think like me no Dan says it great minds think like us all right
Skyplines open one eight seven seven game. Oh LR again. I apologize a little bit experimental
We'll see how this first call works out. Hi. You're on orange lounge radio. Who's this?
Hello GS 68 what is on your mind my friend
Um I have a question for a low low key about my currently all right. What's up?
Logie or what's up GS 68 for Loki?
Um have you played online yet? Yes?
Um how's the online like if someone disconnects will they will they get replaced by CPU without you knowing like in Brawl?
I don't think anyone disconnected in the ones that I played, but like you can choose you know between matches or whatever
To leave or continue on to another race or something like that
It's just sometimes a little difficult to get connected
And it's kind of cool that once you're like if you're waiting in queue to you know join up the next game
You actually watch the other people playing their games, so you can kind of switch between different cart views and stuff like that
But I didn't actually see anyone get disconnected off there, so I don't know
I'd assume they they would lose points
Because the way the rankings work you start off with 5,000 points when you first start playing and then depending on where you place
um within the 12 you'll lose up to like
64 points and then gain maybe 64 points, so I'd imagine if if they disconnected whatever
No, sorry go ahead
I'm
Carroms saying that they can't hear me. I have to mic turn all the way up you were a little quiet
But that's okay. It might be on our end. Just keep talking don't listen. Don't let them bully you in chat. Oh
oh
Anyways, that's what turns me off from playing Super Smash Bros. Online in the with anyone mode cuz if
The game will disconnect you a game will please disconnect with a CPU and not tell you what's the point of playing online anymore?
I mean, I'm gonna just play against three CPU characters honestly gs68 there really wasn't one
And I think they just put it in as an afterthought to say they did it
That's my honest answer because it sounds like Mario Kart we has a much more robust type of online like I didn't even know it
Had that whole like ranking it has leaderboards
I have like a bunch of stuff and you can look at your friends and see where they are like you know the different times
And stuff you can download the top you know
Rankers their ghost data and race it if you want to
But not all that stuff works too. Well right now because of you know they're getting hammered
So like trying to download ghost data didn't work for me. I I tried a few times, and it didn't work in fact
I had to hammer online and finally get into a game
It took me about 10 tries, and I finally got to play an online game, but well you know that'll get fixed eventually
I'm sure but right now. It's just you know getting hammered pretty bad
All right any other comments gs68 or questions oh?
Yeah, I'm you didn't nominate any games for all our March Madness right you know we send in our lists later
We we got in there late, so we weren't in on the nomination process for all our March Madness and just for the benefit because
Folks who only listen to us in the podcast may not know and all games folks may not know
DMN one of our other personalities from the old orange launch radio station kind of was rounding up this March Madness
Competition but involving video games. I'll be honest. It's very similar to the type of thing
You've probably seen on game facts in the past, but it wasn't with characters
It was with games
And he was trying to find the best game of all time of which super Metroid ended up winning last week
For which I got called every name in the book because I it was separated by one vote
Yes, even amongst all the chatters all the hosts in studio of which we had quite a few guests last week
It was separated by one vote and I cast the deciding vote to make super Metroid win over Chrono Trigger
And I took a lot of shit for it
But yeah, we did not actually send in the qualifier list because DMN closed it off early
But what would you want to ask about that? Yeah?
Yeah, what I would like ask him like our listeners like what games they wish she had nominated but I
mean that's
What I mean some games that are very
big like we're on the brackets and
So basically like I see that the kind of thing like you know what was missing
What should have been there? What what wasn't on the brackets that should have been? I think honestly you'd I?
Think the sampling was a pretty good sampling of like you know the
Mainstream best games that there were out there. I think honestly you would be diving into everyone's niche gaming
To see what it is they missed you know if you're an RPG fan you probably said oh
Where was grandia or where was you know some some niche RPG if you're a racing game fan?
You were probably like oh, where was you know?
Burnout or whatever it is so well
I mean I surprised to see that like obscure games like massive to the allegiance are the brackets yet
I gave like Castlevania simply that which is what which did so much pretty Castlevania series it what it basically took
To
the action
They can buy 2d action adventure gameplay RPG elements like that game was not on there
Yeah, Castlevania is one of my favorite games, too
You know if I'd nominated it would have been definitely in my top five
But I got to finish this up because we can move on to other calls
But I will say this we might try it again in a few months
Let the dust settle a little bit
Maybe when there's another thing going on now that we have the additional resources of all games comm maybe we can do something a little
More epic and maybe a little more inclusive of everybody's tastes so, but we'll see it's gonna be interesting though
Cuz when you throw like if we were to do something all-encompassing of all games
You know you take a show like all games interactive and a lot of those folks are really into the sports titles and the call
Of duties and the things we don't give enough time to on this show
So I think it would be very interesting to bring those two worlds together and see what still comes out on top
We'll see what happens gs68 we got to let you go so we can get some more calls him
But thanks so much for the phone call buddy. All right. Take care. All right all right
We're gonna take some more calls one eight seven seven game
Olr our username on skype is orange lounge radio, but looky looky. We got a call. Hi. You're on orange launch radio. Who's this I?
Think we got a lag issues is only Ola bienvenidos our orange lounge radio
Okay call dropped that sucks try it again. Hi you're on orange launch radio. Who's this?
This
Is mr.. VX Jason X
Jesus Christ he came out of nowhere. Hi VX Jason X V. What is on you sell like you drop the mic on the floor
What's on your mind Jason?
What is going on tonight I
Don't know I think it well. I don't know cuz the last call went okay. Yeah
I don't know people are just having technical difficulties all right
We'll give it one more try if you want to give us a call here on orange launch radio
The lines are open now that last call didn't go so well, so I have to edit that out
But we're taking more calls. Let's go to this call. Hi. You're on orange launch radio. Who's this?
What is that did everybody drop their mics on the ground hello
Oh good Zaku yes, I'm here. Hey Zaku. What's on your mind? I?
Know much just trying to give you know just try to get
Congratulate you on your new and your new home and everything now our fresh digs
It's awesome you know what I got to say this I got a really ways well
I want to say this real quick Zaku
I really want to thank everybody who's tuning in tonight both Bobby black wolf before us and us we have
Exceeded more live listeners than we've ever had
Ever it's with the exception of e3 specials. We've done with brought in more people, but
Who knew the voltron of podcasting would work both Bobby and us are benefiting from this so big about it is amazing
Cross-promotion, that's awesome work. It was
Surprised you guys didn't do it soon enough it did slide through 65. You know probably like a year. You know you're earlier
I mean yeah hindsight is always 20 20 isn't it look you got a question. What's on your mind?
Basically all right since I managed to get a PSP last Friday and managed to get a hat
I need some good. You know some good apps. Okay. I mean you I
Know you got to help me out with a little bit of something, but why else can I put on my PSP?
Turn the homebrew
What now I'm sorry I?
Can't I couldn't understand him
Um I just heard I just turned down the bandwidth on Justin TV
So hopefully we'll get a little better. He wants to know like PSP apps. He should have I don't know
I haven't downloaded anything in a long time. I guess emulators. I mean that's kind of cool, but uh you know PSP radio, maybe
I
Don't know
Really downloaded a number
I
Know Zaku you should get the you you should get the PSP radio thing in the latest firmware
And you can listen to all games radio now on the PSP radio anywhere you go
You got you got the latest firmware hacks already got that one actually
Zaku you reminded me of something and it didn't make our show roll tonight, but did you see this?
Loki I'm curious if you saw this Sony sent out a poll earlier this week basically asking people. Why do you hack the PSP?
Yes, I kind of try. Why do you hack?
The basically they sent out a poll saying like you know and it asked people to rate things on a scale like one to seven
Going like you know yes, I agree or no
I don't agree
You know like I hack my PSP because I like the challenge or I hack my PSP to give it features of the PSP
I have my PSP to steal games kind of interesting
I
Hack it just to spite you
How about how about a couple good websites?
Zaku can keep an eye on because really it's about what you want to do with the PSP so had a couple good websites for
I guess psphacks.com
pspupdates.qj.net
Stuff like that I mean those would be two websites I'd check they have a lot of downloads on there and stuff
right
I just barely had trouble today. Just getting some proper emulators. You know
But you know at least I know people you know like you Loki and other folks that can you know help me out
That's good. You gotta get back on that scene. I mean three latest M33 is pretty damn good right now
Especially when your PSP is overclocked
Alright Zaku we got to let you go so we can get more calls any quick final thoughts
I'm gonna get your PSP hacked. Don't leave you. You know fuck Sony's
Endurance all right. Just know somebody went up in door, but battery. That's all you need to know all right
It's all about the battery take care, buddy
1 8 7 7 game olr. I'm hoping our next call will be a little better with the bandwidth because I dropped Justin TV a lot
In the video they're probably just seeing a still picture in there right now. Hello. You're on orange launch radio. Who's this?
Hi guys, this is footy monster. See that's a lot quicker
It was like no and the footy monsters in Argentina, so we might just have to do that every week on just TV anyway
Sorry, we're learning about our show live. What's on your mind footy monster noise at all
I just want to share a couple of things for a quick first off congrats on your new home. Thank you
We like it. Hey quick dark Sakura put some of the nice silverware here from all games in your purse
Okay
All right, sorry, what's up?
Well, you know that story you had earlier about Brazil and the whole bully thing
Yes, I do well
Here's the thing as far as understand since it's pretty close from here
The only country that I know that's in South America that has any sort of official distribution of anything is actually Chile
And they have Microsoft like Sony doesn't release anything officially and Nintendo doesn't release anything officially
Argentina used to have official distribution of Nintendo products, but those that was like in 1995
So I'm thinking and and this is just a theory that you know anything that happens in Brazil
Rockstar will never care for because it's not that they were sending their game to Brazil
Because they are not doing it. It's just you know retailers importing the game and having a great market so to speak um
You know what's interesting though is that it's interesting in Nintendo doesn't support
South America more because like I was just kind of noticing
I was just looking at some of the box art on a recent game drew was here last week
And he gave me back super paper Mario because he borrowed it and I was just kind of eyeing the back of the box
And kind of noticing how like it's interesting on Nintendo
Puts the back of their boxes in three different languages all at once now like you look at the back of a box of a
Nintendo game it's in English French and Spanish all in the back, but you read some of the fine print yes
I was very bored it talks about how the game is only for distribution in the United States Canada hence the French and
Latin America they say hence the span of Latin America is like Puerto Rico
Which is basically the u.s.. And Mexico is basically the u.s.. Which well
I think some of our Mexican listeners might disagree, but but
Yeah, but at the same time the distribution of products
I do find it interesting because then they're basically saying well Latin America is just Mexico
It is kind of interesting that they are cutting off the rest of the countries south of Mexico
Well, no not really. I mean considering the economies that we have here. It's not that surprising
I mean who's over here what you have to spend to play a game?
I mean I was just the other day at the shop buying a 360 game well attempting to and it was like 90 US dollars
So I'm not gonna go buy a game for that price, so if Nintendo had to officially release their games support the region
We think the prices of games are gonna be
You know and they I mean they're not gonna sell at what people here could buy because they will have no profit and even worse
You know people from the US would import from South America, and it's the same thing right and pay cheaper true
It would never work. I guess that's true. I
Guess we had to get the realist perspective so in the mean in the meantime
How are you getting your games footy remind our listeners? How do you get your games?
Do you just have to pay the mark up or do you import or what actually I got a 360 quite recently I?
Probably January, and I had the option of flashing the bias and just you know like lucky
Look at us in one of his 360s and part of my games
But I actually really like the live experience, and I actually bit the bullet then whenever I go to Chile games
They're a pretty and another cheap, but they're competitive prices with the u.s.. I seen I could buy Mass Effect with 50 bucks
Or the other day I found lost Odyssey for 45 bucks
Oh nice, so you know it's like the prices are even sometimes
They're even cheaper like a god deal a for new seal for 20 bucks, so
What I could what I did is just actually go there because I have family there and whenever I make a trip
I just bring two or three games with me. You know because here. It's like $100, but over there
It's since Microsoft official distributes the games. It's totally you know possible to actually buy original games so right now
I'm buying original games and just doing it on ps2. I had to back. You know buy backups
That's all you could do and on my DS. It's I do the same thing
It's very interesting footy to hear you kind of talking openly about
Pirating games which you know has ruffled some feathers in the past here on this show with some of our listeners who are against pirating
Which you know I understand
Let me let me make this straight
It's interest, but it's interesting though footy when it's your only option
You know like you're talking about I mean
It's that or smuggle your games from Chile or not play games because really I mean just because you don't have money
Your option is not stealing. You know I do because I am fully aware that I'm doing something
That's not entirely legal or morally you know correct, but I have that better
I will this is a small anecdote here when I was a kid
I used to go to a computer shop to get my computer games in floppy disks
And I would go my floppy disk that I would buy in a box at a retailer
Go there, and you know look at through a list of games and ask them for a game
And they would I would pay them and I would go home to me that was totally normal and reasonable
That was how you got games right only later. I understood that that's illegal, but that was the way you did it here
Hmm, so there's another culture of original games here there. I mean really there isn't
So that's part of the problem as well piracy is just so rampant you know that it's like the way it is
It's like go to China and say you know with the same argument. It will not work
I guess it's so interesting to hear from around the world kind of the way things work because sometimes
We're in our little bubbles in these other countries
We live in so what I love about the internet and doing these podcasts and talking to people from around the world as you get
To hear you to hear from gamers everywhere footy
We got to wrap up and let you go, but anything else you want to say to our listeners
That's pretty much it guys. I guess I'll talk to you later. All right. Good luck footy. Take care
YouTube
Smuggles his games from Chile amazing
Hi, you're on orange launch radio. Who's this?
This is the excuse next to be a second time and hopefully more stable way
Then you sound millions light-years better hello, Tony. I know you sound telephony probably cuz he's on the telephone
He's on the 877, but that's all right. Yeah, what's on you? I blame Skype. I blame Vista. I blame
I calm crap and you know everything else I can blame. It's not my life is five. Don't forget to blame them. Oh
Yeah, sure by 365 screw the RA the older fault. All right, and the police. All right
Jason what's on your mind?
Two short things and one quick thing
And one longer thing. Did you know that they made an impossible mission remake on the Wii?
Yes in Europe. Where is it here? I want it. Gimme gimme gimme
On my video game shelf come over and play it sometime. Shut up. Did you import it from Europe?
No, it was in the we went to Best Buy we were checking out and it was just sitting in those discount bins
What I looked at it
I laughed it said I'm getting this and bid and I've already played it then the game must come out here under the radar. I
Yeah, it doesn't have any it's obviously not all it works on our TV without anything special, you know
You use freeloader any of that stuff, right?
Well shit, I'm gonna go get but I'm gonna go pick that up tomorrow then. All right, cool
Thanks for the heads up. Hold up. Well, I didn't even know it came out here. That's great
It's cuz it didn't it did it did not it only came out in the DS
Yeah possible mission DS 10 bucks on Amazon. All right. Well, we'll see I'm gonna have to pick it just cuz I'm sure
It plays like crack at the box. I'll look for more logos. I will take a picture and show you guys
I it's not that I don't believe you. Oh here. Here's the best way to tell
Here's the best way to tell Jason see if it has a rating an ESRB rating on it because if it doesn't oh, yeah
Then it's different overseas. Aha. That's the way to tell. So anyway, what was the other?
What was the other story with little or what was the other story right now?
But the I'd barely they're watching Mulan Roo, so it's kind of noisy out there and I want to make too much of a ruckus
No, what are they singing? What are they singing along? No
But I heard them laughing uncontrollably just a minute ago. So good enough. I guess Oh girls
All right. Oh, yes, of course
I completely forgot what the second thing is. So I'll just skip to the last thing. All right farms is exceedingly intelligent
Yes, he is. I
Was obviously listening to the interview since I made it back in time to be able to listen to the show
And the discussion along the lines of XNA and we wear and everything opening up new opportunities. It's
Opening up another avenue for developers of the sort to showcase their talent, but it's not going to be a
It's going to be the same thing with indie and underground games. We already have through a different medium
It's you know, so the ones that are really good
There will be that one game and then the talent from the studio or just a or just a specific individuals can be hired
Onto a big-name studio and the cycles going to continue
It's a it's a great new app a new absolutely
But it's not going to fundamentally change the landscape of indie games being easily accessible and open to everybody and it was just very
Interesting to hear somebody else. I mean go figure developer especially was it's very interesting to hear him say the exact same thoughts
That I would have on such a thing. It's a great thing, but it doesn't change the landscape, but and
Plus the fact that you know, he's in another country too. So you kind of get you know, that whole thing
I was just talking about with footy monster hearing from gamers around the world hearing
It's still the same idea over there. Not that there's you know, obviously all the all the companies are in Australia doing business
It's it's not that radically different from what it is over here in Europe or what have you but still still interesting that it all
Comes to that kind of same thought. I I don't know
Maybe I blew the XNA thing out of proportion a little bit when we first heard it about it on the show
But I still think it's going to be a pretty radical, you know, it's just like YouTube didn't change the internet
Completely, but it had a great impact that was felt
you know what I mean and live people know what YouTube is and where I
Honestly think XNA is going to be a YouTube of sorts for gaming. That's kind of how I feel
Did you play those little community XNA what two-week trial games that they had up there? Yeah, some of them were fun
Yes, yes that they were it's I don't know that it's gonna have the same I completely understand your comparison
but I don't think it's gonna have the same impact as YouTube just because
Gamers the the XNA toolkit as I've talked to Bobby about the past and other various things
Apparently the XNA toolkit is exceedingly interesting, but it doesn't lower the bar YouTube lowered the bar
You take a video clicking the buttons and you're done. I guess that's true. This is
Yeah, this is very special and it is a great Avenue, but it's not gonna fundamentally change everything
So, okay
I you know
I am comparing apples to oranges a little bit but I still kind of think that whole concept where it's gonna be a lot
Easier for the people that can do it to get their stuff out there because you know
You look at some of those little trial games that came out, you know games like the dishwasher
Jelly car were yards better than Yaris. You know what I mean? They were a while ago
It's the loop and some of the other, you know, there's been some other junk on expo
I hate to say it but the Tron ports weren't all that great like they could have done better and some of the other classic
Game ports, you know what I mean?
Yeah, I just think you know put it put these new game developers me interesting
these new games can certainly hold a candle to classic remakes and
Shit like yours. Yeah
Jason we got a wrap up here so we can sign off for the night. It's already midnight 30 on the East Coast
Do you have any quick final thoughts for us? I
Wish I knew with all I wanted to say, but I forgot so good night. Well, you can always call us next week
Good night. Absolutely. Bye
Our fearless webmaster VX Jason XV. We love him here on the program. That's gonna do it for the skype line tonight
Sorry to those didn't get through we can always try again next week
We're gonna wrap up the show. But first we got to get some last-minute news
I'm gonna check in with Loki and see if there's any last-minute news
Not really much but it's kind of interesting it looks like
There's a hacking group blaze team that has released a hacked
We virtual console game that they've broken the encryption on so that's a whole
Big old can of worms that Nintendo probably doesn't want opened
and
Then there's some other interesting things castle
Crashers, it looks like it's gonna have some new characters including a bear that fights with a fish and
You also I guess get little I don't know helper pets or something like that. They have a floating cat
It's kind of funny. I can't wait for this game to come out a
A floating cap. Yeah, it's an animal orb. It says the cat who will add to your agility and strength
Interesting I
Don't know. It's it's cute
Rosteel UT says the ESRB org lists impossible mission for DS PS 2 PSP and we I gotta go look for that
They have yeah scratch paws the cat which is a cute name for a cat scratch paw. I'll let a cute
they also have
There are some other pictures in here. They have like a little bird and a dog and
I
Don't know. It's just it's just all on a dev blog dot the behemoth calm
And you can check out like they show off the different weapons and stuff
Was it the barbarian axe fish?
They have a thin sword skinny sword thick sword pumpkin peeler
And the different characters for castle crashers looks like
well the bear and then
periwinkle night and
You know other than and they're gonna have a lot of characters to play as that games gonna be fucking awesome can't wait
That's really it I think didn't we talked about games for Windows magazines going online only yeah
I think so, but yeah, it is it's kind of the way magazines are going right now anyway. Yeah, I had to say
All right, we're gonna wrap up. We're running pretty long tonight on our first all-game show, but that's all right
We had a good time. We had farms on the show. We had lots of folks
Let's go around in gear base final thought dark soccer your final thought
It's hot in here
It's getting cooler. It's cooling down as the night goes on low-key your final thought. It's hot and humid in here
My final thought is you guys are babies. It's not that bad in here. No is getting pretty bad
hopefully we get an AC next week and and and and
We gonna
Yes, yes, yes, we'll talk about that during the after birth and stay tuned
That's all I have to say stay tuned for those of you that are listening live
We do have a little bit more for those of you on the podcast though. That's it
That's the end of the show because we just it's our life that we're gonna play some games
For our live listeners, so we'll show that in a little bit, but for those guys listening to podcast it's over
But thanks so much for tuning into and supporting independent podcasting
Hey
If you like orange launch radio all we ask tell two friends about the show
That way the message of orange launch radio spreads and we slowly take over the world without you guys independent radio is not possible
Thanks you guys so much for listening to us coming out listening to us on all games calm making this debut here a big success
And we hope to continue to do that through the weeks to come in our new partnership through the rest of
2008 things like packs and maybe e3 and who knows what else it's gonna be an exciting year and the fuck show
Don't forget the fuck show. It was always there. Look forward to as well. All right until next time. This is Rob Roberts
That's the ferret. She's Jamie. He's Loki. We're olr. See you next week
You've been listening to orange lounge radio orange lounge radio is an orange lounge production
To join us for a live show visit
www.all games.com
Sunday nights at 6 p.m. Pacific time the views and opinions expressed on orange lounge radio
Do not necessarily reflect those of the entire staff of orange lounge radio or all games calm
But we're probably right anyway. See you next week
