Tonight, April 20th, 2008, Rock Band is set to get its first full albums, Soul Caliber
the Original is headed to Xbox Live Arcade, and did a recent video game release borrow
its box art from the internet.
Hello everybody out there on the internet and welcome to another week of Orange Lounge
Radio.
We are that podcast on the internet dedicated to video games, video gaming, gaming culture
and the gamer lifestyle.
My name is Rob Roberts and joining me as always, say hello to the one and only Dark Sakura,
Jamie Summers.
Hi.
And how are you, Jamie?
I'm a little tired.
I'm sorry to hear about the tiredness.
I can tell you're quiet and you seem like your energy is depleted a little bit.
Well, a happy late birthday to you, Ms. Jamie Summers.
I know this weekend was your birthday and I guess you're just too exhausted from all
the partying, huh?
I went to San Francisco for Sakura Matsuri and I was very sad because it was so windy
that all the blossoms had been blown off of the trees except for a few.
Oh no.
But I did a lot of shopping and they changed Kinokuniya.
Hmm.
It has a whole anime manga stuff section downstairs.
Interesting.
But that's where all the fanboys were but that's also where all the Copic markers and
the leader pads were so I had to go down there.
I noticed you brought back a video game magazine, All in Japanese.
It looks like Famitsu magazine.
I brought back last month's issue of Famitsu.
Nice.
And I brought back the first issue of the Blue Dragon manga which is interesting.
Yeah, I was thumbing through it and I'm like, this looks to have nothing in common with
the video games.
It's not done by Toriyama.
Interesting.
And I brought back a bunch of comics.
Cool, cool.
We noticed you're getting a lot of belated happy birthdays in our chat room.
Thank you everybody else in the chat room.
And if you want to join us, chat.orangelaungeradio.com is the place to be even though we do tape
live on all games radio, we do use a separate chat room still, our old chat room, so chat.orangelaungeradio.com
or if you're already on the game search network, it's channel Orange Lounge.
And I got pie today but I haven't eaten any of it.
Birthday pie instead of birthday cake?
Because my boss baked me a cake on Friday.
Well, not on Friday, but she brought me homemade carrot cake because carrot cake is my favorite
cake.
Nice.
She baked me a cake.
I'm so happy.
That's even better than giving you a cookie is baking you a cake.
I got pie today.
Nice.
What kind of pie?
I did eat a lot of cookies though.
I had Samoas.
I love Samoas.
I ate them.
They were cold too and had Mars Bars eggs and Nestle Black Magic eggs.
Oh, you got to stop talking.
I miss all these foods ever since I had to go on the low fat diet thanks to the pancreas.
Pie is good for you.
All right.
Let's move on.
It's full of vitamin banana.
Let's move over and say hello to Tech Master Loki who also joins us every week.
Hello.
You're on Orange Lounge.
How are you?
I'm doing good.
Any cookies or pie in your day?
No.
Do you have an exciting weekend?
Do anything fun?
I waited two hours to eat at Joe's Crab Shack yesterday, I guess.
No, that's not fun.
Two hours?
Two hours.
That must have been some damn good seafood.
No.
It was.
We were damn patient.
It's really popular here, though, in Sacramento, though, because it's on the river.
You went to look downtown.
It was on the river, right?
It was Saturday night.
It was during dinner rush and they had prom people there, so, you know, people are dumb.
I was out of town for four days.
I missed Jamie's birthday, sadly.
I was completely out of town since Thursday.
I did my yearly pilgrimage out to the middle of nowhere, also known as Mendocino, which
is up on the north coast of California.
Part of it's a vacation from, you know, life, but it's also a vacation from the internets
and everything because there's no phone connection out there.
There's no internet.
There's no nothing.
Just the beach, hot tub.
Good times, except for the food poisoning I got that kept me in bed all day Saturday.
That kind of sucked.
Oh, well.
I did end up playing some video games, so I'll talk about that in a minute right after
we get to Dark Sakura's gaming week.
How was your gaming week?
It wasn't.
Well, other than Ragnarok, but I bought Famitsu and the Blue Dragon manga.
And we were supposed to hook up the Dreamcast.
We had talked about hooking up the Dreamcast so that I could play a couple of things that
I've been sort of having an itch to, but instead I downloaded ZSNES today.
The emulator.
Nice.
Because I want to finish Seiken Densetsu 3, and I think I know where my save file is.
It was at the Super Nintendo ROM you were most itching to finish?
Yeah, it was a pretty good RPG.
Those are good times.
If you want to join our chat room and give comments on gaming weeks, chat.orangeloungeloungeradio.com,
and for some reason people are commenting on Joe's Crab Shack.
SSJ100Matt says, you ate at the Crab Shack on Passover?
Fired.
Somebody who didn't change their name, OLArmyRecruit2559 says, always with the ragnacrack.
Yeah, and your point is?
Did you ever sign up for the number two?
Solid Goomba, by the way.
Oh, okay.
Did you ever sign up for the number two?
No, I'm going to wait until they have more than just menus translated.
Did you get some of the bugs worked out from the early releases?
Yeah, because I'd actually like to be able to do the quests, and I don't read Korean.
Yet.
Amazingly enough, know how Korean is read, you know, how the characters are arranged,
but I do not actually read any Korean.
Sorry.
It's alright.
Nobody's perfect.
Alright, let's move on over to Loki.
Was there any Korean in your gaming week?
No.
Oh, then what was there?
I don't think.
I played Omega 5, actually.
I was downloading some Xbox Live Arcade games.
I downloaded Ikaruga, but I never got the chance to play it.
I did play, actually I played the demo of, what was it, I don't remember.
Anyways.
What was the new release this week, because I was out?
Rocky and Bullwinkle, and Battlezone.
Oh, that's right, the minigame thing.
I wanted to check that out.
I gotta catch up.
I heard that it sucked, but whatever.
I'm actually kind of excited there's another game out there that uses the webcam, other
than Totem Ball.
Totem Ball and Wouno.
And the other board game assortment.
Really, we shouldn't be encouraging them.
Alright, fine.
Whatever.
So, yeah, I played Omega 5, and that was pretty cool.
It's just really hard, but that's kind of shooters for you, I guess.
I played lots of Mario Kart, and it's kind of, I don't know.
I guess it's just like the other Mario Karts.
I still really hate the fact that you can't do, you know, just four person, you know,
everybody against everybody, you know, types of battles.
It always has to be two on two teams, or one on three.
It's just, it's stupid.
It's just lazy that they don't have that in there.
But racing is pretty fun, so we've been doing that.
And then, more Saints Row, yes.
I played multiplayer, but then I realized something.
I don't know why I haven't realized it before, but I just found a code in the game that actually
makes this game totally different, and a lot fun in just the weirdest way.
I couldn't stop giggling, like, the entire time I was playing this.
The code is the Evil Cars code, and it makes all the cars in the game try to hunt you down
and kill you.
Nice.
And so, you'll be running around or something, all of a sudden, this car comes from nowhere,
just flying through the air, just at your head, where they'll, like, be backing up towards
you.
And so, I made it, like, kind of a goal to, like, run from one end of the map to the next,
and it's fun.
And, in fact, I think I might actually do a little video for YouTube or something like
that, just something funny with, you know, that whole thing in there, because it's hilarious,
because you'll be hiding in, like, a little ditch or something, all of a sudden, all these
cars fly over your head and stuff, trying to kill you.
What's that, the plot of some movie?
I don't know.
Carrie?
I don't know.
Oh, no, not Carrie.
No, you're thinking...
That's, like, death proof.
No, not death proof.
I didn't see death proof.
I know what you're thinking of.
Ah, forget it.
The title of the movie.
But it sounds like fun.
Can you do that in multiplayer?
No.
Well, it would be...
It's people driving the cars.
They'll come after you.
If you take the people out of the cars, then they will stop moving.
It's not like the cars drive themselves, because that would be cool, too.
As I was going to say, it would be fun, like, that could be a fun multiplayer game, is,
like, who can live longer being chased, stalked by the cars?
So, what I've been doing, yeah, like I said, I put in, you know, the infinite ammo code,
the infinite sprint, and just go crazy, just run, you know, and it's pretty hard.
There's a lot of...
Especially when, like, you get onto the freeway and stuff, and there's trucks coming after
you, and cars are exploding because they keep running into each other.
I don't know.
It's pretty cool.
SSJ 100 Matt and Chad is chiming in with Death Race 3000, which he wants to point out is
being remade.
Is that the one where you get stalked by cars?
Death Race?
Uh, no.
That's the one that's just, like, Carmageddon.
No, I know the one you're thinking about.
It's a Stephen King movie.
It was Carrie!
It wasn't Carrie.
No, Carrie was the prom king.
Christine.
Christine was the prom queen.
Christine was the one about the Plymouth Fury.
Yes.
Well, there's another one I was thinking of where the cars were alive, and remember they
had that big rig with the clown face on the front?
It?
No, that wasn't it.
Forget it.
Forget it.
I don't remember what it's called.
I'm not sure if someone in chat will know, though, but yeah, it's cool, though.
The code just, you know, I guess a little bit more life for this next few weeks until
Grand Theft Auto IV comes out.
And you've been extending the life of Saints Row for quite some time.
Oh, it's a great game.
You're one of the only people I know that still just doesn't shut up about this game
ever.
It's a great game.
I already have my Saints Row 2 preordered, so I can't wait to play that, too.
And, you know, and I don't, everyone's always, you know, pro Saints Row or pro Grand Theft
Auto and, you know, hating on the other ones.
I don't understand why you can't like both.
I love both games just equally, and they're good in different ways.
I mean, Grand Theft Auto tends to be more realistic, where Saints Row is just absolutely
batshit crazy with, you know, all sorts of, like, stuff that you wouldn't be able to do
in real life.
It's just great.
All right.
Chad.orangelsrader.com, some comments.
In response to the vision cam, vxjsonXV says Rayman's raving rabbits on the 360 use the
vision cam.
Unless, of course, you're talking about arcade scheduling.
And Brad from Pod Culture, Maximo Overdrive was the name of the movie with the cars there.
Nice work.
Nice work.
I was going to say about Rayman's Raving Rabbids, I was already worn out from the Wii version.
I never even bothered with the 360 version, because I was already kind of...
It's dirt cheap now, because that game didn't sell for crap, so...
I bet.
Well, aren't they making a sequel, though?
They already made a sequel, Rayman's Raving Rabbids 2.
They came out on the Wii last year, around the holiday.
Apparently, I slept through it.
Oh, well, you didn't miss much.
That's what I hear.
But they didn't do one for the 360, because, you know, the 360 one didn't sell at all.
Frisbee wants to know, can you use the vision cam on the computer?
Yes, you can, actually.
There's software available on Microsoft's website, but there's no audio with it, and
the quality's not great.
We actually...
I actually considered using it for our Justin TV feed, which is taping our show over Justin
TV, but the quality's not that great.
So that's why we don't use it.
But it does work.
It is a USB camera.
My gaming week, believe it or not, even though I was out of town for four days, I did get
the opportunity to play something new, because what is going into the wilderness with 10-year
friends staying in a cabin and not bringing along some party video game?
And I got to check out, for the first time, SingStar on the PlayStation 2.
And we've talked about this game an awful lot on the show, but I've always been more
of a karaoke revolution player.
That's the games I've had.
But we did get to check out SingStar, and the friend of ours had a variety.
He had SingStar 80s, SingStar Pop, and SingStar Amped.
And I guess one kind of cool thing is that you could switch back and forth between the
games without having to turn the whole dang thing off and on.
You just pop in another disc, and it loads the 30 songs from that disc.
Each game has about 30 songs.
SingStar was kind of fun.
I was more impressed with it than I thought I would be.
The only kind of bitches I have is that I didn't like the pitch gauging quite as much
as I do in Karaoke Revolution.
You can only see your pitch as you sing.
You don't see it any time you're saying something in the mic like you do in Karaoke Revolution.
You really kind of have to play both games to know what I'm talking about.
But if you play Karaoke Revolution, any time you make a sound, that arrow shows up on the
line to show you where you're at.
Whereas in SingStar, you don't see it until you're already singing.
But one thing I did like about SingStar is that it had pretty much all the real music
videos in the background as you're playing, which is kind of cool.
SingStar Pop has Aha!
Take On Me.
So you know we had to play that just to see the video, because, I mean, how long?
When was the last time you saw Aha!
Take On Me, the video?
I mean, it's got to be like years and years ago.
Some of our listeners are probably too young to even remember this video.
Oh, Rob.
What?
About four days ago.
On YouTube or something?
Yeah.
I hadn't seen it in years.
I hadn't seen it in years.
It's the one-hit-lender song.
I know, but still.
NessusJ100Matt says, Rob, in a cabin in the woods with SingStar, horror movie plotline
anyone?
Kind of.
It could have been.
But there was a lot of songs I sang and had a pretty recognizable song list.
I actually think I might want to pick this game up on PlayStation 3, although, only it's
a party game.
I mean, you know how there's those video games that really only work when you have friends
over?
SingStar's definitely one of those games.
Let's wait for the WiiWare one.
I think.
Yeah, maybe.
Because why get a PlayStation 3 for the crappy game?
Well, I'm not going to get it just for that, but I like the fact that there's the music
videos, the actual music videos in the background, and the way it's put together is nice.
You know you just want it so you can film yourself and put yourself on that fake YouTube
thing.
Hell no.
Hell no.
I'm not going to be able to exploit it.
I'm not going to subject myself to that.
Can you imagine me getting on there singing Like a Prayer?
You know what happened last time I sang Like a Prayer or Karaoke?
Yeah, it's been like 10 years and I haven't lived it down, so not going to happen, sorry.
Or if it is, it's set to private or something.
We'll see.
So.
Alright.
And that, and I played on the PSP, because William brought his PSP, he was playing the
shit out of Puzzle Quest most of the time, I played more Final Fantasy while I was sick
yesterday because I got food poisoning or something, I was sick all day yesterday.
One.
But it's the old school upgraded one on PSP, and I know I've talked about it on the show
before a while back, but man, the graphics are just beautiful on the PSP.
That's one thing the PSP does have going for it, is even though it has that little screen
and everything, you know, the graphics are high def and gorgeous.
That's one thing I really like about the PSP.
So I kind of want to go and pick out, get Final Fantasy II so I can play that on my
PSP and then if I want to borrow a Final Fantasy I will.
I didn't get into the II, it was, I don't know.
It's just different.
Yeah.
It's just different.
Alright, well that's going to do it for our gaming week, so if you want to join in and
chime in on our gaming weeks or the news for tonight, you can join our chatroom, chat.orangelaungeradio.com.
In the meantime, we do have some housekeeping for you guys.
One thing that kind of made me sad, you know we have the Orange Lounge Radio Wiki at orangelaungeradio.wiki.com,
and that is growing and growing and the people, the listeners that have been contributing
to that are doing an awesome job, it's great.
The bad news isn't about that.
The bad news is about Wikipedia, the main site, you know, wikipedia.org.
You know how Orange Lounge Radio had an article on there?
It got zapped.
Somebody deleted it.
That's ridiculous.
But here's the thing, here's the thing I don't get.
I always thought that articles when they got deleted from Wikipedia had to go through a
review phase for like articles pended for deletion or whatever and people are supposed
to review it.
So, when I looked at the deletion log, this guy named ClockworkSoul just nuked it.
He must be some admin on there.
He just nuked it and it said, web content does not indicate important significance.
Sad.
Without any debate or argument, this guy just kind of did it.
Well, now you know who to go after.
Well, I mean, I think we all kind of knew it was coming anyway, but I mean, I don't
know, you know, we were...
A warning would have been nice.
I don't know, you know, we were one of the, we've been one of the longest running, you
know, when we had the Live Through Six Five station, we were one of the longest running
video game shows on the internet and, you know, now we're teamed up to probably form
one of the, with all games, probably the most experienced out there on the internet.
We were one of the first shows to use Skype, probably the first show to use Skype.
I actually, there's a part of me that thinks we were the first only show to use Skype and
I think I have the post to back that up.
Not to toot our horn too much, but I think there are things we have accomplished that
make it somewhat notable.
Well, what about the other websites referred to on there that are still, you know, there?
No.
First site to use a PSP-based website, first gaming thing to have a PSP spin-off site,
whatever.
So let's just put it back up.
Yeah, well, first and least updated.
Yeah, but I would just say if you guys are going to go back and recreate it, you just
might want to source some things, but you know, some of our news stories are on YouTube,
whatever, but oh well, we'll see what happens.
Regardless, we do have the OrangeLoungeRadio Wiki, which is like 10 times better anyway,
and nobody can delete that, so whatever, whatever, see if we care.
Our communities, we have Myspace.com slash OrangeLoungeRadio, we have our Facebook community,
the OL Army, our live journal community, OrangeLounge, join us if you are on any of those communities.
Speaking of community, the All Games community has banded together for this.
This is awesome.
A limited edition Xbox 360 Elite based on Grand Theft Auto 4 is being given away.
Now we have to correct something that was said last week's show.
It is not one of the 500.
That's the bad news.
It is not one of the 500 Uber limited edition things that Mark Echo got one of when we were
making fun of him.
Where the other 499 went, we have no idea, but the good news is it's one of eight.
This is one of eight Xboxes being prepared with the whole customization specifically for
community websites as a Grand Theft Auto promotion.
All Games dot com has one, and OrangeLoungeRadio is coming together with a bunch of All Game
shows, including All Games Interactive, Dead Pixel Live, Bobby Black Wolf Show, Super Happy
Fun Time Show, Electric Sisterhood, Media Spective, Chatterbox Video Game Radio, Video
Game Outsiders, Ultimate Quest, Video Game Show, and Platformation, all coming together
to give away this Xbox 360 Elite.
If you want to win this, you can, because here's how it's going to work.
Each one of those affiliates I just named is going to send one finalist to the final
round, and here's how it works.
Every show is doing the same giveaway.
What's going to happen is that, okay, you know how Grand Theft Auto, one of the big
things in it is the radio stations that play, you know, Grand Theft Auto, huge on the soundtracks,
right?
You know, the last one had what, like a four-disc soundtrack, and they play all these songs.
Well, amidst the songs are fake DJs, and people tell me all the time I sound like that one
DJ in Grand Theft Auto, what the hell is his name?
Laszlo.
Yeah, Laszlo, okay.
Apparently, I sound like him.
I don't know if that's true or not.
I don't hear it, but I guess other people do.
So, you know how Grand Theft Auto has those DJs and stuff, they have little commercials
and fake DJ things.
We want you to be that, okay?
Here's how it works.
You are going to submit a sound clip, it can't be any longer than two minutes, and it has
to be in the style of a Grand Theft Auto 4 radio station commercial, okay?
It can be a spoof ad, a segment, it can be a little song and dance, whatever.
It has to somehow relate to Orange Lounge Radio, okay?
That's the only thing.
It can be one of our in-jokes, and if you don't know any in-jokes, go check the wiki.
It can just say our name in it somewhere, whatever.
It just has to somehow relate to Orange Lounge Radio.
We will pick our favorites, like maybe our top five favorites.
The community will vote on the winner, which will then go on to the final round at AllGames.com
to win one of these eight rare 360s.
That's like, what?
Two minutes worth of voiceover for possibly an Xbox 360 Elite, one of eight being made
in the world.
So there you have it.
So the contest starts tonight, and if you have an MP3 you would like to submit to us,
you can send that on in.
You can either send it to Mailbag at OrangeLoungeRadio.com, or we will set up a special page on our forums
where you can send those in.
We'll pick our favorites.
The community will then vote on the winner, and then what happens is that the winning
bumper goes to All Games Radio, and All Games Radio will choose the ultimate winner out
of those.
But hey, the good news is, just for winning from us, you get an All Games t-shirt and
a $25 gift certificate to Shop.AllGames.com.
They sell video games, so that's like half off a video game right there, so go for it.
Submission starts tonight.
You have to have these in by May 4th at midnight Pacific time, no late entries accepted.
I know many of you listen to several shows on AllGames.com.
You can submit multiple entries per multiple shows, but keep in mind you'll probably have
to do different bumpers because, you know, since we're making you have something related
to Orange Launch Radio, for example, Electric Sistahood would probably want something relating
to their show, and so on and so on.
We have the right to play your submission on our show, blah, blah, blah.
If one person should win multiple contests, a coin flip determines the winner.
Open to North American residents only.
I'm sorry.
US and Canada only.
It's an NTSC console, so we can't give it to Europe.
Those are the rules.
Sorry, Europe.
Yeah, and we can't really give it to anybody else because it's going to me.
Unfortunately, cast and crew of the participating affiliate shows are not eligible.
Sorry, Loki.
And last but not least, no copywritten materials permitted in the entry.
Parody is fine.
You can't use, like, if you want to play Welcome to the Jungle, you have to, like, sing it
yourself or something, or, you know, welcome to the radio or something.
I don't know.
You have to sing a makeup thing.
So there you have it.
ActDeft is asking, what about Mexico?
I will have to ask the official judges about that.
I think that counts as North America.
I think that's okay, but I will get the final ruling on that shortly.
Decisions of the judges are final, no bitching.
If you like the full list of rules, they are available on forums.allgames.com, and we'll
be posting them on our site soon.
So that's, like, what, like the $500 prize right there?
It's nice stuff.
There's prizes for second and third place, too, but if I told you that tonight, I'd have
nothing to tell you about next week when we plug the contest again.
So get working on it.
A two-minute commercial parody Orange Laundry, anything that would happen in one of those
little radio bits in the Grand Theft Auto game.
Be creative.
If you want, if you don't have a fancy recording studio set up in your place, you can also
leave it on our Skype line, 1-877-GAME-OLR, when we're not live.
You can call in and leave a bumper there.
So don't say you don't have many different ways to send this in.
It's all for you, Tali, anyways, because, like I said, and say it again, the console's
going to me.
Sorry.
Even though you're ineligible.
Even though I'm ineligible.
Hell, I'm not even entering, and it's going to me.
So that's just the way the cookie crumbles.
Good luck with that, Logie.
All right, let's get to some gaming news.
All right, so anyways, this week we're going to start things out with a story that's not
too surprising, since there was Marvel versus Capcom.
Sure, let's do Mortal Kombat versus DC Universe, and of course they had a little teaser video.
Actually, first there was an image that leaked out showing Sub-Zero staring down Batman,
and then they actually fully veiled it for Midway's Gamer Day, and they were showing
off a trailer featuring Sub-Zero fighting Batman.
And the game itself, it looks, okay, I don't know, not a huge Mortal Kombat fan, but flying
through the air while punching each other, falling, it's kind of hokey, but that's just
my opinion, you know, whatever.
It made me think of the more recent Dead or Alive games.
All I gotta say is, I hope they have villains in there as well, other than just, because
I think it'd be pretty badass if they had a cool version of Joker in there, okay, that
might be pretty cool.
It might also be in horrible taste, though, to play a fatality on the Joker.
Okay, shut up, okay, fucking Jack Nicklaus is still alive, who cares if, you know, Jack
Nicklaus was a golf player, you mean Jack Nicholson?
Nicholson, whatever.
Hey, you, little did you know, Jack Nicklaus was actually Joker at one time, and then Jack
Nicklaus was, it's just, all these things you don't know about movies, there, Rob.
Look, I said this on Bobby's show when we were doing our little tease before we went
live tonight, the thing is, is that obviously this game's not going to have fatalities because
it's going for a teen rating or whatever, right, but, you know, and people are like,
oh my god, I can't believe it, what's a Mortal Kombat game without fatalities, but like,
you know, it's kind of sacrilegious to be able to perform a fatality on Wonder Woman,
come on, or on Batman, I mean, you can't decapitate Batman, you just can't.
You can break Batman's back.
You can do a friendship on Batman all you want, in fact, that might be kind of funny.
You can break his back.
That would be hilarious, because that's what happened to him.
I think this should be mature, I mean, come on, stop twistying out, DC, seriously.
You could, somebody said in chat earlier, you could kill Superman, but he'd just come
back.
Yeah.
Because, I don't know, it's just sacrilegious, I don't know, don't ask me why, it's just
something about seeing your childhood hero get decapitated is all kinds of wrong.
Now, here's a question for you, Rob.
But friendships are okay.
Can you think of any game whatsoever that's had Superman in it that's been any good?
Superman on the Atari 2600 when I was five years old was the shit.
Okay, well, that doesn't count.
Why not?
You said name a Superman video game that was good.
Okay, I was thinking, I don't know, within this decade.
There was that Justice League game that was the...
That wasn't very good.
It was better than the straight Superman games.
All the Superman, all the games that Superman has ever touched, crap.
So I'm sorry, this isn't going to be very good, and it's Superman's fault.
He should have stayed dead like a good superhero.
Instead of a fatality, I'm thinking the game will have nudalities where the characters
are forced to don their own underoos.
I guess that wouldn't get a teen rating, though, would it?
I hope the Wonder Twins are in it.
Well...
Because they're great.
All I can say is this is going to come out and be yet another mediocre Mortal Kombat
game.
I...
Am I the only one that actually enjoys Mortal Kombat's combat system, and I like the game...
Like, I kind of liked how you could switch between the fighting styles and the weapons.
If it's in the...
I actually kind of enjoy the Mortal Kombat games, not just for the fatalities.
If I'm to be fair, though, I don't like Street Fighter either, so, you know.
I like the fact that, okay, personally I like the fact that everything was hand-drawn stuff
in Marvel vs. Capcom.
Hell, if they wanted to do a 2D fighter with the Mortal Kombat characters, all hand-drawn,
in, you know, not really Mortal Kombat style, but kind of ripping off, I don't know, SNK
or, you know, Capcom, that would be pretty badass.
You know, do it, do it, like, DC comic style.
That'd be pretty cool.
See, I think that they should do a Marvel vs. DC fighter, so that all the Marvel characters
would just beat up everybody in the DC universe.
Yeah, but how much money would that cost to get both those licenses to play together nicely?
But, as I said earlier, they've done it before.
There's been, they've worked together before for plenty of comics, you know.
Alright, let's read comments from chat room.
SSJ100Matt wants to point out, there was a good Superman arcade game.
Rama says, mind you, Mortal Kombat vs. DC idea has been around since Marvel vs. Capcom,
which is funny because I know it's been brought up on this show before.
I want to say this whole thing was in rumors state a couple months ago, and we joked about
it then.
Rama continues, and as much as I'm not too thrilled about not having fatalities, Mortal
Kombat vs. DC does not need it.
Yes, the fandom will be pissed off, but the DC fandom is bigger than the Mortal Kombat
fandom, and you want to keep the natives happy.
Here's what's going to happen.
This game is going to be, okay, this is in development right now.
It's scheduled out for the fall.
What movie's coming out this summer?
You know, The Dark Knight.
What movie's going to probably be out on DVD in the fall?
Here's where the whoring begins.
They're just going to put this out at the same time as the fucking Dark Knight movie,
and they're just going to try to sell some more copies on a mediocre game.
Pardon my ignorance, I don't follow comic books, but is Iron Man DC or Marvel?
Marvel.
Oh, never mind.
That's not related.
Because I was going to say there's the Iron Man movie coming out too, but I guess that's
a whole...
That's Marvel.
That's Marvel whoring.
Ah, that's why I asked.
And I'm getting the Iron Man game too.
Actually, that's Sega whoring Marvel characters, like that and the Incredible Hulk, both games
which look good, but I think are going to be mediocre.
You know, I think the last comic book I bought when I was maybe seven years old was Uncle
Scrooge and Huey, Dewey, and Louie.
I have comics right here.
And you know what?
What?
Best comic book game ever.
See?
DuckTales was a pretty awesome comic book game.
Comic book.
Comics.
Nice.
X-Men.
Is that what a comic looks like?
It's a graphic novel.
Nice.
It's the older one too.
That's what adults have to read nowadays, because you can't read comics.
You have to read graphic novels.
Hell no, I still buy comics.
I got to ask this.
Instapoll in chat, there is a greater comic book game than DuckTales.
Y or N. Meanwhile, we'll see what the Instapoll results are in a minute.
By the way, Tigerclaw wants to add this.
I don't think this is in our show role anywhere, but speaking of Mortal Kombat, I don't know
if you heard this, the actor who was Liu Kang in the Mortal Kombat movie, Robin Shu, he
is going to be Jen in the new Street Fighter movie.
So there's that crossover there for Mortal Kombat and Street Fighter that one of the
actors is going to be.
That's very loose, Rob.
I know.
A little bit.
And little does he realize what kind of crap he is walking into.
Do we not forget Raul Julia and what happened to him in the last Street Fighter movie?
He died after it was made, if I remember right.
Yeah, okay.
Yeah.
Do you really want to admit yourself to something that is associated with death?
I don't know.
All right.
Let's talk about something associated with eternal life, such as Soul Calibur, because
thinking about this game makes me warm and fuzzy.
And wasn't there like eternal life, soul lives on forever, whatever.
The soul still burns?
Well, the soul keeps burning on July 29th.
Soul Calibur is coming to Xbox Live Arcade.
I'm sorry, not on that day.
Something else will come out that day.
On Xbox Live Arcade though, sometime this summer, Soul Calibur is going to be coming
out.
It's going to be old school, because it's the Dreamcast version that's actually coming
to Xbox Live Arcade, not the arcade version of Soul Calibur.
It better have the Japanese voices in it.
That would be kind of cool.
Because my man was maxi.
It will have arcade training and survival modes in it.
And that was revealed at Namco's Gamers' Day.
It is not the arcade version.
It is the Dreamcast version.
Now the question is, will it have to squeeze into that 150 megabyte limit or not?
So that's going to be pretty rad.
Especially if they're up the graphics to HD and all that other good stuff they usually
do.
That's going to be pretty rad, don't you think, Jamie?
I think that would be fairly pretty.
Soul Calibur is also, remember, they gave us rod caliber.
That's the next question.
Will we be able to use other interesting control devices on the Xbox 360?
There isn't a fishing rod controller for that.
No, but there's the scenic controller.
That would be cool.
We should have a contest.
There's also the rock band drums, guitar caliber.
We want guitar caliber, okay.
Dude, I played Soul Calibur with my DDR pads because my first DDR I owned was the Dreamcast
DDR.
And the only analog button on there was the Konami logo to put it into SSR.
And the question being asked in our chat room by none other than Bobby Black Wolf.
In other words, will it blend?
That's a very good question.
Will it blend?
Awesome.
Here's the results of our quick poll and then we'll get to more Soul Calibur news courtesy
of Jamie.
Quick poll was, is there a comic book game better than DuckTales?
Here are the results.
N, N, N, N, N, N, N, N, Y, X-Men Mutant Apocalypse.
It's all about maximum carnage, I missed that one.
Y, Superman 64, X-Men Arcade is a close second, N, Y, Marvel Superheroes versus Street Fighters,
N, N, DuckTales freaking rocked, Y, X-Men Arcade.
The X-Men Arcade game was really, really good.
Looks like majority do believe DuckTales is the greatest comic book game ever made though.
That's kind of surprising.
But I can't count DuckTales as a comic book game because the show was out, there wasn't
a DuckTales comic book until I think what, six months after the show had already been
out for a while.
So technically it was based off of, so that question's actually invalid.
So our entire poll was a crock of shit.
The entire poll wasn't just a crock of shit, it was a crock of compost.
Well then why don't you take us back to reality Ms. Summers.
Okay but I prefer unreality so how about more Soul Calibur news.
Soul Calibur 4, you know what, I have hopes for this just because I didn't play the last
one because it was, anyway.
So Soul Calibur 4 is going to be out on July 29th and there will be a regular and a premium
edition.
What you talk about Jamie, Soul Calibur 3 was awesome.
Here you could make, was it the Pope or was it the Pope character they made or was that
in the moral combat?
The Pope was in Soul Calibur 3.
The pantsless Pope.
I had a lot of friends actually make custom characters for that.
That was the only thing I wanted and I don't know if this one's going to have any customize.
The special edition I think was going to have some sort of thing for that.
Well anyway you're going to get your choices of different characters like Darth Vader and
Yoda and a bunch of other people and no spawn.
That's okay though.
But it's of course different versions are going to have different characters like PlayStation
3 will have Darth Vader, Xbox 360 will have Yoda, but there are, but like you were saying
the premium edition is going to have the extra customization content and a tournament kit
and that will retail for $79.99.
Okay Quandary, I'm getting my stimulus check like we all are hopefully pretty soon right
and I'm thinking $600 perfect amount to finally take the splurge and buy my damn PlayStation
3 right because you know there's going to be all this crap around Christmas time I'm
going to want including home right.
So here's the thing is that here's where I'm stuck is that I don't know whether to get
Soul Calibur 3 for the PlayStation 3 or Xbox because I do think Vader is cooler than Yoda
so I kind of want the PlayStation 3 version based on that alone but I know on Xbox Live
the online is going to have to be better on Xbox Live.
Well yeah.
And there's going to be more people and there's achievements and so on.
So what do I do?
I know you guys are both buy in your console ownings.
What do you think?
Xbox 360 or PlayStation 3?
I'm going to put the same question to Chad as another mini quick poll.
Only for those of you guys that own both systems which one are you getting Soul Calibur 3 on
and why if you're buying it or Soul Calibur 4 what the hell Soul Calibur 4 and why?
I'm thinking that we'll probably go with the Xbox 360 edition just because Yoda is comical
fighting but again it's like you said there's going to be more content out plus I also think
that the Xbox 360 controller is just a little more comfortable for a fighting game.
That's just me.
Loki?
I would just I wouldn't buy a system for that game.
I'm not going to buy the system for the game I want the system for other stuff too but
I'm just saying you know if I'm going to have the system anyway.
I wouldn't buy the system until home comes out trust me I mean because who knows I mean
seriously this summer you know they may be trying to drive sales they may drop the price
again.
Okay okay okay let me confess I'm eyeing the whole gray metal MGS4 bundle.
Alright good luck finding that.
I would say you know just I guess I could be sort of biased towards the 360 but only
because you should really look at the game more than just one character and I know that
Darth Vader is cool and all but if you want to play Darth Vader kicking ass just buy Force
Unleashed when that comes out but I don't know.
Really how much did you well I guess Soul Calibur 2 I mean Link was pretty popular and
stuff like that.
Yeah exactly like you had to have Soul Calibur 2 on the GameCube because of Link hands down
hands down.
Anyway let's see we had all we actually have all of those all right let's let's let's look
at the chat room what they thought J-Rod says PlayStation 3 equals Vader Vader greater than
all Black Wolf says I'm getting the PlayStation 3 yes I have both because of Vader J-Rod says
the only way to get more people on PlayStation Network is to buy the PlayStation 3 J-Rod
says Soul Calibur 4 is PlayStation 3 for me let's see hit stun says you have to have Yoda
versus Vader Quel Tipo says 360 fuck Vader Semeraw1215 says the PlayStation 3 version
is better for Vader and the control is much better for Soul Calibur J-Rod answered the
question like five times it's throwing me off footy monster said if I get it I'm gonna
go 360 because that's what I own plus Yoda greater than Vader yes I said it bitches and
RawsteelUT says stop hating the PlayStation 3 Loki I don't hate the PlayStation 3 it's
just once again they've got the achievement system built in already I have more friends
that are on you know the 360 you know I'll be getting you know exclusive games for the
you know PS3 when those come out just right now if there's a game coming out on both platforms
I'm gonna get it on the 360 um let's see and sj100 Matt says Rob here's what you do rent
the 360 version and see if you even like it I know I'm gonna like it the Soul Calibur
is like one of the few like hardcore fighting games I really really like who's to say I
know I'm gonna like it Bobby said before who's to say that they could possibly you know add
these as download content later on for the other systems you never know so you know that
could be all for not and of course why would they pass up the opportunity to you know whore
out themselves a little bit and you know sell the characters for an extra five bucks on
top of the game I mean I could see them doing that especially now that we have download
content available time will tell time was I would see them not so much the Vader Yoda
thing but maybe bringing back classic Soul Calibur characters who maybe don't make the
cut for Soul Calibur 4 or always were intended to be downloadables or something this should
be a special mode we'll see or what do you want to bet if this custom creator thing is
in it that's where your download content is going to be download new pants but the special
mode should be the kill Voldo mode again and again and again oh yes again replace the punching
bag mode with just Voldo yeah all right we'll see all right let's move on new game one thing
you may be able to download content on for Soul Calibur 4 would be the brand new PlayStation
store that's right this week after a brief bit of downtime they have finally brought
back the PlayStation store with its new features and stuff it's a lot easier to browse and
then finally kind of caught up on all the content that you know 360 owners have had
for a while including still live for Rock Band and all that stuff so definitely worth
checking out also coming along with that is the brand new firmware 2.30 and that's live
as well and I don't know it's supposed to be enhancing I was a DTS HD and master high
resolution audio so oh it looks a lot better I didn't really care for the old PlayStation
store too much I still wish that the those prepaid cards are out there because that'd
be pretty nice I could buy some a store credit instead of having actually the pony up real
money for you know PlayStation money so you have yet to buy anything from the new store
ah not yet from the new store be honest I haven't plugged in my PlayStation 3 in quite
a while what you're not helping to cure cancer even fuck cancer well one thing that I'm
just kind of surprised you haven't jumped out and downloaded although then again it
is kind of expensive Gran Turismo 5 prologue it is now on the PSN store it's 1.9 gigabytes
to download it 40 bucks if you want to download this by the full game at least you get a case
with it and if you stop playing it later on you can sell it for you know money the weird
thing is is that the intro video and the ending videos don't come with the game when you download
it but you can download them later to view which is kind of strange you can only get
the ending video of course after you've beaten Gran Turismo there's a whole documentary as
well beyond the apex which is apparently only on the blu-ray version of the game so I guess
you if you want a documentary you have that as well but seriously though that that's the
only thing I could see why would they I know why they offered you know these games available
to download but if they're offering a disc version of it I don't understand why people
don't buy the disc version of the game since you know that's the thing you may get tired
playing this game later on or say for example you want to sell it off before you know Gran
Turismo 5 comes out why can't you can't do that with the download version you have to
I can think it I think it may be two reasons one convenience especially for those that
may live in the middle of nowhere where it's harder to get to a store your only option
is like Walmart right to no sales tax in some places I don't know if because like I know
on Nintendo if you live in California you know you charge sales tax on we point same
thing with Xbox so I don't think on PlayStation which uses real money I don't think you get
charged sales tax which is kind of great so you save a few bucks there but just saying
I'm just saying though wouldn't you rather have a case and all that stuff for I don't
know I just like if a game came out on the Xbox Live Arcade and I had a choice of downloading
there or buying it in a store I'd buy it in a store that's just me I guess what about
the PopCap game well I guess those didn't come out till way later yeah they didn't come
out until way later and I mean I don't know RossDielUT is pointing out in chat Rob the
middle of nowhere isn't going to have broadband I guess that's kind of true well yes and no
I think broadband is really spreading out more and more especially as a satellite in
some form starting to support like a broadband-esque type of connection and really really middle
of nowhere there's always going to be a Walmart around they pop up like I guess it's Starbucks
all right maybe a bad excuse but I don't know just trying to think obviously somebody's
buying it or they wouldn't be putting it out there true well see here I like what they
did with Warhawk where they well originally they had it where you can buy the version
you know in stores and it came with a Bluetooth headset and that was how they kind of you
know you can do this and get all this extra stuff or if you don't want to buy that you
can just download the version of the game then later on they came out with the version
that's just the game only but I don't know it's still I would rather buy it on disk I
guess all right you used to mention you and the husband got this game this week right
grant that he wants a grand theft auto Gran Turismo yeah Dan was playing quite a bit of
it he had his cousin over playing it I didn't really watch it because you know me I don't
really give a crap was it pretty I said I didn't watch any of it I didn't give a crap
I thought maybe at least glanced at it once or twice I looked a little bit it was pretty
all right see that's what I was looking for but did you guys actually go get the box version
or did you download it I think that Dan bought it yeah he pranks the discount anyway because
the whole game store connection thing yeah probably yeah make sense but he was pretty
happy about it I mean he was like I was like so why do you and I straight out asked him
was like why did you want to pay money for glorify demo and he's like well honestly I
look at this as more of a part a you know sort of thing you know that the game comes
out this is almost a full game as it is it has a lot of content already he said you know
this is really makes me want the full version more when it comes out and I don't mind having
this to tide me over I was like well put that way I do sort of understand especially he's
so excited about everything that was there so far but he was so mad he tried to go buy
himself a Lancer Evo right off the bat and was seven thousand short don't I was like
haha but I mean your man's really into racing games this is seems like every time I go over
there there's something there's burnout or there's something you know there's a lot of
times I see racing games on the TV so yeah all right anyhow sorry I just thought I'd
ask because I know you're talking about that before the show but why don't we go into some
other gaming news well we do have other gaming news and this is about the PSP apparently
the PSP is still hot shit in Japan I don't know why but it is right now in order of systems
sold number six is the Xbox 360 PlayStation 2 is after that PlayStation 3 is after that
we is after that by quite a bit let me actually just go back and give the give the numbers
so Xbox 360 is at 1147 PlayStation 2 is 6834 PlayStation 3 is 8232 we is 46296 the DS 47158
and PSP at 85,721 if that's going to put it into perspective as far as what was sold in
the past week so just PSP is really got it now and actually I was looking through a couple
of back issues of Famitsu when I was at Kinokuniya and there were plenty of PSP ads just in terms
of ads there were just more and you know there's actually a couple of full just PSP only magazines
so I thought that was kind of interesting Loki any thoughts on why the PSP is really
taking off in Japan all of a sudden Monster Hunter I don't know they like the Monster
Hunter maybe Monster Hunter on PS3 that'd be pretty awesome could be okay for one game
I don't know if it's gonna be big in Japan but it's gonna be big everywhere else Grand
Theft Auto 4 it's gone gold and is apparently on the way to retail stores for you know one
lucky person at Target or Walmart to break street and probably have it out there early
like they do every time so keep your eyes out it'll be available soon also for everybody
you know on the 29th give me one of the greatest games this year that's for sure no fanboy
no siree no not over there not at all hey I just know a great game when I see it not
by so are you excited that it's gone gold this means like no more delays it's really
gonna happen what's coming what it is only like a week away right yeah what's the date
April 29th see the thing is though is I'm are you gonna make it to the show that week
yeah well there's a few reasons I'm going to Vegas that week actually oh wow to go train
you know now going to go train a certain large shoe company on how to sell games so we a
large shoe company yes and how to sell games yes interest okay a certain website begins
with Z okay wow apples no but hold back so yeah I get to go to Vegas I was actually thinking
about bringing my 360 with me to play you know during cuz I'm going for a day we're
actually training them on like different kind of giving them like the games 101 type shit
I'm sure they're I'm sure we have I know we have listeners in Vegas I'm sure there's some
out there would be like Loki come over we'll play I'll buy pizza and beer come on but here's
the thing my my boss reminded me he's all you know there's gonna be 360 is there so
you can just bring grant the thought or with you I'm like I know but I want to bring it
I don't know if I should bring it on the plane here to be in freaking Las Vegas and you want
to play a video game I'm like I'd be going out gambling going to shows screw video games
I don't have that I'm getting there late on Wednesday in the next day is a training thing
and then the day after that I'm leaving come back on Friday so and Gerardo mo and chat
says an unnamed website presents buying shoes online the game imagine buying shoes anyway
oh my god shoes this game rules this game sucks your controllers kind of big I don't
think we have anything in your size let's see moving on another series that people are
pretty into who likes their survival horror me do you like the game siren okay maybe not
well like it or not siren is getting a new translation that's what they call it it's
from from you to magazine it's siren new translation it's a PlayStation 3 remake actually that
might you know your magazine yeah I think it was it might actually be in there well
apparently you know if you forgot what the original game was all about it was these souls
were trying to get out of a Japanese village and they can only see through the eyes of
nearby creatures that's how it works July 24th is the day it's supposed to come out
but the demo is supposed to be out very very soon in Japan so if you were a fan of siren
and to which J rod and chat says siren is absolutely terrible avoided at all costs and
they also have a big likes well siren in the game that sounds just like the one from sound
hills well I don't want to say rip off because the game I think was out before so well tippo
says hooray for siren when nothing you do makes much sense you just have to do it anyway
what if they go back and fix all the problems that make the graphics even prettier would
that make this game worth owning I don't know hey you know nothing's gonna hurt having another
you know survivor horror game out there there really isn't that many yeah but then you just
have to keep reminding yourself Silent Hill 5 this year Silent Hill 5 this year well you
hope it's this year I hope it better be especially after seeing the little preview clips for
it I'm so freaking excited it's boneriffic I don't know if I'd go that far I couldn't
find the article that's all right how about some different gaming news then how about
some rock band all righty I'll take it well harmonix is gonna have up a downloadable album
for a rock band is gonna be available next week and it's called I'm screaming for vengeance
by Judas Priest and it has 10 tracks that will cost $15 and it's both for ps3 and Xbox
360 and each of the songs will be $2 apiece and then there's going to be a later on coming
in May there'll be an album by the cars and then do little by the Pixies the Pixies are
cool so it looks like they're just still working on trying to get those out I think that's
a kind of a neat idea and they said that though that they were supposed to have The Who have
a first downloadable album but they said that that's going to be later on it's very interesting
that they're going this download album route especially in the day and age where you know
I don't know this is probably a bit of a controversial statement but where music seems to be getting
away from the albums I mean sad but true we live in this iTunes world now where it's very
easy to buy the one song that you like and a lot of people don't ever take the time to
listen to the entire album so I find it kind of interesting the rock band is kind of going
this route where they're standing behind the albums in a way you know but I mean maybe
that's why you know when I read the news I was kind of surprised to see that they were
going for what really seems like the classics like it seems like they're going for the classics
more than anything right so that was kind of surprising but I guess when you think about
well in the classics that's when the albums were really albums maybe it's not so surprising
I don't know well you know and I also think that it's sad that we really don't have albums
as a big format anymore just because from an artistic point of view keep in mind what
all went into making an album you know with your cover and everything and you had all
the publishing I think that that actually is sort of a neat thing as far as its nostalgic
value you know what I mean I'm looking at chat comments hitstunz in chat that orange
on twitter.com says when I download stuff I get the whole album J rod says rock band
needs more modern metal act F says I'm an iTunes boy living in an iTunes world Sephiroth
1215 says I'm waiting for never mind to come out I'll get the whole album for that we'll
see that would be classic classic rock especially for this generation you know that early 90s
stuff is really the defining classic rock it's kind of interesting it's interesting
it's interesting I know I know we're getting old we ain't getting any younger but hey while
we age we have a lot of new games and things coming out around the world look forward to
so let's do some release dates yes this week actually there's gonna be something pretty
cool well about a week from now there will be something pretty cool because it's gonna
be coming out on Sunday Mario Kart Wii finally coming out in the US so you can take a look
at that very good game let's see other things coming out other than Mario Kart Wii there
is a game actually also on the Wii little known heavenly guardian it's a pretty cheap
game and it's kind of like a side scroll or shooter game so that's kind of cool there's
also NBA ballers chosen one which is coming out this week on PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360
kind of a one-on-one two-on-two basketball game let's see there's also this week River
King Mystic Valley and that's like a fishing game fishing RPG I guess it's the what Harvest
Moon is to farming this is the fishing Battle of the Bands coming out on the Wii that's
that music game that doesn't require instruments but you have different mashups of music genres
in there this is kind of cool Wild Earth African Safari that's right it's the Pokemon snap
type of game that's for the Wii it's the Africa before Africa new game that's coming hell
ever happened to Africa are we gonna see that this Christmas maybe finally maybe this week
oh I gotta get this on the DS the world ends with you that apparently pretty awesome Square
Enix role-playing game so definitely worth checking out totally sounds like a James Bond
movie I think that I think that came up on last week's show we were talking about the
world ends with you James Bond like a bonus totally sounds like a bar this game you may
want to skip target terror and by Konami apparently one of the ugliest games for the Wii this
is a game that came out of the arcade circa 1990s with wonderful mocap technology kind
of think like area 51 and maximum force type things I don't know a chameleon on PSP another
little puzzle game this one's also pretty big Shin Megami tensei persona 3 FES this
week on PlayStation 2 gonna be huge dream pinball 3d on the DS this week we've got lineage
to the fourth anniversary edition on PC finally for PlayStation 3 Call of Duty for the game
of the Year editions coming out and let's see here and I believe that's actually it
yep that is it Jonathan F and Chad just said something I've been wondering about for the
longest time Phantasy Star Universe ambition of the illuminous max attack G begins I guess
this week play the old PSO stages in PSU that's the whole reason I downloaded ambition of
the illuminous not realizing they weren't there yet so god I hope I hope you can do
that low level I don't have to level like a hundred to play but I will if I have to
I miss caves that much who doesn't miss caves those damn little plants that kept paralyzing
you all the time anyhow traveling to Japan and looking at some of the releases over there
if you're a war fan hey Xbox 360 is where it's at this week on April 24th frontlines
fuel of war and Tom Clancy's Rainbow Six Vegas to both come out in Japan so if you like those
war shooting tech games you might have fun with that in PlayStation 3 Senjo no Valkria
comes out as well from Sega this week in Japan as well as another version of Rainbow Six
Vegas except that's just a price reduction on the PlayStation 3 trying to figure out
what this Valkyrie game is here it's it's actually a game that we're getting over here
in the fall it's a turn-based RPG it combines strategy with action and you proceed in the
game like it's a history book no it's not Valkyrie profile is it's from Sega so kind
of interesting you read text get involved with battle parts and depending on the option
you've chosen the battles you've thought or the battles you fought the game rewards you
with more chapters in the book so it's like you make history sounds kind of interesting
well coming out on other systems going over to the Nintendo we coming out this week the
white GameCube controller we talked about last week also coming out osuji sentai clean
keeper and actually know that is a game not just some type of you know peripheral yes
not like does cap for you it is an actual game and I'm not sure what the hell goes on
here but I noticed some anime girls here oh wait there's a description for this one cleaning
duties have never been more fun it's oh it's a dating sim it takes Japanese historical
mythical characters into high school students and you do battle against the demon queen
of pollution like a weird captain planet thing wait hold on the ferry and mentions that there
is a queen of pollution in school seeking to bring the school down by dirtying it and
the only way to stop her is to form the clean keeper squad by rescuing all the cleaning
fairies that's why the girls who can see and bond with these fairies this game I think
you have bad I think you have to capture like girls and clean them osuji sentai clean keeper
that only cost you 65 bucks to import if you are from you know I know I do have a mod chip
on there might be folks considering that a whole shitload of stuff on the playstation
to this week a lot of it is a price reduction but there are some new things coming out as
well h2o comes out edul bloom comes out as well prism arc awake also comes out and lots
of other games get price reductions for yaki everybody's golf for and rim runners price
reduction I swear to god that's the name of a game rim roamer rim rim we're so mature
nintendo ds days of memories to ako dip on ikisama horyuki some other games get price
reductions such as a couple phoenix rice game phoenix right games like ace attorney trials
and tribulations uh otherwise as far as new games go there's also some english games coming
out puzzle mate as well summon knight this is a big week for ds yata man ds bikuri dorky
dokiri daisuke sen de koron that's the part of the charm of this segment is getting to
hear me butcher such japanese names uh how about psp let's see real quick if there's
anything on psp to match the amount of stuff coming out on ds this week actually there
is quite a bit this week a lot of its movies like i am legend you can finally pick up snk
arcade classics volume one makes its way to asia how about uh vampire chronicle gets a
price reduction there you have it that's release dates for japan let's move over to europe
we have some very interesting things uh this week well minorly interesting things this
week i should actually say um nba ballers chosen one on the 25th for xbox 360 nitro
bike on ps2 turac pdc world championship darts 2008 sing star summer party uh we fit that's
good and grand theft auto 4 on the 29th that's it much slower week in europe than japan yeah
so japan had like nothing last week they waited for this week for everything for who knows
what reason all right back to some more gaming news uh some other things actually coming
out this week on virtual console this week's two releases uh the first one being on the
nes the one and only river city ransom finally making its way out um barf on the genesis
uh we get a cool rpg fancy star three generations of doom and that's it all right pretty cool
um hey the rock band on the wii you know one of the big things is downloadable content
of course on the xbox 360 and the playstation 3 uh well unfortunately the wii doesn't have
the same setup so you might remember when it was announced uh that rock band was coming
to the wii they were going to have five bonus songs that the xbox 360 and the playstation
3 didn't have on the disc but they do have as downloadable content as we found out this
week the five bonus songs on the wii are just download songs from the other systems dirty
Little Secret by the All-American Rejects, Don't Look Back in Anger by Oasis, Rome by
the B-52s, Rockaway Beach by the Ramones, and You Don't Have to Turn Out the Red Light
for Roxanne by the Police.
Good songs!
I actually own two of those five as download songs, and I don't even own that many songs,
but a little bit disappointing to some that they are just simply download songs from the
other systems.
But they will be right there on the Wii disc to offset the fact that you won't be able
to download anything else for now, for a while.
Well, we've got a whole bunch of downloadable content for the week.
For Xbox Live Arcade, Rocky and Blinkle for 800 points, Battlezone for 400 points, Demozone,
Xbox Live Marketplace, Universal War, Earth Assault, and Condemned 2.
That's not for Germany.
Game content, Samurai Warriors 2, Extreme Legends expansion is 2,400 Microsoft points,
Halo 3 Legendary Map Pack, and a theme that goes with it, 800 points, and Kane & Lynch
the Dope Bag for free.
That's actually in the UK, sorry.
For US, we have a lot of stuff for Karaoke Revolution Presents American Idol, Rock Band
Saints of Los Angeles by Motley Crue, Call Me by Blondie, Simple Man by Lynyrd Skynyrd,
Message in a Bottle by Police.
We have a classic rock pack that has Call Me, Simple Man, and Message in a Bottle, and
a video for No Country for Old Men.
For the Playstation Store, again, this is in the UK, Sega Superstars Tennis.
For content, there's Warhawk Broken Mirror Pack, Super Stardust HD Solo Add-On, Guitar
Hero 3 Dropkick Murphy Song Pack, which is free, Lair Deadly Dragons Pack for free, Metal
Gear Online Beta Client for free.
For the US, there's Gran Turismo 5 Prologue, which is 40 bucks.
We have UEFA Euro 2008 as a demo.
And then we also have the Warhawk Broken Mirror Pack, Booster Combo Broken Mirror, Omega Dawn,
Super Stardust HD Solo Add-On, Lair Deadly Dragons Pack, Rock Band Download Still Alive,
Sprode by Freezepop, Shake by Count Zero, Rock Rebellion by Bang Kamuro, the Harmonics
Pack, which is Sprode, Shake, and Rock Rebellion, Call Me, Simple Man, Message in a Bottle,
and the classic rock pack.
For virtual console in the UK, they got Fantasy Star 3 Generations of Doom, which is a Mega
Drive game for 800 Wii points.
In US and Canada, we got Fantasy Zone for Master System, yay, and Mega Turrican.
For PC, a demo of Kung Fu Panda came out, whatever Kung Fu Panda is.
Sounds pretty awesome.
I guess.
Kung Fu Panda, that's based on the Jack Black film, I think.
Oh, okay.
Steam brought out Rainbow Six Vegas 2, Trackmania United, which gives free access to Trackmania
United Forever, and Trackmania United Forever was also free.
Well, the Trackmania United was 40 bucks.
Metabolie Ultimate Collection, Juice 2, Hot Import Nights, Exo Cubes, Essential Collection
is Heroes of Might and Magic 5.
That'd be all R. Damn you, Jamie.
Well, now I have Message in a Bottle stuck in my head.
This is the best police song ever.
Message in a Bottle.
Message in a Bottle.
This is my favorite police song ever, ever, and the fair degrees too.
That was not Message in a Bottle, that was Gibberish.
That was Gibberish and a ferret.
All right, so we know that Mario Kart is already out now in Japan and Europe.
Now you would think, of course, Nintendo game, it's gonna be probably the top-selling game
ever.
Not really in its first week, actually.
In Japan, it didn't fare too well.
It ended up being number three, beaten out by Monster Hunter Portable 2nd G, and another
not really a game, but a UMD video, Boku Daki no Kaji-Tsu, and that actually translates
to Only My Fruit, and it's an erotic, like, hentai UMD video or game or something.
So that's kind of funny.
Erotic PSP game beats out Mario Kart Wii.
If only they had more jubilees in Mario Kart Wii, maybe.
Nintendo is sending out an SOS about right now.
Seriously, how to get beaten by porn.
I mean, is this like something that's really, really popular in Japan or something, this
series?
Yeah, Akihabara.
Huh.
Wait, but this is only, also, this is only one store's chart, right?
This isn't like the whole country's chart.
No, this is Akihabara.
All right, so maybe it's a little bit much to say that OMG, Mario Kart Wii gets its butt
kicked by porn in the entirety of Japan.
No, it's just one store.
And maybe this is the only store where you can buy this particular game.
Sort of like how here, you know, Walmarts and Targets don't carry certain games, right?
Yeah.
Maybe.
If they only carry more porn games, you know.
Who knows?
We'll see.
Well, speaking of Wii fun times in Japan, Resident Evil 0 has been given a date for
Japan.
Now, of course, this game was already on the GameCube, but, you know, Resident Evil 4 on
the Wii turned out pretty good, so hell, why not?
Let's port this over.
July 10th will be the day that this comes out.
4,190 yen will be the price.
Now, it's only announced for Japan right now, but, you know, if this sells over in Japan,
I don't see why they wouldn't bring this over here.
Like I said, Resident Evil 4 Wii didn't do too bad, so why the hell not?
Excuse me.
There you have it.
Well, there has been an ESRB game rating released because of blood and fantasy violence, and
it's set for something on the Nintendo DS.
Can we guess what that is?
Huh?
Castlevania Order of Ecclesia.
Hey, didn't we talk about this a couple weeks ago?
Yep, it is for the DS.
Who would've thought, kid?
Who would've thought that those secrets slip out and...
I like fantasy violence.
Sure enough.
It sounds kinda dirty.
Don't all the Castlevania games have fantasy violence?
Don't any game have fantasy violence?
Any good game has fantasy violence.
All games have fantasy violence.
But the best ones have real violence.
None of them have real violence.
It's all fantasy.
It's all you perceiving one character beating up another, but it's just fucking data.
You know what, though?
WhatTheyPlay.com Snap will have real violence.
But will it blend?
We hope.
I don't know if it'll blend, since it's an idea.
I don't think you can get ideas into a blender.
Just yet.
It'll be a new blender with mind control capabilities.
You never know.
I don't know if this'll blend.
It may blend on the Wii.
But apparently Namco has announced another, yes, there is actually another already, cheerleader
game for the Wii.
It's called Wii Cheer.
It features cartoony cheerleaders jumping around and stuff, and you apparently use the
game, each one of your pom-poms, I guess, in the game is actually a Wii remote.
So you use two Wii remotes and kind of think like a Wii version of yet another cheering
game, Oh and Done, or Elite Beat Agents.
It's kind of like that, is how you play the game.
I would be interested in this if they had just called it Bring It On, the game.
And it forces you to use spirit fingers.
Spirit fingers.
That movie was...
Was incredible.
I don't know.
That's the only way you're allowed to finish that sentence.
Don't get me wrong, this is like, I guess, a cool idea for girls, because the video,
the trailer showed girls playing this game.
Why's it gotta be an only a girl game, huh?
Well, because they showed little girls playing the game.
Do you want to play a game that little girls play?
Maybe.
I don't know.
This is kind of...
I don't think I could play this game.
I would feel dirty playing this game.
Okay I gotta look at some of this trailer.
Aw, little girls dancing and happy.
This makes horrible radio.
Oh yes, and they butcher the songs, by the way.
So they're probably going to be all horrible cover versions.
Create your own cheerleader, Jamie, custom mode.
Look at that.
You like that, don't you?
Alright I'll end the...
I'd probably make a cheerleader...
I'll end the torture for our chat.
...killer or something.
They look like they're all having fun.
That's what games are all about, right?
Because they're paid to look like they're having fun.
What was the game called again?
We cheer.
We cheer.
Just like we ski.
We cheer.
We starve ourselves to fit in the outfit.
They do kind of look like they have starved themselves.
They're children.
Be nice.
They're children on TV.
Then they'll have the, you know, We Need to Get to Dallas, the Debbie Does Dallas sequel
for the game.
Fireboma says, Sky's sold as soon as he hears that song.
It is a good song.
Who doesn't like that song?
Don't it feel good?
I actually am really annoyed by that song.
Well poop on you.
Sorry Debbie Downer.
Wah wah.
Hey Rob.
What?
Rob.
Rob.
Rob.
Rob.
Rob.
Rob.
Rob.
Rob.
Rob.
Channel Z says they show a boy playing at the end of the We Cheer video.
Boys can be cheerleaders.
Why not?
Smart boys are cheerleaders.
You know why?
Why?
Because they get to put their hands up the girls' skirts all day long.
Alright.
Touche.
Huh?
How can you respond to that?
You can't.
Exactly.
Alright.
If you saw Bring It On, you'd know this.
There was the gay cheerleader who was, you know, cheerleading because he was gay.
And then there was the cheerleader who was, you know, just there to hit on all the women.
Yeah, that's the thing.
He can hit on all the women, but he ain't gonna get any of them.
Alright.
Let's look at another game here.
It's Okami on the Wii.
And the funny thing about Okami on the Wii is that, well, the box art is kind of screwy.
And when I say screwy, I mean stolen.
That's right.
If you look very carefully at the Okami box art, apparently you can zoom in on a portion
of it.
It's not far from the dog's mouth there, the wolf or whatever you want to call it.
If you zoom in on that, you can see very faintly a watermark that says IGN.
In other words, Capcom lifted the IGN art from the website or whatever to make the Wii
box art for Okami.
Isn't that funny?
They stole their own artwork from a website.
I think that's really funny.
I don't know why.
And apparently it's legit.
You can go look at a box for this game and it's there.
I don't know if they'll be able to fix it at one point, at some point later, but apparently
the press releases that have gone out already have this on there.
People have confirmed it.
There you have it.
Frisbee in chat says, Capcom googled their own box art.
Apparently they did.
There you have it.
Someone's getting fired.
Someone totally got fired.
Ha, ha, ha.
All right.
We're about ready to take a break here and go from part A to part B, but first it just
would not be an Orange Ons Radio part A if we did not pay tribute to video game classics.
And we do that with a little segment here on the show called our classic video game
of the week.
Dark Sakura goes through her vast archives of video games and picks out one classic for
you all to pay respect to.
What's it going to be this week, Dark Sakura?
Strider.
Bitches better recognize.
And unfortunately the only copy of the first level that I could find was the Genesis version.
However, this was one of the first of their eight meg titles that they bought out.
Oh, you can't start it past where the music is.
Wait.
Don't you start at the very beginning?
Yeah.
Yeah.
Right there.
This is classic.
But this is the game that actually in Japan was called Strider Yu Yu and it gave us the
character from Ronald vs. Capcom, but basically it's a platformer and it's actually very
interesting because all of the in-between areas are basically the characters speaking
their native languages, but they're speaking them to each other and can apparently understand
everybody else.
I guess they have translators in the future like that, but you go through different levels
and the first one starts off, you have to fight this guy called Grandmaster Mayo and
you're going through different areas.
You start off in the Soviet Union, the next one is, I think the next level is in Siberia.
There you have the Amazon rainforest, you've got a big platform in space and actually this
is my favorite level to do because as you're going through that you are on the ground and
then gravity reverses and you're in other areas and then you have to fight this thing
that you move in a circle around.
But his weapon is called a cypher, which is like this swinging tonfa style blade, but
as you get power up he'll extend further and he'll get his little mechanical animal buddies
to help him out, like a falcon and a big saber tooth tiger and his little things that, okay,
I don't think they actually got names until Marvel vs Capcom came out, but the little
tiny things were called Ouroboros, but that was also one of the bosses in the game too.
Okay the stage in this was St. Petersburg, the Siberian wilderness, the aerial battleship,
Amazon, and the third moon, but it was just a really kind of an epic sort of game.
The thing about the in between areas is that, for example, after you fight, there's the
area where you fight three girls with the bosses and one of them is Pompou who was also
one of the helper characters in Marvel vs Capcom, but she speaks Chinese, produced Japanese,
the bounty hunter guy speaks English, I see they didn't do it on the on the Genesis one
for the arcade one, it had all the places.
It also, there were other versions that came out, like the one that we were listening to
was the the Genesis one, but it's been on the Amiga, the Amstrad CPC, Atari ST, Commodore
64, ZX Spectrum, and there's been a Master System version and a Sharp X68000 version.
There was one on, we actually have a burn of this, the version that was going to be
Super Graphics CD, we actually have a copy of the proto for it, but we don't have the
arcade card to play it with.
There's also, I will tell people that there is a Nintendo version, however, just to let
people know is that that was actually based off of the Strider comics that came out in
Japan and is not anything like, it's very interesting because when I, you know, I didn't
have a Genesis growing up, we only had a Nintendo, but I do remember Strider on the Nintendo
and I love that game, but it is completely different than this game.
This game is more of like a platformer, where as Strider on the NES was a bit more like
Adventure.
Yeah, it was a bit more Bionic Commando and that triangle jump made me want to kill people,
but I mean, it's so interesting that you have both games that were Strider yet, they were
so completely freaking different.
This is very interesting.
Well, part of the reason with this was they were actually going to leave out the, as far
as I'm aware, now this is coming from my husband and for anyone who kept up on older video
game sites, my husband used to run one called Neo Strider Strider Zone and I did all, I,
you know, fixed all of his graphics on it for him, but Dan is like full of Strider trivia,
but he's like, when they were first going to bring it out on Genesis slash Mega Drive,
that there wasn't enough memory to accommodate the full game, they were going to leave out
the Amazon level and ended up just creating their 8 meg cartridges to, to accommodate
the entire game.
And I have to say, it's pretty damn close to arcade perfect.
It's very, very good.
And for anyone who picked up the, this sequel, there actually was one called Strider Returns,
that was a journey from darkness Strider Returns, but it was really kind of shitty.
But we had Marvel versus Capcom, like I kept mentioning, and he was in, it was basically
all of his moves for the game, Hideo and Hien, who was in Strider 2, were in the Namco Capcom
game.
And there was also, the lead programmer of Strider left Capcom and created a game called
Osman, which was also called Canon Dancer, and a lot, it plays basically just like Strider
is a lot of the same type of game.
It did get a really good sequel called Strider 2, which was really freaking good, but that'll
be touched on at a later date.
So Strider 2 is different than Strider Returns?
Or are they the same?
Yeah, Strider Returns was more of a, it was just awful.
In fact, the story that it brought up was actually retconned because of Strider 2, the
real Strider 2 that came out.
And the one that came out was, I think, a worthy sequel.
Oh, that's the Amazon level, when you fight the girls that, this is someone doing a speedrun
of the game, they use the emulator cheats though, but it's a speedrun in seven and a
half minutes.
He's fighting the half naked Amazon ladies.
Hot.
All right, well there you have it, your classic game of the week Strider for the arcade and
the Genesis or Mega Drive, whatever region you happen to live in.
Check it out.
Especially, and I would suggest this too, even though technically the Strider NES version
was not the classic game of the week, I would suggest if you've only ever played one, try
the other and just see how radically different they are for a little bit.
They are, well actually if anyone does want to check out the older one, there was a Game
Boy Advance release called Capcom Classics Mini Mix that had the NES version of Strider,
Bionic Commando, and Mighty Final Fight, so that's also another way that people can check
it out.
All right, very cool.
And besides that, Mighty Final Fight is just fun too.
Yeah, it's kind of silly fun.
It's basically chibi final fight.
At least it had Guy in it, right?
It did, yeah.
That's why you need me.
That's why I have Final Fight Guy.
All right, we're going to go ahead and take a break here on Orange Laundry Radio, plenty
more to come in part B tonight.
We're going to talk about some more Grand Theft Auto news.
Can you believe it?
Lots of stuff.
Talking about Bionic Commando Rearmed a little bit as well, and somebody dared to say that
Wii games look like crap.
Who would have thought?
We'll talk all about that in part B right after a quick break.
Orange Lounge Radio is taped live on Sunday nights and is podcasted to the world twice
a week.
Stay tuned to our podcast feed for the conclusion of this week's Orange Lounge Radio.
