The opinions rendered herein are those of the guests, and not necessarily those of Douglas
O'Brien, the author of Orange Lounge Radio.
We are that podcast on the internet dedicated to video games, video gaming, gaming culture
and the gamer lifestyle.
My name is Rob Roberts.
Joining me, as always, say hello to the one and only Dark Sakura, Jamie Summers.
Hi.
How are you doing?
Hi.
Okay.
I'm doing okay.
Good.
Say hello, as well, to Tech Master Loki.
Hello.
How are you doing?
I'm doing okay.
All right.
I'm glad to hear you're okay and not crappy.
I'm not crappy.
All right.
Good.
We were going to have some guests tonight.
Actually, I invited... Well, it was very last minute.
I was out most of the week, as some of you have heard.
I'll get into that later, but I invited guests from the past, because tonight is the last
show on Live 365.
I invited a bunch of guests from the past to come tonight to say goodbye to Live 365,
and no one's here.
I don't want to say goodbye.
You know what I want to say?
What?
Fuck you.
Well, I sent the official cancellation notice today, so there's no turning back now.
It's a done deal.
They're bastards.
Oh, I know.
They shouldn't have upped the rates, but oh well.
It's done.
If you don't know the latest yet, go back and listen to last week's show.
Again, starting next week, April the 13th, we are now going to be on allgames.com.
For those of you guys that listen to the podcast, which is most of you listen to this in podcast
form only, not the live stream, you're really not going to have to change a damn thing,
because the podcast feed will stay the same.
The shows are going to go to the same place.
Not a lot's going to change for you, except some aesthetic things.
We might try some different sound qualities and so on, but nothing that's really going
to shake things up too much.
But for the live folks, this is a big deal, because we have some folks that have been
here every freaking night practically for the past five and a half years.
That's a lot.
So it's a big change for some people, like Dark Tetsuya I know is here, episode one.
He's still here tonight.
Drew is supposed to be in studio tonight.
I don't know why he's not here yet.
He might be just running late.
He was also here for episode one, so we have a lot of people that maybe weren't here for
episode one, but joined us somewhere along the way.
So it's a big change for our live listeners.
Anyhow, let's go ahead and start off tonight's show, as we always do with How Was Your Gaming
Week?
Dark Sakura, we'll start off with you.
How was your gaming week?
It was Ragnarokan, as usual, and we have started working on cleaning up the pinball machines,
because Dan's having a pinball party next Sunday.
That sounds like fun, a pinball party, huh?
We're having a bunch of people over at the house, it's like, everybody wants to meet
you.
It's like, well, too bad.
What exactly happens at a pinball party?
Pizza and pinball.
Oh, okay.
Sounds pretty good.
And then people talk about their collections and stuff, it's just like, look how pretty
my pinball tables are.
Are people actually going to bring pinball tables over?
No.
Okay, I was going to say, they're not very portable.
No, but we have plenty, I think.
Are you going to do...
Well, here's my question.
Are you going to have not just the pinball machines, but maybe, like, pinball FX on the
TV, on Xbox Live?
I don't know.
You know what you can do on Xbox Live?
Shit.
You can do shit.
I was going to suggest that he hook up the Nintendo and put in Pinbot.
Ah, there you go.
And maybe we can hook up the TurboGrafx and put in Devil's Crush.
Oh, okay, good idea.
And he picked up one of those classic collections, too, like the whatever super awesome of pinball.
And to Shadow Siler, I play on Essence RO, but you won't ever find me.
I haven't made the guild yet.
How about Sonic Spinball?
I could do that.
I've got Sonic Spinball.
Because that was a very strange pinball game.
It reminded me of that part of Casino Night where I'd get stuck and get pissed off.
So that's what that game always reminded me of.
Gotcha.
We always welcome our chatters.
They're here with us every week.
This last Live 365 show is no exception, and we'll still be in the same chat room next
week.
That's an important note.
Chat.orangelaungeradio.com.
At this time, we're not going to be switching to the all-games chat.
I don't know if we will in the future.
We're doing baby steps right now, so we're still going to have the Orange Launch chat
next week.
Chat.orangelaungeradio.com.
Comment from Shadow Siler says, DarkSakura, which server do you Ragnarok on?
That's what I answered when you said that I play on the Essence server.
I'm sorry.
I was on crack.
Canty says, How many pinball machines does DarkSakura have?
Okay.
Now, I have to think about which ones are actually mine, because we're holding some
for some people.
So the ones that we're holding is a Brite of Pinbot, an Indiana Jones that Dan is shopping
out.
We are holding a Back to the Future and a Black Knight, not Black Knight 2000.
I wish I had that one.
And then for ours, we have Star Trek The Next Generation.
We have No Fear, Twilight Zone, Simpsons Pinball Party, Creature from the Black Lagoon, and
my machine, World Cup Soccer 94.
Did I say Twilight Zone?
Yeah, we have Twilight Zone.
All right.
It seems like things have changed a lot since the last time even I was over there.
That's crazy.
All right.
So, Loki, how was your gaming week?
As he sits down, ready to go.
My gaming week was pretty brief.
I played pretty much just Saints Row this entire week, I think, yes.
But it's finished now, so that's good.
And well, I'm still not 100% in the game because I have to do all the damn activities and some
of them are fucking impossible, but as far as the story goes, I'm done.
I already knew what the ending was anyway, so I'm glad I'm done so I can start Saints
Row 2 when that comes out in Grand Theft Auto IV and all that fun stuff.
That's it.
Wow.
That's a relatively short week for you.
Well, I played a lot of Saints Row.
I mean, we played the death matches during lunch.
I had a funny moment where I was driving on the sky in Saints Row because the game is
a little glitchy sometimes.
So that was fun.
And well, that's about it.
I didn't play a lot this week, but I did have enough time to beat a game.
That's right.
I beat a game from start to finish, which I haven't done in quite a long time.
And the game that I beat was You Have to Burn the Rope.
I don't know if you've seen this game yet, but it's got hilarious music.
It's stupid but funny, you know, one of those stupid funny things.
So obviously, don't take that too seriously.
The game takes like a minute and a half to beat.
And then, let's see, besides that, really not a lot.
I played Mr. Driller for like 10 minutes.
The new one on Xbox Live Arcade.
I'm sorry.
Well, yeah, I was a little bit disappointed.
I wonder what version they ported because I was surprised to see, and maybe it's just
because of the mechanics of the game or whatever, but I was surprised to see that the playing
field was only a really small portion of the screen.
I don't know if maybe that's to support the multiplayer or what have you.
Did you get to play online?
Which is probably a lot more fun.
No, I'm completely basing my judgment off the demo.
Oh, good, because if you played online, you'd be like, this game is shit.
Why?
Did you play it online?
Well, the online is all broken.
It's completely broken.
If you're hosting the game, you have no problem, but other people that are playing with you,
they can't drill down.
They'll start drilling down and they'll pop back up, and they'll start drilling down and
they'll pop back up.
Nice.
There's so much lag in it, it actually goes in reverse sometimes.
So yeah, I didn't play a lot of games this week, but I have a valid excuse, so I'll talk
about this real quick because a lot of people have been asking.
The reason why Part B went up on Saturday this week, which is extremely late for Part
B to go up.
We tried to get it up on Wednesday, like Thursday at the absolute latest if I had something
going on.
I was in the hospital for three days this week, and it was mentioned on orangeontraday.com,
you probably saw that, and obviously I'm here, so I'm fine.
I don't know how much I've mentioned it on the live show, but I've been having abdominal
pains on and off for the past three weeks, and finally it kind of reached a head on Wednesday.
I got woken up by some horrendous chest pain, and it was like, like, alien is going to pop
out of my chest, you know, bad.
So I finally just went to the ER.
I was kind of getting the runaround from my doctors, you know, like, they had diagnosed
me with pancreatitis, but didn't seem to be doing much about it, and finally I had to
go to the hospital.
So, yeah, that's where I spent about three days, pretty much, because what I had was
acute pancreatitis, basically my pancreas is fucked up, and it was producing too much
of a certain chemical, and it makes it really painful to eat fatty foods.
It most commonly happens, funny enough, it most commonly happens in lushes.
You know, people who drink a lot, alcoholics, like 80% of the cases are alcoholics.
Now, while I enjoy the occasional beverage, and I talk about it here on this program,
I would say drinking one, maybe two drinks a week does not make me an alcoholic, so alcohol
didn't cause it, and being fat didn't cause it.
I thought that maybe the fact that I ate out a lot and all that stuff might have caused
me to go to the hospital, but that wasn't it either.
My triglycerides were too low for that to be the case, so that was not the case either.
So they don't know what caused it, and now the thing is, is that I don't want to be into
too much of a downer syndrome or whatever, but folks have been asking.
The weird thing is, is that they did like a CAT scan, they did an MRI and all this shit
on me in the hospital.
I have some type of cyst on my pancreas, apparently, and thank God it's not cancer, says the doctor,
because then I would have what Patrick Swayze has, and that's really not good, and I'm not
trying to make light of that situation.
It's never good to be compared to Patrick Swayze.
Well, no, I'm serious, because he only has so long left to live.
It's the same thing Michael Landon of Highway to Heaven died of years ago, is pancreatic
cancer.
Thank God it's not cancer, but still, it's kind of scary.
So I don't mean to bring the show down, but that's basically where I was all week, and
since folks have been asking, that's what's up.
I find the toughest part of all of it is, A, the fact that I didn't do anything to cause
it.
It's one of those cases where really they don't know what caused it.
They think it could be an allergy to the medication I took, although if that's the case, I will
be one of the first documented cases of that kind of allergy, like ever, to this antibiotic
I took.
They also say that stress is a cause.
I'm not that stressed out, though.
Things are pretty good in my life right now, all things considered.
Sure, the life 365 thing sucks, but it's not going to cause me to go into the hospital
bad.
You know what I mean?
So I don't know.
I don't know.
It's really bad.
My only thing is I'm always afraid it's going to come back, but I've lost a crazy amount
of weight.
In the past month, I've lost 21 pounds, to put it, and you probably notice if you're
on just a TV because my pants won't stay on.
It's kind of sexy.
No, I'm just kidding.
All right.
I'll stop being such a downer now.
That was my week and why I didn't have much of a gaming week.
I noticed that strolling in a little late to the program is Drew is finally here.
Yes, that's on.
It's very sensitive, though, so be careful with it.
He'll pick you up from a long way away.
Just leave it there then.
Maybe you can.
Just kind of tilt it towards you and talk into it.
Hey, guys.
Are you listening clearly, I hope?
Yeah.
All right.
Introduce yourself.
It's DrewNami, of course.
It's DrewNami.
Of course.
And you were here episode one, weren't you?
I was not here episode one.
I was listening to episode one.
But you were listening to episode one, and now you're here for the last show on Life
is Five.
Well, not the last, last show.
Yeah.
I remember episode one, I was listening from New York.
So how was your gaming week?
We're going to get that mic a little closer to you while you talk about your gaming week.
Yeah.
You move a little closer.
I don't know what happened to Irene, so we'll wait for her later.
Well, how was your gaming week?
Well, I've been on my WoW methadone.
I've been on Guild Wars for a while, got the new expansion for it.
It's pretty good.
I got in with a guild from Game Facts, a small little guild.
It's not WoW, but it's good enough.
What's so exciting about the most recent Guild Wars expansion?
They give you a whole bunch of new NPC heroes to put in your party if you're antisocial
and shit.
And you get a whole bunch of new missions, new skills, basically new everything, and
it all leads into Guild Wars 2.
Yeah, they're still saying you're really quiet.
Go ahead and just pick up the mic.
Just hold it away from your mouth.
Live radio, folks.
Come on, come on.
It happens.
All right.
Did you play on April 1st?
Yeah, did you play on April 1st, and everyone was a stick figure?
Yeah, I played on April 1st, and I think the reason why it wasn't picking me up was because
the mic was off.
Oh, how convenient.
That might have been the problem.
That's all right.
All right, but it's on now.
We're good.
So anything else you're giving me?
I've actually been participating in one of the X-Fire events for Grand Chase.
Apparently, there's still an open beta, and they want people to test it out, so they're
doing in-game contests and such.
It's pretty good.
It's kind of like Smash Brothers meets MapleStory, if you can even ponder that as possible.
Are you going to miss Live 365?
Yeah, I am going to miss Live 365, fourth and all.
What are you going to miss most about it?
Pretty much listening to 24-7 Station while playing WoW, but both of those are going to
be gone.
You're ditching WoW, too?
I stopped playing WoW back in October.
Oh, in favor of Guild Wars, or just...
In favor of having money.
Oh, and having a life.
I ran out of money.
Ah, I gotcha.
WoW is an expensive habit.
I'll probably join back up with a new expansion, but...
There are ways to play for free.
There are ways to play for free, but they all suck.
Hacksource servers.
No, I can't imagine they're fun at all.
Not that, but yeah, there are ways to pay for free.
Oh, latest 2600.
What?
You could steal prepaid cards from the store.
On the 2600.
Oh, you...
No.
I hate April Fools.
No, no, no.
You can move in a total of eight directions.
No, I meant in the latest magazine of the 2600.
Oh, 2600 magazine.
Oh, that 2600.
No, not the Atari 2600.
No, no, no, no.
Let's not even talk about 2600.
No.
No.
It's something that has to do with PayPal and crap, so whatever.
Interesting.
But you have to do it every time you play it, so that's annoying.
Alright.
I love, though, that you have the Horde symbol on your laptop.
That always makes me giddy.
I dug this up from some of my old stuff.
I never expected you to get a laptop.
I hope they can see that on Justin.TV, our little...
I'll skip.
Alright, awesome.
Alright.
Turn that mic off when we're not using it, because it makes a lot of clicky, clicky noises,
so...
I don't know.
What the hell?
That mic is on crack.
Alright, well, I think that's going to do it for everybody's gaming week, so let's talk
a little bit about housekeeping.
Really the only thing on deck is that there is the All Games move pending.
That's going to start on April the 13th.
Love this, by the way.
AllGames.com is rolling out the red carpet for us.
We love them.
They're being great.
There's actually a little countdown clock on AllGames.com that says, like, it counts
down the days and hours and minutes until OLR comes exclusively to their station.
It's going to be great.
So look for us there.
The plug will be pulled on live 365 on the 12th, probably around 8 or 9 o'clock at night.
I'm hoping that we're here to do it live, or at least I'll be here to sign on live,
say some final, final farewells, and then officially pull the plug for Dead Air.
So the plug will ceremonially be pulled on Saturday night.
That'll be fun.
Sorry, I...
What?
No.
It's almost like it's a person.
Yes, it's almost like it's a person.
I know.
Pulling the plug on.
We will be taking the horse out to the barn and shooting it on Saturday.
No, they will become glue.
I know we make fun of it here, and some of the, like, even some folks in chat were commenting
earlier like, boy, they sure sound like they're going to miss the 24-7 feed.
We are.
We're going to miss it.
But at the same time, you know what, it's kind of like one of the songs in the pre-show
tonight, which had a very tongue-in-cheek theme tonight if you were listening our little
pre-show music.
A change will do you good.
So this is going to be something new for us.
It's going to be fun.
So that's that.
Zappi says, will there be punch at the plug pulling?
Punch and pat.
Punch and pat.
But not alcoholic punch because I don't want to go back to the hospital with more pancreatitis.
Please nod that.
So we're excited, though, about allgames.com.
I still don't have the final word for you on Travis and DMN and all that, but if I had
a Magic 8-Ball and I shook it, it would say Outlook looks good.
They're probably going to come over a little later than us, but we'll be there on Sunday
the 13th.
Excited.
All right, enough housekeeping.
Let's get into gaming news that we can taunt to make fun of.
Loki.
Okay, so this is pretty awesome.
It's been rumored to be happening, but finally official now.
Sam and Max are coming to the Wii, and of course it's being brought to us in the U.S.
by Dreamcatcher and of course the adventure company, and in Europe, Joe Wood of course
is publishing it there.
Not really any word on what exactly it will include.
Probably a lot of the episodes that we saw on the PC.
Don't know if maybe it's a compilation of season one, maybe something like season two.
Who knows?
Maybe it's even like, no, it's not going to have download content on the Wii.
But I don't know, it's pretty awesome, though.
So glad to be able to play some Sam and Max since I don't use GameTap or want to buy software.
And so that's going to be going to WiiWare?
I think that's actually going to be going to the Wii.
Oh, so it's not WiiWare.
Because I remember there was a rumor a while back that it was going to go to WiiWare.
I guess they could do it that way, but I don't think they would.
I think it'd just be the first season or something like that.
Yeah, that would be exciting.
I mean, if they package all the games together into one because the games themselves are
only three to four hours long, but if they package the entire first season, which was
like eight episodes, I want to say, I don't remember off the top of my head.
Maybe they could do the first and second season or something like that.
That would be a great deal because that would be, you know, you'd probably have like at
least 15 episodes all together in one place.
I think that would be a pretty good deal.
And yeah, for those people that don't really game on the PC or have GameTap or any of that,
I think it'll be pretty good.
So we will see what happens.
Are you going to check out Sam and Max if it comes to the Wii Dark Soccer?
No.
No?
Why not?
I'm not interested in it.
Aw, sorry to hear that.
Drew Nami, are you a Sam and Max fan?
Uh, used to be, as of the original.
You remember, you have to talk into a mic, or else people can't hear you.
I thought I turned on and pointed at me.
That's alright.
Uh, I'm probably going to play it, if I don't have to buy it.
Gotcha so if you can borrow it from somebody or something, you'll play it.
Gotcha.
Uh, Black Wolf, who's a big Sam and Max fan in chat, says the first season is six episodes
and the second season is five episodes.
You know, the reason why I probably thought it was eight is because of the time I went
on the game tab to check it out.
Probably we had the six and then two from the second season, so I probably thought,
oh, there's eight of them.
Okay, six and five.
Still, that's not a bad deal for eleven episodes.
That's still pretty it's because it'll be a thirty, forty hour game, that's the size
of most games.
That'll be a good deal.
Uh, this is also going to be a good deal, would be a Super Smash Bros. Brawl sequel.
It's also kind of a duh, but at the same time, it would be interesting if a Brawl sequel
came to the Wii, because if you think about the previous Nintendo consoles, they only
had one Smash Bros. game apiece.
Nintendo 64 had that Smash Bros. game, which I want to say was originally developed for
the Super Nintendo, but was brought over to the 64 when the, you know, console life switched
up a little bit.
Uh, and then the GameCube had one, now the Wii has its one, so it'd be kind of weird
if there was a second one on the Wii.
I don't think Nintendo plans to move away from the Wii anytime soon, so it would be
kind of interesting if we got a sequel.
What is the basis for this?
Well, Nintendo is, in one of their latest surveys, they do these surveys all the time
on their website, they're asking a question about how likely would you be to buy a sequel
to Super Smash Bros. Brawl on a scale of one to seven?
One being I wouldn't buy it, seven being I'd buy it in a heartbeat.
I'm sure most people are saying, seven, seven, seven!
I don't know how many people wouldn't say seven, but it'll be interesting.
What else can they do with, uh, Smash Bros. Brawl?
I mean...
A DS version?
Ah, there you go.
I bet, I bet that's it.
I bet that's exactly what they're gonna do, I bet it'll be a DS version.
You think if there was a DS version it would be just a dumbed down, uh, same version you
kind of have on the Wii now, or do you think they'd, uh, actually take the time to make
something kind of new, maybe with some more DS-centric characters?
Well, keep in mind the DS is basically a handheld Nintendo 64.
I guess that's true.
So it'd probably be more like a throwback to the old Smash Bros.
True.
Of course they're gonna whore this out, you know, but I don't think it's gonna come any
time soon.
I think it'll be at least maybe a year or two off if they're gonna do something like
that.
Jaded in chat says, the PictoChat level where you can draw your own pics.
That might be kind of fun.
I bet the online, online seems to work a little better on the DS than it does on the Wii.
I bet online would work better.
Yeah, I guess.
The PictoChat level would be full of, like, cocks or something.
I'm just, I'm not too, I'm not too confident with, uh, Nintendo and their online.
Ross Steel UT says, I say we bring back the Virtual Boy with Smash Bros.
No!
Yes.
I do not want a migraine.
Or, unless it's a playable character, that'd be cool.
I would not mind the migraine.
They should do a Super Nintendo version of Smash Bros., that'd be cool.
Why?
It's gone!
The system's, like, dead and gone.
It's as dead as this station.
Bring it on to the, uh, DS.
Do it all 2D.
I would, I would believe that a Smash Bros. would come to DS.
Do a Smash Bros. game in, like, the Marvel vs. Capcom 2 engine or something like that.
Well, we'll see what happens.
Maybe the arcade Smash Bros., eh.
Maybe that'll be the thing, is they'll get third parties on board.
I don't know.
We'll see.
But, uh, regardless, I'm sure that this survey is a no-brainer.
It depends on who they're surveying.
If they surveyed us, I'm sure we'd all be saying, why even waste money on a friggin'
survey like that?
Well, I think it's one sequel, so for a really popular game, I have no idea.
In other news, water is indeed wet.
Oh, and Jamie, just think of the Virtual Boy possibilities, you can have the Teleroboxer
stage.
No.
No.
No.
No.
The migraines are not worth it.
My Virtual Boy is sealed in foam in a plastic case, never to be opened again.
I wanna play Virtual Boy.
I haven't played one in years, I was, like, 12.
I'll bring it next week.
I'll bring the Blockbuster one.
It'll be fun.
We have one of the ones that Blockbuster was selling, that's why we have the nice hard
case and everything.
Can we hook up Virtual Boy to Justin.tv somehow?
Have the headache cam?
It wouldn't be easy, but you could do it.
That might be fun.
Yes, I say, we should have some type of competition with the Virtual Boy, like, who can play the
longest without having a seizure?
Throwing up.
Or throwing up.
And Cheeseburger in chat asks the definitive question, if Chuck Norris was in Brawl, what
would be his final smash?
An overused joke.
Don't you know that that hand is actually Chuck Norris' hand?
Let's move on to the next story, please, before the Chuck Norris jokes.
God, you guys are chinging to me.
That's okay.
Well, you know, there is actually, for anybody who has been waiting, and I know lots of people
have for Mario Kart Wii, there's gonna be a really awesome launch ready for it at midnight
on the verge of the 26th to the 27th.
And guess where it's gonna be?
My pants.
No.
Sam's Club!
Cause no one knows how to get down like Sam's Club.
You can go to Sam's Club and it'll even have 15 Wii consoles on hand.
Will they have the ladies serving the samples of the little teeny weenies?
Dude, I would go just for that.
What they forget to mention is those 15 Wii consoles are being sold together in like a
giant family pack of Wiis.
No, it's the Wii plus like 50 controllers and shitty games and a box of Fruit Loops.
The Sam's Club actually realized that they're not a club and they're just a store.
And a two gallon container of mayonnaise.
Cause, you know, when you think video games, you think Sam's Club.
I bought the Vio at Sam's Club.
Here's my question.
It's all Sam's Clubs that are doing this or is it just a few?
It's not actually saying a few, it's just saying Sam's Club.
We should party down at Sam's Club.
Here's what I'm thinking.
If it is at every Sam's Club, we go to the Sam's Club out in freaking Roseville, okay?
Cause Roseville knows how to get down, okay?
There's like a lot of retired people out in Roseville.
Okay, what we'll do, we'll go there and we'll dress to the nine.
Like we'll dress in party hats and boas and you know, we have those hats.
We have those hats, the little Mario hats that Rama gave us some time ago.
We can wear our little hats, it'd be fun.
Count me in.
You know what?
If they're doing it, we gotta do that.
You know what?
What?
I'll just have my copy the day it comes out.
You don't want to go party at Sam's Club?
I'll go come home with Smash Brothers.
Dude, two gallons of mayonnaise, Jamie.
Rob.
What?
Rob.
Rob.
What?
Loki, are you down with the Sam's Club party?
Fuck that, I'll probably already have the game by the time the thing launches.
God, you people are no fun at all.
You don't go for the game.
I sit in line for a wee.
How can I get excited about Sam's Club?
That's the point.
That's the point.
We took our lawn chairs and sat in line for a wee.
We'll probably go there and be like, sorry, we're not doing the launch party and be like,
crap.
I will go and you know why, because I have nothing better to do.
Will anyone go party at Sam's Club with me?
Well if you don't want to go to Sam's Club to get Mario Kart, maybe you want to go to
Japan to get Trauma Center 2.
That's right, the game is actually being slated for the DS.
It's coming back.
I guess the second opinion wasn't really a sequel then, but Trauma Center 2 and I guess
the sequel has Dr. Stiles and Nurse Angie tackling the effects of the unanswered mysteries
of the guilt virus from the prequel.
See, the guilt virus is the guilt that you have from not buying the wee version.
That kind of surprises me that the latest one they had on the Nintendo Wii was not Trauma
Center 2.
I just kind of took it as Trauma Center 2.
Of course, there's going to be new characters and different tools and stuff like that.
But pretty much par for the course stuff.
Trauma Center is one of those games where I swear it's one of those blink and you miss
it kind of games, but to quote an epic story that once aired on the station and on the
nightly news here locally, it's so much fun.
Trauma Center is so much fun.
I like making them die.
I do too.
I love the whole bringing them back to life.
The Wii controls in that game are really cool because when you have to do the whole defibrillator
you have to push into the screen onto the body.
It's really funny.
I like Trauma Center.
I would think you of all people, Loki, Trauma Center would be one of your favorites.
No, I liked it better when it was called Life and Death and came out early PCs back when
they had Windows 3.1.
Life or death was hardcore and everybody and the only surgeries you'd do would be removing
appendixes.
Oh my God, life or death was hardcore though.
If you screwed up in that game, you were killing patients left and right.
It was a very hard game.
Hence why it's called Life and Death in that life and maybe...
They should have called it Life but Mostly Death because that's what that game was.
I was like, I'm going to scribble with the scalpel and you have to read all this stuff
before you go and do the surgeries, but we didn't like to read.
We just wanted the scalpel.
That's true.
Trauma Center...
Calcipa makes the best suggestion.
In chat, what do you say?
Psychological Trauma Center.
That would be kind of rad.
Yeah.
All right.
You know what else is going to be...
What?
I was going to say, oh no, I have to repair your daddy left you or something.
That is so, so wrong.
Scalpel.
Look.
We can start with celebrities.
I know.
Yeah.
See, celebrities are okay to make fun of.
Remember, Dennis Leary said it best.
The best way for all those celebrities, the best therapy for them is Shut the Fuck Up
by Dr. Dennis Leary.
All right, look.
Let's move on to games.
I do want Trauma Center 2, but I definitely, definitely want this.
I was actually surprised to hear that Final Fantasy IV was not already confirmed for North
America, but then again, this is Squeenix we're talking about.
But apparently this week, Final Fantasy IV director Takashi Tokita did confirm that Final
Fantasy IV is being localized for North America.
That was in the latest issue of Nintendo Power.
Okay, wait.
Scratch that.
He didn't actually confirm the localization, but I mean, there was English language screenshots
in the article.
It's on the cover of the freaking magazine.
I think it's safe to say the game's coming out over here.
I think it's safe to say the game's coming out here.
I wouldn't know or anything.
Would you know about when the game is coming out here by chance?
I would say it's coming out around here somewhere around here.
In time for my birthday?
No.
Damn it.
I can't get you what I was going to get you for your birthday.
Of course, I don't remember when your birthday is, unfortunately.
June 26th.
Don't forget it.
No.
It's not going to be out for my birthday?
No.
Will it be out in July?
Maybe.
Can we play hot and cold?
Is it July 15th?
Warm.
July 17th.
Warmer.
July 24th.
No, still warm.
July 18th.
What's a Tuesday?
Hold on.
Pulling up a calendar.
This is how we get Loki to tell us secrets now.
July 22nd.
No.
July 15th.
No.
Are they putting it on a Sunday or something?
July 20th.
No, further.
Forget it.
It's close to August, okay?
July 29th.
No.
God.
July 27th.
Right now, it's at the end of July, okay?
Let's just see what that is.
That's not the only game coming over here.
Oh, whatever.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
Should we run it over here?
Oh, what else?
Uh, just another game.
Is it Chrono Trigger?
It's not Chrono Trigger.
Is it Chrono Trigger?
It's another DS game that's already in Japan right now, that I'm showing you the title
for.
Can I please say that on-
Go ahead.
Dragon Quest V.
Yeah.
Wait, what?
Dragon Quest V.
That's apparently getting localized as well.
Excuse me for a second.
Should be fun.
Did you just squee in your pants?
What the hell was that noise?
No, I just squee'd into the mic.
Actually, there's another game coming out too, the same day as Final Fantasy IV, but
it's not for the DS.
It's actually a 360 RPG that's by Square Enix, although it's got the weirdest title ever,
Infinite Undiscovery, so that should be coming around at the same time.
But a lot of stuff can move.
But they're coming.
Alright, so Dragon Quest V, Final Fantasy IV in July, you didn't hear it here.
You did not hear it.
It might not be July.
That's true.
Games get pushed back all the time.
Alright.
I have to do Dragon Quest VI, now we're hulking.
Alright, so, but still, where's Chrono Trigger?
I mean, that's the game everybody wants, right?
You can pretty much, okay, let me put it this way.
If it's a Square Enix RPG, and it's being made in Japan, and it's come out in Japan,
you can bet it's going to be localized for here.
Mother 3.
That's not a Square Enix game.
That was it.
That was...
Nintendo themselves.
Yeah, that was Nintendo.
That's what I call them now, if we're not bringing that over here.
Bastard Nintendo.
Yes, they did.
It came out over there.
Why not here?
Well, just...
What's up with that, Nintendo?
Because the same people that own Nintendo own Live 365.
I'll take a detour for a minute to say hello to Rice Princess, who showed up 39 minutes
late.
How are you?
I'm good and late.
How about you?
I'm fine.
Awesome.
I got you a present.
Okay, then I forgive you for being late.
Ooh!
Is that it for me?
This is it for you.
Ooh!
That looks so pretty.
It's kind of random.
It is, but they were on sale, and I'm like, oh, they have penguins.
I will like it.
They're floor mats for the car with penguins on them.
They're so cute here.
Wow.
I accept your gift.
Woo-hoo!
In lieu of being late.
Your offering pleases kitty.
It smells like new car.
All right.
Oh, that's weird.
I'm getting high on the floor mats.
And I have to say one other thing.
I got a Captain Crunch Malt from Carl's Jr.
It is so fucking, I mean, flippin' good.
Yeah?
It is.
It is fucking good.
It's free radio.
Yeah.
Oh, my God.
It's so yummy.
I know.
What are they going to do?
Cancel us?
Sorry.
You cannot be on our station anymore.
But, yeah, it's pretty good.
So, yeah.
Okay.
Excellent.
I think we should try to set some sort of Guinness Book of World Records for the most
time fuck has occurred in a podcast.
Maybe for our first all-game show.
That'll be a nice...
Great idea.
That'll be great.
We'll bring a little bell and everything.
That'll be, that'll be, no.
We got to do one show.
We have to do one show over there to get them to like us.
For those that haven't heard us yet.
It doesn't have to be the first show.
Yeah.
Besides those...
Yeah, that might do it with that crowd.
Those Guinness Records, you have to have somebody on hand to, like, record, you know.
It has to be all official and stuff.
No, what we'll do, what we'll do the second show over there will be the fuck show.
We'll do that.
Yay.
We'll lose all of our listeners in one show.
All right.
And we'll have one of those little...
We'll do it South Park style, we'll have one of those little click counters in the corner
of the Justin TV feed.
We'll do it.
We'll do it.
Bobby.
Fuck show.
Y or N. Bobby's in chat right now.
Also say hello to Nathan, who's here.
Hello.
How are you?
I am fine.
Was the Captain Crunch milkshake flipping fantastic?
It was.
It was?
Glad to hear it.
I can't drink it or it might kill me.
Because I have to stay away from high fat foods for a month.
But if they had Captain Crunch Jell-O, I'd be all over that shit.
I'll make you.
Yay.
Rob, you should have a smoothie.
Black Wolf says why.
So fuck show it is.
So what night is that?
It wouldn't be April 13th, it would be the 20th.
It would be the show the day after my birthday.
Well fuck, I'm in.
I think that's a great idea because I'm going to be gone most of that week.
You're going to come for my birthday stuff, right?
I can't.
I'm going to be out of town.
I'm sorry.
Alright, anyway.
We'll figure something out.
It will be our late April-
Oh my god, the show is on 4-20.
It has to be a fuck show.
Yes.
I know.
Alright.
Enough about the fuck show.
Jamie, Brownies?
Irene had enough time to go to the bathroom and back and we're still talking about the
fuck show.
Wow.
It's going to be on 4-20.
It's going to be like a really slow, mellow fuck show like, hey man, like, fuck.
No.
Here's the deal.
I think this is the rule.
These are the rules for the fuck show.
Okay.
Wait, wait, wait, wait.
What?
4-20 is marijuana day.
It's not cuss day.
I don't get the correlation here.
It doesn't matter.
Look, we make the rules.
Alright?
Who fucking cares?
Exactly.
What do we want?
Here's the thing.
We have to do the show completely normal.
Like, we do the show as always because we don't want to lose all our podcast listeners.
But the contest is who can work the word fuck into their stories the most times and we'll
have, like, a running tally.
Who can work the word into the show?
That's brilliant.
I have created a monster and it's fucking awesome.
A brilliant monster.
We should make that an annual thing.
That would be funny.
Alright.
More details to come.
See, I love live radio.
I love it.
I cannot imagine not doing this show live.
Can you imagine if we had to leave Live65 and do a tape show?
The magic of doing a live show creates things such as the fuck show.
We'd be like Mariah Carey because she lip syncs her songs all the time.
That's the dumbest joke I've heard in my entire life.
Shut up!
It's recent because she recently...
Forget it, Daniel.
It's recently lame.
You're recently.
You're always lame.
Jamie News.
In other news, I has a ferret and you bitches don't.
I mean, wait.
More stuff for the Wii but not the DS is Final Fantasy Fables Chocobo's Dungeon will be coming
out in the summer over here and it's happy and makes me go squee and it'll be $39.99.
It's about time.
It's essentially the game that was on the DS like already.
So we're getting a DS port on the Wii now.
Well, I think it may be remade a little bit.
I mean, Wii is like the porting system.
First it was all our PS2 games get ported with Waggle.
Now we're getting DS games.
Well, I guess that's nothing new.
We had Cookin' Mama.
It's, it's cute and it goes quee.
Are you going to buy the game just because the Chocobo goes quee?
Yeah.
I am.
Loki, will you hack the game so the Chocobo goes fuck?
No, I don't know how to do that.
Not yet.
Not yet.
Anyways, so it has been recently discovered that Konami has trademarked a new name for
a Castlevania game.
The title of the game, which is assumed to be for the DS, is Castlevania.
Order of, and I can't even pronounce the rest, it looks like Ekklesia.
Ekklesia, yeah, that's right.
Order of Ekklesia.
Is that a musical term?
I thought all the Castlevania games had to have music in them.
Portrait of Ruin did not.
Oh yeah, Portrait of Ruin.
It has to be something artsy and this one's more like logic.
Ekklesia.
Ekklesia.
I don't know.
Stop making up words.
I suspect that this game will have someone in the Belmont family fighting a vampire,
probably Dracula, and there will be whips of some sort and possibly magic and hearts
and stuff.
Okay, hold on.
I'm using my mind reading techniques right now.
Something tells me this game will have holy water as a weapon.
And crosses.
Yes, and crosses.
Maybe daggers.
And an axe.
And one of the characters will have a whip.
You heard it here first, I'm telling you.
When are they going to have a Castlevania game where you fight the Belmonts?
They have had one, Symphony of the Night.
You fight the Belmonts?
You fight Richter?
That's right.
Wasn't that at the second castle?
Sort of, but he's not like the main boss.
He is unless you go do the thing where you have to go fight Shaft.
He is the main boss, totally, if you're not wearing the sunglasses.
Exactly.
That's the only time he actually is.
And there's Aria of Sorrow.
I hadn't played that one.
He is a boss, though.
Richter is awesome.
I like his Ryu look and Rondo of Blood.
I mean like you fight the Belmont family.
Like they're the bad guys.
All of them.
Like, I don't know, because you always fight Dracula or something like that.
It's like, come on.
Poor Shaft.
Castlevania.
He fucks up the Belmont family reunion.
DS.
Aw, yeah.
Dracula's gonna fuck you up.
I would get me to buy a Castlevania game again.
I haven't really been into the Castlevania series on the DS.
I don't know why.
I love the Castlevania series.
I don't like the 3D Castlevanias.
I mean, they're okay.
Like what?
64?
No.
Like Lament of Innocence.
Oh, yeah, yeah.
Curse of Darkness.
They're okay.
I like my 2D Castlevania.
Yeah, I understand that.
Yeah.
Well, despite whatever it is they're putting out on the DS, it's working, because Nintendo
is supreme when it comes to Japanese hardware and software sales, and this is per the latest
issue of Famitsu Magazine.
The Nintendo DS and the Wii have sold 6.3 and 3.7 million units.
That's 6.3 million for the DS, 3.7 for the Wii.
And Wii Fit is selling like crazy in Japan, 1.76 million units.
Nintendo has the top five spots in software, so this is still selling like crazy in Japan.
I'm not sure how this is news, because that's kind of obvious to me, but it's been circulating
in the blogs this week, so we thought we'd let you know.
But if you want to know what the top five games are right now out of the house of Nintendo,
Wii Fit, Mario Party DS, I actually kind of surprised me that's so high, Wii Sports, because
I believe in Japan they sold it separately, don't forget, Super Smash Brothers Brawl,
and Pokemon Mystery Dungeon.
Those are the top five games.
Don't hate on Pokemon, don't hate.
I don't hate as much as I want.
Pokemon Mystery Dungeon doesn't really count because it's two games, so.
That rhymes.
Oh, that's true, that's a little bit of cheating, isn't it?
Yeah.
All right, cheaters.
Pokey cheaters, cheater-mons.
Cheater-mons.
Cheater, cheater.
All right, so yeah, Nintendo's making a lot of money in Japan.
Go Fig.
Wow, that's news.
What else is new?
I don't know, you tell me what else is new.
This has to do with old stuff for something new.
There has been a fact sheet released for details on Mario Kart Wii, and for anyone who's wanting
to play with their classic controller or the GameCube controller, it has been said that
certain moves will not be able to be used with those controllers.
Like snaking?
I say hooray.
Oh, wait, they do-
It doesn't say specifically.
Ah, they took snaking out of the game altogether, I think we talked about that last week, but
that's good.
But it's basically saying that by using the Wiimote and Nunchuk together, you're supposed
to have full playability in the game, but those people are going to have an advantage
over the people using the older controller schemes.
I have a feeling that it's not so bad as people are making it out to be.
I think it'll probably be because I think you can do different little tricks and stuff,
not just one trick when you're doing jumps to get boosts and stuff.
So you probably will be able to do one trick on the GameCube or classic controller or something
like that, and then the people that have the Wii can use the controller to do different
tricks using the motion controls.
Because with that controller turned sideways or something, there's definitely not that
many buttons to use, and so a lot of it's motion controls, so I don't see why they couldn't
translate that stuff into button presses.
It's just sheer laziness.
Do you think the game's going to control as well with the classic controller anyway?
Because it seems to me like this game is going to be calibrated for that motion control that
an analog stick can't quite replicate.
You know what I mean?
I still think it'll be fine with the classic controller.
I've played Brawl with the classic controller, and I plan on playing this game.
But it's different.
Brawl doesn't rely on motion so much, you know what I mean?
I plan on playing this game with the classic controller, and if that doesn't work, there's
always the remote nunchuck, which you can just use the analog stick on that, and then
some of the motion controls with the remote, because that's not gimped on it.
But I don't think it's going to be a big deal, and the fact that they would do that to try
to force people to buy their stupid, you know, possibly use their stupid steering wheel controller
or something like that, I think it's kind of lame.
Besides, that steering wheel's going to give them problems.
We'll see.
I'm looking forward to the game nevertheless.
It's going to control a lot differently, that's for sure.
But as long as it's better than Double Dash.
Yeah.
Well, this is kind of neat.
It's a homemade game for the Nintendo system.
It's a game called Glider.
It's made by a company called Retro Zone.
I guess it's a remake, I think, of a game that came out on the Mac or something like
that.
But the interesting thing about it is the game will have download content, but it's
not as easy as it sounds.
It's not just like something you can pop into, I don't know, the internet and download it.
You actually have to reflash the cart, and it requires a $70 accessory to do it.
Wow, what a bargain.
But you can get new levels and stuff, and that same accessory will let you dump ROMs
and crap like that.
But it's just still kind of neat to see them actually, first off, making new games, and
secondly, allowing you to add new levels to it.
Aren't there still new games for the Nintendo being made in countries like Taiwan and stuff?
Because didn't we see a version of one of the Tekken games, like I get an NES port or
something recently?
I've seen some weird stuff.
Oh, and those RPGs I've been seeing, like Final Fantasy VII ported to the NES and that
stuff.
Yeah.
And then there's also one that I saw, which is Contra III, ported to the NES.
The Titanic game, that looked like tons of fun.
Yeah, so, I don't know.
It's interesting.
Hell, they're still making like, Vectrix games and stuff like that.
There's always a fan of something somewhere.
Would you play a game based off Titanic on the NES?
No.
Even though Leonardo DiCaprio dies?
No.
Well, if you are interested in playing this game, Glider, you can find it on the website
RetroUSB.com.
It's I believe like $50, no $42 currently it's on backorder, but it'll be coming out
early April.
The only bad thing about it is it's black and white, because I really do think it came
out originally on a Mac, the game, I guess it's from 1989.
But what's cool though is it comes with a cardboard box, a printed manual just like
the old NES games, and of course there's the black dust sleeve and that kind of thing.
And it's region free.
This is great.
Someone in Justin TV reminded me of this, Akuma JP in Justin TV Chats mentioned the
V. Not the we, but the V, speaking of innovative software to come out of other countries.
We need to get a V here in studio.
Are we able to do that?
They're expensive.
I don't really want one.
The company also makes some interesting things.
They have a game called Airball, another game called Sudoku 2007, and they make reproductions
of the Nintendo World Championship 1990 cards.
Nice.
That's pretty cool.
Sudoku, yay.
What?
I said Sudoku, yay.
Sudoku?
Yes.
Okay.
Shut up.
Let's see if there's some non-Sudoku games coming out on some very...
Shut up again.
I played a lot of Sudoku while I was in the hospital because I was really bored.
And?
And I don't want to ever play anymore.
Ew.
Shut up.
All right.
I just got split from our chat room.
Oh, everybody came back.
I guess the split got fixed.
Live radio.
It has its ups and downs.
Let's see.
Let's look at the release calendars for games coming out soon.
We'll start off in Japan.
Coming out on the Xbox 360 in Japan on April the 10th, Turok is coming out.
Yay.
It's not...
Oh, yeah, did you pre-order your copy, right?
I did, yes.
And then I named my kid after Turok.
It was great.
Poor kid.
I wonder if he gets teased.
What grade would he be in now?
Like still in elementary school or...
What?
The kid that was named Turok.
I don't know.
You remember that contest?
They got paid a million dollars to name their kid Turok?
No, I don't remember that.
You host a video game show and you do not know this?
I don't remember old news.
It ain't that old.
This is like, I don't know, 10 years old or something.
All right.
By the way, we apologize that our audio is so fucked up in the studio tonight, but something
about that microphone that they're using in the back is really sensitive, so if you put
it like it...
Oh, I'm sorry.
I'll talk like right here.
There you go.
That's a perfect level.
Wonderful.
Live radio.
Back to Japan.
Coming out on the Nintendo Wii, Mario Kart Wii makes its way out on April the 10th, as
well as Karous Wii.
That's not Kid Akaris.
That's K-A-R-O-U-S.
And then Neo Geo Stick 2 comes out as well.
I'm not sure if that's a joystick.
Oh, it's just a joystick.
I thought it was actually a game for a minute.
A stick figure game where you're trying to think of a stick fighter.
I don't know.
Stick Fighter, exactly.
On the PlayStation 2, Battle of Sunrise comes out from Sunrise Interactive, so I wonder
if it's like the employees fight each other.
That would be cool.
That would be actually kind of a rad game.
No.
This looks like...
What kind of game does this look like?
It looks like kind of like one of those robot fighting games that you see quite a bit of
in Japan.
It looks like it's got a tech element to it as well.
That must be the gist of it, probably some type of tech game.
Also coming out in Japan on the Nintendo DS, Oshiri Kajiri Mushi no Rhythm Lesson DS comes
out from Sega.
Wait, did you say the first word was...
Oshiri Kajiri Mushi.
That means butt.
I'm probably just mispronouncing it because I horribly do that, but it's a music game.
Learn how to dance like these scary looking critters with flowers coming out of their
heads on the cover of the game.
Maybe they're saying move your butt, rhythm dancing, whatever it's called.
Maybe.
If you live in Japan and you've got no rhythm, hope is on the way.
On the PSP, the only game coming out on the 10th, Nanpure and Okake Puzzle 10,000 Mon.
I think it's just a Sudoku game.
I think that's what they call it.
Yay, Sudoku.
Oh, shut up.
You shut up.
How many Sudoku games do they have in the simple series?
It's just nuts.
It's silly because you can just play it for free online.
I don't know why you'd buy a game.
I'm going to remember that, though, that oshiri means butt.
Hey, Justin TV, want me to show my oshiri?
No, please don't proposition that.
I would have to see those.
Oh, my God, Glenn.
When did he get here?
Nobody knows who Glenn is, never mind.
Nobody knows that joke outside of wow.
I know.
I kind of regret saying that.
According to Alpha Canonogram, it's a butt-biting-bug game.
Sounds like fun.
All right.
And no, I'm not going to show my butt on the Justin TV cam because somebody would, some
sick asshole would highlight it, so I'm not going to do that.
Let's move on.
Let's move on with other release dates, please.
Okay.
How about some for the UK?
How about it?
A bunch of stuff on the 11th.
We have Phoenix Wright, Ace Attorney, Trials and Tribulations, Soldier of Fortune Payback,
The History Channel, Battle for the Pacific on a bunch of systems, Assassin's Creed, Altair's
Chronicles, Assassin's Creed, Director's Cut Edition, Draglade, Mario Kart Wii, Sam & Max
Episode 205, What's New, Beelzebub.
I think that's a funny name, although I still won't play the game.
UEFA Euro 2008, Victorious Boxers Challenge, so you can punch people in the face.
Sounds like fun.
That does sound like fun.
I want to punch people in the face.
Well, Drew's right there.
Hi.
Come here so I can punch you.
Is that it?
Yes.
Okay.
In the US, we're getting a bunch of crap this week.
Yay, crap.
My favorite.
Anyways, let's start things off right.
Dirty Dancing the Game is coming to PC.
Hooray.
There's a game for the DS called Fab Five Soccer, and no, it doesn't have anything to
do with Queer Eye, although that'd be weird.
There's a game called Plushies for the DS.
That's also another weird title.
Wow.
Awesome.
What the hell is wrong with us?
Make some games that aren't stupid.
Dude, they should make a game called Furries.
No, they shouldn't.
You know you would at least rent it, just to see what it's about.
No, I would not waste my money.
It's called Second Life.
It totally is.
The orange box is going to be broken up this week, so we have Half-Life 2, the episode
pack, which I believe is episode one and two.
Then we've also got Portal coming out on PC, and then finally, of course, Team Fortress
2.
On the Wii, Minicopter Adventure Flight, it's a game where you get to play around with a
RC helicopter.
There's also Summer Sports Paradise Island.
It's a Wii game with lawn darts, which are illegal, I guess, in the United States, but
now you can throw lawn darts.
Lawn darts are illegal here?
Yeah.
Dude, we had those growing up.
Yeah, they're illegal now.
Ooh, I'm reporting you to cop dog.
Don't fight it.
You don't know cop dog.
You don't know cop dog.
Report this.
Got hurt.
Let's see here.
Also on the Wii and PlayStation 2, Baroque is coming out this week.
On PlayStation 2, Arcana Heart, which is an all-girl anime fighting game from Atlus.
Hot.
And also, Fetal Fury Battle Archives Volume 2, coming out on PlayStation 2 for $14.99.
On PC, we have Overclocked, a history of violence, Assassin's Creed.
And finally, oh, let's see here, Sam and Max Episode 205, What's New Beelzebub, will be
coming out on GameTap and PC, and I guess Civil War Mysteries as well.
Hey!
Sorry.
We make fun on this show.
And I think that's it, and there's, as we mentioned, I think a few weeks ago, Ikaruga
is rumored to be coming out this week on Xbox Live Arcade.
Hopefully that's not broken.
And hopefully it isn't a shitty port, because that'll make me cry.
Where is my radiant silver gun?
Questions or comments from chat room.
Qualtippo says, the furry game would be rated D for drama, because I guess there's a lot
of drama in the furry scene.
I would know.
Really?
You're kidding.
Let's see, Katamari's Forever in chat says, I heard about that, speaking of Arcana Heart.
Eleven girl fighters, girl on girl action.
They have a dog girl in there.
I swear to God, it's a chick that's dog.
Is that like a manbear pig?
This has been done before.
It was called the Asuka 120% series.
So it's not manbear pig.
So this is nothing original, people.
I didn't know this.
Rama says cosplayers hate furries.
I didn't know there was this war between cosplayers and furries.
Dude, that should be a fighting game.
I guess one kind of drama hates the other kind of drama.
Cosplayers versus furries.
I would buy that.
I'm like, I'm just versus ninja.
Exactly.
Oh yeah?
Cowboys.
And SSG100 Matt says, no, no, no.
Everyone hates furries.
Aw, poor furries.
Not poor furries.
They're completely cognizant of what they're doing.
Dude I would love.
Okay, so what are the ideas for games we've had?
We've had laser cats.
We've had, what else do we have on a previous show?
We need to write these things down.
You do.
Put them on the wiki or something.
Something?
Damn it.
Someone had chatters?
Wasn't there something they had to do with paper?
Yeah, it was one of those games, because there was a game for DS coming out that you could
just play on paper.
Like it was like Pictionary or something on the DS.
I remember talking about that in the previous show.
It was something you could play with a pen and paper.
And now I want to add this to the list.
Cosplayers versus furries.
An epic fighting battle.
Bob's voice.
The game.
No, no.
Scratch that from the list.
That wouldn't sell.
L.O.L.
That was the name of the game.
There was a game on the DS called L.O.L. and it was something you could just play with
a fucking piece of paper and a pen.
The whole premise of that game was to get people to laugh or something like that and
they would vote on which drawing is the funniest or something like that.
That's it.
Yes, it's called pen and paper.
Can somebody please add that to the wiki?
Can our wiki gods like AJ Mix or Dark Tetsuya or somebody, can our wiki gods add like a
page of our great ideas?
And be sure to put on the bottom patent pending.
Awesome.
GameStop.com is down.
Hopefully that means that they've closed down.
They're like, we give up.
We have too much money.
Will they close down all the freaking pre-orders for cosplayers versus furries, shut them down?
It's like, oh my god, I can't handle this.
Anyways.
In fact, I would actually like to see some of our listeners go into a GameStop to pre-order
cosplayers versus furries because you know they'll take your $5 for anything and I'd
like to see what happens.
If it's not in the system, they can't do it because it prints up a receipt.
Damn it.
This is the extent of my knowledge from Dan managing a GameStop.
We should probably move on.
Can we?
Yes, please.
Yes.
So if that's it for the US releases.
I think it is at least.
How did release dates turn into cosplayers versus furries?
You did it.
That was your fault, Rob.
You know it.
It was an April Fool's joke.
You know it's actually not the first anymore.
Well I'm trying to transition into talking about some of the April Fool's Day pranks
from around the web and you know I gotta start with this.
This week we had so many April Fool's Day pranks because everyone gets in on it except
for Orange Launch Radio this year.
We didn't do an April Fool's Day prank because we had depressing news.
So the holiday was kind of ruined for us.
However, the IGN trailer for The Legend of Zelda movie.
What the fuck?
Somebody spent like thousands of dollars on it.
Did you see that trailer?
I did see that trailer.
Didn't it make you like want to like come?
Not at all.
It was actually pretty well done.
It was okay.
Some of it was hokey, but it looked like a sci-fi movie to me.
What do you expect from a sci-fi channel?
If they put a decent budget behind it and maybe had a good writer or something.
I didn't believe for a minute it was real because it didn't have a single star in it
and a movie like Zelda would at least have a star in it somewhere like Ian McKellen playing
the old man that says it's tough out there to go alone here take this or something but
he'd say it in his voice.
It's dangerous to go alone.
Thank you.
That's what it is.
It's dangerous.
Sean Connery.
It's dangerous to go alone.
It's dangerous.
No you can't so you should stop.
But there would be at least one famous person so that's why this thing couldn't be real
and the CGI was a little hokey but I thought it was pretty amazing the work that they did
do.
For an April Fool's joke it was awesome.
Yeah they put a lot of effort into it for an April Fool's joke but I wouldn't.
Did you see the making of trailer?
Because they did that shit in July of last year.
They did a making of trailer of a trailer.
Well they had a making of little snippet thing that was released the day after that shows
you how they did it.
No I didn't check like, oh it's April 2nd time to check and see if there's something
following up.
Is this better?
Yeah.
The date was July.
They did that in July.
That's the only thing I cared about in there was when did they do it because I wanted to
hear them say why they did it but it was July when they were putting it all together.
I was just kind of surprised at that.
Well good job.
But Loki I noticed there was no Tingle in the movie so there's still hope.
No I don't think that there was Tingle in the first game either so.
That's alright they can work it in.
No they can't.
Yeah they can.
Well they can't but I'm not playing him.
Oh moving on.
Yes the legend of me.
The legend of me?
The legend of me.
Other April Fool's jokes from around the web, Microsoft actually put together their own
little thing like they were announcing all these devices that were going to come out
such as the retro Xbox 360 that had a wood finish on it and the retro controller and
I thought the hilarious part.
I like how Microsoft can kind of make fun of themselves because the retro controller
had like a hundred buttons on it.
It looked like a typewriter.
It was kind of funny.
And then they announced like a virtual headset and my favorite was Xbox Live the board game.
That was pretty good.
Oh God.
What else did we have?
Kotaku did cake kaku for a day or something like not bukkake but cake kaku or something
like that for a whole day where they were nothing but gaming cakes which was actually
kind of funny because they do cover a lot of gaming cakes on that blog or at least they
did in the past year.
What else was there?
Somebody announced My Little Pony for Xbox Live Arcade.
That's awesome.
I heard someone said the EA was doing that.
That's awesome.
Oh don't forget Wow.
Oh yeah.
What did Blizzard do this year?
I know specifically for Wow they introduced the Bard class.
That looked hardcore.
That was good.
And they had Molten Core the console game.
For the Atari toy 600.
Well did you see how the Bard was supposed to have like guitar with you know like guitar
hero controls and stuff like that.
I was actually pretty pissed that that was fake because I think the control scheme would
be stupid but I would like to see Bards in World of Warcraft because Bards are awesome.
They had for Starcraft 2 they had Tauren Marines.
Oh yeah.
Nice.
They were beefy.
I also like the Guild Wars thing.
I thought that was cool.
And Lord of the Rings Online had like giant chickens that you had to fight.
But nobody cares because it's Lord of the Rings Online.
And actually speaking of Guild Wars, the Guild Wars wiki and the WoW wiki switched places
for a day.
So you tried to go to WoW wiki and it was giving you Guild War quests.
That's awesome.
That's great.
And then vice versa.
Brilliant.
And then there was also the Konami Ubisoft one where they had Altera and Metal Gear Solid
4 and they did like an actual video from in-game and stuff with all that going on.
And what other ones?
Oh.
Dark Tetsuya says Shang Long and Street Fighter IV.
I was just going to say that.
That was funny.
I don't know.
Oh, Bungie did one where they were showing the Xbox Halo 3 stats, you know how like show
a little light or whatever where people are playing Halo 3 and apparently it made their
little cartoon Halo head thing on there.
So I was kind of kind of dumb but I think what else there was.
Creativity from around the web.
Yeah.
What was your favorite prank out of all of them?
I like the Zelda thing.
I think the Zelda trailer kind of trumped everything.
I mean even though it wasn't like I wasn't going to fall for it, it's still like the
quality of it was very good.
I think everybody has their guard up on April 1st.
It would be very hard to fall for a prank.
Did anyone fall for a prank?
Chatters, did any of you fall for a prank?
I know some of our listeners fell for that Zelda thing because we got some emails about
it.
I got my boss to fall for a prank.
What was that?
My review, my work review was on April 1st.
Nice.
And so I was thinking that there was going to be all this stuff but I went in and I was
like well before we start the meeting I have to tell you something really, really important
and this is bad news for you.
It's really good news for me but I've been offered a job at the Beau Ravage in Biloxi,
Mississippi as their massage therapist for some sort of reopening thing so I'm going
to be moving in three weeks and I did it completely deadpan and she just got quiet and looked
at me and said I'm happy for you and I was like well thank you and also I just completely
fooled you.
This is at my annual review.
Nice.
But she said that they all got her by, she calls in to check on us every morning and
that they said that nobody else showed up.
The only April Fools prank I played is I went to our guild forum for WoW.
I went to the guild forum and I posted a post that says why I quit the guild last night
to go back to Final Fantasy XI and then you open it up and it says yeah right April Fools.
That's clever Rob.
I know it was great.
And the worst part is some of us actually believe you.
I know, I know.
What about all the Rick Rolling stuff that was going on?
Oh God.
Rick Rolling is so old.
However, however, there was a clever one that was linked to me of The Muppets.
I was a beaker and that was cool.
The best Rick Roll was not beaker but in a second it was not game facts which was evil
but it was actually Chris Perillo of Locker Gnome from the Screen Savers announcing his
last video podcast because apparently he had a fight with his woman.
Right.
His woman.
It's always the woman.
Yeah, he just, I'm sorry, I just, he looks away, freeze frame, never going to give you
up, starts playing.
I'm like oh God.
I think my favorite April Fools joke other than the Zelda thing had to have been, and
I know it was a little late for April Fools but the release of Mr. Driller in there online,
it's so funny because it doesn't work.
He's fooled all those people because it's Mr. Driller online and the online portion
doesn't work.
You remember Mo who was here a few weeks ago who did a cover of Still Alive, remember that?
She actually has a cover of Never Going to Give You Up on YouTube and that's how we found
her actually.
That's how Jake found her to begin with and they call it Chick Rolling if you want to
link that YouTube.
Wow.
So there it is.
I'm not making that up.
There's a cover of her doing Never Going to Give You Up.
It's quite good.
See, April Fools, I guess it's about fooling people obviously and yeah, the Zelda thing
was pretty good but I kind of like things that make me laugh on April Fools Day and
definitely the Molten Core console thing just made me crack up.
Blizzard does good jobs every year with April Fools.
They do good jobs.
Let's move on with news because we want to wrap this segment up.
Well, I have our downloadable content stuff.
Yay stuff.
Xbox Live Arcade, Mr. Driller Online, 800, Microsoft Points, Xbox Live Marketplace, Army
of Two, Football Manager 2008 and this is UK, sorry.
Some of it's over here.
For game content, Call of Duty 4, Brighty Map Pack, Two Worlds Curse of Souls, Pinball
FX, Rocky and Bullwinkle Table.
Guess what?
I owned one for reals.
So haha, that's how I got my World Cup soccer.
A whole bunch of Karaoke Revolution, American Idol stuff, who cares?
I got to get that game.
Themes, Mr. Driller Online, FIFA Street 3, Brazil, England, France, Italy, Germany, Mexico,
Spain, USA, Australia.
Pictures, Major League Gaming Got Frag, Major League Gaming Game Battles, Turok Creatures,
Turok Whiskey Company, Wolf Pack, Variety, Mr. Driller Online, more shit, Call of Duty
4, Nick Busby, Ink Blots number 2, Rainbow Six Vegas 2, Elite Pack, PSN, nothing.
Virtual Console in Europe, Yoshi's Cookie.
In the US we got Cruisin' and we got Wonder Boy, which we've talked about for the Metaboli
thing, there's Imprenium Romanum, Buku Dominoes and Rayman Raving Rabbids, and Sins of a Solar
Empire PC demo is out, so there you go.
Here's the hilarious thing about the Mr. Driller Online theme, is that when you would download
it on Xbox 360, what the theme is, is just a bunch of red X's.
Anyhow, let's move on.
Let's see, I was going to say also, yeah, PlayStation Network's not going to have much
for the next few weeks anyway since they're revamping their store and in the meantime
not putting anything up there, so if you want your free still live like you get in Xbox
360, you're going to have to wait until the 17th, so that sucks.
Another game though that you're going to have to wait even longer for is The Force Unleashed,
which was originally going to be a July game, but now it's been pushed all the way to September
16th, where it's hopefully going to stay.
This week though they had some videos showing off the different versions of the game, which
I guess each game is kind of getting their own exclusive things, like for example the
PlayStation 2 and PSP titles will be getting some exclusive story lines and stuff like
that in the game in the 360 and PS3 versions.
You of course get kick-ass graphics and physics, and then the Wii version they actually have
a battle mode where you can fight different people and also like, you know, Wiimote, lightsaber
combat and stuff like that, and I believe also the PSP version has some like legacy
story line modes that you can play through five different story lines through the six
episodes of the movie, so that's kind of neat.
Looks like a pretty awesome game, and like I said, September 16th is when we can see
that in the US.
Alright.
Are you excited about The Force Unleashed?
I actually am.
I'm thinking about picking that up for the 360.
Star Wars games are usually pretty good.
I like Lego Star Wars.
So go figure, we have people trying to connect to life 365 right now and it's not letting
them in.
I'm not going to miss this place at all.
The more I think about it, we should have done this a year ago, all right, Rooster Teeth.
You might not know that name, but you definitely know Red vs. Blue, something that they've
put together for years and years, but you know, they obviously, right, well now they're
going to do something called Reconstruction.
They put out a trailer, a little teaser video that's available on YouTube if you search
for Reconstruction Rooster Teeth, you'll find it.
What I find interesting about it though, it's a little bit more serious, at least the trailer
had a more serious tone, so I guess they're getting away from the funny stuff and maybe
doing something a little more serious.
I don't know about that.
I mean, every series that they've done has been funny.
I guess that's true.
I mean, maybe, I don't know, but it would be interesting if they took the different
direction.
It would be interesting.
Maybe it'll be a dramedy, like Ally McBeal was drama but funny, well to some.
Yeah, that's debatable.
I never really found it funny.
Neither did anybody else.
I never watched it.
Oh, snap.
She was too skeleton-like.
Yeah, that's every time I look at it.
All right, no more TV critic.
Back to gaming news.
Remember when we were talking about the contest for Puzzle Quest, the add-on getting a name?
No.
Just kidding.
Yes, I do.
Rob.
What?
Is that the name of the new expansion?
Yes, that's the name.
Try to spell it.
Anyway, they got 500-plus suggestions and-
That's it, that's actually kind of sad.
Only 500.
I know, right?
And in the end, they got Revenge of the Plague Lord.
Oh, and I was hoping they would pick Puzzle Quest 1.5 to search for more money.
Did you submit that?
No, that's Spaceballs 2.
Ah, yes.
That's actually kind of a dumb title.
I don't know.
It doesn't make me go OMG1.
The runners-up was sorceress of Malbec and the scourge of Antharg.
Those are much cooler names, because they have-
I think I knew an ogre in a D&D game named Antharg.
It's like they threw the alphabet into Will It Blend, and they got those names.
Did you actually watch them for that?
The sorceress of Elbec, what was that?
Malbec.
Malbec and the-
And the scourge of Antharg.
Antharg.
Did you actually watch any of those yet?
Will It Blend is pretty good, yes.
I watched the one where they blended a Guitar Hero controller.
I liked the one where they blended the iPhone.
Pretty awesome.
I heard they dispose of a hobo in that.
April Fools, just kidding.
Well there's a game that is on Xbox Live Arcade that everybody loves.
And well, they're going to be loving the sequel too.
It's Geometry Wars Retro Evolved 2.
And it is coming to Xbox Live Arcade, at least that's where we would assume it's going.
And this comes to us from the Australian Classifications Board, the OFLC, which has just raided the
game.
So, you know, kind of like the MPA, not the MPAA, but the ESRB here, you know, that is
kind of their version of that.
So I'm sure, you know, we'll see this at some point, maybe an E3 announcement or something
like that.
Well when it got spoiled now though, that's got to suck.
Eh, whatever.
At least it's not like Sonic Unleashed.
Yeah, that sucks for those guys.
What do you think they're going to change in this game though?
I kind of like the Wii version, the Wii version was good, I mean that would be a pretty kick-ass
download game, but I mean, then again, it's the game that's on the Wii, so I don't think
they could do the same thing.
But like, I didn't know there was a lot else they could do to Geometry Wars, but that Wii
game was pretty awesome.
Add some new enemies maybe, or something like that, different weapons.
I guess.
Maybe they'll have like co-op or competitive mode or something, that would be a big change,
because they didn't have that in the first one.
So we'll see.
Well we're going to play this song, and long time listeners of our show recognize that
song as Happy Wedding, which is going to introduce a new segment in the show this week called
Nerds Got Married.
Whenever there's a wedding of note that we want to highlight on the show, we're going
to say Nerds Got Married.
So this week in Nerds Got Married, a listener of Orange Lounge Radio actually got married.
The Viva Pinata guy, remember the Viva Pinata guy?
He's actually a listener of the program, he commented on our MySpace.
I think he was mad because we were poking fun at the story, even though that's what
we do here.
But the Viva Pinata guy got married.
You might remember in Viva Pinata, he did the diamond sending thing and did a little
note in the game, and they had the wedding, and they did it on a cruise ship, and they
actually had little Viva Pinata creatures on their wedding cake.
So congratulations to David and Jen, if you want to see more about the wedding.
It's all on David's YouTube channel, which is available at Gears Cast.
He must also be a big Gears of War player.
So there you have it, Nerds Got Married.
Congratulations.
I know that song has to do with weddings and stuff, but do you have to use such a shitty
song?
I hate that song.
I like to do little throwbacks to our days.
It's a Bimani station.
Could you do a better throwback?
I could throw you out of here.
I could throw my fist in your face.
Alright.
Just thought I'd interject there.
Alright, how about this?
I will allow Dark Soccer to do a proper throwback.
Thank you.
And she will throwback by highlighting a classic game of the week.
It also hurts my heart because this is classic now.
So Dark Soccer, what did you pick for the kids this week as your classic game of the
week?
Something they must check out?
I picked Pure Awesomeness.
I picked Crazy Taxi on Dreamcast.
Awesome.
Yeah.
This is the best, like one of the best games ever.
Hey, it's time to make some crazy money, are you ready?
Here we go!
That's not the same song I remember.
No, well, it had Bad Religion and Office of the Dead.
But yeah, it's basically, not only is it a clever type of beat the clock sort of driving
game.
You can do different kinds of stunts in there to increase your fare, you have to play for
a better rating.
I remember playing in the arcade until I got an S-Class license and I was so freaking happy.
The game also is a clever advertising technique for Pizza Hut, Fila, Tower Records, which
actually I guess it wasn't so clever for Tower Records, Levi's store, and Kentucky Fried
Chicken.
They all had massive product placement in that game.
But you had four different drivers, you had your balance driver, you had your fast one,
you've got your best control, and then you had your heavy cabs that can basically run
over anything in its path.
And you had a whole city set up that you could drive through and get in place, and jump out
the buildings and do different things like that.
And on top of that, as you can probably hear as I mentioned in the soundtrack, it had the
songs from Bad Religion and Office of the Dead had interlock at 10 and 20 10, then the
last song on the radio and not think of this game.
I love this game, I actually think this is one of the better driving games.
I'm not so fond of it on the Dreamcast as I am in the arcades, like for me that's the
home for this game, it was an arcade game, although I will give props to the Dreamcast
version because it had the missions and it had the extra stuff in it.
The missions were hard though.
The missions were actually pretty cool, if I'm just going to bring that up, it trains
you to do different stuff in the game is what the missions are there for, so showing you
how to do dashes and how to toby and crazy stuff, I actually thought the later ones that
had so many interesting ones, like the super long jump and everything, that was kind of
cool.
But this is one of my favorite games ever.
Irene, were you a fan of Crazy Taxi?
I never played it.
Really?
Really.
It's a really fun game actually.
I should try.
For a driving game it's a lot, it's just different, it's not just NASCAR vroom vroom vroom around
in a circle, it's pretty fun.
You raise the clock and get crazy money.
Take people to Pizza Hut, how could you not like that?
Yeah, I'll have to try it sometime.
It's actually available on GameTap too, I know I hoard that a lot, but hey, they got
free games on there.
Well, not free, I guess free.
I did like on the later ones though, I did like on the later ones how they had it where
you could play, where you could have multiple people in your car too and do different deliveries
to different places.
Rasteel UT says, funny that Pizza Hut isn't Pizza Hut anymore, they're Pasta Hut now.
Did they have to change that in later games or something maybe?
Oh, in the game?
I don't know.
Maybe.
Wasn't that an April Fools joke?
Yeah.
Oh, perhaps.
No, they're Wing Street now or whatever.
Yeah, Tiger Claw mentions in the game you can't run over people sadly, any attempt they
always run out of the way.
Well, yeah.
But it was sure fun trying.
I'm talking about running into cars.
Yeah.
You can run into the cars.
I love Crazy Taxi.
I know, me too.
I want to make some crazy money, Rob.
All right.
Well, I got a dollar.
I owe you a dollar.
You should just keep it.
All right.
Anyhow, that's going to do it for part A of our podcast, but there's plenty more to come
for this, our last week on Live 365.
Coming up in part B, we're going to play a game that we started here on Live 365.
Actually, this game dates all the way back to a show I did on college radio, so this
game has survived for 10 years.
We're going to play it one last time... Well, not last time, but one more time tonight here
on Live 365, and then we'll bring it over to All Games in a few weeks.
We're going to play Listless tonight.
The topic for tonight's Listless, so folks can start thinking about what they want to
do here in studio, things that Live 365 could do to get us to stay.
Oh, God.
This is the topic of tonight's Listless, things that Live 365 could do to get us to stay.
You guys think about that, and we will cover that in part B of our podcast.
But until then, a break.
See you then.
Orange Lounge Radio is taped live on Sunday nights and is podcasted to the world twice
a week.
Stay tuned to our podcast feed for the conclusion of this week's Orange Lounge Radio.
