Welcome back to Orange Lounge Radio on this April 6th of 2008.
We are live here on our stream for the last time on Live 365.
This is the last piece of live programming, but for you people that download and listen
to our podcast every week faithfully, not a darn thing is going to change for you.
But we do invite you all to come on and listen to a live show, participate in the chat room.
The new place to do it will be www.allgames.com starting on Sunday the 13th.
But meanwhile, we still have some of this week's news to take care of, so let's kick
off this week's news for Part B with Loki.
So it's no surprise with the Dualshock 3 being released here anytime now that they're going
to be pulling the plug on the 6-axis, basically throwing motors in those old 6-axis controllers
that they have lying around and putting a new shell on it.
So if you're looking for a rumble-less controller, you're going to be out of luck.
However though, if you want to get with the times and actually have a controller with
that last-gen rumble technology in there, then feel free to head to the store, probably
now, and go pick one up.
Ross2UT says, That sucks!
I like the 6-axis.
That comment from chat.orangelaunchradio.com.
What do you think?
I mean, good thing or bad thing about this?
I think it just kind of sucks because it's going to cost so much money to replace now,
but I guess new console owners won't really care.
I kind of anticipated this was going to happen, so I already sold back two of my controllers.
So I just have two more now that I just have to replace.
But the thing is, though, now I think you're going to be fucked if you try to trade them
in like GameStop or something like that because no one's going to want them.
The value has gone down big time on that.
That's true.
No future games are going to support them, right?
No they will.
It just won't have rumble, probably.
The rumble will be disabled.
Gotcha.
Well, that's not the only thing Sony is doing.
Sony is shutting down the PS2 and PSP gaming servers for some of the online games.
Some games are no longer going to work after June 30th.
Now here's the weird thing.
One of the games on the list is Amplitude, but I thought that game already went down.
So some of these games, I think, are already gone because didn't Amplitude go down some
time ago?
Like they had Harmonix developers on the last night and everything?
I don't know.
Well, Sony is shutting down these servers.
There's a report, let's see, Jack X, Lemmings PS2, My Streets, Syphon, Filter Omega Strain,
Twisted Metal Black Online, Everybody's Golf, yeah, all those are all going away.
On the PSP, Lemmings and World Tour Soccer Tour, or World Tour Soccer 2.
Naturally, you can still continue to play those games offline, but what was that?
Those two games, those Twisted Metal Black Online had no offline version.
That game is useless now if you own it, and same with ItoyChat, it was only online.
Was ItoyChat on that list?
I didn't even see it.
Yeah, ItoyChat was online.
Doh!
Were there that many people in ItoyChat though?
I don't think so.
I remember seeing that and I was like, God, that's retarded.
Oh, I'm sorry, I'm still pissed off from when the Amplitude servers went offline.
But Twisted Metal Black Online kind of sucks though that there's no offline mode for that.
I don't know.
Whatever.
Alright, well those servers are bye-bye.
I wonder if somehow old news didn't leak through as new news this week, and we're getting fooled
too, because I swear that Amplitude thing is like a year old.
That was supposed to happen on June 30th.
Alright.
PSP, I've never heard of PSP games shutting their server down, so that element's new,
for sure.
Maybe some wires got crossed, I don't know.
Maybe it was Frequency that was getting shut down last time.
No, Amplitude?
For you seeing it was never online.
Oh.
I miss Amplitude though.
That was a great game.
I wish they'd make a sequel.
I wish that my computer wasn't being messed up right now.
Uh-oh.
Are you having problems connecting to the network?
Okay, there it is.
So, for some reason what happens is that, and this is just with my crappy laptop, is
that I'll have several different Firefox windows open, and then one of them will suddenly vanish.
Fun.
Until I minimize everything else.
Live Radio, what can you do?
Yeah, really.
Criterion is going to be transforming Burnout Paradise by doing a whole crap ton of updates.
The first of these is called Cagney, and they're all going to be named.
So as far as it's listed, there's going to be Cagney, Davis, Eastwood.
I guess so far that just looks like it's alphabetical, so whatever.
If there's one called Cagney, there has to be one called Lacy.
Come on.
That'll be when they get to L.
Okay.
So they're saying that these patches are going to be coming out over the year.
Well that's good.
They're going to keep the game fresh, and that's one of those games I played a lot for
two days, and I'm just kind of collecting dust right now, which is too bad.
They were showing off some pretty cool trailers for the new, well the first download content
for the game, which is going to be a new island.
That's pretty cool.
And then there's going to be a new off-road dune buggy type car that's going to be coming
in there.
Still looking forward to that.
Actually I'm just kind of keeping my game on the shelf to collect dust in the meantime
until they actually release that stuff, and then I'll go play it again.
I'm glad they're giving us reasons to go back, though.
I still need to finish Earth Defense Force 2017.
I finished Saints Row, so that's awesome.
Sunday, right?
Yeah.
So, let's see.
Some other cool stuff, I don't know, this may be cool if you're into Gran Turismo, or
if you have perhaps, I don't know, a younger sibling that you're trying to get into Gran
Turismo.
Apparently there's a game that they were talking about a while back called Gran Turismo for
Boys.
It was going to be a kid-friendly game, or kid-friendly version of Gran Turismo.
I guess it would be a lot easier for them to kind of get sucked into.
I don't think they should call it Gran Turismo for Boys.
I think the better name would be Gran Turismo for Kids, or something like that, since we
don't want to limit which gender can play the game.
But anyways, they were saying that that actually might come back in some form as part of Gran
Turismo 5, the standalone game.
And of course, when they were first announcing Gran Turismo for Boys, it was revealed in
November 2004 by Yakimuchi, and kind of the way to hook preteens on cars.
I guess, kind of like Hot Wheels or something.
How exactly do you do that?
Is it just that the cars are a little more silly, or what?
I don't know if it's a little more silly, maybe easier to tune or something like that,
maybe they walk them through on how to tune the cars.
I need that mode, I can't do all that stuff in those games.
That's why those types of games like Gran Turismo 4 aren't really for me, because there's
too much of that car shop stuff that I'm not really into.
I like Crazy Taxi, just push the pedal and go, and try to drive into people.
Have you seen that new game, it's supposed to be coming out in a couple weeks, Emergency
Mayhem.
It's just like Crazy Taxi, but with little Wiimote mini games and emergency vehicles.
Fun!
So, like, instead of taking him to Pizza Hut, you take him to the ER?
No, instead of, for example, it'll be like, oh, there's a dumpster on fire, and you have
to race over there and then put it out, you know.
And if somebody dies, it's game over.
Then someone's dying or whatever, you have to resuscitate them and stuff.
I don't know, it looks like fun.
What if I want to drive to the dumpster and feed the fire?
I don't know, maybe you can do that?
Throw the body into the dumpster.
Because I have to throw my passenger in the fire, that would be fun.
Well, that sounds more like a game that Rockstar would put together, and maybe they could do
that because they have more resources as of this week.
They've acquired a company called Mad Dog, I'm sorry, Mad Doc Software, Mad Dog is something
different, Mad Doc Software, and this now comes together and they form Rockstar New
England.
So Mad Doc Software hailed as one of the premier independent development studios in North America.
And so they're saying, the team at Mad Doc Software is extremely talented, bringing them
within the Rockstar Games family will enhance our core technology and further support our
commitment to creating progressive and innovative gaming experiences.
So another merger, and that's the sound of the corporate suck-up, and the last game they
worked on was the Bully Scholarship Edition, so port, and a broken one at that.
Gotcha, so it could be that more games are going to get ported, maybe that Grand Theft
Auto on DS isn't so incorrect, who knows?
Hey, I'm down for Grand Theft Auto game on DS, they have it on PSP.
Did you see that rumor about it earlier this week?
I think it's a misprint, I don't think it's, I mean something like that, they couldn't
really put Grand Theft Auto IV on the DS, unless it was top down, which would be pretty
cool.
All right, so now we're going to get into another segment here on the program, and we
like to do this every week, and this segment isn't going away or changing at all, we still
continue to ask you guys to email us every week with whatever feedback you have for the
program.
We do?
Yes, we do, like it or not.
Okay.
All right, and we call it our mailbag, so if you want to send us some emails, mailbag
at orangelaungeradio.com is the place to send them, DarkSakura dives into the mailbag every
week and picks out a few of her favorite emails to read here on the air, and that's, you do,
because you're going to do it right now, or else, or else you go in that dumpster.
No.
Fire.
So, he just, Rob doesn't sing the intro for me anymore, anyway.
Maybe on all games I will, maybe.
On the fuck show I will.
He didn't sing the mailbag intro, I thought it was very-
That was the Let's Ask Orange Lounge.
Yeah, Let's Ask Orange Lounge, which we haven't done in a long time.
Why don't we?
We should do one-
For our Skype segment, let it be that.
You mean no Skype calls tonight?
No, let them call it on Skype, but have it be-
But they get to ask a question, that's it.
If they do anything else, we hang up on them.
That's it.
Okay.
I love that idea.
So, tonight's Skype segment is Let's Ask Orange Lounge.
You call in, ask a question, that's it.
You try to deviate the call, we hang up on you.
I love that idea.
This is a great mailbag.
Although we do take bribes.
Sorry, mailbag.
Okay.
Tonight's show is about thinking of new ideas for the future, isn't our show going to be
great?
I've been thinking of an amazing podcast since last October, and I think it's amazing.
But anyways, I know you guys play many MMOs, except for maybe Loki.
I was wondering what your thoughts are on crappy MMOs, such as RuneScape, or that's
pretty much the only crappy MMO I've played.
Well, it's not that bad, it's just full of grinding, so I guess the true question of
mine is, what are your thoughts on RuneScape?
I've never played it.
Also, whenever I see, Let's Have Tea screen name, I always think it says, Let's Shave
Tea.
But that doesn't matter.
How would you shave tea?
Tea leaves, maybe you shave them with a razor.
You and your logic.
So keep up the great work, Skydark, Sakura, and Loki, and I can't wait for the next podcast.
And that's from someone who didn't put their name on here.
So it's from person.
RuneScape, the only thing about it, I'm looking at some articles about it on Wikipedia, it
looks a little dated to me.
I've never played it.
But it's free, and free is always a good thing.
So it looks like...
No, free is not always a good thing.
I guess that's true, there was Yaris.
Yaris.
But this looks better than Yaris.
At least you can customize your equipment.
The characters look kind of funny.
Apparently there's 150 different RuneScape servers throughout the world.
It started in 2003.
No, no, I might have to check it out, it might be fun.
It's RuneScape.
Fuck RuneScape.
Why fuck RuneScape?
So you obviously know this game.
What do you think of RuneScape?
You get what you pay for.
Why don't you like it?
It's slow, it's clunky, it's a grindfest, and it has one of the worst communities I've
ever seen in a game, ever.
And it looks like it's set in the universe of Paperboy.
Based on that screenshot it does a little bit, huh?
Paperboy the MMO, that's pretty rad.
That would be awesome, I'd play it.
And then you go to the Crystal Castles and you're done.
Anyway.
Next email!
Okay!
Jeez, Rob, jeez.
Okay.
I like ordering the next email.
I think I'm going to do that from now on, I'm going to order the emails.
Yeah, watch me shove this ferret up your ass.
Ew.
This comes from...
No, I love the ferret, I wouldn't do that to the ferret.
Anyway.
It's a new segment.
I can't think of an introduction to my email except for holy crap.
I'm a bit scared about what happened to Rob, I hope you feel better, and that it wasn't
anything too serious.
Well, I feel better.
I just, if you want to do something for me, just cross your fingers, cross your toes,
pray if that's what you're into, or what have you, you know, light a candle or something
that it doesn't come back, and that it goes away.
Because honestly, that's the most scary thing about it, is that I still have a little bit
of those pains, and I'm hoping it's just on its way out, but I just don't want to go back
to the hospital.
This is a scary place.
Don't worry, Rob, we can help you.
We've played plenty of Trauma Center and we know what to do.
Remember, video games teach you about real life and shit, right?
Uh-huh, uh-huh.
Anyway.
Oh, hey, it's addressed to me.
Ragnarok Online 2 Gate of the World Private Servers are up.
The one I play on is euphro2.com.
It's e-u-p-h-r-o-2.com.
It runs off Korean beta software and only basic things are translated menus and such.
The soundtrack is also much better than the first Ragnarok.
The game is also completely different from the first as it runs in 3D, and you can change
classes whenever you want as long as your job level is over five, and the game runs
surprisingly a lot like World of Warcraft by interface and battle system.
The private server has two servers, a test that's 100, 100, 100 rate, and a main server,
I don't know what rates, assuming it has rates as their R01 server, 3, 3, 3.
Anyway.
It's from SakuraMax and it says, waiting for something amazing to happen.
I'm surprised you're not all over Ragnarok 2 if it's out there.
Not until I find a translated copy, like fully translated.
I mean, I'm going to look into this one tonight actually.
Sounds like soon though.
I'm going to look into this one because I'm very interested and I've read up a lot on
Ragnarok 2 already, but I had that, I tried to get into the official beta but I didn't
have a Korean social security number.
By the way, Cheeseburger sent me a private message commenting on RuneScape.
He said, I played one time someone was following me asking me for sex.
Wow.
I should be playing this game.
Sounds like fun.
Just kidding.
Wow.
Anyway.
Can I continue?
Yes.
Next email.
Okay.
Hey, OLR.
I have been listening since episode 245, which I don't know which one that is.
I just wanted to tell you how rad your podcast, your postcast, as it says.
I have laughed so many times listening to you guys and my ears do burn when you mention
anything to do with Australia.
Last year, Loki mentioned a mobile game called The Coolest Girl in School co-created by Champagne
for the Ladies.
I actually worked next door to Champagne for the Ladies doing freelance game artwork.
Nice.
Loki referred to it as GTA for Girls, LOL.
Keep up the good work, picks ill plays in.
And this is from Australia.
It's someone from Australia, so that's cool.
I'm glad we didn't offend all of our Australian listeners when we were, it's like it wasn't
a couple of weeks ago.
We just totally, somebody asked us like what the capital of Australia was, I don't remember
what the hell happened.
You asked me and I didn't know.
That's right.
Whatever.
It's not Sydney.
Maybe.
Remember that much.
It's all right.
It's all right.
I don't know my world capitals that well.
I know Australia, but that's because I'm part Australia.
Yeah, they're sad that there's a two-year-old on YouTube naming off capitals of countries
and all the states in the United States.
Well, you know what?
He's going to grow up to be a crackler.
And he's two years old.
Because seriously, where's that knowledge going to get you in life?
Are you smarter than a two-year-old?
Probably not.
Okay.
Hey guys, I was on YouTube last night and saw this video.
Yeah, okay.
It's the movie trailer for the movie The Legend of Zelda.
I know it's fake as you can see by the date at the end, but I wanted to know if this was
made into a movie, would you guys think it would be the most awesome thing in the world
or epic fail?
P.S.
When you guys are done doing this show in a really, really long time I hope, can I have
a ferret on eBay?
No.
I guess we could eBay the ferret or something.
I don't know.
This is from Cheeseburger, by the way.
Did Cheeseburger get fooled by the April Fool's joke or did he say?
He said he realized it was a fake.
He said it was.
Oh, okay.
I would think they would have to do better.
It wasn't quite epic in its level of failure, but it was, yeah.
I thought it was decent enough that it proves that Zelda can have a movie made out of it
and it doesn't have to suck.
I mean if they actually poured some money into it, it could be Lord of the Rings-ish
epic, but they'd have to put some money and some star power and some writing and all that
good stuff and some special effects into it.
What do you think, Rice Princess, being the big Zelda fan you are, do you think that they
could actually make a movie out of Zelda?
Of course they can.
They can make a movie out of anything.
I guess that's true.
They do sometimes.
They're not well, but yeah.
The trailer, like I said, it was okay.
I mean for what it was, an April Fool's joke, it was good.
For a real movie, no, I wouldn't watch it.
Nice.
Yeah.
They should do an animated one.
It would be cool.
Here's a crazy idea I've always had.
I think the sci-fi network, you know how they sometimes do those random mini-series like
they did the Wizard of Oz thing not that long ago, and they're kind of low budget, but they're
decent, right?
Like a Lifetime movie?
Yeah.
I think they should do like a mini-series adapting one of the Final Fantasy games.
It sure is boring around here.
Now, Squeenix would never ever let them do it, but I don't know, they should.
It would be kind of cool.
The Spirits Within sure as hell wasn't a Final Fantasy movie.
It was a good movie.
It just wasn't Final Fantasy.
As this J-100 Matt would like to remind us, they did make a movie out of Good Burger,
so why not a movie for Legend of Zelda?
That's a good point.
Okay.
I'm going to keep going, all right?
Yes.
Next email.
This is from J-Rod.
Hey, guys.
I was just wondering if any of you have heard any news on the TNA Impact game.
I'm a huge wrestling fan, and there are droves of us who have left McMahon's stale product
and have gotten behind TNA.
Needless to say, we were thrilled when we found out there was a TNA game being developed
by Midway.
Last time I saw anything on it, they had motion capture videos up online, and the release
date was supposed to be sometime in spring.
Well, spring is here, and I haven't seen any press, previews, marketing, or anything about
it.
Have you guys or anyone in chat heard anything about this game, because I will be really
upset if it gets delayed or canned.
Thanks and keep up the awesome job.
This email is sponsored by the Olive Garden, home of the never-ending salads and breadsticks.
June.
It's coming out in June.
Nice.
I don't follow wrestling stuff.
I'll get it if it has a custom mode in it, like a create a wrestler, because it's actually
the only fun thing I like about those games.
Oh, I didn't know this.
Sagan Chat says in response to my sci-fi network comment earlier, you do know that sci-fi was
in plans to make a Myst miniseries.
I did not know that, but that would be kind of rad.
Myst Online was interesting.
I'm kind of sad to see it go, but it took a lot of manpower to run that game, I think.
But Myst Online was creepy.
It was one of the creepiest MMOs I've ever played.
It made me think, what if Silent Hill was an MMO?
It would be like this.
That would be beautiful.
But then you'd have to take a psychological exam so it could bring up monsters based on
things out of your own psyche.
RocioUT would like to point out that Midway's website also lists the game being Summer 08.
There you have it.
Can I read the next email?
Next email!
It's freaking long, but I'm going to read it anyway.
And this email was sent by DidYouLoseASock.
No I didn't.
I didn't either.
They're in the house.
I'm not wearing them now.
I'm barefoot.
I'm naked.
My feet are naked.
Okay.
Next email.
I went to an advanced private screening of the movie Postal by Uwe Boll based off of
the video game of the same name, easily one of the worst films I have ever seen.
Uwe was at the screening and he was actually cool in real life.
Before showing the film, he talked about the reasons he made it and wanted to make a film
that he would like himself and did not care what critics or other people would think about
it and that's what he got.
He also commented on how the Will Ferrell and Adam Sandler movies are all the same and they
keep making them over and over again.
And about how the film 10,000 BC critics hated it 9% on Rotten Tomatoes, yet it made over
200 million worldwide because of the money put into the advertisements for the movie.
He also talked about how he is not the only one to do poor adaptations and pointed to
the films Electra and Catwoman.
Amen to that.
He talked about a few other problems with films in the film industry.
All the points he made were really great, but this film still sucked in the end.
Every religion and race he made fun of in this film, it was like a live action South
Park with crude humor and morals throughout.
Would the film have actually been good if everything was replaced with South Park characters?
Probably, but then again I think anything would be really funny if it was replaced by
South Park characters.
Is this film worth seeing?
It was so bad that some might find it good.
I might suggest this film over all those stupid spoof movies like Superhero Movie and Meet
the Spartans.
Ewey Bull in the past has boxed critics who would not like his films.
So after the film got over, of course, I did not like it, so I asked him to fake Punch
Me for a Photo, which he did and was a good sport about it.
Where I saw the film was a small private screening room that Ebert and Ripper and other media
people used to view films.
No major reporters were there, only smaller media outlets because of the status of the
film.
It was an amazing place and better than the film itself.
Spoiler warning!
Should I?
No one's going to see it.
Yeah, no one's going to see it.
I'm going to see it, but that's fine.
Here's the thing.
Reduce the volume on your iPod for about 15 seconds if you don't want to hear the spoiler.
The only slightly funny part in this film were Ewey Bull plays himself as a stereotypical
German dressed in lederhosen.
In the film he talks about how his films were funded by Nazi gold and then fights the creator
of Postal because he was mad at Ewey for ruining his game.
I give credit to someone who can make fun of themselves, and I think he included the
picture.
I'm trying to pull it up, but we did.
Nice.
There we go.
Very nice.
That's a good picture.
That's great.
That's a MySpace photo right there.
Wait, I got punched in the face by Ewey Bull.
Yeah, you should get that on a shirt.
You should actually print that on a shirt and say, I got punched in the face by Ewey
Bull.
Email.
Hold on real quick.
I got to say this comment from Black Wolf.
Black Wolf says, did you lose the sock in charity?
He's in chat, so have him link the photo.
Black Wolf says this, Ewey Bull stated in an interview that he knows about the petition
to get him to stop doing anything in movies.
It has 18,000 signatures.
He says that's not enough.
He says he'll consider leaving the industry if that petition gets one million signatures.
So what is more important, Loki as Tingle or Ewey Bull not in the film industry anymore?
You have a better chance of getting him to leave the film industry than me to dress up
as Tingle.
Oh, snap.
Because at least signatures don't cost anything.
That's true.
True that.
Last email.
Last email.
Hi, OLR.
I'm a loyal podcast listener and wanted to tell you how much I like your show.
Well, thank you.
Your show makes me happy and Loki's runs always make me laugh.
In fact, you guys make me laugh so much that I've gotten used to awkward steers in public.
Thanks for making such a great show and please keep it up.
This is from Able to Think.
There's more.
P.S.
Dark Sakura, I know how much you love treasure, so I thought I'd let you know that the bleach
fighting game on DS is made by them.
Ooh.
P.P.S.
An interesting question.
I'd like to hear your answers.
A woman while at the funeral of her mother met a man who she did not know.
She thought he was amazing.
She believed him to be her dream partner so much that she fell in love with him right
then and there but never asked for his phone number or address and could not find him after
the funeral.
A few days later, she killed her sister.
So the question.
What was the woman's motive for killing her sister?
Now think about it.
Why would you think that she would kill her sister?
I don't know.
Do I care?
Anybody?
Dr. Phil made her do it.
I'm sorry.
I wasn't listening.
So she can see the guy again?
Okay.
Answer.
She was hoping the man would appear again at her sister's funeral.
If you answer this correctly, you think like a psychopath.
Oh, I've heard that thing before.
This was a test used by a famous American psychologist to test if someone has the same
mentality as a killer.
Several incarcerated serial killers took part in the test and all answered the question
correctly.
If you didn't answer the question correctly, good for you.
If you gave the correct answer, please let me know so I can keep an eye on you.
And then like when they're interviewing someone, so what was the motive?
I don't know.
And then they stabbed him in the face.
Let me tell you about my mother.
Or you could just be good at logical deduction.
You don't have to think like a psychopath.
You can just think it out.
That was the last email, right?
Yes.
That was the last email.
By the way, kids, we have a list list coming up tonight.
Things Live 365 could do to get us to stay.
I need everybody in studio to do a list of three things.
But there's too many, we only can only do five.
Yeah, I figured that much.
So Irene and Nathan, you guys can combine a list.
So think a list of three things, things Live 365 could do to get us to stay.
Does anybody need cards to write things down?
Because I have little cards.
Yes.
I would like a card, Rob.
Here you go.
Here's a card.
Here you go.
Thank you very much.
There you go.
Do you have a pen or a pencil?
You can borrow mine, but you've got to give them both.
Oh, we have a pencil.
Okay, good.
Never mind.
But thank you very much, Rob.
This is great radio, by the way.
I know.
I'm trying to fill time.
Back to the news, please.
All right.
I was going to say this is finally launched, but guess what?
N-Gage is back, bitches.
That's right.
The N-Gage application has finally launched.
And it is compatible with Nokia's N81, N81 8 gigabyte, N82, N95, N95 8 gigabyte phones.
And there are five games right now currently available for it, Brain Challenge, System
Rush Evolution, and World Series of Poker, and I guess two other ones.
And then all the other games, or all the games it gets offered free trials, and then can
be purchased straight from a computer once you create an N-Gage account.
And some new games coming at some point, Worms World Party, and Sims 2 Pets, and of course
Tetris.
I don't know.
I guess that's kind of neat.
Maybe?
No?
Chirp, chirp.
Chirp, chirp.
I mean, it is the N-Gage.
Quick poll.
We're going to do a quick poll in chat right now, okay?
I just want you guys to answer with yes or no.
Do you care about the N-Gage?
Chat room, answer now.
No.
We'll do this next story.
Do you care about the N-Gage?
That is the whole chat room.
All right, let's see.
Spoken on behalf of them.
I'm just going to see while I read this next story.
This is something people might care about.
Saints Row 2 is coming out on August 26th.
Are you excited about this, Loki?
Fuck yeah.
Xbox 360 and PlayStation 3.
This was announced at the THQ Gamer's Day, which was in San Francisco earlier this week.
We get invited to those fuckers.
Yeah, we never do.
There is a Saints Row 2 website now up and running.
It's at saintsrow.com.
Not saintsrow2.com, it's saintsrow.com.
And the timing of it is between Grand Theft Auto IV and Christmas, so it's a pretty good
time.
We have it, Saints Row 2, August 26th, which is about two years after the game originally
came out, I think.
Loki is probably already pre-ordered.
I will be buying this for sure, which is kind of cool, though.
They have a whole set of trailers that they're starting to run.
I know you can view them on IGN and probably some other places, with Uncle Gary talking
about different aspects of the game that are new to Saints Row 2.
And of course, for those who aren't aware, Uncle Gary is Gary Busey, so it is pretty
funny.
But there are some new things, especially if you've been reading any of the previews
on there.
There's sticky satchel charges that you can throw on people and detonate them remotely,
and then you can actually throw people in this game.
And there's different taunts you can do, including, I believe you can teabag someone in this game.
Lovely.
Here's the results of our quick poll.
Do you care about the engage?
Here we go.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No Industry.
No.
No.
Yes.
Kinda.
Yes.
No.
No.
The what?
Yes, it's a no.
No.
No.
No.
Uh, blackwolf clarifies his kindness, saying, Some of the games I saw for the new Engage
platform had some neat ideas.
So kinda.
And lastly as Mae Satsuma says, the only N-Gage I care about was the one from Star Trek The
Next Generation.
No, God, why?
You love that joke, right?
Chat comment of the night, I love it.
That's my favorite.
You win.
So there you have it.
The results of the quick poll.
I answered the poll, too.
Live radio is awesome.
Yes, it is.
What did you say, Dark Sagra?
Pod may know.
All right, look.
Story please, Dark Sagra.
OK, OK, OK.
Oh yeah, it would help if I actually could find it.
OK, there we go.
Gran Turismo PSP, who cares?
OK, some people do.
It's actually delayed until 2009, yeah.
It should be noted that it's actually called Duke Nukem Forever's Gran Turismo for the
PSP.
I call it, you know, you've got prologue, I guess?
Doesn't matter.
Yeah, it's funny, though, because they were showing this thing off, like, I want to see
before the PSP came out.
Wasn't it one of the things that they were saying, hey, yeah, it's going to be so awesome.
Yeah, I thought they were talking about Ridge Racer, though.
Didn't happen.
Oh, well, so sad.
So something that may happen, it's interesting, actually, apparently we're not the only people
out there that sent out stories that later retracted, IGN had some interesting stuff.
It happens to the best of us.
IGN had a few things.
First, their story about a game called Skate It coming out for the DS and the Wii, that's
right, that's a version of the game put out by EA that will be coming to the Nintendo
platforms.
No word on when exactly it will be coming out, of course, the information was very brief,
but they did say that, you know, they were talking about using, of course, the Wii remote
motion control for the game and stuff like that, but then later, they retracted that
and actually pulled the entire story.
But thanks to the magic of Google cache, you can actually still view that article.
And you know what's better than spoiling one game?
Spoiling two games, because IGN did the same damn thing with an upcoming Batman game.
The story was pulled.
There was not a lot of details on the game, it was pretty much, I guess, just a generic
kind of blank page that just indicated there was a Batman game coming, but, you know, you
could probably put two and two together and figure that it was a Dark Knight adaptation.
And keep in mind, Pandemic is the company that made Destroy All Humans and Mercenaries
and Pandemic was the company that was slated to make this Batman game.
So what do you think of that?
The folks making Destroy All Humans and making Batman?
It could be okay, Destroy All Humans has kind of been lost its edge since, like, the first
games lost its edge, but Mercenaries 2 looks fucking awesome.
I had a friend that worked on that.
It's interesting though, here's what they had, actually someone had copied this from
the Neo GAF forums, it said, never one to turn down a good movie tie-in, by the way,
of a brand new video game.
IGN has learned that EA has indeed tapped Pandemic to create a new Batman title.
We first reported this as a strong rumor back in May of 2007, but now we know it's happening
for sure.
Elevation Partners, who were owners of Pandemic and BioWare until the EA purchase had gained
the video game rights to the franchise, we rumored last year that EA would publish the
title, but now EA owns the aforementioned companies and the publishing aspect was a
given.
Unfortunately we don't have any specific platform, a release date, or even an official title,
but given EA's history, we'd expect a game to be called The Dark Knight released this
July alongside the film, and to hit just about every platform known to humankind.
I can tell you right now it's probably not coming out in July, but as you say it seems
a bit late, but if they are developing something like that, it could also come out around the
release of the movie on DVD.
That's what I'm thinking, more DVD Blu-ray time.
Which would be around the fourth quarter I'd imagine.
Probably Christmas.
But I don't even know if that would make it in time, if it's not in development.
I'm curious to see how they would tastefully handle the whole Heath Ledger thing.
Well, EA actually did the last Batman game I think, so it makes sense.
Some of the Batman games really kick ass, like the old school Batman on the NES was
one of the best games.
Oh that was fun.
That was one of the best games on the NES.
Heck yeah.
Batman Returns was kind of wonky.
I didn't play it.
First Batman was pretty awesome.
Yeah.
So.
Again.
There are good movie adaptation games once in a great, great while.
Okay.
List list coming up.
I hope you guys have your list soon.
It's coming right up after one more story, which is Jamie's story.
Yes it is.
Samsung is bringing different games out for their smartphones and one of them is Second
Life.
So basically they're actually showing it, the CTIA wireless thing that was going on
where you can access it using the smartphones and, you know, talk through a text in SMS.
So it said that they want to launch it in the second half of this year.
All righty.
It's going to be interesting though if you can have that crack with you where it's Furries
Portable is what it is.
Right Drew?
Furries Portable.
All right.
Okay.
Here's the deal guys.
We're going to play a little game.
We have been playing since our first couple episodes here on Live 365 right on down to
the very last episode on Live 365.
It's a segment we call Listless.
Tonight's Listless.
The topic is things Live 365 could do to get us to stay.
It's been a little while since we've done Listless.
It's at least been a few months.
Some of our games only show up once every few months.
Here's the deal.
This is that we're going to go around the room and each person is going to name their
top three, one at a time, things that Live 365 could do to get us to stay.
Is everybody done with their list?
If anyone is still in need of suggestions, chat room, you can try to influence us now.
If you have a good idea for things Live 365 could do to get us to stay, start posting
those suggestions in chat now and maybe a host or a guest will pick up on it.
But then after the list is made, so we'll get a big list that has one, two, three, four,
and fifteen things on it, then we're going to go around and we each take one thing off
the list.
We vote something off the list.
It's off the island, okay?
No more.
So it's off the list and then the chat room will take that list of ten and vote on their
favorite and we will come up with a definitive list of things Live 365 could do to get us
to stay.
Participating tonight, DarkSakura, myself, Loki, Drew, and so that we don't have too
many people, Bryce Princess and SilentNathan, I think it's going to be his new name, Silent
Bob, SilentNathan, are going to be combined as one person because they're a couple and
you can do that to couples.
Oh my God, that's so cute.
Aw, what do you think of that, SilentNathan?
That's what I thought.
All right.
I'm just giving him a hard time.
It's because his girlfriend hogs the mic.
All right.
What do you mean?
I don't hog the mic.
You shut up now.
All right, here we go.
Let's start off the list.
We'll start tonight with Drew.
What is your number three thing that Live 365 could do to get us to stay?
Ferret radio, all ferret all the time.
All ferret radio, all ferret all the time.
I don't know if I've ever fucking listened to that, but it might work.
All right, all ferret radio, Bryce Princess and SilentNathan, your number three pick.
Provide the studio via Irene a unicorn.
Provide the studio a unicorn via Irene.
Oh, that's the important part of House of Beatle and Yuck.
I like that idea.
Me too.
I think a unicorn would be fun.
It would be great.
I think that would give me a stay.
I'd stay with Live 365 if they gave me a unicorn and leave like six months later, but you know.
What do you have, the unicorn?
Do I have to feed it?
I hope they provide food too.
I'm pretty sure unicorns are like self-sufficient because they're like magical and shit.
Unicorns eat children.
Yeah, see?
We've got millions of them here.
All right, let's see what happens.
I'm just curious what Bobby Blackwolf thinks of this whole segment.
I'm seeing if he suggested anything because, you know, it could change.
We may have to pull out of the deal if Live 365 is able to provide a unicorn, we might
have to pull out.
Well, let's see what some of the other things are on the list.
Dark Soccer, we'll go to you next.
Number three, your number three pick.
Pay for me to relocate to England.
Just you?
Yes.
Okay, me and the people of my choice.
Okay, sorry, I am slow.
I'm typing as we do this here, so it takes me a minute.
All right, sorry, filler.
Thank you.
Irene, sing.
When we need little filler, you need to sing, okay?
I can dance, I can sing.
Well, that's why we have the theme music too, so there's something to listen to.
Me, your number three pick.
I would like Ken Kutaragi's heart on a platter.
Kalima!
Kalima!
I'm sorry, we can't do that.
We're out of platters.
That's sick.
You're sick.
I bet you got that serial killer question right.
Ken Kutaragi's heart on a platter.
Oh, God.
Lawsuit in the air.
All right, sue Live 365.
Don't sue us.
All right.
Obviously, he's joking.
All right.
Oh, I love what the chat room suggests.
I'm going to read that later after what we get here.
All right.
My number three thing.
Here it is.
The number three thing Live 365 could do to get us to stay.
Force compile to reform and make a sequel to the guardian legend.
Yes.
Dot com.
If Live 365 wants us to stay, they will force compile to get back together and make a sequel
to the guardian legend.
I don't know.
At gunpoint.
However, they have to do it.
But that's the only way we're staying.
All right.
Here we go.
The number two way that Live 365 can get us to stay.
We'll start with Drew.
Make tuner software that doesn't suck.
Make tuner software that doesn't suck.
Radio 365, I'm looking at you.
Why do you think that I was using the Sam 2 broadcaster?
All right.
Nice.
Irene and Silent Nathan, what is the number three, I'm sorry, number two thing that Live
365 could do to get us to stay?
Blow jobs for everyone.
That was my number one answer.
My number one was blow me.
Now I'm going to have to change that you asshole.
That's okay.
I'm stealing a great one from Chet.
All right.
Let's see.
Dark Sakura, you're number two.
My number two, that would be to pay me $100,000 a year to do Warren Jones radio.
That's a nice salary.
By me, I mean us each.
Okay.
Us each.
Pay $100,000 a year.
And guests get like $5,000 a visit.
An appearance.
All right.
They get to touch us.
They get royalties.
All right.
That's actually your number two thing that Live 365 could do to get us to stay.
I was going to say, give me the motherfucking movie check, but because we didn't do a movie,
motherfucking radio check.
I guess that kind of is the same thing as what she said.
Is that a reference?
All right.
Here's mine.
Here's mine.
Okay.
Pay us $200,000 a year to do Orson Trejo.
That was actually my original number three.
I'm serious.
Lovely.
All right.
Pay $200,000 a year to do Orson Trejo immediately followed by pay $200,000 a year to do Orson
Trejo.
Beautiful.
Number two thing from my list that Live 365 could do to get us to stay.
Heal my pancreas.
They could do that with a unicorn.
We need to play you the Weird Al song over and over and over again until your pancreas
go, okay, fine.
Heal my pancreas.
The number two thing that Live 365 could do to get us to stay.
All right, yeah, Dark Sakura, heal please.
Bite my ass, please.
I'm in battle, dammit.
Here we go.
It's down to the number ones on our list.
Drew, your number one thing that Live 365 could do to get us to stay.
Give Jamie a cookie.
Ooh, I like cookies.
Give Jamie a cookie.
How about give Jamie pastrami?
I like pastrami better.
All right.
Oh, give Jamie a pastrami cookie.
All right, Rice Princess and Silent Nathan, did you come to a consensus?
What is your number one thing that Live 365 could do to get you to stay?
This is a complete consensus between me and Irene.
Go back in time and make Rob not retarded so that he'll vote for Chrono Trigger.
Referencing tonight's bonus segment, we were talking about OLR March Madness just so the
podcast listeners know, I cast the deciding vote between Super Metroid and Chrono Trigger.
So all right, I have to shorten that though for the sake of pencil space to make Rob vote
for Chrono Trigger.
No, you don't.
No, no, no.
You can type that all out, Rob.
You leave that intact, Mr. Rob.
Hold on.
You better sing.
All right, good enough, I put go back in time and make Rob not retarded and vote for Chrono
Trigger.
All right, Dark Sakura, your number one thing on the list.
Not a damn thing they've done fucked up.
Good answer.
I think that's our winner right there.
Not a damn thing they've done fucked up.
That's Dark Sakura's number one answer.
Loki, your number one answer.
I was going to go with George Fore and the Full Cow Grilling Machine.
Oh, you mean the PS3?
This isn't my choice.
I'm sure this is for the chat room because I sure as hell wouldn't want to see this happen,
but purchase one million copies of the Eye of Judgment.
Somebody check this man for a fever.
God damn it.
I was going to steal, you ass.
All right, then put in George Fore and Full Cow Grilling Machine.
No, it's too late.
You said purchase one million copies of Eye of Judgment is Loki's number one.
All right, so if Life is Five purchases one million copies of Eye of Judgment, then we'll
stay and we'll have much LOL with it.
All right, my number one, my number one would be the thing that Life is Five could do to
get us to stay.
Buy us a George Foreman Full Cow Grilling Machine.
There you go.
If you might remember, I think the last time we did this was for the Consumer Electronics
Show, Things We Most Want to See at Consumer Electronics Show.
One of the answers was buy us a George Foreman Full Cow Grilling Machine that actually grills
the entire cow.
I don't know if that one.
Buy us a George Foreman Full Cow Grilling Machine that actually grills the entire cow
and cures the leather.
All right, here it is, the list of 15 as it is so far.
All Ferret Radio, provide a unicorn via Irene, pay for dark soccer and the people of her
choice to go to England, Ken Kutaragi's heart on a platter, force a sequel to the guardian
legend, make tuner software that doesn't suck, blow jobs for everyone, pay $100,000 a year
to do OLR, pay $200,000 a year to do OLR, heal Rob's pancreas, gift Jamie a cookie,
go back in time and make Rob not retarded and vote for Chrono Trigger, not a damn thing,
they done fucked up, purchase 1 million copies of Eye of Judgment and buy us a George Foreman
Full Cow Grilling Machine.
Damn it, this is hard.
This is a good list.
I thought this would be kind of a dumb segment tonight, but we did a good job.
Do you really have to remove some?
That's the game, I'm sorry to say.
All right, we're going to go the same way.
Drunami, we'll start with you, which one of these items is not worthy of the list?
The $100,000 a year.
I knew someone had to do that.
Pay $100,000 a year to do OLR is off the list.
All right, Rice Princess and Silent Nathan, which of these is not worthy of the list?
Pay $200,000 a year.
Damn, throw the baby out with a bath water, there they go.
It's not like money or something.
I put it in there that's paying $5,000 each minute.
Nathan's more interested in blowjobs for everyone, all right?
All right, who's next?
Dark Sakura, which of these is not worthy of the list?
All Ferret Radio.
All Ferret Radio.
Because we have that anyway.
Fucking mommy.
Loki, which of these is not worthy of the list?
I know this is going to sound weird, but blowjobs for everyone, because who knows who's giving
those blowjobs?
That could be some scary shit.
Yeah, have you ever watched Cat House Girls?
No.
This could be some scary stuff.
It could be Air Force, Amy.
All right, my turn.
We have Provide a Unicorn, Pay for Dark Sakura to go to England, Ken Kuroi, He's Hard on
a Platter, Force the Sequel to Guardian Legend, Make Tuner Software Doesn't Suck, Heal Rob's
Pancreas, Give Jamie a Cookie, Go Back in Time, Make Me Vote for Chrono Trigger, Not
a Damn Thing, Purchase One Many Copies of Eye Judgment, and Buy Us George Foreman Full
Cow Girly Machine, the one I deem not worthy of the list, Ken Kudaragi's Heart on a Platter,
because that's kind of sick.
Here is the list that you in chat can vote for.
You're going to send me, Sky, a private message in chat with your top two in order.
It's important because your first pick actually gets two votes, okay?
Here is the list as it stands, and I'm about to paste a big thing into chat, so brace yourselves.
Here we go.
As Rob gets kicked from chat.
No, I won't get kicked from chat, okay?
Here we go.
Here is the list as it stands.
Provide a Unicorn via Irene, Pay for Dark Sakura and the people of her choice to go
to England, Force the Sequel to the Guardian Legend, Make Tuner Software That Doesn't Suck,
Deal Rob's Pancreas, Give Jamie a Cookie, Go Back in Time and Make Rob Not Retarded
and Vote for Chrono Trigger, Not a Damn Thing, They've Done Fucked Up, Purchase One Million
Copies of the Eye of Judgment and Buy Us a George Foreman Full Cow Girly Machine.
It is time to vote and make our list.
Remember, two votes.
Private message to Sky.
We'll have the answers just before tonight's edition of Ask Orange Lounge, which is our
substitute for the Skype line tonight.
In the meantime, more stories and I will start it off with a little story about Pinball FX.
And Jamie did touch on this a little bit earlier in part A, but there is a Rocky and Boinkle
table on the way to Pinball FX.
It's going to cost you 200 Microsoft points and apparently it is available now.
I'm going to have to get it.
Here's the thing though, it is not the Data East original.
That's why I have to get it.
So it is apparently though not too shabby.
It's got ramps, mini games, and it is a Rocky and Boinkle game.
You get Boris, Natasha, Moose and Squirrel.
You get it all.
It's all right there.
So that came out on April 3rd.
So I didn't even realize that it had come out this week, but that was one of the days
I was in the hospital.
So I must have missed it.
Wait.
So do you get all the Mr. Peabody and stuff too?
Yes.
Mr. Peabody, Sherman.
They're all in there.
Really?
I have to tell you a bit of trivia though about the Data East machine.
The picture of the Wayback machine, right next to it is the DeLorean from Back to the
Future on the play field.
Awesome.
Nice.
All right.
I'm going to have to check that out.
I didn't realize that had come out, but I do have Pinball FX and I would like some more
tables for it.
So I'm definitely going to check that out.
So I'm glad we do this show because I missed a lot of gaming news while I was out.
All right.
Let's move on with the gaming news.
We are tallying some votes.
Oh, that would be my turn, wouldn't it?
I think so.
Well, there is a talk about a game called Velociraptor Safari coming out to the iPhone.
And you know what?
As much as I appreciate iPhone gaming and what they're doing with it, I don't think
I would find it in my heart to play Velociraptor Safari.
Fuck that shit.
Bring us Jambo Safari.
Bring us Jambo Safari.
You haven't played Velociraptor Safari then?
It's fun.
Is it?
How fun is it?
Do you get to kill them?
Yes.
You have a giant spiky chain.
I will kill a Velociraptor.
You have a spiky chain that you catch the Velociraptor with and you have to pull them
through a portal type thing.
This is like Jambo Safari with Velociraptors.
It's actually, it's a web game, of course, and what they did is made the client compatible
with the iPhone.
This is flasher as hell.
No cost to you, which is awesome.
Well, maybe I'll have to give it a go.
Maybe.
I don't know.
I'm too busy listening to American Idol on YouTube.
Well, there is some new developments now in the world of PS3 piracy.
Unfortunately, there is now a PS3 backup launcher.
The problem is though, it's still in alpha and it only works on PS3 dev stations, but
what it allows you to do is boot PS3 games from the hard drive, boot games from a DVD
or Blu-ray disc drive, copy original PS3 games from said optical drive to the hard drive,
and patch executables on some games to run from the hard drive.
So I don't know, it's a matter of time, I guess, before this becomes as vulnerable as
say the PSP, which isn't good.
But I can imagine though that a lot of people probably wouldn't want to copy a 50 gig game
to their hard drive.
That would probably suck.
All right.
Sorry, I'm in the middle of tallying votes.
We had a lot of votes tonight, by the way.
If you want to vote, this is your last chance to vote in tonight's list list, things Live
365 could do to get us to stay.
One more story before we get to some last minute stories.
I figured this would be an appropriate story since OLR is always dedicated to giving you
the current in gaming news and staying on top of what's going on in the scene.
There are new prototypes for the Atari 7800.
That's right.
You can actually download them, the ROMs, you can get them at Atariage.com.
There's a game called Sirius.
It's a side scrolling shooter that's kind of like R-Type and Gradius.
For the 7800, it's not bad.
Plutos is a vertically scrolling shooter, it's not quite as ambitious as Sirius according
to the poster at LostLevels.org where this is found, but it's still not bad, and Rampart,
which apparently is some type of port of the arcade game that I quite enjoyed Rampart back
when...
Yeah, remember that game?
They ported it to a lot of systems.
Apparently there was a prototype for the 7800 that never quite got off the ground.
So there you have it.
I actually have a couple 5200 prototypes.
Like actual cartridges or just ROMs?
Well, the remakes like that that they did.
I have a couple of them.
I always wanted to pick up one of those flashback consoles.
I think they're kind of fun.
I might still pick one up, but they don't have Activision games in there, do they?
I'm going to get made fun of by Irene for this, but I don't care.
I think they have an Activision one.
My favorite Atari 2600 game of all time, next, well, there's two, is Pitfall 2 is the first,
but the other one is Kaboom.
Why would I make fun of you?
You should make fun of me for everything.
If it was Burger Time, then I would laugh.
I do love Burger Time, but not quite as much as Kaboom.
All right, Loki, do you have any last minute stories?
I hope you do, because I still got votes to tally, so we're going to get into the last
minute stories right now.
Then we're going to do Ask Orange Lounge tonight, a special Skype segment.
Yes, as actually, well, we touched on it a little bit earlier, yeah, One Million Signatures
and Oovil's Career, hooray.
Somebody for some reason, I don't know why, but there's a picture on Xbox 360 fanboy of
a Master Chief My Little Pony that someone made, and it's kind of weird looking.
That creeps me out.
Gives me nightmares.
It's very creepy.
There's also some videos on Xbox 360 fanboy of the new download content for Burnout Paradise,
actually, and that's also available on the developer's website, CriterionGames.com.
They have a thing on there for that.
Let's see here, there's also, this was another one of the April Fool's jokes that was out
there, Super Pee Pee Brothers, it was from ThinkGeek.com, they did the thing that the
Wii remote would kind of fit into this, almost like a jockstrap or panty thing that you would
put on, and some strap-on thing and you would pee into toilets, so that's kind of funny.
And then, GamesRadar.com has a list of the top counterfeit games, those are like the
independent sequels, prequels, custom games, etc.
On the list, Halo Zero, which was a side-scrolling version of Halo that someone created that
looks pretty cool, they also had some other stuff, Black Mesa, which I think is a remake
of Half-Life 1 and the Half-Life 2 engine, and there was also a Sonic game, Super Mario
Brothers Revenge of Bowser, that looks pretty neat, kind of in the style of, what is it,
looks like, not Lost Levels, I don't remember, yeah, Mario 3, and then they also have Paper
Bowser World, Paper Bowser World Operation Grom, those are two full games that are done
kind of similar to Super Paper Mario, and then Neo Sonic Universe, which looks kind
of cool, kind of a brand new side-scrolling Sonic game, of course the Metroid 2 remake,
which now has a playable demo work-in-progress thing you can test out, and then finally Chrono
Resurrection, which of course you may remember got cancelled, it was the full 3D remake of
Chrono Trigger.
And I think what should be added to the list, they have that new Mario game that someone
was making that was a mash-up of Halo, Mega Man, and all that stuff, that should probably
be added to the list, but if you go check out the article, which is on Dig right now
and is also on GamesRadar.com, they have links to, well, most of those games that you can
download, of course not Chrono Resurrection, because only the devs get to play that one.
And then I've got to import this game, Momo World War II, it's like chicks and Nazi chicks
in bikinis or something, done anime style, it's a sexy Nazi anime girl game, I don't know,
that sounds pretty awesome.
Alright, are you guys ready to figure out who won tonight's listless segment?
Why not?
Alright, let's reveal the winners tonight.
Who's Li3CC5 could do to get us to stay the definitive list as voted by you, the chatters
created by us, the hosts and guests.
Here it is, the number three thing that Li3CC5 could do to get us to stay, provide us a unicorn
via Irene.
Number three?
Unicorns can do anything, that should have been number one, it would have made all the
other dreams come true, but I won't mope, I'm okay.
At number two, we have a tie, at number two we have a tie, number two, buy us a George
Foreman full cow grilling machine, is more important than the unicorn, how about a George
Foreman unicorn grilling machine?
No!
Punch your face.
And not a damn thing, they done fucked up.
That was number two.
For number two, I was number two, I was surprised too, but then I looked at what was number
one and I wasn't surprised at all, the number one thing that Li3CC5 could do to get us to
stay, purchase one million copies of the Eye of Judgment, big surprise, and settle this
bet once and for all.
You do realize, of course, that Jamie does not get a cookie now?
That's okay, I can't have a cookie.
You know what?
Actually, um, let's see, Heal Rob's pancreas would have been fourth and then give Jamie
a cookie would have been fifth.
I don't want a cookie.
Alright.
You know what?
When I come up here to do the show the day after my birthday, I want banana pudding.
Isn't it nice to want?
Or carrot cake.
Those are my demands.
Alright, before we get into our special Skype segment tonight, I'm actually opening this
up real quick for someone specific to give us a call here, someone that wanted to get
through tonight, an OLR blast from the past who wanted to say some final words about Li3CC5,
so just got to wait for that to come in.
I know who it is.
You should be scared a little bit, actually.
I'm just waiting for that call to come in.
Are you going to call any person?
I know who you are.
I told them to get by their phone.
If I see a call from somebody else pop up, I'm going to be pissed.
Any other last minute stories you might have by chance?
Log in chat track really quick.
Nah, that Nazi bean pursuit girl game looks weird.
It does look weird.
You are right.
Alright.
Oh, look!
We have a call.
Hi!
This is Orange Launch Radio.
Who's this?
This is Rob.
And yes, what would you like to say?
I would like to say that I am very sick because my pre-care is hot.
Hey, this is Extifer.
How's it going?
Hi!
Oh my god, Extifer?
I'm fine, even though you're an asshole.
So what's up, Extifer?
Oh, I'm doing pretty well and you?
I am.
Well, my pancreas hurts a little bit, yeah.
That's alright.
You should stop letting Irene punch you in the pancreas.
I'm going to do that, actually.
No, that's never going to happen.
Extifer, you used to do a show here on our station, our little network here on Live3CC5.
We already canceled your show once and now we're leaving from Live3CC5 altogether.
Does that make you sad?
Yeah, actually.
I was really sad when I couldn't do the show anymore because I live in another city now
and it's hard for me to get over there to do any type of programming anyway, so we kind
of ended, at least with me, it kind of ended a long time ago, but yeah, it does make me
sad that we don't have the opportunity to do it again, I guess, unless there's an opportunity
in the future.
What did you think of tonight's list list, though, with the ways that Live3CC5 could
get us to stay?
Do you agree or is there something else that you would have put on the list?
Oh, I'm all for the cow and the George Farm and Grill.
Sounds good, huh?
Well, actually...
I'm like, you know, get me a cow, put it on the grill.
I am like, you know, meat central.
That's all I can think about.
Oh, my.
Did he just say, I am meat central?
I think he did.
He did.
He said, I am meat central.
Yeah, I am meat central.
Is my connection breaking up because I feel like the connection is breaking up?
No, it's just a little laggy, but that's OK.
We're going to wrap up because we want to get to some real calls.
Just kidding.
Oh, snap.
I'm a fake call.
But I just want to ask you real quickly, do you have any parting words?
I mean, it's not that we won't ever have you on All Games, our new home, but do you have
any parting words for Live3CC5?
No, I'm about ready to go bleach my asshole.
So that's it.
All right.
All right.
Have a good one.
Bye, Extover.
All right.
Have a good synchronous.
All right.
You, too.
Bye.
Bye, Extover.
We love you.
And your asshole.
That's what we should have put on the list.
Live3CC5 has to bleach Extover's asshole.
Yeah.
Oh, God.
Oh, my God.
No.
Ew.
All right.
All right.
Here's the deal for tonight's Skype line.
We're going to open it up, but with some boundaries tonight.
Tonight, you can state your name, and you get to ask us a question, okay?
But if you try to do anything else, like you'd start ranting about Jack Voldemort or whatever,
then you're getting cut off, because tonight, we want to bring back for one last time on
Live3CC5, Ask Orange Lounge.
You ready, Jamie?
This is for you.
Let's ask Orange Lounge some stupid question.
What will we find out this week on Orange Lounge Radio?
Don't forget to call us right now on the Skype line, but if you talk too much, we're hanging
up on your asks.
We can do that.
We're the hosts.
All right.
1-877-GAME-OLR.
If we don't get enough calls, then we'll, I don't know, we'll beg and plead for stuff
from chat.
All right.
Here we go.
All right.
Call her.
You're on Orange Lounge Radio.
State your name.
Um, Legend of Zaku.
State your question, Legend of Zaku.
All right.
Basically, I know it's been like five and a half years and everything, but do you have
any regrets, any regrets at all of the journey you've taken so far?
I'll start with Dark Zaku.
Ladies first.
I regret letting Andrew tell jokes.
Loki?
I regret it too.
I regret ever doing an impression of Tingle's voice.
I'm surprised you didn't say I didn't regret ever buying karaoke revolution.
I bet.
All right.
Too late.
Rice Princess?
Drew?
Anything?
I regret nothing.
Wow.
That's really fucking, I mean, freaking loud.
I told you.
Drew?
If you say I regret.
That's more than the question.
All right.
Hearts.
Here's the thing though.
The only thing I regret, I'm going to be honest, not doing this sooner.
I have to admit.
I think we could have done something like this a little while ago, but I'm excited about
the changes and stuff and everything happens for a reason.
I regret not coming to the studio sooner.
All right.
Next call.
We're waiting for one.
Sure.
Sure.
All right.
Here we go.
Here we go.
We're getting another call.
Hi.
Caller.
State your name.
Hello?
Lone Vacationer.
Hello, Lone Vacationer.
State your question, please.
Yes, Rob.
I was wondering why you had to be so retarded for Metroid instead of Chrono Trigger.
The sad thing is the podcast listeners aren't going to get this because they didn't hear
the bonus statement tonight.
I voted for Super Metroid because I believe it to be the greatest video game of all time.
Look, as much as I love Chrono Trigger, I loved the Final Fantasy series just a little
bit more.
The battles got annoying to me in Chrono Trigger.
I don't know what it was, but it did have a good story.
I respect Chrono Trigger as a game, but as far as Super Metroid, it was the music.
It was the fact that it was a game that you could sit down and beat in one sitting, but
it felt like there was so much you could do.
You could play it where you collect everything.
You could play it where you explore everything.
You could play it to speed beat it.
All of those things were accessible to a normal person.
Usually it takes a hobbyist to speed play through a game and stuff, but just with the
items and everything.
It's just a game I remember very much in my memory.
So there you have it.
See the caller knew not to say anything else because that would be more than a question.
Let's get to another call here on Orange Lounge Radio.
Hello, you're on Orange Lounge Radio.
Ask Orange Lounge.
State your name.
The name is Rama.
Hello, Rama.
Please, state your question.
My question is, to everyone, your greatest or favorite moment on Live 365?
Oh shit, this is going to be a hard one.
Oh my God, there's so much.
You can't say it though because that would be more than a question, but you could private
message it to me in chat and I might read it.
DarkSakura, what was your favorite moment in all of Live 365's history?
Leaving it.
Yes, answer ever.
Loki.
The Live 365 Awards, were they forgot... Oh my God, do I have a clip of that?
I think I do.
Oh my God.
Let me find a clip of that.
Oh God, that's the best thing to go out on was when they fucking forgot our name at the
Live 365 Awards.
I hope we have that somewhere.
I'm going to dig through this.
Rice Princess, Drew, do you have anything?
Episode 69, the whole thing.
It's the whole thing.
That was a pretty classic episode, I got to say.
Oh God, I hope we can find that.
It's got to be in there somewhere.
I think... I know where it is.
It was sent to me as a file.
I know this is live radio, but guys, if you've never heard this, it is so fucking worth it.
Oh wait, I have another one.
What?
Oh, crap.
What?
Nothing.
Okay.
Did I delete it on accident?
Oh God, I did not.
Oh Rob, how could you?
I hope you did.
It would be terrible.
Well, briefly explain for the listeners what that was about.
Loki, what happened?
So we got nominated for most unlikely to hear on like terrestrial...
Hold on, let me see if this is it.
No, that's something else.
It's like a... Why do I have a Kylie Minogue song in there?
God, I'm gay.
It's like most unlikely to hear on radio or something like that, which is weird because
they have like 80 stations and we have a ton of 80 stations around here, but we won that.
And...
No, we didn't win.
We got nominated for it.
Oh, we got nominated.
I'm sorry.
We didn't win that.
We got nominated and they forgot to even mention our names.
Yeah, they were reading the nominees off an envelope and they completely left us off.
And we were in the back going, hey, because it's really funny, you can hear it on the
recording.
Oh God, I wish I still had it.
I'm going to be really sad if I can't find it.
It would be for Afterbirth maybe?
No, because I want the podcast people to hear it too.
I did find this.
Oh, nevermind.
I can't do that one.
It's too long.
Oh.
All right, I'll play this.
You remember this sound clip?
Here's an old sound clip.
This is Tom Brokaw on the West Coast fixing the word bukkake.
This is the edited version that they aired on the West Coast.
This is actually a clip from Howard Stern, but it was so funny here on the show when
they played it.
Moscow tonight.
Two Russian planes carrying a total of more than 100 people crashed almost simultaneously
today.
The first crash happened in Buchalki.
That's about 110 miles south of Moscow.
Okay.
That's not the funny way.
That's not right.
That ain't right.
People on the West Coast got gypped of hearing bukkake.
Tom.
In this report out of Moscow tonight, two Russian planes carrying a total of more than
100 people crashed almost simultaneously today.
The first crash happened in Buchalki about 110 miles south of Moscow.
He said bukkake.
That clip was courtesy of the Howard Stern show, but that bukkake thing, I swear to God,
gave us like a month worth of stuff.
I don't think I have it anymore.
I'm so sad.
What about the one where he goes tax cunts or something like that?
Tax cunts?
Oh, yeah.
I remember that.
I don't know if I have that.
I don't think I'm going to be able to find that clip.
If I do, I will put it on the website or something.
It's just so old.
I think a lot of the old files just got purged.
Over time, it happens.
I do have this.
This is what became of that.
Gaming radio.
So uncensored that even Tom Brokaw could get a job with us.
Buchalki.
Orange Lounge Radio.
Oh, my God.
We just talked over it, you stupid bitch.
Oh, my gosh.
Talk with us.
Buchalki.
Orange Lounge Radio.
Tax cunts.
That's hilarious.
Oh, my gosh.
That was epic.
That was more than a question.
Sorry.
You should play all of the old promos or buffers or whatever.
Oh, you can't.
I mean, you could string them in a sequence or something.
Some of them are stupid.
I love them.
Max, some of them are so stupid.
They were like the ketchup.
I still have the nori nori nori promo that never aired.
Oh, wow.
That's old school.
I'll send it to you later.
All right.
My favorite moment in the Orange Lounge Radio history was the drug show where Jamie drank
so much tequila, she lied in my bed face down after consuming an entire box of waffles and
had me delivering waffles to her.
And I was running up the wall yelling, I'm in the matrix, I'm in the matrix.
And how sober was I by the end of the show?
We can't forget Super Bacon either.
And I wonder why my pancreas is fucked.
The deep fried rice.
Oh, rice balls.
Remember when we did Peep Jousting?
Peep Wars.
Oh, my God.
I think that was actually on a Wednesday night show.
It was.
Basically, you take two marshmallow Peeps and you put toothpicks in them and then put
them in the microwave and it's Peep Jousting because they get really big in the microwave
and then eventually one slaughters the other.
It's so fucking hilarious.
All right.
Good times.
Hi, you're on Orange Lounge Radio.
State your name.
GS68.
GS68.
And what is your question for tonight on Ask Orange Lounge?
Any progress on the Fahnemey panel?
Any progress on the Fahnemey panel?
No.
Shit.
And I probably would.
That's more than a question.
And if I remember correctly, that's Memorial Day weekend, which is the first weekend in
May.
Yeah.
Last weekend in May.
Last weekend in May.
I know.
Okay.
Hmm.
Let me know.
I'll go and do the panel myself.
Well, I'll take Rice Princess next to her and I'll just say their dark soccer at
Logan.
No, no, no.
No.
If it's the last weekend in May.
I'll be Loki.
If it's the last weekend in May, that's fine.
The first weekend in May, but I'm actually going to be, well, I'm gone up, out of town.
I'm actually going to Vegas on my anniversary and not taking Nelly with me, unfortunately.
It'll work.
I got to say this.
DJ Jinai in chat says, favorite time on OLR?
The lesbians in the Mississippi orgy with Sky.
If you didn't hear last year's April Fool's joke, that was so fucking funny.
Seriously, go find it.
All right.
We have another call.
Hi, you're on Orange Lounge Radio.
Who's this?
State your name.
This is Jayden.
Hello, Jayden.
And a long time listener, rare caller.
We don't hear from you much.
Jayden, state your question.
Yes.
I have actually a very favorite moment in live 365 history.
You better phrase it as a question or you're in trouble.
Okay.
This is jeopardy, bitch.
Do you remember when Loki sang, oops, I did it again?
That was a good job.
All right.
Do I remember when Loki sang, oops, I did it again?
No, but God, I wish I had a recording of that.
You must have done it in that same episode.
No, it wasn't the same episode.
It was later on when we tried to recapture the moment.
We tried to do it again later and that's when we learned our lesson that lightning never
strikes twice because the second time we played, well, apparently Jayden disagrees.
He said it was very funny still.
I don't remember.
I don't remember it, but I sort of remember vaguely doing something that wasn't funny.
It was still pretty damn funny.
All right.
All right.
Thank you for your question and following the rules very well.
He had a challenge there.
He goes creative.
All right.
All right.
Hello.
You're on Orange Lounge Radio.
Who's this?
This is Ospher.
Ospher.
All right.
Please state your question, Ospher.
How much do you charge for autographed Xbox 360 faceplates and what's your favorite dish
at the Olive Garden?
That was a two-part question.
She's quick.
That's all right.
We'll let it slide.
Here we go.
How much do we charge for an autographed Xbox 360 faceplate?
I don't see why we wouldn't charge anything more than the cost of the faceplate plus shipping.
We're not out to make a profit on it.
If you want one, which I hear you do, we'll work something out.
I've got some extra faceplates.
Do you?
Yeah.
You want to just give them one?
Yeah.
We need to airbrush it white and then autograph it.
I have no extra white ones because I bought other ones.
Oh.
All right.
We'll figure something out, Ospher.
Another question.
I like this one.
What about the Olive Garden?
The breadsticks.
Mine was the, what did they call it, Pasta Rustica or something like that, and they got
rid of it, those assholes.
And then I like the Tuscan chicken.
They got rid of that, too.
What about the fuckers?
I'm mad at Olive Garden right now.
Rob's not allowed to tell anybody he likes anything at the Olive Garden.
I can't eat them anymore anyway, at least for the next month while I'm on this.
I'm rather plain, so I always get the spaghetti with meat sauce, so.
You are boring.
Love it.
I always used to get the shrimp scampi.
Actually, I really like the risotto.
What's the name of that chicken dish on our first or third date or something that I got?
I don't know.
It's some chicken dish with pasta, and I also like their Zuppa de whatever the hell's in
it.
Yeah, the white one with sausage and potatoes.
Mmm.
That's really good.
Oh, God.
My pancreas hurts just thinking about it.
All right.
Thanks for the question, caller.
Take care.
We'll figure something out about that faceplate.
All right.
Skype line's still open.
I don't see any need to close.
I'm so sorry.
I'm so short tonight.
Caller, please state your name.
It's SSJ1 at your mat.
Hello, and please state your question.
My question is, what would be your dream interview to have on the show?
Ooh, that's a good one.
Dream interview to have on the show.
Who would be your dream interview?
Loki, we'll start with you.
I guess the developers of Grand Theft Auto maybe?
I don't know.
All right.
Eric Sacher, your dream interview?
Akira Yamaoka.
Did we have him?
No, we didn't have him on the show, but we've seen him.
Oh, no.
That's right.
You narrowly missed it.
That's right, because somebody wanted to go interview somebody and lost the recording
of the damn interview.
I'll throw a curveball at you in just a minute.
I'll tell you why, too.
Drew, what would be your dream interview to see us interview?
Freeze pop.
We had one guy on the show, remember?
All of them.
All of them.
Here in studio performing a la Mo.
Yes.
All right.
A la Mo.
I like that.
A la Mo.
Rice Princess.
Christian Bale naked in front of me.
You're asking too much.
Via a unicorn.
Via a unicorn, and there won't be a lot of talking.
I'm just going to say this.
My dream interview would be Morgan Webb, because I'd have a field day.
You better have a damn good reason.
I would have a field day.
Wait, wait, wait.
Stop.
I got to stop you real quick.
What?
They posted an old video clip of her.
She was on the Tyra Bank show.
Bye, caller.
Thanks for the question.
She was actually on the Tyra Bank show one time and spouting off some three different
types of gamers and what you could learn from your guy based on the types of games he played,
and that was so retarded.
The chat room is yelling at me.
I don't want the interview because I think it's going to be... Let me ask her some questions
in public.
That's all I want.
All right.
You forgot Nathan.
Oh, I'm sorry, Nathan.
I didn't have anything to say.
Damn it.
He's so emotional.
Caller, state your name.
Hello?
Hi.
Caller, what is your name?
Yeah.
Gold Banjo here.
Hello, Gold.
I was wondering, seeing as how you're an internet radio show and all, I'm wondering if anybody's
ever threatened you or stalked you or something.
Yes.
Wow.
Threatened us or stalked us.
That's a good one.
That's what stalked you.
I don't remember anyone.
Wait, who?
No.
Oh, God.
Did he?
Yes.
Yes.
Or she?
You know what?
There was a person that was borderline stalking me.
See you later.
I'm listening to what you're saying now.
Yeah.
I was more into questions.
Sorry, buddy.
All right.
He cut in and out a little bit, but yes, I forgot.
There was an infamous person.
I'm not going to say their name on the air, but there was an infamous person in Life is
Five history.
He actually was kind of a trusted member of Orange and Andre.
He was a moderator of our channel for some time, and then he just kind of... He went
kind of loopy, and dude, he called my cell phone.
I don't know how he got my number, but he like... I got this voicemail message once.
It was like, why did you ban me?
It was like really scary and creepy.
Oh.
Well.
Well, we got better.
Yeah.
Yeah.
It was-
Yeah.
Yeah.
But I got better.
I don't think we've ever really had anything beyond that, though, and that was more just
kind of like a silly internet prank.
Not that that's acceptable.
It's not, but nobody's ever threatened us with death or anything.
No.
We're not famous.
What the hell are you talking about?
All right.
All right.
I'll threaten you with death if you don't change your vote.
Hi.
Shut up.
Hi, callers.
Please state your name.
Yeah.
What's up?
This is Ross Deal UT.
Ross Deal UT, and please state your question.
How many blind monkeys do you think it took for Ubisoft to come up with the name HAWX?
One for each letter, four.
Only one, because you have to understand, hawks is edgy because they have an X instead
of a KS.
We're thinking 90s now.
It took 90 monkeys?
Wow.
That's extreme.
You're laughing too much, and that's more than a question.
No, but just kidding.
We've got to free up the line.
All right.
I like this.
This is like a condensed...
It's great.
Look how many people were getting in tonight for the last...
Okay.
We still got...
I know there's still people trying to get in, so I'm waiting.
All right.
Hi.
Here we go.
Another call.
Hello, caller.
Please state your name.
Hello.
This is your favorite Swede, A.K.
River.
Hello, and please state your question, our favorite Swede.
Why did you start out in Live 365 in the first place?
What a damn good question.
Go figure it comes from someone not from America.
Why did we start on Live 365 in the first place?
I have my answer.
I don't know if anyone else wants to contribute.
It was easy.
Here's the thing.
Well, two reasons.
A, it was easy because of the fact that Live 365 makes it pretty easy to just have all
your MP3s in one place, you sign in, you go, and you didn't have to have that resource
to run a stream 24-7 because when we first started the station, we thought it was going
to be about the music as much as it was the show, but our true love really ended up being
the show, and so Live 365 made it very easy to go 24-7.
And this show is a spinoff of sorts of another show under Sedation Live, which is hosted
by Travis Donovan, who's now on our network.
That show was about, boy, this is a long history, probably more than you bargained for, but
that show started in 2001 as a show actually about Rocky Horror Picture Show, but it didn't
really keep that theme very long.
We didn't talk about that very much.
Everything.
We talked about everything.
Dude, you know, one time, if you've ever seen Cat House Girls, the guy who runs that, Dennis,
one time we had him on the show as an interview, and it all started as a crank call.
It was the most epic moment in under Sedation Live history, I'm telling you.
I remember that.
But under Sedation Live was on Live 365, and I saw how easy it was there, and so it just
kind of made it easy, and that's really why we were there.
Good question.
Thank you.
Have a good one.
All right.
Let's see if we get some more.
201877 Game OLR.
How many more?
Oh my God.
This segment's going long.
That's all right.
It's the last.
We got a little time, right?
You guys are okay?
All right.
Jamie's starting to get a little restless.
We've got to wind down soon.
All right.
Hello, caller.
Please state your name.
Hello?
Hello.
Hi, caller.
Please state your name.
This is Misty.
Well, hello, Misty.
I'm glad to hear from Misty.
All right, Misty.
I know you probably went waiting forever to get in, but please state your question.
If I were to win the lottery and bribe all of your bosses with however much they need
it, would you people fucking come to ASIN?
I want to.
Hi.
I have been... How long have I been talking to you?
Oh, sweetie.
I love you.
No, no, no, no, no.
This is Misty.
She's special.
Fine.
I have my finger on the Hangout button as much as I love Misty.
Yep, yep.
She got her chance.
All right.
Hold on.
Jamie is giving a pass, so she can finish her thought.
I really, really want to go to ASIN, and I've been bringing this up since last year, that
we need to get our asses to Chicago and go to convention, and I actually need to finish
one of my costumes to actually be able to wear it there, but... And I also want to
go hang out in Artist Alley with Meg Z and Chris, because they're going to be there this
year too.
Honestly, I would be going this year if it wasn't for my medical issues.
I really was considering going this year and making it happen, but my medical issues have
made me think twice about it.
It's very unfortunate, but I don't know.
If a miracle pulls through in the next week, I might reconsider, but right now, I have
to say no.
Loki, any chance in hell you'd go to ASIN, even if she won the lottery and paid for it
for you?
Even if she won the lottery, my wife is... I can't go, because my wife can't stay home
alone.
Can I represent us at ASIN?
Ha, ha, ha.
Oh, sure.
Go for it.
All right.
Besides, I'm going... If someone pays my way, I'll go to ASIN.
All right.
Thank you for the call.
Everyone give Misty a kiss.
Bye, Misty.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
Fun fact from Bobby Black Wolf.
All games radio was on live 365 in one of its incarnations.
In fact, they used to give people the link to OLR to test the live 365 player.
Wow.
That's great.
So, you know, isn't it funny how things come full circle?
All right.
Maybe one more.
One more.
1877 game OLR.
I wanted to get Misty in, because I know she doesn't get to listen to live much, and I
wanted to get her.
That's why I gave Misty the pass, because she's special.
All right.
It's a girl thing.
Admit it.
All right.
Oop.
Here we go.
One more.
Last call.
Last question.
Guess what?
You're the last one.
Please state your name.
DT.
Hello, DT.
First off, we all need to tip our hat to Dark Tetsuya for a moment and praise him for the
work he's done for our station, because he's been listening here since episode one.
He's been a longtime supporter.
He writes website articles for our front page, even when the damn thing is deader than a
doornail.
He has updated the OLR Wiki with articles.
He keeps things posted on the forum.
Please, everybody, let's give Dark Tetsuya a round of applause for the hard work he's
done for our station.
Now, you're not allowed to cry or anything, because that would be more than a question.
There's more, too, because remember all the stuff he did for Sac Bay money before that.
That's true.
He's a very hardworking, fine young lad, and we're glad to have him on board.
You better believe it.
We're going to find something for you to do on our new home.
You know what I should have put on, the things to say with Live 365, they'd get me a better
chair.
Look, the man has waited all night to get through.
He's the last call.
Dark Tetsuya, please, the last question of the night for Last Orange Lounge.
Okay, let me set this up.
As you know, she's planning on coming to California in October.
Would there be a chance of getting her on the show somehow?
Is she going to be here on a Sunday?
Or an I?
Is she going to be here on a Sunday?
I think.
Okay.
Let's find out.
Abso-fricking-lutely.
Abso-fricking-lutely.
If you and Misty together, we'd love to have that on the show.
Absolutely.
If she's here on a Sunday, you guys can be here live.
You know what?
Even if she can't be here on a Sunday for whatever travel reasons, we will figure out
a tape segment just for you guys, because you've been so supportive of the show, and
it's five and a half years.
So there you have it.
Wow.
Thank you.
All right.
You're welcome.
It's been a dream of mine.
Oh, Dark Tetsuya, you know I love you, but that was more than a question.
Have a good night.
All right.
Anyhow.
Oh, that was a fun segment.
God, I hope I didn't ruin his moment or whatever.
Of course they can come on the show.
Of course.
We want them.
I would be pissed if they didn't.
Mm-hmm.
I would be so pissed if they didn't.
So yes.
We'll make it work one way or the other.
Absolutely.
All right.
Damn.
That's a lot of calls tonight, and I think it's time to wrap things up.
We already did last minute stories.
Oh my God.
We missed one thing, though.
I was supposed to do it after the list list tonight, and I completely glossed over it.
What segment did I forget, boys and girls?
What segment did we forget?
FUs of the Week.
Yes.
The FUs of the Week.
Roar.
All right.
I've got to get the music.
Holy crap.
Wouldn't that be hilarious?
Ro's been an FU to Life 365, so whatever.
Okay.
Hold on really quickly, because I've got to set this up here, and so you may hear just
a moment of silence.
Actually, I'll let the music play for a little bit.
Let the music play.
Here it is, the FUs of the Week.
Dark Soccer.
Start us off.
Fuck you, Life 365.
Loki.
Fuck you, Life 365.
Drew.
Fuck you, Life 365.
Rice Princess.
Fuck you, Life 365.
Silent Nathan.
And my FU of the Week, FU, Life 365, for upping your rates and using scare tactics to motivate
it, and FU the RIA, yes, for starting the whole damn thing in the first place.
And honestly, this all goes back to you assholes forgetting our names.
No, actually, I've got to say in seriousness, we have met some good people at Life 365,
so I don't...
I'm sorry, Betty.
She was a real sweetheart.
Yeah.
There are some great people, so...
And I've got speakers.
When we say FU, we mean to the corporate decisions that were made there, and not necessarily
the people.
Just want to get that out there, because in our five and a half years, we have interacted
with a lot of great people and other broadcasters that we've met through Life 365, so please
don't misappropriate our angst.
All right.
So anyhow, that brings us to the very last part where we give our final thoughts.
Nathan, any final thoughts?
Rice Princess, your final thought?
Yay.
Drew, your final thought?
Indignation.
Loki, your final thought?
My final thought is I need to play some more games other than Saints Row, although I may
go back to Saints Row to finish the activities.
Got to get them achievement points.
My FU of the Wii...I'm sorry, not my FU of the Wii.
My final thought is I really don't want it to flare up again and end up in the hospital.
I hate to sound like a baby in a hypochondriac, but keep your fingers crossed for me, kid.
All right.
Ferret is next.
Ferret, your final thought, please?
All right, Dark...All right, shut up.
You had two final thoughts.
Dark Sakura, your final thought?
Reject false icons.
All right.
That's going to do it for Orange Lounge Radio, the last live program here on our network
on Live 365.
Thank you to all that have supported us since May 22nd, I want to say, of 2002 when the
stream went live and June 23rd of 2002 when episode one of Orange Lounge Radio first aired.
You guys have helped make us probably the longest...one of, if not the longest running
video game podcasts and video game radio programs in the world.
We just want to thank all you guys for your support and it's all of you that have helped
make this happen, all you guys in chat, all you guys on the forums, all you guys on Live
Journal, Myspace, Facebook, and everybody that downloads this show, thank you for five
and a half years.
It has been fun on our own stream, but the party ain't over and we look forward to the
next chapter of Orange Lounge Radio.
That was a really big chapter one.
This is like War and Peace right here.
We look forward to the next chapter of OLR when we combine forces with all games radio
and come together to make the Voltron of independent gaming podcasting.
And remember, if you like what you hear, tell a couple of friends about Orange Lounge Radio.
It's word of mouth that helps makes everything go around and brings more listeners to us
so that we can slowly take over the world.
Can I rant anymore or is that it?
Are we done?
Are we out of here?
Sure.
We done.
Goodbye Live 365.
Bye.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is an Orange Lounge production.
For more information on our live and podcast program, visit our website at www.orangeloungeradio.com.
See you next week.
