The Old Classic Games Splatterhouse is set to return, Burnout Paradise is getting patched for motorcycle riding, and are arcade ticket redemption machines a form of illegal gambling?
Hello everybody out there on the internet and welcome to another week of the program that Bobby Blackwolf had to censor three times tonight.
Orange Lounge Radio, live at www.allgames.com every Sunday night, 6 o'clock Pacific, 9 o'clock Eastern.
My name is Rob Roberts, joining me as always to talk about video games, video gaming, gaming culture, and gamer lifestyle.
My BFF in the world, Jamie Summers, Dark Sakura.
Hi.
How are you?
I'm tired.
Tired?
Because of the sun.
Tired cat is very tired?
Sleepy Jamie is sleepy.
Oh my lord.
No, it's 90.
Oh, okay.
It was 83 last time I checked.
Because I was going to say, when we get into June and July, we're going to have 105, and I'm going to cry.
However, the forecast says that it's going to be 83 on Monday, and then in the 70s, Tuesday, Wednesday, and Thursday.
Huh.
Well, thank you for the weather update.
You know, people talk about the weather when there's nothing better to talk about.
But we have video games and other things to talk about.
Right, Tech Master Loki, my other BFF.
Yeah, how you doing?
I got a large soda today because it's hot.
DarkSakura Talks About Her Gaming Week
That's what I get when I don't hit the stop button.
Happens a lot here on the show.
So that I can play Seiken Densetsu 3.
And Dan was supposed to bring me back Mario Kart tonight, but I'm sort of like meh about it because we've already had access to the game for like a week.
So I'm kind of meh.
Although lately, I really, really want to play Street Fighter Alpha 2.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Alright.
Well, so it sounds like there's going to be a lot of classic gaming in your future.
I know, exciting stuff.
Let's move over to Loki and see if there's been a lot of classic gaming in his week.
Yes, I played a classic game called Saints Row.
I don't know, it's not really that classic anymore.
It's fun.
You know, we're still... Actually, we downloaded a new map this week because we're bored with the three that they have.
So we wanted the fourth one.
The fourth one's okay.
It's been out for, what, years now.
But, you know, with the internet being blocked at our work, I had to kind of jerry-rig something in order to get to work.
But that was all to just kill time until Grand Theft Auto 4, which I sneaked a early copy of.
And...
What more do I need to see?
I've been looking for this game for, what, years now?
Since the release of Grand Theft Auto 3?
Probably since the last Grand Theft Auto.
San Andreas, yeah.
It's fucking awesome.
it's um they're okay let me just since the game is you know pretty awesome I'll just you know mention my gripes of the game I don't like the soundtrack I think it's lame um I guess I've been spoiled with like Vice City and Grand Theft Auto 3 but I hate the radio stations in uh 4 I think they're crap um let's see I don't like um I don't know it might be just it um
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
A couple questions.
Is the game worthy of the perfect 10 reviews it's receiving left and right?
Probably.
I mean, it's not perfect, but it's damn good.
I'd say give it a 9.8 or 9.9, but nothing's perfect.
What is the most obscene thing you've done in the game so far?
The most obscene thing?
Like, thing that is going to shock people like hot coffee.
Thing that is going to make Lord Voldemort...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
I mean, well, other than the countless people that I've been running over in my car.
I would say it's a lot more realistic, so, like, you can shoot someone in the leg and they start hobbling away and stuff.
And also, oh, I went to the strip club in there, and they have, like, you know, pretty explicit lap dances.
Of course, no one's actually naked in there, but, you know, pasties or whatever.
That's pretty explicit.
I mean, you can do three different lap dances as it goes on there.
And one of them has two girls making out on top of you.
So I guess that's pretty explicit.
And there's a girlfriend you get in the game in the very beginning there.
And you can go in for hot coffee, I guess, but it doesn't show anything.
And she actually screams the weirdest things.
Wait, do they actually call it hot coffee?
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah, you get the achievement for that for warm coffee, which is funny.
I did see in the video review from IGN, there was a scene, I'm assuming from a hooker you can pick up, but it showed a hooker in your lap bouncing up and down on you in a car, so that's pretty explicit, I guess.
But nothing super over the top yet.
Yeah.
Thank you for watching, and I'll see you next time.
Thanks for watching!
You have a percentage of how much they like you, and that'll go down if you don't do their missions.
So the game doesn't let you just do the open sandbox thing?
Because one thing I loved about Grand Theft Auto was just like, you know, I didn't even have to pay attention to the story.
Not necessarily.
You can do the open sandbox thing.
There's actually a mode on the phone that turned it into sleep mode, and that'll turn all the in-game story stuff off, and then you just go and do whatever.
So that's kind of cool.
But yeah, so pretty much just the radio.
The stations are kind of retarded on there.
You can watch TV, which is kind of funny.
You have fake TV shows on there.
Nice.
And I don't know.
That's pretty much it for right now.
Let's go to the chat room, chat.orangelongeradio.com We always invite our listeners to come join us live and participate in our program We read chat comments, take emails and phone calls later on in the show First comment tonight from Sephiroth1215 After reading the soundtrack on wiki, the Grand Theft Auto 4 soundtrack does look like it sucks Too bad, because I love the San Andreas one But, hey, I guess, you know, the best thing about it is Since it is on the PlayStation 3 and 360 custom soundtracks, so
earlier Loki said there's no such thing as a perfect game J-Rod says Silent Hill 1 is perfect to me anyway well yeah maybe to one person and you know be honest this is it's the perfect Grand Theft Auto I think for me and I haven't even delved into like a lot of online stuff yet because you know you can do custom soundtracks so you can fix your major gripe right there
I just didn't like it because in 3 it had some pretty cool stuff like they had a station that was all electro music and that kind of thing and that was really cool and in Vice City all the stations were awesome there.
It's just there's a lot of music that I've never heard of in there and I guess it's kind of cool that it's new and exclusive to the game but at the same time I haven't heard of it and I don't really care for it.
TigerClaw wants to know if you've explored the comedy club area of the game.
I haven't gotten to a comedy club.
The only thing I've gotten to right now is like a cabaret club, and that sucks.
Cabaret is shit.
Do they have a burlesque show?
That would be pretty awesome.
I don't know if they have a burlesque show.
The one time I went in there, they had this really crappy magician.
The second time I went in there, they had some guy rolling around on the stage with doing some sort of western thing.
Western monologue.
You can...
One of the first dates you go on is bowling, so you can go bowl, which is kind of cool.
They have darts, you can do billiards, they've got... Dance Dance Revolution?
They have a game that's like, I think it's supposed to be like Q-Bert in there.
I don't know.
I gotta go for another viewpoint.
DarkSakura, any interest in Grand Theft Auto 4 at all?
No.
Why not?
I just don't like those games.
They're not fun to me.
is it not fun because there's no point?
they're kind of boring senseless violence not your thing?
I like senseless violence I just think they're boring
I agree with Loki.
You've got to open up the cheat codes because the best part of Grand Theft Auto, at least the last one, or I think it was Vice City I was playing that had this, there was the code that would just make the cars appear from the heavens and you could just make like 80 cars pile up and then fire a rocket at them and just make the biggest explosions in the world.
That was my favorite part because fire is awesome.
MyGamingWeek.com
Pretty graphics, fun to play.
Loading times surprised me a little bit.
I don't know if it's just because my PSP is old and maybe I need to get a mini.
But yeah, the loading times kind of surprised me how slow they are in some points.
But it didn't really detract from the experience.
It's just that I noticed it, which says something there.
But the other game I've actually been playing a lot more of is Patapon.
I bought that game.
And it really was not what I thought it was going to be.
I expected it to be like a straight-up music game.
And certainly music is one element of it, but it was more of like a strategy type of game.
I don't know how to say it.
It's like a, you know, like basically here's the gist of the game for those who haven't played it is that, you know, the screen flashes in rhythm.
Like you'll hear a drum beat that goes do, do, do.
And then you hit the drums, which are the buttons on the PSP.
You only get two drums to start, but you get more later on.
You can hit the drums to issue commands to your little army.
So you might go, and that makes them move forward.
Or you might go, and that makes them attack the enemy.
So not only are you having to think about the music, but you're having to think about, okay, what do I want to have them do next?
Do I want to have them march forward?
Do I want to have them attack?
Do I want to have them retreat?
Do I want to have them defend?
What do I want to have them do?
So that was kind of interesting.
But...
I'll tell you what, the tutorial in the game, not so great, because it took me forever to figure out what was going on.
I was like, why isn't my freaking army listening to me?
And it took me like a minute to get the hang of the game.
I think I needed it to kind of show me a little more.
Maybe I'm just stupid or old or something, but it took me a little bit to get the hang of.
But then once I got in it, okay.
And it's kind of cool that you can slowly build your army up, and there's that whole strategy of making the new...
Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
I just never got the hang of it and it's just like too much for me because I don't play a lot of those types of board games and I don't have a lot of I think the easiest way to learn those types of games is to have friends that play them because I think friends teaching you how to play those games is much easier than the Xbox trying to teach you and so I had the hardest time trying to learn Catan because I didn't really play with anyone else that knew it and so I was thinking a lot of Lost Cities I'm probably not going to get it but the card game is actually pretty simplistic yet you know one of those games that has a lot of depth to it so I was kind of surprised um
The only thing is, I'm not sure, you know, when all's said and done, there's not a lot of difference between Lost Cities and Uno.
They're both card games.
They're both, you know, they have the camera support.
They both are pretty quick to play.
Granted, Lost Cities has a little more of strategy, but what is it?
It's a virtual deck of cards, right?
So I'm not sure why Sierra justifies the extra $5 and charges $10 for Lost Cities.
Because there's nothing else there.
Like, you know what, unlockable art, woohoo.
You know, there's not a lot to really justify that extra price.
So like, if I was a brand new Xbox owner and I wanted a card game, I'd go for Uno first.
But Lost Cities isn't bad, it's just...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
You're trying to make numerical sequences from 2 to 10 on 5 different colors, which represent cities.
If you are going to start building on a color, you have to make a 20-point investment.
You have to hope that you play enough cards that will add up to 20 or over by the time the deck is out.
In addition to those, there are these multiplier cards that you can play first.
They're called investment cards.
You can double, triple, or quadruple the amount of points that you'll earn from
But you're also quadrupling the amount of points that you sacrifice to open up the city.
So it's kind of interesting.
Katamaris Forever says in chat, Except Uno is appealing to housewives and schoolchildren, and Lost Cities is for the uber-hardcore.
That may be true, but it still doesn't justify the extra price to me.
You know what I mean?
It doesn't seem like there's...
Actdeft says Strip Uno on Xbox Live with a cam.
Well, you could play Strip Lost Cities too, I guess.
I'm not sure exactly what the rules for that would be.
You don't need a webcam and an Xbox to play Strip Uno.
That's true.
You could just have a bunch of people in the house and booze and then be naked.
That's probably better anyways.
Real in-person naked is better than... Then you can see hoo-hoos and ha-has IRL.
But unless there's some people in this world who shouldn't be naked.
And those are the people playing Strip Uno on Xbox Live, probably.
Yeah, but they probably don't have pictures of themselves.
They probably hired, like, a model.
Look, boobies.
You know, I've got to wonder if, like, on XTube or Pornotube or any of those sites, if there is, like, a taped Strip Uno game or something that's on those sites.
I don't know why I have that curious thought.
But, you know, I'm thinking of...
I'm just wondering how Strip Uno would work since it takes so long to do one game I mean maybe it's like you have like if you do a draw four then you have to remove four articles of clothing or something that might work
or, you know, a draw two, you remove two things.
That could be the thing, is that if you get a draw four and play it on you, then either you draw four cards or you gotta take something off.
Like, it could be a choice thing.
That might be interesting.
That would be interesting.
Not that we're encouraging people how to play.
No, I don't think it should be a choice thing.
I think you should just have to.
Alright.
Anyhow, we better... Gerardimo's laughing my ass off.
He says, Gerardimo says, I love Jamie's take on this.
She always is here to give us a refreshing perspective from a female point of view.
Boobs are great.
Anyhow, that's our gaming week.
Let's get into housekeeping tonight.
It's one of, I think, eight rare Grand Theft Auto 4 custom paint job type systems that was given from Gamerscore Blog to All Games Radio.
Let me remind you how it works.
We went over it last week, but I'll say it one more time.
We're going to have a bunch of people submit to us little radio things.
You know how Grand Theft Auto has the little radio stuff in the game?
How is it in Grand Theft Auto 4?
Lots of funny parodies and things that you hear on the radio?
There's funny commercials.
Allgames.com
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
DarkSakura, Loki, VOG Network, DJ Ranma S, Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
is the Grand Theft Auto 4 game for whatever system you want, and that's courtesy of Mediaspective, one of the other shows on All Games Radio.
Third prize, $20 points card for your system of choice from the Bobby Blackwolf show, the show that precedes us live here on All Games Radio.
So, $23.
And Loki is ineligible, per the rules, so you don't have to worry about competing against him, although he really wants it.
He really wants it, but he can't have it.
Maybe next time.
Sorry, Loki, that was the rules.
What can I say?
All right, so if you want to send in your entries, mailbag at orangeloungeradio.com.
Just use our general email address.
We're separating all the entries in another folder.
Or if you don't have fancy MP3 recording stuff but you just have a really good idea, that might be good enough to win.
1-877-GAME-OLR whenever we're not live or our username on Skype, Orange Lounge Radio.
You can do that either way you want.
So there you have it.
So we hope to get some more entries this week.
And set people on fire.
and by the way, we listened to one today and I don't think we're going to play it tonight.
We'll play it for you guys next week.
We listened to one today.
Somebody did it out there just for fun because unfortunately he lived in Europe and unfortunately our friends overseas are ineligible because it's an NTSC console.
He lives in Belgium to be specific and sent us a commercial and I'll tell you what, it was so funny, I cried laughing.
It was great.
for what people should do.
I know, but at the same time, I don't want 10 copies of that.
I want people to come up with their own original thing.
Makes sense, right?
So we'll play it next week when it's almost over.
And that way you can hear a really good one.
And then we'll play the other qualifiers for you guys pretty soon.
Alright, and Nintendo Maniac64 says, does it have to be MP3?
No, you can use AAC, Wave, well, Wave might blow up our inbox.
As long as Adobe Audition can open it, or Winamp, we'll play it.
Just try not to blow up our inbox, that's all.
Alright.
Alright, that's going to do it for housekeeping.
If you're not already there, join our LiveJournal, join our MySpace, join our Facebook, go to our website, orangelaunchradio.com, and listen to some gaming news, courtesy of Loki.
So yes, part of a deal that EA had with Milton Bradley, they will be publishing Monopoly for the Wii, PlayStation 2, and Xbox 360.
I think it's kind of funny because EA is trying to get a Monopoly on sports games.
Oh, karma.
It's funny.
Har har.
I see what you did there.
But apparently this is going to be a sped up version of the original game with some interactive mini games thrown in.
And I don't know, doesn't really look like there's going to be a PS3 version at all.
It's Monopoly, what can I say?
That makes sense, because Monopoly never ends, so there needs to be some type of sped up version.
I mean, Monopoly does end, I suppose, but it can go on forever.
Don't get me wrong, if this came out on Xbox Live Arcade or something, I'd probably pick it up.
But it's not!
It doesn't sound like it is, considering it's going to be on Wii and PlayStation 2 as well.
It really doesn't sound like it could be on Xbox Live Arcade.
It could do retail versions, though.
I mean, look at Puzzle Quest.
Okay, true.
I mean, anything's possible, but I don't know, doesn't it seem likely that maybe that's not the route they're going?
Well, it is EA.
They like whoring their shit out, so... I don't know.
Hey, maybe it'll support webcams on 360, then you can play Strip Monopoly.
How's that sound?
Not as much fun as in real life, and if you play Strip Monopoly, you'll just get bored and pissed off at everybody else before anyone's naked.
Monopoly is kind of boring after a while.
Strip Monopoly would have to have like lap dances.
No, seriously, because you know how you win all of your money, but you have to have the option of being able to spend it on getting someone to get naked.
Okay, here's how you play Strip Monopoly.
Here's my idea for Strip Monopoly.
You replace the chance and community chess cards.
Like, you know, the kind of stuff in there was like lame.
Like it was like you win second place in a beauty contest, collect $10, right?
Remember that stuff?
You need to replace those with X-rated things.
Like, you won second place in a crotchless underpants contest.
That's right, now it's time to show your community chest.
Luxury tax.
Anyhow, so Monopoly's coming out on all those systems.
Do you think other board games to follow?
Could we strip Risk in our future?
Well, remember, I think they were talking...
Thank you for watching!
Gerardimo says in chat, there would be cheap hotels in Strip Monopoly.
You know what I would like to see as... You get houses, and then you have a by-the-hour motel that you build.
Yeah.
You know what I would like... Oh, that'd be funny.
Monopoly Red Light District Edition or something like that.
I would like to see... I don't think this is Milton Bradley, but I would like to see them do an Xbox Live Arcade version of Heroes Quest.
Remember that game was kind of like a halfway between like a board game and Dungeons and Dragons?
Oh yeah, kind of, yeah, yeah.
Or what was that other game?
They had another game that was like something with volcanoes or something like that and they had little marbles that you could roll down and it would... Marble Madness?
No, it wasn't Marble Madness.
Hmm.
I don't know.
Marble Madness had things that shot balls.
Let's see.
What was it?
Oh, Actdeft in chat said, Risk, conquer the world without your pants.
Hey, they were bringing out Strip DDR and that made me think of Pantsless Rage.
Alright, anyhow.
Forget it.
Now the chatroom is just going to light up with Strip insert board game here.
It's not funny anymore.
Although, Strip Ants in Your Pants is kind of funny.
Yeah, they dump the ants in your pants and you strip to get them out.
Strip, don't wake daddy.
Strip Hungry Hungry Hip All right, forget it.
Rob.
What?
Rob.
How about more news?
No.
All right, let's move on and get away from such silly teehee nudity chat.
But naked is great.
Let's get away from teehee nudity chat and talk about violence.
Woohoo!
And you gotta love a classic violent franchise called Splatterhouse.
You remember Splatterhouse?
Yes, it was for the TurboGrafx-16 slash PC Engine.
Because the main guy looked like a rip-off of Jason.
I know, and that game goes sort of annoying sometimes.
Well, guess what?
On the latest cover of EGM, they're talking about 35 different retro revivals, and right there on the cover, Splatterhouse.
so Splatterhouse apparently is going to be coming back for a new wave on all the next gen consoles not a lot else known about the game at this time but I suppose when this magazine starts floating around out there we'll know a little bit more about it
Well, it was, it was, the story though was fairly unique from, you know, the whole, the story wasn't a rip-off of Friday the 13th.
Right, it talks about Splatterhouse has an ancient Mayan mask that is strapped onto his corpse or whatever.
Yeah, and he has to go save his girlfriend.
So, interesting.
Who's probably already dead.
I wonder if it'll be like a first-person game.
Probably not, because they have the title character right here.
No, it's probably going to be another platformer.
We'll see what happens.
More details.
I hope.
Don't butcher it.
Butcher characters in the game, but don't butcher the game itself.
We'll see.
Speaking of butchered, not really.
For our buddies over in Europe, they've got a date for Super Smash Bros.
Brawl and it's going to be June 27th.
Also, in addition to that, WiiWare will be out on May 20th.
So, put it in your diary.
It's coming.
It's coming.
Dear Diary, today I played Strip Clue.
It was Miss Scarlet in the billiard room with my... Never mind.
Let's move on.
More stories, please.
I don't know if they would consider that concealed weapon, but it was concealed.
Let's see here.
So there's a company called Shadowbane.
What is wrong with this show?
That's working with Nintendo to make an MMO.
And the question is, they didn't really say what the MMO was.
They're just calling it an as-yet-unnamed MMO project.
But people are starting to think, hmm, perhaps are they developing Animal Crossing for the Wii?
Or is it just going to be another MMO that, you know...
Just wait until E3.
I mean, enough with the speculation.
You know what I mean?
You're not going to find out any more details until E3.
Obviously, Nintendo runs a very tight run ship where everybody's mouths are sealed and they can't say anything about it, no matter who's developing it.
So just wait.
I think it's inevitable the game is coming eventually, but I think it would be kind of funny if Nintendo surprised us and didn't announce the game at E3, but kind of came out of left field with something completely different.
Now, think about it.
Would you really want an MMO for Animal Crossing?
Yeah, who's to say it's not a completely new IP?
You never know.
Mario Brother... Oh, Super Mario RPG.
Or Super Mario MMORPG.
I don't know about that.
I don't know how you'd make that work, but...
Everyone's like plumber class or princess class.
Princess class.
You know I'd have to play that.
Or a toadstool class.
I don't know.
Maybe you're on to something.
Who knows?
Maybe you could do something like that.
Copyright, patentpending.com.
P.S.
Money.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
This game made my pants hurt.
exactly and anyone can read those reviews of course this channel is going to be free and pretty much all the features that you've come to expect from the Japanese version will show up in this version as well so it's just a matter of when this is going to show up but sometime in the next month so that'll be pretty cool sooner rather than later right now everyone's a critic Nintendo's encouraging it
Oh, there's something else that Nintendo themselves is going to be criticized for.
What's that?
Well, there was a discussion going on with Iwata that was after they've gone through all their, I guess, financial meeting that they go through, like any big company has.
and he's quoted as saying that their projection for the year is not based on hardware cuts and they are not going to need them.
So translated from corporate to real English, that means we're still making money, so forget it.
We're not going to lower prices.
I wouldn't think they're low prices anyways.
They're having problems keeping enough stock for this hardware for portables and consoles.
The demand's not going down for any of them, so there's no reason to lower the prices.
That'd be stupid.
Oh, we're sold out of it.
People just want to buy it.
They'll buy it for $700.
Let's drop it to $99 because we don't like money.
Well, there's more.
So far, they've sold 25 million Wii and they've sold 70 million DSs.
The sales are up 73% for the financial year with 47.7% profit.
So that's not bad at all.
And there was some other news that came out there that are upping their allocations of what they're going to be making each month for the Wii.
From 1.6 million units being manufactured to 2.4 million.
So hopefully that will ease the retailers' pain out there, but I don't think it's enough.
But they will conquer the world soon.
Soon.
Another franchise is hoping to-
Even though they're not going to lower the price of the Wii, are they ever going to come out with these different modifications?
Or is that something else they want to wait to pull out of the hat?
I think that's something that you want to bring out when the demand starts to drop.
Because people are like, it gives them another reason to buy the console.
I don't think that right now, until the demand starts dipping down a little bit, until they start flattening out the demand versus what they've got in stock, I don't think you're going to see any of these new colors or price drops or any sort of bundles or whatever.
Because they don't...
DarkSakura.com
Well, one franchise that's making a return pretty soon, which is pretty cool, actually, is Earthworm Jim.
They're actually relaunching the franchise.
They're going to be doing a brand new cartoon series, as well as some new video games that are going to be coming to platforms all over the place, including, hopefully, PlayStation 2, 3, and Xbox 360 and Wii.
And...
No word yet on when this is all going to happen, but hopefully very soon.
So we'll see some more Earthworm Jim probably this year maybe.
Hmm.
Why do you think all of a sudden they want to bring back this one?
I mean...
I don't know, why bring back Bionic Commando?
Or Splatterhouse, I guess, huh?
I guess retro is all the rage, so why not bring back Earthworm Jim?
I know that game always used to crack me up simply for the fact that when you turned it on, like, remember the title screen?
It was somebody burping the name Earthworm Jim.
And it wasn't a bad game, either.
It was kind of cute for a Super Nintendo game.
That's the system I had it on, was Super Nintendo.
Wasn't that one of the games that Tommy Tallarico scored, too?
I think so.
It's one of the games he's kind of famous for.
Good times.
Earthworm Jim and Earthworm Jim 2
is going to be coming to the Virtual Console.
By the way, just an FYI, Clayfighter and Boogerman are also on their way out.
Both also the Genesis versions of the games.
Clayfighter is great.
Clayfighter is fucking awesome.
Clayfighter is pretty rad, although it's one of those games, I don't know, for me, like you play it for an hour and then the joke's old.
You know what I mean?
It's all about Helga with her opera attack.
What about Frosty?
Bad Mr. Frosty, whatever his name was.
I used to always play as the Blob.
That was my favorite.
Blob.
Awesome.
Bad Mr. Foxy was great.
Ranma says the Genesis version has an extra level, doesn't it?
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
Well, all those games are on their way out.
So soon.
We don't have a date.
But usually when these games are announced, there's less than a month to go.
So there you go.
Actdeft in chat real quick says, Tiger Claw, Tommy Tallarico is working on the new Earthworm Jim, or so I heard.
Rumor alert.
Rumor alert.
Where are you?
Well, you know, especially for those of us who are artists would probably have found this really hilarious.
But you know the deal with the Okami Wii cover with the IGN watermark?
Oh yes, the hilarity that ensued last week, yes.
Which is really funny because I don't see why they bother watermarking it in the first place when it's actually Capcom's art.
So it's sort of like, we're going to put our name on it.
It's ours now.
No.
Anyway, because of this clusterfuck of craptitude, Capcom has released two new covers that you can go on their website and... What?
No, I'm laughing because I think this is just a stupid idea.
Sorry.
I just want the covers to begin with because they're pretty.
But if you go to Capcom.com slash art redemption, all one word, you can pick one of two covers.
You can actually either get the original or two special versions that they have.
and one of them is a completely painted green background with the wolf and a neat looking other side on the back and the other which I personally like.
It looks like some level artwork with the wolf superimposed in the front where the front cover would be and cherry blossoms.
And I like that one better myself.
Art Redemption
Oh, I think you can.
But, I mean, it's just funny.
I think the thing is silly because, honestly, how many people are going to do that when there's the more hilarity of... I'm doing it right now.
OMG, I have the uber rare watermarked cover.
I don't know.
Or even better, you just get one of those and you're like, oh, hey, look, there's a GameSpot watermark on there now.
You never know.
but hey, free game covers and Jamie's ordering one right now even though she doesn't have the game.
Oh, VS Jason SV says they don't ask for a serial number so yes, you can do it.
They don't and I'm ordering one right now.
Nice.
Can you order two?
Can you go in for the studio?
No, let's just pick one.
I have to go order one too.
I'm getting the pretty one.
Alright.
The one with the cherry blossoms.
I'll get the ugly one then for the studio.
I'm going to let my friend know who really loves this game too.
Very cool.
So there's some pretty cool mods that are out there right now for Unreal Tournament 3, although this one seems to kind of take the cake right now.
Super Mario Bros., they made a Super Mario Bros.
Unreal Tournament 3 mod, and what it is basically is it's kind of like a 2D version of Unreal Tournament, but with Super Mario Bros.
themed levels.
So you can run around kind of like, I don't know, Super Smash Unreal Tournament or something like that.
It is available to download off of the Epic MegaGames forums.
So check out EpicGames.com, check their forums, and you'll find a link to UT2D Super Mario Beta for the PC and PlayStation 3.
So that's kind of cool.
I hope more games support mods and we see more things like this.
And these are things I can download to the PlayStation 3?
Yeah, you can download any of the PC mods for Unreal Tournament 3 for the PlayStation 3.
There's a great niche for the PlayStation 3 right there.
I kind of hope they explore more things like that with the customizations and more games.
I know we talked about that when this whole game first came out, but to actually see kind of the...
Metamorphosis of that.
It's pretty cool.
And this is only scratching the surface.
I mean, think of all the games out there using the Unreal Engine that they did total conversions for and made a completely different game out of the whole thing.
I mean, you're going to see some of these come out and then you're going to actually be able to play these on your PlayStation 3.
So Unreal Tournament will essentially become all these different games, which is pretty awesome and definitely worth replay value.
Very cool.
Uh...
DJ Janiya said, I played that over at my friend's house.
Good God.
Alright, let's do one more story here, and then we're going to get into some release dates, but this could affect a lot of different releases coming out soon.
The Wii end-user license agreement was recently updated.
You know all that legal blah blah blah that usually you don't even read and you just bother to click accept, you know, just kind of go through it.
I don't know, Jamie, do you read every word on those end-user license agreements?
Huh?
You know those things you have to click accept to, all the legal blah blah blah?
I know what you mean when my reply was huh?
Yeah, exactly.
Alright, uh...
Well, the Wii just recently updated theirs, and the interesting thing about it, I mean, I could read this whole thing, but basically the part you want to know is that the Wii console and the Wii Network service are not designed for use with any unauthorized device or any non-licensed accessory.
You may not use any such device in connection with your Wii console or Wii Network service.
If you do it, it's illegal, voids the warranty, blah, blah, blah.
So it's interesting that they updated this to specifically target unlicensed accessories, but...
Do you think that has to do with the recent surgence of all these fake Mario Kart wheel things we've seen?
I need an NES Advantage update.
Let my NES Advantage work with the Wii.
You know what?
They should come out with an NES Advantage controller.
You know what?
There were the official items that had turbo buttons and crap.
Even NEC got it right with the TurboGrafx and PC Engine that it had a turbo switch on there that you could put it up to three.
So I don't see what the big deal is with cheats or anything.
Remember on the NES Advantage, I think it was that one, they had a slow button, too, that was just the start button being hit really quick?
You know what was great about that?
What?
Shooting games.
Mm-hmm.
Like Life Force.
Unless every time you hit pause, it goes do-do-do-do-do, and then pauses or whatever, and then so if you get that, like, it doesn't work.
It's horrible.
You just hear that noise over and over.
It worked great on, like, ice hockey, though.
That's what I remember.
I still have an NES Advantage out here somewhere.
I know we used them in one of our photo shoots that we did.
I have one.
It was fun.
I also have a robot.
Rob the robot.
Yep.
All right, well, let's get to some release dates.
Let's start over in the UK, shall we?
Okay.
Stuff is coming out.
Really only two games.
On the 29th, you get Grand Theft Auto 4.
Yippee.
And on the 2nd of May, Dream Pinball, which I'm actually more excited about than Grand Theft Auto 4.
and just a few other things that are going to be coming out in the month that's pretty good is the pool party.
No, I'm kidding.
It's been listed Rock Band heading out, Death Junior, the Iron Man game and Apollo Justice.
So you have that to look forward to coming up in May.
For the US, we're getting Baseball Mogul 2009 on the PC, Toy Shop on the DS, Let's Yoga on the DS, Let's Pilates on the DS.
Let's not.
Let's Pilates on the DS.
Brain Voyage on the DS, Great Wars Nations The Spartans on PC, and then let's see SNK Arcade Classics Volume 1 on PSP and PlayStation 2.
Then we've got Iron Man coming out on Friday on PlayStation 2, PlayStation 3, Xbox 360, Wii, PSP, and DS.
And then a couple smaller games here.
Today we had Mario Kart Wii, and on Tuesday we have Grand Theft Auto 4, but I'm sure no one's really going to be paying attention to that, and that's PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360.
But what the hell is Grand Theft Auto 4?
I mean, seriously, I haven't heard of that game ever.
I've never heard of it.
Never heard of it.
Grand Theft Auto 4 is also coming out in Asia.
That's a general release.
I usually do Japanese release dates, but also some general Asia release dates that are much broader region.
However, I am most confident that is not any type of localized version.
It's pretty much just a version of the game from the same one the US and the rest of the world is getting.
I don't know if Japan is scheduled to get a translated version of the game.
They got one for the other Grand Theft Auto games, didn't they?
I think so.
Maybe in the future.
They got them way late.
Yeah, they got them way later.
Just like, hey, same reason we have to wait forever for JRPGs to come out over here.
Same kind of logic, just in reverse.
So honestly, there is not a whole lot coming out because of the whole Grand Theft Auto thing, even though it's not coming out in Japan.
I don't get that.
But there is, on the Nintendo Wii, coming out in Japan.
Pro Yaku Family Stadium is coming out.
That's baseball.
Yeah.
This is interesting.
Link's Crossbow Training.
I didn't realize we got it way before Japan, but it is just now making its way to Japan on May 1st.
The Wii Zapper and Link's Crossbow Training.
Yeah, they aren't missing much.
Whenever you see the pro-yaku, that's baseball.
Baseball.
Well, who doesn't love... Excuse me.
Excuse me.
I'm dying.
Rob's dying.
I get his stuff.
Live radio.
Jesus.
Nintendo DS.
May 1st.
A bunch of stuff comes out.
Most of it is just peripherals.
For instance, you can get a new shiny pouch and a touch pen in all these different colors.
However, there are some games coming out as well.
Emblem of Gundam is coming out.
Katekyo Hitman Reborn Fate of Heat comes out on the Nintendo DS as well as Anpanman to Asobo ABC Kyoshitsu.
Anpanman
Panmon!
Panmon is great.
He looks like bread.
Well, he gets his own DS game very soon.
And on the Sony PSP, Nippon no Asoko Dei.
I don't know if that's some type of Japanese traveler game.
It's coming out from Sony themselves.
It means what?
Well, Nippon's Japan.
No Asoko Dei.
Yeah, that sounds like it would be traveling because it needs to go over there.
But probably not for us.
That's probably not something you want to import.
I'm going to show you what Anpanman looks like.
Alright, you do that.
Post me a link in chat or something.
Oh, that's cute.
I'm going to link it in the chat room because Anpanman's adorable.
Enough cuteness.
More gaming news.
I want Anpanman.
I wonder if they have any screenshots.
Actually, Warrior Bob was over in Japan recently and he IM'd me.
So I told him I wanted an Anpanman plushie.
Really?
Yeah.
He asked what cotton game it was I was looking for.
It's really cool.
I thought it was very nice of him to make it.
Make him come back on the show at some point.
Speaking of the show, which I should be paying more attention to instead of Anpanman, there's details released about Bionic Commander's multiplayer for anyone who was interested.
Now that is only going to be for offline play for Bionic Commando Rearmed.
But it will be presented in a zoomed out 2D sort of mode.
Sort of, I guess, like the playing a lot of people in Smash Brothers is done, I guess.
You have Deathmatch, Last Man Standing.
But they say the defining object is going to be your bionic arms.
You'll be able to block projectiles, grab power-ups.
You'll have that as your only weapon.
And then they're also saying is that they've made this 150 megabytes also for the size.
So it's going to have some stuff.
It will be live arcade, PlayStation Network, and PC in May.
Oh yeah, and there's one other mode that you have to go around without touching the floor.
Okay.
I'm kind of excited to check out the new Bionic Commando game.
It's going to be good times.
I should call that mode where you don't touch the floor Hot Lava mode.
Remember playing Hot Lava in kindergarten or elementary school?
No.
What the hell is this?
It's basically you'd play on playground equipment and the ground was lava.
It's like tag, but one person is the lava monster or whatever and they have to stay on the ground where everyone else is up on stuff and you have to try tag them and stuff.
God, you're really not up on elementary school recess games.
You know what?
After the show, let's go play Hot Lava.
I know an elementary school year.
Now, that would be a funny commercial for our show.
We had better games when I was in elementary school.
What happens when you take the video games away from the video gamers?
We took it a step further.
We used to have a game, a tag, that would involve a hula hoop and we'd throw it at each other.
Because playing a game like Hot Love or whatever with a very large piece of playground equipment, you can't obviously reach up 12 feet above you.
But you can throw a hula hoop at someone's head 12 feet above you, so...
DarkSakura.com
Okay, apparently, like, everybody knows Hot Lava in chat.
You know what?
I think there was a game we played that was just like that, except it was Sharks.
I think it was Sharks or something like that, where everything was Sharks.
I want to say there was a type game.
I remember a tag game that you played on Patreon, but it was like Sharks, I think.
Same thing.
Anyways.
Wait, real quick.
I got to say this.
You know, we all love those playground games from when we were kids.
You know, those that we can remember.
You know, I remember Smear the Queer.
Did you guys play that?
No.
I remember a bunch of us got busted.
A bunch of us got busted for playing that one day.
It was something you played with the football.
And, you know, whoever, like, had the football was the queer.
And you had to run around.
It's just horrible.
I know.
But, you know, the way things turned out, you know.
I don't wish to get smeared on a daily basis anymore, but I think that's why we got in trouble for playing it.
We used to play sockball.
But then everybody would try to grab that person and grab the ball away from them.
We would put a tennis ball in a sock and throw it at people.
I'm not joking.
That reminds me of that scene in what the hell was that movie by Kubrick, the war movie, Full Metal Jacket, where they all put the soap in the sock and start beating the guy with it.
Well, the whole point of this is that it's sort of like crazy dodgeball.
If you get hit with the sockball, then you have to go out, but you also become one of the people who gets to throw the sockball.
It's pretty funny.
Anyways, back on topic.
I want to say, we never were on topic on this show, damn it.
They need to compile a bunch of playground games into a game.
I think it's been done before, but not very well.
I want to say they need all these classes, but they need it on Xbox Live Arcade.
and something like, you know, where everybody's competing to be the king of the schoolyard.
Who wouldn't play that game?
Like, it's like a bunch of mini-games.
I get it.
I think it would be fun.
But, you know, they should actually do, like, a Simon Says one that uses, like, some sort of motion sensor or the Wiimote so it can tell where you're holding the Wiimote.
That might be fun.
That would be great.
Hold on, I gotta get chat comments.
Ranma says the game I was talking about, he says, Sky, that's called a blanket party, and now a highly illegal thing to do in the military.
A blanket party.
Hey guys, let's play Beach Blanket Bingo.
So, Bionic Commando.
It's not coming to Virtual Console anytime soon because Nintendo doesn't want it to.
And that's, of course, coming from Capcom's Vice President of Strategic Planning, Christian Svensson, who basically says that it couldn't happen.
It is up to Nintendo to allow it to happen.
Apparently...
The thoughts are maybe they didn't like the fact that Hitler's head explodes in the game.
Or the fact that, I don't know, Hitler's in the game at all.
No, he's Mr. D!
We need a fucking new... We need, like, Castle Wolfenstein to come to Xbox Live Arcade.
That'd be the shit.
With multiplayer.
Why don't they just rename him to Smitler?
Oh, I know he has another name.
But... Boll?
Yeah, name him Ui Boll.
In Bionic Commando.
It was Hitler.
But he looked like Hitler.
You know how there's some cats that look like Hitler and there's a whole website dedicated to that?
This guy looked like Hitler.
Well, he was in the Japanese one.
Alright.
Anyhow, something that will be coming to the Nintendo Wii, however, well, if rumors are to be believed anyway, this is a rumor, big rumor, it was a tip that was sent in to GoNintendo that Metroid Prime is being remade for the Nintendo Wii.
Now, keep in mind, Metroid Prime 3 was already on the Nintendo Wii, but the rumor is that 1 and 2 are being remade with all new controls and they will all be packaged into one
Comprehensive Metroid Prime game.
Like an ultimate box set, if you will, for the Nintendo Wii.
Thoughts?
Yeah, GameCube port getting some stuck-on waggle controls.
That sounds like the Wii.
I know, it just sounds like a cheap play for more money.
But you know there's people that would buy it.
Metroid Prime 2, the search for more money.
I was just thinking that.
I wonder if they would go back and add stuff to Metroid Prime 3 to kind of attract people that might already have it.
Super Metroid Redone in the style of Metroid Prime
Don't touch Super Metroid.
No, no.
Super Metroid is a god among men.
I'm saying it not be, of course, the same game, but I would like to see what some of those levels would look like from a different perspective, because I want the music, you know, and everything.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
Rob, we need an OLR-troid.
Cat's Yowl
Operetta of the LaserCat?
LaserCat Operetta.
Okay, it would be Screeching Match of the LaserCat.
Chorus, that's it, Chorus.
Some comments from chat Sephiroth1215 says Metroid Prime 1 felt a lot like Super Metroid Okay, I disagree with that comment 100% Because when I played Metroid Prime 1 for the first time I seriously, I was like, what the fuck did they do to Metroid?
And I threw the controller I did not like Metroid Prime at all when I first played it Now granted, I own Metroid Prime 3 now and it's grown on me this series But I was so mad that they raped Metroid by making it a first player game I was not so warm and friendly on the whole first person conversion
J-Rod says they need to go remake and import Eternal Darkness, never mind this Metroid nonsense, to which Siren follows up with, somebody take over Eternal Darkness is a good idea and give more games insanity gauges.
E3, Call of Cthulhu, Morphine
Some more stuff, how's that?
Anyhow, so the Metroid Prime Trilogy may be on its way to Wii, but we would rather Nintendo just put the resources into giving us a new 2D Metroid of uberness on the Wii, but we'll see.
Well, I'm very mad at Nintendo right now.
Why is this?
Pissed off!
Not up to F you, pissed offness.
But Club Nintendo, this elusive thing, this, you know...
Wonderful organization is out in Australia, not in America.
For everyone who got their copy of, what game was it?
It was from Mario Kart.
There was an invitation in there with a code on it that you could use to use that code and get Nintendo Star Points.
The site is not active yet, but you can get started on your saving up, I guess.
Hmm.
Alright.
Give it, Nintendo!
I know, Nintendo just needs to give it to us in America already.
Stop being whores.
I don't really know a nicer way to say it.
Stop being hoarse.
It's awesome.
So, you know, earlier this week it's not surprising because, you know, with a big game like Grand Theft Auto 4 obviously people are going to get early and leak it to the internet as they did, but to commemorate such a leakage the notorious BitTorrent site, the Pirate Bay is now calling themselves Liberty Bay with, you know,
Nico Bellic of Grand Theft Auto 4 on the front page there.
So that's kind of funny, I guess.
I love Pirate Bay so much.
Wait a minute, should you be admitting that on this program?
Yes, because I'll tell you why I love the Pirate Bay.
Because of where their servers are located, it's not illegal for them to have and distribute their content, the torrent files.
Wait a minute, that's where you get your Doctor Who fix, isn't it?
Okay, okay, enough said.
but what's funny is that all of these different facilities will send them letters of complaint and use ceases and desist and so they publish them on their front page and make fun of them and point out where what they're doing is legal in the country they're operating from and somewhere out there right now Ross Steel UT is throwing something at his radio no one has been able to shut them down
Alright.
Well, but just because it's out there doesn't make it right.
But it makes it awesome, and they're hilarious.
And you know, downloading import TV shows is nothing.
I mean, I don't think that should be a big deal, honestly.
If they've aired and they're gone and you want to get them, why not?
Anyhow, especially if they're never going to air over here.
I think somebody ought to upload a torrent of all this, all the old episodes of this.
Or actually, they don't need to because all these episodes are online now.
Starcade.
You remember Starcade?
Yes.
This show was fucking badass.
I remember this show growing up.
It was a show.
It was hosted by this guy.
I think his name was Jeff something.
It's been a long time.
Jeff, crap in the head.
I used to love watching Starcade on G4 and then they got rid of it.
Ladybug Cops.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
And who didn't want that when they were a kid?
Dude, I'm going to email these people.
I'm going to email these people and see if we can get them on the show.
You know what would be great, though, is if they were doing it.
I know this was before then, but giving away the SNK machines.
That's right.
With the multi-card.
Dan and I still want one of those.
I want to get them on the show because you know I've got to ask that question.
Will this show ever come back?
Will it blend?
If only I had the money, I would bring it back.
I know.
Well, you don't have the rights to it.
You'd have to make up a new video game show.
Whatever.
I'd buy the rights to it.
I mean, really.
What are they going to do?
Sit on the rights to that?
It'd be called OL Arcade.
No.
Patent pending.
It's done out of respect.
And if anything, and this also goes back to the argument with music and stuff, if anything, those fan subs probably drive up interest in the actual anime title.
And when it comes over here, it would probably fare a lot better than, say, if it wasn't fan sub.
DarkTetsuya and Actdeft in chat almost at the same time go, OL Arcade.
Thank you for watching!
but a little different to not get sued.
There was just that one show and I can't remember what it was but it was where you'd have like a partner team and they'd go through this trivia business and then they'd get to run through with these Velcro jackets.
Oh, I was just reading about that show on Wiki the other day.
I was just reading about it.
Somebody in chat will say it.
It's not Nick Arcade.
It's something else.
This predates Nick Arcade.
Somebody in chat will say it in a minute.
But I used to watch that show all the freaking time, and I so wanted to be on it.
Video Power, Credit to Ranma.
Video Power, that was it.
And there was also GameProTV.
Do you know that GameProTV was filmed right here in Sacramento?
Was it?
Yes.
I want to say I read something that they used the Sacramento studios, that it was actually produced by the folks with the NBC station around here.
I liked that one because that was the show that first introduced me to a concept that they never really did anything with that I thought was great and I would love to see games actually do this crap and that was the save card for the Neo Geo where you could play in the arcade save your data on the card and go play it on your Neo Geo system at home if you had a game
You could kind of do that with like F-Zero type things.
You remember that?
I know, it's a little shady, but... But I think that bringing back that sort of format for a game would encourage people to purchase the home version, too.
If anything, it'd drive sales, I would hope.
You know what?
I'm going to take back what I said earlier about GameProTV, because it says on IMDb they filmed it in Los Angeles.
Maybe it was just that they did a couple one-off shows, but I swear I read something.
Or maybe I'm getting it mixed up with another popular gaming show around the time.
So...
DarkSakura, what have you picked for the masses tonight?
I have picked Rival Schools, United by Fate.
And I want to play the intro music.
Okay.
Wait, you want to play the intro music, or you want to play the... No, I want to play some of the intro music for everybody, because this has the best intro.
Okay, well give me a minute, because I've got to pull up the intro music.
Tell them a little bit about the game, then we'll have the intro music.
Well, it's a fighting game, and it's put out by Capcom, and I love this game so much.
And the name in Japan was Shiritsu Justice Gakuen, which means Private Justice High School.
And you have different students that go to different schools.
Hold on, intro music.
Okay.
The energy of youth.
Alright, tell us a little more about this game.
Oh, well the other music I picked is my favorite level music.
The version of this that we had in rotation for a little while was the one I ripped off of my PlayStation disc back in the day.
So, um... It was, uh...
Basically, it was a 3D fighter and you had a partner, but there were actually several students that would go out to the same school.
It was basically, there were students going missing from the different schools, so the students would get together and try to find the people who had gone missing.
And in the arcade, there were...
I actually brought in two of the, actually one of them was one of the characters that had been missing and the other one was one of the teachers but they brought those into the home version as well but the game also had Sakura in it as a sort of hidden slash helper character who went to a different school but was friends with some of the other students
So it was pretty cool.
You would also have, each person would have their own special attack, but you could save up your energy and do a team attack where they would work together.
There were some of them who had buff attacks where the cheerleader type, oh my god, she's so annoying, but she'd come up and cheer people on and you'd get five power bars filled up, something like that.
or Hinata would come out and, you know, grab your hands and go, you can do it, you can do it, and you'd get back, like, some of your life.
You know, stuff like that.
Or, you know, other people would just have attacks.
It was very, very cool.
Very bizarre.
It's definitely...
It was very popular, but I still sort of think it is more one of the niche fighters, you know, in my opinion.
There were also different counter moves that you could do.
You know, in some cases you could block some certain special moves in a certain way.
You'd actually have attack cancels where you could, if you timed your hit just the right way, you could cancel out the other person's attack and then both of them would cancel out.
But if you are already taking some damage, it wouldn't, you know, decrease any of it.
In Japan, it came out with an extra disc that was called Neketsu Seishun Miki, which had a bunch of minigames on it.
And we got the minigame disc, except for the biggest notable difference about it was removing the dating sim mode.
the dating sim mode was actually where you were a student and you went through a full year of school and you made friends with the characters and you did all this other stuff and then based on who you made better friends with determined what moves you would get so when your school year was over you could play your character in versus mode
And the moves were, like I said, they're based on who you were better buddies with.
And that was taken out, although I did, and I spent 90 bucks on this thing because I wanted it so much.
They released a version 2 that had the Neketsu Seishun Niki Mode 2 that had a more in-depth dating mode and had a DDR sort of minigame in it.
Sort of.
It was like a dance-off mode in the middle of high school.
It was so crazy.
I also remembered that the funniest thing about me playing through this, because I knew less Japanese then than I know now, was one of the characters asking you when your birthday was, and then when you came to your birthday in that part of the sim, he would bring you presents.
Nice.
It was cool.
It was really cool.
And there was an actual sequel, which was Mori Justice Kakuen, which we got as Rival Schools 2, pretty much.
They actually had a customized character mode, but it was a board game.
It was actually pretty funny.
And you had bitch fight mode, is what I called it, where you do the little slappy hand fight.
But the characters in the game, there was Batsu, Hinata, Kyosuke, Hayato, Ran, her attacks were using a camera.
There was Shoma, who used a baseball bat, Natsu, who was a volleyball player, Roberto, who was a soccer player, Nagare, who was a swimmer.
All of his attacks were so stupid, he wore a Speedo and goggles to attack.
Hmm.
It was just so many good characters in the game.
It's one of my favorites ever.
Plus, I was really good at it.
Although, my favorite character is in the second one.
Who is that?
That would be this girl who kicks a whole bunch of ass.
And I don't know why I just... Oh, Zaki.
She wears a really long version of the school uniform, wears a mask, and fights with a chain.
She's really fun.
All right.
There you have it.
Your classic game of the week, Rival Schools here on Orange Lounge Radio.
Very popular choice in the chat room.
The chat room is blowing you kisses for that choice, and they approve.
So there you have it.
All right.
That means we're going to take a quick break.
We've reached the end of Part A, but don't fret.
There is plenty more Orange Lounge Radio to come this week, those of you listening on the podcast.
Just stay tuned for a few more days, and you will get Part B of our show.
See you then.
