you
Orange Lounge radio will be closing after April 12th
Thanks to all who have supported us in our five and a half years of broadcasting on April 13th
Please join us in our future projects at our new home
They work in the music business march to the corporate beat
But after hours they go online and make radio the way they feel it should be these are DJs on live
365 VIP members have part of their fees kicked back to these broadcasters
So when you listen to these guys you tell them they're right. It's a revolution join today at live 365 comm slash VIP
Y365
Wherever you are you're gonna see me fly
Across the midnight sky
Where were you to hold my hand
To the things that we had planned
Yes I need you by my side
When things go crazy
I just need to know you here
Guarantee that you'll be there
When I wake up in the night
Will you be my guiding light
I don't care how far I'll take a place
Tonight
Tell me where you are and everything's gonna be alright
Like a shooting star
Across the midnight sky
Just to be with you tonight
Like a shooting star
Across the midnight sky
Just to be with you tonight
To a crazy friend
We wrote this song specially for you
It's for everything you do
You are the best
Now get undressed
You are the cutest
That's why far
You took a risk
And brought our disses
You play it loudly in your car
You tell your friends
What about our band
We're intimate
This is what you are
F-U-C-E-R
When we play a show
It's good to know
You are in the crowd
We hear you scream so loud
You like to dance
And take a chance
So throw your undies on the stage
No wait
You're underage
You send us e-mail everyday
Sharp and touchy
You make your freak
So uber chic
You know what they're for
F-U-C-E-R
You're super sperm
And it's what you are
So super sperm
You just dance by far
You're super sperm
And it's what you are
So super sperm
So super sperm
To our future fans
And for our fans
Do you want to join our club?
We're on the road
It's super sperm
We'll just ask for one thing more
Come see our tour
You will agree
Let's make a long, long, long will
F-U-C-E-R
You're super sperm
And it's what you are
So super sperm
You just dance by far
This is what you are
F-U-C-E-R
You're super sperm
And it's what you are
You know it oh what you are
S U T E R
You're super sprung, that is what you are
So super sprung, Jesus plans by far
You're super sprung, that is what you are
So super sprung, Jesus plans by far
You're super sprung, that is what you are
So super sprung, Jesus plans by far
You're super sprung, that is what you are
So keep this ring and chain, just dance that song
I know, I know, I know, I know
Hey, you're listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
It is the end, guys.
30 minutes before we officially pull the plug on Orange Lounge Radio
and five and a half years of memories on Live 365.
But no tears, no crying, dammit.
There's no crying in internet radio
because the future begins at AllGames.com this Sunday.
The new chapter of Orange Lounge Radio.
But we take a look back at some of the important things
that have happened over the past five years.
And you gotta love this guy.
He was one of the first very accessible people on it.
Oh, actually, we're gonna take a quick little detour here.
Somebody's calling me a little early here.
We're gonna go Skype line.
Hello, are you there?
I'm here.
Hello, how are you, Jamie?
Tired.
Been all day at IKEA.
How was IKEA?
What were you going shopping for at IKEA?
It was Swedish.
It was very Swedish.
Were you going for meatballs or what?
We actually had meatballs.
And then I saw the herring and decided that it was disgusting.
And I bought shelves.
What are you gonna be organizing later?
The computer room.
Fun.
It's a wreck.
Sounds like fun.
It's a freaking wreck.
A freaking wreck.
Well, hey, we're at the end, Jamie.
This is 30 minutes before we pull the plug on the station.
And it's all over.
Are you sad?
No.
No?
Me neither, really.
We have a few people joining us.
The chat is filled up a little bit.
Chat.orangelaundry.com.
We have a handful of people here.
This is really the loyalist we have here tonight.
The people that have been with us through thick and thin, through five and a half years.
Do you have anything you want to say to those people as we say goodbye tonight?
To our listeners?
Yeah.
I like fire.
Always have and always will.
Yeah, I can hang out on the phone for a little while.
All right.
We're going to ignite our flame pit and charge some melon flesh.
Awesome.
Sounds awesome.
Well, hey, since you're on the phone, I'm gonna play a song just for you, okay?
Okay.
All right.
This is a game.
I'm doing things a little bit out of order here, but that's okay, Jamie.
I was gonna play something else.
We'll do this song.
This is a song from a game, and this is a little bit newer, but this is a game that
Jamie has just... She hasn't really shut up about in the past year because she just
loves this game so much.
It's Portal, and you gotta love this song.
Bobby wants me to remind you of this, though.
You know Jonathan Colton, the man who sings this song we're about to play, Still Alive?
You know he also sang a song called Skullcrusher Mountain, which was once in our cage match
like three years ago.
No, not that long ago.
Probably about two years ago.
Yeah, and everybody in chat hated it.
We all hated it, but now he's super famous with this Still Alive.
It's kind of ironic, don't you think?
His other stuff is pretty quirky, too.
It is pretty awesome.
All right, so here it is.
We're gonna play Still Alive for our listeners, and we'll come back and dish a little more
before we say goodbye tonight.
This was a triumph.
I'm making a note here, huge success.
It's hard to upstate my satisfaction.
Aperture Science.
We do what we must, because we can.
For the good of all of us, except the ones who are dead.
But there's no sense crying over every mistake.
You just keep on trying till you run above cake.
And the science gets done, and you make a neat come for the people who are still alive.
I'm not even angry.
I'm being so sincere right now.
Even though you broke my heart and killed me.
I'm twirling to pieces.
And through every piece came to a fire.
As they burned it hurt because I was so happy for you.
Now these points of data make a beautiful line.
And we're out of beta, we're releasing on time.
So I'm glad I got burned, think of all the things we learned for the people who are still alive.
Go ahead and leave me.
I think I'd prefer to stay inside.
Maybe you'll find someone else to help you.
Maybe Black Mesa.
That was a joke, haha, at chance.
Anyway, this cake is great.
It's so delicious and moist.
Look at me still talking when there's science to do.
When I look up there it makes me glad I'm not you, I've experimented too long.
There is research to be done on the people who are still alive.
Then leave me, I'm still alive.
I'm doing science and I'm still alive.
I feel fantastic and I'm still alive.
While you're dying I'll be still alive.
And when you're dead I will be still alive.
Still alive, still alive.
That's Jonathan Goldin here with Still Alive on OLR, the final little live show.
When we're going to be pulling the plug on OLR in 23 minutes.
Jamie's joining us by phone, you still there Jamie?
Uh, no.
You're half dead.
Hey, you want to hear the latest in the Live 365 drama?
This is hilarious.
Do tell.
I tried to send them a, oh my god, it's so hard to cancel your account with them, right?
So you have to send them an email in order to cancel the account because they have no handy dandy thing on the web.
So I sent them an email like on Monday, hasn't been responded to.
Sent them an email like second request Thursday or Friday, still hasn't been responded to.
So I'm just like great, they're going to try to charge my card tomorrow.
But aha, I'm one step ahead of them.
I'm going to call the bank tomorrow and put a stop pay on anything they try to do.
So things are going to get ugly.
Ha.
Well, you've already paid for the service and they're going to try to do those to just cut it off anyway, right?
Exactly, that's the thing.
I don't have 85 bucks or whatever much they're going to try to charge us for another month.
I don't want to be here another month.
We're ready for the future, dang it.
That's some crap.
I know, it's such crap.
The crap is the best part for it.
How did you put up with this for five years?
Because we were lazy.
Yeah, yeah, something like that.
We're super lazy.
Nothing is as motivating as being forced into it.
True, very true.
I think it's kind of part of the thing we're learning here throughout this transition.
But the future of OLR is going to be very exciting.
You know I got to play with the All Great Game stream yesterday.
I got to hijack it for a little bit.
It was lots of fun.
The quality is really good.
I think it's going to be a good time.
Well, I've got news.
What's that?
They brought up a blog for that Street Fighter movie.
Well, the blog was overloaded because of a lot of heavy web traffic.
But they've got it back up now.
It's at streetfightermovie.net.
Interesting.
Street Fighter The Legend of Chun-Li, which means I'm not going to watch it because she's my least favorite character.
I'll watch it if Kylie's in it.
Even if she has a cameo or is on the soundtrack, I'll still watch it.
Yeah.
It'll be awesome.
I'm sure we'll talk more about that on Tomorrow Night Show.
Also on Tomorrow Night Show, I just taped it not even 20 minutes ago.
It's the reason why we started a little bit after 7 tonight.
Farbs, the man who wrote Romcheck Fail is going to be on Tomorrow Night Show.
It's going to be good times.
Good times.
And I played a whole lot of Romcheck Fail today because I had to do research for the interview.
So it'll be good times.
Alright, hey, we've got to squeeze in a bunch more songs.
Everybody is wondering what the last song is that's ever going to be played on O.L.R.
And Jamie, I hate to tell you, I've already picked it out and there's nothing you can do about it.
I've already picked out the-
I thought that-
What?
I thought we were going to do the one that we discussed because I found it.
Oh, no, no, that'll be the next to last song.
But then it occurred to me that there really is only one song we can go out with.
There's really only one song.
But that'll be the next to last song.
Okay.
Alright.
See, even I'm keeping Jamie in suspense here.
But you will approve.
Trust me, you'll approve.
I will?
Yes, you will.
Will you tell me out there?
You better or I'm going to stick you with a spork.
Yeah, if you join chat or something, I'll tell you.
Okay.
Alright.
Hey-
I actually don't have IRC on this computer yet.
Dang you.
Go to chat.
I'm going to download it.
Go to chat.orangehondrena.com, silly pants.
I hate that client.
Alright.
Hey, we're going to play another song here.
We're going to play some remixes here in this break.
And one person we came to know and love during the OLR run on Live at 365 was Midi Head,
like the first accessible DDR artist to all of us.
He actually came on the show and did an interview and he was a lot of fun.
So we're going to play one of his remixes right now.
It's Midi Head's smack mix of Jelly Kiss.
We'll be back with more at the end.
See you on OLR.
Bye.
Bye.
Jerry Kiss here on Orange Lounge Radio.
Hey, you know, one of the first big whoopty-doo deal shows we ever had on Orange Lounge Radio.
Do you remember when we got to premiere a brand new DDR song before anybody else did
Dark Sakura?
Yeah.
And I'm thinking not even like we did it for some of the Xbox games a couple of years ago,
but even way, way, way before that because we had buddies at Konami.
We got to premiere the DDR version of Your Rain.
You remember that?
Yeah, I do.
It was huge.
We actually got some longtime listeners out of that one night.
It was a huge night for us.
So I thought maybe we could tip our hat and play that song.
Even though you hate this remix, Jamie, it's an important part of OLR history.
So I think we got to play it.
Here it is.
Here it is.
Here it is.
Here it is.
I will never forget how we teased everybody with like little bits and pieces and clips
of that song for like three hours.
And people actually stayed to hear the whole damn thing because they're awesome.
I know.
That was really cool.
That was an awesome night.
You know, we got to figure out a way to get the old shows to the fans because we have
people.
I mean, I got to say, I get emails from Misty all the time.
You got to let out the old shows.
I don't even know if we have all the old shows.
Some of them are like long gone.
I know there's at least one episode that got botched archive or something that's never
coming back, but a pretty good chunk of them.
We're going to have to get some DVDs out there in the next year or something now that we
have time since we're not managing a station 24-7 anymore.
Well, hey, guess who's in chat?
Hey, you're in chat.
Hey, then you can see everybody there, chat.orangelaungeradio.com.
Hey, while you say hello to people in chat, I thought since Loki's not on the phone tonight,
we need to tip our hat at the one and only Loki somehow.
Little known fact about Loki, he actually was not a full-time show host when the show
started.
He did not join full-time until episode 20.
And Jamie and I made the decision to anoint him as a host of the program because, well,
he just never went away.
I mean, he came to every single program, but he was very passionate and obviously has done
a lot, a lot, a lot, a lot, a lot of great work for OLR over the years and is just as
much a part of the station as the rest of us.
So I got to play a Loki remix because he's a very talented remixer.
This is probably one of the most famous remixes he did over the years.
So you ready for this?
This is Don't Play Nice, the Zodiac Mix by Loki and Verbilicious.
Oh, then don't answer your iPhone when you hear this, Jamie.
Don't Play Nice, by Loki and Verbilicious.
Don't Play Nice, by Loki and Verbilicious.
Don't Play Nice, by Loki and Verbilicious.
Don't Play Nice, by Loki and Verbilicious.
Don't Play Nice, by Loki and Verbilicious.
Don't Play Nice, by Loki and Verbilicious.
Loki versus Verbilicious with Don't Play Nice, the Zodiac Mix.
Eleven minutes until the plug gets pulled.
We don't have a lot of time, but hey, you know,
Orange Launch Radio started as a, you know, DDR, 2DX, BeatMania, Parappa,
you know, all those music games.
You started as a station like that.
We all came together, DarkSakura, myself, and Loki.
We all met playing DDR at the local arcade.
I mean, literally, that is how Orange Launch Radio started.
Do you remember the first time we met DarkSakura?
I do, actually. Wasn't it over in Milpitas?
It was. It was the day we all went to go play Para Para Paradise together.
Yeah, and so Siege was there and doing his thing.
That's right. Raven to the beat.
Jamie, what would you say is your favorite DDR song of all freaking time?
I'd have to actually say the Brilliant to You OG.
Brilliant to You OG. Shit, I had something else queued up.
That's all right. I can find it. I know I have it.
Honestly, that's been my favorite DDR song since, like, the very beginning.
What is it about Brilliant to You OG that makes it your very fav?
Because I'm going to do a block here of the host's favorite DDR song,
because I know Loki's, and I'll play mine too.
Tell me what you did have for me.
I had Love by Sonic Dream.
Actually, no. I love, I adore that song, but it wasn't my favorite DDR song.
That's all good. I think I have OG remixed queued up somewhere here.
I just got to dig for it a little bit. Not a problem.
I just thought that it was different, you know?
I thought that I liked the mix itself, and the steps were a lot of fun.
That's true. It was a lot of fun.
Definitely one of the first Carter songs I've done.
Oh my gosh, I do not have B4U Orchestral Groove. How is that?
I have, like, the entire DDR Freak Radio playlist from back in the day,
and somehow I don't have B4U Orchestral Groove.
Well, let me see.
How is that?
I have it.
I might have it. You know, I have the third mix.
Wasn't it on third mix?
I have it.
I'm looking in my portable drive now.
Okay, then we'll do mine and Loki's first while we dig for that,
so we don't have a lot of time.
I wouldn't expect you playing Love.
Alright, then we might play Love, just in the interest of time,
and everyone will just know for the record that Rob screwed up.
Hey, what better way to end OLR than me screwing up?
Here it is, Love by Sonic Dream.
One of Jamie's favorite DDR songs. One of them.
You're like a dream come true, I feel so beautiful.
And heart and style is all those of you.
Love, I've just got to have it.
I believe in love.
I can't be without it
Come to me and make your confession
Love, come let it go
Love, like it's got a habit I believe in
Love, I can't be without it
Come to me and make your confession
Love, come let it go
Here comes my favorite DDR song of all time and it's from a home version
Love, like it's got a habit
Theo
T- Tra campaigns
measure
T- Tra Unique
p1
k
She ya
T- Tra
T- Tra
Let it keep me hanging on
Understand me now
Listen to the words I'm saying baby
I found my soul
Let it keep me hanging on
Understand me now
The frequency of the beat gets higher
And I'm pretty sure this song is Matt's favorite DVR song
Let's move it on
Let's go
Go
Let's go
People now moving on
My dreams will come true
I'll be with you
I just can't stop thinking of you
You'll say goodbye
I'll make you fly
Into the deep blue sky tonight
I'll do everything to please come back
Into my life
Come on baby I'm waiting for you
Baby moving on baby baby turn me on
Baby baby moving on
Wanna be with you
Baby moving on
Let's dance all night long baby baby moving on
Baby moving on
Moving on
Moving on
Let's go
Alright it's almost that time
We're like four minutes from the end or about five minutes
I might go a little bit over but
Jamie it's just about over
I don't know what else to say
What Jamie?
I just said yeah
Oh okay I thought you said Rob
I thought you were going to do the Rob Rob Rob thing
Rob
What?
No
Alright
Well we
What?
No
Alright
We promise
I hate you
I hate you so much
What?
Hi
Hi
You know what Jamie?
It's time for you to get the F out
Of Live 365
No we swore that this was going to be our last song
And it's not
It's actually our next to last song in Live 365
But it's very fitting for the end of Orange Lounge Radio
It's 2 Live Crew with one of their classics
So anything else you want to say about this song Jamie?
I have memories of this song from my freshman year of high school
I'll play it that way
Awesome
And we dedicate this to all the OLR listeners
Who have stuck with us for five years
Through thick and thin right?
We dedicate it to all of you
And hope you'll be able to recover from the message in this song
Here it is, 2 Live Crew
It's my house, and if you don't like it, get the fuck out
So get the fuck out
You sorry ass bitch
You come in my house
Eating all my shit
So get the fuck out
You sorry ass bitch
Bitch, bitch, bitch, bitch, bitch
Bitch, bitch, bitch, bitch, bitch
Bitch, bitch, bitch, bitch, bitch, bitch, bitch
Get the fuck, get the fuck, get the fuck outna my bitch
Get up off your ass and clean up all this shit
Look at you, you sorry ass, but I'm raggedy bitch
You sittin' round my house, smokin' all this shit
So get on out my house, you slimy ass bitch
House, house, house, house, house, house, house, house, house, house
Get the fuck out, get the fuck out, get the fuck out my house
You're callin' all your friends on my telephone
You need to leave all them bull-daggin' bitches alone
I got bitches that do shit for me that you can never do bitch
They suck me, fuck me, and give me money too
Get the fuck out, get the fuck out, get the fuck out my house, bitch
Get the fuck out, get the fuck out my house, bitch
House, house, house, house, house, house, house, house
House, house, house, house, house, house
So get your ass out of my motherfuckin' house Let the doe dog hit you, well the dog should have bit you
You lazy ass bitch, I don't need to take this shit So get the fuck out of my motherfuckin' house
Bitch, get the fuck out Bitch, get the fuck out my house
It's my house, and if you don't like it, get the fuck out I don't give a fuck
Bitch, get the fuck out Bitch, get the fuck out Bitch, get the fuck out my house
Catch, catch, catch, catch, catch, catch, catch, catch
Well guys, here it is.
The end.
This is it.
It's eight o'clock.
It's time to pull the plug.
It's time to say goodbye to the station we started five and a half years ago.
It's time to say hello to the future.
Can we set it on fire?
Huh?
We're still here.
What?
Can we set it on fire?
Can we set the station on fire?
God damn I wish.
But no, what we're going to be doing, the reason why we're pulling the plug at eight
is that we want to be cleared out.
We want to be moved out by 9 Eastern and that means we're going to be purging everything
from the archives because we don't want Live 365 to continue to operate our station as
a VIP only thing.
Everything is going to be completely wiped and officially we've merged with AllGames.com
but you know I must say I'm going to miss being the overlord of my own radio station
with my friends.
You know, getting to take over the stream randomly.
No more random bursts of Abba.
It's kind of going to be sad but what can you do?
That's what Justin TV swore right?
Yep.
And then of course you know, you never know, we might be able to twist Bobby's arm enough
and maybe we get something special over at AllGames like a very fucked up Christmas from
Jamie and Rob or something like that.
You never know.
So.
So.
That would be fun.
I'm sorry, the chat was correct to me, it's supposed to be 9 Pacific which would be Midnight
Eastern.
I want to be moved out by Midnight Eastern which is only about an hour away and I have
dinner planned.
So this is it.
The last song.
I'm going to introduce it here in just a moment but Jamie, do you have any last things you
want to say?
Um, a couple things.
Sure.
Number one, Live 365, thank you for giving in to the whole RIAA scare tactic bullshit
going on.
That's the number one thing.
Number two, I really like hamburgers and number three, cinnamon buns from Ikea are really
really really tasty and smell really really really good but they're really really bad
for you.
And the very final thing is reject false icons.
Of course.
I have to name a new one.
This has been my catchphrase for life.
Okay.
Nothing changes until you make a change.
That is true.
Very true.
And now we're making a change.
We're going to change tomorrow is when it all starts.
This is kind of sad.
It's a sad moment.
It's happy and it's sad, you know what I mean?
Like I feel bad for all the folks that have really supported us over five and a half years
of internet radio.
I know the show, the music and all that stuff is going away, but you know, obviously the
show is still going to be there.
We're still going to be there.
The community is still going to be there.
The oil army is still going to be there.
Nothing is really going away except our stream.
And as we merge into Voltron, what's that?
We're starting over.
We are starting over indeed, truer words.
So that's it.
I just want to say thank you to everybody in chat right now.
Everybody who couldn't be here tonight, but wanted to be everybody that supported us for
five and a half years.
And please continue to support us in the future.
That's going to bring us to the last song and Jamie, do you want me to hang up or just
keep you on through this?
I'll stay on.
Okay.
This is what's going to happen folks.
I'm going to play the last song, which you know, after thinking long and hard, we wanted
to pick one song that really just encompassed everything that Orange Lounge Radio in the
past five and a half years.
If you could just sum it up into one song, this is it.
So we're going to play this and then that's it.
You're going to hear silence and then you're going to hear the stream get cut and that's
the end.
So that's it.
Any last, last, last things, Jamie, because this is really it.
We're not saying anything after the song.
It's over.
The plug's getting pulled.
I guess I hope you all have been listening to.
Absolutely.
You know that Herring Row I was talking about earlier?
The brand is ABBA.
Awesome.
All right.
So you have candidates, that's us.
You will keep going on with randomness as long as I let you.
Yes I will.
Okay.
Play the damn song.
All right.
Group hug and chat everybody.
Here it is.
The last song and then the plug getting pulled.
Thank you for myself, Dark Sakura, Loki, everybody.
Thank you for your support of Orange Lounge Radio.
We are starting over.
We'll see you tomorrow night at AllGames.com.
Good night everybody.
Good night.
Good night.
Good night.
Good night.
Good night.
Good night.
