I love Theorhythm. It's easily among the best spin-offs of a decades-long series that
accentuates one of the consistently best things to come from it. However, I miss Theorhythm
Dragon Quest, predominantly because it only came out in Japan. Reportedly, the final Barline
team wants to branch out beyond Final Fantasy and Square Enix properties. Two sore thumbs
way up. Yes, please. This is the BMS FMS OMG LOL update. Now it's time for your hosts Rob
Roberts, Jamie Sommers, and Loki to tell you more about this and the rest of the week's
gaming news. Starting right now on the show where every gamer has a voice.
Hello, my friends out there on the internet. Welcome back to another week of the show where
every gamer has a voice. It is Orange Lounge Radio. We are live once again with episode
number 949 of our show for tonight, February 19, 2023. My name is Rob Roberts and I'm here
with you every week with my pals to talk about the latest and greatest in video gaming and get
your input as we tape live because we want to hear your thoughts too. But in the meantime, you
get my thoughts and you get the thoughts of DarkSakura or Jamie Sommers. Hello. Hello. How
are you doing?
I feel better than I sound.
I was gonna I was gonna kind of get a check in because I know you know you were out two weeks
ago that you're like still recovering last week. So mostly on the mend at this point you feel
better than you sound.
Yeah, I mean, my throat's still pretty bad. I honestly think that my bout with COVID kind of
undid some of the the good that had gone from my my week saw from work. So I emailed my doctor
because I'm pretty sure I have a sinus infection now.
Oh, gosh.
Well, you know, I get them like at the drop of a hat. So it's not like it's just the cough
afterward I've already taken. I always forget like their their brand name, like Tesla line pearls or
something. It sounds like something from a sci fi show. I know it has been donated. It's really
good cough suppressant. I mean, well, I have to get a prescription and then there's this crap.
Well, for gosh sakes be healed.
Lido cane.
Yeah, it's Dennis numbing solution there.
It's not delicious. It's but it feels really good when you've like gotten past the initial
nastiness, especially if you drink something cold with it. It's like extra numb.
All right, well, I mean, hopefully the upside to being sick is that you've had a lot of time to
play games, but we'll check in in just a little bit. In the meantime, let's say hello as well to
Techmaster Loki. Hi, Loki.
Hey, how's it going?
I am doing good. How's your week been?
It's been all right. Yeah. Busy, busy. Yeah.
So we do tape live of course, at twitch.tv slash vog network, the voice of geeks network every
Sunday night at nine o'clock Eastern six o'clock Pacific right after the Bobby Black Wolf show. And
if you care to join us live, you can see our lovely faces as we're chatting doing this show and
sometimes there's visual flair going on. For example, Loki likes to have, you know, different
video games that are playing behind him while he's chatting and tonight I it looks like some
version of theme park or is that is that the new the newer one rollercoaster? Planet Coaster? Yeah,
okay. Yeah, it's that one. I'm sorry, but every time I see one of those theme park games, I always
think of that video I saw somewhere of rollercoaster tycoon or something where like the the
Rihanna song is playing and it's all happy. And then the coaster goes off the rails and everybody
dies and it turns to Adele and I don't know why it's the funniest fucking video, but it is. So
anyway, it's a lot funnier than I just described it. I promise look it up on YouTube. I don't even
know what it's called. But Tiger Claw will still find it I'm sure so. But why Planet Coaster? Is
that a game that you've been into lately? Or you just been thinking about?
No, I just I saw a video earlier this week of one of the streamers I watch, Doug Doug,
and he did a thing where he was trying to survive in Planet Coaster for one hour. But every five
minutes of random like he had this giant wheel they'd spend there'd be a random kind of handicap
in the game. So like whether you had to like spend half your money on benches or like move the
coaster to the farthest end of the park and like ridiculous stuff like that. And so it was it was
just like that video is pretty funny. So it reminded me of that as like, you know, I should
probably play that game since I have it and I not played it but I probably should play it looks fun.
Apparently SSJ 100 Matt won the YouTube fight there because there it is. Apparently that's it.
I can't bring it up because I don't want to get the station DMCA'd with the copyright music,
but I'm just assuming it's right. So good job, Matt. Awesome. All right.
I've seen that video without the music before.
The music makes it that much better. It really does. All right. Sorry to the podcast listeners.
Ask on Discord. We'll post the link at our Discord over at vognetwork.com slash discord,
where you can join and chat with us throughout the week or throughout the next two weeks. I know I've
been saying this, you know, broken record the last month. But for those that, you know, maybe don't
check in every week and what have you, I will not be here next week. Alan and I are going on a
well-deserved vacation. I'm just gonna say it. We earned it and we're going on vacation. And we did
this in 2020 right in the before times we went on the Star Trek cruise. So we are going again this
year. We skipped, they actually did a cruise last year. But between the home buying and we still
weren't quite comfortable with where COVID was at in the world at that point. So we didn't go
last year. But this year, it's kind of one of those. Well, that thing can get me anywhere. So
I'm just saying screw it and going on the cruise and I think we'll have a good time. So excited
about that. So but I won't be here. So I'm not here to push buttons. So are you streaming next
week Dark Soccer? Are you gonna like just take a week off yourself? Yeah. Awesome. So then check
out Dark Soccer. No, I have a week to make up for. So come hell or high water, you know, I'll
hire a voiceover artist if I have to have someone speak for me, but I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna
start at our time too. You know, with the modern, you know, technology that is AI generated voices,
you could actually just copy your voice with about a minute worth of clips. I've played with that,
and it's fun. You could do it. It sounds weird to myself, but like it's, I'd say it's like 80%
convincing. Link me the thing because I actually what I want to do is use that for Midna in my
videos. Yeah, that could be fun. Get that individual with their absolute chaotic energy
that plays Dead by Daylight Swift with you on stream and get them to just narrate your stream.
Yeah. Shayla would totally do it. Just have Shayla narrate your stream. But honestly,
when Shayla's in there, I don't really have to talk because all of them through the background
you hear, I love you. I love you. Yay, babe onomori. Yay, RPG. I love Shayla. I'm gonna go
boop the killer. I'm gonna go boop the killer. Love me. Love me. Love me. It's really funny.
Did I tell you about the trickster that we totally confused the other last week?
Here we go. I've derailed with Dead by Daylight talk. All right. Make it quick.
We've got news to get into. Okay. It's by daylight derailed by daylight.
But like, I was, I was just gonna play straight. We were in the airy and I was working on where
the no, no, no. Never play straight. Always play gay. Rob. All right. I was going to play
standard. I was going to play a normal game. Got her. And next thing I know, here comes Shayla
being chased by the trickster and then like doing the little, you know, bop thing in, in front of
him and then pointing. And I was like, Oh hell. So I just came over and did the same thing too.
And he just like followed us around for half the match before he decided to start playing seriously.
And then afterwards he comes in my chat and it's like, I'm so confused.
So we, we explained that, that Shayla is the killer whisperer.
And, and I, I said, yeah, we killer mains know our own. I'm a dirty pig main.
All right. All right. So it was pretty funny though.
Derailed by Daylight. Just another segment here on Orange Launch Radio. I love that name.
That's right. Yep. We need to, can somebody arrange that on the Wiki? A Derailed by Daylight
page. All right. And when it was Mass Effect, was it Mass Derailment?
Something like that. I think it was Mass Effect at some point.
All right. Moving on. Let's talk about other video games that are in the news this week.
And Metroid Prime, the remaster is in the news. But this particular reason, maybe not a great
one, but let's talk about maybe the standard this game is calling attention to. I don't think this
is the first game where this has happened, but let's talk about it. Loki, you want to get into
this for us? It's not the first game that's happened. I'm not sure why we can't just include,
you know, credits for the people that make games, but apparently Metroid Prime remastered does not
include the full original game credits. So that everybody that worked on the original game
is not credited in it. All you get instead is a single card that says based on the work of
Metroid Prime, original Nintendo GameCube and Wii version development staff. Like,
it doesn't cost anything to put credits in the game unless they have like some sort of contract
with your name appears in this, then you get money somehow or something like that, which
I mean, they probably should be owed some money at the very least. But I don't understand why
it would be so hard to put current credits for somebody that worked on the game originally. Like
that's what they do when they adapt things and stuff like that. I've seen other remasters that
they put the credits in there. But this isn't like the first time that they've done this.
I remember, I'm trying to remember which game it was now. But I know we had something like that
where it was, you know, the original creator of it wasn't credited before. It wasn't that long
ago either. But I don't know, it is kind of annoying. Let me ask a difficult question, though.
If this individual who tweeted about it, who I'm assuming was one of the individuals who worked on
the original game, if this person hadn't called it out, would anyone have noticed?
Like, how many people are actually watching video game credits? And please don't say yes,
just because you want to be different out there. Like, I just think there's a lot of people,
and I'm not, you know, please don't misunderstand me. I do think, you know, the people that did work
on the game deserve to be acknowledged and so forth. I'm just kind of curious if anyone would
have really noticed if it hadn't been pointed out on social media, because I don't think a lot of
people watch video game credits, or they might play a mini game during the credits or something
like that. And I understand like the, I understand the point, like, if this is a game that's
completely rebuilt from the ground up, and using some of the assets, and even kind of rebuilt the
assets too. So like, I get it, like, it's weird, you know, crediting the original team when you've
basically taken none of their work and just redid it. But I mean, there's still story and other
elements and stuff like that. I still think that they should be credited, like at the very least,
you know, original game, you know, something brief, like, you know, just listening to team
members or something like that, you don't have to go into detail, like this person did, like,
you know, artwork in the original games, like when that's not necessarily represented in the
full game. I still think it is kind of a little bit of like, kind of a, I don't know, but it's
not nice. It's not nice. But to that, like, I don't think it's necessarily the team that did
the remasters job to put that information in there. Also, they may have not had that information
to begin with, like, they may not know who worked on the original game.
Well, right. But like, are you going to watch everything and, you know,
transcribe everything like that's not something. Yeah, you could, but that should be provided by
Nintendo, Nintendo should say, Hey, you know, we want to make sure or they could have reached out
and said, Hey, we want to put the, you know, we want to credit the people that originally worked
on this game. Can we get a list of the credits from the previous game? I don't know. I don't
know what goes on behind the scenes. But yeah, I think it is kind of get their name in there,
even if they lower the font size or do it like what I mean. But this is what credits turn into
sometimes is I think about when they show a movie on TV. And then like, instead of letting the
credits roll, they reduce the credits to like a quarter of the size of the screen while they're
showing the preview for the next movie. And then this credits are just flying by like they turn up
the credits like 10 speed, which is or they flash along the bottom like there's different ways that
they do it. And I think that's I think that's for union related reasons and kind of the point I
wanted to get to. I think those credits have to be shown for like union related reasons. The TV
station just can't cut them out as part of the rights for airing the movie. I wonder if video
game industry is headed for unionization as we've talked about many, you know, past months on this
show. I wonder if we shouldn't see something in there about video game credits in these types of
cases and when they should be kept in the game. I think it would be interesting to see what comes
to that. Whether it ends up being credits on fast forward or what? I mean, this has always been an
issue in the industry. I mean, do we do we not remember adventure or was it adventure? Yeah.
Or the Atari of that era was infamous for not crediting their designers, which is why a lot of
the talented folks went over to Activision, where you could play David Crane's Pitfall,
like his name was right there in the, you know, title of the game. Yeah, that was, you know,
it's interesting to think about Activision today and all of their problems. But actually, in the
80s, Activision was kind of seen as the one that was more progressive when it came to the rights
of the game makers by crediting them in the games and they lured talent that way was huge deal. And
then yes, one of the earliest Easter eggs and adventure like you brought up the initials of the
game's creators. That was that was put in there as kind of an F you to the whole lack of credits
thing. So we can't do that because they would be they caught wind of anything like that. Okay,
we're gonna patch that out, you know? Yeah. So, yeah, we can do and but also remember back in
those days, one person often made those entire games, you know, et yards revenge were both made
by one person is actually the same person infamously the best and the worst 2600 game,
although I actually don't think et is the worst 2600 game, because there's a good game in there
somewhere. Whereas there's other games on the Atari 2600. But there is no good game in there
whatsoever. But I digress. I'm going in the chat over twitch.tv slash vog network some folks
answering the question about do you actually look at the chat. Fifth dream in chat says I know
people who named Pokemon who haven't been in the credits since then. Dr. Tia says I heard this was
also an issue with the Pac Man World remaster. Fifth dream says I let them roll. I don't read
every credit. Bobby Black Wolf says depends on how good the music is that's playing behind the
credits. Or if my name is in the credits as a backer. I think we all enjoy a good little
mini game in the credits like Smash Brothers comes to mind. I think there's quite a few shooter games
out there too that have like shooting mini games in the credits and things that didn't katamari
damasi have like a roll up the credits thing or am I making that out? Okay. Oh, no, it did. Yeah.
So there's that. Bobby Black Wolf says if you worked on the game three years ago and left the
company, they don't put your name in the credit. To be fair, some modern games only credit the
people who are with the company when the game is released. Interesting perspective. And then some
other folks bringing up other games that have like credit mini games that help you to get paid
attention. As Joe and Hunter Matt says credits are a voluntary experience for the most part in
gaming. I kind of feel why not just include them if the credits are too long folks can skip them
or not just watch them just seems odd. Well, I always I mean, maybe I'm wrong. But I you know,
Marvel movies are infamous for their post credit scenes and their mid credit scenes and all of
this. And why do they do that? I think in part it's to get people to stay through the credits.
Because pretty much any time you go to see a movie, people get up and leave during the
credits. Although now Marvel has conditioned us all to be afraid to do that. I remember
literally sitting there during Megan and I was like, do we do we need to sit here in case there's
something after the credits. And we quickly googled Megan after credits. And we saw Okay,
no, there's no after credit scene we can go. But it's just it's interesting how that but then you
think think back to the early movies, the early days of movies. credits used to be in the beginning
of the movie. Most relevant example I can think of would be like Rocky Horror Picture Show,
you know, I've seen that movie a lot. And think about that whole opening song with the lips. It's
the opening credits. Now it's not an exhaustive list of credits as they often weren't in that day,
but you get a lot of big credits at the top. This is kind of interesting. So Bobby Lockwolf says
most of the people in the Ant Man screening I was at last night left after the midpoint. Well,
that's on them. I tell you, that's fine. You really only miss a preview of Loki season two
anyway. So it's no big deal. Let's see Fit Dream says I never left because I remember some end
credit scenes as early as the 80s. Dark to see says good. We didn't miss anything. That must be
a reference to Megan. That's really funny. So um, so yeah, I don't know that the credit issue is
interesting. But I think, oh, yeah, Bobby Black will bring it up an 80s movie that had that
Ferris Bueller asking Why are you still here? Remember that after the credits? Go home. Yeah,
it's good, good stuff. But it I think this is gonna be a very interesting issue, especially as
we start looking at like the furthering of unions and games like how this credit issue and even to
Bobby's point, what happens to those folks that they worked on the game, but they left the
company? How do they get credited? I think there's going to be some interesting stuff to come with
this. But also what I would say to the developers out there is put mini games in your credits and
put post credit scenes in there. So if you if you really want people to watch them, but also
some credit scenes are really, really long, like Final Fantasy 14's credits are a lot, especially
I would I would actually encourage you not to watch the realm reborn credits because I believe
they credited all of the 1.0 players that met certain criteria are like actually in the credits
of realm reborn or the early version of it. I think my favorite credits that they've had was
the Lego Movie Two. They made a song about the credits that now that's clever. I like that. And
that was funny. It was great. I like the little mid credit and post credit sequences. I think
that's enough to get people to stick around and like every every RPG at this point has a lot of
those. So you know, it's good. Fifth Dream points out the Weird Al movie has a good end credit song.
All right. Yeah, there's a lot of there's a lot of good stuff out there. But as far as this game is
concerned, it's it's really a shame what happened to the folks. But also I would kind of ask like
how many people are actually watching these credits. I think we need to maybe have an online
resource as well. Make sure that these folks are credited on the video game version of the internet
movie database and that sort of thing, you know, make sure that they have the credits,
so that when people are looking up their names to see what they worked on for industry stuff,
you can kind of see like what they what they've done fully, I think is a good thing to have out
there too, because that's really what credits are for, right? If your game wins an award,
you want to be able to tout that award. All right. Let's move on and talk about our gaming
weeks, whether we rolled credits or not, the types of video games that we have been playing
this week. So Dark Sakura, we'll start with you. How was your gaming week?
I played Star Ocean last night on my stream. And I had to do a lot of backtracking. But
I'm really having a good time with it. The game is absolutely gorgeous. And the sprites are huge.
And it's got all the extra audio in it. It's such a good game. And then I was what else I do.
I played of course Dead by Daylight, but I only played like one night because it's funny. Okay,
so I've been in training at work to get myself back into the general scheme of things. And I
had to be up at 5am or 5.30am like that to be at work by seven. And well, the night before that,
because you remember I was just getting over COVID. I went to bed that Monday at like 2am,
or technically Tuesday morning and woke up at 5pm at the time I normally stream.
Needless to say, I didn't play Dead by Daylight that night and I didn't stream. So I'm
uh, I am going, I'm also, I did play A Little Among Us. I love that game. It's pretty fun.
I'm playing my wordscapes. I'm super addicted. And I've honestly gotten to where I can beat
some of the harder levels in like 15 seconds. Because I'm a word nerd.
Um, and then we watched a couple of documentaries. One was on the
entire history of Samus Aran. And the other one was on the history of the Star Fox series.
Which actually makes me really disappointed that Star Fox Zero wasn't a better game.
Because it was beautiful. That's it. Oh, one more thing. One more thing.
Okay, we have we have the Beatlemania Pinball Table by Stern.
Oh, yeah. Didn't you mention last week you traded for it?
We did. And I actually finally played it. And it goes sometimes from being a complete
proper gentleman to being a right arsehole.
Love it. By the way, a fashion comment from our chat over twitch.tv slash vog network,
Garth the Wolf in chat saying Jamie, I love that your hair matches your glasses.
And for the those in the podcast feed they do and the lipstick I think matches to the darker color
of the glasses a little bit more purpley. The color is called hold on I have it with me.
Orchis by color pop. And for those looking, it is very dark.
Bobby wants to know what you traded for Beatlemania.
Well, it was a temporary trade. We traded Indianapolis.
Hmm.
Um, so no, we traded racing for for classic early rock.
But I love that table so much those Beatles your local community that like Dan participates in
they trade tables for like the sake of just having different stuff in and out of the house.
Yeah, let's say Yeah, trading Nintendo cartridges. Exactly. It's not always a value based trade
necessarily. Like, you just kind of all know each other and you know, you're all good for it.
Basically.
Yeah, and I mean, it's, it's not like we haven't done permatrades before for equal value.
You know, it's just that, you know, everybody in the community loves their tables and we know
everybody else loves their tables. And so like, there's even like trade work that goes on from
time to time too. But, but at this point, you know, we, the people that we will trade with
know that we will take care of their babies. Yeah. And it's a good way to experience a table
you might not have otherwise experienced. Yeah. Good call. All right. I can't wait to get where
now. Oh. All right. Well, let's move on and talk to Loki about his gaming week. How was your gaming
week? Loki is just Minecraft again. I mean, as as his tradition, I was mostly playing my modded
version. So the monsters of mechanics stuff, I'm just trying to set up my next build. So I
finished designing it finally this week. And I've been gathering materials and, and figuring out
different mod conflicts, because we had a problem with a mod they had added in where now I couldn't
claim ladders, for some reason. And it's a really weird mod to cause that problem, but it did. So I
figured it out and took it out. But yeah, it's been it's been a lot of fun. I've been having
some fun with it. I'm still disappointed that it's taken me so long to get an episode out
under that series right now. And then I know going into like, the actual S&P stuff for channel 64.
That's gonna take a while to because what I need to design next is a, I think it's I think I'm
doing too much is what I think I'm doing. Because I look at like, for example, hermit craft and like
mumbo jumbo is the guy that just came back off of like an eight month hiatus. And he like,
literally worked on like a teeny, teeny, teeny tiny part of his base. And he didn't even finish
it. He like continue working on it from like the previous episode. And like here, I look at the
stuff I'm building. It's like, like a whole mega vase size, like build every episode. And I think
it's too much. I'm doing too much. So it takes like four times as long, which I don't know if
that's good or bad. But like, it's just I want it to be more frequent. But I don't know how to
divide it up enough to where I can be able to do that on a regular basis. So that's gonna be
something for next season to figure out and stuff. But we got more news today about like,
or not this today, but this week about the new Minecraft version. So they added like,
cherry blossom forest type thing as like a new biome and stuff. So that's kind of neat.
Yeah, but yeah, my mod series liking it. It's been a lot of fun. All right.
My gaming week. So early on, it was a lot of the similar stuff I always talk about on the show,
like Final Fantasy 14. I've been trying to get the trophies on the PlayStation five version,
because 14 on the PlayStation five has separate trophies from the PlayStation four and PlayStation
three loads. So that's been kind of fun to go through that. I played a little bit of crash
bandicoot the trilogy I played a little bit of the first game because that was one of the games
I just loaded onto my PlayStation five because I was like I picked that up and PlayStation Plus
at some point just never really played it. So I played a little bit of that. And then dead by
daylight just a little bit not a lot saw the latest info about the new killer and you know,
I mean, it looks all right. I don't know how well balanced that killer is going to be.
The new survivors are more interesting than the new killer, quite frankly.
The killer is really cool, but her Mori is crap.
The killer is a well designed character. I'm just not sure I'm into them as a killer,
but we'll see. I mean, they also tend to change things before the actual release. So we'll see.
I think she'll get a more interesting Mori but I really do like the the drone mechanic.
Oh, I will say this about that new killer as long as we're going to derail by daylight.
A lot of people were compared actually I really whoever said I'm sorry, some streamer said
their mechanics really remind them of the predator. And I was like,
that's a really interesting call out because predator DLC has been rumored for a long time.
Holly Esther did a video on if she was supposed to be predator or not.
And then I look at her face. And a lot of people say, oh, she's like Terminator,
she's like a T2 robot type of thing. And I could maybe see that type thing too. But you know what
she really looks like to me? Fem Kano. She's Fem Kano. She's not Kano, she's Kana. That's Kana.
That is that is what she is to me. She's Kano with the lasers and everything. That's her.
And that's why her Mori should be a laser burn like Kano's thing or the heart thing or something.
She's wearing a mask and it's not built into her. All of her stuff is add on.
I know, but it still reminds me of that.
But I was in a polyester stream when the PTB went live. You know, just hanging out and chatting and
watching the new killer. And there was a person who's like, yeah, she's like, X23,
who is now Wolverine for the record, there's two Wolverines, meets something else, you know.
And I was like, I don't know. I mean, they were just saying that she was way too derivative.
But I went and I actually ripped the model out of the game files. I actually went and downloaded
all of the game models so that I would have this PTBs worth of models. And when I put her together,
there's a lot of really good detail on her weapon that makes it look like something that she did
build herself. And I think that the best description of her is anti Batman.
Yeah, yeah. Oh, she's very anti Batman. But anyway,
She's like Batman, but a serial killer.
So anyway, Brazilian.
Yeah, yeah, it's all Brazilian pack, basically, because the survivors are a Brazilian brother
and sister too. So you know, fun to have different countries represented and all that.
So anyway, the bulk of my gaming week is they're easily calling out in the chat right now over
twitch.tv slash vog network, I've been playing this shit out of theater them final bar line,
because that released the middle of this week for PlayStation four and switch and I did pick
it up on PlayStation five backwards compatible PlayStation four, obviously. So I've been playing
a bit of that I had a little trouble getting it up and running. Something I found out was that the
3.0 dashboard beta for the PlayStation five, which I guess they were giving away codes that
you could give to your friends. So you know, Shane hooked me up with a code. And I installed that we
actually the beta dashboard is nice, because we were using discord on the PlayStation, as I was
getting my trophies unlocked and Final Fantasy 14 and all that. So there are good things about that
beta. But the bad thing is, it prevented theater them from unlocking on time. And it took me a
little bit to figure that out. And I was doing this all live. And I'd promised Oh, we're gonna
go in theater them right as its launches are going to be live. And of course, I get held up for 30
minutes trying to diagnose why it's not running. Finally, we figure out it's the beta. So anyway,
I hope they fix that for future releases, because that was annoying to say the least. But once I got
and that that's not a Square Enix problem. That's a Sony beta problem. And in complete fairness,
because somebody actually asked him I chat when that happened, like, Oh, are you gonna, you know,
tweet at Sony and you know, complain at him for what's going on. And I'm like, like, honestly,
this is why when you sign up for a beta, they warn you many times, the beta may be unstable,
you're in a beta for a reason to find problems like what I found the other night. So there's
really nobody to complain to. I fucked around and I found out so to speak, except you know,
I wasn't doing anything wrong. But that is just there are pitfalls to doing betas. And that is
one of them. So there's nobody to complain to. Luckily, it's very easy to revert. So I actually
give Sony credit for that it was very easy to revert and be able to get in the game right away
for that. So I've been playing the shit out of theater them. Every second of the game I've played
I've streamed so I played like three hours on Wednesday night, three hours on Thursday night,
four hours last night. I don't usually stream for more than four hours. But last night was
an exception. There's a definite lack of Angela Aki. I know you're so pressed about that. But
there's there's a lot of strange omissions. Considering that there are over 500 songs when
you count all the DLC and stuff. It does make the omissions stand out that much more. But I
understand that there are licensing issues and things like that. For you know, for you,
you're missing that song. For me, I was disappointed. They don't have any Endwalker
stuff from Final Fantasy 14. Because like close in the distance is one of the most amazing songs
ever written for a video game. And the fact that that's not in there is tragic. But maybe it'll be
DLC later. Who knows? The old da music like the the levels. I my favorite music in 14. I don't
know if old old does in there. I'd have to look at the list. So but they have like status. Yeah,
that's my favorite music in the entire game so far. There's a there's a lot of songs that are
missing. But there are a lot of songs that are in it. And I have to say overall, I don't want to
dwell on these missing songs because honestly, the game is incredible. Those those omissions aside,
like you know, things that are my jam Final Fantasy games, music games, retro games. This
really hits on all those points. And obviously, this is a formula that started 10 years ago,
I'm thrilled that I can play it on a non portable console now, being that it's on PlayStation,
not that I hate portable gaming, I just tend to play living room style games more often. And so
I'm thrilled that that's there. The only thing that gets a little bit wonky versus the DS are
the green control paths. They're really simplified since there's no stylus to trace with. It's just
kind of up and down. But the arcade version wasn't that much different all things considered.
I mean, it did have sensitivity, but you know, it's not too much of a departure from what it
was the arcade. And I think that's kind of what they were doing with this is they were really
trying to put all the music that they've done over the years, not just for the DS versions,
but for the arcade version, because a lot of those 14 songs were in the arcade version.
And they've kind of made like a definitive edition of this game because the arcade version
no longer has the online access. So this is kind of a way for fans of the arcade version,
as well as the DS version to have one last hurrah. They are saying it's the last one.
But we'll see. I mean, it seems like, you know, again, it might just be bias of the people around
me or the people I follow on social media. I know way more people that spent $100 on the digital
deluxe edition for theater them, then actually bought for spoken. And I'm sorry to be shady,
because I haven't played at all for spoken. I don't know if it's a good game or a bad game.
But I'm just saying for all the marketing and all the push that Square Enix put into that game,
I feel like this other little game sitting over here is just selling not just copies,
but collector's edition copies, basically, essentially. So, and st 100, Matt and chat says
would be cool if they added some Enix deep cuts, like it would be cool to hear some Actraiser in
there. Some of the songs they have coming for digital deluxe are great. Chrono Trigger and
Chrono Cross will be represented in a pack near automata. That alone, the fact that I'm going to
get to play way to the world is amazing. And live live is going to be pretty soon. I think it's the
next one coming. The first DLC pack was like two songs from Final Fantasy adventure. And then
Romancing Saga had some songs. I know Secret of Mana is on the deck at some point too. But not
Secret of Evermore, frown, because you know, some are complicated. It's it's weird, because there
are some Final Fantasy games that are represented that you literally can't play anymore. Final
Fantasy Mobius, Final Fantasy Record Keeper, those mobile games that are no longer supported. This is
pretty much all that exists of them now, which is interesting. Final Fantasy Mystic Quest has eight
songs represented, which is great because the soundtrack was the best part of Final Fantasy
Mystic Quest, quite honestly. So it's astounding that that's there. That's great. So yeah, it's
really fun to play along with the songs. There's a whole little meta game going on. You have
characters that you level as you play songs, and then you use those characters to complete quests.
You see this whole little background thing going on. And it looks like it's just idle background
animation at first until you realize that no, this game is actually going based on the success of
your notes and the things that you've equipped to your characters that like, oh, maybe cloud will do
a braver attack after you hit 50 critical notes in a row. Like and you have to build this to be able
to finish quests in the game. So this, there's definitely it wouldn't be a Final Fantasy game if
there wasn't some type of grind to go with it. So they've definitely built that into the game.
Apparently, not only can you level the 99, but then you can get stars after level 99. So you
literally have tons and tons of stuff to grind in that game. Garth the Wolf, I know you love Near.
What is the song with the robots and the boss where it goes, this cannot continue, this cannot
continue, and then it starts to get all like dancy as you're fighting the boss. That song
fucks. And I hope that is in the theater them near DLC pack because that was probably my favorite
song that was in the just just the way it turned the computer. Like as you're playing the game,
the way it turned like what was happening into the game into the music was like incredible. So
Birth of a Wish. That's right. Because I know I've looked that up on YouTube before. Birth of a Wish.
I hope that songs in there. So yeah, it's an alternate there because the Japanese version does
the same thing. Although they're saying a phrase in Japanese instead. But it does. It's the same
trick. So it's very cool. Anyway. Alright, so I don't I don't know what else to say about
theater them. Like if you like music games, if you like Final Fantasy games, you've probably
already bought the $100 edition. I you don't need to hear any more from me. But then again, I will
say since I've been streaming the game so much. I have actually had two people tell me I bought
this game from watching you play the stream. Thanks for showing me what this game is all
about to which I say influencer. Where's my code next Times Square? Where's my code?
Oh, maybe two and a half SSJ 100 Matt says maybe I'll get this sometime down the road.
I will say there is a multiplayer. I only played it a little bit. But it's kind of it's kind of
neat. I like that, you know, they put I don't like all the little like, oh, the fat chocobos
hide the lane, or extra squares and triangles get in there or you know, I don't like all those silly
little moves. But you can actually play multiplayer with those off. So I do like how
highly customizable it is. Actually, on the customizable note, I'll let this be my final
thought on theater them and then we'll move on. On the customizable note. I do love like there's
four levels of difficulty, right? Basic and then expert is actually the medium difficulty ultimate
and then like, you're sick. I don't know what the last level is called. But to me, it's you're sick.
Those are like the 17 level songs. You can actually play the songs on your sick mode in
simple mode. And how does that work? It takes out all of the yellow flicks, because there's parts of
the song where you have to flick the little controller in the direction and the whole it
takes all of those out. So you're only hitting button presses. So for some people, that might
be easier than trying to do. Oh, thank you. Supreme is what it's called. Not the your sick mode.
Um, but yeah, that's cool. But the only downside to that whole thing is that it is not cross
platform. So the Switch version and the PlayStation version are on islands, you can't
even trade cards profile cards with people on the other platform, which is a bummer. But that's my
one little. I wish they did this different, but I also kind of get it. Ah, boo. Bobby Black Wolf says
birth of a wish is not in the near pack. Damn it. So good. All right. So you know, they're even
though they say it's the final one. Look, we keep naming songs where it's like even though 500 songs
are represented. I mean, if you if you like battle on the big bridge from Final Fantasy Five, let me
tell you, the Gilgamesh song is remixed like six different times in this game, you will not be
disappointed by the amount of Greg in this game. But there are still some omissions. So if they
ever wanted to do a theater them on core or whatever the fuck they want to call it. There's
still some songs they could put in it. And I think the real gag would be put Kingdom Hearts in it
because Melody of Memories was not it. Put Kingdom Hearts in theater them you cowards.
Or you know what? Give us fucking Dragon Quest. Bring the Dragon Quest game out locally. Look,
I know you didn't do it here because you haven't released Dragon Quest 10 here and you want to
pretend we don't know that Dragon Quest 10 is a game even though you've literally released 9 and
11 like Square. We know. We know. And Square Enix also put out an offline version of Dragon Quest 10
in Japan. Why they have not brought that over here still? I don't know. But the Dragon Quest
game would be great. And lots of other stuff. Anyway, Garth the Wolf in chat says the nail in
the coffin for the Kingdom Hearts rhythm game is no Utada songs were in it. I'm gonna tell you
what the nail in that coffin game was was allowing Nomura or whoever's idea it was to say, well, but
this is Kingdom Hearts. We need to change the theater them formula. Bad move. Because that game
is not it. But if they want to go back and you know what put in the theater them stuff. As Joe
and Hunter Matt says, as final as BeatMania the final that theater them 2DX. Make it happen.
Well, we have a story later on in the show where maybe we will see theater them in another form.
But I will wait until we get that back or until we get to that part of the show. In the meantime,
we have some stories to get into. I am gonna let Loki have it with this first story tonight.
Yes, let's talk about all the good news with Activision Blizzard. Just kidding. There's
no good news. It's never good news. It's Activision Blizzard. So we have statements
being made by Mike Ybarra of Blizzard as part of a company wide QA. Some of the things that he did
was downplay the stack ranking that was something that was brought up by one developers that was
leaving the company. Basically saying, you know, we don't stack rank employees one through exit
Blizzard, we have a high expectations over teams manager set goals, blah, blah, blah.
That doesn't seem to necessarily reflect the the opinions of folks that are leaving the company
because of that reason. But you know, along with that, you know, he also said something
to the effect that if you think that executives are making a lot of money and you aren't,
you're living in a myth. Like, like executives at Activision Blizzard aren't making a lot of money.
I don't believe that. At the end of the day, we want people to be happy and decisions about
being happy don't align with with where we're going. And you won't be happy, then you you'll
have to do will make you happy. In other words, we're going to do what we want. And you got to
get out of here. Other fun stuff that they've been talking about as well. They're making their
employees go back to the office, because everybody loves that. Hey, you like remote work, go back to
the office. Because in my opinion, they just probably can't sexually harass the people
remotely. So they got to bring people in the office so they can continue with their bad
behavior to begin with. That's a little much. I have a comment about that I had been off for
however many about six months I'd gone shopping. I've been wearing my mask. I didn't go out for a
week. I went back in the office for two days and got COVID. Yeah, I don't know why anyone would
want to go back. We had a I know, like the company I work at, we're allegedly permanently remote,
because they don't have the office space anymore. They leased it out or sold it or whatever,
which is good. But there's like a like, a handful of people, actually, I should say like,
two that wanted to work in the office. And so now because of that, they're doing this thing,
like once a month where they, they go back in the office, and it's not even like a team building
thing. It's just we're just going to work in the office one day. And it's such a hassle because
you got to like lug all of your equipment over there. You have to reserve a spot because they
don't have a scientific anymore. And you have to expose yourself to all these people that are just
terrible. I kind of want to do that. You know, it's interesting. Alan and I work at the same
place. I'm not going to say much more than that on air. We do very different jobs. Alan actually
goes into the office by choice. Our company is also remote like that. But two things that are
important in context. Number one, we live less than a mile from the home office. So commuting
really isn't a problem. And number two, Alan is very much like, when I'm done with work,
I want to get up and walk away and physically leave my work. And I'm kind of like, I respect
that. Like, yeah, I get that. So you know, when it's convenient for him to do, I get that. But
I feel like it's like maybe him and one other person in that very large area that
that the work is our work is starting to get rid of spaces to and leasing or whatever. So
very, very interesting. Now for the company that I work at, because our culture is very different
from a lot of corporate cultures. And people who know me know where I work, but I'm not saying it
on the air again. Um, the culture of my work is built around discussion and debate, and an
exchange of ideas and having individual expertise. So I understand why our culture dictates having
people together. At the same time, for those of us who have been doing other services within
the company who aren't in the management realm or the decision making realm, or the production
realm, I, I don't see a need for it. You know, we we have a slack channel, I interact with my
co workers that way, I reach out to managers and departments that I want to eventually join and
make friends with them. You know, I learned about everything, we can still reach out and have that
spirit of communication without actually sharing the same space. And we're back on a on a hybrid.
So we go in, no matter what your schedule are, everybody, if they are working a Tuesday,
Wednesday or Thursday, they go into the office. So for me, that means that like on my schedule now,
my Wednesdays and Thursdays are spent in office and my Friday and Saturday is worked at home.
Um, it's, I'm fine with a hybrid schedule, but I still think that there's the sense of denial
about the overall necessity and safety and going back into the office. And I think especially
because the pandemic is not over. I will repeat that the pandemic is not over.
And that is still not the time to be forcing people to go into these environments, harassment,
you know, apart from from that, which by the way, at my work, our, our corporate training
on harassment has really stepped up its game since this whole thing has gone on. But I think
I think that given that baseline that every company is having to deal with,
and then given the environment of this particular volatile company,
they're making a really bad call. And not just that, but like their performance
reviews, the the questionnaire they sent out to their employees. I've talked to a few people
this bullshit. Yeah, I mean, we have we have a ranking for like choosing our schedules
based on performance. But I think that this company is also still being resistant about
people discussing their pay, which by the way, no matter what employer tells you not to discuss
your pay, you have a legal right to and everyone should be transparent about what they make and
discuss it with others. You need to be paid what you're fucking worth. But going back,
but going back to to that, you know, it's it's really this the state of corporate control,
I think is what it goes over. They want to have more control over what their employees are doing,
be able to observe them, especially given the resistance of Activision Blizzard to
recent unionization attempts. I think what they're doing really wrong here is that and this is for
any company, really not just Activision Blizzard. But if you want to pull people back into the
office, you really have to explain the why the what's in it for them. Why is the company doing
this? What is the reason besides, and just people work better in person is not an acceptable reason,
because these companies did not go bankrupt in the last three years, they've weathered the pandemic.
So you have to be able to explain the why. And until you can do that, to an audience,
it's already a little bit unhappy with a lot of your business practices,
you're not going to win your employees over. And it's as simple as that.
Yeah, and I like it at my job, because they have a legitimate reason as to why.
Just, you know, because is not a reason, right?
Loki, yeah. And to and to that point, you know, the majority of them don't want to go back to
the office full time or part time, they still feel that the risks don't outweigh the benefits.
On top of that, you know, further work from home arrangements, they said have resulted employees
having more time since they aren't losing and commute, lower gas insurance costs. And, you know,
as well as the ability to live further away from the office. Also, you know, there's childcare,
schooling, all that stuff, like, I completely understand that. And I know, like, some of,
like, especially the company I work for leadership has tried to make the argument like,
well, in person, you know, it like, it's, it'll help out with like, some of the issues that are
going on with like, poor training and stuff. And I have to remind them like, yeah, but this has
been going on, like, well, before we went out on the pandemic, like, this is not going to change
if we're in the office, and they will know what we do anyways, even if we were in office. So
it's, yeah, it's, it's unfortunate. I know a lot of companies are kind of like, trying to
force this a little bit. I don't think it's a good idea.
Hmm.
Well, we'll see. I mean, this doesn't really change until these employees start leaving,
unionize, let their voices, you know, be let some actions speak behind those voices. I'm not saying,
and I'm not saying they need to or they have to or whatever. I'm just saying, like, unfortunately,
management is very clearly not hearing them. And it's not until these sorts of and this could be
any company like today, it's about Activision Blizzard tomorrow, it'll be about somebody else
in the industry, this insert company here. If they don't, you know, start making these changes,
then some other company that does these types of things is going to snatch them up.
Phil and I in in chat says, Oh, I heard from a bliss friend, they were not happy with the
decision. And that's when you start, what do they call that rage applying? When you just I'm just
going to start applying to other jobs and see what happens. That's when that I mean, heck,
I left a company I was with for 14 years because I was under the belief my job was going to be
outsourced. It actually never was outsourced. But I because of some actions and things I was
convinced and other people had been outsourced. I was convinced it was going to be so I started
rage applying and guess what I got a job where I made more money. So I left.
Yeah, like if I can complain for a few seconds, I could actually complain for a lot longer than
that. But like, I will keep it short. For example, I've I've been complaining that like,
obviously, you feel very overworked. I'm doing a lot more work that feels like outside of my
job description. And I've been at the company for at least in this position for like over seven
years. And I am literally making the state mandated minimum wage for an exempt employee,
seven years of experience in this department, integral to the running of this department,
two of my employees, same, same everything. They left to go to another department, they're hiring
two new employees in those people with zero experience in this position will be making
the same amount of money as I am. There is nothing that they're going to do for me.
They basically said, Well, if you want more money, you're probably going to,
you're being compensated fairly. And if you want more money, you probably have to get look outside
of the department. So like, it's just, they've been, they've been walking on eggshells around
me because I've just I've lost all patience for everything with them. Like a night.
As the last promotion I got at that job that I was at for 14 years, I got that promotion because
I bid for a different department and I got offered the job and I said, I'm leaving because
I'm not getting promoted here. There's no movement in this department. I am for as much of these
accolades that I get for what I do. And I have the facts back it up. I'm never getting promoted.
I get a call back the next day. That's basically like, if you try, if you will pull your name from
consideration for that, you can choose if you want to go this path or this path. It was wild.
I couldn't, I couldn't believe that it happened that way. But it did.
Yeah. And, and considering that these two, there's three people that were doing that role in that
department. Now there's one, I am the one that knows all of the information. Not a good time
to piss me off. Because if I leave your department screwed, it's gone. Because you have literally
high level explanations of how to do things. I think you're gonna have to always apply and get
the get the offer. And then they'll listen. If it's not too late. And it's right right into what
as Joe and Matt says here in chat, we have a mental health crisis worldwide. I think folks
have really found the comfort of being able to work from home. Because you have that flexibility
to step away from your job in your own space, pet your cat, dog, etc. Take care of your kids. I
don't know the best answer to fix or create a work balance. But I think rushing people back in and
saying, well, if you don't like it, leave is a toxic strategy. Because guess and I'm adding to
that comment saying because guess what they're getting ready to leave. Yeah, I actually like
I'd only been back to work for like, maybe four days. It was my last day of training. And I was
looking at the job site, there was a position that was there. That was totally up my alley.
And it even said in the job description, you just have to meet some of these requirements. We want
people who are completely different. It's like for a design prototyping group. And you better believe
I touched up my resume, completely the style they want at work. And I had my app in, you know,
and I'm gonna keep doing that. And I've even started looking at like industry jobs, like the
one for the Pokemon company that I told you about the other day. And if I have to move, I will move
because I'll be making the money. You know, they start off at like, for this one job, that's like
stuff I do anyway, at like double my salary, just under double my salary. And I would move
to Washington for that. We can still do all our we've been doing it virtually for how long?
Since 2020. Really? So yeah, and, and it's not like, you know, I don't see you guys from time
to time. But, but you know, I would, sometimes you just have to be done. Does that make sense?
No, I get it. Yeah, you have to be willing to be done. And take, take that risk. And if you
like the company that you work at and believe in the company, then you need to be also be
willing to take brave steps to improve what you love. I have to always be critical of what you
love. I have to say like, I, where I'm at now, I'm completely happy. I think that companies invested
in me in a way that no other company I've worked at has before. I have met some of my career goals
at this company. I'm being paid what I should be paid and, you know, have some good benefits to go
with that. I have, I work with amazing people. Like I really can't complain. Like my day job
is great. It's one thing you're not going to hear me complain about. So, will that still be the case
in five, 10 years? That probably depends on if the CEO has changed and what type of work culture the
new CEO would bring with them if they keep up the ideals of the current person. Because again,
and we've said this since the very beginning of these Activision Blizzard stories, the culture
comes from the top down. And that's why Bobby Kotick is unqualified to work in this industry.
He is not qualified to be the CEO of a major company the way he is. But because of systems
being set up the way they are, he's there. And that is what it is. But the culture really is
set from the top down. And at least where I'm at now, I have the good fortune that we got a
good guy at the helm that sets a good culture from the top down. And that is exactly why I like where
I work. So. I like that about my job too. Yeah. All right, let's move on. And let's talk about
other things going on in gaming. Let's talk about something that I'm not sure a lot of companies are
on board for because we were talking about that a couple weeks ago on the show. But it sounds like
Ubisoft may be in to attend E3 2023. There was a report, of course, that came out a couple weeks
ago that said Sony, Microsoft, and Nintendo won't be going to E3 in June. But one company that does
want to be there is Ubisoft. Speaking to investors, Yves Guillemonde, who also is not qualified to be
doing what he is doing, but here we are, said, if E3 happens, we will be there and we will have a
lot of things to show. It was a very simple comment, but it obviously has turned a lot of
heads because that's one of the major publishers that is committing to E3. But what's interesting
about that, if E3 happens, you know, this is a good point to bring up. By the time our show comes
back in two weeks, it will be March 6th. That means there will be three months until June,
middle of June. 90 days is that sweet spot to book travel. If E3 is, so I'm going to assume
one of the storylines we're going to miss next week, or maybe we'll be able to touch it on the
March 6th show, but I'm almost certain in the next two weeks, we're going to have a go or a no go on
E3. They're either going to say it's happening, here it is, here's the time, and here's all the
people that are coming, Ubisoft, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. Or we're going to get their
release. Ubisoft 3. It's E3. Three companies are coming.
E3. Or they're going to put out the press release that says,
unfortunately, due to continued COVID concerns, we're canceling the show.
Yeah. They'll blame COVID for sure.
Because 100% they're not going to blame themselves.
No.
Who does that?
No. No.
So, I think that's going to be an interesting thing to tell in the next couple of weeks.
Because again, you can't expect, especially international coming from Japan, you cannot
expect those folks to make those types of travel plans less than three months in advance. This
thing, and if we come back in two weeks and E3 isn't confirmed or canceled, I'm in a different
state of what the fuck. Because I'm like, they're really going to try to pull off a
show with 60 days notice or something. That is ludicrous. But also another example of
how the ESA needs to get their shit together. And has been needed to get their shit together.
Dr. C in chat says, I have to wonder what they'd even show.
Rayman's main series been dead for a while. Don't hold out much hope for Assassin's Creed,
Splitter Cell, maybe Prince of Persia.
Well, there's
Beyond Good and Evil. I'm just kidding.
I was gonna say the there's a rumors of speculation, I guess. From insider gaming that
says basically Just Dance 2024, Assassin's Creed, Mirage of Nexus, The Division Heartland,
X Defiant, Avatar, Frontiers of Pandora, Skull and Bones. Again, the continuing saga.
There's enough crap. That's what is there's enough crap.
All right. But we'll see. We'll see. So I again, in two weeks, I expect we know what the summer
looks like. Because we don't know what the summer looks like 90 days out. I don't know what the fuck
this industry is doing right now. We'll see. All right, moving on Dark Sakura.
Okay, so I'm going into a little bit more of a legal side of things.
And this actually isn't like necessarily legal, but I have a feeling it could go that way.
There is basically a limit that the UK is asking these companies to put on the data that they
gather from people who play different games. There is a report by the information commissioners
office that they want video games to to bolster and enforce age restriction. They stated that
video games should include a stronger age assurance features for those who are below 18.
They've published a list of tips and recommendations on how developers
can go about this. Of course, it goes both ways. They say that the personal data of children should
only be collected and processed if it is not detrimental to their health or well-being.
Going a little bit further into that, the ICO is recommending that any optional use of personal
data is set to off by default with consent being given by a parent or guardian. Product placement,
paid promotions, and collaborations should be monitored, especially in community servers.
They want to put checkpoints like periodic saving of progress and natural breaks in play between
game matches into the game design. So that basically, you know, it was sort of like what
they were kind of trying to do with WoW. They're saying, you've been playing for a while. Do you
want a break? You know, so they want to put up explanations and prompts of steps if, especially
if like a child is trying to change the settings or maybe have something that goes back to the
adults, like also things like disabling voice chat. I mean, and I think that's reasonable,
you know, for younger kids. Yeah, I think it's not obscene what they're asking here.
Yeah. And one of the things they even say, I'm looking at the guidelines, I'll just read this
verbatim. It's called buff your age assurance, know your players' ages. It says that the age
range of your players and the different needs of children at different ages and stages of
development should be at the heart of how you design your games and apply the code.
So I think that having sort of a floating age level, you know, might be pretty good.
There's another one on here about open world gameplay. So they're saying on here,
bad privacy information design obscures risks, unravels good player experiences,
and sows mistrust between children, parents, and game providers. You could run user research to
trial child-friendly privacy information with different age groups, display transparency
information on ability rather than age, you know, so like list at beginner, intermediate,
and expert levels, and design different communication methods for how to appropriately
relay information or in return gather information from children.
They actually even did another thing on here looking this over about guidance to explain
how online services will spot detrimental use of children's data. And also the children's code
with guidance to help assess the best interest of children. There's another interesting one here
about stealth mode with high privacy settings and parental controls. And that's having to,
it's something that provides parents with real-time alerts about what their children
are playing or how long they've been playing. Or if the, you know, like I said before about
the child trying to change the privacy settings or, you know, different things like that.
There's also, you know, giving parents the freedom to assess the maturity of their child,
you know, and there's also a request to put in like a do not disturb setting,
you know, so that it would like not send like friend requests or to say it would disable voice
chat or allow only people of the same age group to communicate with children, you know,
offering profiling in game. And it's funny on here pushing FOMO. It says it is crucial that
games do not use nudge techniques to lead children to make poor privacy decisions.
So basically eliminating the fear of missing out.
And there's even ones on here where they're requesting people to volunteer as auditors.
Oh, that's, that's where these issues get dicey when they invite the community to
arbitrate what is and what isn't appropriate. But I look at this more like doing like the Gallup
poll. I'm going to put this particular link here in in chat because at my old job when I worked
for the money store, I used to help with the Gallup feedback. And one of the good things I
like about that is that while this is gathered from communities participating in so such in the
other, and getting their opinion, it's something that is used by experts. So it's data, it's
information, it's feedback, it's complaining, I fully believe a complaint can be a gift,
because it's an opportunity to do better. At the at the same time, I think that the information
that comes from surveys like this or from, you know, community auditing should be implemented
by the people who are qualified to do so. I will be interesting to see what effect this
could have on future game development. There's gonna be something going in as
legislation before too long, because you know, people do like to pass their laws.
And the UK is tending to regulate a lot of these things stricter than we are over here for sure.
So you know, and obviously, the company I work for follows like European standards for privacy.
Yeah. Most companies have to. Yeah. So that's why all the websites you go to now, like all of them
say like the cookie stuff that all came from the Europe laws, not the US laws. So yeah, and
I'm always like, No, I do not want you to target ads or do all this shit. I mean, one one thing I
actually super like about because I stopped using Chrome because Chrome is a resource hog. Like for
people who open different instances of Chrome or different tabs of Chrome, it is eating your RAM
and your processor, not me with five Chrome tabs open right now.
I've actually gone back to just using Safari for everything. I mean, and it's not just because,
you know, I love my Mac, and it's a native app. But I've really gotten to where I like the fact
it records the trackers and blocks the majority of them. I keep ghostery open in the background as
well. And it's been between the two of those, I've really just enjoyed the greater sense of
privacy I've gotten from it. And, you know, but I when I was on my PC, I was using, I was using
Chrome because of the compatibility with stuff, but I started using Opera a lot more. And, you
know, and there's also I would even say, and this is going into general tips, make sure that your
search engine also has its own privacy protocols in place as well. Like a lot of people are fond
of DuckDuckGo. You know, even, you know, if you're really concerned about it, consider investing in
a VPN. Pretty cheap now. Yeah, like I have a VPN that I turn on by demand. And usually it's when I
want to look at stuff on the BBC website. I had to use one because my Comcast connection was that
shitty for playing Final Fantasy 14 at one point. But anyway, I digress. I mean, I have my work VPN
for when I work from home, but I really am a bigger advocate now of doing different things.
Like since I stopped playing Stadia, I stopped using Chrome.
All right. Because Stadia was only working in Chrome.
Let's move on, though. We got to get the rest of the news. So let's get to our next story. So
funny enough, we brought up AI earlier in the show and now we have another story about AI.
Yeah. So there's been a team from the University of Copenhagen who has put together a Mario GPT
that can generate levels in Super Mario Brothers based off of a text prompt.
It's very rudimentary. You can't actually I don't think you can actually play the levels.
It's just more of a graphical representation of them. But, you know, it's apparently the first
text to level model in existence. So it's neat. It's not sure what you can really do with this,
but it's a neat concept. I guess it's very basic. So like they have like some screenshots of like,
you know, many pipes, many enemies, little blocks, low elevation. And you kind of get
like a regular level, many pipes, many enemies. And it's all pipes. So not going to replace Mario
Maker anytime soon, but it's a neat idea. It's a neat concept.
Yeah, it'll be interesting to see like, I mean, I guess we've had games in the past that kind of
like use a simple AI to develop levels on the fly like as you're playing them. But it's interesting
to see how that might get more complex for a more complex platform or like, you know, a little big
planet, little AI planet or whatever that just starts to generate levels. Although not that that
means it would be good necessarily, because sometimes AI levels, you can kind of tell
they're generated by robot, you know, so. Yeah, it's just a kind of a neat proof of
concept right now. Yeah. All right. Well, what was an amazing proof of concept when it came out was
the game Tetris Effect. And Tetris Effect has already been re-released as Tetris Effect
Connected. And now it's going to be basically getting another big update. They're not giving
it a new subtitle, but Tetris Effect Connected will be getting an update alongside the launch
of the game on PlayStation 5 and the PlayStation VR 2. It will have some new game modes, which are
classic score attack, which looks like the old 1989 Tetris Nintendo game, the official licensed
Nintendo game, not the Tengen one. And then there's a version called zone marathon, which is
the marathon mode, but with that zone mechanic, which was new to Tetris Effect where you can kind
of like freeze things for a little bit. That's all built. That's how you get the 24 line Tetris
or whatever, all that stuff that's in the zone stuff. There also is purify mode where you can
now do an endless mode and master mode, which also has an endless mode. So there's a whole little
video if you want to check out that. But yeah, you can pretty much get this game just about on
every game front, including on PC via steam and Epic game store. It's even on quest because it is
a VR game. It's it is even on Luna. So Tetris Effect is really everywhere.
So now they just did you catch the Tetris movie trailer?
I did see the Tetris movie trailer and I was pleasantly surprised that it is not a game where
they like, Oh, let's turn Tetris into a movie. It is a movie about the release of the game Tetris
that wasn't in the original like, oh, Apple TV got the rights to do a Tetris movie or whatever it was
in the beginning. I think a lot of us were assuming they're going to do a movie based on
Tetris. That's silly. But now that we see from the trailer, oh, it's about the release of Tetris.
And getting that, you know, you know, during that era, especially, you know, in the 80s, when that
game came over, getting a Russian game and okay, okay, I get it. It looks interesting. So yeah.
Yeah, I saw that shared in our discord. I see some folks in our chat talking about that tire class
says that trailer was released. And it's not what you expect. Looks like a fun and entertaining
movie, given the circumstances that were involved to bring the game to the US. Yeah, I'm curious if
they might get into some of the because you can see that Nintendo is represented in there. I'm
curious if they'll get into some of the tengan Atari versus Nintendo stuff when it came to
Tetris. I don't know if that's a little too in the weeds for a movie plot, but it'll be interesting.
Questbuster says that Tetris trailer was wild, as Joe and Matt says that movie does look
interesting. Yeah, so it'll be interesting. And I think streaming is a good place for that.
I'm not sure as many people would have ran to the theater to see something like that. I mean,
I might have, but I think streaming is a really good place for a movie like that. I think it'll
actually catch more eyeballs there than it will with a traditional release. So good on Apple for
picking that up. All right, let's move on. Let's move on to a game that maybe more big game
developers should pick up. Dark Soccer, I think this one's yours. Yeah, Cocaine Bear. That's all
I need to say. A lot of people are talking about this one. I'm probably never going to see it
because it honestly sounds like the dumbest thing I've ever heard. That's exactly why we need to see
it. Every time I see the trailer, I'm like, if Loki had become a movie director, this is what
he would have made. There is enough stupid in my life that I don't need to be adding to it.
I love stupid movies. IDGAF. The only way this can get better is if Cocaine Bear can join the
Fast and the Furious crew for Fast 11. So that's the only way this can get better. What if they
did Cocaine Bear versus Sharknado? I mean, I'm fine with the extended Cocaine Bear universe.
What about Cocaine Bearnado? Well, the first movie has to succeed first, and then there will
absolutely be a sequel like Cocaine Bear 2 Electric Boogaloo. Absolutely a potential thing
if this movie makes a lot of money. Well, at any rate, they're going to be doing a tie-in web-based
game called Cocaine Bear 8-Bit Game. If you go to cocainebear.movie.game,
then you can play a game as the Cocaine Bear. I think they have the subtitle Rise of the Escobar.
Yeah, the play button on this thing is covering the title. But I'm going to look at the game.
It's very loud. That's what I found. It's clearly built to play on a phone browser.
Also, there's a link on here that I just followed, and apparently Elizabeth Banks has Cocaine Bear's
head in her office. I think she's the director. Yeah. Which is hilarious. Not the real Cocaine
Bear, but not like a taxidermied head. From the movie.
Yeah, but I think that's funny. Tigerclaws says,
the movie is loosely based on the true story, but the movie takes huge liberties on the story.
I would hope that they do. I hope so. S.G.O. and Hunter Matt
does confirm she is the director. She was a great Rita Repulsa for the record. I
actually enjoyed that Power Rangers reboot movie, and she did good in that role.
By the way, slightly off topic, I watched this thing that I didn't even know was a thing where
they had Street Fighter versus Power Rangers, and it was a real Power Rangers thing.
It had the actual actors in it and everything, and it was a trip to watch.
Well, there's a new Power Rangers thing coming to Netflix that has the actual original...
They're in their fucking 50s now doing Power Rangers shit. Although, as we know,
the yellow one passed away in a car accident years ago. I think it's like her daughter or...
What's his face? Killed himself.
Yeah, but he wasn't in the original original, if I remember right.
Yeah, he was.
Was he? I thought he didn't come out till the next season or something.
Green Ranger.
Oh, okay. Well, the movie was shot before he passed, so he could be in it in a cameo.
He was in the thing that I watched, the Street Fighter thing,
so it was a very interesting watch. If I can find it again... This has Ray Liotta in it,
Cocaine Bear.
Oh, it's got a lot of... This is the year people are just unleashing their pandemic
frustrations out on film.
Hey, I'll go see it.
They need a test, baby, to tighten up the game design in level three,
because it froze after I beat it.
All right, well, since Star... Oh, go ahead.
But at any rate, yeah.
Okay, since Star Saga brought up the versus Street Fighter thing, it's a nice little tie
into the next story, which has to do with that, right, Loki?
This is a fighting game I'd love to see, but instead we're getting a comic
or a limited comic series, which is just fine.
It is... IDW Comics has announced a Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles versus Street Fighter
comic crossover event. It's coming May of this year, and it's going to be penned by Paul Allor
with art by Ariel Mendel and colors by Sarah Meyers. It'll be a five-issue miniseries,
and it's going to have the turtles going toe-to-toe with Ryu, Ken, Chung-Li and Guile.
Neat.
I want a game now.
I know, right? That's where I'm at, is I'm like on it with the Ninja Turtles have had
several fighting games. I mean, all from...
Or like DLC for Street Fighter 6 or something like that.
Yeah, right? So why not? If they're not going to do another Tatsunoko versus Capcom or whatever,
why don't we get a TMNT versus Street Fighter? Why not? If we're not going to ever get Tekken
versus Street Fighter, well, we got one, we didn't get the other. We got Street Fighter
across Tekken, but we never got Tekken across Street Fighter. So why not give us Ninja Turtles?
Yeah.
I'm here for it. All right, let's talk about a warning, a reminder warning.
Oh, one thing. I would love for them to bring in the characters from
Tournament Fighter. Wouldn't that be cool?
I'm looking in chat for some comments too. DJ Roma S says,
I'm friends with Sarah Meyer. Her artwork is amazing. She does the ink work for TMNT
Saturday Morning Adventures. Oh, that's pretty cool. And of course, Tiger Claw,
I knew Tiger Claw would have something to say about this because I know he loves Ninja Turtles,
saying the TMNT in this comic crossover appears to be of the current continuity because we get
the fifth turtle, Jenica, on the cover. All right. Well, going over to some stories about Nintendo,
the Nintendo, what?
Sorry. I was going to say that is one of the best characters to be added into the TMNT continuity
because I was reading the comics pretty religiously for a while. Such a good character,
but I digress.
No, no worries. No worries. All right. Everybody got their Ninja Turtles out of their system? All
right. Let me talk about Nintendo changes that they're reminding you of. They've talked about
this before, but reminder, as of March 2023, so coming up next month at the end of the month,
you will no longer be able to buy Nintendo eShop purchases for Wii U and Nintendo 3DS. You cannot
download free content. That means no more game demos. Also, related services will cease to
function. So some things have already stopped happening. So last year, they yanked the credit
card to add funds. They yanked it on the Wii U or 3DS, and then you couldn't use an eShop card
anymore at that point. If you link your Nintendo Network ID wallet with your Nintendo account,
you can use the shared balance to purchase on any of these systems until March, but after that,
they will only work on the Nintendo Switch. Further clarification, which is needed here.
The consolidation service, which allows you to merge your eShop balance between the Nintendo
account and the Switch eShop, doesn't work anymore after March 2024. So if you have any
money sitting on those systems, and now that I think about it, I wonder if I don't just have a
couple bucks floating in my wallet or whatever on one of these systems. I think I need to go check
just to make sure. I don't think so, but maybe on Wii U. I could see that maybe I had some points
left over or something there. But as of March 2024, you can't even combine the accounts
anymore. Why we had separate accounts for all this shit in the first place, I will never
understand. But I digress. After all, Microsoft and Sony have kept the same network ever since
the Xbox era. Xbox, 360, One. They've all used the same network, but I digress. Nintendo always
does things a little bit differently, don't they? But this is a good reminder. Check your Wii U
balances. Check all that stuff. Make sure they work. Mike Def says get that Pokemon bank and
transporter. If you ever want to pull your Pokemon off the DS, download that still while it's still
free before it doesn't work anymore. So great call out there for sure. Hopefully the bank will
continue to work even if the rest of Nintendo's online stuff doesn't. But I guess maybe because
that's all through the Pokemon company, they may operate that a little differently. So it'd be
interesting to see. All right. Well, let's go into our next segment to celebrate something
that hopefully will not be pulled in the year 2024. And now it's time to travel back to a
simpler time where I'll dive into the vault and pull out a classic and tell you about it. It's
time for the Classic Game of the Week. All right, in Dark Sakura, what did you pick for us tonight?
I picked After Burner Climax. And I love the music in this game.
Let me play a little bit of it in the background so our podcast folks can hear
as well as the live folks here. It's freaking After Burner. But at any rate,
After Burner Climax is another game in the After Burner series. It was released in arcades in 2006
and then had releases for Xbox 360 and PlayStation 3 in April 2010. And you remember when we would go
to was it Mike's incredibly mediocre pizza? John's incredibly shitty pizza.
Yeah, that was it. Well, mediocre. There were some good ones.
I'm going to step away from keyboard for a minute while you finish saying it.
Well, at any rate, I would pretty much be lying toward this and Deadstorm Pirates.
So I love After Burner Climax. And, you know, just like the earlier incarnations of After Burner,
the Deluxe After Burner Climax cabinet had a servo cook chair that you could also use a button to
keep it locked in the static position. And it would like completely move around as you played
if you didn't use that. There were other cabinet versions that had a commander version, which tilts
side to side and the standard version that doesn't move at all. The deluxe cabinet had
a widescreen LCD monitor while the standard and commander had a 29 inch CRT. The digital version
actually has been delisted from Xbox Live and PlayStation tour as of December 2014
and was removed from all the storefronts in May 2015. There is a mobile version that was
re-released via the Sega Forever service in April 2019, but that's also gone.
At any rate, with After Burner Climax, it introduced two different aircraft,
the F-A-18E Super Hornet and the F-15E Strike Eagle. The original F-14 Tomcat that had been,
you know, the mainstay of the series was replaced with the F-14D Super Tomcat.
All of these are real planes, by the way, so I think that was cool. I think that they modeled
them really nicely. It's just, you know, my problem with After Burner is because of the way that
you're playing moves never felt really realistic. But at the same time, this game is, it's a lot
different when you're actually playing it on one of the deluxe caps. Anyway, when you choose your
plane, you can use the throttle to choose between four different paint jobs on your planes. You have
a standard, a camo, a special and a low visibility scheme. After you choose that, you can also choose
to listen to the After Burner Climax music or the original soundtrack from After Burner 2 by
holding the throttle back and hitting the missile button. I mean, it's really very, I'm gonna say,
you know, that the game, you know, is very straightforward. You know, you pew pew things.
It's got like a lock-in system on there. You can shoot your missiles. You've got a limited
number of your missiles, just like any, you know, fighter jet would. But it's so funny,
like the original After Burner, we had one at Scandia for a while. You remember?
I remember that. I do. I don't remember that, unfortunately. I used to get super motion sick
on it, but because it was the shifting circle kind of one. But the moving chair ones, I actually
never got so sick on. I used to play a lot of Starblade, remember? I only remember them having
the After Burner cabinet. It was either at Disneyland or at Great America. One of the
arcades had it. I think the Great America arcade that had that Galaxian 3 or whatever.
The last time I went to Great America, they had a Planet Harriers.
And you couldn't get me off of that machine. I was in love. But going back to After Burner Climax,
this was going on when there was this sort of renaissance for the classic SEGA titles.
So a little bit more behind this one. It was developed by SEGA AM2, you know, so it was the
big arcade group for SEGA. Art done by Aoki Seiji, programmed by Sumi Masayuki. It is
just a great game. I hate that all the home versions have been delisted.
Also, as far as the system it was released on, it was on the SEGA Lindbergh system
that used a 3 gigahertz Pentium 4 CPU, 1 gigabyte of RAM, and an NVIDIA GPU,
and an internal GPD ROM system. And this was the same one that Initial D arcade stage 4,
House of the Dead 4, Virtua Tennis 3, Virtua Fighter 5, and the cancelled Syfy.
So their current one, House of the Dead Scarlet Dawn, is on, I think this last one was an Unreal
4 based one. But at any rate, I mean, it's just sort of fun going back and seeing what these ran
on and, you know, seeing where the technology has come from. Because the one that came after
that was the Europa R that SEGA Rally 3 played on. But at any rate, it's just kind of neat seeing
how the technology has gone. Because this game, even today I would think, this game looks pretty
fantastic. Yeah, it's still a great looking game, especially with how fast it moves, right?
Reminds me of an F-Zero, but in the sky. Well, and you know where else the climax name has been
used was in Bayonetta. When the After Burner theme was the climax version,
there was, wasn't there also the one thing where you could switch her from
After Burner to a different shooter? Like if you had some outfit equipped?
I don't remember. Somebody in chat might speak up. Yeah, but my favorite thing though is that when
she, there was, I think it was also like a Space Harrier one for her, but I love how she says,
welcome to my fantasy zone. Yeah, yeah, it was Star Fox. That was the first switch.
If you had like the Fox McCloud outfit equipped, that when you played through that scene you'd
play as an Arwing. I didn't know that. It's neat. Yeah. But at any rate, it's a great game.
I still love to this day playing it in the arcade. So yeah, you know what I wish that they would have
done with me? I've done a fantasy zone climax. Well, it's never too late, right? There was the
SEGA ages re-releases, but I mean, heck I would, I'd have that in a heartbeat.
All right, there it is. SEGA, bring us Planet Harriers at home, the end.com.
Your classic of the week, After Burner Climax. Great arcade game that was very impressive and
yeah, really does still kind of hold up today. Bonds 006 says, this is the game that is the
reason I play Ace Combat. So, you know, people get started on the genre in one place and end up
playing other stuff. So awesome, awesome. All right, not everyone can be perfect. All right,
let's move on and travel around the world quickly with some rapid fire news and then we'll do some
release dates as well. But let's do rapid fire news first, Loki. Speaking of Ace Combat, if you
want to play that and you're a premium or extra subscriber of PlayStation Plus, you're going to
extra subscriber of PlayStation Plus, you can do that as part of their game catalog in February.
They're actually offering Ace Combat 7 Skies Unknown for PlayStation 4. On PlayStation 5 and
PlayStation 4, Borderlands 3 is coming as well. One of my favorites, Earth Defense Force 5 for
PlayStation 4, The Forgotten City on PlayStation 5 and 4, Horizon Forbidden West on 5 and 4,
I Am Setsuna on PlayStation 4, Lost Sphear, Oninaki both on PlayStation 4, Outriders on PS4 and PS5,
The Quarry on both, Resident Evil 7 Biohazard on PlayStation 4, Scarlet Nexus on 5 and 4,
and Tekken 7 on 4. And then of the classic catalog, they're giving you Harvest Moon
Back to Nature, Legend of Dragoon and Wild Arms 2 on the original PlayStation.
I'm sorry, did someone say Legend of Dragoon?
Yes.
That is an attention grabber.
And then also PlayStation 4, Destroy All Humans. I'm assuming this is the remake
that is part of the classic catalog there. And then this is a surprising bit of news,
considering all of the delay news we hear, especially around Dead Island 2,
but Dead Island 2 has gone gold. And in fact, they have moved up their release date one week
to April 21st, 2023. So.
Cool, it's coming. It'll be here soon. No more delays.
Only like 10 years after the first game, but all right. I hope it's good.
Better late than never, I guess.
Yeah, hope it's good. Hope it's worth the wait.
All right, Dark Sakura, what do you have for us?
Oh, my artistic hero, the man himself, Amano Yoshitaka.
He is doing the cover for the DLC soundtracks that are coming with the first-run copies of
Cuphead's Japanese physical edition. I was looking at the price. It's like 40 bucks,
which isn't bad, but then the shipping is also 40 bucks, which is bad.
And I want this so much. Oh, the artwork looks so good,
but it's playing homage to the classic fantasy RPGs. It's absolutely beautiful artwork.
There's been samples of it posted on the Twitters, but I love him.
Yeah, it's really cute. For those that are watching on Twitch,
we're trying to put some of that up on stream so you can kind of see what we're talking about.
It is very impressive, obviously. Yeah, but I mean, keep in mind that
it is because of this man that we have Power Rangers. Well, okay. He did the designs for
Science Ninja Team Gatchaman when he was doing work for Tatunoko. He did the character designs
for my favorite anime in the universe. And it was from that series that the idea for doing
live-action Sentai came out. So we indirectly have him to thank for Power Rangers. But I mean,
he also did an illustration for Vampire Hunter D novels and worked on Demon City Shinjuku. I mean,
this guy and his other artwork is absolutely astounding. I have an art book this thick of
his work. And I need every little single piece of his artwork I can get my grubby little fingers on.
All right. Well, of course, obviously Amano is also very much known for his work with the
Final Fantasy series. And we've been getting a lot of interesting Final Fantasy tidbits this year,
not just with game releases like Theatrhythm and, you know, the upcoming Final Fantasy
Pixel Remaster release on consoles. But we know that Final Fantasy 7 also supposedly getting the
second chapter in the Rebirth series, or excuse me, the second chapter of the remake series
Rebirth is also supposed to be this year. Square Enix has been sharing some insight to Final
Fantasy 7's development, kind of talking a little bit about, you know, what maybe some of the
original plans were for the game. I feel like we knew this, like this had been said in an interview
before, but the development team did share that the original plan for Final Fantasy 7 was that
the game was going to take place in New York City. I thought I remember something about some of that
spinning off into what eventually became Parasite Eve, but I digress. So the game was originally
going to take place in New York City. The story was a little bit different, but there were some
elements that were the same. In the original story, Detective Joe, whoever that is, not Cloud,
but Detective Joe was going to be investigating the group that was looking to destroy the Mako
reactors. So that whole part, you know, with the Mako reactors and, you know, people wanting to
blow it up for their reasons to save the planet, probably, like it was in the Final Fantasy 7 game,
probably tied into the original 7. So interesting. One of the members in the group went through some
different changes. That character eventually became Cloud Strife. So who knows? I mean,
I don't know if Parasite Eve took more of that original idea. I don't know. I think maybe just
maybe some of the graphics for New York, who knows? But it's kind of interesting that that's
where Final Fantasy 7 started. And so if you were seeing parallels between Midgar and a big
metropolis like New York City, you're not wrong. There's also that. So all right, let's check out
some games that are coming out this week. I don't think we have the Final Fantasy 7 Rebirth, but we
have some other games that maybe you can look forward to this week. Loki.
Yes, like Atomic Heart, which is going to be on PC, PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, Xbox One and
Xbox Series. Like a Dragon, Isshin on PC, PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, Xbox One, Xbox Series.
Seven Doors, Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, Xbox One and Xbox Series.
Digimon World Next Order on PC and Nintendo Switch. Then it looks like we're getting into
the PlayStation VR stuff. We have Horizon Call of the Mountain on PlayStation 5 or PlayStation VR 2
actually. Kazuni AI, Touch of the Beat on PlayStation 5. Redemption Reapers on PC, Nintendo
Switch and PlayStation 4. Blood Bowl 3 on PC, PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, Xbox One and Xbox
Series. Company of Heroes 3 on PC. Grimm Guardians, Demon Purge on PC, Nintendo Switch,
PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, Xbox One and Xbox Series. And then we have Raiden 3 Cross,
Mikado Maniacs on PC, Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, Xbox One and Xbox Series.
Cliven Wrench That came close to importing that one.
Matt
What's Mikado Maniacs?
Danielle Mikado is a music studio.
Matt Hmm, that'd be cool.
Danielle And it's supposed to have a pretty killer soundtrack. I mean,
Raiden 3 was pretty mediocre as far as the Raiden games go.
But the Mikado studio has done some amazing music.
Matt Cliven Wrench on PC, Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4 and PlayStation 5.
and we've got a couple more here. Kirby's Return to Dreamland deluxe on Nintendo Switch and last
but not least Octopath Traveler 2 on PC, Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4 and PlayStation 5. That's it.
All right, let's travel over to Japan. I feel like we've had some light release weeks in Japan
lately. This week, very much not the case. We have a lot of shit coming out in Japan this week. So,
pull up a chair. Here we go on the Nintendo Switch. Oita Beppu Mystery Guide, the Warped Bamboo
Lantern is out on the switch this week. The Ultimate Wonder Boy Collection. I was looking at
this because I was wondering if it was just another rerelease of the Dragon's Trap and it is,
but there's it has Wonder Boy, Wonder Boy Monster Land, Dragon's Trap, Wonder Boy 3, Monster Lair,
Wonder Boy 5, Wonder Boy 4, or excuse me, Monster World 4 is in there too. It's very, very busy with
Wonder Boy games. So if you are a fan of that series, there's that for you. Digimon World Next
Order has its release, the international edition in Japan this week as well. Akatsuki Yureyu Koi
Akari is out in a regular and limited edition this week. Sakura Moyu as the Knight's
Reincarnation is out in a regular and limited edition this week as well on the switch. Koi
Suro Kanojo Nu No Bukkyo Na Butai is out in a regular and limited edition this week in Japan.
Yep. Omoide Kakaete Ai No Koi is out this week as well in a regular and
I'm like a dating sim.
And audience, limited edition. Yes, it is.
I'm gonna keep guessing.
Okay, let's see. Other games we have the Crimson Flower That Divides Us Lunar Coupling is out in
Japan on the 23rd. That same Raiden 3 Cross Mikado Maniacs is out. Hakuoki Remeroku is out as well
this week in Japan. And of course, Octopath Traveler 2 does get a Japanese release. And of
course that Kirby game also getting released in Japan as well. And if you were waiting for this
on the switch in Japan, guess what? You can finally play Ark Survival Evolved in a physical
edition on this switch this week in Japan. How about the PlayStation 5 now? The PlayStation VR 2
is released this week. That is worth noting. So if you want to pick that up, and then that would
mean a lot of the stuff that comes with it, including the Horizon Call the Mountain, the
charging station. That same Raiden 3 crossover game is also out on the PlayStation 5 if you'd
rather play it there. Tortuga A Pirate's Tale also out in Japan this week on the PlayStation 5.
Octopath Traveler 2 also out on the PlayStation 5. What did I tell you? A busy week. How about the UK?
Well, on the 21st, we have Like a Dragon Isshin. That's for PlayStation and Xbox. Likewise, we have
Atomic Heart. On the 22nd for Switch, we have Digimon World Next Order. On the 23rd, for the
big three consoles, we have Blood Bowl 3 Brutal Edition. For PC, Company of Heroes 3 for PlayStation
and Switch, My Life Pet Vet. Moving on to the 24th, we have Do Not Open for PlayStation for
Switch, SpongeBob SquarePants Crusty Cook-Off. That sounds completely horrifying. On PlayStation, we
have Broken Pieces, PlayStation Xbox, Hunt Showdown, Limited Bounty Hunter Edition. For Switch
and PlayStation, Octopath Traveler 2. For Switch, Kirby Return to Dreamland Deluxe. On the 24th also
for PlayStation and Switch, Crazy Chicken Traps and Treasures. For the big three, we have Clive
and Wrench, and that's it for the week. All right, we have a few more stories, then we're going to get
to the listener roundtable. We do have an email tonight, finally bucking the trend of the past,
what, two months. So that's exciting. Spirit Gasp here. So we'll also get to your comments and maybe
your phone calls if we have time as well over on our Discord server, vognetwork.com slash Discord.
But first, we have a few more stories for you. Let's go back to Loki.
So we talked last week how there's going to be this big update for Team Fortress 2. Well,
apparently they've started to walk back the expectations for that. So they've changed
a little bit of the passage that was in their update. So it previously read, you know, the last
few Team Fortress summer events have only been item updates, but this year we're playing a full
on update size update with items, maps, taunts, unusual effects, war paints, and who knows what
else, which means we need Steam Workshop content, your Steam Workshop content. And now it says,
you know, the last Team Fortress summer updates have only been item updates, but this year we're
playing a full on holiday sized update. I don't know what that means as far as different. With
items, maps, taunts, unusual effects, war paints, and other community contributed fixes for the
game, which means we need your Steam Workshop content, your Steam Workshop content, which
I mean, originally it sounded like that, you know, they were incorporating Steam Workshop stuff into
the game update, but now it's like, no, it's only going to be Steam Workshop content.
We were just gathering and putting it out as a free update, even though you've made all the
stuff for it. Oh, well. It's a really old game. Like, I don't expect them to be publishing more
stuff for it. We could just make a Team Fortress 3 if y'all weren't allergic to the number three.
I can't do that.
Snow three evolve.
Speaking of allergies, I am definitely allergic to this trend in the gaming community, DarkSakura.
Squenix is not learning anything. They're not listening to people and they're not learning.
They announced very recently that they are launching their NFT based game,
Symbiogenesis, Symbiogenesis on a site called Polygon, which is an Ethereum scaling network.
It was announced last November. And then, and back then they said that story driven collectibles
were of course at the heart of it and that they plan to launch on Ethereum. But now they say
they're using Polygon instead that uses a side chain to basically deal in faster and cheaper
transactions than the Ethereum's network, well, their own main net can handle. They
were also interested in the lower fees in general, going back to make it a little bit cheaper.
And they wanted to offer what they call a unique experience to Web3
fans. This is stated by the game producer Tamate Nalyuki.
They put some more details out. It's going to be built around 10,000 character NFTs that are tied
to game mechanics. Although there are other entities used in the game, according to their
document that they released to Polygon Labs, owning a character NFT is not required to play
the game, although it adds unspecified extra value to the experience. Character NFT holders
can create replica NFTs to share story information with other characters. The game will be taking
a place on a floating continent above a polluted future earth with a society forced to band
together to keep a dragon away from their floating home. It is turn-based gameplay tied to the
storyline. Different paths go with different missions and either holding or trading NFTs.
They showed some of the NFT items that included dragon tarot cards and the monster storybook.
There's no more actual details out. But I can tell you, I'm...
No. And they've been investing in this Ethereum sandbox and they also announced that they were
going to revive Dungeon Siege, the franchise. That better not be coming out as an NFT thing.
Dungeon Siege wasn't bad, but if it's all going to be NFT crap, then forget it.
Wasn't their last version of the Dungeon Siege game that they did was Awful 2?
Dungeon Siege 3? I didn't think it was that bad.
No, I'm thinking of a different game. I'm thinking of Dungeon Keeper.
Oh, yeah. So here's the question I have about this game. Let's take a look at another Square
Enix title real quick. I want to know, does the NFT game, what's it called? Symbiogenesis?
Does Symbiogenesis last...
Be a genus.
Sorry. Whatever it's called. Does it last longer or shorter than Babylon's Fall?
For the record, which by the way, this is a timely question because in case you forgot,
Babylon's Fall was released on March 3rd, 2022. The servers are being shut down on Thursday,
February 23rd. So this is actually timely. R.I.P. Babylon's Fall. Literal P. Rest in it.
So Babylon's Fall lasted 51 weeks. Does Symbiogenesis go,
we're going to play Price is Right, higher than or lower than 51 weeks?
Lower.
Well, there's another thing, too, that people need to keep in mind. So in last May's,
Gwenix sold off a bunch of their studios and franchises, including Tomb Raider. And they used
the roughly 300 million that they got to start supporting this Web3 experience as far, and also
some other business ventures. So if this flops the way we think it will, Gwenix is going to be
not just in P, they're going to be in deep shit.
This is why I made the prediction I did at the beginning of the year that the current CEO of
Square Enix is not going to make it through the year as CEO. And this is another fantastic
example because when this game is an embarrassment and ends up lasting less than 51 weeks, which is
where I'm going to hedge my bet, it's over. Questbuster in chat says, Rob not pulling any
punches. You know what? I don't have time for NFTs and neither does anyone else.
We're too old for this shit.
Yeah, exactly. I'm too old for this shit. And yeah, that's money that could have gone
towards the development of putting more theater rhythm songs into theater the final bar line.
Bro, don't even.
All right.
Oh my God. They could have used that money to license Angela Aki. I'm just saying.
You know what's not in theater the final bar line? Babylon's fall.
My butt.
All right. Loki, what do you have for us?
Yes, it's another person being fired for sexual misconduct allegations. So Genshin Impact voice
actor Elliot Gindi is no longer going to be voicing, I guess, Tignari because apparently,
you know, they said after communications with voice recording agency, we hereby confirm that
Elliot Gindi and the English voice actor for Tignari will no longer be voicing the character
in subsequent versions due to breach of contract. I guess that contract is, you know, sexual
allegations. Yeah, President, we are communicating with the voice recording agency regarding the
matter and casting a rerecording will gradually replace a Tignari's existing in game voice lines
and issue these updates in a corresponding announcement. Thank you for your support.
So he's being removed, removed.
Yeah, there's that one. I remember the other game was that they were doing that with too.
They recast and redid all the voice lines.
Destiny 2. Remember, the guy from Game of Thrones used to be the little AI thing.
And they know it wasn't the same reason, but they did do that.
No, there was another one that was actually for this type of thing. I think. I want to say it was
in like a dragon, but I don't remember. I don't remember or one of the Yakuza games. I don't
remember now. I don't remember. I remember. Yeah, it's annoying to still see, you know,
this type of thing happening in the industry, but they're addressing it.
Quest Buster does point out miHoYo did the same thing with another character in 2021. This might
be why this sounds familiar, but it was when a Chinese voice actor was erased for similar
behavior while he was married, by the way. So, Dr. Sia says judgment the Yakuza spinoff game.
That's what it was.
Yeah. Yeah. Now that I think about it, I do remember a story about that, too,
had something like that. That's right. It sure did. The actor got busted for drugs,
so they had to replace him because that's what it was. It's a huge, huge issue in
certain countries. So, yeah. Interesting. All right. And then DGRMS about this particular
article says this guy is from my neck of the woods. Fuck that guy. The whole Elliott
Gindi drama goes very deep. That's all I will say. All right. Well, another chat that was said
earlier in chat was SG100Matt saying it all comes back to Theatrhythm. And it sure does,
because guess what I have for the last story tonight? Theatrhythm rumors, but with substance
to it, because it's a quote that was said. There's some press interviews going on with
producer Ichiro Hazama and director Masanobu Suzui, who are promoting Theatrhythm in the
various gaming press right now. But they are taking questions about what could be in the
future for the series. And the team has actually said they'd love to work with franchises like
Mario, The Legend of Zelda, Fire Emblem, and Pokemon. The developers would like to work with
Nintendo on the installment, and there's certainly the music there to do it. I mean, all they would
have to do is like a Theatrhythm Super Smash Brothers, because I think about like how Super
Smash Brothers has the players in it that the audio players that have a very rich Nintendo
soundtrack in them. So to this entire story, I really just say please. What I thought was
interesting is that in a comment to this story on Go Nintendo, I thought this was an interesting
take on it a comment I hear I don't usually read the comments. But here is like the one time in
internet history where I found the comment interesting. And the user said, as neat as the
Square Nintendo crossover rhythm game can be, Nintendo can just revive elite beat agents,
or make a spin off of EBA that focuses on Nintendo music only. Like you can play along to
a Mario theme and in the background, there could be a mini story of Mario rescuing Peach from
browser again, and etc. So basically, this commenter is saying, you know, Nintendo could
just kind of take the idea and make it their own because it wasn't that dissimilar in the first
place from what elite beat agents was. I thought that was an interesting take on it.
They can have the art style be like Paper Mario.
Yeah. Mike Defton chat says, give me pokey rhythm, please. You know what's interesting?
If I recall right, was it I don't think it was the Pokemon company, but it was maybe it was the
Pokemon company. There was that game Harmonite that was made by the people that make Pokemon.
It was very different type of game. But that was on the 3DS. It hadn't I mean, it was removed from
Pokemon. I didn't actually have the music in it or anything. But it was like a music game. It's just
something that comes to mind when you kind of bring up the pokey rhythm. So is that Harmonite
was the thing. So d'Artussia says I definitely do the Zelda course first. Yeah. And, you know,
Crypt of the NecroDancer is the thing. So it's not like Nintendo is closed off to letting other
companies have their IPs in interesting ways. So that could be very interesting. Jason says,
Thea Trithym is the intro read and the last story lol. The way it ought to be tbh. Oh,
and Deft confirms Harmonite did have Pokemon music in it. Oh, I stand corrected. Perfect.
All right. Let's get to the listener roundtable. We invite your participation every week via chat.
If you have a question for us in chat, via Discord, which you can join our Discord over
at vog at network.com slash discord, and our email bag so you can go to participate at orange
laundry do calm if you want to send us an email, which someone finally did this week. Let's get to
the email because it's gonna be an interesting one. It's a doozy. It's a doozy. So let's get
this is a topic. Well, I'll, I'll say my thoughts once Jamie's read it. And I'm permitting this one
because of the nature of the discussion that it will provoke. So hello, or after witnessing some
fallout yesterday from a Final Fantasy 14 streamer trying out Hogwarts legacy. I wanted to ask you
all how you feel about the situation where anyone who streams the game gets a swarm of people
harassing them over it. First off, I 100% support those who refuse to purchase the game or watch any
content from it. She who will not be named is a scummy individual to put it lightly.
Now it seems that anyone who has any Harry Potter fondness or plays this game is immediately labeled
as hateful, a bigot or transphobic. I grew up reading slash watching Harry Potter, and have
been curious about the game haven't bought it. But as someone who was the victim of harassment
to the point of where I almost made an irreversible decision, it's really hard for me
to stand by and say that this retaliation is okay. trans people from around the world have had to
endure harassment their entire lives. I understand that. But this isn't but but this isn't right to
fight hate with hate and risk what that we lose others. I know Jamie said that she didn't want
to cover anything Hogwarts legacy related on the show. So if you choose to bypass this email,
I understand. I just wanted to express my concerns in the only way I can and that Twitter
sure as shit isn't going to allow. Love you guys. Garth Wolf. Yeah, um,
I've thought long and hard about this one. Um,
because I only have one friend, one person that I have retained followship of, who was playing this
game. And the biggest thing that I see is that, well, first of all, I've been seeing a lot of just
really terrible. I would say conservative people using this game to express their anti trans
sentiment. I am including that particular voice actor, who, while I love his voice,
and I love a certain character that he voiced, he is a piece of shit human. And he is friends
with the other piece of shit human. I loved the franchise. It came out at a really difficult time
in my life. I actually still have my books. I'm sorry, I imported my books. And I spent a lot of
money on them. And I'm not one to throw away literature or anything really if I spent money
on it because the money was already spent before I knew anything. That being said,
I am not buying the game. I haven't bought any, the very last thing I ever bought was a Slytherin
mug, like years ago. And that's the last time I've bought anything. But it doesn't mean that I don't
love the stories that we're told. I don't love the characters. I mean, I'm gonna say it. She's
a great author. She wrote really good stuff. And, and there are lots of parallels that people have
seen, that links back to their own experience as a marginalized or misunderstood person.
You know, but then when you go and you see the motivation that this person has, and how
a lot of this has been sneaking into her later work on top of it, it just, it's completely
soured it for me. It doesn't mean that I don't, you know, love and identify with the stories and
characters, but it also means that there's a part of it that's been very tarnished for me.
And the only way that, you know, a person in my position can really do something about it is to,
number one, speak out. Number two, vote with my dollars. I still won't go to Universal.
I won't go to the Nintendo thing at Universal because it's contributing money back to her
franchise because I'm sure as we know that when you pay for franchising, you're, you're paying
like a flat rate to maintain that license. I didn't mean franchising, I meant licensing.
So it's not like I think she's getting like active royalties every time a ticket is sold.
I think she's already been paid and she's going to get paid again. So going back to this,
as far as the harassment side of everything goes, there's a fair point that Garth made that our
trans friends have been living with this sort of hateful discrimination their entire lives. And
I'm even throwing in the internalized transphobia that society has inflicted upon them and taught
them that how they feel is wrong, that you're just confused or, you know, and anything for anyone on
the queer spectrum, you know. I've had it as an ace person. I know we've all experienced this
sense about ourselves when something doesn't conform to the default of, you know, what our
current society has inflicted upon us. But as far as going in to someone else's chat room
while they're streaming the game and being nasty and being abusive,
I have learned, if anything, this is just going to make somebody double down more
and it's going to close them off from a willingness to be educated about it.
I prefer that, especially if it's a friend of mine, you know, like this particular friend,
I happened to be in DBD chat when the discussion came up and I flat out said,
I love you. I will not watch when you play this game. I will not give any revenue,
any, you know, I have Twitch turbos besides appointments. I wouldn't, you know,
watch any ads during that time. I would not participate in the stream. I would actively
not participate. And she's like, I get it. And she's like, I get why people
are acting this way while people, you know, feel this about the game. I don't know that
this person 100% understands that point of view. And I've tried to be as gently
educational about it as I can, but I also feel that in this, the way things are, and this is
not just dealing with our trans friends or LGBTQ plus issues or, or, you know, even issues of,
of race, you know, people of color having to explain why something is considered racist
or something like that, that you also have to have a willingness to go out and be educated.
You know, you can't put the burden of education on somebody who is in that group.
You know, you shouldn't make them do the emotional labor
of having to be the one to educate you. I guarantee you, if you talk to any person of
color in this universe, they're going to tell you it's exhausting having to explain and defend
themselves, their existence because of other people's willful ignorance, and that they want
them to explain it to them rather than this person giving enough of a shit to go out and
look for the answer themselves. And that's how I feel about people streaming the game who claim
to be an ally and still don't understand when you explain it to them. It's, it's,
you know what I mean? I'm just letting you have your space. I'm really trying to be succinct
about it. I do not think we should go in and harass other people TLDR, you know, yeah.
I think that you can take your friend aside, and you can explain to them and you can give
them resources and let them educate themselves. And pay attention to the things that they say
about it. Are they repeating what other people have said? Do they have their own reasons for it?
Um, are they doing it from a place of hate? You know, I even look at this for a lot of people
who claim allyship but are still playing the game that it's, it's like one of those as they
quote micro transgressions, that they don't realize the harm that they're doing, and they're not
doing it in a spirit of ill will, but they do not understand. And in some cases, there's people who
are not capable of understanding that experience. They don't live it. I tried to, I tell my mother
regularly, you know, like when I was talking about like, I forgot what I was talking about,
but my mom said, well, I've never had that happen. I was like, you are not other people,
just because it hasn't happened to you doesn't mean it hasn't happened to other people.
Your experiences are yours. Their experiences are theirs. And I think that you have to
be willing to be vulnerable. You have to really be willing to be vulnerable and be willing to be
wrong in something that you hold as an intrinsic core belief. You have to be willing to be hurt
by it, to grow as a person, to be educated and learn why what you're doing has a greater impact
than just having fun with a video game. Cause I can guarantee you a few of my, my trans friends
that I've spoken to on this one have lost friendships over this game because, and I will
paraphrase, my friend is saying your friendship with me to you is not more important than this
game. This game is more important to you than I am as a person. So that's my piece for now.
I'm going to eat some pizza. No, you're fine. I'm going to be honest. When I originally saw
the email, I didn't want to talk about it because I feel like I don't want to give that game any
more attention. This game has already gotten way too much attention. This boycott has absolutely
positively completely backfired. And if you don't like me for saying that too fucking bad. The proof
is in the numbers. It's selling like wild. It's the number one watched game on Twitch. And I would
say the boycott has only fanned the flames of that whole thing. Let me be clear. My own viewpoint on
Hogwarts legacy. I'm treating it like a sports game. I don't like there, there can be a great
video game out there. I don't fucking care to play it. And I don't fucking care to play it because of
the shit that's come out of her mouth. And I've been disconnected from this universe for quite
some time. I think I've seen a couple of the movies, but like, that's it on the, so, so yeah,
I understand why, why people are upset and why, you know, this game and so forth. That being said,
I also understand that hurt people hurt people. And I understand why some of this is getting very
ugly because like it was said in the, in the email, trans people have had to put up with a
lot of bullshit over the years. And so, yeah, when feelings get hurt, sometimes that turns around
into hurting other people. But that being said, and I think Jamie really already touched on a lot
of this. I'm really just echoing a lot of what you just said. You don't know somebody else's
backstory. You don't know what they might be capable of when it comes to separating
Harry Potter as a fictional universe from the creator. What I mean by that is when you go in,
and I'm not, I'm saying you, but I'm just saying not, not you the listener, but you the bully out
there that probably isn't listening. When the bully goes into somebody's chat deciding, I'm
going to bully this person for playing this game. Have you ever thought that maybe the person that's
playing the game is playing the game because Harry Potter was something that they read to
when they were trying to escape an abusive family situation. When mom and dad were fighting in the
other room, and there were physical exchanges happening. And somebody went in to lock themselves
in their bedroom and read Harry Potter because that was their escape. You don't know if that's
somebody else's story. And so the answer is to bully that individual into coming over to your
side. I'm sorry, that's absolutely not going to work. You're going to cause them to double down
and dig their heels in and you're going to make the problem worse, which is what has happened in
this case. And the saying holds true, you catch more more flies with with honey than vinegar.
Yeah, and but I'm sick of, you know, the unfortunately, when I see these perspectives
presented about we should educate and we should do these different things that is usually met with,
well, you're privileged, and you're in a privileged position to be able to do that.
But you can also both things can be true. I could recognize, yes, I'm in a privileged position,
but I can also recognize but guess what, this tactic you're using over here isn't working,
and you're going to be able to win more people to your side if you educate people. And that is what
I do. When people say they're going to stream Hogwarts Legacy, I say great, I'm not going to
be watching. I have no interest in that game. That woman turned me off to that game several
years ago and that entire universe. I have no interest in that franchise. There are 20 other
games that came out this month that we ought to be talking about. And we're still talking about this.
And the other thing too, you know, we were bringing up privilege and I was bringing up
putting the emotional labor on the, quote, afflicted party. We who were in a privileged
position to be an ally, who have, you know, at least this semblance of fitting into some
accepted stereotype, we can use our privilege and it's encouraged, I think, for us to do so to
offer that point more in the way of pointing to resources put out by people in the marginalized
groups. For example, and even me as an autistic person, I have submitted many things to my
corporate work that's actually had our training changed. Like for an example, they were all like
doing that person first, so person with autism, when the majority of us don't go by that. We go
by autistic person and find the other thing insulting. And now the material says, ask what
someone prefers. But I think that also, as I am not a psychologist, I mean, I have a lot of
interest in psychology and I've learned quite a bit about it, but I'm not a psychologist and I
can't tell you that this is the true effect of someone's mindset or their neurology or whatnot.
Just like, I mean, I spent a lot of time in the sociology courses, but I'm not a sociologist. I
don't know how it affects society in this point, for example. You have to know resources that you
can direct people to because you cannot expect the person in the group to continue to provide
that emotional labor and consistent, I would even say, reopening of wounds by having to speak about
it ad nauseam. It's up to us to be a good ally for the groups, the marginalized groups that we
do, are not an active part of and provide the material that has been approved, that has been
called good. The same way I say, do not refer people to Autism Speaks. They're a hate group.
ASAN is a lot better. The same thing, we have to learn those resources from the people that
are in the groups to find out what's accepted and what really puts the point across. And we
have to make sure that we put this information out there. And be willing to speak up when we see
injustice done. Silence is complicity, is exactly how I see it. And indirect participation
is also an act of complicity. So I choose not to be complicit in the things that are antithesis
to my belief system. And I believe that a transgender woman is a woman. I believe a
transgender man is a man. I believe that a non-binary person is legitimately non-binary,
no matter what's in their knickers. Yes, I use a very southern word for underwear.
I think that people who get their panties all in a bunch over other people just wanting the same
rights as other people, honestly enough, I would like to see their roles reversed. I would love,
I mean, and it's, you know, literature has tried to do this before. Like, for example,
there was an old Superman comic where Lois Lane was black for a day.
It's very controversial, but there are some times where I desperately wish that I could take a
bigot and have them live a day in the life of one of the people they hate.
And see what they're standing against and how ridiculously dangerous it is.
I think, for me, too, the thing that is, if I can point my finger at what upsets me most about
J. Karen Rowling and her viewpoints. Obviously, I find her viewpoints gross. But what really-
Let's just call her Karen.
What really sealed it for me was the fact that one of the pro-LGBT
agencies, I want to say it was PFLAG, but I might be wrong. It might be a different,
GLAAD, it might be a different advocacy organization. They offered to talk to her,
sit her down one on one, educate her in a respectful environment and let her know why
her words are hurtful. She turned them down. And that's where I have the problem is that
somebody who refuses to be educated and refuses to even listen, that's a problem.
I kind of go back to some things I said on the show a couple of weeks ago, and that is,
I think it was the week you weren't here, Jamie, though, actually. But it was,
fuck you, you fucking fuck has never won an argument. Never, ever in the history of ever
has that won an argument. I quite frankly, some of this bullying and this stuff that's happening,
I find it to be quite performative. I'm just going to say it. It's a performance.
It's- I think a lot of it comes from a place where somebody, instead of doing actual hard
work to educate, they want to do a performance to show everybody, look, I'm such an ally,
I'm going to bully these people into submission. I'm sorry. That's disgusting. Wake up.
That reminds me actually of a former mutual friend of both of ours.
Yeah, I know. I know. But-
But it really is performative.
It is. And the part that gets me, and this all comes back to the whole,
there's no ethical consumption under capitalism. And I know some people don't want to apply that
to this argument. I'm sorry. There's too many people that want to say, oh, well, it's not this
because of this. It's not, you know, I'm sorry. You don't get to draw the fucking borders just
so that it works for you. And my case and point is the Twitter bullying. What the actual fuck
are you doing, you fucking hypocrite? And the excuses I have seen people use. Oh, well,
Twitter is a public forum, so it's different and we owe it to ourselves to be here to-
What? Twitter is not a public forum. It is not a publicly traded company. It is a private forum
owned by one person who wants it to be the town square. But I ask you, do his actions
that shove his tweets in your face, whether you want to or not, unless you blocked his ass,
is that representative of what the town square ought to look like? By the way, a same individual
who wrote a tweet that said, and I quote, my pronouns are prosecute slash Fauci. You will
turn a blind eye to that, to use that person's platform that generates those ad dollars to yell
at your streamer that is streaming Hogwarts legacy. Now, again, I don't want to make it
sound like this whole like, no, it is you who are the bully and this whole thing. I'm not saying
that I love the fact that this game is getting all this attention and that, you know, people
are streaming it. Again, I'm not going to watch it, but at the same time, you using Twitter to
yell at those people like that makes you look like a stupid ass. And meanwhile, folks, guess
what else is happening in the world? Drag queen, anti-drag queen library reading laws are being
passed. Anti-trans bills are being passed. Did you know there's another bill that's going on?
I want to say it's like Tennessee, Kentucky, probably both, honestly, that is trying to mirror
what's going on in Florida. No, it's Indiana is the one that mirrors Florida. While you're all
arguing about, is it ethical to play a video game on my Nintendo Switch when Nintendo is 8%
owned by a Saudi company now that, by the way, we know how, you know, that culture feels about
LGBT rights. While we argue those ethics, actual fucking anti-laws are being passed. And what have
you done from your Twitter account to stop this from happening? Nothing. You are useless with this
bullying. Stop it. And even on top of that, like, I agree that for people who can't get out and do
something, then helping to disseminate correct information via social media is perfectly valid.
But to do nothing but rant without putting forward any sort of factual
evidence. I mean, it's inherently a fallacious argument. You're just being an ass, like you said.
And I think that all of us who profess our allyship need to do something. I mean,
everything is going to have a degree of performance to it. That's just how our world is,
even for the people who are just flat out saying, we're not, you know, I'm not going to play this
game and put it out publicly. You know, that's a little performative. I'll grant it. And I think
in some cases there is a benefit to certain performative actions because it will bring
attention to the thought or make someone who would otherwise have not seen that point of view look at
it. But you have to back up the optics with the true action that goes behind it. You know, for
example, if you are, say, say that you don't have money to donate and you are physically incapable
of going out and protesting, you can write a letter. You know, you can highlight charities,
you know, for, you know, like me, I can't donate to every charity that I want to as much as I want
to. But as a streamer, I can run a charity. You can uplift trans and non-binary streamers
because guess what? When you go to hate watch another streamer that's playing Hogwarts Legacy,
you're still watching and you're helping them to meet their partner metrics and you're helping to
meet their affiliate metrics. You really are. You're part of the problem. So why don't you take
your view and give it to somebody else more deserving? Every action is going to have an
effect no matter what. I mean, think of like that butterfly effect thing, if you will. You know,
any little thing that you do is going to have an outcome. You deciding to take a breath could
result in maybe a coughing fit because you're like me and you're still congested or it's the
breath you need to take before darting away from someone trying to kill you. You know, it's all
situational. And I think that you need to really look at the big picture. You need to think of how
this action that I am doing right now, what is it going to cascade into? Because honestly,
now the game getting all of this attention is because people did not think about what the
fuck you were doing. Think before you act and do not react. Act. There is a difference between
acting and reacting. Do not let another stimulus determine what you are going to do without looking
at all sides of the thing. That's why I guess so. Honestly, that's partly why I left Facebook
because it's such a fucking echo chamber and you need to be willing also to step outside of the
damn echo chamber and look at another point of view. Fuck. If you are a diehard socialist like
me, read Fox News, see what the other side is saying. Read the conservative media, see what
the other side is saying. Look objectively at your own beliefs. Be critical of them. Be critical
of what they're doing because you are not going to grow without challenge. And all of these people
out there who are going and yelling at people, you know, that that's not challenging the other
person. That's going to lock them down. And you certainly are not challenging yourself to be
better. You are not an ally by performing this action. All right. Well, a lot of folks in chat
are being thankful for the discussion tonight. So I'm I'm I'm glad we had it. I guess even though
I didn't really want to in the beginning, I feel like, OK, we've we've had the therapy,
we've aired it out. But let me be very clear. This all being said, fuck this game. I'm over it.
I don't ever want to talk about this game again. There are-
Fuck the game, fuck her, fuck everybody.
There are many other things that are worthy of your attention. By the way, I just want to point
out the trans witches are witches bundle on itch.io is only about $11,000 short of its goal.
And I'm not sure when the deadline is. Oh, till the 24th. So you only have about five more days.
So if you want to maybe these are 69 nice games, I'd rather be talking about right now.
I would rather talk about literally any one of these games than the one that won't go away.
I like what you said. And by the way, real quick in our text message earlier, because I mean,
I think I might have surprised you by saying I thought that it was really thoughtful email
would provoke a good discussion. So I say we do it. And you said, all right.
I know. I was like, yeah.
But, um, but I like what you said that you treated as a Madden game. You're not interested.
And it's because of her words.
That's right. That that is what it is to me. The Madden games, they sell a ton. Some people find
them to be great games. Cool. I'm still not interested. And that's at least the thing is,
I mean, I could come up with other problems about the NFL. But I just maybe it's a different type
of thing. I'm just not interested in sports at the end of the day. Whereas, you know, in this one,
it's her viewpoints have tarnished the pool or whatever you want to, you know, shit the bed,
whatever analogy you want to use. But it's it's like the same thing. That's how I view it as a
video game. I just I, there's other games to play. There are lots and lots of other games to play.
And and I think that as you and I discussed a little bit earlier, you saw where I was coming
from with needing to discuss it. And I'm really glad that we did because we have been quiet on it.
But I feel honestly enough that as I mean, at least you and I being under the quilt bag, you
know, and being and all of us being allies to our trans friends, we we have almost a responsibility
to at least say something about it. And I'm glad that we did this. Garth, I absolutely appreciate
your email. You are the MVP of this of this month. And I'm glad that we got it out. I actually feel
better for getting this out. And I don't mind going back to not drawing any more attention to
it. But I do think that as as allies, and as you know, part of the quilt bag, that we have
a responsibility to say something, and I'm glad we did. And if nothing else, let the the failure
of this boycott campaign be a lesson, because there's going to be other video games in the
future that you're going to have some opinions about. And your actions may actually have the
opposite effect of what you're aiming for. Just just act and don't react.
Think ahead, educate around corners. Educate. If somebody doesn't want to be educated,
then that tells you all you need to know about your relationship with that person.
But definitely learned how to look around the corner. anticipate and act accordingly.
All right. Can you believe there's no one waiting to call in tonight?
I want to talk to people now.
Loki, are you alive?
I'm here.
I'm gonna be late playing my dead by daylight, but this is worth it. I want people to call in.
Call in because I said no, no, I I'm gonna actually say if nobody is waiting at this point,
we're 15 minutes till nine o'clock in the night on the East Coast. I would like to go ahead and move
to start to wrap up tonight. But if you do have an email for a future week, participate at orange
laundry.com is a great place to send it. I do want to check in real quick with Loki as well and see
if there's any final thoughts or not final thoughts. I'm sorry, final last minute stories.
I have one too.
There wasn't too much. It was basically that the preorder bonus art book for was it Zelda,
Tears of the Kingdom has leaked out early. So people are going to look at some of the artwork
and stuff from the game that hasn't been shown yet. I don't really know what spoiler is it
necessarily is. It doesn't really have everything. But yeah, looks like Zelda.
So although Toon Link is in there, so I guess that's somewhat of a spoiler. I don't really
know what purpose that serves. But they have an image of Toon Link with the arm thing just like
Link has in Tears of the Kingdom. So
could be something with the amiibo, but I wouldn't read too much into it.
It also just be like promo stuff or concept art.
Yeah, maybe. Yeah.
Yeah, please.
Um, Insight Editions announced that they are publishing an Amy Rose fortune telling card set
based on the ones that were seen in Sonic Origins and also from the IDW
comic series. And they're going to be available in October
from Barnes and Noble and other online things and it'll be 25 bucks.
The cards are really freaking pretty. Like, really well done. There's like chaos fruit
and chaos emeralds and all kinds of stuff. It looks beautiful.
So I just I just looked at chat. I know I usually don't mention these till after the show. But since
we're wrapping down here, I noticed during that last discussion, y'all got us to a level three
hype train. That's um, that's really incredible. Thank you so much. Thanks for being a cool
community. I mean, y'all been really cool and chat with your comments and everything.
So it's it's a nice refreshing change of pace from sometimes what I see on the rest.
Hey, guess what?
The internet. What's that?
Oh, we've already finished. I tried to bump us to level four.
Don't. Oh, well. That's all right. Um, okay. With that, let's wrap up. It's been it's been a good
show tonight. But it's gonna have to last you for two weeks. We will not be here next week. Don't
forget. And that's all my fault. And I am not sorry about it. But Jamie will still be streaming
our pal Bobby Blackwell will be here with his usual show at eight o'clock Eastern five o'clock
Pacific here at bog network. So you have plenty to watch just you know, just a week off otherwise.
Those of you that have a three day weekend this weekend, I hope you have a nice long weekend.
And plus, this is one of those weekends where I don't have to be like, remember why the holiday
exists like it's President's Day. All right, cool sales, you know, like, it's, it's, it's whatever.
So um, yeah, that's that's gonna do it for this week of orange was radio. If you enjoyed what
you heard here, if you want to join our awesome community, please do we're here live on Sunday
nights over at vog network. But of course, you can join us on Discord chat throughout the week,
we still have our podcast family as well. Always you can email us, you could tweet us at OLR.
Although I think I've made my issues with Twitter clear, but I'm trying I'm lazily keeping an eye on
it. Not like I used to though, let me say that. And yeah, all that stuff. So tell a friend or
two about the show help us spread the word because we are the show where every giver has a voice.
But we need more voices here to put out on air a nice five star review on a site wherever you
found this show, whether it was iTunes, Spotify, Amazon, podcasts, whatever it was, hit that five
star button. If it has a review option, say they're cool. And leave a nice review. That
would be great. With that, let's get to final thoughts. Dark Sakura, you're going to do all
this and stream. So give us your final thought tonight. I'm I haven't decided if I'm going to
do a killer only or play some survivor. So if anyone wants to Swift with me, you know where my
chat is. All right. Have a good night, Jamie. We'll see you next two weeks. See you then.
I won't. All right, Loki, your final thought for tonight.
My final thought is that I need to work faster at my Minecraft stuff. I think you're onto something
with maybe taking on smaller builds. I know you know, big projects. You're like my first game is
going to be pixel poops number two. I'm not going to build a clone of solitaire. I'm going to just
end. But hey, you know what? You get it done one way or the other because you got that pixel poops
games done and which just celebrated a year if I'm not mistaken. And two years. Oh, how appropriate
number two. And of course, your YouTubes are great. And people will people have got to find
them eventually. So here's hoping. My final thought, I'll be streaming more theater than
this week, probably not tonight, but tomorrow, Monday, and then probably a little bit Tuesday,
a little bit Wednesday. And then I'll be on streaming vacation for a week. And then by the
time I get back, God, we're almost going to be into the Diablo four beta, which we didn't even
talk about tonight, but the open beta is going to be happening there, and so forth. So there's,
there's just a lot of stuff like I was looking at the stuff I want to stream this year. There is so
much but yeah, streaming is is up and up. It's fun. Thank you for being here with us tonight as
we're doing streaming and streaming this show. I hope you all have a great week. If nothing else
from tonight's discussion, like treat each other with some decency. Educate. I don't know what else
to say here at the end of the show. We hope to educate you a little more in two more weeks on
what's going on in the gaming industry. Have a wonderful night, everybody. Take care of each
other. You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio. Orange Lounge Radio is a production of
OLR Studios. To join us for our live show, tune into vognetwork.com Sunday nights at 6pm Pacific,
9pm Eastern. The views and opinions expressed in this program do not necessarily reflect
those of the staff of Orange Lounge Radio nor VOG Network, but you know they were all still true.
So
