Tonight, March 27, 2011, Duke Nukem gets delayed again, details emerge on Forza 4, and have
some 3DS titles already been cancelled?
Hello my friends out there on the internet and welcome back to another week of Orange
Lounge Radio, it's the show where every gamer has a voice.
It is episode number 407 for this March the 27th of 2011.
My name is Rob Roberts, I'll be joining you over the next few hours with my co-hosts.
Say hello to the one and only Dark Sakura, Jamie Summers.
Woo!
How are you doing, Jamie Summers?
Woo!
Alright, glad you're not Diana Prince these days, right?
Ugh!
Yeah.
I'm sorry, the outfit looks like bad cosplay and boob smooshage.
Smooshage.
It looks like boob smash.
You think maybe we'll get a video game out of this new series if it does well?
Probably.
It'd do well if they...
Okay.
Of course there's DC Universe, that is kind of a Wonder Woman game.
There was this one outfit that they had her in that was sort of this Xena looking loin
cloth-y thing that looked cool.
Why didn't they stick with that?
I don't know.
It was leathery and hardcore and cool.
Actually the hell with this Wonder Woman stuff, let's get Xena back on TV.
No, but AKA Jessica Jones is going to be awesome.
Alright.
Anyhow, we gotta get to video games here in a minute.
But of course we can't do a show without Tech Master Loki!
See, the reason they cancelled Xena is because they found out she had a penis.
Did she?
No.
She very well could have.
No, because then the stuff with Gabrielle wouldn't have been as awesome.
I don't know.
I can't explain it.
So how you doing, Loki?
What's new with you?
Oh, no.
You're right, you're right.
I'm confusing her with China.
My mistake.
That...
I should never do that.
That's because China did enough steroids.
Not the country, but the wrestler.
No, the wrestler.
Yes.
Yes.
I should never...
I apologize, Lucy Lawless.
Lucy Lawless is gorgeous.
Lucy Lawless could play China.
She's awesome.
No, she's awesome.
In like a lifetime movie.
China is a man beast, okay?
So...
No.
Well, it's...
It's because of steroids.
I understand it's because of steroids, but...
Yes.
Oh, man.
I...
Do I feel bad?
Joining us as well in studio, he sometimes does grace us with his presence here on Orange
Lawn Radio.
Say hello to Salacious Pop.
What up?
How you doing?
Doing good.
Yeah?
You looking forward to the Wonder Woman TV show?
Do you watch any TV at all?
No.
I haven't had access to like just TV to my room in years.
There's no like Hulu that you watch.
Hulu, Netflix, or Torrance, really.
You watch Archer.
You got me hooked on that show.
That show's funny.
I like that show on FX.
Really?
You think it's funny?
Yeah.
I thought...
I tried watching a few episodes of that to see it, because it looked really funny, and
it was terrible.
Really?
It was just terrible.
No, I love Archer.
It's funny.
I mean, I got to go back and watch it, but like the first few episodes just annoyed me
because it wasn't funny enough.
Maybe you just saw the wrong episodes.
I don't know.
Maybe.
I don't know.
But I don't know.
Every episode I've seen, I've laughed pretty good.
It's very dark.
The secretary that wants to bang everybody, and then when she...
Because it happens during the commercial breaks, and when you see her, she's got the bruise
marks on her neck because she likes to get choked out.
Just like really like, wow.
Yeah.
A lot of awesome stuff.
All right.
Anyhow, let's get into How Was Your Gaming Week?
We always start off the show with How Was Your Gaming Week?
But I need to introduce, of course, the chat room.
We do tape live every Sunday night at six o'clock Pacific, nine o'clock Eastern, right
after the Bobby Black Wolf show at All Games Radio, www.allgames.com.
And if you want to join us live in our chat room, chat.orangelaungeradio.com, where you
can join us in the live chat room where we do interact with the audience.
For example, Defective Candy in our chat room says, why is the State Theater near my house
doing a salute to Charlie Sheen this week, WTF?
People are going crazy about all this Charlie Sheen stuff, and I'm kind of like, I'm so
over it.
Just like Rebecca Black.
You know, like Rebecca Black was cool like a week ago and now, now I think I'm finally
getting over it.
Like now, now it's become a parody of itself in a way.
And Charlie Sheen, like this whole, is he doing like a live tour or something?
No thanks.
I'll go watch Hot Shots again.
I never actually watched the interview or heard anything.
I haven't even watched the Friday video all the way through.
Oh wait, are we talking Charlie Sheen or Rebecca Black?
Either of them.
Either of them.
Oh, sorry.
I've watched Gang Fight more than I've seen.
What is that video you posted on my wall that's like the Friday lip sync or something?
That was, yeah.
That was Alan.
What was that you posted on my walls?
I got it.
There's a group called, uh, I don't want to get their name wrong.
Bad Lip Sync?
Bad, Bad Lip Reading?
Yeah, that was it.
So they, you know, watch the video on mute and they write down what they think she's
saying by how she's enunciating with her mouth.
And then they came up with a song called Gang Fight based off of Friday because of how,
and then if you look at her, look at her sing it and you read the subtitles, that's what
it looks like she's saying.
And it's pretty awesome.
As you're queuing up the video.
I would try to play some of it here, but I don't, it's YouTube's, YouTube's acting ignorant
right now.
It's terrible.
It's very ignorant right now.
I can't believe this, such ignorance.
There it goes.
Let's see if I can play some of this here.
That should be the theme song to River City Ransom part two, which we were talking about
last week.
We got party hats, Barney, Barney.
I'll link that in our chat room for those folks that want to see that.
It's actually much, I could listen to that.
I would buy that on iTunes.
It's an even better or worse, depending on your view, ear worm than the original is.
Cause I'll be in the shower.
Gang, fight, gang.
It's like, stop it.
I don't know if that's something you should be yelling at yourself in the shower.
All right, let's talk about actual video games.
I can't believe we actually let Charlie Sheen, Rebecca Blackchat take up like two minutes
of our show.
Thank you so much.
Let's talk about actual video games.
And how was your gaming week?
Ladies first, Dark Soccer.
How was your gaming week?
My gaming week was, um, epic.
Well, in the terms of RPGs, cause Dan and I are playing, well, more like Dan's playing
through it and I'm watching him while I crochet, um, playing through Final Fantasy and we're
halfway through the first game and when we're done with that, we're going to go to two.
And then since we don't have a home version of three, you know, that's like, that we can
play on the TV, we're going to skip onto four and then we're going to do five, which we've
got a couple of versions of now, um, six, seven, eight, nine, 10, 10 to 11 was crap
and not really a game.
I was going to say 11 is going to take you a while cause of that whole, you know, I don't
know, 12 years and never got to level cap.
I know.
Well, like it's not going to be, well, you know, I'm just saying.
And then we're going to play 12 and I guess I'll get your 13 back from you again.
Cause I should, I should probably give that to you today.
What about 12, two, uh, 12, two was on the DS, but then there's, well, and it wasn't
really 12, two.
It was like a side story.
There's a 12, two that we saw the, um, 13, two, 13, two that was too damn many games.
Now are you going to be playing, um, the, uh, was it the Final Fantasy four?
Was it the after years or whatever we, it may be out by the time we get to it, we just
might hook up the SNES.
I don't know.
Well, you can put it on the Wii cause it's, uh, we loaned out our Wii, our Wii's on loan.
If you have a PSP with the video, you'll probably be able to do four with the video.
I don't know, but we've got like anthology versions and I have one if you need to borrow
one.
Well, we've, we've got anthology versions, we've got the super Nintendo versions.
I mean, really we've got, I think three different versions of that game that we could play.
And let me back up a little bit.
Why are you doing this?
Because this is romantic.
Well, back in the day, like I say that like it was like so long ago, but Dan and Dan will
play it through, um, Resident Evil two and I would be his navigator.
It's a little bit harder to navigate on an RPG that he remembers better than I do because
it's been a long time since I've played the first one.
And when I last played it, I played it in Japanese.
I'm a wondrous one.
So are you doing like purist?
Are you doing the NES version or are you playing like the remade one on PlayStation one or
something?
This is the remade PlayStation one.
The, was it origins or?
Yeah.
Yeah.
And, um, which is really just like the wondrous one one in terms of the graphics.
But with the souped up music.
Yeah.
It's not, it's nice.
It's very super Nintendo-y.
And, um, our party is, uh, the warrior, the monk or black belt of the thief and red mage.
So we have, we're offensive.
We know they go out and tell bad jokes and then, you know, get experience for it, I guess.
But Dan likes to name, um, the party after people that he knows.
So the warrior is Dan and I'm the red mage because hi, I'm versatile and can cast fire
three.
Um, then, uh, our friend Becky, he's named, uh, our, uh, monk because Becky kicks ass
and then, uh, mystique is the thief because it's mystique and the thief is always asleep
or dead.
So, which is actually, you know, we kind of made a joke that that's what mystique is like
whenever we have work to do, um, and she's been on the show.
People have heard her.
Um, so it's pretty fun.
And like I was yelling at the husband the other day, I'm playing a little bit of final
fantasy three, mostly at school, like before class when I get a chance to and, uh, playing
well.
And, um, I made a new character, Rebecca black, just because I thought it would be funny.
And I like, now you're stuck with it.
I, well, I like going, running through stormwind occasion and having people stop and go, really?
And I'm like, yeah, just because it's fun.
It's my own version of trolling.
No, it's fun, fun, fun, fun.
I brought this chicken for us to eat.
Anything else for your gaming week?
Uh, pinball, I actually played some pinball.
Good times.
I played some world cup soccer, had a crappy game, and then I had a great game where I
apparently was kicking more ass than I should have kicked.
And then I like drained them on my last two balls.
It was sort of like, suck, suck, suck, suck, suck, suck.
That was what my game was like.
And Dan's my witness.
He can vouch for me.
That was, that's my gaming week.
Awesome.
And I crocheted.
How about you and your gaming week?
Motorstorm apocalypse.
I finished the rookie story mode thing, which is funny because I didn't know it was rookie.
It's really hard as it is.
So now I'm in pro, which is featuring this one guy who they did like this cheesy, actually
kind of an Archer type intro for.
So I'm interested to see where that goes.
And then what else did I play?
I played more Ridge Racer because it's fun.
I'm glad to actually be able to play Ridge Racer in English now.
I got my, you know, my US 3DS now and I've already put the Japanese one on eBay, so it
should be sold this week.
And got some pilot wings in Super Street Fighter IV.
So those are kind of the, kind of the games to get I guess.
That's really what I'm getting for a while.
I mean the only other game that kind of looked interesting was that Dream Trigger, but beyond
that, I don't see anything until like the fourth quarter.
So I don't know.
And just from my experience today, it is not difficult to find a 3DS, at least in the first
few days.
When I talked to somebody at Gamestop, they had a couple left and they said they were
getting more on Friday.
And then there was a Toys R Us, they had at least seven left, you know, quite a few.
And no one was even interested, there was no one there.
So maybe just because no one thinks of Toys R Us anymore for games.
I still kind of sort of want one.
There's not a lot of games for it that are worth really picking up.
A lot of them are just crap, but there's like two or three that are probably pretty good.
Beyond that, might as well wait.
I mean seriously, it's not a Wii situation right now.
And it looks like they were able to cover anybody that wanted one so far.
And if you haven't found it yet, you'll probably be able to get one pretty soon.
You know I was thinking earlier today about this whole early release date and why Nintendo
really seemed hell bent on getting this thing out in March.
And do you think part of it is to try and sell as many of these as they can before we
really start ramping up for the holiday season?
Like part of me kind of thought if they waited until the holiday season when maybe they had
the Kid Icarus and some of these other games, maybe they wouldn't be able to get as many
third parties on board.
Because I think part of what they really want to sell with this system is like the movies,
the entertainment package and everything.
If they get this out there early, like now, so that way it kind of ramps up through the
summer, kids graduation presents and things like that.
You know, let's say they sell a million of these if not more by summertime, then there's
already that install base so that now they can go to movie companies and say, so hey,
how about putting out that, you know, Tangled or that Tron Legacy out on 3D?
I'm sure that would help, but I don't think that's why they did it.
I think they did it because they're trying to bump up their numbers for this fiscal year.
And by putting it out just before, you know, the fiscal year's up, they figured that they're
gonna sell all their, you know, first batch of systems probably within the first week.
And so that will really boost their numbers for this year and make it look good for their
investors.
That's all I really think the reason why that they did it.
Because if you think about it, look, they've got the system out here, actually it's out
in all regions now, yet not everything's done yet.
Like they don't have the internet browser yet.
They don't have like the store up yet.
That's coming in May.
Because it's not done yet!
So they just put it out to get it out there for people, and it'll be like saying, hey,
that's an awesome car that you bought.
Tires!
Those are coming in May!
It's awesome!
I mean, you could drive around in it now, it sparks a lot, but man, once those tires
hit in, that's gonna be awesome.
That's, you know, part one of the hatred of some of their decisions.
But yet you still bought one like a lamb to the slaughter.
You were in line.
I don't care about their crappy web browser.
Or their store!
Because I'm not really interested in buying stuff.
Although I do have the, on the Japanese system, I do have that little 3D video that they had.
And they had a little screenshot of Mario, because it's them playing Mario music.
But it's totally what I expected that, I have a feeling that's exactly what their 3D remakes
of these classic games are gonna look like.
It's basically taking the sprite layers and just kind of offsetting them a little bit.
So when you have a background layer 4 or whatever, it's back further.
So they're just gonna build an emulator.
One of the games that I played at E3 last year I think was Xevious, the old school 8-bit
game, which I think was an arcade shooter from Namco back in the day.
All it really was was that all the sprites were on the front layer, and then the background
was on the back layer.
I mean, but I'm not gonna lie, it was a neat 3D effect, but was it a truckload of programming
to get done?
Probably not.
You build an emulator and it runs ROMs, and that's it, you're done.
Question from Tigerclaw in our chatroom, I wonder what sort of 3D implementation they
are gonna do on the 3DS browser.
You think any at all?
Probably not, if anything it'll be- Maybe something in Flash?
I don't know.
Um...
Because one place that, you know, if Nintendo wants to kind of poke Apple a little bit,
they could support Flash, because Apple doesn't support Flash.
They supported Flash- No, they didn't support Flash- I can't remember what they supported.
They supported something with it.
It was very basic.
It was just like the PSP was, where it supported- It used basic.
It supports Flash, but very little Flash, because of the kits that they had.
But I think, if anything, what would be kind of cool is to support the image format that
those 3D pictures are in.
So, like, say if I post that on my, you know, wall or something like that, you know, somewhere
in a webpage, it would be in 3D on yours.
Of course, if they supported Flash, then I could go to one of those websites that's playing
Nintendo games in Flash, on the NES emulator that's in Flash, and I could play those games
on my 3D- It would be very meta.
No, you couldn't.
And the reason why you couldn't is because, just, it doesn't have the processing power
to handle that, something like that, and you don't have the inputs to do something like
that either.
So, you know, it's just like down on the PSP, you'd never be able to build something like
that.
I'm going to our pal Bobby Blackwell from the chatroom.
The US 3DS has an OK Go music video once you update the system.
I did hear about that.
Yeah, that looks- That's interesting.
It's probably more exciting than the Japanese, you know-
It's more of a show-off thing, right?
It's like, it's not meant to do anything but say, ooh, 3D, ooh!
Yeah, and it's something that they're saying, we can remove this in a future update.
Okay.
Go ahead.
For the record, OK Go is a good band.
No, they're cool, and they make really good music videos.
Like, you know, everybody remembers the frickin' Treadmill video, and I think that song's in
Rock Band.
All their videos since then have been amazing.
Oh yeah, and that one, there was like the dominoes all in one take, that was an amazing
video.
Well, there's the one with the dogs, one with them in the park, with the stop motion.
The one with the dogs is the one that they have on there, yeah.
Okay.
So, it's like, they're on the cutting edge of music videos.
It's like them and Lady Gaga, right there.
Yeah.
Alright.
They should collaborate.
I saw them play a doubleheader with Snow Patrol a couple years ago.
Really?
Good show.
Oh, good times.
Another good band.
Alright, so is that it for your gaming week, Loki?
Some 3DS rants and so forth?
Um, yeah, that, I mean, this isn't really gaming, but I went and saw Sucker Punch yesterday,
which, I don't know why all the hate, really, everyone's like, this is the worst movie ever,
this is totally what's wrong with Hollywood.
It was entertaining.
Oh, damn, Hollywood, why would you make entertaining movies?
I don't understand.
See, Salacious Pop wants me to go see that, and I'm kind of like, okay, really, it's what
you want to see.
It's alright.
Let me put it this way.
It's kind of funny because it's, a lot of it looks like it's completely ripped off of
different games.
Like, they have this one scene that you probably see in there where they're in a mech and stuff
and fighting these, like, they're reanimated Germans, but they look like Helghast from
Killzone.
It's, it's pretty much that.
It looks so much like it.
It's ridiculous.
Are there lots of boobs?
Because I'll go see it if there's boobs.
It's PG-13.
Oh, come on!
No, but it's got, it's got a scene, though, at the very end where they're on a train,
and it's seriously out of the intro of Final Fantasy 13 where they're, like, fighting soldiers
and stuff and doing all the crazy zero-G stuff.
It's badass, but, uh, and it's, like, seriously, I'm like, why couldn't this be a game?
This would be really awesome as a game.
Not so much as a movie, but it'd be really awesome as a game.
I feel like Salacious Pop's dying to say something here.
I'd just like to support Zack Snyder, even though he's sort of on a decline.
He directed it, because Dawn of the Dead remake, awesome.
The 300, problematic, but awesome.
Then Watchmen, I love the novel, but eh, now, now this, so.
So Superman's gonna be great.
It was cool, but, like, I see people's complaints, they're like, well, the first part of the
movie didn't even have any dialogue in it.
So what?
So it didn't have dialogue in it.
Neither did Wall-E, so that argument's null and void, because Wall-E's one of the greatest
movies of the past ten years.
So did the first 20, 25 minutes of the Kubrick classic, 2001, so.
But, like, um, and, you know, it is a little confusing with why she sees this mental institution
as, like, a brothel, you know, burlesque thing or something like that.
And whatever, who cares?
It doesn't matter, because if it was just, like, oh, you know, we're in a mental institution
and stuff.
It's basically her coping with whatever is going on, because apparently, you know, there's
stuff that's going on, that's why she's seeing it as, like, a, you know, a burlesque type
place.
Um, the way she copes with it is kind of goes into this imaginary world thing, where she's
solving how she's gonna escape.
And you see how she's gonna figure that out right in the very beginning.
She figured it all out, but this is just all, like, very quick, like, uh, kind of like Inception
where, you know, there's a lot stuff taking place in a very short period of time.
Bonds006 in our chatroom says, I just want porn on the 3DS.
Boobies in 3D.
Is there any porn in 3D?
Well, people can take pictures of the camera and then they can upload it to a website and
you can download it to your flashcard.
It'll be a matter of time before that's up and running.
It would not be difficult to do that.
I would say otherwise, your biggest hope would be, uh, Netflix when it comes out, if they
start doing the 3D movies, uh, and then, like, Piranha 3D is gonna be, like, your boobies
in 3D or whatever else.
Well, once they have it where you can, say, take video with your 3DS and stuff, they'll
find a way to convert video to a 3DS format and, ta-da, you know, they'll be done.
But then again, I don't know, it'd be hard to do 3D.
There's not a lot of 3D video being shot nowadays and 3D monitors aren't really standard yet,
so, I don't know, it might be a while.
But boobies in 3D.
I mean, that's a great use of 3D.
But once again, though, that's just to get people in the seats for, like, Piranha 3D.
I mean, a terrible movie, but, you know, it's... it is interesting.
Like, you know, I would see it for that and the fact that it's just really cheesy and
it's got a lot of gore in it.
I mean, that sounds awesome.
Alright, whatever.
But it's a terrible movie.
You're part of the problem!
No, no, okay, there is something, I can't remember, I'm trying to think if we're actually
going to get into it tonight, um, God, I had a Nintendo thing.
I'll look it up, but there was a rant scheduled about something.
Alright, you will come back to that after the gaming week.
I have to refresh my memory why I was pissed off.
Let me go over to Salacious Pop and check in with him.
How was your gaming week, Salacious Pop?
It was pretty good.
I started one of my biannual playthroughs of Half-Life 2, because I have to revisit
that game every couple months.
My favorite thing to do for a Half-Life 2 replay is, you know, the very beginning when
you're on the train, play, marathon it all the way through your arrival at Ravenholm,
which is the very scary, gory, Resident Evil inspired, and I think the developers of Valve
said that this very Resident Evil influenced that zone.
I will marathon it from the beginning to that point and then I'll take a break.
That's where I'm at right now.
I played some Warcraft 3, the RTS from 2003.
I'm starting to use cheat codes now, just so I can see the story.
And uh, wow, World of Warcraft.
That's about it.
Alright.
When do you think Half-Life 3 will become a reality?
Yet, Valve said they were going to have some kind of, not necessarily an event, but some
sort of an announcement in April after Portal 2.
If it's not Half-Life related in some way, I will just shed on the floor.
You might want to get a diaper, just in case.
Alright.
I know Loki's dying to get to his ramp, but I'm going to make him wait through my gaming
week.
That's fine.
It's not a bad big deal.
Let me talk about my gaming week real quick.
Um, I played a lot of repeats.
I played You Don't Know Jack, which was fun.
Speaking of diapers, we got the best dissertat ever.
It was, what was it?
It was, uh, boy band or adult diaper?
Something like that?
I don't remember what it was.
No, it was inspirational poster.
Yeah.
It was inspirational poster or adult diaper brand.
I don't know.
I want to ruin the game for you guys.
It was great.
Laughed.
It's a good, it's just a fun party game.
Got one of our friends into it who hadn't played, uh, You Don't Know Jack.
It called me an idiot to my face.
Yeah, that's right.
The game called you an idiot.
I forgot about that.
It was, uh, what was the question?
Something about what one of these pop culture references has to do with kissing the Barney
Stone.
And it was like, uh, the correct answer was the kiss from Spiderman because you're supposed
to kiss the Barney Stone upside down.
But Alan buzzed in with Lady and the Tramp and the game goes, Cookie, the wonderful announcer
goes, yeah, you're supposed to slurp spaghetti with the Barney Stone, idiot.
He ended up winning the round anyway, but I took it home at the end.
We couldn't hear any follow up because, uh, Grandpa Warcraft we were playing with and
I were laughing so loud.
We couldn't hear over whatever the announcer was saying that the game had called Alan an
idiot.
Great.
Um, otherwise Torchlight on Xbox Live Arcade.
And every time Alan walks in and I'm playing that, he's like, why aren't you playing this
on PC?
But I don't know.
I, I want the achievements.
Don't judge me.
Um, and I went to a Roseville Golf Land this week and rest in peace arcade.
I once knew, you know, we've had a bunch of sad news about, you know, we had the Chinatown
arcade in New York City closed, arcade infinity closed as far as I'm concerned, Roseville
Golf Land closed too.
That place is dead to me.
I mean, if you're not a racing game fan, whichever way, something like Dan's probably all happy
that it's all racing games, but there's nothing there for me now.
He's going to hear me fuss.
There's, there's no Beatmania anymore.
There's no DJ Max Technica.
They even got rid of Supernova 2 or whatever it was.
All they have is DDR Disney, yeah, Disney and Max 2 and then the drum freaks are, I'm
not even into that.
They have guitar freaks and drum freaks that like beat the hell up, but they're there at
least.
But I'm just, you know, I'm kind of over it and there's just not a lot of, I mean, I would
be cool if there were some fun fighting games, no Capcom SNK to be found, no Soul Calibur,
nothing.
It's, they have an original Soul Calibur 2.
Where the hell was that?
It was hidden somewhere.
And they also have an SNK, it's like, um, three different King of Fighters and then
a Metal Slug, one of those four in one boxes.
When I played that a couple of months ago and I was laughing last there, I was on the
right side, player two side, and the forward or left on the joystick didn't work.
Yeah, it's just sad.
The only game I played when I was there, I played Wangan Midnight Maximum 2 and 3, because
like, that is one racing game I do really like.
I'll play that.
They had Initial D5, which, you know, there's a lot of people really into that series, I'm
sure we're playing that.
There's only one game there that I think is still in E real good and that's that Tank,
Tank, Tank.
They do have Tank, Tank, Tank still, but I'm just, I'm over it.
Like, it's so far out there for me to drive to and now with no beat mania, I'm just kind
of like, you're dead to me, bye.
They have a big, um, aside from all the racers, they have the big shooter games with like
the giant plastic gun that, you know, like the, the Sega Rambo, Rambo game.
So this game is kind of fun.
So dad swiped his card for his little girl.
She couldn't have been older than six or seven and she's got this big plastic hollow gun
as big as she is playing Rambo.
She wasn't doing that.
Well, I was like, that is awesome.
You kill all those mercenaries.
You just, yeah, you go ahead girl.
Go ahead.
I'm going to our chat room at chat dot orange lounge radio.com GOVDA has a warning about
the Blarney stone.
Don't kiss the stone.
All the local boys pee on it to laugh at the tourists.
That's probably some good advice.
You know what?
I doubt that because the thing is way, way up high in the top of the castle and I've
got video of my uncle doing it.
Oh really?
Yeah.
No, not pee.
Your uncle kiss pee.
He went for his honeymoon.
Okay.
But like lady in the tramp, I don't think, I don't really don't think that there's any
way the local boys could get up there and pee on it past security.
You know what?
That's what boys like to do is pee on things.
So where there's a will, there's a pee.
Uh, anyway, uh, what else did I play this week?
Otherwise?
Um, that was pretty, I feel like there's something I'm forgetting.
Oh, final fantasy three on the iPhone came out this week.
Um, it's a remake of the DS version of final fantasy three port.
Yeah.
Or a port, whatever.
Uh, well they, I don't know if you'd say, cause they really did soup it up.
It's for retina display and the graphics are like noticeably like, wow.
I mean, I, that was one of the first things I noticed is it looks great on the iPhone.
I mean, granted it's kind of small.
I'm usually not a big fan of games on the iPhone, but you know, because they tailor
made this for the iPhone, the analog stick kind of works.
The faux analog stick they do.
One thing I love about it that I wish more iPhone developers would do, it's not a always
in the same place analog stick, wherever you touch on the screen becomes an analog stick.
So like, you know, in some games you want to be able to see the bottom left corner or
the analog stick sometimes is.
So if that ends up being the case of fantasy three, you can just move your thumb to the
upper right and have your analog stick be there.
And it's, it's very small little improvement that I really like.
Um, the only tricky touchy prices is the price.
Uh, 1599 if you want to buy this game on the iPhone.
So it's a little high, but then you gotta, you know.
What a game is worth is really up in the air right now, and this is where a lot of controversy
comes in, which you've heard about, you know, at Game Developers Conference where Nintendo
was kind of poo-pooing iPhone developers and this whole 99 cents for a game and you know,
all this.
So I mean 1599, yeah it's a lot to ask for an iPhone game, but at the same time the quality
is pretty great and you're getting a port or a remake, whatever you want to call it,
of a $35 DS game.
I mean I actually don't think $16 is too much to ask for this at all.
I mean it is a classic game and you know you're going to get hours of playability out of this
if you're a Final Fantasy fan.
I mean you already know if this game is for you or not.
Either you like Final Fantasy games, old school, or you don't.
But it looks beautiful and the only bummer is that there's no demo, so that you couldn't
really like see for yourself.
But um, I, the very exciting thing about this is that that means they'll probably put out
the 4 remake as well, but at the same time with that PSP one on the horizon, I can't
justify getting 4 on the iPhone when we're going to have that beautiful PSP remake with
the after years.
So it'll be interesting to see if maybe 5 comes out later.
On the phone, that would be tempting, but I'd probably already have the PSP one by then.
And I'm, even though you might have tricked me into buying Final Fantasy 3DS like 5 years
ago, and this, I'll be a little more choosier with 4, so I'm probably not going to get that
on the iPhone.
Something else to keep in mind, they do cut the prices of games quite regularly.
If I had more patience, I probably could have picked this game up for like 10 bucks whenever
the next Square Enix game comes out, but it's going to be a little while.
So anyhow, that's really it for my gaming week.
So Loki wanted to go back to something he was talking about.
Actually, it was just what you were talking about, how Nintendo was poo-pooing on the
developers and stuff like that, the indie developers and the whole Apple marketplace.
They were quoted saying that they don't want garage developers on their system, is their
quote.
You know, people that, they want serious indie developers, but they don't want garage developers,
just people that make games, I guess.
Because they don't want crappy games coming out in their system.
Excuse me!
Crappy games coming out in your system.
The Wii has a ton of shovelware games.
There's a ton of shovelware games coming out every single month from legitimate developers
and legitimate publishers.
I'm sorry, you know, the fact that there's not garage developers out there, somebody
that I don't know might add some innovation to something instead of say, licensing Jelly
Belly or licensing Smiley Face.
The icon of the 60s, 70s, whoo, that's current.
You know, seriously, I just have a problem with them.
I don't think, see once again, this kind of goes back to, they don't understand the whole
online business.
They understand making consoles and making some innovative stuff, but when it comes to
the online thing, they're just lost.
It's like they just don't know what they're doing.
It's getting better, but once again, they need to realize, yes, I understand that a
lot of games come out for 99 cents on the iOS, but you know what?
You might make a lot of money by putting out something simple like that for 99 cents.
I mean, had they not put virtual console stuff out there for four, five, six, seven dollars
and put it all out for 99 cents, I bet you'd be people buying stuff left and right, just
crazy amounts of games.
Well, the other thing too is don't the developers for iOS have to pay, first of all, some sort
of licensing fee and development costs for the systems?
They have to buy the SDK, right?
I think so.
Well, actually, no, I'm not sure if they do have to buy the software development kit,
because I think you can just download that stuff.
Yes.
There is a license.
There is.
So Apple right there is making their money from developers, regardless if the developers
are making the money or not, the only thing they have to worry about is if anything is
going to basically screw with their branding and screw with their imaging of their system.
I mean, not just the imaging of the system, but all of their little rules that they have
set up.
So really, it's nothing Apple needs to worry about, nothing the developers need to worry
about.
Actually, the only ones who need to worry anything about it are the developers.
Is this a labor of love, or is this something that they want to do for fun, or is this something
they're going to do to make money?
It's a very different model than what Nintendo has to work with, because Nintendo doesn't
have to deal with the same clientele.
Here's the problem with Nintendo and what they're worried about is the fact that they're
a first-party developer as well.
I mean, they put out their own games.
Apple doesn't put out their own games.
They don't care.
Also, if you think about it, there's garage developers, as they would.
They could put out tons of games, and not necessarily all good, but no one's really
saying, oh, God, the Apple marketplace is just crap.
There's so much garbage on there.
Yeah, there's a lot of garbage.
There's a lot of good stuff too, but there's also a good review process where you can see
what's garbage and what's not garbage.
They've got to find some sort of middle ground, both them and the PlayStation Network, because
if they just open it up, they could actually compete with Apple pretty well, I think.
They're not willing to embrace that.
It's tricky to say too where you draw the line, because I look at something like Super
Meat Boy, and that was kind of a... I don't know if you want to say it was a garage developer,
but it was definitely in that middle ground.
It was basically two guys that made that whole game, despite maybe they had somebody else
do the music and so forth.
But the core of the game was two guys, and it's probably one of the best arcade games
to have come out in the past year.
Yeah, but you know what their difference between garage developer and indie developer is?
Well, they don't want fart apps on the Wii is what it boils down to.
And I don't have a problem with that.
What if people want to buy fart apps?
That's fine.
You know what?
No one's going to say, oh, Nintendo sucks because they have fart apps on there.
No, you don't buy it.
Okay?
That's not a big deal.
Well, and the whole point too, I mean, with the little novelty apps like that, they only
really work on something like a phone, something you're going to care about.
Like at breakfast this morning when I broke out the sad trombone.
Does that have, would you ever need to break out sad trombone while you're playing on the
Wii?
No?
Unless someone just made a really stupid joke while they were playing, and then you bring
out your phone into it.
Well, you wait someone to fail really badly on the Wii game that they're playing, and
then you bring out your phone and you play that for them.
Yeah.
But I think to Nintendo, the only difference between indie developer and garage developer
is do people like their games?
Because that's really the only difference for them.
Oh!
Two people developing out of a garage made a popular game, oh well they're an indie developer.
You know, large company makes fart app, oh well they're a garage developer.
That's really, I think, the only, that's their only excuse.
Really, it just comes down to that they're, they're just not embracing what they need
to be embracing, the business model that's going to make them money.
Some interesting comments, sorry, some interesting comments from chatroom, BlackWolf says XNA
indie games sold so well too, or wait.
I would say though, somewhat, I don't think indie games turned out the way that Microsoft
really advertised it at first.
Like, whatever happened to the really good indie games are going to cross over into the
real arcade.
Like, wasn't that...
They do that.
Like, do they?
They do that, but they have, that, it's, it's so rare though.
It's basically...
Because I know that dishwasher game was supposed to be their big thing, but...
It's a competition that they hold each year, and the, like, top few games actually do get
published as Xbox Live Arcade games, but that's once a year, and we're talking, like, two
to four games, maybe, that get published.
And yeah, there is a lot of junk out there, but once again, there's a problem because
it wasn't until well after that came out that they actually got a peer rating system for
that, and even now, I don't really know if that's that prevalent on there.
People can't make comments, for example, like you can on the Apple App Store, where you
can say, okay, well the reason I don't like this game, it's not because, oh, it's just
crap, you know, I rated it one star.
It's, okay, this game is glitchy, and it doesn't load, or this game is broken, or whatever.
The dashboard, too, is just kind of clunky.
It's a clunky way to find good games, and it really screws over those developers who
don't land in the top spots.
Like, it's just kind of hard to find the things I think you would like.
Like, that's, that's my only thing with XNA is, is like, there's so many games on there,
I don't know where to begin, and a lot of the top stuff is poop, and if I go, and a
lot of people probably look at that and go, really, if this is the top stuff on XNA?
Not all of it.
There's some good stuff that gets in there, but, I don't know, I just, I feel like there's,
I feel like Microsoft's got a good idea there, but there's just one thing they're doing wrong,
and it's just the presentation of it all.
And I'm not saying they have to put it front and center.
I get why they put it where they do, but there's ways they could feature it better than they
do.
You know what I mean?
But I want to follow it up with this, because GameGuru in the chat says then, I think Sony
is going to try with PlayStation Suite, and that is something that's on the horizon.
PlayStation Suite, of course, is trying to lure those middle ground developers.
For PC, though.
I mean, it's, I don't know if that's really going to make a big difference, and it's going
to be a little late, because, I mean, we're talking like five years into the console cycle,
and they still haven't had something like that.
I say right now that probably Microsoft's the closest thing that, you know, leased to
Apple as far as at least they're letting independent developers, you know, get the tools to make
games.
And yeah, a lot of them do suck, but there's developers realize that they can make something
niche and something that people like, oh, hey, that's funny, I'm going to download that.
But that's fine.
You don't have to download that.
And that's the thing.
Nintendo has to understand.
Even the stuff that they have people paying, I mean, like, oh, seriously, they have the
Major League Eating game.
I mean, come on.
I mean, come on.
Is that really Nintendo quality?
I mean, is that something that you're really going to say, hey, look, we got Major League
Eating on our system.
Or like the beer pong game or something like that.
There's a lot of crap on there.
And the fact that they're just like coming out saying, oh, well, you know, we don't want
these garage developers ruining our system.
I'm sorry, but all the other developers that you have making crappy games on your system
are the ones, quote, you know, ruining your system.
All right.
Well, we are, what, 40 minutes into the show and have yet to get to the news.
But that's okay.
We're talking about games.
That's how we roll.
No, we haven't got the video.
Or the news.
We want to get to more of the news.
But that's okay.
Quickly, some housekeeping before we do so.
Of course, you can always add us on Facebook.
Facebook.com slash OrangeLoungeRadio.
And of course, follow us on Twitter, Twitter.com slash O-L-R. That's how you can keep tabs
with us online.
Or visit our website, www.OrangeLoungeRadio.com.
Otherwise, nothing really coming up for the schedule of the future.
Just keep it on rolling like we always do here.
Sunday nights at 6 p.m. Pacific, 9 p.m. Eastern.
Let's get into some video game news for the week.
Loki, start us off.
Yummy, yummy, yummy news.
Now, this is kind of funny.
I kind of laughed a little bit.
But it's not that big a deal.
And I know it's just the fact that the reputation of this game.
Duke Nukem Forever delayed.
It's only delayed a month.
And that's not a big deal.
And really, I kind of explained this a little bit on Twitter.
It was coming out in May.
Right now in May, there's a ton of crap coming out.
Literally like a week after Duke Nukem Forever comes out, we have L.A. Noire.
Then there's Brink.
And then Fear 3.
And Hunted, The Demon's Forge.
Dungeon Siege 3.
MX vs ATV Alive.
I mean, just a ton of AAA games coming out during that time.
Lego, I mean, it's not really direct competition, but Lego Pirates of the Caribbean.
So I mean.
School's letting out, right?
So it's like, school's letting out, here's all this shit for you to play.
But it's not typical that May's a busy month.
Usually June is a little bit busier.
May's kind of eh.
And then April's is dead.
Which April is still dead.
But like last year, they had a lot of good games coming out in May and it kind of worked
out for them.
So they're kind of doing that again.
But it's a good thing that I think it's moving to June, for them at least, because June right
now doesn't have much coming out.
It has a few AAA games and that's it.
I mean, there's stuff that's not announced yet, but very few games compared to May coming
out.
So, whatever.
It's a month.
It's not like ten years.
Now if it's late again and again and again and again, then, well, you know, there's not
really anything we can say about that.
Did you watch the little video?
I just watched the video.
The video was funny.
Like, it's sort of like, oh, yeah, we know, here, you know, it was, it was pretty, pretty
fun.
Well, they had to know they were going to take a lot of shit for delaying the game again.
But you know, see, here's the thing, I agree it's not as big of a deal as I think some
people would make this out to be because, let's face it, this game has truly been in
development only as long as Gearbox has had it.
Because I don't fault them for the time that 3D Realms had the game, because, in my opinion,
they started over, maybe with the assets and so forth, but you know Gearbox basically started
from quote-unquote scratch.
I mean, maybe there were some scraps here and there that they recycled, but Gearbox
probably had to build this game from the ground up.
So I don't fault them for the ten year delay this game took.
I don't think it was really their fault.
So one month, whatever.
And besides, you have to thank them for actually putting the damn game out.
I mean, they could have, it could have just like, no one could have bought it.
They just said, ah, forget it, you know, Duke Nukem's ten years ago, who cares?
Right.
Or they could have changed the title, you know, or something.
Oh, hell no.
That wouldn't work.
Yeah, I know.
It's just one of those things where it's like, nah, at this point you just have to put it
out.
Yes, I have an idea.
Let's change the title to Eat Lead, and then, you know, max that.
Bochi Kawa in our chatroom says, it wouldn't be Duke Nukem Forever if it wasn't delayed
at least one more time.
And it wouldn't be Duke Nukem Forever also if they weren't offending somebody.
And of course, you know, they have their multiplayer modes that have been announced, Duke Match,
Team Duke Match.
But the one that is kind of pissing people off is Capture the Babe.
And apparently it's like Capture the Flag, obviously.
But the babe will sporadically freak out, and you have to, I guess, slap her to get
her back in line.
Oh, great.
On the rump.
A little playful spank to keep her in line, because that's a good message.
They said it in the face, but, well, something.
No.
Slap.
Slap his ass.
Is that how I can keep Dark Sakura in line when she yells at me on the show?
Bitch, please.
I don't want to be a widower at 33.
But yeah, I mean, it's Duke Nukem.
Come on.
I heard Fox News did a thing on it.
Come on.
Fox News.
Fox News is stupid.
The media is going to just take this opportunity to say, look at the games you're buying your
kids.
Look at the games.
Look like this.
Every single video game is slapping women on the ass.
And they will turn you gay.
All of them will turn you gay.
That's Fox News for you.
Rob, was Duke Nukem 3D responsible?
Come to think of it, I was playing Duke Nukem 3D that year that everything changed.
I don't know.
Perhaps.
No, it has nothing to do with it, obviously.
Come on, people.
I don't know.
Duke Nukem made me very happy.
I thought Duke Nukem 3D was a great game.
I'm looking forward to this new one, even though I know I'm going to be so disappointed.
I'm going to be so, so very disappointed that I sort of don't care.
It's like, I don't know, it would be like Death Race 3000.
I mean, you know, they're never going to live up to the awesomeness that was Death Race
2000.
Hell, the remake didn't live up to the awesome Roger Corman classic, but you still kind of
want to watch it anyways because it's got more killing in it and it's got cheesy stuff.
We'll have Jason Statham.
And no hand grenade.
I mean, come on.
That was awesome.
Aw.
All right.
Well, moving on to something a little more artful, maybe you're familiar with a company
called The Weinstein Company.
This was, of course, the company that was started by the brothers Weinstein getting
into films when they left Miramax, they went their separate ways, right?
And they actually put out, or they distributed, they don't, you know, make the movies, but
they're a distributor.
They distributed The King's Speech, which of course won the Oscar this year.
Well, The Weinstein Company is getting into games.
They formed this week a strategic consultancy, whatever that means, with Beefy Media.
I love that.
The Weinstein Company, arthouse maker, films up with, teams up with Beefy Media.
Anyhow, they're supposedly going to be capitalizing on Weinstein properties.
Now, The Weinstein Company also owns Dimension Films, which is responsible for a lot of the
horror movies you see out there right now.
So this would include things like Scream, which, you know, is getting a new movie after,
what, 10 years, very soon, Halloween, Hellraiser, Children of the Corn, Scary Movie, Spy Kids.
All of these would now fall under this possible TWC games table.
Because Spy Kids is frightening.
Well, I mean, there could be a kids game in there.
I mean, you know, like, I don't know, I haven't even seen the Spy Kids movies, but I understand
they're what?
James Bond for kids, right?
Pretty much?
It's like Robert Rodriguez doing his community service project.
There was Spy Kids and then along that sort of franchise there eventually became Lava
Girl and Sharkboy.
And that's how we got Taylor Lautner.
He was Sharkboy.
Oh, really?
You know a lot about Taylor Lautner.
That kind of frightens me.
And that's, it was the origin of Machete.
Oh, okay.
Well, that's okay.
So does Weinstein Company own Kill Bill or does that fall under your box?
They put out pretty much all of the Quentin Tarantino stuff.
Pulp Fiction was Miramax.
I want to say Jackie Brown, yeah.
So where's my Kill Bill video game?
Maybe that could be a part of this.
I don't know.
It very well could be.
Very well could be.
Especially if they do a sequel, which they weren't talking about doing.
So that's it.
You know, obviously no game announcements right now, but they are exploring these brands
in the video game universe.
I would say especially some of these scary games I could see happening.
Like a Halloween video game makes a lot of sense.
And yes, I do remember there was one on the Atari 2600 years ago.
And you may remember, I mean it's not unlike, you know, movie studios to get into the game
business.
Warner Games putting out Mortal Kombat next month.
I mean, Fox is in games, but they don't really do a whole lot, they don't do anything console-wise
right now.
They like some online downloadable games.
But Warner Games is a big one, for sure.
And Disney.
Disney Interactive.
All right.
Well, we'll see what comes of this in the future, but right now, nothing but an announcement.
And who knows, maybe a Scream tie-in game just in time for Scream 5.
Or 6.
Or 21.
Whatever.
Hey, I gotta admit, I want to see the new Scream movie just because I love the old one.
Which is, I know is completely weird because I talk about how much I hate horror movies
like Saw and all that stuff, but to me, Scream is like, I don't know, like, Scream is okay.
I mean, yeah, it's a little gory, but it's not like Saw sick.
I didn't mind the Scream movie, actually.
Yeah, Scream's cute.
I was just like, what's your favorite Scream movie?
Showgirls.
Yeah, Scream's very, like, tongue-in-cheek, and, like, I like those movies.
I'll see those.
Yeah.
I just hope that Hayden Panterre is the before-the-credits killing.
No spoilers in chat.
I will destroy you.
All right.
Dark Saga.
Well.
Well, speaking of kids' movies and scary, Pokemons!
Yay!
Well, it looks like that Pokemon Black and White has sold two million units in the first
two weeks in the U.S., and five million plus copies in Japan, so, uh, yeah, they've made
their money.
Seven million people playing the game.
Or at least buying it and reselling it on eBay.
Well, we were at, um, at Dimple, which is a local resell place, and they're saying that
basically if they get any of the Pokemon games in, it's gone the same day.
Oh, I'm sure.
Yeah, so.
I can-
Kids eat this shit up.
Hell, adults eat this stuff up, too, like, you know, Miek LaTov, who's been on this show
in the past.
And he was playing Black and White, but he imported them.
He imported it and he got the regular ones.
But you know what?
Pokemon's cute, it's just, I don't know, when I played, what did I play on the Advance?
Ruby or one of, I don't know, I'm so lost.
Ruby and Emerald was the Advance generation.
The character I played on the Advance felt like the same damn game I played on the old
school Black and White Game Boy.
You know what I mean?
Like, I feel like the series hasn't really evolved in a long time.
Maybe Black and White does something different that I haven't seen yet.
I have to admit, I'm kind of curious.
I do kind of want to play it.
Oh, Black and White, you can collect poop.
Oh, yay.
And their poop does special things.
Oh, hooray.
So yeah.
Anyhow, so yeah, I'll probably check that out eventually, but you know there's going
to be a Pokemon 3D at some point.
You know what?
Pokemon...
You know what?
I'm done with Pokemon.
I'm really done.
I would never say never, because what if there was a Pokemon Snap on the 3DS?
Okay, that's different, but I'm done with the conventional Pokemon games.
Pokemon MMO has to happen someday.
I will live to see a Pokemon MMO, damn it.
There is sort of one that someone made called PokeFarm, like a website.
I mean, official Reggie Fils-Aime coming out and saying, Pokemon the MMO, you bitches have
been asking for it for years, here you go, thwack.
You know Nintendo wouldn't do an MMO.
I have it tied to my harem of women down here.
You know Nintendo really wouldn't do an MMO.
Too much that they couldn't.
If Nintendo wants to prove they've really changed, which I don't know why they would
want to prove that, but whatever, they could do a Pokemon MMO.
It'd be something like Animal Crossing.
I think too, a Pokemon MMO would probably feel like one of those Disney MMOs, because
Pokemon is so much for kids, like, you know, it would be an MMO with pre-determined phrases
that you can say, and you know, it'd be more modeled like a Disney MMO, but that would
be better than nothing, but that's just me, so.
The fact that you'd be able to chat online would be a step ahead for Nintendo.
I read a list a couple days ago, it was top 10 or top 15 most disturbing Pokedex entries
that are inappropriate for kids that you didn't know were in the game, and it's like, this
Pokemon wears the skull of its dead mother and it cries all the time.
Cubone!
Yeah.
It was Cubone.
Yeah.
What?
Really?
This one is the soul of the dead child who comes back and eats other souls.
I had heard something about this new game is set in a New York City environment and
there's actually a place called Ground Zero that looks all destroyed, and it's supposed
to be like an alien thing, but it's still like, dude!
Not cool!
You know?
This might be, why didn't you just think there's a million things you could have called that.
Maybe that hits a little close to home, especially for kids.
Anyhow, let's move on.
More gaming news, Loki.
Yeah, so there's some rumored features that are going to be coming to Forza 4.
This is coming from a special survey that they had.
Of course, a survey that was not supposed to be leaked out, but I don't know what was.
So, some of the information that people have gathered are speculating coming from there.
Of course, one of the things they mentioned about Forza and the Kinect is you'll be able
to use the Kinect to drive, I guess.
So they're going to have some controller-free racing.
I guess you're going to be holding your hands like you're holding a steering wheel.
Like the U-Force?
Like the U-Force or like Joyride.
They're saying it's going to support over 500 cars from 80 different manufacturers.
They're saying that there's also a no-assist expert mode, a new career mode involving an
automotive world tour.
They're going to increase the variety in challenges and events that you participate in.
The game's going to look better with 10 times more graphic fidelity and new lighting and
shading models.
Also I guess they're saying that...
This is kind of cool.
They're going to be doing...
And once again, this is all you need to do in your damn games.
Just make it better with Kinect by introducing head tracking.
Awesome.
And I guess they're going to also have voice control for menus and air faces.
That is awesome.
But hey, head tracking.
It's not that difficult.
Add it to every single goddamn first person shooter that you have.
Done.
I mean you don't need to have...
You're still using a controller.
It's just tracking your head to make it slightly more realistic.
I have to admit that would be kind of cool.
Why is that so difficult?
I mean it...
Nintendo could be...
As much as I am not a fan of the 3D metroids, it's the first thing that comes to mind with
like a Nintendo backed first person shooter that would be really cool with the head tracking.
Could you imagine a time crisis with head tracking?
Where you peek over or around a corner?
That would be cool.
Police 9-1-1?
Which was also one of the few machines they had at Roseville Golf Land.
So police 9-1-1-2.
One of the few machines they had that was working.
I know, right?
They should have, what was it, rescue 9-1-1.
Sir William Shatner.
No.
Well.
Quick comment from our chat room at chat.orchestlandtrader.com.
They're behind a little bit because of the delay, so it goes back to the Pokemon story.
Act F wanted to correct something saying it's not...
It's actually not called ground zero though.
It's called Relic Castle.
Maybe it was something to do with the translations.
One of my friends is saying something.
But of course, you know how rumors go.
So alright, fine.
There you go.
A little correction issue there.
Alright, so if that's all Loki has to say about Forza.
Yeah, that's all I have to say about Forza.
I don't know.
Head tracking.
I'm very interested to see that implemented in more games.
I really think it's a good idea and it's simple.
If you don't want to use the Kinect stuff because you're worried people are going to
be like, oh casual.
Head tracking.
That's all you got to do.
And you can even say, hey look.
It puts you in the game.
And guess what?
You don't have to use the stupid, you know, Kinect stuff if you don't want to.
That's awesome.
Well, now, I don't know if you guys remember when Nintendo did this.
This was way before the 3DS.
Way before the Game Boy.
Even the NES.
They used to do these little LCD Game and Watch games.
That's where Mr. Game and Watch comes from.
I've got a couple.
Yeah, I know.
The old school stuff.
The old Mario Brothers one and some other ones.
I had the Cenet Mixer one.
Oh, good times.
Yeah.
So yeah, these Game and Watch games are really old school.
They even have like a Donkey Kong Jr. one and so forth.
Well, there's this new website that came out this week and, or at least caught wind on
the game blogs this week called Pikapeak.com.
No that's not a Pikachu thing.
It's maybe Pikapik.
I don't know.
P-I-C-A dash P-I-C dot com if you want to check this out.
You can actually play a variety of the Game and Watch LCD games, at least until this website
gets shut down.
But really, Nintendo's gonna really try to shut this down over old LCD Game and Watch
games.
I don't know.
So yeah, I'm on it right now.
I'm trying to find a fun LCD game old school to play here.
Let's see.
What did I find here?
Otto Slalom.
That doesn't look like fun.
I want to play Mario Brothers or something.
Mary Cook.
Oh, I remember this one.
Good times.
Oh, you can even move back and forth.
That's done very well.
Yeah, and you can like move back and forth with S and K. Not the game company, but S
and K. So let's see if we can start.
Here we go.
Good times.
Listen to the sounds of LCD games.
That's right.
This is the stuff that Jamie, Matt, and I grew up on.
Ooh, it looks like it's Russian.
Yeah, the machine's probably copied from like a Russian machine or something.
Anyhow, good times.
So check that out.
T-C-A dash P-I-C dot com if you want to see some real old school gaming that'll entertain
you for like five minutes.
Well let's move on to something just a little bit more serious than the old school games.
There was a particular person on Bioware's forums that was complaining about the inclusiveness
of the romance in Dragon Age 2.
And he basically was saying that he represents the straight male gamer.
And that he didn't like that...
Basically his whole little thing was very generalizing.
He's like, we are your demographic.
You need to cater to us.
Basically saying, oh, and women don't play these games.
We play the Sims.
Yeah.
And he's like, the last thing is there should have been much more focus on making sure us
male gamers were happy.
And he said, now immediately I'm sure that some male gamers are going to be like, you
don't speak for me.
I love Dragon Age 2.
But you have to understand the straight male gamer cannot just lumped into a single category.
He also uses commas very poorly.
So a long letter was put out by Dave Guider of Bioware.
Basically saying, first of all, because you say you represent the straight male gamer,
we know you don't.
I don't recall an election being held where you are the representative of all straight
male gamers out there.
And basically saying, you know, I'll read a few lines here and there.
It says, the romances in the game are not for the straight male gamer.
They're for everyone.
We have a lot of fans, many of whom are neither straight nor male, and they deserve no less
attention.
We have good numbers, after all, on the number of people who actually use similar sorts of
content in DAO, and thus don't need to resort to anecdotal evidence to support our idea
that the numbers are not insignificant.
And basically going on, you know, it's basically saying, yeah, we don't care, you need to get
your head out of your ass and realize that you're not the only person in the world.
And there's one paragraph, if you don't mind me reading it, that is like the most awesome
thing.
It's about lies to the world in general, and I think everyone needs to take this to heart.
And if there is any doubt why such an opinion might be met with hostility, it has to do
with privilege.
You can write it off as political correctness if you wish, but the truth is that privilege
always lies with the majority.
They're so used to being catered to that they see the lack of catering as an imbalance.
They don't see anything wrong with having things set up to suit them.
What's everyone's fuss all about?
That's the way it should be.
Anybody else should get used to not getting what they want.
It's basically saying, well, yeah, everyone else might have catered to you, but hi, this
is the real world and the universe doesn't revolve around you.
And the part of the argument I don't get is that the game doesn't force you to do any
particular path.
Like, it's cool that it's so open-ended that you truly get to mold the story.
And I can't tell you how many women fan their panties over Dragon Age.
This is an insanely popular series with women.
Tiara is a big fan.
Oh, yeah.
I see it all over my Facebook with women who don't even normally play a lot of games.
And I went and watched one of the sex scenes in Dragon Age 2.
I watched the lesbian stuff because it was cute.
They were so cute.
They were so adorable.
How could anybody be upset about that?
And on top of that, it gave you options that you could not go through with the romance.
You could say the quote, wrong thing to make the romance not happen.
It was totally like, it was, it was actually pretty realistic how it was set up.
And what I also don't understand where this dude is coming from is it's like, well, have
you ever watched an episode of Will and Grace?
Like did it make you gay to watch a gay storyline play out or something?
You know what I mean?
It's kind of like, what's the big, even if, even if there really wasn't an option, a good
game is still a good game.
A good story is a good story.
It's kind of like, what's your big...
And you know what my big thing is that the biggest people that get their panties in a
bunch over, you know, anything that's remotely, I would say, homocentric is there's gotta
be some insecurity on his part if, you know, he's like, oh, well this makes me uncomfortable
and it's gotta be personal insecurity, I think.
My understanding is that even if you have a male main character and you want to play
him as, with a hetero pairing, which means you're hitting on all the women NPCs, the
male NPCs that you could do a same sex pairing with, they still flirt with you a little bit
so that it's, you know, the way that the game is set up is to where you can tell, okay,
well, if I want to do it with this male character, the flirtation path is there.
I think a lot of these, you know, bro gamers don't like that accessibility even if it's
not something that they would RP into the game themselves.
Like they basically, if there is a same sex option, they want it buried so deep that you
have to go to Game Facts and look up how to do it.
They don't want male computer characters hitting on them in a video game because they don't
like it.
And you know what, this is what I say to them and pardon me for saying so, tough shit.
It doesn't matter.
You're going to have to get used to, you know, things are going to happen in life that you're
not comfortable with.
Things are going to happen that are not fitting in with your worldview.
Get used to it.
It's called reality.
Let me also kind of phrase it this way.
I'm sure this guy doesn't listen to the show, but let me like just kind of give you a dose
of reality.
Flip the tables, dude.
I am a homosexual gamer and have been forever and I have to play through all these games
that have straight storylines.
Does that make me dislike the games even more because I'm not allowed to be gay in these
games?
No, because they're stories.
And like for instance, Final Fantasy X, you know, hetero love between Titus and Yuna plays
a big theme in that whole game, but I love it.
Like I get verklempt at that game because I think it is so amazing, at least at the
time, you know, especially graphically and the storytelling in that game for the time
was so, you know, emotionally moving.
Did I, was I not able to get into it because Titus wasn't hitting on Wakka?
No, that's like, it does, a good story is a good story.
You know what I mean?
Well, I sort of put it also into the mindset of a tabletop gamer.
You think about this, when you are in game, you're supposed to be in character.
And if it's in your character's nature to, you know, flirt with a girl, then you stay
within your character's nature.
If your character's nature is to flirt with a dude, it's in your character's nature.
If they are completely, you know, say you're playing like the most uptight paladin, they're
supposed to get uncomfortable whenever and anyone flirts with them.
You know, that's the type of thing.
You are in the mindset of the character that you're playing it if it's immersive enough
of a game.
And maybe that's where the discomfort comes from, that he was in the mindset of the character.
I don't know.
I mean, but the whole point of you, the whole thing is that you are in game as your character.
Unless it's saying you are you in the game, but no, you're playing this person that's
living in this life at this time.
And yeah, I mean, do they get mad when the dudes in Fable, you know, show a little bit
of interest?
Hmm?
It's just ridiculous.
Bro dude needs to get over it.
And it's not even the, I mean, A, it's an option.
B if you go down, if you take your character down that path anyway, it's not like you're
forced to watch anal sex.
Okay.
I mean, let's be real.
It's a fade.
It's artful and you know, whatever.
It's not like, I would understand maybe if like a game like forced you to watch sex encounters
you're not comfortable with, but let's face it, there's no game that's tacky like that
at all.
Except maybe the guy game.
How many years ago was that?
It's just the point.
I mean, and if you're that insecure, then you know what, go find yourself a good therapist
and deal with your insecurities instead of taking them out on developer of the game who
is catering to their audience.
Essex in our chat room says, I'm a big old queen, but I love Lulu in Final Fantasy X
just for that outfit.
Right?
I know.
She was beautiful and vicious.
I was pissed that she wasn't really a central character in 10 too.
I was a little upset though that she didn't look pregnant.
That's true.
Canyon in our chat room says my character's nature is to flirt with everybody.
There you go.
In a Final Fantasy X too, they made Lulu a stay at home mom.
Totally destroyed her form.
10 too.
Oh, 10 too.
That's right.
All right.
Anyhow, let's travel around the world and look at some release dates, some games coming
out soon to a Target and Walmart and GameStop near you.
Yes.
Um, there's some decent stuff coming out this week.
Um, you know, not to mention, I'm not going to mention all the 3DS stuff that's coming
out today because, well, it's today and not next week.
Um, some other cool stuff though that will be coming our way.
WWE All-Stars on PlayStation 2, PlayStation 3, Xbox 360, the Wii and the PSP.
Um, if you're looking for like an arcade style WWE game, kind of, uh, reminds me of like
stuff that they had way back on, like the Super Nintendo NES, that kind of stuff.
Um, Dynasty Warriors 7 on PS3 and 360, of course a tie-in with the new movie, Hop on
Nintendo DS, um, let's see, Tiger Woods PGA Tour 12 coming quite early this year on PlayStation
3, Xbox 360, and on the Wii, um, Legend of Heroes Trails in the Sky, the limited edition
that's, uh, coming out on PSP as well, um, Shift 2 Unleashed on PC, PlayStation 3 and
Xbox 360, uh, NASCAR 11 on, uh, PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360, Country Dance, um, taking
the Just Dance series and putting some country music with it, of course it's not actually
by Ubisoft, it's kind of a knock-off, but, you know, same type of thing.
And that'll be on the Wii, uh, Pinkalicious, based off of like some children's book, that's
on Nintendo DS, Zuzu Puppies, yes, it's not hamsters anymore, it's just, you know, animals,
so now that's coming out on Nintendo DS, and, um, and that would be it.
Again, the chat's delayed a little bit, but I have to read this comment from chat, because
I love it so much, before I get to the Japanese release dates, Bochikawa in our chatroom
says, if it's a choice, it's a choice in a game, you've got another choice, don't play
the game.
Well said, my friend.
Alright, on to Japanese release dates, what's coming out in Japan very soon.
On the 7th of April, Bullet Soul comes out in Japan on the Xbox 360, as well as a game
called Nailed, no, that is not a sexual connotation, it actually looks like an ATV racing game,
I don't know where Nailed has to do with that, but yeah, Top Spin 4, the, uh, did you see
that very controversial Serena Williams commercial, I don't think it made our show world tonight,
did you see that, uh, Top Spin 4 commercial?
It was dumb.
It was not even that, that controversial at all, so, alright, um, also moving on to, uh,
releases on the Playstation 3, Nailed is coming out of there as well, as well as Top Spin
4 there as well, um, moving on to the Nintendo Wii, nothing, cause things have dried up there
a little bit.
Um, on the 3DS, March 31st, uh, you have to look forward to Blaze Blue Continuum Shift
2, Naruto Shippuden, Nierate Imakai Sakyo Ninkai Kessen comes out as well, and then,
uh, a whole, like, Super Street Fighter 4 themed stuff.
You want a cleaning cloth in Chun-Li?
You got it.
So forth.
Yeah, I'm kind of mixing up my weeks here, cause sadly there's, like, nothing really
coming out on the 360 or the PS3, but granted, with all that's going on in Japan right now,
I'm sure some things kind of got moved around, so, you know.
Uh, lastly on the PSP, BlazBlue, BlazeBlue, whatever you want to call it, Continuum Shift
2 is out there as well, and, and, and, Oni Chambara Special, yeah, March 31st.
Let's move on to Europe!
Well, not a whole bunch, it's a short list, um, on the 30th we have Islands of Wakku,
and Strania the Stella Machina, I guess, Machina, um, that makes me think of your cat.
The Stella Machina?
The Stella Machina.
She is not a robot as far as I'm aware.
No.
She is a pain in the ass a lot of times, though.
So I've seen.
And Castlevania, Lords of Shadow Reverie, and Motorstorm Apocalypse, which, as Loki
would have us believe, is awesome.
It is very awesome.
Is it like, ah, awesome?
Yes it is.
It's O-Face, apparently.
It is that awesome.
Alright, let's move on with some more news, we're just a little ways away from the classic
game of the week, real good one this week too, one that I think a lot of you have played,
but we'll get there after a couple more news stories.
Ah, yes, um, so, this is always fun, um, Sony, and I don't really know if this is a big deal,
but I guess they're transferring the online service operations, um, to a new division
of their company, I guess.
The Sony Network Entertainment Inc. instead of Sony Computer Entertainment of America
and that kind of stuff.
I don't know.
Everybody's like, oh my god, you know, it's another part of their company.
It's not like they're giving your money away or something to like, I don't know, the people
that run Ragnarok online or something like that, although that would be quite funny.
I love Ragnarok.
But um, yeah, okay, so, I don't know, a lot of people are covering this and yeah, it's
coming, the change is going on April 1st and basically you're being asked to enter into
a new terms of service, blah blah blah, I mean, so what?
So they're changing the name of that division.
It's more of like a consolidation thing.
It really doesn't seem like a big deal.
I would think people that, like if you use the PC store, which I don't know if a lot
of our listeners do, I would say if anyone does, it's probably Spazinator who always
gives us the PSN updates and all that.
It's consolidating with the one on the Playstation 3 and it sounds like a good thing.
It's probably all moving towards something more unified for the NGP or whatever they
ultimately call that thing.
And honestly, if Microsoft does it, with the Zune points or whatever, I guess the Zune
isn't around anymore, but you know what I mean, like the points for Microsoft on the
360 are the same you can use to buy stuff on the Zune or on your PC through Windows
Media, it's just competitive or whatever.
It's no big deal, really.
But if it is something you'd like to know, at least they're changing their name.
I'm sure people are like, oh my god, it's something to do with hacking.
No, it's not.
It's just, whatever.
They're changing something.
They're not going to lock it down all of a sudden differently.
They're not going to make you retina scan yourself before you can log into your account
or...
I don't know.
I'd be glad though, it is Sony Network Entertainment and not Zynga.
That's all that matters.
Alright, a couple updates for you on what's going on in the gaming community for Japan
Relief and the tragedy that's happened over there.
Some really cool stuff happening at Sega.
Sega is auctioning off some very rare collectibles.
There is a Valkyria Chronicles poster that's going to be auctioned off.
A Dreamcast hoodie as well that is being auctioned off.
Lots and lots of cool stuff over at Sega.
If you want to see more information on that, go to their blogs, blogs.sega.com.
A Yakuza track jacket.
There's a lot of...
A Dreamcast bag.
There's like, I'm sure, tons of stuff in here where DarkSocko would be like, what?
She's like, I have four of those already.
Well, she wouldn't have a signed copy of Valkyria Chronicles for the PS3, I know she doesn't
have that.
Or Virtua Tennis Sweatbands, I don't think I've seen those before.
But how about an Outrun art signed by Yu Suzuki, I bet Dan would be all over that.
I have a photo of Dan shaking the man's hand.
Alright.
But still, it's for Japan Relief, so it is a good cause.
It's a good cause.
It's a great cause.
Alright, also going on in the gaming world, Gamers Heart Japan.
It's something that's on Facebook right now, and you can check out their website, gamersheartjapan.com.
What is it?
It's supposed to be a special collaboration between developers and journalists.
It's gonna be discussing, it's like a TV special you could say, but I don't think it's supposed
to be on TV.
But it's gonna feature folks throughout the gaming industry, Tim Schafer, Peter Molyneux,
all these folks talking about how the Japanese have impacted the gaming industry for us and
how the Japanese will continue to shape it in the future.
And you know, folks from G4 and Destructoid are gonna take part in this as well.
So you can check out more information on that, gamersheartjapan.com.
And that's a whole special thing they're gonna put together that's just, you know, I think
it's kind of similar to what the music industry did.
You saw a lot of like music industry, Heart Japan.
I wouldn't even say I saw somewhere on the internet like voice actors for anime, Heart
Japan.
I don't remember what they called it, but there's a lot of this like Heart Japan stuff
going on right now, and you know, all for a great cause.
So as much as we give the television stuff crap sometimes, this actually sounds pretty
good.
Like even if there wasn't the whole tragedy and fundraising going on behind this, it actually
sounds like an interesting special.
And just the fact that it is for such an important and good cause makes it even better.
So very cool.
I kind of, it almost sounds to me like the closest thing you can kind of do in the gaming
industry to like a telethon type thing.
Like you remember when another big tragedy happened, Katrina and George Clooney put together
all the celebrities to kind of do that telethon for Katrina relief.
This kind of seems like the gamer equivalent of that for a, you know, different type of
tragedy.
So kind of neat.
Definitely thinking outside the box for raising funds.
I think it's a good idea.
I think it's a great idea.
So I'll be checking that out myself.
All right, for now though, let's move on into the classic game of the week.
You know, every week here on the show, we like to take a trip down memory lane and look
at a game that helped us become who we are today.
And this is a game that is near and dear to all of our hearts here at Orange Lounge Radio.
It's not a music game.
It's something else that's pretty awesome.
It is dark soccer's classic game of the week.
She's going to jump in the vault right now and pull that game for us.
Dark soccer.
What is the classic game of the week?
Classic game of the week is dark stalkers, which in Japan was known as vampire and in
Europe as vampire hunter.
There was a trilogy of these fantastic, super fun and one of my favorite games ever.
I'm sure I've brought up the game room I worked in at my college before where we had the World
Cup soccer and Killer Instinct.
Well, this was another game that we had and there's this one guy who was super epically
awesome at this game and I tried so hard to beat him and finally did and I felt so accomplished.
But yeah, there were three different games in the series.
There was a vampire slash dark soccer's.
There was vampire hunter slash night warriors, which is the second one and vampire savior.
And then there was a vampire hunter two and a vampire savior two.
There were sort of upgraded versions and then the rereleases which came out later.
So basically the theme of the game is that you've got kind of different monsters in this
particular universe and hunters, but you've got, you know, your vampires.
You have your ghost, your demon possessions, your zombies.
The characters of the game.
There was Dimitri Maximoff, who was the vampire, John Talbien, who was the werewolf, Victor
von Gerdenheim, who was a Frankenstein's monster, Lord Raptor, the zombie, Morrigan, who was
the succubus, Anna Kars, who's a mummy, Felicia, the cat woman, Bishamon, who was this possessed
samurai armor.
You had Riku, who was the fish man and Sasquatch, who was a Sasquatch, what a shock.
And then you had your boss characters, who was Huitzil, who was like a Mexican robot,
like an ancient Aztec robot and Pyron, who is this flame guy.
And it was a pretty cool game, lots of fun, very street fightery.
You could air block and crouch walk and had chain combos and different things.
You had a super combo, so you could do a special attack.
And it actually would, though, drain as you played if you didn't keep doing stuff to refill
it.
It came out on PlayStation in 96 and had a new opening theme, which was really cool.
But it was the theme for the American Dogstalkers animated series, which was kind of crap.
And then we had Vampire Hunter, or Night Warriors, as it came out over here.
So we got Donovan and Sienko in there.
And you could also play as Huitzil and Pyron, still the bosses.
And you had a normal mode, and then you had an easy mode that was an auto block mode and
different chain combos.
And it came out on the Saturn, which I've got this version.
Super, super awesome game.
It was probably one of the best fighting games that I think came out in the US.
And of course, the Japanese version was the same, because the Saturn had more memory for
it.
So then Vampire Savior came out, which was the one that brought in Jetta, who was totally
my character for a while, and Lilith, who was like the missing piece of Morgan's soul.
And QB, who was always fun, and baby Bonnie Hood, which she actually had a better name
in Japan.
It was Bulleta.
She was super fun to use.
And I love her ending, because it's like this monster family watching TV.
There's been this massacre, and everyone will watch out for a human person.
They're like, oh, these humans are so scary.
Keep us safe, daddy.
I'll protect you, son.
And then you see her walking along the path to the werewolf's home, and all scary and
everything.
But anyway.
Yeah, I haven't played this game 50,000 times.
And the Saturn version was really sweet for this, and it used the Capcom 4-meg RAM cartridge.
Got this one, too.
And so it was fully arcade perfect.
It was fantastic.
And you could play as...
It was all kinds of different bonus characters in it.
You had Shadow, but you didn't get Marionette, who was another hidden.
Shadow basically was...
You could assume the identity of the defeated character in there, and then...
So if you beat Morrigan, your next fight you play as Morrigan, that type of game.
It was really cool.
And of course, like I said, there was also the upgraded ones.
There's Vampire Hunter 2 and Vampire Savior 2 that were the upgraded versions.
Different tweaks.
You also had slightly different...
I think that they redid some of the sprites for it, too, if I'm correct.
And you also had Bishamon and Shadow as the secret characters, and you had Marionette
that were basically mirror matches.
And then there were the re-releases.
There's Vampire Chronicle, which was the one that came out on Dreamcast.
It was a Dreamcast direct mail order.
And I believe I have that one, too.
Pretty sure I do.
And it came out over here as Dark Sulkish Chronicle, the Chaos Tower.
There's a PSP version.
There's also Dark Sulkers Collection that came out on PS2 in 2005.
And then there was an animated series that was kind of crap.
And then the OAV series, which is actually kind of cool, called Vampire Hunter the Animation
Series put out by Viz.
There were manga, different comics that came out.
And then there was Dark Sulkers graphic file that was a bunch of screenshots and storyboards
and concept art.
But that was put out by Udon.
Udon is fantastic in their Capcom related art.
I follow a few of their people on DeviantArt.
They are amazing artists.
Their attention to detail, the way they capture the style, they're fantastic.
And then in Love Hina, actually, there were the main female characters were the costumes
of Boletta, Sienko, Felicia for Halloween in chapter 86 of the manga.
And then in Marvel vs. Capcom 3, you can play as Morgan, Felicia and Sienko.
So this is probably one of the absolute best rated games ever.
UGO ranked it as number 19 and there's also a rumor that there's going to be another Dark
Sulkers coming out.
That'll be awesome.
I don't know how founded that is, but.
Well here's a comment from Mr. J100 Matt in chat that might lend some credit to this.
I remember the MVC 3 panel at New York Comic Con someone asked the devs if they would consider
making a Dark Sulkers sequel or remake.
Ryota Nitsuma said that Capcom might consider it if people wrote a ton of letters requesting
it.
Get on it.
Well, you know what, imagine, okay look how well Street Fighter 4 did.
Look how Marvel vs. Capcom 3 is doing.
It sort of would be the next logical step for them to release a Dark Sulkers game.
Bring out all the old characters, make them all playable, and then throw in some new ones.
You've got all kinds of supernatural mythos out there.
There's that Street Fighter cross Tekken game though still on the way that I think has gone
to the back of a lot of our minds, but it's coming.
Capcom has multiple development houses, they can do it.
That's the classic game.
Alright, your classic game of the week, an arcade classic, Dark Sulkers, what's that?
Another hidden character, Dee.
Which was the fully, you know Donovan was half Dark Sulkers, well there was the version
of him that was all evil and vampirey.
And his final, his ending, he just shows up fighting Anita, the little girl that was following
around with him, only she's older, but it fades out and that's his ending.
Alright.
Well there it is, your classic game of the week, Dark Sulkers from the arcade by Capcom
and lots of those characters still showing up today in other Capcom games, so Dark Sulkers
is definitely not forgotten.
Alright, we're going to take a break guys, but don't go anywhere, we'll be right back
with plenty more of Orange Lounge Radio, including your tweets, so get those in at twitter.com
slash o-l-r.
Some rapid fire news tonight involving music games and virtual console news, then we'll
get into some other news in the back half of our show, including the results of The
Great Kong Off, some Resident Evil news, and a list list tonight.
We'll tell you the topic when we come back with more of Orange Lounge Radio right after
this.
Welcome back everybody to Orange Lounge Radio.
We are live on this Sunday evening, March the 27th of 2011 with our 407th episode of
Orange Lounge Radio.
Welcome back, we had a fun first half talking a little bit about the 3DS launch and talking
about BioWare and Forza and some other stuff too.
We're going to get into plenty more gaming news and your twitter topics in just a minute
here, but first we want to do some rapid fire news right after we do some plugs for our
spinoff shows, or side projects if you will.
Dark Soccer, I believe your side project had a pretty big show this week, right?
Yes, we had a fantastic show.
The show that I do is called Comic Insanity, and it's basically comics, I do this with
Tiara, who you've heard on the show, she's hosted before, Mar and Marvel, and also with
Dan Shadow, and we basically discussed comics, but we had a special guest for our recording
today, which you can hear on Tuesday, downloaded from Infamous.net, N-F-A-M-O-U-S.net.
We had Todd Stashwick on the show, and he is doing, actually writing an online comic.
It's called Devil Inside, it's on his website, ToddStashwick.com, but he's also known in the
TV sci-fi fan community as kind of a monster and bad guy, you know, he's taken those kinds
of roles.
He's been on Buffy, he's been on Angel, he's on Supernatural, one of my favorite episodes
too.
He played Dracula, that was cool.
Like a black and white Dracula was really cool.
He could have been a character in Dark Stalkers.
But he's such a great guy, really fun to talk to, and geeked it up with us this morning,
so it was really cool.
Awesome.
But read Devil Inside, seriously, it's good.
Like anyone could get into this, it's so good.
Well, the side project I had, we didn't have anyone from Hollywood on our show this week,
we did have a pretty exciting guest.
If you like the World of Warcraft, check out Horde House, we're the best little Horde House
in Azeroth.
Now with a website, HordeHouse.com, finally, we have an official website for the show.
So if you like World of Warcraft, myself and Extfer talking about it.
And this week, we did have a celebrity of sorts, a podcast celebrity, the lovely Michelle
Madison from Video Game Outsiders, and Warcraft Outsiders, also here on the All Games Network,
joined us.
And Warcraft Outsiders has been on hiatus for a couple months, so I think it was good.
Michelle got to kind of get her Warcraft fix on with Extfer and I, and I was really worried
that Extfer was gonna make one too many dick jokes, but Michelle had a good time, she really
played along with it.
And Michelle had a book come out, and congrats to her.
You may not know this, but she does the whole, her and her sister are behind the Damn You
autocorrect.
That is them.
And they've had a lot of success with that and just had a book come out.
So please support Michelle and buy that book.
I think that's great.
And other great podcasts on the All Games Network.
Again, HordeHouse.com, even if you don't like WoW, apparently, I had my buddy Brad from
Pod Culture said, I don't even really, you know, I haven't gotten into WoW, but your
show was, you know, still pretty good.
And it got me to get a trial account.
Sucker.
Addict.
No.
All right, anyhow, let's move on with some rapid fire news.
Loki, what else is going on in the news this week?
You know, actually, I was reading GameStop was, I think, handing out free trial discs
for a while.
That's kind of neat.
Anyways, so actual rapid fire news, though.
Some pretty cool stuff.
Starting off with, we talked about all the delays for Motorstar Apocalypse.
Well, at least one of those delays is coming to an end, and that would be in the UK, where
it's gotten a release date, March 31st, so you won't have to wait very long, actually,
to play the game.
And you know, if you really die in the play of the game, and you're not in the UK, it
is region free, so import away.
But let me really just give it a couple more weeks, it'll be out.
But it is really awesome, so you should really pick it up.
Some annoying game is expanding, and that annoying game would be Farmville.
They're having an English countryside expansion.
I guess it's for players level 20 and above, I guess if you log into the game, you will
be greeted, I guess, by a crash landing zeppelin, and it'll begin the game's, they're calling
it the British Invasion, and you have to help the stranded Englishman repair his ship, and
he invites the players back to his homeland, where you can, you know, create farms there.
Wait, wait, do you hear that?
Wait, do you hear it?
Oh, yep, that would be the sound of no one caring.
Farmville news, Loki, what did you expect me to say?
My mother cares.
And finally, after a short hiatus, Final Fantasy XI and XIV have their servers back online.
Unfortunately, during the downtime, XIV has still not been fixed, so it is still in beta.
It might as well, you might as well have left it offline, because it would have been doing
people more of a favor than actually them playing the game.
You're terrible, but accurate.
So apparently, this is to keep power use down, because they were, you know, taking them offline
to conserve power in Japan.
They have decided to shut down their air conditioning, which is 8% of their power usage, and also
by reducing lighting in their offices to achieve an overall 10% in energy usage reductions.
Square Enix is cooking in the dark for the benefit of you all to bring the servers back
online.
Well, I think it's a little chilly over there right now.
No, I know.
But with all the server computers, it's got to be a little warm where they're at.
It might be a little warm.
Crack a window.
All right, moving on to other MMOs.
This is a free one online that's pretty popular.
Dungeon Fighter Online was announced that it is coming out for Xbox Live Arcade later
this year.
I've never checked out Dungeon Fighter Online, it's a free-to-play 2D action PC MMO, and
it kind of looks to me like, I don't know, looks like an old school SNES type of little
game.
So obviously, it's graphic style.
I've really drawn in a lot of users, 2.2 million concurrent users, meaning at the same time.
So that's pretty awesome.
It is coming out for Xbox Live later in the year.
It will be published by Microsoft Game Studios.
Now, it's a free-to-play MMO online.
They sell items and other little enhancements for premium fees.
Here's the deal.
The Xbox Live Arcade one, it won't be free-to-play.
It's actually going to cost money.
And this is the other weird thing.
It might not really be an MMO either, because they came out and said, and this is from a
Microsoft representative, it's not a freemium MMORPG.
It's with online multiplayer features.
So I don't know.
Set the expectation bar a little low, but I don't know.
It could translate pretty decently to Xbox Live Arcade.
We'll see.
If you've been following the Back to the Future games from Telltale, you'll probably be looking
forward to the third episode of the series.
And you can look forward to one of the voice actresses they've confirmed for it.
Claudia Wells will be reprising her role as Jennifer.
So pretty cool.
Now, she was the original actress, I believe, in the sequels Elizabeth Shue took over the
role.
And the original Jennifer is back for the Back to the Future games.
That's pretty cool.
They've gotten a lot of the original voice actors.
And one more story for you guys.
The NPD put out a press release this week.
Do you know what the highest grossing game was of this generation?
Imagine Babies.
No, it was not Imagine Babies, but I'm sure people think, oh, maybe it was Wii Play or
maybe it was Call of Duty.
Those games sell like crazy.
Actually, apparently the best gross revenue game.
We're not talking games that like sold the most number of units, but we're talking about
what actually made the most money.
Guitar Hero 3 Legends of Rock was the most money making game of the past generation.
And they're canceling the series?
Kind of ironic in that regard, but let's face it, three was the peak.
It went really downhill fast from there.
So you know, that was three came out concurrently with Rock Band, which by the way, was number
five on the list.
Isn't three the Guitar Hero that had like a million different skews of different combinations
of guitars and not guitar and I don't know.
Yeah, but it got worse with the fourth one when we threw in the drums and the vocals.
That's when it got really bad.
No, that one.
The band hero.
The three was just guitar, not guitar.
It wasn't, it was just as like any of the other Guitar Hero games, well, prior to that,
any of the other Guitar Hero games.
That's when they got to, you know, well, actually even the world tour wasn't too bad because
it was just, you know, like Rock Band.
It was game, guitar game, band.
Guitar Hero 3 is the one that the arcade is based off of too.
I noticed that when I was playing the machine.
I had to give it at least one go when I was at Roseville Golf Line this week, so.
Probably not worth it.
No, it really wasn't because I failed the song, which pissed me off because the guitar
was broken and one of the buttons didn't work right.
Uh, that's, that's terrible.
What a surprise!
Hey, it's not Roseville Golf Land if it's not broken.
Alright.
Less bitching about local arcades and more gaming news.
Dark Sakura.
Well, we have some virtual console information that should make a lot of people happy.
Chrono Trigger is actually going to be coming out on the virtual console in Japan.
That will have a 900 point price tag.
It's one of my favorite RPGs.
I've actually gotten original of this too.
Something about when the European or American version is going to come out though, but it
is coming out in Japan, so we should see it soon.
And hopefully where Japan goes, we will follow.
Precisely.
And then there's more download content for Rock Band 3.
There is the Days of Peace pack, which actually I think I would get.
It's got Jefferson Airplane's Somebody to Love, which is one of my favorite songs.
Blood, Sweat, and Tears, Spinning Wheel, and Santana.
Don't you want somebody to love?
And Santana's Black Magic Woman.
Imagine playing some Santana in the guitar mode.
Imagine that in pro.
Wouldn't that be crazy?
And then Dragon Force through the Fire and the Flames, and Operation Ground and Pound.
So for anyone who wants to get their speed metal on, there you go.
Kind of ironic, we just had a story about Guitar Hero, because that was one of the most
memorable songs from that series.
But Rock Band is awesome.
And from 3, I think.
Wasn't it?
I think so.
At any rate, we are looking at 200 Wii points for the standard Rock packs, 160 points.
And the Days of Peace pack will actually be 550 Wii points, or 440 Microsoft points.
And then through the Fire and the Flames and Black Magic Woman both do have pro guitar
and pro bass mode.
And those are going to be an extra 100 Wii points, or 80 Microsoft points.
And last but never least, we have Evil Ryu for Super Street Fighter 4 Arcade Edition.
And he's on fire.
He's burning up, and he's got some bad red eye problems, so he's going to need some Visine.
He's burning for you.
And the profile is actually up on the official Japanese website.
So definitely, it's Evil Ryu and Oni who are the unlockable characters, but now they're
officially there.
And the profile is there.
And I will post that into the chatroom.
So what exactly is Evil Ryu do that...
Well, technically...
Evil things?
Technically...
He kicks puppies.
He's Satsui no Hadou Ryu.
Because I guess Akuma is always like, give in to your fighting spirit.
Okay.
Join the dark side.
That's what Evil Ryu is.
If you look at his art, he actually looks just like Goku.
I mean, he's wearing the black gi with the kanji on the back, and it's all torn, and
he's got the same face and the red spiky hair.
Who's Oni?
Is that like Evil Evil Goku?
I think that would be, yeah, like Uber Goku.
It's Eviler!
Give in to your Evil Evil.
There's voice samples on there too.
Dude, his voice sounds pretty sick.
Alright.
I'm gonna post this in the chatroom.
Fun little soundboard to play with there.
Let's go to the Twitter!
Twitter dot com slash o-l-r, and every week we like to read your tweets.
Tweet tweet.
Twitter dot com slash o-l-r, let's look at some tweets.
Some interesting tweets from 13X Forever sent us a link to some YouTubes, which apparently
are YouTubes of the game Warcraft Adventures Lord of the Clans.
Now before you go thinking this is a topic better suited for Horde House, apparently
what this game was, it was in development by Blizzard Entertainment, it was a point
and click adventure computer game, it was supposed to be kind of a darker comedy game.
It was supposed to be I think after Warcraft 2, it was gonna be fourth quarter 97, so that
would have been a little bit before Starcraft, kind of in that era, so this was like an old
game.
But randomly these YouTubes went up that we got linked to, so I'm just kind of taking
a quick peek at how this played out.
So this would have been like the era when people were still playing King's Quest and
those types of games.
Oh the art in this looks pretty cool.
Looks more SCUMM engine, but yeah it's within the SCUMM engine, LucasArts, King's Quest
vein, that style of gameplay.
Actually the way it's animated kind of looks like the CDI to me, kind of that really like,
really like very jerky motion cell animation stuff.
It's very interesting how Blizzard develops a lot of these games that just gets freaking
cancelled, you know what I mean?
Oh there's a trailer here for this game actually, let me click on this and take a look at this
real quick if it'll load.
This is an old school trailer from like 97, let me just take a peek at this, what could
have been, but is not.
Let's see, pass the logo, come on people.
Three great wars between the human alliance and the orcish invaders have laid waste to
the once proud realms of Azeroth.
See this looks kind of rad, but it's very different from Azeroth, this has been a whole
new era.
I believe all of the lore that was going to be put out in that game was then split off
into the novels, so if you're a lore nerd like I am, read the books and you'll get all
the story from that game.
Alright, Dark Tetsuya sends us a link, greetings true believers, I got your first Wondercon
scoop right here about a new Spiderman game in the works.
Dark Tetsuya very excited because he's going to Wondercon and promises to bring back lots
of stories for OLR, but I guess there is a new Spiderman game that's supposed to be shown
at Wondercon, yeah that's what they're saying, Saturday April 2nd will be the Activision
Spiderman panel and I guess this is when they're going to announce what their new Spiderman
game is, check that out.
Henderson Man tweets us at twitter.com slash OLR, how do you think the iPhone has hurt
sales of 3DS?
I was the only one who made it Walmart at midnight last night and bought one.
The guy told me I was the only one who even asked, should Nintendo be worried?
I would say no, mostly because it's still early and there hasn't been a lot of like,
there haven't been commercials, they went on Jimmy Fallon, but that doesn't really count.
There's been a few commercials, but here's the thing though, unless you're really gung
ho about getting stuff day one, there's not a lot of launch games that are really kind
of like, ooh I gotta have that.
There's a few, but a lot of them aren't very good and there's a lot of blogs covering all
that stuff and saying hey, you may be tempted to buy Nintendogs but don't.
It's basically Nintendogs as it was before with a few gimmicks thrown on top and yes,
as a person that had the Japanese Nintendogs, I would not buy that again.
And one more tweet for us from Tigerclaw on twitter, 305, Tigerclaw305 says this tweet
about Mortal Kombat download characters, I guess those were announced just recently.
I'm actually very excited, one of my favorite characters from the series who came out later
in the mythos is announced as one of the first download content, Kenshi, that was the blindfolded,
he's the blind ninja guy, is going to be one of the download characters, and a character
called Scarlet.
Scarlet was more of a, this character didn't really exist, she's kind of in that Ermac
thing where there really wasn't a character named Scarlet, but I guess what happened is
that sometimes the game would glitch out and create a red version of Katana or Mileena
and she was referred to as Scarlet by the arcade going folk and so now they have actually
made Scarlet a character and she's going to be a downloadable character, so kind of funny
that they're doing that.
I mean that's kind of where Jade comes from too, I mean Jade was a legitimate hidden character
but she was just a palette swap for green and had both Katana and Mileena's moves and
now she's a whole, they gave her a big bar thing that she used as a weapon, kind of made
her flesh her out as an actual character, so good stuff coming to the Mortal Kombat
game that is out next month.
I'm waiting for the announcement of Mortal Kombat vs Sanrio, that's the license that
I'll play.
Kitty-ality.
Yeah.
Bad Batsumaru.
I would think Cutality.
Huh?
Cutality.
Friendship?
Friendship?
Alright, let's move on with some more gaming news, sorry to make you put down the 3DS lowkey
but.
It's alright.
So this is kind of neat, Resident Evil 4, they're doing a HD remake of, well both Resident
Evil 4 and Code Veronica, and they're coming over here as some download content, well not
really, download games on PlayStation Network and on Xbox Live Arcade.
No word if they're going to add any additional content on top of just the, you know, souped
up visuals, but people love their Resident Evil 4, and I know even the Wii version with
just the little extra controls with the Wii remote and stuff was pretty popular, so I
could see this doing pretty well.
And you know, it's kind of the whole HD remake thing is really even popular lately, so not
surprised to see it happen.
Alright.
Wasn't there something about another Resident Evil game?
Yeah, there is a new one that's actually being, you know, talked about as well, they revealed
it in the official Xbox Magazine, it's not really, they haven't really said where it's,
what's going to take place, they are saying that you can change the history of Resident
Evil, and I guess it's titled Operation Raccoon City.
So it's interesting, I guess it's being developed by Slant6, who used to do SOCOM.
Hmm.
I don't know, it sounds interesting, not really a series I follow too well, I don't know.
I'm sure E3 is going to bring lots more clarity to all of this.
I'm definitely sure that it'll happen.
Alright, well let's talk about what will not happen, and apparently if rumors are to be
believed, Bonk and Bomberman, those ports on the 3DS, not happening, and a lot of that
has to do with what's been going down at Hudson Entertainment, of course they closed a big
office of theirs not that long ago after the whole Konami takeover.
Remember this way, I've played the Bonk game, it was terrible.
On the 3DS?
No, on the 3DS, on the Xbox Live Arcade.
Oh yeah, well there was supposed to be one on the 3DS, and Bomberman, which would have
been really cool, especially with the whole internet stuff, but apparently it is not going
to happen.
Now, take this with a grain of salt, because apparently some folks are saying, no no no,
that's not true, but those are the rumors going around right now.
Apparently Konami went out and told Wired that the announcement didn't come from us,
so it's not true.
We have not distributed any official list of Hudson products yet.
Now the original report came from Famitsu, who is supposedly pretty reputable with all
this stuff, I mean they are like the huge gaming thing in Japan, so there's a little
bit of controversy going on.
I would assume that maybe these games have been retooled or moved, new development house,
either way, you're not seeing them anytime soon.
I would assume if these licenses are being held onto, which I don't see why Bomberman
wouldn't happen, Bonk, a little trickier, but Bomberman's got to happen at some point,
it's probably just not going to happen as soon as you'd like.
We'll see though.
Well, in other news, and this has to do with Konami, there are, he said, let me start over,
Hideo Kojima said that there are going to be more than one game announced at E3.
So the speculation is maybe Metal Gear Solid 5, maybe another Zone of the Enders, could
be anything.
Would it be cool if there was another Snatcher?
No.
Hey, you never know.
Never know.
So, anything could happen.
What would you like to see?
Everybody likes to start rumors around E3 time.
What would I like to see?
I think a new Zone of the Enders would actually be pretty cool.
From Kojima anyways?
Probably that.
The Zone of the Enders was pretty epic.
I would be down with maybe like a Metal, I don't know, I want to see something new come
out of the whole Metal Gear stuff that's maybe not necessarily Metal Gear Solid.
Or Acid.
It's kind of something just out of that whole mythos.
I think there's something new to be made there, especially with 3DS.
And I think, didn't we already know there's a Metal Gear game coming on 3DS?
I think that's inevitable.
You're going to see that at E3 this year, it's whatever.
And that'll probably be the big push from Konami at their booth this year is probably
whatever Metal Gear game is in development.
We're almost starting to see, and you know there's a new Silent Hill game, you're kind
of starting to get a sense of what games you're seeing at E3 this year.
But there'll be some surprises.
I wonder what Silent Hill would be like in Kojima's hands.
Alright.
Could you imagine that?
I thought he was supposedly like ghost contributing to one of them or something was happening
there with that.
I don't remember.
Alright.
Let's move on with some more news, Loki.
Ah yes.
This is kind of neat.
I don't know why people put out this kind of stuff really.
It's always like, you'll see these games based off of Columbine or really offensive stuff.
Well they've, ModDB, it's a website hosting different mods for games like Half Life 2
and whatnot.
They removed a game called, or I should say a mod called School Shooter.
It's basically, yeah School Shooter, North American Tour, 2012.
Oh my god.
Now who would find that offensive?
I don't understand, that doesn't make any sense to me.
But apparently I guess the mod allowed players to explore a school-like environment in first
person and had the option of attacking various unarmed NPCs.
Yeah.
I can't imagine why they would remove something so harmless.
I know, right?
Why would someone even make that?
Just knowing what, I mean, well I know why someone would make that.
Someone made that to basically troll, because they could, right?
I mean that's why you make this.
To say like, heh heh heh, look what I made, it's really controversial and I shouldn't
be making a game like this but I did.
Yes, apparently I guess they're saying, ModDB was, they posted a short statement about why
they pulled the code saying that although it feels that people should have the right
to be creative and share what they want on a community slash developer-run site, the
confusion and hate surrounding the project led to the removal.
And apparently they do have a video of it posted on YouTube as well and it says, I guess
they have the boring effect that someone took from that bullet storm duty calls viral game
thing that they put in there.
I don't know, it's just, it's tacky.
Really?
That's all you need is for this to actually come out and then someone to do a school shooter.
Only a matter of time.
Then they'll be like, oh, oh, see, see, they're playing school shooter, oh my god.
How long do you think before it shows up on Fox News and they report it as new video game
school shooter by Valve.
Yeah, not only do they get the mod ban but they also get Half Life 2 banned and that's
when I just, you know, the earrings are coming off and.
And the game turned you gay.
It turned you gay, so very gay.
Alright enough about that, silly mods, although I have to admit I probably would play it once
just to be disgusted by it because I'm a glutton for punishment, alright.
It's probably dumb, I mean, it's probably a terrible, terrible game.
There was a very interesting competition that took place recently, it was the Kong Off is
what this was called, some photos have gone up from the event which was just held recently,
it was held in New Jersey at Richie Knuckles Arcade Games.
What was so special about the Kong Off?
Well, god, it's the story that won't go away about the high score for Donkey Kong.
And you now have three people battling for it.
There's Steve Weeby and Billy Mitchell who are profiled in that movie, The King of Kong.
And then out of nowhere comes Hank Chien who, as we reported last week, is going to have
his own movie now coming out.
All this stuff.
All of them were in the same building at this Kong Off, so that's pretty cool.
So who ended up winning?
Hank Chien ended up winning the Kong Off.
And second place, Steve Weeby.
Seventh place, Billy Mitchell, out of ten.
I would have loved to see the look on his face.
But you are talking about ten like godly Donkey Kong players and it's so funny how this game
is how old and it's still generating all this controversy.
I wonder if the guy, I think he like, beat the top scorer of Missile Command and he plays
with his feet.
Mhm.
Seriously.
Is that Captain Awesome?
They watched him and he was on there in King of Kong sitting on a stool playing with his
feet.
That's awesome.
SX in our chatroom says Kong Off sounds like nasty slash fiction from DK Country.
No, no, it's nothing like that.
But there are some pictures on Flickr and you can just kind of see all these dudes playing
their Donkey Kong.
I like how one guy has headphones as he plays.
Stop it, Loki.
Stop it.
Actually, I do, you know, give credit to these guys.
I mean, all these machines look like they are in impeccable condition.
They've made these like special flyers that say the Kong Off.
I mean, these dudes like love Donkey Kong.
I mean, it's pretty amazing the amount of work that they've put into this.
I have to give kudos for that.
I mean, if you're going to go in, go all in, right, on this classic stuff.
So there's, there's big love for Kong.
All right.
There's also big love for a segment we do here on Orange Lounge Radio called List List.
Now, we haven't done a list list in a little while, it's been a few months, so let me recap
how list list works.
We are about to make the definitive list about a certain topic and it's a scientific process
and once we've made up the list, it's done.
There's no arguing.
It is, it is done.
This is the list, okay?
And the way it works is that we're going to go around the room and Dark Sakura, myself,
Loki and tonight's guest Salacious Pop, we're all going to pick three things that we think
should go on the list around the topic.
Then we go to the elimination round and each take one item off the list.
So that will leave us with a list of eight items that the chat room will then vote on.
Their number two and their number one picks.
So if you want to vote and have a say in the definitive list, chat.orangeloungeradio.com.
So I know you are dying to know the topic and I teased on Bobby's show it had to do
with the 3DS launch, so here it is.
The list list tonight, fictional 3DS launch title that would have made the system an instant
buy.
I really have to credit Salacious Pop for coming up with this one, but it's great because,
you know, the 3DS launched today and one of the things people have been criticizing is
it's kind of lackluster launch title.
Launch titles.
So folks are saying maybe there's some games you should wait for.
Well tonight we're going to come up with a definitive list of what fictional 3DS launch
titles would have made the system an instant buy.
All right, here we go to list list.
And now you guys in the chat room, you should go ahead and throw out your suggestions for
the list because if one of us ends up with a duplicate answer or something, we usually
turn to chat to help us kind of round up, round out the list.
So who wants to start tonight?
I guess we'll go with Dark Sakura.
Dark Sakura, you want to start us off tonight?
What is the number three item on your list?
It's not a game.
It's an item.
That's fine.
It's a launch title.
Doesn't mean launch game.
A lenticular photo printer.
And what would be, what would the lenticular photo printer do?
It would print up your images in 3D.
Well, with the illusion of three dimensions.
So like, kind of like the old school Game Boy printer, but now in 3D?
Yeah.
Okay.
So it would print one layer, print a second layer.
It'd be huge probably, but I'd still think it would be neat to have something like that.
I would need a lot of paper for the 3D pictures of my Wang that I would take.
Slaces Pop, stop rolling your eyes and give us your number three answer.
The launch title that would have made you buy a system right now.
Samus Aran's Motorboat and Bikini Blaster.
I'd buy that.
And how exactly would Samus Aran's Motorboat and Bikini Blaster work?
Jubble physics in 3D and you shoot aliens and you get, you get, you get grease from
your nose on the touch screen because you're getting all up in there.
You can power up maybe by making that noise into the 3DS microphone.
Brings a whole new meaning to screw attack.
All right.
I guess I'll go next.
The number three thing that launch title that would have made me get a 3DS right today,
first thing, um, how about F-Zero 3DS?
I'm going to go a little serious here.
Where's my fucking new F-Zero game?
F-Zero 3DS.
Loki, what's your number three answer?
Well, this is a more of a serious route.
I swear that this is in development because I, I thought I saw some sort of screenshots
or something like this, but, uh, Excite Truck 3DS would absolutely get me to buy the system.
Excite Truck is awesome, not that this is Excite Bots bullshit though, Excite Truck.
Excite Truck.
Hell, you don't even have to do anything different, put the same damn tracks in there, same trucks,
everything.
Although I would like it if you did something, but you know, if you don't have to, then fine.
So far, Lenticular Photo Printer, Samus Aran's Motorboat and Bikini Blaster, F-Zero 3DS and
Excite Truck 3DS.
Dark Sakura, what's your number two?
Planet Harrier.
I love this game, I have only gotten to play it a few times, there's been no home version
released.
Don't you think it would be about time for it to, you know, something like that to come
on 3DS?
You know, it's, it's like Space Harrier, only you can play as a nurse with a giant syringe.
I can see a lot of those, like, old school, like, Sega shooters and I think of 3D World
Runner, like, for the NES.
But those, this sort of first person, not kind of first person, but those, those perspective
games would be perfect for that type of screen.
So, I'm with you.
My vote is Planet Harriers.
All right.
Slasius Pop, your number two pick for launch title that would have made you buy a DS today.
Zelda 8-Bit 3DS, Migraine and Vertigo Edition.
What exactly is Zelda 8-Bit 3DS, I'm with you to that point, but then Migraine and Vertigo
Edition?
Just the, you know, you stare at it too long, the way they do the, they do different frames
to make the 3D, they make it so that it just intentionally makes you nauseous and you have
to lay down.
Is it kind of like, it's not like the brown note, but it's kind of like the migraine image
or something.
They have that already.
It's called, um, Ridge Racer.
All right.
Uh, game I would most want to see on the 3DS that would get me to buy a 3DS today.
I'm going to say, Breasts 3D.
All it would be, would be pictures of breasts in 3D.
And I am completely secure in my homosexuality saying that, cause who doesn't love boobs,
gay or straight or whatever you are.
Does the 3DS have a thing like the iPhone where if you tilt it, it has a little bead
that it can tell, so you can shake, you can shake it.
It would be like that Android game where you just spank the ass over and over again is
that you could just, you could, you know, you could motorboat the boobs if you want,
but it's not, it's not just restricted to Samus Aran.
Like I'm with you on the Samus Aran motorboat and bikini blaster, but I want to see just,
just boobs.
Little boobs, big boobs, lopsided boobs, boobs, fake boobs, real boobs, more boobs.
You can load up a picture and then when you're on the subway, you can kind of hold it up
to a person.
Yeah.
That would be a perfect mode.
It would actually use the whole like, uh, what is that, the, the, the camera on the
backside for those like, uh, virtual reality type simulations.
And like, if I, if I point the camera at Jamie just suddenly like random boobs will show
up.
She's frowning.
She's making a frowny face.
Anything in that game would not be as fabulous as the real thing, thank you.
My boobs are epic.
All right, Loki, your number two pick launch title for the 3DS that would have made you
buy one today.
Uh, just what you said made me forget.
Um, it is, oh yes, of course.
Earth Defense Force 2017 on the 3DS.
That would be so amazing.
I can take Earth Defense Force with me since the PSP version is not yet announced.
Come over here.
All right.
Earth Defense Force 2017 3DS going into the number ones.
We have lenticular photo printer, Samus Aran's motorboat and bikini blaster, F zero 3DS excite
truck 3DS planet Harrier, Zelda eight bit 3DS migraine and vertigo edition breasts 3D
and Earth Defense Force 2017 3DS.
Let's get into the number one.
This is, you just fucking need it.
Dark Sakura, the new guardian legend, duh.
It's my list.
The new guardian legend in 3D in 3D because we're going to be at guardic and he had guardia.
So I guess the Japanese name of this would be shin guardia.
I don't care what the fuck they call it.
Just put it out already.
I know, right?
Damn it.
Nintendo or compile.
I realize compile needs to reform somehow, but just, just do it reform and put out.
All right.
Thank you.
Please put out XOXO slashes, pop number one.
You need it.
You need it now.
I'm 3DS.
Rebecca Black's preteen convertible off-road racer.
And how exactly would Rebecca Black's preteen convertible off-road racer work?
Fun, fun, fun, fun, fun, fun, fun.
And it has a built-in calendar days of the week.
Did I break Rob?
Is he upset?
No, I'm just regretting some things.
All right.
I'm kidding.
All right.
Let's move on.
Number one answer from me, the 3DS game we most need to see.
What did they call that?
The, the virtual reality.
I'm calling it wrong.
What's it, what's it really supposed to be called the like the face blaster.
What is that?
The augmented reality.
Thank you.
Augmented reality.
It's an augmented reality game for you.
And I'm going to throw it back to an old school list list.
Augmented reality, Golf Land birthday party sniper 3DS.
That's right.
You can go to Golf Land and just, you know, then suddenly the little kids there celebrating
their birthdays turn into cartoons that you shoot with tranquilizer darts.
You know, it's Golf Land birthday party sniper 3DS.
All right, Loki, number one game you most need to see on the 3DS, uh, an actual innovative
game from Nintendo, you know, something that perhaps is not, you know, funny, I don't think
this is actually a launch title, but just, just, just a description, an actual innovative
game from Nintendo, you know, like something that's maybe not a rehash of something that
they put out.
You know, like for example, Animal Crossing, it's been the same for a while now and, you
know, uh, even some of the other, like, you know, they're doing 64 Nintendo 64 games.
They're just, Oh, now they're in 3D.
I mean, come on innovation here.
This might be too much of a tangent, but when was Nintendo's last truly original IP?
Like new, just because it's all the mascots that we...
Wii Music.
No, Wii Fit.
I would say Wii Fit.
But that's not...
We have anything iconic though, like a Mario or a Kirby.
Wii Sports.
What about WooHoo Island?
So basically we're getting Kirby's Crochet Carnival is what you're saying.
Actually, no, I do have a name for my innovative game, WooHoo Island Zombie Deathmatch.
You want to change your answer to WooHoo Island Zombie Deathmatch?
Yes.
All right.
So an actual innovative game from Nintendo is now WooHoo Island Zombie Deathmatch.
Yes.
Wouldn't that just be Dead Island?
It might be, but Dead Island was not announced for the Wii, so Nintendo has to fill that
void.
All right.
WooHoo Island Zombie Deathmatch.
All right, here we go.
Here's the list as it stands right now.
Lenticular Photo Printer, Samus Aran's Motorboat and Bikini Blaster, F-Zero 3DS, Excite Trek
3DS, Planet Harrier, Zelda 8-Bit 3DS Migraine and Vertigo Edition, Brest 3D, Earth Defense
Force 2017 3DS, The New Guardian Legend, Rebecca Black's Preteen Convertible Off-Road Racer,
Golf Land Birthday Party Sniper 3DS, and WooHoo Island Zombie Deathmatch.
Pretty soon we're going to go around and see which of these is not worthy of the list.
We're going to start with Dark Sakura, but for now let me read some of the suggestions
you guys had in the chat room.
Akdev suggested Furi vs. Cosplayers 3DS, SHA100Matt suggested IHOP Restaurant Fighter 3DS, Tiger
Claw said DDR 3DS, IHOP Restaurant Fighter, now would that be the actual restaurants fighting
because that could be very cool.
No, actually in my mind it's Denny's, like go on YouTube and Google Denny's Fight Oakland,
it's great.
The one where they're all in the Halloween costumes, amazing.
SHA100Matt says Killer Instincts 3DS, Ray Deer in chat says Rob's Ass 3DS, hey, let's
see, AkumaJP says 3D Cat Ball, you know I had President Cat 3DS as a replacement answer,
SJ100Matt says Match Game 3DS, DJBlazekin says Space Channel 5 3D, SJ100Matt says Betty
White Simulator 3DS, what, you'd just be badass the whole time, is that what that is?
Akdev says Pokemon Snap 3DS with AR Technology, I am surprised, that sounds like an announcement
to you Furi right there.
And Dark Tetsuya said Gals Panic 3D, alright, those were the runners up but let's get back
to the list, unfortunately it's just the way the game works, these are all amazing answers
but unfortunately the way the game works, things have to go, it's part of the process.
So Dark Sakura we'll start with you, which of these is not worthy of the list?
First of all you need an apostrophe in blacks, I would say the Zelda 8-bit DS Migrated Vertigo
Edition because I have a Virtual Boy, and the game's pretty much already out as Ridge
Racer.
Alright, sorry Alan it has been stricken from the list.
Salacious Pop your chance for revenge or you could go for something else, which of these
items is not worthy of the list?
The Golf Land birthday party.
Oh you're killing me, why are you taking that off the list?
Well there's serious answers and there's my smart ass answers and I can't take down one
of mine so.
Alright there you go, it is removed from the list much to the sadness of the chat room.
My turn to strike one from the list, I'm sorry to do this but Loki, WooHoo Island Zombie
Deathmatch was a better answer before you changed it, alright, alright so Loki, which
of these is not worthy of the list?
Lenticular Photo Printer, I mean having taken some of the photos are not that impressive
and would not want to print them out.
Alright so maybe, it's just too soon for the Lenticular Photo Printer.
We have a balanced list.
Yeah I was going to say everybody took some, everybody lost one so it's very rare that
that happens, usually someone gets picked on.
So here you go, here is what you guys in the chat can vote on, I'm going to read this list
one more time.
You're going to private message me your number one and your number two answers, you gotta
message me those.
You need to mark them as number one or number two or I will assume that the one you name
first is your number one and the one you name second is your number two.
By the way you're getting boos in the chat room for taking off Golf Land first season.
What's your handle in chat this week?
It's Skye.
Okay got it back.
Alright yes I got it back.
So send a private message to Skye with your number one and number two votes.
Here is the list that you can vote on right now.
Samus Aran's Motorboat and Bikini Blaster, F-Zero 3DS, Excite Truck 3DS, Planet Harrier,
Brest 3D, Earth Defense Force 2017 3DS, The New Guardian Legend, and Rebecca Black's pre-teen
convertible off-road racer.
I can't believe that made it through.
Alright I would play that.
I would play as the girl in the braces.
It probably would be, yeah I would play as the girl in the pink who plays the accordion.
Alright so yeah that's going to do it.
Let's get those number one and number two votes in right now.
Place your votes and we will get to the results right before we get to the phone calls.
For now though we've got some other things to get to and one of those is the mailbag.
Every week you guys send us emails.
Mailbag at OrangeLoungeRadio.com.
Again that's Mailbag at OrangeLoungeRadio.com.
It was looking really thin this morning so I put a call out on Twitter.
Did it work?
Did we get some emails?
We have two.
That's better than zero.
Alright.
But not better than F-Zero.
F-Zero is awesome.
This first one comes from RaBaba.
I'm surprised the Twitter isn't a Twitter and the net a buzz about Kaspersky ads on
American TV.
If you've ever seen them it starts with a pair of home users or a small business manager
talking about the things they use their PCs for.
Then it goes into all the threats that are out there.
Both ads I've seen call all PC gamers something like wargaming druggie hacker losers.
It implies that if you play MMOs you're automatically a threat to PC security.
I find this offensive not to the point of emotionally offended but the overly negative
stereotype that is also completely wrong.
New Zealand gets Jackie Chan ads.
No fair RaBaba.
Agreed.
And last email.
Oh no punctuation.
Yay your favorite.
And also I think how it's funny that the person wrote Loki as L-O-W-K-E-Y.
That sounds like what auto correct would do.
I know.
Yesterday was great especially the second round of laser tag at Family Fun Center Omaha.
It was the last 10 to 30 seconds I was on the high rise and these three little kids
just stopped in front of me and did nothing as I picked them off a one by one in 1.5 seconds
enacting a triple kill.
It was the last 10 seconds and I sniped four going down the ramp most of them being from
preschool to fourth grade fun times punctuate the sad parts of my experience was when I
went down there was no BeatMania 2DX.
I know what 2DX is person and Para Para second mix game would be and there was it was nowhere
to be found.
I saw that they sold it in their place was a theta screen Daytona USA in a four player
Mario Kart I shouted in my head WTF first keyboard mania then pop music now Para Para
then guitar freaks now BeatMania fuck you.
That's my translation of the all caps.
This now leaves the once favorable place to go in Omaha for my Bimani fix into a desolate
wasteland of redemption games and not much left to play for the music game fans to play
except drum mania V3 DDR Max 2 6th mix oh 6th mix and dance dance revolution 5th mix
and in the group too.
If only they just updated the games to their newer versions and bring in some new ones
like DJ Max Technica and G beat and dare I say it gulp pump it up pro maybe then maybe
they might be able to get back the title of one of the top music arcades in North America.
Peace out DJ Blaze kid PS if only Omaha had an arcade like AI then I wouldn't be forced
to buy an import just to play all the good music games.
There isn't an arcade like AI anymore I hate to say it.
It was AI an AI RIP yeah all right if you want to send us an email mailbag at orange
lounge radio dot com I put the last call out for listless votes so hopefully we're gonna
tally those up but not before we do some angst grr argh angst time.
FUs of the week time well you know I had one earlier and I think I just lost my momentum
so I'm gonna say I feed a gluten and meat neither of them agree with me no matter how
tasty both bread and dead animal flesh is so I'm telling them goodbye for a while goodbye
I will sort of miss you but my stomach won't done Loki F you the people have turned too
damn slow in their cars there's some people that for some reason they need to slow down
the one mile per hour to make a turn into a driveway of a plaza it doesn't even have
a curb or anything it's just I don't understand it I mean I can make turns a lot faster than
that and it just bogs my mind why they go so damn slow or when they're merging lanes
I love these people they're just like oh I'm gonna cut in and out lanes I have my turn
right turn signal on but I'm just gonna assume that one turn signal on means I can go any
way I want so fuck you the bad drivers um my fu the whoop not ready for that song yet
uh my fu of the week actually I've had a lot of exciting stuff going on lately I can't
complain too much but I will complain about the reroute canal I had on Thursday oh my
god that was so terrible um yeah that was bad and my tooth still kind of hurts a little
bit so fu to pain even though at least I would like to give props to myself for not putting
it off anymore and actually getting it taken care of so I'm pretty great so fu to pain
place to pop it's not really that angsty I guess but just fu to having only two weeks
to do something that you thought maybe you'd have four weeks to do but it's still a good
thing so nothing like getting a fire lit under your booty to get you motivated all right
all right that does it for the fus of the week let's do a couple more news stories and
then we will reveal tonight's list list definitive list and we will get to the skype line in
just a little bit but for now a couple quick stories loki yeah um as we've kind of mentioned
before that the hd remix are kind of a uh a remix of different games are kind of popular
nowadays and ubisoft is jumping on board that trend um they actually have a few games coming
out uh the first course the splinter cell uh classic trilogy that's coming out june
21st now and uh will feature three games in that series also the prince of persia hd trilogy
so push back a little bit to april 19th and that would feature the uh my birthday the three
games in the um sands of time series so um it's neat i guess um i think the i want to
say that the uh games at least the prince of persia ones are already on the playstation
network they're 15 a piece so if you buy them retail you're saving five bucks um apparently
also the uh splinter cell games are going to be available on the playstation network
as well i'm assuming for probably around the same price 15 bucks each 40 for the compilation
of you wait and you should because really those games have been out already so yeah
save five bucks all right well would you like to be able to play more games on the mac well
maybe you can get a thing called boxer uh this isn't like boxers versus briefs or anything
this is actually a boxer it's a dos box for the mac that's right i did a little joke there
this will allow you to play old pc games on the mac but you know what all joking aside
this is pretty cool uh dos box of course was a old emulator that will make uh playing games
from the 80s and 90s actually doable on the modern machines boxer is kind of this redone
for apple computers uh the mac series of course and uh what i like about it is they've kind
of ripped off the interface of iBooks a little bit like you can see xcom in there although
it's just the demo but doom 2 is playable in this which is pretty cool so if you own
a mac um i would be checking this out boxerapp.com is where you can go to check out the boxer
emulator for your old school dos fix and this doesn't come with any games right you have
to install your own yeah i'm pretty sure it's just some shareware is packaged in like i
see uh doom 2 it's probably the freeware one and then underworld the demo ultimate underworld
probably just box with some of those you can though for the record play pc games on a mac
you install the emulator or dual boot right parallels i think it's called but i think
what this specifically does is the whole slow down to play the old games too which is important
because some of the old dos games you try to play them on a pc now i'm just like crazy
you can't do it because you know the first computer i ever had pc was a 16 megahertz
computer and it was blazing fast and you know i used to play games like x-men on it and
like these old screen covert action and all these games and now like what did computers
go now 1000 megahertz so it's just like crazy so there you go check that out all right we're
gonna get to the skype line but first we've got to do tonight's list list and reveal the
winner so here it is tonight's definitive list no arguing folks it's a done deal this
is a very scientific process the launch title that would have made you get a 3ds number
three breasts 3d that's right the game with boobs boobs and more boobs i already have
that game almost as good as the real thing i already have that game all right uh your
number two answer for the game you most want to have on the 3ds would have made you get
one today samus arand's motorboat and bikini blaster woohoo i see a pattern it could be
in another nintendo tecmo collaboration there you go absolutely but the number one thing
that would have made you buy a 3ds today f-zero 3ds going for a serious answer there it is
f-zero 3ds is the winner i thought for sure that it would be the offered racing game uh
rebecca black's pre-teen convertible off-road racer one vote away from being and it was
just it was fourth place just shy of the list i'm kind of glad though it won't be etched
permanently into the wiki as a top three answer because like seriously that joke will be old
next week all right uh we totally missed out on all the charlie sheen references we could
use i know you could winning 3ds but no one cares anymore i'm kind of over it i didn't
care to be yeah yay we're watching a man self-destruct live on tv it's great but it's different now
because it's a man doing it it's been a while yeah maybe he'll show his kush on tv and people
will care as he's getting out of a limo sure cobwebby all right skype line is open now
1877 game olr or our username on skype is orange launch radio if you want to give us
a call and talk about the 3ds you want to talk about something we talked about in the
news or maybe have a game review i don't know skype lines open and uh call i'm hoping we'll
get at least one caller tonight we've never had before i want to hear from someone shy
who never calls us loki meanwhile do you have any last minute news for us tonight um there's
some stuff we didn't talk about like uh there was a whole thing that they thought that geohot
had fled to south america yes he went to south america that fucking story yeah i know it's
whatever you know uh yeah he went to south america but not for fleeing well of course
you know if he doesn't come back then he is fleeing so data as well um yeah man there's
not a lot of stuff um all right let's go to the phones remember phones take a call hi
you're on orange launch radio who's this this is cd fender say that again cd fidner fender
fender cd fender i don't think we've had you on the show before i got my wish what's on
your mind buddy it's actually thunder oh fender what's up thunder
golden rule of radio go ahead and turn down the radio in the background because the echo
is going to mess with you like you wouldn't believe listen to me on your phone what's
up what'd you call us for tonight well i want to discuss i have some games to discuss with
you guys all right what games uh let's see the resident evil series uh-huh just the whole
damn series all of them uh well like uh number five resident evil five is uh i've never played
it but it looks pretty cool i think i might like it why do you think you'd like resident
evil five well i've seen uh videos of it and just the uh i did the graphics look amazing
and the gameplay looks cool now and you're a partner is a girl so you can't beat that
now resident evil 5 has been out for some time so what's uh what's stopping you from
just getting the damn game already well i don't have the system oh wow wow wow that
happens so you you are not an owner of any uh 360 ps3 type consoles no we've got a nintendo
gamecube and uh nintendo 64 that's all right that shit's expensive the new stuff so you
you you are kicking it old school yes i am so what games what old school games do you
enjoy playing uh let's see i've got um the uh old uh rampage games and uh have uh perfect
dark the one for the 64 classic i also have um fighting for 64
uh golden i double o seven well these are all classic games so so is it just like you
know i'm kind of surprised if you own a gamecube and a 64 you haven't yet taken the plunge
and gotten a wee is it just is it just a money thing well i'm still living at home and i
haven't moved out and i don't uh think i want to spend my money on that even though i like
playing on wheeze i don't think i want to own one yeah you know it's like you know the
rent or a wee the ramps probably a good idea i mean seriously i know i'm gonna so i'm with
the uh gamecube uh i've got uh diehard vendetta i don't think i'm not sure if you've heard
of that uh no probably not i wasn't really into the diehard movies although well i don't
know yippee-ki-yay motherfucker maybe i don't know just do we do we get that in the game
do we get a yippee-ki-yay motherfucker in the game i uh haven't played in such a long
time i've forgotten okay that's all right i probably not because it's a nintendo based
product so well it's an unrated game so you never know that's true okay here here's my
thing though uh resident evil you brought up resident evil five now one of the greatest
gamecube games they ever made was resident evil four so have you checked that out on
gamecube i think i do want to buy that and they i think they made that game for the we
as well but it's the same the graphics are still the same yeah pretty much i mean the
we's just two game cubes duct taped together with fancy motion control anyway so that's
a pretty good description uh how's your pc because some folks in chat are kind of commenting
wow this guy unfortunately has a lot of old systems from three years ago maybe he should
game on the pc have you have you tried gaming on pc i don't have a pc i'm actually using
a mac laptop right now well that well we just talked about dos box on the mac you might
that might be an option for you i don't know yeah i've actually had the original uh one
version of the original doom for the 64. i see so well uh you might have to check out
steam for the mac or something i don't know uh it's an option for you all right we gotta
take some more calls any other uh last minute thoughts before we uh let you go uh no just
that you guys do a really good job and uh keep doing what you're doing we will thank
you very much thank you thanks so much take care everybody bye you know not everybody
can not everybody can take the plunge you're talking about 200 for a nintendo we because
the folks in the chat room are like is that call from like three years ago what's going
on but it's like you know that's also the reality of this economy is that not everybody
gets to just take the plunge i should have asked how old he was because he did say he
lived at home and you know granted a lot of adults live at home but he might have also
been 16 which could have answered a lot of that i don't know all right one eight seven
seven game olr our username on skype is orange lounge radio let's uh move on to some more
calls hi you're on orange launch radio who's this hey what's up guys this is kai judo
kai judo what's on your mind buddy but i just wanted to call real quick about uh pokemon
uh black and white pokemon before i say that yeah yeah i have it i have both actually but
um before i go on tonight i just want to say uh that previous caller uh die hard vandetta
he called it uh it does have a lot of cursing in it awesome it's actually uh a big deal
they were trying to go after nintendo because of all the foul language there's so many f
bombs in that game nice you wouldn't believe it i'm glad but um anyway so yeah the pokemans
show us your pokemans yeah i definitely recommend it i mean i think um if you haven't played
pokemon in a while i think you should definitely pick this one up i mean they always add something
new to the pokemon games and uh what they added new to this one is uh there's a lot of um
uh uh wi-fi connectability to the game like um they have the whole uh you know the big thing
that's like street pass they have that where if you have your uh your ds on and you walk by
someone and they have a pokemon you exchange information they have the uh you can battle
people online um what else do they have they have mudkip 2.0 huh mudkip 2.0
i don't even know what that is i'm just trolling don't listen to me
but anyway yeah they have this thing called uh g gear where it's like um you have three different
types of ways that you can connect with people uh there's the uh infrared where it's like it's
like a face-to-face type of connection that you do then there's the uh like i've mentioned before
you know like the street pass type thing and then there's the uh internet wi-fi and i mean there's
just a lot to it i mean it's a really big game i mean i can go i i can go on forever about um how
much they added to the game it's really a great game so my ignorance earlier in the show should
not have said that the pokemon games haven't really changed in a while well i mean it's your
opinion but actually they have changed the one that you mentioned uh the ruby what was it ruby
silver yeah now ruby what they yeah i mean i'm not i'm not the biggest uh pokemon historian but um
what i think is what they added to that one was the day and night phases which they didn't have
in the uh the original which was i think well was it red and blue or some shit okay but to be fair
i mean how much does that really change the core mechanic of the game i mean maybe a little bit
because i mean certain certain pokemon you couldn't catch you know you have to catch them at certain
days of the week you have to catch them at certain uh you know either day or night i mean you know
i mean they they really do innovative stuff with it i mean you know it may not be something that's
gonna like uh change how you think about pokemon but i mean they always uh consider the fans and
they you know they kind of like cater to what uh the fans want like whatever the fans are asking
for it you can almost guarantee it'll be in the next pokemon game let me ask one of the fanboy
questions of the year and i don't know how many times we brought this up on the show but why do
you think nintendo hasn't taken the plunge and done a pokemon mmo everybody i would even fucking
play a pokemon mmo well you you mentioned earlier um like i said i'm not the biggest uh pokemon
historian but they do have this uh website thing that's coming out on uh march 30th which is kind
of gonna is i guess you could say it's kind of like a minimum uh mmo you're gonna have like some
kind of pokey farm and you can you can raise your pokemon slaves there and you know make them fight
you know you know all that type of stuff so i mean they do have some type of uh
nmo thing going on i don't think you'll be walking around a ton of people and interacting with them
like in a while but um you'll be able to link up with maybe i don't know maybe 10 people in a room
and you can all like uh chat and this you can tie razorblades to their feet and all that shit
this sounds like you're turning cock fighting into a video game but you've just replaced
that with pikachu that's pretty much what pokemon is when you you know when you get down to it
you're basically catching you'd be a very dirty yes yeah it's cock fighting pretty much but i
mean it's great you know i mean i i don't mind it get your pikachu out of my cock fighting game
sorry we're having too much fun yes better than getting the real roosters and having them beat the
crap out of each other you could do it virtually all right and that and that's pretty much what
the main story is about in this game there's actually uh a guy who wants uh to free all the
pokemon because he's like oh you know we're enslaving them and we're doing all this crazy
shit so he's basically pita yeah yeah all right would that be people for the ethical treatment
of pokemon pp all right anyhow all right we gotta let you go guys judo but thank you for our pokey
phil any any quick last shout outs before we let you go uh shout out to uh everyone listening all
right shout out to write you i love you man all right take care i'm not gonna write you a love
song oh god have you seen that t-shirt no i'm not gonna and then the picture of right shoe and then
love song
uh sx in our chat room says no one show this game to michael vick oh ouch i don't know about that
all right 1877 game olr username on skype is orange lounge radio
oh i can't deal with it tonight let's get to some more calls hi you're on orange launch radio who's
this hello you're on orange launch radio hi i'm doing this at death hey active running to the mic
running to the mic hi what's up back deaf uh i just want to pull up the the last call about
pokemon yeah what's up well i pretty much uh well it has changed a lot since the game boy advance
games okay a lot so what's all what's all changed what what am i missing by not experiencing pokemon
black and white well you have more stuff to do with pokemon uh you have to uh watch out for
stats like special attack and defense you also have to raise some certain pokemon to to obtain
them you have to work that pokemon you have to train them can you can you whip your pokemon
like the derby owners club if you're a competitive player pretty much you have to do that no okay
all right and also uh about nintendo not doing the pokemon mmo pretty much nintendo i think has said
that they don't want to do it because it's uh it's a very very big project and i think they
said that that it couldn't work well fuck them give me what i want is that too much to ask
everyone would play it i know i i don't play mmos i don't like them but i know i would play a
pokemon mmo i want i dare somebody to call in and say they wouldn't play the pokemon mmo anyone in
this room would anyone in this room not play the pokemon mmo or at least give it a try i'd try i
would not play the pokemon why we okay hater why because i don't like pokemon because you can't
shoot pokemon no because i don't like it i think the stupid series that certain people over age
hold on hold on i just i have to know haven't you bought every single animal crossing game they've
ever made yes i don't understand you and i don't like them but you buy them you you hate you hate
you hate you hate my wife wanted to play yeah likely story it is likely well maybe josh wants
to play pokemon mmo i bought nintendo dogs and i hate it and i'm getting rid of it so you know what
it doesn't matter i want to play nintendo buy it oh you want to play the new nintendo dogs
boot up the old nintendo and get drunk it'll be in 3d there i don't know i just want someone to
convince my husband to get me my 3ds uh look what you started act f we're all fighting it's all in
the fighting tonight i know olr is going to break up tonight and it's all because of your call i
just want you to know that i'm kidding i'm sorry about that sorry i'm kidding all right well
basically nintendo said uh the most principle thing they that uh what's the word they don't
want to do it because it's a big infrastructure and it's uh like i said a very big project for
for them to handle and they don't want to do it i see they're the number one selling console in
the motherfucking world yet they can't afford the infrastructure to put out a pokemon mmo
little old microsoft i have no idea how they're doing it and sony she's boy they're sure suckers
well to uh to uh you know their defense that microsoft doesn't have an mmo
but they have an online infrastructure which is more than nintendo has debatable to i mean
they did have final fantasy 11 you know i'm always going to whip out that card and fantasy star
universe that's true has all right fine then they already have more than intended us it's a
microsoft just is opposed to mmos for some reason there's some weird thing going on like i don't
know if they were just burned by final fantasy 11 or what but i don't know or maybe it has something
to do with their next system maybe the next system is all going to be about mmos who knows i'm making
shit up now all right act f before i let you go since we've completely um you know derailed your
phone calls many times uh anything else you want to share with our folks tonight well just one
question one last question of course would you pay around 525 for a 3ds hell no i wouldn't not
right now not until more games come out let me guess that's how much you're having to pay in
mexico huh yep don't you live not far from the border luckily but for those who doesn't or who
don't you need to just drive to san diego or find a friend here who can help you out for a lot
cheaper that's crazy talk 500 bucks i can find a friend i have i live pretty much across the border
so i can find a friend and k can bring me one but those who live on the south those are pretty much
screwed they're paying six hundred six thousand pesos which is around 525 dollars for only a 3ds
unbelievable all right well act after we hope uh it gets to a more reasonable level in mexico soon
but it is launch day i mean give it a few weeks to stabilize you know if the sales are not so hot
or at least not maybe as hot as some people thought maybe the price will drop pretty quickly
we'll see no doubt it but well let's see we'll see all right take care buddy take care you too
boy sometimes we forget how spoiled we are in america that at least these game companies put
out the consoles here you know what i mean it's weird that nintendo doesn't do more with mexico
because you know they have the the manuals all in spanish and french so that they can launch
in multiple regions simultaneously i don't know let's go to one or two more calls hi you're on
orange launch radio who's this hey it's ron how's everyone doing tonight hey good rama i just want
to say real quick to this our phones are like packed tonight it's weird like it's just constantly
lit up the whole screen so if you don't get through tonight don't get sand in your vagina
just send us an email mailbag at orange launch radio.com because millions of people will call
but yet no one will email us i don't understand all right barama you got through what's on your
mind tonight a few things um number one i know the music is out on the podcast but when you were
playing music from um space channel five i had mentioned that about years ago i was in a skit
where it was dance dance revolution versus space channel five i had to have been at least 10 years
ago when ddr was popular i'm just kidding i bet it was close to seven what was uh what was what
was this ddr versus space channel five sketch it was pretty much a dance off between which was
better on the characters from space channel five or ddr but what had happened was way to see it
let's go after the dance off uh the main villain from space channel five part two comes out tries
to take over the convention both sides join forces and do another dance off to destroy him but we
cut it in half because we couldn't get everything together now which character did you play and
please don't say space michael rage rage nice you wear pants no i did not have the hair i didn't
have time to throw that together you didn't go as pantsless rage no it's an old school a large
old school old school good you wore pants yes indeed so who ultimately ended up being victorious
the ddr people or the space channel five people i really don't know because it just ended up like
a tie per se but we still ended up winning an award which was pretty cool it was open to
interpretation that's what it was yes whatever you wanted to happen you as the viewer so what
cons are coming up rama any cons you're going to soon you're the con king uh anime boston but you
know that's them but i do have a couple more things i want to cover that i'm gonna be on my
merry little way all right number one loki you mentioned about what's the point of having
projectors with video games and stuff like that something tells me you've never seen gaming
tournaments i missed like half of what you just said there yeah you you bought uh you botched up
a little bit i don't know the connection but let me just repeat a little bit um rama is basically
a couple weeks ago on the show i don't even remember when you said it but you talked about
projectors for consoles and who needs projectors on consoles but rama is saying well what about
gaming tournaments or anime cons or you know he does conventions and probably sees like ddr on
projectors all the time at the atari party they had um games on projector yeah that's cool that
you can do that but you can do that with pretty much any console i don't think it needs to be
necessarily built into a console and that being its you know its uh primary source of you know
putting out the images it's just it's impractical for a lot of people i mean for maybe a convention
or something like that where you don't want to bring a tv um that may work but the majority of
people out there don't use projectors a projector is basically a tv you know and so you use it for
certain scenarios so i guess that's where loki's coming from eh i'm just saying you know if you if
it's like if they come out with like some sort of 3d holographic system or something like that that
requires some special display that's not out there holodeck in a box you know then you know you want
one but like if it's just like oh look it's this console with a projector like a pico projector
built in it's kind of i don't know it's neat i guess but it's impractical unless of course it
runs on batteries and that might be pretty cool because then you can at least take it places and
play stuff but um you know i don't know all right rama anything else i had something else but i'll
save that for another time all right fair enough or you can email hint hint we need more emails all
right we'll do rama take care buddy no problem bye have fun at anime boston be good times all
right uh let's go ahead and get to some more calls 1877 game olr username on skype is orange
lunch radio we can do at least one more call right one more one more call yeah all right
one more call salacious pop says yes you want to take a call it'll be fun no all right all right
see what's lighting up now it's not well it takes about a minute in about a minute it's going to
light up completely all right loki uh is there any last minute stories i know you're just getting
into that okay go video but uh is there any last minute stories yeah actually there's um you know
it's a series that's on the uh ios system real racing um they've got real racing 2 hd that's
going to be getting a ipad 2 update that's actually going to turn the ipad 2 into almost
like a console it's uh 1080p visuals which make it look almost like a gran turismo type quality
game and use the actual um ipad as the steering wheel with the gas and brake on there and it has
a like a map display on the actual ipad but the actual games on the tv let me go to the phones
because we like clockwork like almost exactly a certain number of seconds after i said we're done
the buffer caught up we got another lit up board this is going to be the last call though guys um
so if you didn't get through again please email sorry all right uh hi caller you're on the air
who's this hey this is excellent hey what's on your mind buddy hey never much um first off i'm
very proud of my stepdaughter she's loving and she already been in less than about a month and
a half been through the first two games of the professor latent series and only needed help like
once or twice with one or two of the puzzles that is really amazing that's really good that's a very
cerebral game so awesome for her yeah she's very smart and she loves this type of puzzle game so
i'm looking forward to getting her the third one you got a kid genius on your hand mensa test
yeah really no joke um i bought pokemon black the day it came out and i really loved it and
i haven't played pokemon for quite a while i really pissed off the original and the only
reason why i got it was because a lot of my friends i knew had was getting either getting
the black or getting white so i decided well why not so you know and um try it out i'm really
enjoying it i'm enjoying the way the graphics has updated some of the move sets have changed around
and the different ways they're doing the wi-fi connection now so i can trade with friends even
from across states if i wanted to which was really cool which i tried that out so it was though the
microphone when it came on kind of threw for a loop but um it was very it's very cool though i
mean the the features and the functionality to put into it unfortunately it's kind of sad that
the global link where you could put your pokemon and do dream and put them in like a dream world
was kind of like a um web browser game type thing unfortunately won't be coming anytime soon because
of the fact that over japan with the earthquake they had to shut down the servers for it and they
came out with a release saying though it was supposed to come on on the 30th um for uh north
america and europe there's an infinite delay as to when it's going to actually go up so that was the
one that previous call was talking about that was supposed to go up on the 30th unfortunately there
has been a delay and they have really statements about that so let me ask you the same fanboy
question i haven't asked everybody else about the whole pokemon mmo would you would you leave
warcraft for a pokemon mmo no no why is that i think that would be more towards your like
smaller kids and stuff kind of like the free realm is for like sony um i really don't see it
mean more towards adults i wouldn't mind playing it just for you know lols or if it's you know for
a good price but i just don't really see me playing a pokemon mmo when i just can go online
and just do the same things to the regular pokemon and just challenge somebody over wi-fi
gotcha unless they're gonna offer like a bunch more stuff to it so
i don't know i'm just i'm just type you know i just thought i couldn't really see myself doing
that but if they didn't want to do it it'll be a good cash cow go for it it'll probably give
wild probably run for our money if they if they can pull if they can play it off and do it right
that is and um also coming into the straight mail too for the bio well the bioware sorry really
quickly i don't get offended when i would play games say like dragon age uh dragon age 2 mass
effect and had a chill quote gay uh sex scene would happen i'm not gonna be like oh my god i
can't believe i'm seeing this i mean i couldn't believe somebody actually wrote about that and
said for all the street mail sorry not everybody's like that and not everybody will be like that so
and if i don't like something i just don't play it that's as simple as that so right so uh yeah um
it was a weird story and it's it's kind of cool though the bioware like came out and just totally
like defended it and i'm glad that like if they're gonna go all in like that they really go like all
in and stand by it and you know the artistic stuff behind it precisely and i don't see any reason as
to why it didn't cause an outcry people knew about this way before i mean as soon as the game hits
people knew about this they warned people and they were like oh we're putting all this stuff in we're
showing you some of the scenes and they're letting people know and it's like it was your choice
either you do you can either a buy it knowing what was in it or b don't buy it don't worry about it
at all and just don't get all up you know don't make those decisions like like like it was said
before you have to go through so many decisions before that would even happen and you would know
because of by the reaction of the people and what they say i mean it's kind of obvious all right
well we'll leave it on that for now excellent thanks so much for the call anytime enjoy your
pokemans oh i will all right see you see ya kind of surprised you didn't say anything about the
uh stepdaughter playing pokemon all right so clearly i uh angered the pokemon fans across
america tonight so i would like to apologize i'm deeply sorry uh to those pokemon fans i may have
offended let me play you a little something in tribute uh god damn it i hate it when people
mislabel youtube things it's supposed to be something else fail maybe this one
i know i know something that you can pull up let's try to play the jigglypuff song
let me try this pull here we go
search for it's a it's a bumper from wb's cartoon afternoon batman sings jigglypuff
so it's it's awesome all right let me jiggly batman is that it okay here we go
jigglypuff a balloon pokemon time for bed all right but it deals a deal no way you promised
jigglypuff jigglypuff
oh all right good night the whole thing pokemon next on kids wb very nice very good i like that
one nice all right as we put the listeners to sleep even more all right wake up because we're
about to wrap up the show here um thanks to you guys who called in tonight sorry to those who
didn't get through but remember we do have an email mailbag at orange lounge radio dot com all
right any other last minute stories we didn't get to loki no um but i did want to mention one thing
though and just after watching the updated you know system update thing for uh the okay go video
if they don't use this song in some sort of promotion for nintendo dogs they are really like
really just missing the boat here because it's with friends which because all the games are
nintendo dogs and cats you know with friends um and it's got fucking dogs in the damn video and
it's in 3d come on nintendo it's like here you go great ad campaign don't have to do anything you
you just go go with it okay go no seriously though i'm surprised they should have if they wanted to
be kind of hip and cool about it they could have done like a cool intro video like they did with
little big planet where it was with live actors and stuff like that that i'm pretty awesome
but then again the game is just a rehash of the last game or they just need to get oprah to
give away 3ds is on our last show and you get a 3ds and you get a 3ds it's by nintendo she already
had her last favorite things episode though and the audience completely just lost their minds of
course they did awesome you would too if you've been in that audience hold me i would have been
you if you got to go to the britney concert she totally told them too because she never says that
it's a giveaway episode so it's like oh we're going to talk about to cancer patients and it's
very sad then all of a sudden all the big balloons fall out of the sky and everyone you know celebrate
cancer all right yeah all right that's gonna do it for another episode of orange lounge radio
thank you guys so much for downloading our show and checking it out uh hey if you like what you
heard here at orange launch radio all we ask tell two friends about the show help spread the word
about orange launch radio word of mouth is what we need because you know what we don't have a big
website we're not a magazine we're not corporate owned we're just frenzies doing this show because
we enjoy it let's go around and get everybody's final thought we'll start off with salacious pop
thank you once again for sitting in on the show tonight thank you great list list tonight and uh
any final thoughts for our listeners tonight tacos all right and we'll go to loki any final
thoughts for you tonight my final thought is this um and i don't know if anyone's really noticed
there's an infrared camera on the 3ds infrared camera plus motion controls what does that equal
we integration yay dance party dance party all you need people is playing some wii game and they
just fling their 3ds out of their hand it's just gone is the 3ds condom all right my final thought
for the night is care packages from japan rock especially sugary foods nom dark soccer you have
final thought tonight uh no no means no no all right that's it guys for another episode of
orange lounge radio we'll be back to do it all again next week though until then have a wonderful
week we'll see you next time you've been listening to orange lounge radio orange lounge radio is an
orange lounge production to join us for a live show visit www.allgames.com sunday nights at 6
p.m pacific time the views and opinions expressed on orange lounge radio do not necessarily reflect
those of the entire staff of orange lounge radio or allgames.com but we're probably right anyway
see you next week
