Today, March 6th, 2011, the PlayStation 3 stops shipping in one country, GameStop becomes
the target of the class-action lawsuit, and Microsoft clears up some old gamer tags.
Hello my friends out there on the interwebs and welcome to another week of Orange Lounge
Radio.
It is that show about video games.
It's the show that brings every gamer a voice as we have over the past nine years.
We do tape live Sunday nights at All Games Radio, www.allgames.com, right after the Bobby
Black Wolf show.
My name is Rob Roberts.
I'll be joining you over the next few hours with my co-hosts.
Say hello to the one and only Dark Sakura, Jamie Sommers.
Shamae.
How are you?
Shamae.
Shamazzle.
Are we the Laverne and Shirley opening?
This will be showing up on our photo feed shortly.
Shortly.
Because today's alcoholism is brought to you by Shamae, which is tasty.
Uh oh, you're not drinking during the show again because last week, oh boy, that was
a rough show.
Alright.
Watch me.
You're not drinking.
Say hello and welcome back.
Loki is back with us tonight.
Hello.
How are you doing?
You feeling better?
Um, yeah, I guess.
We told all the listeners why you were gone.
Sorry if you want to keep it a secret.
No, I don't.
We forget to tweet about it.
I don't care.
Yeah, it's fine.
I told him that we played a song in tribute.
That's right.
We did play living in a hernia.
Living with a hernia on our way out.
Apparently it was something, I don't know, I guess it was something I had for a long
time or something, but like on Tuesday last week, like all of a sudden my innie became
an Audi and it's like, oh, this kind of hurts, you know, why is this hurting?
So I went to the doctor, doctor said, um, you know, hey, you better go, you know, here,
I'm going to make an appointment with the surgeon right now so you can go get checked
out.
And then the went to the surgeon's office and they're like, well, we can take care of
this right now if you want.
I'm like, all right.
So they're wet.
They did that.
And it hurt like a bitch for, well, during the operation because, you know, operations
tend to hurt.
Did they put you under?
I don't know.
It's local.
And that felt weird.
Yeah, I bet.
Oh.
Um, but then, uh, no, then it's just like really stiff and sore for a couple of days.
I just want to point out, they don't knock you out for a vasectomy either.
If you want to, I'm sure that I've heard, I haven't had, that probably wouldn't have
heard as bad as, you know, it's not even really hurting.
It's weird stuff.
Like imagine someone putting like their finger into your belly button underneath and then
pulling muscle, you know, down or something like that.
That's kind of the feeling that stuff or nice sounds of barf or the, um, the feeling of
someone electrocuting fat or something on you and popping and then smelling that fat
burning.
Once in a while we do talk about video games, I promise, but no, I'm feeling, I'm feeling
better.
Did they turn the fat into bacon?
They did not.
It does not smell like bacon.
It's not even, it's not good.
Smells like a chicken burning does not smell like chicken burning.
It's not pleasant and it's not pleasant to feel it burning either.
All right, well look, all this gross medical talk house aside, um, hopefully you had a
chance to play a lot of games while you were recovering.
Yeah.
And it was, it was an umbilical hernia.
It was something I think, cause like for the long, like as long as I can remember, it was
like my belly button feels weird.
Like it felt like there was like a tube on the other side or something like that.
Well you never had a baby to lift before and it's probably what, I don't even know if it
does that.
It was just, if it was there, your intestines hooked up to the wrong spot.
Basically what happened was is like it, what happens with hernia is sometimes fat can,
fat or tissue can get trapped inside of it and then it gets, the circulation gets caught
off and it dies.
Well, that's what started to happen with some of that.
So that's why I started hurting.
Um, so they had to, you know, get rid of that so that, you know, wouldn't turn, you know,
into gangrene or something.
I got to go to our chat room at chat.orangelaungeradio.com.
Let me read you some of the comments from our chat room right now.
We are live.
Uh, at chat.orangelaungeradio.com.
OMFG.
Loki.
Stop.
Gah.
Yeah.
Can't Loki just talk about grand theft or earth defense force instead?
Orange lounge trauma center.
I can talk about both of those.
I saw the, I saw the new little, uh, trailer or like behind the scenes or not really a
trailer.
It was like a behind the scenes thing on, um, or a preview of earth defense.
It's awesome.
So awesome.
All right.
Anyhow, wow.
I don't know how to follow that up, but, uh, I guess we'll find now that technically I'm
not supposed to be lifting anything or doing anything, but I feel fine.
Um, and so I've been lifting my son's stuff.
I'm just not like, you know, not because you're secretly a cyborg.
I'm not going to go, you know, try to get more cat litter or something like that.
It was like a 30 pound.
It's basically if it hurts, stop doing it.
Uh, well you were missed last week.
Loki.
But our aims improving now that you're with the targeting range.
Was last week.
Seriously.
We had a drunk Jamie.
We had the Oscars.
I was tipsy.
We had a drunk Jamie and the mystique came in middle of the show and I don't even know
what happened.
Shut off our Batman shoes.
I did pretty good on my Oscar picks.
I think I haven't got a chance to be back to my work yet, but I hope I won something
that'd be kind of cool.
All right, let's get back into video games and talk about our gaming weeks.
Dark soccer.
How was your gaming week?
I played well.
Damn you addict dealer.
I joined the Horde house guild and made a death night because it did not want to start
from one.
That's the interesting thing about having a new guild.
Yeah.
My a spinoff show.
Horde house with extra for has an official guild now and all the details are on the last
show or the goober server Twitter.
Yeah.
Uh, on what?
Wow.
Wiki calls a server full of bad players.
So we had to roll there.
We had to roll there.
Had to do it.
So, but everything's starting from scratch has been very weird.
I've run into nothing but assholes really except for us.
Of course.
Um, well, I know there was one nice person who wanted to group with me, but I'm like,
I don't want to play with you.
So it's just been MMOs for you?
Well, today I went in either room cause I wanted to play Marvel versus Capcom three
and I was in, and Dan was playing through Shinobi.
So I sit down with my, uh, my sleepy, I sleep with a sleeping bag because it's really warm
and cause I was super cold, so I sat with my sleeping bag and I fell asleep to Shinobi
and woke up to Ikaruga.
So I guess that counts that I can sleep to video games apparently at some point Dan beat
it cause I opened my eyes and saw the ending and it was like, Oh, whatever.
And uh, I think that's about it.
You know, um, uh, off show stuff, we were, um, out to brunch earlier today cause I've
been promising you brunch when Alan was in town for a long time.
Best French toast ever.
Well, I had the waffle.
It was pretty good.
But, um, we were kind of talking about old school video games and I had mentioned, uh,
ever since then, cause we were talking about, um, a certain game that's going to come up
later in the show.
And then we were talking about Rygar, the, uh, the arcade game, like not the NES game
that most everybody remembers.
It was also an arcade game.
And I was talking about the Taito arcade classics that is on Xbox, the old school one.
It has Rygar, has tech mobile, a bunch of other stuff in it.
Uh, and like how I've been really wanting to play that.
I didn't get to it today, but like ever since our little conversation this morning, I've
been dying to go back and play some Rygar.
It's been like an old school arcade day.
It is, I think one of the backwards compatible.
It is.
It is.
That's why I know I can play it.
That came up in our discussion today.
Yeah.
So, cause I don't think Dan knew that it was backwards compatible and it is one of the
few.
I don't think he checked.
Did Taito, I think Taito had like the Rainbow Islands and Bubble Bobble.
I can't remember what was in that collection.
It was years ago that I first got it, but now it's pretty awesome considering a lot
of those arcade games kind of get recycled and they want to charge you five, 10 bucks
a piece for them.
I love Parasol Stars.
I found a copy of Parasol Stars for a PC Engine and they wanted like a bunch of money for
it, which was retarded.
I'm sorry.
Which was stupid.
I'm sorry if I offended some retarded people out there.
Whatever.
I was trying to see if I could find the, uh.
Oh, now I'm sorry if I offended stupid people.
I was trying to see if I could find the Taito arcade classics page, but I can't find it.
An older game, so it's probably harder to find.
And I don't want to hear anything about Pokemans.
Are you jealous?
Cause I've already heard about Pokemans from when Shane was playing through Pokemans.
It's all old news.
Old news.
I find it fascinating how many people are going to get Pokemon black and white on the
3DS, even though you can play it on a DS Lite, but because the launch lineup for 3DS is not
as strong as it could have been, uh, there's a lot of people that want to use Pokemon to
kind of fill in the gap.
So we're waiting.
Pokemon fans are pretty rabid, so it's a big day for a lot of people.
Dan has announced that we are waiting for Star Fox to get our 3DS.
And I want Kid Icarus.
Yeah, hopefully those will all be up on the holidays.
All those other bitches can shut up.
Alright.
Anything else for your gaming week you want to share?
Shime.
Let's go to Loki.
How was your gaming week, Loki?
And I know you had time to play a lot.
Yeah, but I didn't play a lot.
But I did play a few things, and it's funny.
So I finished Sword and Poker 2 finally, so I stopped playing that.
And I'm playing a new iOS game, Game Dev Story.
It's the one where it's a game developer sim, and so you can develop games and stuff like
that.
And, uh, you know, I'm just kicking ass at it.
And it's kind of funny, though, because it's, uh, it takes place, like, during, you know,
pre-Nintendo and stuff like that, but there's all these different systems with different
names that are supposed to be the, you know, those consoles, like the Nintendo IES, or,
you know, the Neon Gion, stuff like that.
So I have my company, Orange Lounge, here, and let me go over some of the past products
that we have put out, and that have sold well.
And of course, everything is really inappropriate, so that's awesome.
Very awesome.
One of our first games, Two Girls, One Cup, sold 847,000 units, of course, that's early
on.
Pokemans, we put out a game called Pokemans, sold 2.7 million.
Some of the other more popular games, um, Fucked Your Mom, 4 million units, Pokemans
3, 11 million, You Is Stupid, which is our You Don't Know Jack game, and then of course
I ripped off other things, obviously, since Nintendo doesn't exist, so we have Mario RPG
as well.
Pokeman Online, 54 million copies, that's pretty awesome, and then of course our last
music game, TDR Ol' Army, 46 million.
And that's on our console, the glory hole, because they happened to be watching the soup
at the time, so, and our console is kicking the Playstation's ass.
Wow.
I gotta do a quick correction, so I apologize, I blended my companies together.
The Rygar and Tecmo Bowl, of course, are in the Tecmo Classic Arcade Collection, not Taito,
sorry, a very similar sounding in my arcade classic knowledge failed me for a moment,
but there's Tecmo Classic Arcade, that is the one that is backwards compatible, Bombjack
Rygar, Tecmo Bowl, Solomon's Key, lots of awesome ones.
There is a separate game called Taito Legends, I can't remember if this one was backwards
compatible, but this was the one that had like the Bubble Bobble, Space Invaders, Elevator
Action, New Zealand Story, and some of those games, so, oops!
I'm getting old, sorry.
And these games are how many years old?
And funny enough, Frisbee, Fucked Your Mom, The Sequel, Fucked Your Dad, that is actually
the sequel, so, pretty funny.
But the game, it's all done in pixel art, and it's pretty fun, and basically you hire
people, fire people, you train them, you can eventually get like, you can go to E3, or
I think they call it Game Decks, it's like Com Decks, SSJ100 Matt wants to know how what
theyplay.com snap is selling.
That's an old school, by the way.
Don't have that game yet.
You might have to put that in there.
We may have to develop that game.
But we just put out Call of Duty, and sold 7 million units in the first week.
And don't forget my dream game for the Xbox Live Indie Arcade would be Granny's Got a
Gun.
Granny's Got a Gun?
That would be Granny's Got a Gun, and it's the Golden Girls with machine guns.
Yes, and it's great though because you can see what your console, how it's doing and
stuff in the marketplace, and they even have the Virtual Boy, and all the console stuff
since we kinda know what's going on with the game industry and everything, it's like, okay,
here comes the Virtual Kid, it's a 3D portable, I don't think I'll be developing on that because
I think it's going away really fast, and sure enough it goes away really fast, just like
the other ones, instead of the Saturn it's the Uranus.
But yeah, it's pretty fun.
Definitely worth picking up Game Dev Story, and they have the new one, they don't have
it over here yet, but they have some spa sim, they have the spa sim over here, which is
kinda dumb, but they have a game store, it's called the Game Dealer, and you play like
a Game Stop type thing, it's a similar game, Dev Story.
I've heard about that.
But yeah, definitely, Game Dev Story, check it out, it's awesome.
Alright.
Oh, and then other things, I'm sorry, Grand Theft Auto.
Of course, of course, wouldn't be a week on OLR without Grand Theft Auto.
In fact, was that what you were playing a minute ago, it was in like debug mode or something
where you had the flying ice cream truck?
No, that was the PC version, I'm working on mod stuff for it, because I've edited the
water and everything to create this kind of a hydro thunder type track thing in there,
so I'm building, I've done the water part of it, called ice cream thunder.
No, the ice cream truck has nothing to do with it.
The whole reason there was an ice cream truck that was flying around like a helicopter is
because the annihilator helicopter fires guns off of it, and I was trying to make a vehicle
that drives around that fires guns out of the front of it, that happens to be an ice
cream truck just like, you know, Sweet Tooth and Twisted Metal, so.
Was unable to do that though, because the game just crashes for no apparent reason when
I try to make it drive.
So I don't know.
Does it play that horrible Jack in the Box style music while you're driving it?
It does when it, because that, all I did was I replaced the image of it, so.
But the actual ice cream truck does play all the like, you know, that type of music.
Can you do not just an ice cream truck, but what do they call it, the Roach Coaches that,
you know, the trucks start to incorporate buildings?
They don't have the Roach Coaches.
Doo doo doo doo doo doo doo doo doo doo doo.
No but you can, like I've, some other map edit stuff I was working on, I was doing some
tweaks to the physics of the bus and the ambulance, and so now I can clear Central Park with a
ramp, which is awesome.
That bus moves fast.
I don't know.
They need to bring back something like hard driving and modernize it with more stunts.
I mean I guess you could say, well like Burnout or whatever, but like.
Well that would technically be, well yeah, I mean like I understand, as far as like that
game Stunts, I guess that would be Trackmania, it would be kind of similar to Stunts.
Oh yeah, Trackmania.
But um, you know, as far as like a simulation racing game like that, I don't think they
have that.
Hey but hey, you know, EA, Need for Speed, you know, maybe some Need for Speed stunt
game or something like that.
That would be fun.
Alright, uh, My Gaming Week, a lot of the same stuff, I haven't really invested a lot
in new games lately.
I was tempted the other day though, man, the Dreamcast Collection with Space Channel 5
Part 2, uh, Crazy Taxi and Sonic Adventure, which are already out on Xbox Live Arcade,
but I didn't because I figured the game I really, really want, it'll come out on Xbox
Live Arcade eventually, and if I really, really, really wanted to play it, I could probably
just borrow, you know, Alan's copy or Jamie's copy or something, so I'll just wait a little
longer for some choo choo in Space Channel 5 Part 2.
As far as games I actually did play, went back, today I was feeling really old school
for some reason, I went back and played Bionic Commando Rearmed, because I was going through
like my Xbox games, because I bought a lot of arcade games back in the day, and I was
like, which one of these did I not play enough of?
I got down to B before I found the game, I was like, shit, I need to play more of this.
So I spent some quality time with Bionic Commando Rearmed, and I don't know why I just stopped
playing that the first time, I think it just came out during a period where there were
a lot of games coming out, and yes, I realize there's a sequel out already, so I'm a little
bit behind, but yeah, you can't forget, especially for you folks who are just now getting Xbox
360s, I think sometimes you can get a little bit distracted by all the arcade games that
are out there now, but seriously, there's a lot of like old school stuff that's really
pretty good out on Xbox Live Marketplace, so do your research, because there's some
games you might have missed that came out even like a year ago, two years, I mean, heck,
how old's the Xbox 360 now, coming on five years old, and still some stuff that dates
all the way back, that's quality stuff, like Geometry Wars, the original, is still worth
your five bucks, and the sequel's probably worth another ten.
Rest in peace, Bazaar.
As far as other games I played this week, I did check out the demo for one new game,
Beyond Good and Evil HD, which is of course the big Xbox Live title that came out this
week, which made a lot of people really excited, because the original game has lots and lots
of fans, and let me admit something to you guys, I never really played the original.
I know, I know, it was like a huge game, had its fans on PC, PS2, again, I think the original
kind of came out during a time where I wasn't, either I was way too hardcore into the music
games where I was missing a lot of this stuff, or I don't know, I just, you know, there's
not enough time in the day to play everything, so I missed this the first time around.
But I checked it out this time, and I at least played through the demo, and I was left wanting
to get the full version, it was pretty cool.
Having not played the original, I can't sit here and profess to know a lot about what
the upgraded, but I will tell you it was widescreen, it definitely seemed like there was a lot
of water effects that seemed to be somewhat new, and everything seemed very, very smooth.
It didn't look like, it did kind of look like an up-res'd PlayStation 2 game, but that's
okay, I mean, I hear a lot of people are really drawn to this game because of the story, and
I know this game really throws you in right away.
There's really not a lot of background explanation given as to, you know, what's going on in
the game, but it was cool, like I was interested in it right up until they pulled the plug
on it, which was rather abruptly on the demo.
What a great way to try and convince people to spend ten bucks, so yeah, I'm interested
in going back and revisiting this game since, you know, so many people love it, and I know
a lot of good things about it, and having got to play the first, I don't know, thirty
minutes or so in the demo was nice, so I will check out more of that, if I don't get too
distracted by Torchlight next week, because that is the Xbox Live game I am waiting for,
I love the PC one, I'm so excited to see how it translates to console, I'm really worried
I'm getting my expectations way too high, that I'm going to be just left disappointed
next week, but hopefully I can fit in Beyond Good and Evil HD 2.
According to Game Guru, Space Channel 5 is on Steam.
Yes, it did, it came out, I believe, over the weekend on Steam, it just kind of suddenly
showed up, so yeah, if you want to check that out on the PC, that would be cool, so, alright,
so that was pretty much it for my gaming week, those two games, and you know, some of the
usual stuff, wow, and some other PC games and so forth, Super Meat Boy, getting frustrated,
tried some of those new levels that we were talking about a couple weeks ago on the show,
couldn't even beat one, couldn't even beat stage one on some of those really hard ones,
disgusting.
Alright, anyhow, let's get into some housekeeping, and then we will get into the gaming news
for tonight, not a lot to say for housekeeping except Dark Soccer, sadly, will not be joining
us next week, but there will still be an OLR, Loki and I will be here, perhaps a guest host,
I don't know, we'll see.
I will be in a car.
Yes, you're going far away, so.
Far far away.
I hope you have fun.
Don't go too far that you can't come back, because we can go one week, but I don't know
about two weeks.
Not be back.
Alright.
Join us on Twitter, twitter.com slash OLR, you can join us on Facebook, facebook.com
slash Orange Laundry.
Speaking of Twitter, I'm peeking at it a little early tonight, and I thought this was a really
funny tweet from Defective Candy sent us a tweet, I know, I'm getting to Twitter early,
so shoot me, introducing OLR to seven of my friends tonight.
We're partying it up with some old school Unreal LAN partying and tuning in.
Well shout out to you guys at the LAN party, that sounds pretty awesome, kicking it old
school with Unreal.
Back in the day, this might be a little more even old school than Unreal, but back in the
day, we used to get together and play Quake, that used to be kind of the big thing, this
is like way before MMOs and all that, we would get together and play Quake like online, it
was just a lot of fun.
My first LAN was Duke Nukem 3D.
Oh yeah?
Yeah, I used to do that on the modem, the dial-up thing, it was a lot of fun.
Duke Nukem and Command & Conquer Red Alert were fun over the modem.
Nice.
So, I hope you guys are having fun, and thanks for spreading the word of the show, appreciate
it.
Let's get to the news, and Loki's gonna start us off tonight.
Oh yeah.
Much busier week than last week, that's for sure.
Yeah, it helps to have stuff going on in conferences and whatnot.
We may have talked about, well we did talk about this a little bit, that it was a possibility,
especially with LG suing Sony over the Blu-ray technology, but now apparently they've won
their preliminary injunction, and that means that they have blocked the sale of the Playstation
3 in Europe.
So basically, LG has an injunction for customs to seize and confiscate all PS3s coming into
Europe and from manufacturing plants, etc., up to ten days.
I don't really know what that's supposed to do for ten days.
It says, apparently they're collecting consuls, the consuls collected are temporarily being
held in Dutch warehouses until the case moves forward, but right now they're expected to,
I guess retailers are expected to have enough PS3s the last two or three weeks, so you may
not necessarily see any shortages or something like that.
You may, if this case goes further, and they end up winning everything, because Sony's
gonna have to pay them some money.
Do you think maybe that's just what's gonna ultimately happen, is that this all gets settled
out of court to stop this from happening?
It all depends-
It seems like 90% of the game lawsuit stories end up settled out of court.
It all depends whether they feel they're in the right or not.
If Sony knows that they have no chance at winning this, then they probably won't fight
it, but if they think that they're in the right and they don't need to pay them any
royalties or whatever, they're gonna fight it, because it saves them money if they don't
want to pay these royalties on every single console shipped.
How damaging is this to Sony, do you think?
Because I look at this and go, well, if they can't ship it to stores, they're still okay
for a little bit, because stores have what's on hand.
Come on, it's just a shortage for ten days.
It's no big deal.
It's not like the PlayStation 3 has a must-have game coming out this week or something.
People deal with shortages on stuff for a lot longer than ten days.
I mean, look at the Wii, and it's just fine.
I doubt this will make any sort of impact.
Everybody likes reporting on this stuff because, haha, Sony's getting their taste of legal
battles since they're suing GeoHot and stuff like that, whatever.
It's just another lawsuit, but at least this time it's not just something stupid like some
no-name company sitting on patents for a while and going, oh, hey, we invented, you know,
we patented controller.
That's true, you can't say this is so much a patent troll thing.
No, this is not.
Interesting.
All right, well, we'll see what comes of this, the legal team at Sony working overtime these
next couple weeks for sure.
Big, big gaming news, and kind of always divisive when I talk about Apple.
And Apple did announce the iPad 2 is coming out March 11th, and you bet this is gaming
news because, you know, a lot of folks are gaming on the Apple these days with the iPhone
and the iOS, you know, big, big system.
Controversial too if you want to get into the whole fact that they charge very little
for the games on the iPhone and some people have a problem with that as we learn GDC this
week.
But I digress.
iPad 2 was announced this week.
It is coming out on March 11th.
It will cost you anywhere between $629 and $829.
If you want a unit with 3G, lowest you can go though is $499 if you want the Wi-Fi only
up to $699.
Just throwing it out there too, if you wanted to get the original iPad, those are now sliced
in price by $100.
So those are now out as well.
Some of the big things that are supposed to be coming out with the iPad 2, it's not just
the fancy colors, but of particular interest is this cable that will allow you to hook
up the iPad to your television and get the output in 1080p display, which is making a
lot of people very excited.
You know, of course streaming movies that are on the device makes it very easy to kind
of bypass the Mac Mini, or I'm sorry, not the Mac Mini, the Apple TV and so forth in
order to do that.
But a lot of people also wondering, could this have some feature for games going with
it where you could use the cord to have the iPad as a control device for something on
your TV?
Angry Birds HD?
No, I mean, because who wants to be tethered to a TV?
You know, unless they have some sort of wireless thing, it's not.
Which, quite frankly, I'm surprised they don't through the whole Apple TV thing that we've
seen.
They may later on.
I mean, they can stream stuff through Apple TV, and it could be something that comes through
iOS later on, but...
I mean, we did have the story last week or two weeks ago about the whole people were
playing PS3 games through the iOS, was a whole thing that had been set up.
So I mean, the technology is getting there, and that has nothing to do with Apple themselves.
That was kind of a filed-in-a-hack-and-crack bin.
Yeah, but that's a little in the reverse.
That's not necessarily...
I mean, playing PlayStation 1 emulated games, that's through the actual system that's running
that.
But streaming stuff from the PlayStation 3, though, that's a little bit different.
That's just streaming video.
And I mean, I'm sure that obviously since the iPad 2 is a dual-core system, I'm sure
it can handle streaming stuff.
But as far as the Apple TV goes, I mean, I think it's just like an Intel Atom little
box.
I mean, it's just...
I don't think it has enough oomph to do 1080p.
I think it's capped at 720 because I think that's what iTunes is.
The ones that are out there now, yeah, 720.
Let me throw this question out there to you guys here in studio and the chat room at chat.orangelaundry.com.
There's been a lot of talk this week with this news and in the game blogs and so forth
about the 3DS, which we'll get into some of that news in a little while, and the iPad
2.
Both had these major press conferences on the same day, literally within an hour of
each other, and somewhat of a dig at Apple coming from Nintendo, and kind of a lot of
both these devices coming out in March, and a lot of talk about kind of the future of
handheld gaming.
What do you guys kind of think?
Does the 3DS really have to worry about iPad 2 or vice versa, or do these things kind of
coexist and neither really has to really worry about the other, so why are they dogging on
each other?
I think it's the latter, but you know how companies are.
They like to look for drama where there isn't.
And on top of that, the rivalry is only good for both of them.
Establishing some type of farcical rivalry.
Unfortunately, Nintendo will never be able to compete with Apple as far as their online
marketplace goes, because their online marketplace is open.
It's an open marketplace for all these developers to basically create these games, submit them,
get approval, and then they are up on the marketplace really quickly.
That's why you get hundreds of apps each day on that marketplace.
Now granted, not all of them are great, but you know what?
That should be up to the consumer to decide what's good, and they have a good review system
I think in place on the app store that it's pretty easy to find what you're looking for
and know if it's crap or not.
But see, that's what Nintendo needs, because unfortunately you're never going to be able
to compete at the level with these guys if you're just releasing three games a week on
that.
And I'm sorry, but the virtual console stuff, at this point you know what?
You should just get the rights where you can, and it really shouldn't take much.
You've got an emulator built, just dump the ROMs, go, go, go.
To PlayDevil's advocate though, what if it were three quality games a week?
I'm talking Angry Birds, Cut the Rope, the stuff that's really good on iOS, of which
there isn't much, but there are some really, really good games on there.
There are good games on the iOS platform, and it's just some of these games that people
just decide that they like.
Angry Birds I don't think is a great game.
I'm sorry, it's a game that's popular.
It's a trading game is what it is.
But the public disagrees.
Public's dumb.
It's selling very well.
I don't think it's all that either, I prefer Cut the Rope, but I can say okay, it's selling
like shit tons of copies.
And you know what though?
I wouldn't be surprised, and there's no reason why they can't have Angry Birds on the Nintendo
DS.
Right now, on the DSi, why can't they have Angry Birds on there?
I mean, PSP has it, it was a download game, it came out way later, but that's even the
problem with the PSP, they're a little online stuff, it's so closed that they just can't
get games fast enough.
They need to really open it up, I think the closest thing to the app store is probably
the Xbox Indie games, because your release is there, you're seeing a lot of games coming
out.
A lot of crap, but that's the same with the app store, a lot of it is crap.
But if you open it up, a lot more stuff comes out, and yeah, you're gonna get a lot of crappy
games, but you're also gonna get a lot of good games, and if you're smart, and know
how to highlight those good games, and know how to push that platform forward, then that
is good for you.
The problem with Nintendo though is, is if they do that, and they start pushing that
platform forward, who's gonna want to pay $50 for a game?
Because then they can just get some really quality games for like 99 cents, or a few
bucks instead of $50.
Why should I pay $50 for a 3DS game like Zelda?
Because it's 3D!
So what if it's 3D?
Doesn't mean that those digital download games aren't 3D, they could easily program for 3D,
just like there's gonna be indie games that are gonna support the Kinect, eventually,
once they open it up for everybody.
Why should I have to pay that kind of money?
And that's what they're complaining about.
They're complaining about the fact that they think that these games are devaluing their
games.
Well, why do you think that?
Because obviously if you think your games are so much better, then how would they devalue
your games?
Oh!
Because they're not...
Your games aren't that much better.
That's the problem.
Is, you know, you've spent all this money on developing these games, they're just okay.
I mean...
Let's go to comments from our chat room.
Chat.orangelandtrader.com for some comments.
Dark Tetsuya says, I think Nintendo's just jealous because they can't keep releasing
all new hardware after a year the way Apple seems to.
They don't need to!
They do!
But they do!
The DS Lite, the DS Lite in new colors, the DSi, the XL...
As of lately, I would say they have been doing something new every year.
Yeah, the XL...
But, see, that's even retarded too, because what's the point of making the system larger?
How is this supposed to, you know, drive sales for you guys?
I never understood that.
Let's make a portable system larger now.
What?
Why?
It's just like, oh, let's make the Game Boy micro.
Game Guru says Nintendo pretty much dumped every game they do own on the Virtual Console.
Or at least, well, every game they could dump.
I guess maybe a dig at Earthbound because of the whole trouble there.
They're not thinking...
The problem is they're a step behind when it comes to, well, they're a few steps behind
when it comes to embracing online.
They're not where these first-party companies are.
They're not supporting download content as well.
Why aren't there downloadable tracks for Mario Kart?
I mean, come on.
And that's stupid simple.
You could easily just put out all...
Says that we can't handle it.
No, I mean, I know it can.
The Wii can handle it.
The problem with the Wii, though, is because they, you know...
The problem is they just don't want to do that because then they can't sell another
Mario Kart game because they can put, you know, new tracks in there.
But here's the thing that's even funny about the Wii.
I mean, people can, like, they can modify the tracks that are in the game just by using
an SD memory card and some software.
So if it's that easy, open it up like ModNation Racers.
Oh my god, you've got a community of people that are excited about a game.
You can even start charging for some download content, different, you know, tools and stuff
that you can put in there, like LittleBigPlanet.
You can make, you know, money off this.
The problem is they need to change their stupid business model in order for it to work.
And I'm sorry, but I just don't see them ever embracing online like that.
Let me ask you this and then kind of try to close with this thought, because I want to
come...
Believe it or not, I want to come back to the Wii thing later in the show because I
have another question about it.
But let me ask this.
You say they need to change their business model, but at the same time, numbers say they
have the number one console in America, period.
I mean, so why do they need to change their business model?
They're number one.
I mean, I hate it.
You hate it.
We all hate it.
But they are number one.
For right now.
I mean, that's the problem.
That's a cocky attitude, though.
If you say, oh, but we're number one, we can do whatever the hell we want.
That's great until Apple decides to put out a console and then they have this app store
and then you can download all these games for 99 cents.
Or let's just say that they're iPad prices and it's like two bucks a game or something
like that.
I'm sorry, but a lot of people, you know, there are a lot of good games out there that
are on these marketplaces, you know, even like the Android marketplace and stuff.
Not everybody really wants you to spend the kind of development time that it costs for
a $50 game.
Like for example, a perfect example, Excite Truck.
I love that game.
That game is awesome.
All they needed to do was release download content for it or a sequel that had basically
the same style of gameplay, just more tracks.
Not Excite Bots.
Not Excite Bots.
Excite Bots was, I don't even know what the hell they were doing.
But I know Nintendo had a problem, was behind that kind of crap.
Hey, you know what would be better if we made some more mini games in there?
It does not belong, mini games do not belong in a racing game.
It's stupid.
It's really, really stupid.
But all they had to do was download content, and they could have still made some money
on top of that, and you know what?
Games like that, even if they have download content, do not devalue their sequels when
they come out.
So what if there's good download content for that?
You know what?
People will be more willing to buy the next game because they know that they're going
to be supporting download content on top of that.
Or hell, you can put out the game for a cheaper cost and then have in-game downloads or something
like that, you can add to it and increase value that way.
There's just so many ways that they could do it, but they don't want to.
Because you know what?
People don't download games.
That's what they think.
People don't download games.
Well, I think Apple would disagree with you on that.
So let me ask this question.
How do you kind of feel about Nintendo right now?
Because I do notice you're looking at eBay on your computer looking for 3DSs right now.
So there's a part of you that must... there's something Nintendo's doing right for you.
Well I want to...
I just get every console, okay?
That doesn't even necessarily... and I was just looking to see if anybody's actually
offering up a Japanese system for a decent price.
I'm sorry but even though $350 is a good price for a Japanese console, and it is in California,
although his reserve price is probably $500, so screw that.
You know me, I like getting stuff early.
Anyways, but no, I'm not actually gonna probably buy that.
I will buy a 3DS when it comes out, because I think it's a cool technology, but I gotta
be honest, the launch lineup is very disappointing.
I'm like sitting there going, looking at the tiles coming out, I'm like, well I'll pick
up pilot wings because that looks fun, but pfft, it's like... and Nintendo's like, but
we have Steel Diver!
It's a 2D submarine game!
Oh, cool?
I mean, you know, that's neat, I guess.
Or like, you know, hey, we have Nintendogs, and Nintendogs and cats, or, hey, hey, hey,
we've got Ocarina of Time.
Like I was reading the news articles, they're like, oh my god, Master Quest is in Ocarina
of Time!
For the 3DS, that's so amazing!
Alright, I promise I won't let Dark Soccer do her story here, but I gotta read this comment
from chat, because it is kind of an interesting point.
Game Guru says, your Mario Kart example doesn't work, Nintendo only makes one Mario Kart per
system.
Well, I'm talking about other consoles though.
I mean, I'm saying, you know, and this is even bad now, as far as the trend goes, remember
before with like Mario Kart for the GameCube I think was the first one I did, it's like,
oh look, we've got some of the older tracks in there, oh that's kind of cool, you know,
a little bit of retro nostalgia there, and then they started, one of the Game Boy ones
I think started that whole trend, you're right, the Game Boy Advance one did, because it was
based off the, you know, it looked like the Super Nintendo game, and I was like, oh that's
kind of cool because it's nostalgia, and now all of them do, like half the tracks are all
old tracks.
Come on, man, that is just, that's lazy right there.
You have to admit, Rainbow Road's pretty sweet.
They have Rainbow, but yeah, I understand it's really sweet, but there's a new Rainbow
Road in every game, okay, and it's not necessary to put in one of the, you know, Mario Circuit
tracks from the Game Boy Advance and my 3DS version or something like that, they just
have such potential, like, you know, a track editor would be so awesome, but they'll never
do it, because they're like afraid that people will, I don't know.
I mean, come on, look at, here's a perfect example, a game that they did offer some sort
of editor for, a level editor, and it was so insignificant, but it just blew up like
crazy.
Smash Brothers, for the Wii, they had a level editor in there, oh my god, everybody loved
it, they had a website, they had websites sharing levels back and forth, IGN had this
big ol' thing that you can share custom levels, there was hundreds of levels to download and
play and stuff like that, it was such a minuscule thing, but it really got people excited about
the game, so what can I create?
Come on, people, Mario Kart's a cool game and stuff, and then, you know, even like your
Mario games are fun, or Zelda, whatever, but if you throw in some sort of like community
aspect to it, people get really excited about it, and I think that's gonna speak a lot louder
than oh hey, we put out a Mario Kart game, yeah, I know you're gonna put out a Mario
Kart game on 3S, you're also gonna put a Mario Kart game on the next console you put out,
I mean, that's dumb, in a Zelda game, I mean, we know that's coming, it's, we'd be dumb
to think otherwise, but they just, they have such potential, they just really are squandering
it.
Alright, let's move on, Dark Soccer's been waiting to talk about her next story.
I've given up, I'm looking at Monday through Friday.
More, more to come later though, we haven't finished the Nintendo news yet, and I've got
another killer question for Loki in a little bit here on the show.
GameStop has yet another class action lawsuit.
We've gotten a lot of money from GameStop because of employee stuff, and apparently
now people should be getting more, anyone who's bought anything ever from GameStop actually,
they use their credit card to buy it, should be getting their $5, because apparently they
acquire additional personal information, including the card holder's physical residential address,
by pairing the personal identification information with the card holder's name obtained from
the credit card.
So basically, you swipe your card, they get all your info.
It's not saying what they're doing with it, but they're supposedly doing it against your
knowledge.
But here's the thing, everywhere that you use your credit card does that without your
knowledge.
So this is me, we're gonna have class action lawsuits against the grocery store, and the
porn shop, and eBay.
I don't think it's necessarily that.
I think it's more because you have to put in all your personal info for trades or whatever,
that they're basically saying, okay, this is this person, here's this person, and this
person paid, here's their name, okay, we're gonna link their card number to this address
now.
Which is not good, especially if that information just kind of gets leaked out, because I'm
sure those GameStop employees are very trustworthy as far as, you know, minimum wage, that has
a lot of trust built into it.
They kind of should have some people's addresses on file, though, for the people that like
to sell back stolen games.
That's the point, too, is that I think that it's a good idea, I mean, I don't see any
problem with it as long as they're not selling it, and if you're on the opt-out list, then
they can't.
And I mean, if you get their card, if you want the magazine, you've got to fill out
all that stuff anyway, you know.
I don't see what the big deal is, but people are all butthurt over their personal information.
Well, privacy's a big thing, you know, especially in the past few years with Facebook and all
that, it's really come into the spotlight.
People are very sensitive, which, you know, I get it, identity theft sucks, and so forth.
But this isn't something that, unless someone actually, you know, breaks into a database
that all other stuff is uploaded to, and steals the information directly out of the database,
I don't think that there's much of a problem.
William Murderface in our chatroom says, so GameStop wants to troll me?
I don't know how to react.
Rama in our chatroom says, I hate when I swipe my card.
Some terminals require your zip code, and you can't continue your transaction without
it.
Isn't that a credit card protection thing?
It's like a gas station, I don't know if those are everywhere, but at Chevron, when I do
the swipe, it always makes me put on my zip code, because that's how it knows that I'm
who I, you know, somebody didn't steal my card.
Apparently it's illegal, but I still don't see what the big deal is, because it's not
like they can actually go out and sell your information without your permission, or they
have to let you know that they're doing it.
If this is just something that automatically pops up, you know, especially if they need
to do consumer tracking, I don't see what the big problem is.
I really don't.
Even, I mean, I really, I think that people are just being paranoid, really.
So if you want to get your $5, go ahead, that's all you're gonna get, maybe $1.50.
That's the other thing with these class action lawsuits, is that, well, you know, even though
you might go, eh, GameStop's getting sued, likely they'll settle out of court, because
that's the way these things tend to go, and, you know, it'll be like $2 to those that send
in a form, that swear on an affidavit that their privacy was breached, or whatever, you
know.
It'll be interesting to see how that goes.
So Marisa Congusto in our chat room says, gas stations are allowed to do this because
they do not store it for marketing.
We just discussed this in Business Law the other day.
I don't think that they keep it for marketing either, really.
We bought stuff at GameStop and never gotten, you know, offers and stuff.
Yeah, I've never been, like, spammed by them, or what have you.
No, you only ever got coupons and stuff when we had a subscription to Game Informer, and
it came with our magazine.
I am spammed by them.
Are you?
Did you sign up for their little card, though?
Maybe that's why.
I signed up for their card, and then I get two emails from them every week, because I
told them, like, I'm on your mailing list twice, you need to take me off there.
Oh, okay.
Never happened.
And then I also get, oh hey, you know, you can get this special, you know, this is for
GameStop, you know, people only.
It's a special survey thing, you go fill out surveys and you need cash.
It's like, stop.
You're bothering me with that crap.
Ramanarachatram says, when I swipe my CC to refill my Metro card, it asks for verification
that I get.
But not when I'm in Kmart, it asks every single time.
That's not credit card protecting their polling for where people live.
Yeah, Kohl's does that, too.
They always ask your zip code.
That is actually illegal to ask that.
That's fine, it's for demographic information.
That's still legal to ask that.
There's actually a court case.
I never said it wasn't.
Can't you just say no?
Yes, you can say no.
And then they don't.
You can tell them you don't want to give it and that can't stop them from...
Most of those people that are working there anyway will just be like, all right, whatever.
And they'll just, what they'll do, they'll just put in a different zip code.
That's what I bet most of them do.
Make up a zip code.
You tell them no, they just make up a zip code.
Just make up a zip code.
One, two, three, four, five.
You know that's what's happening.
Most of the people on the front lines like that don't care.
I sometimes feel bad for them because then they're the ones that take the brunt of all
this hatred towards the collecting and so forth.
So all right, let's move on.
More news.
Release dates coming up at the Classic Game of the Week as well.
Yeah.
So this is interesting.
BurgerTime HD, or as I like to call it, BurgerTime Galaxy, because that's certainly what it
looks like.
It's being developed, I guess, by Monkey Paw Games.
It's coming out on PlayStation 3, Xbox 360.
Wii and PC, I'm guessing, as part of their digital platforms, PlayStation Network, Xbox
Live, WiiWare.
And they're introducing new monsters, or I guess carrots, Apple Cores, hot peppers, oversized
monsters and other fun stuff.
They actually had some video online of it.
Looks interesting though.
You can actually play it multiplayer, split screen, which is kind of cool.
But yeah, it definitely looks like BurgerTime Galaxy.
Interesting.
I do love me some BurgerTime, the old school 80s machine.
Did you see the video of it?
I haven't actually watched it yet.
Is it on YouTube?
Uh, no.
Let's check this out.
I'm going to pull it up here real quick for you.
We need to be more prepared.
Let me see if I can find it here on YouTube.
There it is!
BurgerTime HD Level Complete Gameplay.
Let's take a look at this here.
Holy moly!
It's like running around this 3D looking circle thing.
All the levels have been changed into this giant cylinder.
It's a very different look for the game, but it's kind of the same damn game.
At least at first glance.
Oh, well there's this co-op thing going on, it's not the same game in my life.
Very interesting.
BurgerTime Galaxy.
I do see where you get in BurgerTime Galaxy, absolutely.
That looks like it could be interesting.
Sorry for the ambient noise, it's somebody filming a screen that's probably a game developer's
conference or something.
I'm sure it is.
But, um, interesting.
Huh.
I'll have to look at the demo for that when that comes out.
That was an old school 80s game I really liked.
I'm curious how the co-op works.
That's something else.
You guys want to see it?
I just typed BurgerTime HD into YouTube and it came right up.
Alright, speaking of guilty pleasure games, this is one of my biggest guilty pleasure
games ever and it's been so long since I've played one of these games.
Mortal Kombat.
That's right, Mortal Kombat 9, or really it's the reboot, just Mortal Kombat, is coming
out soon.
My god, it's April 19th.
I didn't realize it was that soon.
That's my birthday.
You know what to get me.
It's pretty crazy how soon it's coming out.
I just kind of forgot that was on its way out, but yeah, it's coming out.
It's coming out on April 19th, but if you want to get your hands on it a little bit
sooner you'll be able to play a demo next week, March 8th, by the time some of you guys
hear this.
Here's the catch.
You've got to be a PlayStation Plus member because they are the ones that are getting
the demo first.
You'll be able to play a Scorpion, Sub-Zero, Mileena, and Johnny Cage in the living forest
or the fire pit.
So that's not bad.
Most fighting game demos only have two characters, so it's kind of neat that they have four.
So there you go.
One or two players.
I'm imagining not online though.
The other cool news is that not just the demo on March 8th for PlayStation Plus, but everybody
will get it March 15th.
So if you're like, I don't really want to sign up for PlayStation Plus, you can just
wait one more week and you'll be able to get it there.
Oh, I should say this though, that is only on PlayStation Network.
They do not have a firm date for when Xbox Live is getting it, just later.
Hmm, could be a lot closer to the game's release in that regard, so very curious about that.
By the way, also a small follow-up on Mortal Kombat 9.
I don't know if you guys heard, but it was banned in Australia because they refused to
rate the game.
When they refused to rate a game, that basically means that the game is banned.
Well, the publishers behind Mortal Kombat, they are appealing this decision.
We'll see just how far they get with it, so.
We'll see before the game's release.
Either way, it's probably going to end up getting delayed in Australia.
Probably a lot of people are just going to import the damn thing from somewhere else.
I'll probably be out there.
Even though that's supposed to be illegal as well, I don't see them exactly banging
down doors because people got bootleg copies of Mortal Kombat.
So we'll see what happens.
And then in fact if you bootleg, I'm sure that you can, you know, just import it.
Most of those games are region-free.
I don't mean like actual bootlegs, I mean like, you know, yeah, PlayStation 3 is region-free.
So there'll probably be lots of people just hitting up Amazon or something, getting a
friend in the US to buy it and then ship it to them.
There you go.
So also on Mortal Kombat, one other thing, I remember reading a story about this this
week, I wanted to throw this out there, is that there's this whole challenge mode in
it too.
And I remember watching a video for it on YouTube and they were all talking, all excited
about this.
Where I guess like 300 levels and they say you get something super special if you get
all the way to the end.
I'm assuming you unlock a bonus character or something, that's just my assumption.
But it's like all these cool modifiers, like there's some modifiers like Headless Combat
where you fight with no head, kind of reminds me of some old tacky fighting games.
Upside down mode, where the image is flipped upside down and that's how you have to play.
I just thought it was kind of funny.
So 300 levels though, that might be overkill, I don't know about that.
That's going to take a serious investment to get through, but we'll see.
Moving on, Dark Soccer's got a story for us, then we're going to get to release dates.
I do, of course I do.
Game, which is a UK retailer, well they're going to be doing pre-orders for used games.
Yeah, they're going to be taking orders for games that people haven't bought yet.
But for when they're used.
Does that make sense?
Because I think I might have drunk a little too much chamois and it's baffling me.
It actually kind of does.
There's a lot of people that wait to buy it used to just save the $5 because it's cheaper,
you know.
I could see this.
There's some people that sell back their games fast too.
Like you know I picked up Tron Evolution like maybe a week after it was out, now I realize
why someone sold it back so quick, but you know, some games you can get pretty quick
that way.
Well once they already have on...
Game Crazy fucking did that for free.
Wait, wait, wait, oh Dan, you got to say that on the air, hold on Dan.
What's that Dan?
Game Crazy fucking did that for free.
How so?
Like you just could put your name on a list?
Like you could come in and say, hey, can you give me a call when this game comes in used?
And they did it.
But they went out of business.
And why did they go out of business?
Because Hollywood Entertainment sucked.
Sorry to hear it.
At any rate, some of the games on the list already are Crisis 2, Homefront Dragon Age
2, Shift 2 Unleashed, and Tiger Woods PGA Tour 12.
So yeah, you can pay 5 pounds and save a game that's not out yet.
Which we'll just go to show you, game stores will take your $5 for anything.
Someone probably had that copy, or when it comes out, they probably got that copy, so
this game sucks.
And you know, spanked over it or something, and then took it back, and then you get the
spank version.
You get it christened with the love of another man.
Be careful though, this could be one of those games that you can't sell back.
Like DC Universe Online, one unique key.
So be careful what you pre-order used.
I think they've got a specific list for it.
Game Guru in our chat room says, oh great, GameStop is going to push pre-orders of used
games now?
No, no, no, this is game in the UK.
However, you know if it does well for them, it'll just get copied by everybody else.
That's how these things go.
Look at charging for bags on airlines.
A couple of them did it first, and everybody does it, except those that want to use it
as a marketing point that they don't charge for it, like the Jet Blues and Southwest of
the world.
Alright, anyhow, let's travel around the world and look at some release dates and games that
are coming out real soon.
Yes, actually today Pokemon Black and White came out, so that's pretty exciting if you're
a fan of the Pokemans.
Which there are some real rabid fans of Pokemon out there that are over the age of 30.
As on the Nintendo DS.
This week actually we have a new Kinect game, U-Star 2 in the movies.
Remember U-Star was that camera green screen system that they were selling on TV that only
worked with PC at one point.
Wasn't there already a crappy game like that on 360 that had the vision camera, like you
in the movies or something?
Yeah, yeah, that was a little different though.
That was more of like you're doing mini games and then it puts you into the game, or the
movie, it makes a little short film.
This is actually, it's like karaoke for movie lines.
Basically you recite movie lines and you can play different people in there and it will
actually kind of crop the actor or actress out of the scene and it'll put you in their
place and so you can get scored for accuracy and stuff like that.
It's neat I guess and there's certainly not a lot of Kinect games coming out.
That's on Playstation 3 for the Kinect, or I'm sorry, the Playstation 3 with move support.
You do need the Playstation Eye camera though if you want to play that and then of course
on Xbox 360 for the Kinect.
Let's see, some other stuff this week.
Dragon Age 2 coming out this week, that's on PC, Playstation 3, and Xbox 360, that's
a pretty big game.
On the Wii, the One Million Dollar Pyramid, yet another TV show game.
A couple MLB games this week, MLB 2011 The Show, that's on Playstation 2, PS3, and the
Playstation Portable.
Also MLB 2K11 on PS2, PS3, Xbox 360, Wii, DS, and PSP I believe.
Pets Bunnies Bunch on Nintendo DS, I guess gearing up for Easter.
What the hell is this?
Beastly Frantic Photo?
I think this is some sort of stupid application that ties into that crappy movie Beastly.
I was going to say, there was a movie with Vanessa Hudgens that came out called Beastly.
Yeah, I think that's what this is.
I have not heard of that, but that's kind of funny.
Yep, I think it's some sort of photo game, and it looks like crap.
So it's Vanessa Hudgens Snap?
It might be, I'm actually, oh they have a trailer for the movie, I don't really care
about that.
Alright, moving on.
Is Beastly like a knockoff of Twilight?
No, it's a retelling of Beauty and the Beast.
Oh, okay.
We're talking like a Beauty and the Beast that's going to be more like the old school
TV show of Linda Hamilton, right?
No.
That show is the shit.
A modern day retelling of the fairy tale, but not with the underground community.
The guy is suddenly turned ugly by some witch girl, and he has to stay in his expensive
penthouse.
So no, be our guest.
Be our guest.
No, it's less song and dance, more emo.
He turns emo.
I see.
So it is a little bit Twilight-inspired.
Ah, yeah.
Aren't they all?
Do they sparkle?
Yeah.
Just like how, you know, Little Red Riding Hood, I don't remember werewolves being in
Little Red Riding Hood.
I could be, it's been a while since I heard Little Red Riding Hood, but I don't remember
werewolves being in there, and I don't think emo people were in there as well.
Now they're making emo Snow White, too.
Come on, the original Little Red Riding Hood, she gets eaten by the wolf, and gets digested
and dies.
Awesome.
As should those types of movies.
Atari's Greatest Hits Volume 2 on the Nintendo DS coming out this week.
Phantom Brave, Heroes of the Her-Muda Triangle for the PSP, another Atlus game.
Not the Ber-Muda!
The Her-Muda.
Her-Muda.
Like, hermaphrodite.
Um, let's see here, also, um, what else we got here?
Sims 3 Barnacle Bay on PC, in case you want to get your pirate on, um, for the Sims 3
there.
Yeah.
And then some crappy Wii games, Maximum Racing, GP Classic Racing, and Maximum Racing Dragon
Sword, and just don't even bother, seriously.
And then, because, and I gotta go in the rant mode about this, but, I'm sorry, but like,
here we go.
Just because Nintendo is so gracious for everybody, for a limited time, and this is the last time
that they're reprinting this, game from the Super Nintendo, Super Mario All-Stars will
be coming out one week from today, the limited edition, oh my god limited, going on eBay
for $80 because, oh my god, I've never played a game that was on the Super Nintendo on the
Wii, um, that is coming out once again on the Wii, get it now, before it goes away forever.
Um, seriously, if you buy this you're stupid.
I'm sorry, you are stupid.
That's right, stupid.
Just spend the money on the virtual console, better yet, just buy the freakin' Super Nintendo
on the original game.
I mean, you don't need this limited soundtrack and a little art book, I mean, come on.
I just think your rants are funnier with Mario Bros. music in the background.
That's, that's fine.
But yeah, so, um, that's what we have coming out this week, but seriously though!
They, they are taking you guys for fools, I mean, $30 for a Super Nintendo game.
What's next, okay?
We're gonna have, like, Game Boy Advance, you know, Mario Land or something, they're
gonna put no new color in it, they're not gonna do shit to it, in fact they're not even
gonna change, you know, um, aren't all those gonna be coming on the 3DS virtual, the virtual
console, actually?
Yeah, they're not doing shit to them, nothing, nothing at all, and they're gonna charge tons
of money for that.
You know what you can buy a Game Boy for nowadays?
Probably 30 bucks, including that stupid, uh, probably even less than that, you probably
can find them dirt cheap, at a garage sale.
People don't even know what they are, they're trying to get rid of them.
I mean, just don't, don't, don't feed the beast.
Don't.
It's a very beastly week in US releases, apparently.
You're just encouraging them.
All your, the message that you're sending loud and clear to Nintendo is, we like your
old shit, please bring it back and charge us a lot of money for it, that's all that
they're doing.
And you know what, people are dumb, because they're like, ooh, Mario must buy, Mario must
buy!
I mean, they can put out, like, Mario teaches, like, brain surgery or something like that.
Mario's a wonderful douche, you know, and people would buy it, because it's got Mario
in it.
Are you done?
I guess.
Are you done with releases?
Oh, I'm done.
I'm done with Nintendo.
Oh, okay, alright.
Let's, let's move on to the Japanese release dates, and we'll start off with Xbox 360 releases.
Um, I thought this was a game at first, but I did more research on it.
This is interesting, it's a title called Cross Channel in Memory of All People comes out
this week on the Xbox 360.
This has actually come out before, and it's a visual novel, so it's not really a game,
it's this game novel thing that's been ported, it's been on the PS2, Windows, PSP, all this
stuff before.
It is coming out on the Xbox 360 as well now, with some extra stuff.
So it's, I guess, I don't even know if it's like an interactive anime or anything, but
who knows.
So yeah, that is coming out this week.
Probably nothing that'll ever see the light of day over here, I gotta be honest.
But I have heard something about an English translation patch on some of the other versions,
for those that are into it.
On the PlayStation 3 coming out this week, there's an all-new console coming out in Japan
this week.
I think it is a satin silver model, I'm not sure what is coming out to kind of drive the
sales of that.
I know that Heavy Rain is getting a price reduction over there, and there is Shin Sangoku
Musou 6 comes out this week as well.
That's from Koei, is this Dynasty Warriors 6, is that what this is?
That would, I believe, be Romance of the Three Kingdoms.
Ah, it is Romance of the Three Kingdoms, you're right, Romance of the Three Kingdoms.
Maybe that's what necessitates the new console.
I don't know.
Remember, if you hear Sangoku, then it's Three Kingdoms.
You think after nine years of this show, I would understand at least a couple words in
Japanese by now, but no.
Actually, I don't, ichimi sanshi, I can count to four.
Awesome.
Ah, nothing on the Wii this week in Japan, does that really surprise anybody?
But on the Nintendo 3DS this week, because that's already out there, on the 10th, Ash
Vault 3D Nitro Racing comes out this week from Konami.
That is on the release date for the 3DS this week.
And lastly, on the PSP this week, there's a few games, Deer Drops Distortion comes out
this week, Fairy Tail Portable Guild 2, and Rurouni Kenshin Meiji Kenkaku Ramatan Saisen
comes out from Namco Bandai this week.
What the crap are they doing another Kenshin game for?
Because the public demands it?
I don't know.
But there you go, that does it for your Japanese releases.
Well, for the UK, we have a few things.
On the 9th is Torchlight, and then on the 11th we have Brunswick Pro Bowling, oooh,
Dragon Age 2, Home Front, and U-Star 2, and that's it.
Alright.
Let's move on with some more news, and then the Classic Game of the Week is just up ahead.
Oh boy, can't wait for this next story.
Loki, take it away.
Now actually, just to go back real quick about my complaining about All-Stars, I mean seriously,
this is Nintendo we're talking about here, so let's just step backwards with this game.
Look at Smash Bros., once again, Smash Bros. Brawl, perfect example, that's how you treat
a franchise as far as nostalgia purposes.
They had demos for virtual console games on there for some of the old stuff.
They had at the very least done that, you know, hey, guess what, you beat Mario, Super
Mario Bros., and the remade version, you unlock the NES version or something like that.
I don't understand, well I understand why they do it now, because they want people to
buy it on the virtual console, but man, they were so much more giving on the GameCube than
they were on the Wii.
I mean, remember all those, like, oh hey, you can unlock the Game Boy version of, or
you can unlock the Super Nintendo version of Metroid?
Or freaking Animal Crossing, which was so badass, like that was the whole reason all
of us bought it, was because you could unlock all the old NES games in it, and then it was
like, hey, and the game itself is actually pretty sweet.
Animal Crossing is seriously one of the best games that's come out in the past ten years.
Honestly, it really is.
And we're talking the original.
Not any of the original.
Not any of the re-releases.
But the original is one of my favorite games to have come out in the past ten years, easily.
Another perfect example, I might add, of a game that Nintendo has done absolutely nothing
with, nothing, absolutely nothing with, from game to game.
How much really have they changed from each sequel?
Nothing.
It's basically the same damn game presented in a slightly different way.
And I mean very slight.
And most of the times, it's not a good way.
I mean, come on, we're seriously, we're just encouraging this crap.
So you got some Nintendo news to report for us, Loki?
Yes, yes.
Goodie.
Anyways, so, we've got some interesting stuff, of course.
This is all from Game Developers Conference, we're talking a little bit about the 3DS,
and some neat stuff, I guess, but I mean, once again, you can't read too much into this
because, I don't know, for example, the first part we have here, apparently the 3DS will
have access to 10,000 AT&T Wi-Fi hotspots by late May.
Why not at launch?
I don't know.
But whatever.
Late May.
So, that's neat that they're embracing- Is that like all the airports?
I guess.
It's gotta be like some restaurants have them.
I don't know, where do you find AT&T Wi-Fi hotspots, I guess just miscellaneous restaurants
and so forth.
So, I know that when they're selling you on their internet and stuff there, but you get
access to all these for free as well.
Big whoop.
Is that how they're gonna deliver the patches without asking?
If you take your 3DS out in public, it finds an AT&T Wi-Fi hotspot, all of a sudden, whoop,
patch.
They don't, no.
They do, you have to agree to apply the patches, because I actually saw they had a patch for
the 3DS in Japan, and there's a notification you get, hey, there's a patch, download it.
So that's neat and all that, they're gonna have access to these Wi-Fi hotspots, but once
again, unless they're doing a lot with it, I just don't see the point.
It sounds good, but really, what's intended doing with their online stuff?
It's kind of yet to be seen.
It's their way of saying, we don't have 3GS, but you'll be able to get online in public
at all these places.
That's what it says to me.
And then, of course, the 3DS Virtual Consoles basically getting all the portable platforms
on top of, I believe, Game Boy and Game Boy Color, they're getting Game Gear, and Turbo
Graphics 16 games, because it's funny, because, well, Turbo Graphics 16 played the actual
console games on the handheld, so you're gonna be getting those games.
Oh yeah, Jamie loves those games.
Yeah, I've got one of those.
Yeah.
Turbo Express.
Yeah.
The whole NGP joke with the Neo Geo Pocket comes full, or no, I'm, nah, never mind, because
Turbo Graphics.
Not a Neo Geo.
Fail.
But...
But maybe in the future.
Who knows?
And I understand, it's coming late May.
Why stop there?
Why stop there?
You have a Virtual Console, you have Virtual Console stuff already out there for, like,
Nintendo, Super Nintendo stuff.
Don't tell me this system can't play Nintendo games, or Genesis games, or Sega Master System,
Sega Master System games.
Once again, this could be an open marketplace, like the iOS platforms, or Steam, or something
like that, where you can have a bunch of games on there, ripe for the picking, so people
can go, oh my god, you know, I love playing the original Mario Brothers, or I love playing
Mario Kart 64, or something like that, on my Wii, I wanna take it with me, oh damn,
I have to buy it again.
That's okay, because I love Nintendo, and I'll buy whatever they put out.
Such a missed opportunity.
They only have these portable games coming out for it.
I mean, come on.
It's so frustrating, that they could easily do this, but, nope, nope, sorry, we're not
gonna do that right now, whoa, but we may announce it later on, and people will be so
grateful that we've, you know, allowed them to repurchase our game again, ha ha ha.
So yeah, that'll be coming out later on.
I don't know, it's just, it's so frustrating, because they're just dumb.
And yeah, late May, so if you buy your system, you know, when it comes out at launch, just
know that you're not gonna actually have access to their little service to purchase virtual
console games.
Nice.
And then also they're saying via the system update, you're gonna get some other online
features that they were touting, the DSiWare service, of course, the ability to transfer
DSiWare games from the DSi or DSi XL to your system, the web browser, and of course the
eShop, which will include the whole virtual console stuff.
So let me get this straight.
Your console's not done, because that's what it sounds like to me, that you don't have
one of the advertised features, web browser and all that stuff, at launch.
So your console's not done.
It's not ready.
You're releasing it too early, is what it sounds like.
And that might explain why you don't have enough games out for it, because you wanna
push this thing out to pad your fiscal year numbers.
Is that it?
Because it's coming out the very end of the month, or the very end of their fiscal year?
Interesting.
And then of course, they're also so gracious to allow us to record video with the 3D camera,
which I gotta admit is kinda cool, and it's definitely something that is popular.
That is pretty cool.
But once again, can I share these videos with my friends?
Can I email you a 3D video they shot?
Can I do anything with that?
Once again, I don't know, because they haven't said, and great, I shot a 3D video of me doing
something.
If I can't share that with anybody, it doesn't matter.
And I guess, I don't know if I could anyways, because with all their online stuff being
disabled until May, I don't know.
I'm curious about your thoughts on this comment in our chatroom at chat.orangishunterday.com.
Akuma JP says, I think it's just Nintendo can't do so many stuff in that short time.
Maybe they really have kind of rushed this thing out, and maybe they are kind of putting
something out that they are still trying to develop as it goes.
I definitely think it's that.
And I think that they did the exact same thing with, well they did the exact same thing with
the Wii, because they had a member of the web browser, I believe didn't come out right
away.
It got released later on, it wasn't too later on, I mean we are only talking like a month
or two for this online shop thing, but it's just, if they had it ready to go at launch,
they could be making so much, it's time wasted and money lost, because they could be selling
a bunch of stuff.
And the fact that they are just like, yeah you know, we are just not going to put virtual
console games on there because, I don't know.
I don't know why they are not putting virtual, like actual virtual console stuff that's on
there for the Wii.
Why don't they put Nintendo games or Super Nintendo games, they have all this stuff already
done, it's already ready to go, and maybe they have to convert it over to something
special or redo it for the 3DS maybe.
But I mean come on, we are talking like emulators here, it can't be that difficult to port this
stuff over.
I mean come on, if the homebrew community can do it on the Game Boy Advance and the
Nintendo DS, and this thing does support Nintendo DS games, it should be able to do this.
It should have no problem doing this whatsoever, unless they are going to do something cool,
because they said that, oh hey we are going to release, I don't know, some new games or
games with 3D support or something like that.
That may be the gimmick that they are going to do, hey look it's Super Mario Brothers
in 3D or something.
Why aren't they releasing Virtual Boy games for this?
It makes perfect sense that they would have Virtual Boy games on the 3DS.
They may have all sucked, but still though, there's a lot of games that they released
on the Virtual Console that did suck, but still a lot of people haven't gotten a chance
to play them because that console is out for such a short amount of time.
And then lastly, apparently almost all DSiWare games will be available at the 3DS eShop launch,
and then of course they have some limits as far as the transfers and stuff.
It says, of course we've got Virtual Console games, anything that is rendered in 3D, converted
into 3D is called a 3D Classic, so they are going to have some converted games I guess.
And it said that, I guess downloadable games will be under the eShop banner.
They're saying that pretty much the whole DSiWare lineup will be available at launch,
there may be a few exceptions, but the majority of all the games will come over, a few games
are being left off the 3DS's eShop for undisclosed reasons.
So they're saying it's not the number of transferred games, it would be the same, they're saying
that the transfer feature will be coming in late May, and it would be the same game, the
number of times you can transfer it from device to device, so if you build up a large category
of DSiWare games, you won't be penalized just how many times you can move it, move that
same group of games, there will be a limit on it.
So I guess they're not saying the amount of games, there's not going to be a limit on
the amount of games you can move over, but how many times you can move it, so that's
it.
And if they were nice, which they're not, they would also allow you to do that same
kind of transfer thing with the Wii and the Virtual Console stuff that you downloaded,
whether or not.
To be fair, I mean, Microsoft allows you to transfer it once a year, and I don't even
know Sony's thing, Sony's pretty locked down, aren't they?
You can transfer, actually you can transfer it quite a few times, because they have people
sharing stuff.
Oh yeah, that's right.
And that's per game.
I don't know, it's, whatever, you know, it is what it is.
There's going to be a lot of disappointing stuff, I think, as far as how they support
their online stuff.
And you know what, it's unfortunately just, they could be making a lot more money than
they are.
If that's really what they're concerned about, and making people happy and stuff, they could
do it really easy.
They're just not.
Alright, well, let's move on from all the 3DS talk.
Although I am still excited about the 3D video, but I think you make a point, they gotta let
you share it.
But here's something that a lot of people are also very excited about.
That feature alone makes the device worth a lot more than I think it is.
And maybe that's why they're trying to rush it out, too, is because they want to get ahead
of a lot of those cameras that are out there on the marketplace that are very expensive
right now.
You know, they're trying to maybe get the jump on that, I don't know.
Cheap alternative, who knows.
Anyhow, I want to mention this, because a lot of folks are excited about this.
The game Catherine, which is coming out overseas, it is also coming out in the US, summer of
2011.
It is coming out this summer, PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360.
There's a preview site already up.
You can pre-order the game on Amazon.com.
What makes this game so special?
Well, it's a little bit dirty.
It's more of one of those erotic thrillers.
So a lot of folks were very excited about this in Japan, because, you know, it's a little
bit naughty, and folks were planning on importing it.
And now that it's coming out over here, a lot of people are like, what, this game's
coming out over here?
I don't think we know all the details exactly on what's sanitized yet, but give it time.
I'm sure that's details they want to keep under wraps until a little close to the release
date.
But some folks are still very excited about the release of that game.
All right, since that game is coming out in a couple months, let's talk about something
that's coming out a long time ago.
It's the classic game of the week.
We like to take a trip down memory lane and talk about a classic video game that's been
out for years and years, and it's something that maybe you should be checking out.
Dark Soccer's going to step into the vault and find a game.
Dark Soccer, what is the classic game of the week?
Classic game of the week is Willow, and before people say, you've done Willow before!
This is a different Willow.
It is the side-scrolling arcade version of Willow.
Yay!
So not the NES arcade game, er, not the NES RPG game, many people remember, that you have
done before.
This is the arcade version.
It was released by Capcom in the arcade, and it's freaking hard.
So basically, this one's a platformer, and it has six stages where Willow gets to go
kick some butt, and sometimes you can play Mad Mardigan, and you basically, it's its
typical platformer, left or right to move, press the A button to use a weapon, you can
hold it down and fire charged shots, you've got a magic power gauge, you have a B button
to jump, and you can go up ledges and do all kinds of stuff, you can climb down them, and
you can open chests, and you can get gold and buy items from the Owl Mage, and buy all
kinds of stuff, including a life pack, and a 1-up, and information.
But it's pretty hard.
I love the music in it, though, can you play a little bit of that, Rob?
Isn't that good?
It's a really pretty game, too, and the only version that was out was the arcade one.
It was a CPS1 game, um, pretty much you could fight a giant rat.
That was pretty fun.
Um, it is, uh, you know, unlike the NES version, which was an adventure RPG, and, uh...
Which is weird, because Capcom did them both.
Yeah.
Well, I think that Capcom was notorious for bringing out different versions of games that
were one thing in the arcade, but did them different for the NES.
You know what this game looks a lot like is Magic Sword, actually, so I'm really surprised
I've never played this before.
Because there's a lot, like, just watching this, there's a lot in common with Magic Sword.
This is very interesting to me.
Well, it's just that whole side-scrolling thing, but, I mean, pretty much, I mean, it's
really gorgeous.
You've got all the story elements, you even have, like, the monsters from the, uh, uh...
From the, uh, movie, and pretty cool cinematic, you know, area series, but it's just gorgeous
artwork in it.
And basically, like, in the first- Ah, scary-looking Val Kilmer, sorry.
Yeah.
Ah!
Well, and his, uh, weapon is kinda like, uh, the cipher from Strider, but, uh, it can be
charged up and increases range and potency, and basically, uh, you can also, uh, you can
also get, uh, buy swords when you, you know, stop in the shop.
And, uh, it's just really cool, although he's got, like, very pretty boy-looking features
when he plays with him.
Mad Marduken, that is.
Very, very brown here.
And Lilloo just looks adorable.
But yeah, it's, it's a, it's a fun game, pretty tough, but lots of fun.
Alright.
There it is.
The classic video game of the week for the arcades, not the NES.
Willow.
A very Magic Sword-esque kinda game, but with a bitchin' movie franchise behind it.
Although I gotta admit, I always like the, uh, video game way better than I like the
movie.
That's just me.
Alright, anyhow, we're gonna take a break, but don't go anywhere.
There is plenty more of Orange Lounge Radio to come.
When we come back for part B, we're gonna be talking about dev kits for the Kinect.
Yes, it could be really happening.
Super Tag's being freed up, and a classic, classic PC game making its way to the iOS
system.
So we're gonna talk all about that when we come back from a break here with more of Orange
Lounge Radio.
Welcome back, everybody, to Orange Lounge Radio.
We are live on this Sunday, March the 6th of 2011 for the 404th episode of our podcast.
We 404'd.
That's right.
We didn't make enough 404 jokes in the opening, but yes, it is episode 404 of our show.
But we are here, and we're not missing anyone this week like we were last week.
Maybe last week would have been a better 404, at least as far as Loki's concerned.
But he's back.
We're all back and talking about games.
We're gonna get into some rapid-fire news in just a minute, but first, some plugs for
some other shows that Dark Soccer and myself work on.
If you like Orange Lounge Radio, you might just like these shows too.
We have Comic Insanity, which goes live every Tuesday at Infamous.net.
It's N-F-A-M-O-U-S dot net.
We are awesome.
It's me and Maron Marvel and Dan Shadow, and we're pretty geeky, pretty comicky, and we're
pretty awesome.
And Insanity.
The Insanity is there too, yeah.
And some Infamy along with it, and some other in stuff.
Nice.
And Rob.
And the best little horde house in Azeroth is All Things World of Warcraft.
It's not taped live anywhere right now, but we do put out a pretty fun podcast on Thursdays-ish
and you can look that up online at the best little horde house in Azeroth in iTunes.
Just search for horde house and it'll come right up or whatever your preferred finder
of podcast is.
There is a website coming very soon.
I'm hoping next week we'll have more details on that.
We have the early workings underway.
Very exciting.
And now an official guild for this show as well.
So check that out.
This week's show, by the way, was particularly off-color and explicit.
So now's a great time to check it out at the best little horde house in Azeroth.
Loki has a show called Raising a Baby.
Well, it's not really a show.
It's just what he does.
I wouldn't have a show even if I didn't have a baby.
Been there, tried that, don't think so.
I know.
And I've said it before, it's a crime how undervalued your mix show was because you
were pretty good at it.
But oh well, some things are just not meant to be.
And took too damn long.
What is meant to be, more gaming news and Twitter topics very soon on the Twitters.
But first, some rapid news, Loki.
Yes, of course we knew the Gears of War 3 beta was coming soon thanks to Bulletstorm.
Bulletstorm players will actually get access to the Gears of War 3 beta April 18th.
And then of course, if you don't have Bulletstorm, you can also get into the beta if you've preordered
Gears of War 3 from Gamestop.
Those players will be able to get in a week later on April 25th.
And of course, multiplayer beta, they're seeing some of the beta unlockables you're gonna
get as well in Gears of War 3.
The beta tester medal, if you complete one match in the beta, you unlock the beta tester
medal, which will be carried over to your gamer profile in the final game.
Also you get the thrash ball coal, which is the fictional sport that's in Gears of War.
And you get the variant skin for that.
The gold plated retro lancer, possible if you complete a bunch of levels in that, 90
matches.
That's a lot of matches.
The flaming hammer burst, if you complete one match by Sunday April 24th.
Also the flaming lancer by one match during the week of April 25th.
The flaming sawed off shotgun, one match during the week of May 2nd.
And the flaming gnasher shotgun during the next week, May 9th.
What isn't flaming?
Not much.
Not me.
So that's coming soon, and check it out if you haven't yet.
I am so excited to get my next issue of Game Informer.
The cover game, of course, is Saints Row the 3rd.
God, I love that game.
Saints Row is seriously, you know, what Grand Theft Auto used to be as far as over the top
and ridiculous.
Not that I don't, you know, not that I dislike Grand Theft Auto 4 because I've made it over
the top and ridiculous, but Saints Row is awesome.
But that is coming out on Xbox 360, Playstation 3, and PC this holiday, and the game looks
awesome.
Well, the cover or whatever that they have looks awesome.
And apparently the game's gonna be taking place, I guess, in Stillwater still.
Also I guess there's this gang called the Syndicate, a criminal organization, that has
certain, you know, contacts in different parts of the world, and they're saying that it ultimately
propels you into a new city that hosts the most outlandish gameplay scenarios ever seen.
And they're saying, you know, judging by the cover here, nine-way free-fall gun battle
from a plane.
I can dig that.
But yeah, the game, seriously Saints Row 2 is awesome, and hell, I mean, they have a
double pack you can get for like 20 bucks nowadays.
I mean, if you haven't played it, you should really do that.
It's a fun game.
But yeah, that's a day one purchase for me, right there.
But unfortunately, you know, we do play Saints Row online, but online's not as fun.
I do respect the fact that they have SystemLink.
That came in handy when our internet is down at work, you know, for a while, or Live is
down and we can play, you know, SystemLink games.
I'm hoping, granted, that's out of five, or whatever it is, the next one has SystemLink
as well, like Red Dead Redemption did, because seriously, that saves us a lot of time.
Or Hasselhoff.
Or Hasselhoff.
Or Hasselhoff.
Yes.
And then finally, the Panasonic Jungle is not gonna be coming out.
It was kind of an ambitious idea for a portable handheld MMO system, just...
Oh, the MMO thing!
Yeah.
Nobody understood that anyway, so that's fine.
It's just not feasible.
Why don't they just say, nobody got it?
It's not a thing that...
It's not that nobody got it, I think, it's just, I don't know if we'd be able to run
a lot of the popular MMOs, like, that wouldn't be able to run World of Warcraft, for sure.
You know, they're saying, oh, it would have been able to, you know, use titles like Stellar
Down, Battlestar Galactica, and RuneScape.
It's really a Battlestar game.
And Rift, it's all about Rift right now.
Yeah, I mean, so, it just doesn't have enough oomph to be able to, you know, work.
Alright.
Can you imagine, though, if they ported World of Warcraft to, like, the iPad, the new iPad
or something?
It won't happen, but I'm just saying, something of that caliber to something like that, that'd
be ridiculous.
Well, they do have people just moving into their bathrooms.
I know, they have that, like...
There's some pretty complex MMOs that are on iOS.
What's the one, Legends, or whatever it's called, Play Legends?
It's pretty intense.
I believe it's free.
It's a freemium one, where if you want the Uber stuff, you gotta pay for it, you know?
Kind of like Lords of the Ring Online, all that.
Yeah.
Alrighty.
Moving on to some other rapid-fire news.
This is a game I really liked on PSP, Half-Minute Hero.
It's gonna be coming out on Xbox Live Arcade, called Super Mega Neo Climax.
That's right.
Yeah, weird that they're kind of changing up the name, but yeah.
I think that's supposed to be the Super Neo Mega Climax edition of Half-Minute Hero.
Well, whatever.
It's coming out, and I'm just bitter because I paid 30 bucks for this on the PSP, and it'll
probably only be 10 on Xbox Live Arcade, but hey, it's a pretty neat concept, so it'll
give a whole new audience a chance to check this out.
Thank you, Australian Classification Board, for spoiling it, as you do many video game
releases.
Check that out.
ModNation Racers has reached a milestone this week.
Two million user-created items.
Plenty more download content on the way, according to the PlayStation blog, including a parts
pack that's already available on the PlayStation Store, more track packs to make new tracks,
western and pirate-themed, more career DLC coming as well.
The party is not stopping at ModNation Racers.
Two million user-created items.
Mario Kart Wii, zero.
That's pretty crazy.
Alright.
PlayStation Home.
Well, technically they do have user-created maps.
Officially supported.
No.
Alright.
PlayStation Home was announced that's upgraded to version 1.5, and some of the new features
that are coming out in 1.5 of the home client.
Games that run within Home, there's already kind of some of these, but they're trying
to take it kind of up to the next step with low-lag, real-time multiplayer gaming, allowing
more first-person shooters, racing games, and so forth.
A demo was shown for sodium 2 project velocity that shows some of this.
Hey, you gotta admit, sodium was one of the more interesting things that happened with
Home.
I realize it's stretching it, but it was interesting.
That's just a sad, if that's, you know, what's the big thing about Home.
Well, but they say now it looks like Wipeout HD, and to that I go, oh, now that's interesting,
because Wipeout HD is kind of badass.
So I, if that is true, that you're going to see more stuff like that in Home, okay, bring
it on.
It's free anyway.
It's hard to complain about something free.
Uh, yeah.
Well, free for the first few levels, and then you got paid for it the rest of the time.
That's true, that's true.
Alright, uh, and I guess some more super smooth frame rates, better graphics engines, and
so forth.
Uh, still no word if clubhouses will actually be useful.
Somehow doubt it.
DarkSakura?
Well, here's some news from a game developer's conference.
Ninja Gaiden 3!
Um, wait, didn't we already have a Ninja Gaiden 3?
Wasn't it on NES?
Yeah, but this time it doesn't involve Ancient Kingdoms, or whatever the subtitle was, the
Ancient Warships, whatever it was.
This one has a, uh, a bloody, uh, Ryu on it, so that should be really, really hot.
I mean, really, really cool, yeah.
And then, we have the Rock Band releases, which a friend of mine who is completely nuts
over Depeche Mode is all happy with this.
We have the Depeche Mode pack that has Never Let Me Down Again and Personal Jesus and Policy
of Truth, and then I Will Possess Your Heart by Death Cab for Cutie, so.
I wish they had more Exciter stuff in there, because that one was awesome.
And last but never least, we have more news for Marvel vs. Capcom 3.
We have the dates for Jill Valentine and Shuma Garath.
They will be, um, on March 15th for Xbox Live, 400 points and pop, and then, um, on March
16th for the PS3.
You gotta wait on PS3, ha ha ha ha.
And you heard that right, for people that aren't familiar with Microsoft Space Dollars.
Um, $5 a character.
Thank you, Capcom.
You suck.
$5 a character.
I don't think so.
I'm gonna get Jill.
Pay to unlock content.
It, yeah, it is pay to unlock content.
It's on the disc already.
Thank you, Capcom.
You suck balls.
You're just mad at everyone tonight.
No, seriously.
I mean, come on.
That is ridiculous.
Oh, I put it on there.
Oh, but we're dicks, so I'm sorry.
You need to say something nice about a video game company to balance all this hatred coming
out of you tonight.
Marvel vs. Capcom 3 is an awesome game, but they're dicks for charging $5 a character.
I'm sorry.
It's stupid.
I mean, characters should be, like, $2 at the most, and especially stuff that's not
on the disc.
This stuff is already on the disc.
They're just being dicks.
They didn't even spend the time to, like, apparently polish it up.
There's no actual storylines or whatever for them.
They didn't do any cutscenes for them.
They're just assholes.
That's all they are.
And if you buy them, you're supporting assholes, okay?
So just keep that in mind.
SSG100 Matt in our chatroom says, Deadpool better make Jill sandwich jokes.
Seriously.
That's a good point.
Do you think Deadpool should make a Jill sandwich joke?
No doubt he probably would, if silently.
Now, does he ever do anything silently?
No.
Alright, let's get to the Twitter and read some of the topics that you guys sent to us
tonight.
Twitter.com slash OLR is the place you can send us tweets, and we read them live.
Not all of them, though, but most of them.
Spazinator PSN sends us an FYI about the PSN video store.
There's currently a free anime pilot, Hikaru no Go, and a movie rental, Stranger Than Fiction,
on the PSN video store.
Yeah, I heard PSN was giving away more movies.
Not that these are all movies people are lining up to see, but hey, it's free.
Stranger Than Fiction wasn't terrible.
Yeah, if you like free stuff, why not?
There you go.
SilverSonic1534 is sending us a tweet.
Did you see this video?
It shows some of Super Mario 3DS screenshots.
It looks to be a game like Super Mario Bros. 3, and then follows that up with a correction.
It's not looking like Super Mario Bros. 3, but apparently it's going to have some of
the powers that were on Super Mario Bros. 3 on the game, and they sent us a Twitter
link to an IGN video that I guess is kind of showing, I don't want to watch all these
talking heads.
All they did was show the stupid.
It looks like they're comparing it to Mario Galaxy, and I heard about how the raccoon
tail was visible in the little logo that they teased.
Yeah, and they're kind of showing this a little bit in the video, so.
Well I'm sure, you know, people, one thing they do love about Mario is all these little
like powers like the raccoon and please the Tanooki suit, that would be amazing if they
brought that back.
You know, that's kind of one of the things that made Mario Galaxy fun.
The bee suit was awesome.
I'm sure some of that stuff, it's all going to be, anything that tickles your retro bone
and gets you to drop 40, 50 bucks on the games.
And by the way, all of that information that was from IGN right there was all speculation
because all they showed was the stupid logo.
They're like, oh it's going to be Mario 3, let's speculate on what it's going to look
like.
I don't think it, of course, it's going to look like there's successful Mario games,
but 3D, I mean it's not that hard to figure out I don't think.
Am I crazy?
I don't know.
Alright, going to actdeft who sends us a little twit pic, and it's a collection of little
pokey dolls.
He showed us his pokeymans live on air.
But the question that goes with this, do you collect video game paraphernalia or have a
collection besides the vault?
So I guess this is.
Well we put it all in the vault.
I guess this might be more of a question for Loki and myself, IDK.
You guys go ahead and answer that because it's a stupid question.
To be honest, hey now there's no such thing as a stupid question.
I said for me.
Oh for you.
For me, I got to be honest, not really.
For a while I seemed like I had an Xbox Live Arcade collection going on because I was downloading
everything.
But I don't really collect.
I don't buy games just because they're rare.
I don't really have a lot of autograph things or collectibles.
I rarely, if ever, buy limited editions.
I think the last limited edition I remember buying was that Final Fantasy XII at GameStop
that had the extra little frills.
I mean it's got to be a really big game.
I don't even buy Collector's Edition of Warcraft exception.
I did buy Collector's Editions of Burning Crusade and Wrath of the Lich King but it
was at a charity event.
It was at the first Doom Loud.
I did buy those.
So that's for different reasons.
And I ended up giving away the Burning Crusade one to my friend for Christmas.
So different thing.
Loki, you a collector?
I am not a collector of anything but I have like, you know, I get tchotchkes sometimes
so I have a bunch of stuff at my desk at work.
I've got like, well I used to collect Gundam models but then I bought pretty much all of
them.
And then, that's still fun every now and then.
I do have for the last Samurai Warriors game I think, Samurai Warriors 3, they have these
little mini figurines.
I have almost the whole collection of those because we got a bunch of boxes of them and
so I opened all of them to try to create a whole collection.
A missy one though, I think.
Here's the other thing I should say about why I don't collect.
I got hoarding tendencies as it is.
If I really was a rabid collector it would be really bad, you guys.
So I can't.
I can't get rid of the stuff I have.
I have my Japanese copy of Smash Bros. at my desk sitting there since I don't need the
Japanese version anymore, the real version.
And what else did I have that's really weird?
I have a poster for the Atari Pac-Man.
I want it for a penny on eBay.
But nothing to the scale of Dark Sakura's Vault.
That is a whole little special level all on its own.
Some of our stuff that we've gotten that we've really looked into, it's just sort of like,
it'll be there and we'll see it and it's cool.
We've gotten all kinds of neat collector stuff through Dan getting some swag from the local
reps and going to conventions and things.
I still think the coolest, one of the coolest things we got was the Goemon doll.
Because we bought our Twilight Zone pinball game from the guy who owned Working Designs.
And he just gave one to Dan.
So that was pretty cool.
One of my favorite things in there is I have a little Pac-Man doll from 1982 that has the
ghost in his mouth.
I'll take a picture of it and put it up, but that's one of my favorite things in the vault.
They've just got stuff everywhere.
Even in here we've got all these Guitar Hero face plates that Dan got for cheap slash free
on the wall and just stuff we've looked into.
I mean, sometimes this stuff just falls in our lap.
It's not like we're trying to collect it on purpose.
And then Dan says from the other room, and some of it we spent stupid money on.
Alright, well let's move on.
A couple tweets coming to us from Tigerclaw.
Tigerclaw linking us to this story, I guess a quote from Cliffy B, Cliff Blazinski, Mary
Gamers, don't date them.
I'm going to read verbatim this article from Joystick with a Q, a proper credit to them
because I was tweeted this story and didn't have a chance to skim things in advance for
the relevant stuff.
In a candid talk during the Game Developers Conference on Thursday, Epic Games Design
Director Cliff Blazinski advised attendees to have an educated gut and to be cognizant
of the value of marketing and long-term relationships with customers.
He encapsulated his talk in the Power Creative, a project member who is unique, valuable and
visibly tied to the game's identity.
This could be anyone.
I see.
So it's more like he's not saying that in the literal sense, like Mary Gamers, he's
saying kind of, you know, be educated as to the long-term relationships you build with
the gamers.
Let me read another paragraph from the article here.
With consumers constantly immersed in an information feed via social networking platforms like
Twitter and Facebook, it's important for game designers to be surgical and devious in creating
IPs that thrive in an always on heavily branded world.
According to Blazinski, the market only tolerates games that land on the far end of the spectrum
between freemium snack games and big budget games like Gears of War.
I believe the middle class game is dead.
The Power Creative understands how to engage fans over a long period of time.
Make gamers marry your game, not just date it.
Again, if you want to read the rest of that story, it's on joystickwithacue.com as tweeted
to us tonight.
Hmm.
Do game developers, some of them need to work on the relationship with the fan and that
whole idea of marry your audience and don't just take them out on one night stands?
Or do you think that that whole little comparison is way out of...
You need to satisfy your market.
If you don't satisfy them, they'll leave.
All right.
They'll leave you for other developers who love them longer and harder.
You know, I got to say this.
Some people do get very passionate about certain development houses, you know, especially the
ones that seem to treat them well.
I mean, especially in light of everything that Loki had said a minute ago about Capcom,
for the most part, they touch into their fan base pretty well.
They have a lot of fans through their blogs and the things that they do online.
You know, they really do seem to give the fans what they want despite some of these
oversights and things, except Mega Man Universe.
Whatever happened to that?
Hello?
What happened to Mega Man Universe?
Where'd it go?
Anybody seen it?
Anyhow.
Another tweet to us from Tiger Claw, a link to a story on Kotaku about the Social Game
Developers Rant.
Ah, now I did hear about this.
Apparently, there was a panel at Game Developers Conference where a bunch of the folks that
develop for these social game companies like Zynga and Playdom and all this, they basically
got up and said, hey, you know what, stop picking on us.
Screw you.
We're not that bad.
And it was just this whole panel.
Kind of sounds like straight out of like a really bad panel at an anime convention or
something where it's just dudes up on a stage ranting about shit they don't like.
It's kind of like what they did here, but it was about like social network and why do
people always pick on us type of thing.
Interesting.
So they also did a little mini game where the developers were encouraged, I'm sorry,
the people attending the panels were encouraged to collect coins and whoever could get the
most coins got to do a rant of their own, which is kind of funny because that's kind
of like how a social game would actually work.
So ha.
So there you go.
Is that it for tweets?
Oh no, one last tweet from Blue Swim.
Orange Lounge Foodio question, which is better, Cadbury Creme Eggs or Marshmallow Peeps?
Also welcome back, Loki.
Cadbury Creme Eggs since marshmallows are disgusting.
I actually disagree.
I prefer Marshmallow Peeps because they can joust in the microwave and Cadbury Creme Eggs
are too much.
Like, if I'm going to eat a Cadbury Creme Egg, it needs to be one of those little mini
ones.
I can't, the big ones are too much, too rich.
You know what's fantastic?
It's going to Touch of Britain and getting the Mars eggs.
Those are fantastic.
Orange Creme Eggs.
I still kind of prefer Marshmallow Peeps personally.
I don't know.
I'm not a big fan of either one.
Creme Eggs, I guess.
Alright.
That's it for tweets.
Twitter.com slash O-L-R.
In the meantime, let's get back into some other video game news before we get to the
mailbag, the FUs, and of course your phone calls.
Alright.
So this is kind of neat and kind of along the lines of stuff that they were pimping
out before.
Of course, the Kinect, there is supposed to be a dev kit coming officially for Microsoft,
but until then, there's going to be another dev kit coming out from a different company.
The dev kit is called ISU, or I guess the software platform, ISU which stands for the
interface is you, and of course it's Soft Connect's 3D gesture recognition software
development kit, now available for qualified developers, and they can license it for free.
It says they'll work with all 3D depth sensing devices, which includes support for the Kinect,
and I guess it's a strictly non-commercial software development kit, and commercial version
of course can be purchased from them as well, but that's kind of neat, and it says there's
going to be different ones actually coming out from Evaloos, PrimeSense, and of course
Microsoft.
So neat to see that there's going to be some, I'm actually, I'd be kind of curious to see
what the first like real retail game that comes out that supports Kinect, that'd be
kind of neat.
And then of course, not to be outdone by that, PlayStation, the PlayStation Move I should
say, they actually have some tools as well to be able to program stuff that supports
the PlayStation, iCamera, and the Move controllers.
It's called MoveMe, and it's a software tool that's going to be using the PlayStation Move
technology to create unique applications, and of course it's coming soon.
They're saying that MoveMe is going to be a downloadable application for the PS3 that
allows researchers, students, hobbyists, developers, or anyone the ability to develop for the PlayStation
Move, and they said they want to see what innovative applications programs can create
using the PlayStation Move controller, the PS3 system, and the PlayStation iCamera, and
the PC.
So apparently it's going to be available on the PlayStation Network this spring, but people
that are interested will be able to apply for it as well.
You can go to, I believe, usplaystation.com slash ps3 slash playstation dash move slash
move dash me, and check that out.
That's kind of neat.
What do you think will ultimately come of this?
Maybe some applications or whatever.
I think there's a lot of stuff that they could do with the PlayStation that they're not.
I mean, remember like a long time ago, they were showing some of the stuff, even what
they could do with the PlayStation iCamera.
Like they're all, hey look, we made a combat game.
It was the developers for the PlayStation i stuff.
They're showing, hey look, we can make a combat game where you draw, you know, your tanks
that you use and you can scan them in and play a game with it.
They did all those cool tech demos, but never released them.
It's like, you know, you could have done something cool with that, but no.
Do you see more like bite-sized applications coming maybe to the PlayStation Network?
They should.
That was the whole point with like even on the PSP, how they have the PlayStation Network
on the PSP and they have the PSP minis and stuff.
It was supposed to be more of like those bite-sized applications.
I'm hoping that, you know, they kind of look at the next PlayStation Portable as, hey,
you know what, we're going to try to make this thing more like a smartphone or something
where we're going to have not only the applications that are going to be games, but we're also
going to have, you know, like a Twitter program or, you know, a Facebook program or, you know,
a bunch of other stuff that people can develop like, you know, just non-gaming applications
for.
And I think that's smart.
And I think that should really be on all portable systems that are coming out, Nintendo.
It just, it makes sense.
It's just what, you know, that kind of industry's popular for now is applications.
People love their applications.
Alright.
Well, on a completely different kind of topic, we're going to talk about kind of a cleanup
that's going on on Xbox Live right now.
No, they're not cleaning out games or anything, but they are cleaning out gamertags.
You know, Xbox Live has been around quite a while.
It's been around, what, since about, uh, 02 was when it launched, right?
So it's been around, well, about as long as Orange Launch Radio has.
And amongst that time, they have collected a lot of gamertags that really just didn't
end up getting used because people changed them or, what, they made them on the old Xbox
and never really migrated them or what have you.
So Major Nelson made an announcement, uh, this week that they have begun the process
of making previously used and unavailable Xbox Live gamertags available.
They're not saying what meets the qualifications for dead.
I am assuming that ones that were used on the old Xbox, because old Xbox Live is gone,
that never migrated to a 360 account, I'm assuming that's what qualifies, but it's a
huge assumption.
Um, I think part of what definitely falls into this, people that changed their name,
their old name would still be unavailable, so I think a lot of that is kind of getting
moved permanently.
So, uh, the, also it's stressed on here, uh, the process will take time to complete.
They will, will not be able to tell you when a gamertag that you want is available.
You should always check back regularly because they are reviving gamertags daily.
You can go into the Xbox channel and change gamertag to see if the gamertag you want is
available.
I tried to get Major Nelson, but it was taken.
So there you go.
I did notice though, one name I would be interested in changing to was available.
So uh, who knows?
I'm not sure how I feel about $10 just to change my gamertag, but you never know, we'll
see.
Anything's possible.
Would anyone, would anyone try to change their name to something else?
Loki, you should see if maybe Loki without the OLR is available.
It's not, I'm sure it's not.
Well, and even still, it's, it's fine.
I'll leave it as is.
Yeah.
I'm happy with mine.
I don't really play that much because it sort of kills me.
Yeah.
Makes my hands hurt, which, uh, nevermind.
All right, anyhow, let's move on with some more stories, Darth Zira.
Well today's other story is Metal Cthulhu.
No, I'm just kidding.
Um, Another World.
You remember this game?
It came out in the nineties.
Oh my God.
I do remember that game.
It was, it was epic when it came out.
Well, it's, it actually first came out in 1991.
It was a cinematic sci-fi side-scroller, and it's going to be brought up to date to come
out for iPhone and iPad.
It's being ported by Dotemu, so, uh, it, they haven't said anything about new features,
but they're saying that they want it to be the best experience on iOS.
Sorry, I'm looking at a video on YouTube of this game being played, actually, so I can
kind of re- take, take me back a little bit, let me skip ahead, this is somebody playing
it on an Amiga.
Sorry.
Well, it, it really is a pretty game, I mean, it's, it was great, and this is, uh, supposed
to be just a big, uh, a big ol' update.
And they're also working on, um, an Ubisoft, uh, game called From Dust that's gonna be
out on PC, and PSN, and Xbox Live Arcade.
Nice.
But, dude, another world.
This game was kind of like, um, a souped-up version of, uh, Prince of Persia, but, like,
I, that's really, it's like Prince of Persia in space, but with epic cutscenes involved,
I don't know.
Kind of a little flashback, too, what that came out after.
Yeah.
Running away from a killer bear.
Yeah, this game was so epic when it came out.
Wasn't, like, Out of This World or something like that.
Um, it was called, uh, oh, in the States.
Yeah, in the US it was called Out of This World.
Another world was the UK release.
Yet I still know it by that name.
Yeah.
Anyhow.
Very cool.
Uh, Salacious Pop in our chatroom says, that game is fucking amazing, but it's hard as
fuck.
I have no idea how you can play it without tactical, tactile controls.
And I got the HD version they put out, like, four years ago.
I didn't realize they'd done a remake already.
And damn good point.
It's cool that they're putting it out again in nostalgia and all that on the iOS, but
again, no joystick means hard game is very, very hard.
So I don't know.
We'll see.
Um, anyhow, uh, let's move on with a few more stories.
The mailbag is coming up as well as the Skype line.
Um, so they've got, uh, some cool stuff coming to OnLive.
Um, some of the things that they announced at Game Developers Conference, uh, that they're
gonna be offering to developers that want to put their games on to the platform.
They're saying, uh, voice chat, game invite for multiplayer games, uh, the ability to
directly upload brag clips to YouTube, and then also achievements, um, which they're
guessing is gonna be stuff derived from console versions, um, but, you know, hey, if they
want to put up an old retro game or something like that and add achievements to it, they
can.
And then, um, also they're gonna allow, uh, developers to let their games support wireless
controllers when played on mobile devices such as the iPad, iPhone, um, or Android powered,
um, phones or tablets.
Basically they need some controllers for some of those devices.
Kind of interesting though how this thing is like kind of turning into a gaming console
like in reverse, like the way it kind of all mapped out and like now they have the, you
know, the streaming thing and now they're talking about voice chat.
But the lineup of games, if I'm not mistaken, is still relatively weak for this console,
right?
I mean, there's a few good ones in there, but it's not like you have the gigantic array
of games like it's available on most gaming consoles.
That's true.
I mean, it didn't launch that long ago, it was like a few months ago.
True.
So, I don't know, they're doing alright, I think.
I think they're making progress and it's definitely been, you know, it works, so.
I think it's worked a lot better than anybody thought it would.
I think a lot of people wrote this thing off when it first came out, or before it came
out really.
So.
Hmm.
Well, we'll see what continues with that.
It's neat that they're still going with it.
That type of device though, um, you know how they have the micro console and stuff like
that, if they can do MMOs on that, that's how you would get a device like the Jungle,
where it would basically be something that runs on a server, you know, at some company
or whatever, like World of Warcraft or something like that, and you have your controls on there,
it's very limited, but you don't need to have the powerhouse of like, you know, a tablet
or whatever in this device, because all it's doing is streaming stuff over wifi.
Although I don't know if you can do that over wifi very well, it would be pretty slow.
But um, you know, once, once our internet catches up to the speeds that there are in
other countries, you know, it might be a little bit different, you know, 5G, 6G, whatever
the next, you know, speed increase that we're going to see here, stupid 4G, but yeah, once
it gets up to that, then you'll see stuff like that happening.
Alright, well, let's move on to another quick story before we get to the mailbag, and this
is about the game DJ Max.
It's a music game, of course on the PSP, has a very cult-like following, of course a lot
of the folks that followed BeatMania 2DX and DDR back in the day still follow this series.
It's filled with a lot of Korean music, K-pop and so forth, and the music's pretty popular
amongst the crowd, but usually there's not a real legitimate, anyway, way to get the
music outside of Korea.
Well guess what?
Starting in March, it was announced, Pentavision has announced that the soundtracks for DJ
Max are going to be published on iTunes.
Three albums followed by a new album every week, I guess until they get caught up, because
that's a lot of albums, but there have been quite a few DJ Max games at this point, so
fans of that series are going to be very happy that they get their nice CD-quality sound
out of iTunes.
That'll be pretty cool, if they didn't already get it through other means from the Korean
albums.
That's pretty cool.
You know iTunes has been doing a lot of different Japanese pop artists, like the really big
names like Ayumi and Gokt and...
Yeah, I bought an Ayumi song on there not that long ago, it's kind of funny.
I got a Lark and Seal album, like a while back.
They also do a lot of video game soundtracks.
It's interesting to me that they don't have a gaming section in their store.
Maybe I missed it.
I think there is a soundtracks section, so maybe it's buried in there and I've just missed
it, but there's more and more gaming soundtracks on there, like the Pac-Man Championship Edition,
the Deluxe that has the awesome techno music.
That soundtrack's on there, you can get that, and there's, you know, pretty much every Final
Fantasy soundtrack's on there now.
You know, in some of the newer games, DDR has soundtracks on there now, so a lot of
games have been showing up.
Warcraft has a soundtrack there too.
Lots of games starting to get showing up on iTunes, so it's kind of neat.
Yeah.
Especially for those that like the music in their games, I wish there's a lot of really
good stuff that the mass market doesn't often get to hear, so that's pretty cool.
So maybe it will expose more fans to DJ Max.
I guess that's the ultimate goal for this.
We'll see.
Might be.
Might be.
Before we get to the mailbag here in a minute, I wanted to back up a minute, because we were
talking about Out of This World or Another World.
Do you think there's any other PC games that ought to be coming out for iOS that maybe
they've missed?
Because that's definitely a classic.
Loom.
Loom.
Loom.
Didn't they, they did something.
I guess it was a hack.
Loom's on Steam.
It was like a hack.
Oh yeah, it's on Steam.
I want to say there was like a hack for the iOS or something.
Of course.
You know I got Loom on Steam.
Somebody wants to hack the old LucasArts stuff for that.
You know, I actually have a copy of Loom for PC.
I bought it on eBay.
Nice.
Because I love that game.
It's pretty nice.
I hardly remember how to play it, because of all the chords and stuff, and I've remembered
some of the chords and I do them way too early, but Loom would be fun one.
Scorched Earth.
Yes!
Oh man, it's been years since I've played Scorched Earth, absolutely.
What about Phantasmagoria?
That's not outside the realm of possibility.
There was a news on that not that long ago.
I know they brought out the seventh guest, which I know it's a completely different company,
but for some reason these go together in my mind, and they were talking about the eleventh
hour, and I want to say around that same time we had heard something about Phantasmagoria.
So that'd be pretty cool if that were to come out for iOS.
The point-and-click games would lend themselves much better to the iOS system.
So maybe like Chirandia would be awesome if we could get that.
Obviously, you know, I gotta say King's Quest would be kind of neat.
And there was the whole Flash versions that got shut down, so we know it's kind of possible.
Good Ol' Games had a Phantasmagoria for digital download last year.
Maybe that's why we reported on it.
They do have the SCUMM emulator, so for jailbroken devices.
And you know me, I'd like to see more classic Commodore 64 games show up outside of just
the emulator.
There's the emulator that's available, but it keeps going up and down and up and down.
I don't even know if it's still on the store right now.
They also have... there's some other emulator that was out there that was...
iDOS was an emulator.
I had Duke Nukem and all that.
I have it on my phone, but it's pulled from the store now.
iDOS.
There's another one.
I did get the... they finally leaked that out too.
Remember that Minecraft client that got uploaded for just a brief millisecond or whatever?
Yeah, I finally found that.
Nice.
But I don't have a Minecraft account, so I can't play it yet.
Alright, well let's get to the mailbag.
You guys send your emails to mailbag at orangelaungeready.com.
Dark Sakura picks a few of her favorites and reads them live on air.
The first email is actually directed towards me.
It says, hello, I heard last week that Dark Sakura is going to Faname Con.
I will be going this year as well.
How about an OLR meetup at the convention?
Hope to see you, Sakura.
She and I.
If everything works out, I'm not making any supreme promises or anything, because honestly
I miss cosplaying and I think I wouldn't mind doing it again.
But we definitely need to see about getting our panel.
That would be...
Might be a little late for that.
We're almost into...
We're like mid-March.
If we could swing it, yeah, I'd love to do it.
I'll probably be here that weekend, so yeah.
I'll bring the dolls again.
The scary creepy dolls.
Next email.
Hey, OLR.
How would you feel if Konami gave the DDR series a reboot on the Kinect?
The game would feature songs from DDR's history and songs found in the charts today, and it
would also feature an online mode where players can compete in dance battles or form their
own dance groups and choreograph their own dances.
Oh.
Yeah.
I think, unfortunately, Konami's already kind of screwed the pooch with that, because Dance
Masters is kind of that.
At least it's a lot of the old DDR songs, but in that whole para-slash-dance-central-esque
kind of format.
And there's a demo available now on Xbox 360 if you want to see what this game's all about.
But yeah, I think you have some good ideas, but the weird thing is...
And I don't know, did he say with a dance mat and Kinect?
Because that might be a little weird for some people.
If you...
Hey, guess what?
We do use a Kinect, though, with DDR, the upcoming DDR game, Dance Dance Revolution,
because they made it just...
We covered last week where there's a hack for it that they're trying to...
No, that's StepMania, but I'm talking about the actual Dance Dance Revolution member,
the one that came out on PS3 with move support and then on the Wii as well.
Well, it's coming out in April on Xbox 360, and it uses the Xbox Vision camera, which
is now also technically the Kinect, but you can do crap with that.
But seriously, you need...
We don't need to give Konami reasons to make more gimmicky crap for Dance Dance Revolution.
They just need to stick to the core mechanics and improve on that, or just basically do
what they were doing back, like, years ago, and they would be fine, but they're trying...
I don't know what they're doing anymore, and I don't think...
Uh, they need to just reform Konami Hawaii and give them the game.
That's really the only thing that would really get me, like, super interested in DDR again.
Put me in charge!
I will make you a game that's gonna be perfect.
More emails?
Yes, there was actually more to this email.
Oh, my bad.
Finally, it would be great if you guys would give my video game blog a quick plug on the
show, which I will be happy to do.
No!
That'll be $50.
Hush.
Here's a link.
PlayStationUK.wordpress.com.
Thanks, Liam.
Okay, Liam.
Send me...
I would like to know Liam's thoughts on the whole LG lawsuit that we covered at the top
of the show, since that is affecting the UK.
Yeah.
Maybe it's on his blog.
Well, we'll have to just go there later, and maybe look later.
So, next email.
Greetings, OLR.
This is your neighborhood turtle again.
I've included a link you guys should check out concerning Unreal Engine 3.
Looking at the screen caps plus the previews of Crysis 2 and Battlefield 3, I'm incredibly
impressed mostly with the lighting.
Being a graphics whore, all these next-gen games look very promising.
I know y'all like the retro games, but isn't there a part of you that loves beautiful graphics
in your games?
Fuck yeah.
As the only turtle gamer I know, I have to say that I get more immersed in games that
look realistic.
Keep up the best podcasts on the internet to your loyal turtle in Philly, serious turtle.
I love pretty things.
Why else did I sit through the first 13 hours of Final Fantasy 13?
I mean, really.
No, the lighting is really tremendous.
It's amazing.
You know, Unreal Engine, the last one, was amazing enough.
I'm sure the new one's just gonna be even more of an improvement.
It's gonna be great.
I don't think that's four.
That's just the new updates that they did for three.
Oh my gosh.
I thought that was the...
I thought...
I thought this is the new engine.
No, that's just the tweaks that they did for three, I think, because remember...
That's a pretty crazy poly count these things are running, too.
I don't think they have Unreal.
Remember, the next one's Rage, I thought, from...
Was Epic Rage?
No.
I don't remember.
But I know Rage is the next big engine, but yeah, I don't think that's Unreal 4.
That's just tweaks to the new three, if I remember correctly.
I also wanna see what crazy non-shooting things come out of the engine, because you know,
we've been getting some really random things in the Unreal Engine.
There's a few role-playing games from Square that were done in the engine.
The last...
Was it Last Remnant that was in Unreal?
No, Last Remnant was.
Well, I've been looking at this, and this is kinda funny since I've been taking my 3D
class.
It's just, now that I actually understand the physics behind some of this, it's pretty
cool seeing, you know, what happens by layer.
It's just amazing.
Like, I'm gonna share this picture with the chatroom, because this is a really good example.
It's the one of the dude's face where they'd start with the...
It's basically just a demo of the subsurface scattering.
It's really cool.
They also showing how cool smoking is.
Yeah, like...
Honestly, a falling cigarette is a good showing of lighting and physics in action.
Because that was clearly part of their demo.
And it also shows that Epic has set the release Falling Cigarette the Game after Gears of
War 3, and I can't be any more excited than I am possibly right now.
Next email.
Hi guys...
Cigarettes will fall.
Fall of 2012.
Hi guys, since the website won't let me post this because it's too long, I figured I'd
just email it.
Oh good.
Bleh.
Yay, DarkSakura loves long emails.
Especially after my mouth is dry from just having a beer.
It seems, first off, if I ever call the show again, I have to close the all-games window.
Twice, it just suddenly turned itself back on while I was in the call.
Weird.
Anywho, I just thought I'd give a very interesting story.
Now I know I've stated before how much I like PC gaming and console these days for various
reasons.
Recently I was a bit bored and was curious, so I decided to try out a game I heard a lot
about, Mass Effect 2 on the PC.
Now the game ran smooth-smooth-ly, not smooth, dude.
The game looked great.
And honestly, after playing out the entire demo, I was impressed enough that I made plans
to purchase the game at a later time.
A few days ago on a whim, and because of the common thoughts of how important frames per
second is to me, I can tell the difference even after 60 FPS.
Despite people saying it's impossible, but that's another story.
I decided to download the PS3 demo.
Now granted, it looked the same, with a bit less framerate, but it wasn't too bad.
After the first part of the demo, where the big shit blew up, I looked at my girlfriend
who was watching the game with me, and all I heard was, can I see more?
Her saying that about a game is not something I've seen every day.
Wouldn't I be hearing every day?
Anyway.
In fact, I think this is the third game ever she's been that impressed.
So of course I went through the rest of the demo, even showing her how much customization
was involved in creating your character, and following the storylines and how they can
branch off.
After the full demo, I found that while the controls aren't as good as I'd like them to
be, they're far better than the Xbox 360.
In fact, I would rather use the PS3 controller for first person shooters than the Xbox.
And yes, the framerate isn't as silky smooth, but it still looks great and felt like a movie.
My girl just had the biggest jaw drop and grins, so in a rarity, I'm going to get the
PS3 version mainly so she can watch and enjoy the story.
For me, any game that causes a casual person to stop and take notice wins more in my book
than something that's designed for hardcore fans.
Again, another topic for another day.
Also why the PS3 over Xbox?
Besides control, the download content comes with it, instead of having to buy it.
Besides, it's very rare that a game does better on PS3 for me than the Xbox 360.
And to end it, her final thought after I turned off the demo sure beats Halo.
I think that sealed the deal.
Sometimes having the audience there while playing a game is more fun than playing it
alone.
Well, you won't be on this week, but we'll catch you guys later.
Oh no, well, won't be on this week, but we'll catch you guys later.
And that was from Mantis Knight.
That's another one of those games.
You know, it's funny because I brought up Beyond Good and Evil earlier in the show,
and it's one of those games like everybody played and loved, and I'm just now catching
up on it.
Yeah, put Mass Effect in that same bin.
It's funny.
Now, last email.
Hey, OLR gang.
ACHP here.
I know a lot of people who listen to this show probably want to work in games.
I know I do.
And I thought I'd share some advice.
Meet people who make games.
While not being able to afford a $1000 pass to get into a game developer's conference
this weekend, I was able to squeeze myself into some post-hours events.
And let me tell you, it is probably the best thing I have ever done for my professional
career.
You'd be surprised at how willing people are to chat and network with complete strangers
who don't even work in the industry.
At a random party for a company I've never heard of, I was able to meet the business
developer managers for Q Entertainment, met a guy who knew a guy who was there with a
recruiter who is now helping me find placement as an entry-level programmer.
So if you want to get your foot in the door and haven't booked a ticket for PAX, do it.
And if you have, go look up your favorite com- go look up if your favorite company is
doing any meet-and-greet type of activities.
You may be glad you did.
Hope this helps someone as DHP.
T.S.
Game developers are definitely the most socially awkward people ever.
With an open bar and go-go dancers on the tables, they are just idly chatting or playing
on their phone.
I lulled.
P.P.S.
I wrote this on my Android phone, again to prove that you can write grammatically correct
and properly spelled and punctuated words without a keyboard or autocorrect.
Cheers!
He said he'd be very patient.
But yeah, I agree.
Some of the best parts, at least about E3, which is one I was going to pretty regularly
for a while, some of the best part is networking.
So yeah, absolutely.
If you're going to be going to any of those shows, just don't be shy.
Just say hi to people.
You can tell when somebody doesn't want to talk to you or if you're bugging somebody
or what have you.
You know, but most of the times at these expos, people kind of, you know, they want to be
social.
They want to hang out.
They want to talk.
They're a game.
So, good email.
Was that it?
That was it?
Excuse me.
Chat.orangelouncerator.com.
If you want to chat, if you want to send us emails, mailbag at orangelouncerator.com.
S.H.A. 100 Matt throws in our chat room.
There are a ton of networking panels at PAX East this year.
So coming up, I would like to know how the networking is at PAX East.
For those of you guys that are going, I want to know how you guys, you know, if you find
people or what you discover.
So let us know.
In the meantime, we need to stop being so nice talking about all this networking and
hand-holding and partying.
It's time to get angsty with the FUs of the week.
I would like to give a big fuck you to the Library of Congress, more specifically their
website in trying to help my client copyright his book.
It's not letting me do the regular copyright submission.
It wants me to do the pre-registration submission, which actually isn't even necessary to do.
Online registration is $35.
Pre-registration is $150.
Now, what do you think we want to do, especially since I've made sure that the book is fully
the way it needs to be?
Everything's ready.
We've got it publisher.
I mean, just frustrations.
So bite my butt, Library of Congress.
Loki?
FU to Dominic's New York pizza and Italian deli for not realizing that Philly cheesesteak
has cheese on it and giving me a sandwich that does not have cheese on it.
And it wasn't that great.
So I have to throw it away.
But yes, next time I will not be buying the Philly cheesesteak sandwich from you because
you have omitted cheese, although my wife does like the clam pizza.
Not my thing.
Alright, and my FU goes to those big Belgian waffles for being so yummy and delicious and
very fattening.
FU to food for making me fat.
That's my FU.
Alright, just a couple more news stories for you guys and then the Skype line at 1-877-GAME-OLR,
username on Skype, OrangeLawnsRadio.
We're not ready for that just yet.
We have a couple more stories for you.
Capcom would like to remind you that Street Fighter II has turned 20.
It's been 20 years since the game was released in arcades in 1991.
It's seen six arcade iterations and of course a ton of ports across consoles, PCs, and handhelds.
And definitely one of the top arcade games out there.
They are still assholes though for charging $5 for download content for Marvel vs. Capcom
3, I'd like to add.
But happy birthday, Street Fighter, and your 20 different iterations to go with those 20
years, right?
Pretty soon Street Fighter IV will have just as many.
Which is one of the more interesting launch games on the 3DS, might I add, a game that
I played, what, a year and a half ago, two years ago for the first time?
It's, it's, you know Dead or Alive is not a launch game anymore?
Yeah, no, I, it's a launch window game, I'm sorry, that's not a launch game, okay, a launch
game is a game that comes out day one.
That is a launch game.
I'd even give you a week or two after that.
A game that comes out two months after that is not a launch game.
That is a launch window game.
Well my launch window is four years after the console comes out.
It's a launch game.
That's Nintendo for ya, thanks.
Way to, way to spin that.
Oh, we don't have a lot of games on our system, but that's okay because we considered the
launch four years after it comes out.
Alright, Angry Loki, let's move on to another story.
This is about Steam and Steam possibly invading your television, that's right, here's a quote
from Doug Lombardi, the Vice President of Marketing for Valve from earlier this week
in preparation for Game Developers Conference.
Our partners and customers have asked us to make Steam available in more places.
With the introduction of Steam on the Mac and soon in Portal 2 on the Playstation 3,
we've done just that.
With big picture mode, gaming opportunities for Steam partners and customers become possible
via PCs and Macs on any TV or computer display in the house.
So it's not necessarily there's gonna be some type of like little hookup kit or something,
it's that they're talking about actually putting your PC games on the television, a big picture
mode and I guess a controller friendly version when you wanna play on your TV.
That's pretty cool.
More plans were announced to Game Developers Conference this past week.
But you know, I think a lot of you are just gonna wait and get Portal 2 on the consoles
if you're not gonna, if you don't already have it planned on the PC, not to disrespect
those that do their gaming on the PCs cause they'll certainly be a lot of people buying
it there.
Or I don't know, I gotta admit that Playstation 3 deal where you get it in both places looks
awesome.
And the whole where you buy Playstation 2, or absolutely, you buy Portal 2 on the Playstation
3 and then you get the Steam copy on PC for free, I think that's how you gotta do it.
Microsoft's gonna be hurting to sell copies of that.
We'll see.
Alright, we're gonna open up the Skype line at 1-877-GAME-OLR or our username on Skype
is ORANGELAUNGERADIO.
The Skype line is open right now for you guys to give us a call.
While we wait for some calls, Loki, do you have any last minute stories for us?
Uh, I don't know.
Maybe.
Um, let's see here.
I'm trying to think of what we haven't covered yet, other than my hatred for what Nintendo's
doing with the 3DS.
There was some new hackers, well not really hacker, but stuff that's going on with the
whole George Hotch thing and being sued.
Apparently there's some drama over the third party company that Sony, or I should say the
law office, the court has going through his hard drives.
Apparently Sony's trying to get a copy of the hard drive for themselves, even though
third party's supposed to be the only ones looking at the hard drive basically, but Sony
wants to know what's on there and possibly the steal information it sounds like, or maybe
manipulating the system a little bit.
So people are kind of up in arms about that.
I don't know.
This is kind of interesting also.
The NGP, I guess the games of course, they're coming on kind of a cartridge or memory card
type device.
They're going to be coming on 2 and 4 gigabyte cards with room for game saves and patches
because the actual system will not have any on board storage, or at least that's what
the thought is.
Is that kind of one of the ways they're trying to get around all the hacking?
I don't think it's going to work because the way I'm thinking it now, what are you going
to save your downloaded games to then?
Because obviously they're going to have some sort of online market or something like that,
and I know it has a second memory card slot for stuff like that.
So it might be a way to get around it, but it didn't work for the Nintendo DS.
Are they trying to do it maybe because it's a non-standard format or something?
Maybe just to make it easy, but I'm sure it's got to be some sort of...
It's partly probably anti-piracy.
And then...
Again, the phone number 1877-GAMELR or our username on Skype is OrangeLoungeRadio.
If you want to get through tonight, I would advise calling now because the way these things
go is I say the number like 20 times and nobody ever calls, and then suddenly, just at the
last minute, everybody calls at once.
And then I say, well, we've taken enough calls, so I'm just saying.
Get in early.
Microsoft has gone the route of Spore, where you can basically take your avatars now.
You can create poses or whatever with them, and then you can get jumbo wall prints of
your avatar.
If you want to put yourself up on the wall, you can get a 16 gigabyte zoom with your avatar
on it etched in, or a $60 figurine of your avatar.
And of course, the wall print's gonna cost you $150, so that better be damn big, and
the zoom will cost you $170 with the figurine, $60.
So that'd be kind of neat to have at my desk.
Not the wall print.
That's retarded.
That's gonna cost you a bit of money, though, isn't it?
Yeah, I'd probably wait.
But I'd want to see what these things look like in the size, because I'm not gonna pay
$60 for, like, a three inch, you know, statue.
Better be something pretty significant.
Alright, we got calls coming in, so let's go to it.
Hi, you're on Orange Lounge Radio.
Who's this?
Hi, this is Bazzinator.
Hey, Spazzinator.
What's on your mind, buddy?
Uh, yeah, I'm just calling in about the whole home thing that you were mentioning earlier.
Yeah, about the whole upgrades in home, where they're gonna have more built-in stuff.
What do you think of all that?
Well, I'm probably in the minority here in this, but my whole opinion kind of goes along
the lines of, who cares?
I mean, you know, you kind of sort of touched on it a little bit to a degree, but when you
said, you know, when are they gonna do anything with the club houses?
Yeah.
I mean, you know, there's so much they could be doing with home to make it a little bit
more interesting.
Like, if you look right and well, it's kind of hard to, you know, talk about something
unless you're really looking at it, but you know how the one wall behind the stage is
supposed to be, like, a video screen in the clubhouse?
Yeah.
Like, they could be doing something with the video screen, like, you guys could be showing
off some of the videos that you guys have made for Orange Lounge.
I will tell you this much, the minute that Sony allows us to put some type of video on
that monitor, I'll do something exclusive video content-wise that won't even be on YouTube.
We will only put it in Sony Home.
But I'm not gonna hold my breath.
My camera is still in a box, because I don't see that happening.
Yeah, you could, you know, there's always that, and also, you know, with our own private
spaces, you know, whether it be the log cabin space or the default one, whatever you happen
to have, you know, they could sell, like, virtual jukeboxes and virtual TVs.
They'll allow you to stream all the MP3s that you got on your PS3's hard drive, or the video
content that you had filed through the video servers, or what have you.
Although I'm with you to a point here, Spaznator, I gotta ask this question, I gotta play Devil's
Advocate and ask this question.
Since the PlayStation 3 is a gaming system, why not have enhancements to the gaming mechanisms
within Home and making the gaming within Home better?
Well, there's that too.
I can certainly see your point, but, you know, perhaps Bobby Blackwood likes and loves to
point out from time to time, I'm really heavily into the whole PlayStation 3, more so than
my 360.
No!
Your 360 handle, I'm not gonna give away your 360 handle, but it has PSN in it, and that
always cracks me up that PSN is in your 360 handle.
Yeah, well, my point being, you know, you would think, you know, with that being said,
you know, I would be all over Home, like, here on the gorilla, but the thing is, I really
haven't touched Home in, God knows how long.
And the last time I even bothered with Home the last time is because someone in the All
Games community said the invite to join them in Home, and that was about that.
There's nothing to do in there but dance with furries right now.
But hopefully Sodium 2 will bring people back, if not at least for a day, while everybody's
curious and checks it out, right?
Yeah, but, you know, if they implemented some of the ideas that I'd just thrown out, you
know, I would be using Home left and right, you know.
But, you know, until then, you know, the only reason I would even consider using it is I
would have to be bored out of my mind, like borderline comatose bored, you know?
Well, maybe you need to go to Game Developers Conference and tell them your ideas, I don't
know.
All right.
Well, as far as they are, I'm gonna let you go to get some more calls, but thank you so
much for the call, buddy.
Take care.
Yeah, sure, have a good one.
All right.
One eight seven seven game O-L-R or a username on Skype, Orange Launch Radio.
By the way, screen filled up with phone calls while Spaz was on the line.
What did I tell you?
What did I tell you?
The minute one person tries to call, then everybody's gonna try to call.
So there you go.
It is open now.
We'll see if somebody gets through.
One eight seven seven game O-L-R or a username on Skype is Orange Launch Radio.
Any other last minute stories that we have?
Logie's looking for stuff for after the show, so I don't know.
I guess, is that it?
You done?
No, I've got stuff.
Oh, okay.
O-L-A is becoming a game that's gonna be downloadable on PlayStation 3, Xbox 360, and PC.
Being developed by Konami, so, you know, I guess that's needed.
I don't know.
It's a movie game.
So what do you expect?
Hopefully that'll be coming out soon.
Oh, next month.
Yeah.
It's right in time for the movie, I guess, considering it comes out like in a week.
It is being developed by the people that did Time Shift, Saber Interactive.
Yay, we got more calls coming in.
Yay.
Let's go to the phones.
Hi, you're on Orange Launch Radio.
Who's this?
Hey, it's Ron.
How are you guys doing tonight?
Of course, because when I say, you know, get through now, you know how to get through the
system and beat everybody else.
It's, it's, I don't know, you've got some type of psychic prowess.
I don't know what it is.
It's a blessing and a curse.
It's a blessing for you, a curse for us.
No, I'm kidding.
Funny.
All right.
First thing, I just wanna say, Logie, welcome back.
I'm glad you're feeling much better.
Thank you.
You got it.
Thank you.
But don't ever talk like that in the opening of the show ever again, am I right?
Maybe.
Just kidding.
Yeah.
In regards to what Logie said about the re-release of Mario All-Stars for the Wii, this is not
the first time Nintendo has pulled something like this.
Yeah.
Oh, yeah.
I'm just reminded of when DDO Mario Mix came out and everyone went nuts and bought it and
then you found out, oh, we're no longer making copies of this game, and I remember my friends
going on eBay, spending up to 80 to 100 bucks for the game, the special dance pad, and both.
I do remember that, oh yeah, those were selling for crazy money for a while, and then, what
happened?
Reprint.
Hey, even more recent than that, the Wii system.
Everyone was like, oh, hey, we can't make enough of these, they're just so hard to put
together, such advanced technology that's been around since the GameCube, how do we
do it?
Yeah.
Yeah, like I'm supposed to believe there was a shortage on those that wasn't on purpose.
Sure, whatever you say, Nintendo, I'll believe you.
Oh, God.
So what do you think about the 3DS?
I really want one, but to be perfectly honest, I think I'm going to do what SSJ100Matt said.
Wait a while.
Just see.
Yeah.
That's good advice.
You know, you asking about all this Nintendo stuff, though, reminded me.
I had a big question I was going to ask Loki in part A when we were doing all the 3DS stories.
He was so ranty, I got completely sidetracked, so I'm going to ask it now with you on the
line, Robin.
He's just making it for last week, so yeah.
I know, I know.
He's got to do double duty this week.
No, I want to ask this question, because this is a serious question.
This is one I was talking the other day with some people about is, what's the Wii going
to give us this year?
Like, Nintendo at E3 this year, we know they're going to announce a Mario game for 3DS, duh.
We know they'll be talking about the other 3DS titles throughout Christmas.
What have they got going on the Wii right now?
Skyward Sword, that's about it.
And they're dragging that shit out as long as possible.
Is it possible, not to sound fanboy-esque here, but is it possible that Zelda was pushed
back because this is the year they're going to announce a Wii HD?
No.
And not a Wii 2, but a Wii HD.
No, this is exactly what happened to the last Metroid Other M. You know, they announced
it way too damn early, it gets delayed forever.
It's just like the Metroid Prime trilogy.
They're just pushing shit back longer and longer, and they keep announcing stuff well
and too much in advance, just so they have something to fill up their E3 press conference
with.
Because, I mean seriously, if they cut out all the stuff that's supposed to be coming
out this year, I mean, well they announced Skyward Sword, and that was a big part of
their thing.
And I bet you right now it's going to be a big part of their press conference, you know,
coming soon.
Either there'll be a Just Dance 3, that they can always, you know, have.
Exactly.
I mean, that's just a no-brainer, but from Nintendo themselves, I would assume a new
Pikmin game, which is great for people that like it, but honestly, I could, I don't care.
It's not a game I'm interested in.
It's different to play a whole lot of Pikmin.
I think so.
I don't know, there's a part of me that feels like now is the time for Nintendo to come
out and say, and maybe, it's gotta be next year, if not this year, it's got to be next
year.
Because the 3DS will be standard by then.
And they've gotta come out and say, okay, here's the next Wii.
But I don't think it would be the Wii 2, so much as it would be comparing the DS to the
DS Lite.
If it's the Wii 2, is it the Wii Wii?
Shut up.
I would think if they're going to release an HD system like that, then what they're
going to have to do is do something more along the lines of the DS and the DSi, where it
plays the old Wii games, it plays the GameCube games, but it also plays these new HD Wii
games.
And why wouldn't it?
I mean, because one thing that Nintendo has done pretty well is the whole, I guess really
it's only been on the one series of games, backwards compatibility, with the Wii, every
GameCube game is playable on the Wii.
Well, I mean, for the portable systems, it's been pretty good.
That's true.
It's had the Game Boy Advance and stuff like that, and Game Boy Advance had the Game Boy.
When you were doing cartridge formats, you kind of couldn't, so I get that.
But you know, you get the sense that if there is going to be a Wii HD or whatever, a Wii
D, I like that, there's going to be a Wii, then it's got to be backwards compatible with
everything else from GameCube on up.
But I mean, it's an interesting idea as that sounds.
I don't think they're going to do it.
Why?
Because they feel that graphics aren't really an issue for people.
It's all about gameplay, and that's why they're not going to embrace that type of mentality.
Because why should they put out a new console that has better graphics on it?
People don't care.
According to them, people don't care, and really, they're just going to be releasing
quality games.
Same reason with the whole online argument.
They don't care.
People don't care about online.
They just want to play family games and party games.
That's what the Wii's for.
It's for families and stuff like that.
Well, once again, the Wii was supposed to be something that was, hey, we're going to
break the mold and make it so that the system isn't just for kids and stuff, it's for everybody,
but they didn't.
Sorry, I'm laughing about this in our chat room.
Spazinator says, Wii 2 would be Wii-Nii in Japanese.
Haha, Wii-Nii.
Get it?
That name will never get old.
Alright, fine.
You make a good point.
Maybe this will be the year we finally fucking get F-Zero on the Wii.
How about that?
No, not going to happen.
Why not?
You're ruining everything.
No, you have to understand, what you're going to get is you're going to get New Super Mario
Brothers 2.
No!
It's just going to have some different levels and stuff.
What goddamn F-Zero game?
Wait, I can go for New Super Mario Brothers 2, but if Nintendo re-releases Super Mario
Brothers 64 for the 3DS, I will nerd rage.
I'm telling you, look, despite all the hatred, all the vicious, vile hatred that Loki's been
throwing out of Nintendo this entire show, I am telling you, if Reggie comes out at E3
and announces the Wii HD with F-Zero as a launch title, I will jump on stage and do
something very naughty.
I would not buy it.
He's going to snog him.
No, I'm sorry.
I would not buy it.
He's still kissing one of the lips.
I have a Wii that's gathering dust because I don't play it, and there's nothing I want
to play on it.
We loaned our Wii out.
I mean, I could play New Super Mario Brothers on it, or Mario Galaxy 2 or something like
that, but I haven't even finished Galaxy, so I don't know why I'd want to play Mario
Galaxy 2.
It doesn't interest me.
The only thing that interests me, and this is going back to, once again, what they could
have done right with Mario Kart, is the modded tracks for Mario Kart, because that sounds
interesting.
Ooh, new tracks for Mario Kart.
I can go play that game again.
Hell, what's to stop them?
Seriously, what is to stop them, other than the fact that they probably didn't program
DLC into Mario Kart, but let's just imagine a world where they are forward thinking and
actually did that.
What's to stop them from saying, hey, you know what?
Instead of putting out a new Mario Kart game, we're just going to have this $10 expansion
that's going to add 16 new tracks to the game.
People would be damn excited about that.
That would be awesome.
But they're not going to do that.
This is such a forward thinking company that they're like, oh, patches to games, we don't
need that.
Games are perfect when they come out.
There's never going to be glitches that we'll need to fix.
No, let's not even bother putting a system in there for that.
Did you hear that David Jaffa, completely random tangent, did you hear that David Jaffa
was out there at a game developers conference, and I was reading some article about he said
that companies should be limited to only three patches in a calendar year and they should
not be allowed to patch a game until at least six weeks after release.
No, because you know what all that's going to do is that's just going to leave a broken
game for longer.
I know what he's thinking.
He's thinking, oh, if we limit them to this, then they have to make sure the game is working
and spend extra time.
No, they don't give a shit.
They'll just wait longer for it to be fixed.
That's all that's going to create.
And he should shut the hell up and just make his Twisted Metal and God of Wars and be done
with it because his crappy Calling All Cars game was terrible.
And he talks too much, and he's seriously annoying.
Damn, Loki, why don't you switch to decaf?
He complained.
He's like, I made God of War!
I know everything!
Oh, I made Twisted Metal!
You know, he's a dumbass.
He's just like Cliffy B and fucking, you know, or actually it wasn't even him, it was Mark
Rain with Epic Games, you know, said, oh, you know, he was saying, like, the Wii's terrible.
And all of a sudden, oh, hey, you know, maybe we should develop games for the Wii because
it's popular!
I mean, so wishy-washy.
But no, seriously, that's a dumb idea with limiting people to patches and stuff like
that.
I think even some companies, I want to say, it's either Microsoft or Sony charges companies
for putting out patches or title updates for their games.
I want to say, probably Microsoft that does that.
They'd like them to put out.
So I don't know, I just don't think it's a good idea.
What they should do, though, is if games are buggy, they should have some sort of, I don't
know, penalize the developer somehow for putting out buggy games.
They have to figure out a system to do that.
Make it more expensive to patch?
No, because once again, it just leaves broken games.
Because look at Activision, like, you know, Black Ops and stuff like that.
There's a lot of stuff that's just broken with that game, and it took them forever to
patch that stuff.
It's just...
A lot of times you just don't care.
They don't care because their game's selling like crazy, and so what if it's buggy or you
bought the game?
They already have the money from you.
And in all sense, actually, they already had the money from you before you even bought
the game because somebody's got to buy the game to put the game in the store.
So unless you're buying it directly from them, they have your money already.
They have the game store's money.
Well, Rama, thanks for sitting on the line while Loki bitches.
Appreciate it.
I'm glad to do my dutiful duty as a proud member of the O.L. Army.
There's going to be so much Nintendo fanboy hate mail this week.
I can't wait.
All right.
Well, Rama, thank you, as always, for your call.
Have a good one, buddy.
Later.
Too bad Loki took up all your time.
All right.
I'm kidding.
You know what?
I've had friends tell me the best part of the show is when Loki gets mad at something.
Well, no.
It's just annoying.
It's just honesty.
It's just how it is.
Game companies now, they know that they don't have to put out a perfect game.
They can just release it buggy.
They get a few more sales out there because they don't have to wait for development.
Then they patch it later on when they let people basically test it out.
Why should they hire beta testers when they can go ahead and have the public test it out
and they figure out what all the bugs are, read their forms or whatever.
Go fix those bugs and then let it percolate a little bit more and see if there's any other
bugs.
It will save them a little bit of money on the back end.
Maybe they, for example, the developers or whatever of these games, have deadlines with
their publishers and publishers will pay them bonuses if they hit their deadlines.
Why would they wait extra time to polish a game when they can just release it?
It still sells a lot and they get their extra bonus.
That's how the game industry works.
Fortunately since now these games can be patched on the fly, there's less focus on putting
out a game that's not buggy from the beginning.
Alright well that's going to do it for the Skypline tonight.
Thanks to those of you guys that got through.
To those who didn't get through, call sooner next time.
Probably could have fit in another call or two if we had some sooner.
Alright but for now we're going to go ahead and close the Skypline.
If you do want to elaborate on some thoughts though or you want to respond to Loki, mailbag
at orangehonestreader.com is a great place to do it or on our Twitter at twitter.com
slash o-l-r.
But for now it's going to be about 9 o'clock Pacific, midnight on the East Coast.
It's probably about time we start to wrap up the show with some final thoughts.
Let me check in real quick.
Any other last minute stories we want to throw in before we wrap up the show?
Let's see here.
I don't think so.
We'll have a lot of fun stuff coming from PAX East and I expect those of you guys that
are at PAX East next week, I want phone calls.
This is kind of neat I guess.
Infamous 2 is going to let you create your own missions.
There's something, you know, it doesn't even have to be a Mario Kart type game.
You can just have a game where you just create your own levels and stuff and people eat that
shit up now.
That's what the trend is nowadays.
That play, share, create.
Sony gets it.
Somewhat.
Home sucks.
But you can't be right all the time.
Alright.
Let's go around and get everybody's final thoughts.
I'm getting worried.
Loki might need to get some eyeball here pretty soon.
No, I'm just giving you a hard time.
Just menstruating.
Alright, he's menstruating all over the place.
I'm just...
Copyright.
Oh, I'm sorry.
One more last thing.
Oh please!
By all means.
And this is just a rumor I guess.
It's a rumor that Strider and Frank West are coming as download content.
Those will be $5 each too!
Thank you Capcom.
I will pay $5 for Strider Hear You.
I know, I was like...
Is this with Dan and the other room?
I was like, the minute that word Strider left your mouth, I'm like, oh, Jamie and Dan will
get it.
No questions.
I really want to play the old Strider NES game.
I know you guys don't like it as much as the Genesis one, but I fondly remember...
The Genesis one's authentic.
I fondly remember the NES one from my childhood.
I really want to play that again.
It's been a long time.
You should come over some time and play through Strider 2 with us.
On the Genesis?
No, no, no, no.
The PS...
Oh!
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Oh god.
It's such a fun game.
It's super easy, but it's lots of fun.
Fun is what's important.
Alright, Loki.
Anything else?
That's it.
You sure?
I'm done.
Alright.
Do you need some, you know, Allways or something?
Alright.
Anyhow.
Let's go ahead and wrap up the show tonight by going around in Garibay's final thoughts.
Dark Sakura.
I'm sure glad Loki's back after a C-section.
My final thought tonight is...
Ow.
Loki, your final thought tonight?
Uh...
I don't know.
I thought with a week being off I'd be able to get more done with the Grand Theft Auto
stuff, but some things just take time, I guess, when it comes to modding this stuff.
And also, I will still be angry at Nintendo because they just continue to disappoint.
I can't help it.
If you make stupid decisions, I'm just gonna call you out on it.
Alright.
We'll have plenty more next week on the show.
Dark Sakura, sadly not joining us next week.
I won't be sad, though.
But we, I know you won't, but we will be back with another edition of Orange Launch Radio.
I don't know if we'll have a...
I'll call in from the road.
I don't know if we'll have a temp co-host or what we'll do.
You have to call me.
Uh...
What's that?
You have to call me.
We can.
Yeah.
So...
On the road.
Yep.
That's it.
We'll do this all again next week, but in the meantime, that's another week of Orange
Launch Radio.
Remember, of course, if you like what you heard here at Orange Launch Radio, we are
not a gigantic website with millions of hits.
We don't have a magazine that backs us or a gaming company that backs us.
We don't throw a bunch of commercials in your face.
So all we ask, if you enjoy Orange Launch Radio, tell some friends about the show.
The example at the start of the show where a friend was playing it at his LAN party,
perfect example, is an awesome A-plus move.
So just tell people about the show.
Help spread the word about Orange Launch Radio.
Get us some more voices to bring to the table here at the show.
Don't send DarkSakura a dollar.
But come back next week for more of Orange Launch Radio.
You've been listening to Orange Launch Radio.
Orange Launch Radio is an Orange Lounge production.
To join us for a live show, visit www.allgames.com Sunday nights at 6 p.m. Pacific time.
The views and opinions expressed on Orange Launch Radio do not necessarily reflect those
of the entire staff of Orange Launch Radio or allgames.com, but we're probably right
anyway.
See you next week!
