Tonight, March 13th, 2011, Microsoft shatters sales records, EA bans a player from Dragon Age 2 unintentionally, and despite what's happened to Guitar Hero, could Dance Hero be a reality?
Hello my friends out there on the internet and welcome back to another week of Orange Lounge Radio.
It's the show where every gamer has a voice.
We do tape live every Sunday night at 6 o'clock Pacific right after the Bobby Blackwolf show at allgames.com, www.allgames.com.
My name is Rob Roberts.
I'll be joining you over the next few hours with my co-host, not here tonight sadly, the one and only Dark Sakura, Jamie Summers.
She is out of town.
Don't feel too bad for her though.
She's on her way to Disneyland.
So, you know, how can you feel sorry for her when she's going to the happiest freaking place on Earth?
And we're stuck here doing the show in her place.
Oh, well.
Anyhow, so she might be joining us a little later for a call.
We'll see.
But joining us here, as always, say hello at least to Tech Master Loki is here.
Matt2
Hello, Rob No.
1.
How are you doing, Matt 2?
I'm doing well.
Yourself?
I'm pretty good.
I feel like we just had this conversation.
It seems like deja vu, but we're not in the Matrix or anything, so it can't be.
For the podcast listeners, this is take two of the live show because we had a little screw up, but just pretend I didn't ask you these questions just five minutes ago.
Anyhow, Matt number two has been here in about two years and five studios ago.
No, we've had like five studios throughout all of OLR.
You were in the last one that we did.
So it's been a little while.
But some of the folks that listen to Horde House, my Warcraft show, might know you as Grandpa Warcraft.
Yes, that's right.
I am the Deckard Cain of your show.
Yes.
All right, so what types of video games do you play?
Just tell us generally.
I'll ask you about your gaming week in a little bit, but generally, what types of video games do you like to play and what consoles do you own?
It's mainly MMOs for the moment and a lot of iOS games.
I'm playing a lot of games on the iPhone 4 and soon my iPad 2, if it ever gets here.
But I own a 360 and I'm still debating whether getting a Kinect.
and uh but my console history goes way back to Atari 5200 and every NES system and then made the transition to PC games when uh games like Descent and Duke Nukem 3D were uber back in the day so is that really like where you like to game the most is PC it kind of fell into PC I got the 360 because of uh Halo I was definitely a fan of the Halo series until recently and other first-person shooters but um oh you say that a little like stinging like I did not like a certain Halo game that really ruined it for me is that what's going on
Oh, I bought Reach, and I beat it on hard, not legendary, within the first few hours.
I went, oh, this is going to be focusing on the multiplayer side, isn't it?
And sure enough, it does.
Which I'm an okay fan of, but I do like a lot of story, and I was really disappointed in how quick the first person went through.
But, you know, there's other first person shooters out there, Call of Duty, Gears of War, things like that, but
For the time being, it's 360, debating on the Kinect, and a lot of Warcraft on the PC and iOS 4 games.
You do anything else on the PC besides Warcraft?
Not as of recent.
I tried Star Trek Online.
Jamie Summers convinced me to give it a try.
Of course.
As a huge, huge, huge Trekkie, tried it.
All your WoW characters are named after Star Trek characters.
They used to be.
I thought you had one named, like, B'Elanna, and I'm like, I know who that is.
I do.
I was the other guy that watched Voyager.
When I first...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
I never leveled her up, she's a rogue sitting there collecting dust, obviously.
And now they're all Latin names, because now I'm a lion, so it's much more formal on that side of the... Yeah, exactly.
But PC games-wise, A Fable, I played a lot of Fable back in the day, and stuff like that.
All right, so it sounds like you've played quite a variety of different things.
I try to.
Do you do the iOS stuff now?
That's where gaming seems to be going in some ways.
I do.
At least it's casual.
I confess I downloaded Angry Birds Seasons today because I figured it's appropriate.
It's St.
Patrick's Day on Thursday.
Ah, okay.
they play Irish music in the background and there's shamrocks everywhere and pots of gold if you hit you get bonus points so yeah that's my new addiction I did download reluctantly or regretfully Mega Man 2 and it doesn't work when you don't have an actual tactile controller don't get me started I know and I listened to your podcast about it and it made sense but I love Mega Man it's a huge huge favorite series of mine so I wanted to get it because I'm a supporter and I can't get through the air stage because I can't manipulate the buttons so
Well they have those little stickers that you can put on your iPad or iPods or whatever to create tactile controls for the touchpad stuff.
I might invest in that with my iPad 2 because little buttons like on my phone and you got to take them off and put it back on.
I don't know.
They actually have some pretty sweet ones.
There's ones that were through like ThinkGeek or whatever.
They had actual, looks like an arcade joystick that plugs on there, which is kind of cool.
And then they had some that just kind of stick to the side suction cup wise.
But apparently they're pretty decent.
I mean, but really they just need to come out with something better.
So, yeah, when it comes to the iPhone 4, and my iPhone 4 and iOS games is kind of my main focus right now.
I'm not on WoW or the PC games.
They're good bathroom games.
Cut the Rope is a great potty game, actually.
For cutting the rope?
Yes.
For pinching the loaf?
Out on the iStore coming soon.
Anyhow, speaking of St.
Patrick's Day, since you brought up St.
Patrick's Day, you were kind enough.
I like this.
When we invite you to the show, you do bribe us a little bit.
You brought this gigantic beer in a green can thing.
It's imported from Canada.
I love Canada.
America's hat.
America's big liberal loving hat.
It's America's suburb.
Anyhow, no, obviously I'm just giving him a hard time.
So I'm going to drink this beer.
Since you drove tonight, I can drink a beer.
That's right.
I'm going to get drunk in Jamie's house when she's not here.
Yay!
I brought it for Loki.
Then I'm going to go pass out in the vault and watch Dan murder me.
I have to drive and I don't like beer, so sorry.
So anyway, let's start the celebrating a little early.
There you go.
I was so hoping that would explode in your face.
Hey, that's not nice.
Because it would ruin his microphone.
Ruin the microphone and the keyboard.
Now, what the audience doesn't know is it's not your average Budweiser 12-ounce can of beer.
This is a 40.
No, and it's not 40.
It's 18 ounces, I believe, or 20.
And it's a Pilsner with a mild aftertaste, and it's very hoppy.
What do you think, Rob?
Not bad for beer.
Okay, good.
I can drink one of those.
You know, usually I don't screw around with beer.
You don't?
No.
I'm just like, let's fill the glass with vodka, splash a cranberry, I'm good.
And a twist of lime.
Yeah.
But after one of those, Rob, I do get a little tipsy, so I can only imagine what my driving you home is going to be like in a couple hours.
Well, look, this will be, I guess you could say in some ways, my gift to the listeners.
Because you know what?
It's been...
It's been a crazy week in the world.
It has been a crazy week in the world, and I realize some people play video games to escape sometimes the crazy things that are going on in the world, and I like this show to kind of be like that too, that if we can give you a few lulls tonight to take your mind off of some of the not-so-lullsy things going on in the world, then I think mission accomplished.
Sounds like a plan.
Share some.
Alright, let's talk about our gaming weeks and the type of video games that you've been playing this week since we do always start off the show that way.
Loki, how was your gaming week?
What have you been playing?
I didn't play much.
I played Grand Theft Auto at work.
I played Naughty Bear for like a few minutes, which the game is really low budget.
But it's kind of funny because they have this British guy who yells out these...
Defluffication is a really low-budget game.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
The only downside to it.
And then mainly just working on Grand Theft Auto edits at home.
And I finally finished, I think, some of the stuff that I got to burn my new discs that we're going to be playing at work now.
Which is incredibly bloody now because I made the blood effects really huge.
But it serves two purposes.
Needs more blood!
It serves two purposes.
One, people are always saying, well, I swear I hit you with the minigun or something like that.
And I'm like, no, you didn't.
Well, this way you'll know if you hit somebody because the blood effect is just so huge that you'll see that bullet spray from pretty far away.
And because it looks fucking awesome.
Because you shoot somebody and it's just hilarious because there's all this blood everywhere.
Thanks for watching!
I'm thinking she should have her own video game.
I don't know, there's something about Lil' Kim.
No, I don't think so.
What, you wouldn't play a Lil' Kim video game?
No, I would not play a Lil' Kim video game.
Because, I'm sorry, she thinks she's some sort of sexy samurai there?
I'm sorry, that is not happening.
She's got big old boobies.
Oh, well in that case, she has all the requirements to fill the samurai position.
Big tits, done.
You're a samurai now.
If there were a video game called Big Titted Samurai, you would check it out.
You would at least kind of look... You would pick up the box and look at the back.
I would look at that, but, you know... I'm just saying, though, it... Only feels rated M. It's just... It's stupid.
It's stupid.
It's stupid that artists have feuds.
No one cares.
Oh, no, this artist doesn't like this artist.
Oh, no, who cares?
It's just...
Westside Rap and East Coast Rap.
Oh, God.
So stupid.
Yeah, you're all gangsters.
Oh, my God.
Oh, such the feud.
That's terrible.
Sorry to derail the conversation, but I don't know.
When you were talking about Grand Theft Auto and blood splattering everywhere, I was thinking about that album cover I saw, and I was like, I would play her in a game.
Yes, exactly.
I agree with Kitsune.
I would play a Robo Geisha video game.
I'd play anything from that company because Robo Geisha is really weird, as many of the other movies that they put out.
Since I'm very rude and the second take made me derail a little bit, I forgot to introduce the chat room tonight.
Chat.orangeontradio.com If you are listening live at All Games Radio on this Sunday, March the 13th, you should hop on over to our chat room and join us live.
Chat.orangeontradio.com And besides, a big tit samurai game, that's just basically the last Ninja Gaiden game.
Could they just take Dead or Alive 4 and all those big titty characters and give them swords?
They already got the basic code down for that.
That's kind of Soul Calibur.
or Soul Calibur.
Well, they already kind of did that though.
With the last Ninja Gaiden game, they had bonus characters from Dead or Alive and from the other DS, Dragon Sword game and that kind of stuff.
But once again, I don't think we should really give a rap star a video game.
Have we not learned from 50 Cent?
50 Cent Blood in the Sand was amazing.
I do give you the fact that it is so ridiculous that it is awesome, but I just don't think Lil' Kim has that same appeal.
Well, rap stars have their own games, and I would...
Rapstar, Rap Hero
They're the only ones that are really doing something new and exciting is Def Jam Rap Star.
Despite if you're into the music or not.
With their community features, that's really amazing that they have all that.
And they didn't put it into anything else.
Hey, we have this cool dancing game that has camera support that people dance in front of a camera.
Could we have community support for that?
Nope.
Sorry.
That would be forward thinking, of course.
Or how about...
Now's the time.
Seriously, Guitar Freaks, you know, Drum Mania, maybe you give it another go and not make a crappy game this time.
No, no.
Let it be.
Let it be.
Put it out to pasture.
Moo.
Alright.
Oh, I bet we'll get another Guitar Hero game.
We'll see.
They know the money's there.
They're just waiting for, you know, they've milked the cow dry, they just have to wait for the milk to come back.
So you're not saying, like, we're having a Guitar Hero game, like, this year or next year?
Because, no, they announced it's done, but you think there'll be that renaissance in, like, three years' time?
They didn't say that they've dissolved the franchise completely.
They said there's no Guitar Hero, no Tony Hawk game this year.
Okay, alright, that's very tinfoil hat of you, but we'll see.
Oh, come on, they think money's there.
I mean, we were talking with Bobby beforehand, and it's going to be a story we're going to be covering later on, talking about a trademark that they had a long time ago, remember, with Drum Villain and Dance Hero, and everyone's like, oh no, here they go, copying DDR.
Well, you know what, I mean, seriously, they're just like, okay, what's Marnix doing that...
Seems profitable.
I would like to see what that whole guitar villain idea was all about.
I always envisioned that that was just to protect someone else from doing it.
That would be dumb.
But anyways, they're basically just going to look at whatever Harmonix is doing that's profitable, then they're going to copy it.
What's going to happen?
Seriously, if Rock Band 3 continues to be profitable, granted the game didn't sell as well as maybe 2 did, but
Thanks for watching!
You know, our wonderful hero franchise that we support greatly.
No, we didn't kill off the hero franchise.
We're bringing it back with Dance Hero.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
They'll do whatever has money behind it.
If they can make money doing it, they're going to do it.
Just like there's going to be another Call of Duty game because it's Call of Duty.
It makes money.
All right, somewhere in there we were talking about Loki's gaming week, and I get the feeling he's done.
So, Matt, too, do you want to share your gaming week and what you've been playing?
I'm afraid.
No, my gaming week, again, I do play Warcraft semi-regularly.
I'm in class right now, so that inhibits some things.
I've got different characters I work on there and part of a guild with some IRL friends, so that helps pass the time with WoW.
Gaming week, you know, Angry Birds is really addicting.
I'm going through all of them, trying to get three stars and everything.
Really?
I... For me, it's all about the physics, the math behind it.
If I get the right angle and the right... I don't know.
Maybe I'm... You know what?
I feel for him.
I don't want to cut the rope, but I do.
No.
I'm sorry.
I understand the physics part of it and that's kind of cool and stuff, but... I promise I only play when I poop.
I do not play when I poop.
Sometimes I play in bed.
I have played in bed, actually.
I have tried to give Angry Birds... I gave Angry Birds a try, because this is one of the games I bought, and I'm like, oh, everybody likes it, so I'm going to buy it.
It's 99 cents.
What the hell?
And I didn't play it for the longest time, and then I actually played it, and it's okay, but I just...
I don't see how everybody's so obsessed about this game.
If it was Scorched Earth, there's no discussion.
And that has physics and angle calculation and all that fun stuff.
And tanks.
See, that's what really Angry Birds needs is Scorched Earth.
If you played Angry Birds and they released an ad, maybe another 99 cents, and every time you killed a pig it would explode bloody, would you then play it?
No, I wouldn't because it's a cheap cash-in, just like all these holiday add-ons.
are cheap cashes.
They are.
What if the pig exploded and then bacon comes out the USB slot on your phone?
No, that's okay.
Really, it's all right.
Keep your protein to yourself.
See, the thing about... Oh, I forgot to mention it because it wasn't really part of my gaming week, but I made bacon ice cream this week.
Ew.
It's actually breakfast ice cream.
Breakfast ice cream?
Well, it's because there's waffle cone in there and maple syrup.
So, you know, bacon, waffles.
Did you cover it in chocolate?
That's like something you'd order at IHOP where you can get dessert for breakfast.
Like, seriously.
That French toast that's fucking stuffed with cream cheese and all that shit, that is not breakfast!
I had chicken and waffles for breakfast today from the IHOP.
That's better than bacon-flavored ice cream.
Actually, any way to think about getting chicken and waffles at IHOP, don't.
It's alright, but it's not good.
I mean, it's not like, mmm, that's really yummy.
It's kind of, yeah, I'm full now.
Loki, how's your food week?
Somewhere in here was Angry Birds and Ayas, and now we're talking about frying the birds and serving them with waffles.
You said bacon!
This is all your fault.
You did say bacon.
No, but anyway, so I did make bacon ice cream.
I think I put too much bacon in it, and I know how... Nonsense!
Exactly!
Nonsense.
But it's just... You have to really be in the mood for bacon ice cream, because if you're eating it, it's ice creamy, and then all of a sudden salty.
And it's just like, huh?
Why is there salt in there?
I mean, it's a little strange.
My wife likes it, actually, though.
She likes the bacon ice cream.
She is a horrible Jew.
Horrible, horrible.
No, I'm just kidding.
You know I love her.
All right.
Anyhow, so yeah, Angry Birds, right?
Yeah, it's a lot of iOS games on my iPhone 4.
Again, as I mentioned, I'm getting an iPad 2.
Hopefully, a week's end.
I don't want to wait in lines and get it, so I ordered it online and
Once I have that, I'll sink in and play Angry Birds in huge, huge, what is that, 9.7 inch?
Angry Birds HD.
HD.
Well, it's not retina display, unfortunately, but it is HD because it's 9.7 inch diagonal screen, whatever.
Holy crap, that's a game that's really going to utilize HD graphics.
Hell yeah.
You see those pigs, beady eyes, winking at you?
Aside from that, I... The pig is saying no.
The pig is saying no.
Thanks for watching!
DLC content.
I liked the DLC content.
I was disappointed that it was very out of chronological order.
Once you pass the game, you download some DLC, it pretty much says, oh, just pretend that you didn't end the game and this is extra stuff.
But I'm curious about Dragon Age 2, getting reviews.
I'm hearing mostly good, but I defer to your chat room if anyone's bought it.
I appreciate your opinions and I might be picking up that and detoxing from WoW for a bit and then going over to my Xbox.
You should have a normal life Not be tied down to a fugitive with no future But I don't ever want to leave you Don't ever leave Do you mean that?
Would you have me here, living with you?
Here's why I have a problem with Bioware.
There's such fucking teases.
There's no nudity, and there's definitely no sex scenes.
I mean, there's implied stuff.
They just kind of, like, jump on the bed.
I'm looking forward to this.
See, look at that.
That's tongue right there.
That was some tongue, some big gay kissing.
Yes, there's woman on woman and man on woman too, whatever you want.
I mean, if we can have boobs in God of War, why can't we have boobs in, you know, Dragon Age or Mass Effect?
Because it just wouldn't be classy.
Oh, who cares?
If you listen to that dialogue, it was classy.
The British are classy folk.
I would rather die than spend a moment not here with you.
Well, then fine.
They need to, you know, consult with Hugh Hefner to make a classy, you know, topless woman game, okay?
I mean, seriously, I don't understand why they can't do this.
and you know what?
They can do full frontal for guys on there.
They did it in Grand Theft Auto in the Lost in Damn expansion.
So if they can do it classy there, then why can't they?
But the important thing is classy.
You want your video game to be classy, topless women.
I'm trying to think of a classy penis.
And I don't think there really is one.
Oh, why yes, Guinevere, this tea tastes rather lovely.
Yes, I'm quite enjoying this little tea and crumpets that we're having today.
Oh, but I seem to have lost my bra.
Have you seen my bra?
That would be the game that Loki wants to play.
Classy, topless woman.
That sounds very boring.
That would conclude my gaming week because we're moving on to another topic that I think is probably a different podcast.
Then moving on, my gaming week.
A lot of the same old stuff, Warcraft, You Don't Know Jack, and a lot of those fun games.
But I did play one new game this week that I wanted to talk about.
And if you've been listening over the past couple weeks, you know I've been very excited about Torchlight coming out on Xbox Live Arcade.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
But in a nutshell, Torchlight is very much inspired by Diablo 2.
And obviously we've gone through a huge drought.
There hasn't been a Diablo game in many, many years.
The last Diablo game was, what, 99, 2000?
Yes, there's one coming out, but that doesn't help me now.
So Torchlight was really there to fill the void.
If you like those dungeon-crawling games where you kind of get the items and socket the items, have your talent trees, all that stuff.
The one thing it lacked, unfortunately, multiplayer.
Thanks for watching!
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
So it was very interesting to kind of see that style of game now on the Xbox because this isn't really the type of game we see a lot on Xbox, I think.
You know, it's not an action-y game like Tomb Raider.
It's not an intense role-playing game like Final Fantasy.
It's kind of somewhere in between.
So it's neat to see something like this on Xbox, but they had to change some things.
There's less pointing and clicking.
You attack with the X button.
Your menus are totally different now because you don't really have the bag that you have everything in.
It's just straight up.
You have 50 slots and different tabs.
It's really weird to navigate.
It's a little overwhelming at first.
And I gotta be honest.
Torchlight's biggest drawback for me on the Xbox 360 is what they had to do to convert it to console I think in some ways the text is very small so if you don't have a big TV you might be in a little bit of trouble
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
um and uh you know just the weird having so many buttons like to send your pet to town you have to bring up your menu with start hit the back button to bring up the pet menu and then hit the y button to send him to town like it's just you know there's a lot to it which I understand that's what they have to do to make a PC game work on the Xbox 360 with minimal um you know kind of loss you know you don't want the game to lose anything and the good news is it doesn't
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
I think you're good like you really only need this if you insist like I've got to have something to play on the TV or I really want to have this on console I want to go for the achievements those are all really good reasons I suppose you know but I would say if you've never played the game before and you're kind of trying to decide like do I want to play this go check out the PC demo not the Xbox 360 one because I think the PC demo is a little bit better representative of what Torchlight really is so that would be my recommendation but it's not a
Bad game.
I just feel like it lost a little something when it came over from the PC.
The PC version is really superior.
So check that out on the PC.
And if you must, if you don't have a computer good enough or something, I guess you could always use the Xbox 360 One as a substitute.
It's not bad.
It's just not, again, that same level as the PC.
So that was pretty much my gaming week.
So let's talk a little bit about housekeeping.
Not a whole lot in housekeeping I want to talk about right now.
I want to talk about something after this first story here.
But I will say, of course, our Twitter.
Twitter.com slash OLR if you want to add us on Twitter.
Or you can always add us on Facebook as well.
Facebook.com slash Orange Lounge Radio.
A good way to always follow us and see what the latest and greatest is about our show.
Forgot to mention my game week.
Sure.
Since I'm not really playing it yet, but I will be tomorrow.
I'm getting a Japanese 3DS.
So that's coming tomorrow.
Nice.
Nice.
What made you decide to take the plunge and get the Japanese 3DS?
Because I like everything early.
Even his ice cream for breakfast.
I have a problem with needing to have things early.
No, I'm getting a Japanese 3DS with Nintendogs and then Ridge Racer.
Only because Pilotwings wasn't out yet, right?
Otherwise we would have gotten Pilotwings.
We have to bring that to the studio next week because I got to see one a while ago, but I want to kind of see what that finished product looks like.
I'm sure Jamie would love to check it out too.
Yeah, but it would be fun too if they have good import games later on because sometimes Japan gets stuff before we do, like Smash Brothers and stuff.
And I'm still getting a US one when that comes out with Street Fighter 4.
Because you have an addiction.
It's so funny, too, because just last week, you were all... Last week was a really good Loki hating on Nintendo show, and now he's sitting here going, yeah, I'm buying 2DS, 3DSes.
It's just really funny.
Hey, I never said I wasn't buying the 3DS.
No, I know, I know.
It just makes you mad that they don't reach their full potential.
Exactly.
I don't have a problem with Nintendo as far as making hardware and stuff.
I just have a problem with them not...
Yeah, like you said, reaching their full potential.
Remaking games, come on.
These Nintendo 64 ports to the 3DS, that's just some cheap shit right there.
Going into our chatroom at chat.orange.com, DarkToagak says, Loki is going to make 3D porn on it, no doubt.
No, I'm not.
Let's see.
Yeah, what's the old adage about new hardware coming out?
Time to penis is the whole, like, how long before somebody tries to put their penis on it?
BlackWolf in our chatroom says, Loki bought Nintendogs.
He's part of the problem.
You are part of the problem.
I am part of the problem.
But, okay, here's why I bought Nintendogs, okay?
And this is a completely weird reason for it.
That's the reason I wanted it.
Well, not the cats, too.
I have a cat that's already annoying.
No, the reason I bought Nintendogs plus cats is because I think that shows off the 3D pretty well, and this is something I'm really going to be kind of showing to my coworkers to kind of say, hey, look, check out the thing.
Research purposes.
Yes.
Yes.
I mean, I, yeah, whatever.
Alright, fair enough.
It was, okay, it was either that or Professor Layton, because I can't read Japanese, so that's not going to do me any good.
Or there's like some cube puzzle game, no thanks, and then the rest of the games are coming out over here anyways.
Once again, it would have been, if they had Pilotwings, I would have bought Pilotwings, I will get Pilotwings when it comes out in the US.
Alright, well we'll be hearing more about the 3DS next week then for sure.
Yes, absolutely.
Awesome.
Alright, well let's get into the news tonight.
And Loki's going to start us off with some news.
And like I mentioned a bit ago, a lot of stuff going on in the world and some of it reaching into video games for all of us.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
um so because of that uh Square Enix has decided to shut off the servers for Final Fantasy 14 and Final Fantasy 11 for at least one week and um also other companies affected by this as well Konami um they're shutting off the servers for Metal Gear Online which to be honest until I read that I forgot that Metal Gear Online even existed so uh yeah I'm sure lots of people playing that um
So yeah, those are the two companies so far that are included in part of that.
Who knows what other companies will be having that.
That's still pretty big, though, because you're talking about two major MMOs, for better or for worse.
I mean, I know we've given Final Fantasy XIV a hard time on the show.
One major MMO.
One major pile of crap.
But you and I spent many years on Final Fantasy XI and it still certainly has its fans.
So that's kind of not something we hear a lot in the gaming world where it's like an MMO literally gets put on hold because of real life.
And it's just kind of...
There's an old adage, especially in Warcraft, and I'm sure the other MMOs have this too, is that RL greater than wow, or whatever your game of choice is.
And I think that especially is kind of what's coming into play this week, and I can't see how really anyone can complain about this.
I'm curious if they're going to shut down for that week, if they're going to issue credits to all those customers for that week.
Because it's on their bad, and their decision to shut it down.
I think they're going to.
I think they're going to do like a free month or something like that.
I think they will, and I think I read somewhere it is confirmed they're going to gift them the month of April.
I think that's awfully generous.
I honestly, in a situation like this, I really don't think they would necessarily owe them anything.
I think most people would understand, but you would always have that one person who's like,
And I'm sure all of us have probably seen the pictures and the damage, and if you haven't, definitely take a moment to look at that.
But I don't... My gut tells me the extensive damage they have, one week, them shutting down, I think it's going to be the first of many weeks or rotating weeks off.
Well, that's why I said at least a week.
Yeah.
Yeah.
So...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
There are no words.
There are no words for what is happening and what we're seeing on the television.
I couldn't imagine that scale of what a tsunami can do.
I really would challenge you all, our listeners.
We've been doing this show for nine plus years.
Never once have we ever asked you for money.
tonight I'm going to ask you for money and I'm going to say you need to buy one less game this month or one less arcade game, Xbox Live Arcade game or maybe not pay for an MMO for a month take the money that you're saving on Final Fantasy XI or Final Fantasy XIV
and go to RedCross.org R-E-D-C-R-O-S-S.org and please make a donation.
Everybody should try to do at least $10.
If all the OLR listeners could donate $10, that, you know, it's still a little bit for what they're really going to need in the big picture, but it's a start.
And, you know, just whatever you guys can give would be so appreciated.
So please consider cutting back on a game this month and giving money to
RedCross.org
because even if you strap for cash, there's probably a lot of other volunteer types of things you could do to help, and that would all go a long way as well.
So I needed to get that out there.
I know I talked about our show being an escape, but there is the reality that, well, there's people that need help.
Anyhow, let's move on with some other gaming news.
And this has to do with the Microsoft Kinect.
A lot of big news this week about the Kinect and some of the sales figures.
Some reports coming out there that 10 million Kinect units
have been sold.
That is from Aaron Greenberg, who is one of the executives at Xbox, wrote a tweet.
And apparently this is so fast and so reaching that Guinness World Records actually went out and said that the Kinect is the fastest selling consumer electronic device of all time.
133,000 plus units each day for the first 60 days.
That's faster than the iPhone or the iPad.
That's really surprising to me because I thought with all this iPad abaloo last year and everything, I would have thought for sure the iPad sold faster, but I guess not.
Congratulations to Microsoft for that, but seriously, Guinness, you need to find some different types of records to put in your book.
Look for some tall people or people that are fat or people that can eat dog food or something like that.
I don't know, just not like Consumer Electronics.
Seriously, the gamer edition of the Guinness Book of World Records is just retarded.
It's just most popular character.
It's like, ugh.
Well, look, something else to follow that up with is that Microsoft also apparently had the biggest non-holiday month ever.
February 2011 they sold over half a million Xbox 360s 535,000 to be exact the biggest non-holiday month ever 27% up over last year that's pretty significant considering nothing's really coming out for them it's all this Kinect momentum because obviously it's these bundles with the Kinect and Kinect Adventures and now that people are starting to play them at friends houses and see them on shows and hear about it in school and so forth I think the word is really starting to spread about this and I think that's what's kind of keeping it going
So, very interesting.
Not hearing a lot about the move.
From what I understand, though, Sony didn't have a bad month.
I think Sony sold quite a few units, too.
They're getting closer to Nintendo.
Nintendo's about to slip into third place, which is really big news.
Nintendo is not even going to slip into third place or first place.
No, I believe they sold more 360s than Wiis last month, didn't they?
Yeah, last month.
But overall, they're in first place.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
I mean, they've got a lot of catching up to do before they're in third place.
Honestly, though, I think with the move, it's kind of funny because from a retail standpoint, they're treating it like there's still shortages on the move stuff.
Which makes no sense because there's no demand for the move stuff at all.
And yet, you know, this stuff is hard to get for some reason.
But, yeah, I mean, they're doing some stuff with the move now that people are actually interested in.
You'd be surprised, like, the SOCOM 4 and Killzone 3 stuff with the, you know, their stupid move gun that they have.
People are actually interested in that.
And it's just...
Never would have guessed, it seems really stupid, but the actual peripherals that they've made for it aren't just shells like the Zapper.
These are actual things that do have integrated buttons and triggers and stuff like that that aren't just, okay, I pull this trigger and it pulls a lever that pushes this button.
It's not anything like that.
It's actual, some special stuff that they're adding to these, so it's a little bit
Better, but still kind of ridiculous.
I mean, I think the play of first-person shooter that way, but people are interested.
So that may help.
I am so curious about this year's E3 and where the Kinect goes.
Props to Sony, though, for at least allowing the move to be supported by their big tentpole titles that they're putting out.
Because the Kinect, not really having that.
I mean, you have the Kinect games, and that's it.
You're not going to see Kinect support for Gears of War, at least not Gears of War 3.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Actually, that's funny.
Yeah, there are no first part Microsoft titles right now for a while, probably the fourth quarter, but we're not seeing anything like Patches of the Fable or something like that.
There's no Kinect support for that stuff.
They haven't really embraced it yet, I guess.
well I mean they have their first party Kinect games that they made but there's no like you know core games that are part of that again E3 I think is going to really be telling as to what their strategical direction is for you know phase two of the software you know so and possibly integrating that into their core lineup especially didn't we have a story a couple weeks ago about the whole Halo remake happening that now the rumor is it could be Kinect
Yeah, well, I don't think, once again, I mean, they should have it be optional, obviously, and then the other thing is I think they should have a couple different levels that you go with it where, you know, not necessarily everything's motion controlled, but maybe head tracking, once again, I think head tracking added to a first-person shooter is just no-brainer.
You should be doing this anyways for, you know, just having that part Kinect-enabled.
You don't need to be running around with Kinect for everything, just...
Yeah, like it shouldn't be like mass arm flailing all over the place, like that's what I fear, but it might be kind of cool, like okay, you have the controller or whatever, and maybe like to lob a bomb or something, you would like throw your hand up or something, like you know, like lob a bomb, like something very subtle, where you know, you're not kind of breaking out of that controller thing, but I don't know.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
If you don't want to move your head around, fine, then don't.
You don't have to.
Or you can just turn that off.
That kind of support would be awesome.
There's a ton of first-person shooters coming out.
I mean, come on.
Seriously, you should be able to do that.
They've got to find a way to keep reinventing or adding to FPSs because, at least for me, the allure has kind of died away, like I mentioned earlier with Halo and just kind of, eh.
Even Medal of Honor and stuff like that.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Thanks for watching!
Crysis
It would be good thinking about it, thinking forward with Kinect.
It's an unknown game that maybe people don't remember.
PsyOps came out for Xbox a while back.
You gain telekinesis power and can move things with your mind.
It was a puzzle, first person shooter.
Third person if you readjust the video settings right.
And I can see that having a lot of fun with Kinect.
You move your arm to move a box out of the way and then you go back to your controller and shoot things.
You could throw a box at enemies and knock them around.
That would be pretty freaking amazing.
How about an Xbox Live Arcade game that's Kinect-enabled called Slap-a-Bitch?
And what you would do is just, you know, you walk around with a controller or whatever, and then you can just reach out and slap a bitch.
Like, you know, and it's other people that are on the Kinect.
You know, it's like Halo, but it's slapping.
It's a slap fight
Once they release that development kit, or I should say the software development kit for the indie marketplace, there will be a slap a bitch.
I guarantee it.
Slap a hoe, slap a bitch, slap a baby.
Slap that ass.
We're so bad.
I know.
All right, moving on.
How about some more gaming news?
I'm going over to Matt, too, tonight.
Sure.
So keeping with the whole Microsoft company discussion, turns out those codes on the back of your Microsoft Live cards actually have a pattern to them.
So a group of smart hackers decided to look at those codes, take some old Xbox Live Points cards and Xbox Gold trial codes, and they figured out an algorithm that
DarkSakura,
Spacebucks.
Spacebucks.
One million Spacebucks.
So, of course, Microsoft caught on to this and pulled the codes online.
But as I was reviewing some of the news, it tossed a question to me.
The algorithm is still enforced to the cards on Walmart and Target walls.
So...
Yeah, I'm not understanding, because, okay, they pull these codes that were posted online, but aren't they still sitting on shelves somewhere?
Correct.
So my thinking, or my thoughts were, when I was reading this, like, okay, cool, that's great, you pulled the codes, but the existing codes on store shelves are still probably the same algorithm, or maybe a set of algorithms.
Yeah, there might be several.
Yeah, and so they must be in their new batch of product for that.
They've got to be redoing the algorithm on that.
I wonder if there'll be a recall.
Maybe the algorithm... Because I'm sure these codes probably not just tell that it's a Microsoft code, but it probably actually tells Microsoft where the card was bought.
Absolutely.
I would imagine the GameStop chain probably all has similar digits in the beginning or something like that.
So whatever algorithm was cracked is probably tied to one particular retail chain.
I don't know.
and Beyond Points.
I might sound like an idiot to the folks that did this because I don't profess to know how you crack an algorithm.
These aren't necessarily like the 1600 point cards.
These are like the 160 Microsoft point cards that you get with some games and stuff.
Right, the actual point value is 160, so we're not talking a lot, but they were able to refresh and then regenerate the algorithm and keep going.
And even they were able to find the code for bringing in props to Halo Reach and things like that.
So on top of digital tchotchkes and...
and Spacebucks.
They were able to figure out the codes and the patterns.
DarkToyGag has a really good question.
Don't these things have to be activated?
Like when you buy the cards at the store?
I always thought once they scan on the barcode then they're active or whatever.
No.
Huh.
It's just a piece of cardboard that has a code underneath it.
that's what makes me wonder I can understand they did the 160 point cards those things but if they started doing 1600 point cards there would be no way for them to track that how would they even be able to figure out which ones are sold and stuff
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Okay, well actually it wasn't from cards from what I'm looking up here real quick.
It's actually from a website that was generating these codes.
It's kind of like a promotion thing.
So they figured out that you can go to this website.
Because really you're only supposed to be able to go there once.
You can go to this website, change part of this URL that's in there, and you can see if the code's working or not.
And then basically you keep...
It looks like the forum where it's located.
But again, the algorithm stays.
And if they're existing cards, I don't know.
I always figured there's a pattern to it.
But someone found the exploit and they shared it with the community and bought them for about a million bucks.
I gotta be honest, I mean, this news kind of sucks for Microsoft, but I'm kind of surprised it didn't happen sooner.
That's true.
Considering how long those types of cards have been around, I'm surprised.
Well, I mean, again, I guess it wasn't the cards, and maybe it took this website flaw or whatever to really rip the hole open to get these points, but I'm really surprised it didn't happen sooner, to be honest.
And I wonder if other gaming companies or consoles like this, Sony, we...
I wonder if they are taking stock in this and how they procure their point cards and stuff.
I'm really wondering what effect this might have on digital distribution down the line.
You gotta kind of be wondering if people are able to exploit that system.
Is digital download as smart of an idea as we all thought?
Or does it need some time to get more secure?
I'd have lulled harder if they were exploiting those Facebook gift cards you can buy in the stores.
There's no value in that.
I'm curious if even one of those is sold yet.
So that's been reported.
You saw this week though, they started renting movies on Facebook.
Oh lord.
Yeah, that's true.
and something else for people to spend their space bucks on or give credit cards over to.
Ironically enough, the first movie that they started renting was The Dark Knight, right?
The Batman movie with Heath Ledger and all I could think of in my mind was and here we go.
Maybe that was the joke, I don't know.
So I will be avoiding that part of Facebook.
I don't want them to have my credit card information, that's for damn sure.
So yeah, a million bucks has been bled dry from the coffers of Microsoft, and they've quickly in their lesson have to start changing their strategy on how to deal with codes, perhaps.
Be interesting to see the ramifications of this six months from now.
Well, they can figure out who uses those codes, so they're going to punish them.
DarkSakura,
Your PlayStation Plus subscriber.
I was just about to ask.
I'm like, no, you have to be PlayStation Plus for that, right?
Exactly.
If you're PlayStation Plus, you can save some games or your game saves online.
And also, apparently, according to one of the PlayStation 3 hackers, it has re-secured the PlayStation 3.
Because obviously the keys are still in there, but they've just moved them to someplace else and they have another key in place.
So, for now, it's been secured, but it's just a matter of time.
Really, you can't... Even calling it re-secured, that just doomed it for failure right there.
Just saying, nope, still broken.
Nothing to see here.
Keep on moving.
But it's hack-proof, Loki.
This new firmware is hacker-proof.
It's not hacker-proof.
Nobody will hack it.
Nothing is hacker-proof.
And no one's bothering to even... Well, here's the thing, though, is no one's bothering to update their firmware right now because you can spoof it anyway, so you can still connect to the PlayStation Network if you really want to, but...
is cloud saving something that interests anyone in this room?
I do think it's kind of neat because if I go to visit friends in the Bay Area or something I could connect to the cloud I guess and get my game saves especially for things like
I own this on the 360 so maybe it's a moot point but you don't know Jack like you remember when I was reviewing the game I talked about you really want to make sure that save file goes with you otherwise you're going to be recycling games because of the dumb way you have only five episodes at a time able to lock or whatever if you don't take that game save with you you're going to end up recycling games very quickly in that so the cloud save would be very useful for that because I don't always think to copy my save file to a card and so on
I was gonna say, yeah, you just... I mean, thumb drives are fucking cheap.
I mean, why would I spend money on PlayStation Plus to... I have two jump drives right here.
Both of these cost me less than $10.
I mean, why would I... And those are 8 gigs.
Why would I even waste my time with... I think they have... I think the cap was 150... I don't know if it's 150 saves or if it's 150 megabytes.
I can't remember what it was.
The honest thing I can say is that sometimes you just don't know when you're gonna need a game save file.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
I know one person.
Well, I feel the same way about cloud saving with the whole Rock Band Guitar Hero things because I go to one of my buddy's houses who has played Rock Band extensively and unlocked a lot of the games.
I come back to my house and I haven't finished those parts of the tours and unlocked the songs to play.
So cloud saving would make a lot of sense.
Or you could just go in the menu and do the all unlock.
That would be cheating, Rob.
Yeah, but here's the other problem too with the cloud saving thing is don't you have to put your profile on their system anyways?
I mean, you can't just dump the save off the internet.
Well, with Xbox, yeah, it is profile-centric.
That's true.
Here's a better idea, okay?
And this is great, and this will cost you no money, so fuck PlayStation Plus.
You take that game save.
It's not very big.
You email it to yourself.
Boom!
It's on the cloud!
Don't need to fucking pay them for shit.
You want that?
Download that save anywhere.
Download the save.
Just go to a PC, download it.
But your friends who don't have a PC, I don't believe you, because everybody has a PC nowadays.
And seriously, why am I going to pay?
Oh, it's on the cloud.
Love it.
Emeril Lagasse.
And he pointed up, you know, let us know in the studio.
He pointed up towards the cloud in case we were confused.
Just in case we didn't know, he pointed up at the cloud.
It's on the cloud.
Boom, headshot on the cloud.
All right.
GameGuru in our chatroom at chat.org.com says, my USB drive is bigger than the cloud.
Hot.
Google Mail, Gmail, bigger than the cloud.
7.8 gigs, right?
and you know if I remember correctly I believe you can download stuff through the web browser on the PlayStation 3 I think I'm not sure what you can download if it's just images and stuff like that to save to your system but you may very well be able to download game saves
Now here's a point from SpazinatorPC, can't wait to hear your response to this in our chatroom.
Loki, most saves can be copied to jump drives, external hard drives, but some are copy locked.
In those occasions, cloud saving comes in handy.
And then the only person you can, or the only people you can blame for that would be Sony for being dicks.
Yeah.
But maybe for a PlayStation Plus member, they'll give you the keys to unlock that.
Oh, yeah.
How generous of them.
I can have access to my saves?
Oh, thank you, great master!
I mean, it's like, what the hell?
Sorry, no, you can't have your saved data.
But you can pay for the privilege to access that data.
Last week was Nintendo, this week is Sony.
I know, you gotta love Loki.
One week it'll be Apple, then it's Nintendo, now this week it's Sony, Microsoft, you're on notice.
But back in the day, wasn't Loki a staunch, uh...
Angry, angsty man against iOS and iPad and iPhone stuff.
But he still is in many ways.
No, I hate Apple.
The only reason he has it, he got it for free through a work pension.
You have to understand, I hate Apple because their computers are shit.
They're overpriced shit.
and that's all it is who thought it was a fucking genius idea to have a computer with no ports whatsoever other than one USB slot that's awesome that's awesomely stupid I mean but people buy that for like two grand when you can spend two grand on a laptop you get a fucking nice laptop I can get two fucking nice laptops for that same kind of price but people go oh my god new Apple product I gotta go buy it
That's where I have my problems.
I'm still giving props for the iPhone because it probably is the best smartphone out there right now.
And even the iPod Touch because it's probably the best MP3 player out there.
It's not even really an MP3 player.
It's an iPhone without the phone.
Um, but I'll be damned if I buy a fucking Apple computer.
Fuck that.
I mean, seriously, that is a waste.
You might as well just set fire to your money.
I mean, cause that, you'd be doing yourself a great injustice to buy an Apple computer.
Oh, Loki.
I think in a new segment, Loki's angst.
That's the show.
I don't know if you've listened to OLR before, but that's not a segment.
That's the show.
And I still don't get the iPad.
I mean, I still don't get it.
I mean, I guess it's better than having a netbook, maybe, but...
I can't put it in my pocket.
What good is that for me?
No, no, I just, and of course everybody's now putting out tablet PCs because that worked really well back in the 90s.
Because everybody wants to touch something.
Hey, I remember when tablet PC... Fuck, I remember when my uncle worked for Wattcom and they were making tablet PCs.
Yeah, that's old school shit.
It's like, oh my god, you have to use a stylus on this.
Alright, anyway.
Let's move on to some other stories going on here.
And this is a follow-up to something we were talking about last week.
Remember that scandalous game, We Dare?
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
And yes, Ubisoft just spoke to the Daily Telegraph this week saying, following the public reaction to the 12 plus rating of We Dare, Ubisoft has made the decision not to sell the game in the United Kingdom.
So this means that the game will not be sold anymore in the UK.
They will have to import it from someplace where this game will be sold.
I don't know where that's going to end up being.
Is that like Canada or Australia or what?
It's stupid.
DarkSakura.com
Yeah, that's really all you need is lots of alcohol and slutty chicks.
And then they'll go and make out and stuff.
A Wii game is not going to get them to do that.
It will not get you laid.
And I trust you, if you bought this game, you'd be very bored.
Because who the hell are you going to play this with?
I mean, seriously.
You're going to invite your friends over and play this?
Play against the computer?
playing against the computer.
If you want to fucking... I'm sorry, Dave.
I cannot let you spank me.
So they're not selling it in the UK.
Were they not selling Twister in the UK?
They're not selling bottles in the UK?
Because that's all you need, too, for fucking...
Was it an erotic night with your friends or something like that?
I mean, I just don't understand.
This just proves that the UK is possibly more prudish than the Americans.
No, they're just as prudish because we're not selling it over here either.
By the way, just real quick.
Also, Ubisoft got a stern warning from the Europeans rating board, PEGI.
Not Bundy, but P-E-G-I, PEGI.
asking Ubisoft to basically remove the We Dare ads from the internet.
Oh yeah, because once something hits the internet, it can totally be erased, you guys.
Whatever.
You know what?
I think it can.
Try to find anything from Bean Bobby Brown on the internet.
You can't.
It just doesn't exist.
I have an icon of Whitney Houston saying, I know you do.
I have looked.
I have scoured the internet trying to find those episodes for my wife because that would be like... They never released it on DVD?
No, she filed lawsuits to block that.
It never came out on DVD.
Really?
Yes, oh man.
That would be worth a lot.
If anyone's got that on VHS... That was an amazing fucking show.
We need to send Sam Flynn to break into the headquarters of Bravo or whatever fucking network or air that show and steal the master tapes because seriously...
DarkSakura.com
It's just a ploy to get people to buy that game because they're like, oh, it's so dirty.
No, it's crap, okay?
It's Ubisoft.
This is the same company that puts out the Pets games or the Imagine games or all that stuff.
Imagine Sex Party.
I mean, that's basically what this is.
Well, unfortunately, I couldn't find the We Dare gameplay, but I did find a trailer for We Dare Island.
Oh, he's cute.
She's spinning a tie in slow motion.
Or is that a bra?
I can't tell from back here.
So the ladies are on the couch giggling at the boys and they're one pseudo stripping and they're dancing and they're having a gay old time.
Question is though, is it going in reverse?
Oh, now the girl's spanking the girl in her lap.
I think it is going in reverse.
God, I love YouTube.
I'm going to link that in the chat.
That's more like Xtube going on right there.
Alright, so MrBlackWolf has given me the appropriate link that we should be looking at here.
If the game doesn't have full frontal, it's not We Dare.
I mean, seriously.
We can check it out.
There's us being all adventurous.
Ooh, I want that dress.
You do, huh?
Yes.
Okay.
Oh, these guys are sassy.
Come on.
You really like this song?
Yes.
How can you not like this song?
I guess it's okay, but I'm just sick of hearing it.
I'm sick of hearing you.
Not to mention it's a cover.
It's kind of like Just Dance.
Is that it?
Alright, I'm bored of that video already.
What is that on Farmhouse Media 3000?
It has that little YouTube clip we were just playing.
Anyhow, let's move on.
Matt2, what do you have for us?
Some more news.
So it looks like that if you play Dragon Age 2 and you have some angst and you want to get unleashed in the forums, watch what you say because if you call EA the devil, you might actually get shut off.
So a player actually posted online on their forums and for whatever reason referenced EA and called them the devil.
You can have your opinion about that.
and EA, not liking this bad PR, decided to temporarily suspend the player's account on the forums because that's not unusual whether you play WoW or other onlines.
If you go off and say some naughty things, they'll do that.
But someone flipped the other master switch and temporarily suspended this guy's account for three days.
So when he loaded the game and played the game, could not actually play it, all because he called the exact quote from the forums was, quote, have you sold your souls to the EA devil?
Really?
Wow.
Really?
A ban for...
It's the Activision devil, by the way.
Yeah, exactly.
But the other part of it, too, so that's not so bad.
I mean, if you've seen and read other forums, then you've probably seen some pretty dirty stuff.
It's like, don't come into my house and then call me the devil.
True.
But here's the thing.
So EA's like, we strictly enforce the community against profanity.
There's no profane, well, you know, El Diablo here.
I guess that's a bad term.
But there really isn't anything profane about it.
It's just really kind of a nasty spun comment.
So, of course, EA was like, oh, our bad.
Sorry about that.
And they apologized.
It was a glitch between...
and DarkSakura.
And Rob and I have posted and read some of the WoW forms and things like that.
And there's some pretty angsty 12-year-olds on there, but this is pretty bad.
God, I kind of wish Blizzard did this.
Yeah, I know, huh?
Like read the forum post and then was like, oops, sorry, we banned you.
My bad.
So be careful what you say on the... We need to take that Ragnarok online approach.
You want to talk bad about our game?
We ban you.
You can't play the game anymore.
How do you like that?
It just proves that you better watch what you see on the internet because people are watching.
And this is obviously a mistake.
This is not what happens if you were to call EA the devil or go off with profane language on their website.
So just something kind of funny.
But it just shows how much control video game distributors do have.
They can flip a switch and you're gone or you're banned or you're suspended.
That's right.
So you guys think twice next time about calling EA the devil.
Call them dirty cum guzzlers instead.
Hot.
All right, moving on.
Let's travel the world and look at some release dates.
We'll start with the U.S., Loki.
This week's not a lot of stuff coming out.
We got a few budget games and then some decent stuff.
So starting off with the budget games, Maximum Racing, Dragon Stock, and Maximum Racing, GP Classic Racing.
These are very budget games coming out for the Wii.
Let's see.
God's Eater Burst coming out on PSP this week from D3.
Looks pretty awesome.
Um, Jakondia and the Timeless Land.
This is the game that's very similar to, um, uh, 32nd Hero.
So I believe this is the one that actually lets you, uh, pick how much time you have and then you can play the game for that long.
Um, and then of course, uh, on the Wii, Trackmania Build to Race.
Um, awesome, awesome game on the PC.
So I'm sure it'd be pretty good on the Wii.
Homefront, the big game for this week on PlayStation 3, Xbox 360, and PC.
Kind of the first that we'll see of the Just Dance series, but a little bit of a spin-off of it.
Dance on Broadway coming to the PlayStation 3 for the move.
Also on PlayStation 3, Yakuza 4, with less stuff changed this time from the Japanese version.
Is it just me, or was that kind of a fast turnaround this time?
It was a pretty fast turnaround.
Good job.
R. Tonalico, Koga, Nell of Arceal on PlayStation 3 this week as well.
Let's see.
Also, PlayStation 3, Xbox 360, and I believe the Wii.
Top Spin 4 coming out this week as well.
And then, surprisingly enough, the Xbox 360 version of this got canceled, but Warriors Legend of Troy.
It's a...
Trojan version of Dynasty Warriors.
So, yeah, check that out.
And then finally, yet another Ubisoft fitness game, Fit'n 6 on the Wii and PlayStation 3.
Of course, PlayStation 3 with move support there.
It's kind of like their answer to the Yourself Fitness since that never came out on other systems other than 360.
So that's it for this week.
Yes, that's it.
Alright, I'm going to move on to Japanese release dates.
I do realize things going on could have an effect on this.
I'm just going to read them as I see them.
On the Xbox 360, Dragon Age Origins Awakening, that would be the expansion to the original Dragon Age, is going to be out on March 17th.
Going on to the PlayStation 3 and checking out some of the releases there.
Yakuza, I'm sorry, that's a US release.
Motostorm 3 Apocalypse comes out in Japan, as well as the Dragon Age Origins expansion.
Ryu Ga Gotoku of the End comes out in Japan as well.
I'm not sure what that game is.
It's from Sega, and it's related to the Yakuza universe, but I think it's a bit more of the action-adventure type of game.
There you go.
Let's see.
Coming out on some other systems.
I want to see the Wii real quick if there's anything coming out there.
I don't believe so.
No, nothing this week because, of course, Nintendo's focused on the 3DS and the recent launch that happened there.
So you can check out Steel Diver this week in Japan and Tom Clancy's Splinter Cell 3D, both of those getting released on the 3DS this week in Japan.
And lastly on the PSP...
We have, oh, where'd it go?
No, I guess, is there anything on the PSP this week?
Doesn't look like it.
For some reason, I'm not able to find the dates on my list.
There we go.
Never mind, there it is.
The Little Battlers is the big release on the PSP this week.
Little Battlers is a game from level 5 it's a RPG coming out over there looks like you battle these little kind of polygonal types of things it looks a little bit Valkyria profile to me kind of mixed with traditional RPG mechanics so that could be kind of neat so there you go that's it for Japanese releases what about the UK?
Alright, so from our friends across the pond, coming out on Ides of March, that's March 15th for those who are not Shakespearean buffs, is Total War Shotgun 2, coming out on PC.
And then for releases on the 18th, Friday, we have Assassin's Creed Brotherhood on PC.
We also have coming up God's Eater Burst on the PSP.
I am just intrigued by the title.
Homefront is coming out on the 360, PS3, and PC, also again on Friday the 18th.
MotoGP coming out also on Friday, PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360 versions.
Motorstorm Apocalypse coming out on the PS3.
Okimaden Chisaki Taiyo.
See, I can do Japanese pretty well, huh?
Huh, Rob?
I was worried about any type of Japanese releases I might read tonight.
coming out on DS also Topspin 4 for 360 PS3 and Wii coming out and finally Yakuza 4 as mentioned before coming out on the 18th for PS3 I remember buying Topspin original for 360 and was not a fan it made me frustrated yeah I did not like the original Topspin game that was on 360 either that's it this week for the UK alright just a few more news stories for you guys and then we're going to get to the classic game of the week but first something from Loki
I'm sorry, I'm very distracted right now.
What was that?
They finally released the Grand Theft Auto 4 texture editor.
Remember the one they got ripped off for trying to buy?
Yeah, someone finally released it.
All the things I can do, it's just so mind-boggling.
Anyways, let's talk about Pokemon.
Apparently, there was a rumor, and of course, you know there's always rumors when the stuff's coming from Twitter.
There was a rumor back when this whole disaster went down in Japan that the Pokemon creator died.
Um...
That would have been tragic, except it's not true.
Basically, the company tweeted back and said, False.
Everyone at Pokemon Company and Game Freak is fine.
So, no one's dead.
Some people are sick.
Yeah.
That's all.
Sick.
Maybe it was a very unfortunate case, a mistaken identity or mistranslation, but unfortunately that probably was not the case.
Sick people.
Moving on, one other news story for you guys.
It has to do with the MMO Free Realms.
I don't know if you've ever checked this game out.
It's a casual MMO.
The weird thing is it's free to play.
It's coming out on the PlayStation 3.
The funny thing is, it's coming out very soon.
March 29th.
It was originally on the PC, and now it's going to be a free-to-play casual MMO on the PlayStation Network.
So it's not like DC Universe Online, which is kind of the other big MMO on PlayStation 3 right now.
Free Realms is going to be different.
They say that they did take some things from DC Universe Online, Sony Online Entertainment of course,
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Maybe it's one of those things that's only open to PlayStation Plus though.
I don't know.
No word on that yet.
So we'll see when the game comes out in just a couple weeks.
Alright, for now, it's that time of the show where we like to take a trip down memory lane and look at the classic game of the week.
and DarkSakura.
No, I'm kidding.
We decided since Matt 2 was good enough to step in and fill in for Jamie tonight, why doesn't he get to pick the Classic Game of the Week?
So, Matt 2, what did you pick for the Classic Game of the Week?
Alright, well I'll never presume to take over for Jamie, but I'm honored to do this segment here.
So, after being locked in the vault for 24 hours and a dog pile ensued, I sifted through it and found this little gem on Super Nintendo.
One of my favorites, Actraiser.
and Actraiser was produced and distributed back in 1990, so 20 years ago.
Imagine that.
Oh my god, I'm so old.
Yes, we are old.
Exclusive for Super Nintendo at the time.
It was put out by Enix then, now Squeenix as we know it.
And the whole idea of this game was it was two-fold.
You were a platform side-scrolling action as well as city-building, almost like RTS.
And
The whole premise was that you were God, or a God, I should say, and you would have to run around and kill stuff and defend the land.
You then also, once you completed the level, which was, again, very basic side-scrolling levels here, you would then turn into an angel and fly around and protect the city from other monsters.
And you could see his butt.
You can definitely see his ass.
You fly around in an angel form and help defend the city.
You'd also have to do things like help crops grow by being God.
You'd have to make it rain on the crops and lightning to burn bushes so your city could grow and things like that.
At the time, when I was playing it, I really enjoyed the music from the game.
I thought it was pretty top-notch, honestly, for the time.
The gameplay is pretty straightforward on the platform side and the RTS side.
So anywho, a little bit more background about the game.
Again, the idea that you are a god or a master and you take the form of the overseer in a cloud.
Not cloud saves, but just cloud.
And then when your citizens call upon you to help defend the land, you would beam on down to the world and take over in a humanoid form.
The funny part is, there was an Actraiser 2 prequel to the game, but a lot of religious subtext was discovered about it.
People were concerned about the game because in the Japanese text for this prequel, they actually call the main character God and the villain of the game Satan.
So here we got to talk about the devil again tonight, Rob.
But it was a very engaging game because, again, it had two parts to it.
You had to, again, defend the city and build your cities.
And if you didn't do these certain tasks, your citizens would die and you would lose the game.
One of my favorites.
It later came out for Virtual Console and also released on mobile phone devices.
So this is out there to play.
And I don't know.
I just really enjoyed the music from this game at the time.
So the Classic Video Game of the Week is ActRaiser on Super Nintendo and Virtual Console and mobile phones.
An excellent fucking choice.
And I remember when Matt2 told me what game he wanted to do for the Classic Game of the Week, I was like, no, Jamie had to have picked that at some point.
I asked about it.
Go check the wiki.
Jamie picked that, right?
And it hadn't been picked yet.
Well, I checked the wiki just to be certain, and then I sent her a message and said, hey, these are the three games I would like to review.
and these are on the wiki but I want to run past you.
She goes, oh, I totally had Actraiser on my list to do so yeah, go ahead and take that.
I also gave two other suggestions to Rob and I told him one of them and I think he was impressed on how far back my video gaming experience went.
Do you remember the game I told you?
No.
But Congo Bongo?
Oh yeah, that's right, that's right.
Totally remember that game from the Atari 5200 but anywho, so Actraiser is definitely a great game.
Check it out.
Yeah, so let's not take attention away from ActRaiser because this game is amazing.
It's definitely in my top ten video games ever.
Definitely.
The sequel doesn't hold a candle to it.
No, and it actually bankrupted the series, I think.
That's too bad.
Enix made great games.
Enix made so many good freaking games on the Super Nintendo.
I'm not even talking about Dragon Quest, Dragon Warrior, that series.
I'm talking about the Illusion of Gaia and that whole series.
That was in Soul Blazer, I think was one of the other games.
That whole series was awesome.
And of course, they were the ones that did Busta Move slash Busta Groove, depending on what country you were in.
That was all Enix.
And a lot of that's disappeared since the Square merger, which is unfortunate.
Which is sad.
One of the high-tech graphic things about this game was whenever you had to warp down to the world to defend it, the screen would spin around, and it was just high-tech, and it made you feel like you were falling into the earth.
So as your citizens gain power-ups and learn smarter, they can learn how to build better buildings and better crops and things like that.
It definitely had a SimCities and a platform feel to it, so definitely check it out.
Alright, your classic of the week for the Super Nintendo from Enix, ActRaiser.
And for heaven's sake, at least just listen to the soundtrack, because it's one of the greatest soundtracks ever.
I believe it's Yoko Kanno who did the soundtrack to that, who's just... No, no, what am I saying?
That's...
She sang a song for Evangelion or something.
Yuzo Koshiro did the music to that, and he did a DDR song back in the day.
I believe he's the same guy that does Wine Game, Midnight Maximum Tune, Streets of Rage, lots of great stuff.
So, very cool.
Alright, that's going to do it for this part A of Orange Lounge Radio, but fear not, there's plenty more of OLR to come when we get back, including the mailbag, your tweets!
So get those in, please, your Twitters.
Twitter.com slash OLR to get in your tweets, and of course, more news.
We're going to talk about those Dance Hero rumors, some games being cancelled at Sony, and what's going to happen to NBA Jam.
We'll find out after this, a quick break, with more of Orange Lounge Radio.
Welcome back, everybody, to Orange Lounge Radio.
We are live tonight with the 405th episode of our show on this March 13th of 2011.
We are live at All Games Radio, as we are every Sunday night at 6 o'clock Pacific, 9 o'clock Eastern, right after the Bobby Blackwolf Show.
Obviously, it's been a crazy week, and if you are just joining us, I did make a plea in Part A, and I'll say it again.
Please, please, please...
For those folks in Japan that have had to go through such a crazy, horrific thing going on right now, please consider donating to the Red Cross.
You can go to redcross.org.
I'm really encouraging all of our listeners to part with $10.
It's not that much.
That's like less than the cost of one month of an MMO.
That's an Xbox Live Arcade game.
You can go without this week and put the money to where it's really, really needed right now.
Anyhow, moving on, we're going to get back into some gaming news and some rapid fire news.
And your Twitter, all the tweets at twitter.com slash OLR.
We'll read those on the show here in just a minute.
So get those in.
This is your last chance.
Also, I got to do a plug for the spinoff shows.
Unfortunately, DarkSakura is not here tonight, but she does do a fun little show with Mar and Marvel and Dan Shadow.
It's called Comic Insanity.
but that's with no I it's Comic N Sanity and you can find that on Twitter or you can also find it at Infamous.net again just the letter N Infamous.net if you like World of Warcraft check out my spin-off show with Extifer The Best Little Horde House in Azeroth also known as Horde House for short and all of that coming to a new website also this week that I'll be able to give out and I'm very excited so that's all on its way to being done
In the meantime, some rapid fire news, some quick stories for you guys.
Let's start with Loki.
According to the new issue of the French gaming magazine Joystick, Bethesda's next game in their, well, next announced game is going to be Prey 2.
That's right, the sequel to the first person shooter game that came out from 3D Realms and 2K Games.
Wow.
Of course, 3D Realms is no longer around, and Bethesda was purchased by ZeniMax, which snatched up the company id Software, so it makes perfect sense that they're going to be putting out shooter games.
No word exactly on when that's coming out, but probably something that we'll be hearing more about during E3 this year.
I'm kind of surprised that Prey is getting a sequel because the first one didn't really do too hot.
I mean, it was a good game, especially for dummies.
Like, it was a first-person shooter for dummies because you could never die in Prey.
And that's one of the things I really liked about it because I suck at first-person shooters.
The story was pretty good, too, even though it, like, totally cut off abruptly.
Like, you're playing the game and then just it's over.
It was weird.
So it's set up for a sequel.
Like The Sopranos.
Yeah, kind of like that, but not really.
Without the journey.
This is kind of neat.
It's a little Easter egg, I guess, for the Google Chrome browser.
If you're using it, there's actually a piece of JavaScript you can paste into the Chrome's address.
And when you do that, it activates a hack which reloads a page and basically allows you to roll around a ball.
Katamari Ball, to be exact.
And pick up all the words and images on the screen like you would at Katamari.
Awesome.
And you can find this piece of code at kathack.com.
That's K-A-T-H-A-C-K-D-O-T-C-O-M.
And you can check it out.
It's kind of a neat one.
Does it play the music too?
I don't think it does.
But thanks to the...
Advent of the MP3, you could provide your own soundtrack for your webpage rolling up adventures.
It's just not the same.
Nice.
And then finally, there's a company out of San Francisco that wants to make your life the RPG.
So basically it's life the RPG.
But it's you!
Yes, it's you.
It's coming from a company called Green Goose.
And basically what it is, it's this package that you get.
It's packaged with a water bottle, toothbrush, and vitamin container.
And it says the Green Goose logs how many times a week...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
The points that the player earns will not really do anything, but it's meant to encourage a healthy lifestyle, I guess, and clean teeth.
Okie dokie.
I don't know.
It's neat.
This is something I could see them selling at a dentist office or something like that.
I remember all those like toothbrushing games and stuff that you could play on like the Atari 2600 and Commodore 64 that were supposed to like, you know, teach the good habits and all that.
It would be kind of funny like a life of the game or something like that.
Well, they kind of have that like in the 3DS where you earn points for walking or shaking the 3DS, you know, and you award the same points for walking or throttling something.
All right.
Let's move on here to some other news about The Legend of Zelda, the Ocarina of Time 3D.
There is some new things that are supposed to be in there.
It's not just a direct port of the 64 version.
The 3DS version is supposed to have some other stuff.
And this is in an interview that happened with Miyamoto talking about the 3DS version of Ocarina of Time.
Thanks for watching!
Hmm.
By the way, quick follow-up from Essex in our chatroom on the Katamari Damacy add-in.
It does play the music, just so you know.
Oh.
Yep.
Well, that's good to know.
That's coming from our chat.
Some rumors about Grand Theft Auto V is the codename Rush.
That could be what's going on.
I guess that's some casting details that were done on a Google search.
Apparently there's this project called Rush and it has to do with Grand Theft Auto V. Rush is tied to Take-Two Interactive.
They own Rockstar Games.
Apparently it's a video game set in the Los Angeles area.
So maybe they've gone from New York to L.A.,
Who knows, but that is apparently some of the rumors about the game.
Some of the casting that is in the game, there's a 38-year-old FBI agent in grape shape, a 25-year-old young Mexican-American FBI agent, a 23-year-old moron, white trash hillbilly named Clyde, and so on and so on.
So lots of parts that they're casting for.
That's either going to be a Grand Theft Auto game, which I can only hope, or it's going to be a sequel to Midnight Club LA.
And lastly, Valve is going to be bridging Portal and Portal 2 with some type of surprise.
We don't exactly know what that is, but that was from coming out of PAX East.
Something that will tie the story of the interim time between Portal and Portal 2.
Is that a comic book?
Is that an arcade game?
Is that YouTube?
Who knows?
Apparently something will be coming to tie the two worlds together in the future.
So we'll see.
Matt 2 Alright, so there is some DLC content coming out for Guitar Hero Warriors of Rock You can pick them up as the Modern Rock Mega Pack In your respective WePoints or Microsoft Live download content These are some of my favorite bands here So I'm excited about this I wish I had Guitar Hero vs. Rock Band 2 Just a smathering of what's on that pack You've got Sorrow by Bad Religion She's a Genius by Jet Psycho by Puddle of Mud
Saliva's song Always, and Headstrong by Trapped.
So that's just half of what's in that pack.
These are all those angsty boy frat bands that you like, huh?
Yes, this is good music, Rob.
Whatever.
It sounds like men with vaginas when I hear it.
Sorry, that's how I feel.
I'm sure a lot of our listeners are like, you're an asshole, Rob.
You like Lady Gaga.
I heard she did a great song, a copy of Madonna's song?
Weren't you in the middle of some news?
Yes sir, let me continue.
So anyway, those are for respective points on Microsoft or Wii.
So check that out if you're into rock music.
Other stories that are coming up?
XBOX Live Arcade
and when it came down to it, it was just abruptly cancelled due to some various... It's a weird reason to cancel a game.
It's a very weird reason.
There must have been like a dirty word in mistranslation or something.
I don't know.
There's a lot of debate whether it was a bug or a text issue.
Everyone's kind of pointing each other's fingers but basically it was quoted saying we're not privy to the decision making process providing the game but it was due to bugs in the translation because the game has never been translated to Japanese.
Since there was no existing Japanese version of the game, the complexity of a new translation combined with the randomly generated naming scheme for Torchlight made it beyond the scope of the project.
I don't understand.
Google Translate won't work for this game.
So, and, you know, Robbie made a point that the text on the screen was awfully small.
Yeah, maybe he couldn't read it.
So maybe the Japanese ideography of the characters didn't look right.
So, you know, who knows?
So maybe look for that in the future if they figure out how to translate it, or maybe that's just a wah-wah-wah.
So unfortunately no Torchlight for the Xbox Live for the Japanese version.
And I really don't want to have to share this news because the first iteration of this was just so horrible.
There's work that a new Doom movie is coming out.
Yes, we all remember in 2005, The Rock, Dwayne Johnson, did a, me being sarcastic here, wonderful version of Doom, in an attempt to do a movie on the first person shooter that got us in the early 90s.
But there's a reboot in the works that's going to completely ignore Dwayne Johnson's first version, thank God.
and of course like everything else in this freaking time and day it'll be in 3D oh of course will we have scenes with the gun in 3D?
probably or acid splatterings or bullets coming at you it wasn't in 3D but the perspective you were running around for parts of the scene with the gun swinging back and forth like you were in the video game I would be okay with this if they just struck Doom and made it Duke Nukem 3D sorry I'm just looking real quick I'm trying to bring back some memories here
Oh god, please don't.
I saw this on USA Network or TNT or something like that.
Oh, then they cut out all the violence.
Oh, they did, and the swearing, and it was still horrible.
Swearing and violence would have made it better.
Yeah, it was just bad people.
Doom is waiting.
So there's no release date.
There's no nothing.
It's just in the preliminary works and it's just a new project in the early stages.
Yay, another Hollywood reboot.
Just what we needed.
And in 3D, can't forget it's in 3D Oh my gosh We've run out of ideas completely Exactly, so Time to remake crap Look for that, hopefully, in the near future Oh yeah, can't wait There will be no hopefully looking forward to Much anticipation Alright, I promised someone we'd do a quick phone call here at this point in the show So we're going to make a phone call real quick And try to get this all taken care of I hope it's going through, I'm kind of relying on Skype tonight
and sometimes it can be a little... There we go.
One ringy dingy.
Two ringy dingys.
Hopefully there's an answer.
That might be quite embarrassing.
What?
Hi!
Is this DarkSakura?
Yes, this is.
How are you?
Did you make it to Disneyland in one piece?
Well, we're not at Disneyland yet.
We're going tomorrow, but we made it to the hotel room.
You're in that area, right?
Right.
I can look out of the window and see the parking structure.
There you go.
Now, aren't you down there because you get to hang out with the official OLR lesbians this week, or at least one of them?
Well, both of them on Tuesday.
We're going to Goofy's Kitchen together.
Well, I played a little solitaire.
Mostly I was vlogging.
And, uh...
Just singing along with some classic rock that happened to come on on a CD that I made so I knew it was on there.
And played some Marvel vs. Capcom 3 during the week.
Looking forward to the new characters to be paid to unlock?
Well, we're getting to McGrath.
Jill's not worth it.
Jill's not worth it.
So I gotta say, Matt2's doing a pretty good job filling in tonight.
His classic game of the week was very well received.
But he totally set the vault on fire.
And I just want to apologize for that in advance, that everything is on fire.
You realize Dan's going to castrate you before he kills you, right?
Dan scares Matt2.
Although, I did admit, yeah, the vault wasn't on fire.
It was a small ember burning, and you overreacted.
Luckily, they had a dry cam fire extinguisher under the sink, and I put it out.
He was putting his cigarette out in there, and I'm kidding.
I'm totally kidding.
We haven't even gone in there.
I know, I know.
I will say this.
Matt 2 brought me beer tonight, and not you.
Ha ha.
Okay.
It wasn't true, OLL Fashion List.
One of the hosts was slightly intoxicated, so I offered it to Loki.
Loki looked at me in disbelief and then said, er, and he handed it to Rob.
All right, so we're about to get into Twitter topics, but is there anything you wanted to say to the listeners tonight?
I have the best husband ever.
Why is that?
I just do.
He's pretty cool.
He's okay.
He's a keeper.
Because he's awesome.
Because he's awesome.
And he likes the pita sandwiches at the place you took me to this week, and that was pretty awesome.
All right.
That's what we had for breakfast.
All right.
Oh, no, I just kicked Shermie on accident.
I'm sorry, Shermie.
Did you notice what I did for you?
I washed her bed so it would not stink for you.
That is a big cat.
I know.
I washed her butt for you.
Thank you, that's so kind.
So that it would not stink.
Because her butt stinks.
The great lengths you go to for OLR.
Okay, so we've got to get back into video gaming news, but I wanted you to at least be able to say hello to the listeners.
So anything else before I let you go?
Listeners?
Why do I care?
No, hi.
Hi, everybody.
I'm at Disneyland and you're not.
You guys stay safe.
Have tons of fun at the park tomorrow.
Tell the OLR lesbians we said hi.
And Marissa, too, if you end up seeing her.
Marissa has a disease.
Oh, how sad.
She has the in-bed-with-cold-chills-and-running-fever disease.
Oh, sorry to hear it.
So everyone send Marissa happy thoughts because we love Marissa.
We do.
We do.
All right.
Well, you have fun.
Take care.
Until then, we said hey.
Will do.
Bye.
And we only stole one game.
I'm just kidding.
Huh?
And we only stole one game.
I'm just kidding.
Okay.
It better be Gyromite.
We've got like three of them.
All right.
Take care.
Bye.
She totally just gave us permission to steal Gyromite.
Sweet.
All right.
Is there Robbie back there too?
There might be.
I don't know.
All right.
Let's get to some Twitter topics.
I've been messing around, but she wanted to come on the show at some point.
Let's go to the tweets.
Twitter.com slash OLR Every week you guys send us your tweets and we sometimes read them on the show.
It just depends if we feel like it or not.
I don't know.
Alright.
No, I'm kidding.
Spazinator starts us off tonight sending us some tweets.
There is a few new free videos on the PSM Video Store.
Excuse me.
I have like beer burps tonight.
That's not good for radio.
Listen to this happy music while I cough up beer.
Pets!
Anyway, Spazinator says there's a few new free videos on the PSN Video Store, such as a rental of Ghost Rider and a few TV shows.
And he actually linked us to a blog post.
I guess Sony is now actually blogging about this stuff in some of the free movies.
There's some anime episodes.
So like right now, Full Metal Alchemist Brother and Afro Samurai are free right now.
Next week, FLCL and Trigun, Death Note, Kakaishi...
Naruto Shippuden and Vampire Knight Inuyasha, Bleach lots of free shit right now on PlayStation Network so check that out also yeah they're blogging all about that on the official PlayStation blog so poor Spazinator's gonna have to find something else to talk about on the show if I could just log into the PlayStation blog and see the video releases now I'm kidding alright
Moving on, a few folks talking to us from PAX East.
Hopefully some of them will call in when we get to the calls.
Let's see, Actdeft wants to tell us about a new rhythm game coming to PlayStation Network called Dyad.
It was shown at PAX East.
Linking us to a little trailer here on YouTube.
Hold on, let me stop the cute music here.
You're like zooming down this tunnel.
It's kind of like a Wipeout HD mixed with... Oh, what was that freaking game?
Audio Surf on Steam.
That's what this looks like to me.
That's cute.
I'm not sure how that's a music game.
It's like chiptunes or something is the music.
I wonder if that's the whole deal.
I will have to research more about that a little later.
Moving on to some more tweets.
Redertainment tweeting us saying, It's good to see Square issuing refunds over the Final Fantasy XI outage.
Treats their customers better than the airlines would in the same situation.
Oh, snap.
Good point.
Very good point.
Tiger Claw wants to bring this up.
AT&T is going to be introducing a bandwidth cap for DSL and U-verse customers this May.
Yes, Comcast folks have been dealing with this for some time.
But apparently now there is going to be a 150 gigabyte monthly usage cap for DSL customers and 250 gigabyte cap for U-verse users starting on May 2nd.
AT&T users from now through March 31st are going to start receiving notices informing them of the change in the company's terms of service.
There will also be overage charges if you go over, I guess it's $10 for every 50 gigabytes over the 150 or 250 gigabyte limit.
That's actually not bad because Comcast has been doing this for a few months now and they threaten to pull your coverage all together if you go over the 250 cap.
It takes a lot to go over.
It takes a lot to get over 250.
I was looking at my usage.
I think in the month of January I used 18 gigs.
and I play a lot of WoW.
That's my question.
I was going to say MMOs would be the suck off that.
I've never gone over 250 gigs and I download a lot of porn video.
Yeah.
Not ISOs at all.
Don't get me started on net neutrality.
Cable companies are going to destroy themselves with all this crap.
Just watch.
It's going to make piracy worse.
Watch.
It's going to make piracy worse.
All the net neutrality stuff is going to make it worse.
I'm telling you.
Look at the behavior of the internet.
And if you don't think that charging people extra money to access certain services is going to encourage people to get around that gate or for new services to start up to offer the same stuff in less legitimate ways, just you wait.
TigerClaw sends us another tweet about voice acting in Portal 2.
Announced at PAX, J.K.
Simmons will be doing a voice in Portal 2.
That is Juno's dad from Spider-Man, J. Jonah Jameson.
J.K.
Simmons will be doing this.
Cave Johnson is the character, the president and founder of Aperture Science.
That's a pretty big role.
There you go.
That'll be fun.
Was that demo at PAX East for Portal 2?
That's pretty awesome if it was.
Probably one of those behind closed doors thing, which is a little silly.
Blue Swim sends us a tweet.
Apparently a pro wrestler was one of the first to pitch a perfect MLB 2K11 game.
Yeah, here's the deal.
Did you know that they're doing this contest right now for MLB 2K11?
I saw a commercial for this the other day.
If you are the first to pitch a perfect game, you can win a million dollars.
Michael Manna, Stevie Richards,
and it's supposed to be harder than it was last year because you can't I think you have to actually use the legitimate rosters for players that are current up to that date you can't just you know power load your team or whatever like they did last year so it should be slightly harder so it may take like
Two days instead of one day.
And lastly, a tweet from Blue Swim saying Dead or Alive announced for the 3DS that there is going to be some DLC.
So yes, some DLC coming to the 3DS.
And it's going to be, let's see, the series boss characters, Alpha 152, Alpha Kasumi, Genra, and Tengu.
I'm sorry, they are not DLC.
They are just going to be in the game, which is pretty cool.
However, free downloadable content, 28 additional costumes.
Going to be free.
Cheerleader, Leifang, Ninja outfit, Ayana, and so on and so on.
La Mariposa in a white cat outfit.
Indeed.
More information available in Famitsu Magazine, which broke the news this week.
That's pretty awesome.
That's going to do it for tweets.
Twitter.com slash OLR if you want to show us your tweets next time.
In the meantime, let's go back into some news.
Yes.
So, I don't know.
I kind of ranted about this a little bit in the beginning.
But really, Dance Hero, apparently there were trademarks registered a while back.
I remember we were talking about Guitar Villain and Dance Hero and stuff like that.
We're like, oh no, they're going to do something like DDR.
Well, now apparently there's some more info regarding it.
Apparently, they're saying that...
There's some artists working with Activision on the franchise.
Yes, Timbaland, Jay Sean, The Prodigy, and Afrojack all have songs, I guess, that are going to be in this.
It's... I don't know.
I mean, I guess I could see them doing something similar like this, like Dance Central, because it's made money.
It's what's popular right now.
And...
Yeah, um...
Basically, they're saying the songs that are licensed so far 2012 by Jay Sean Featuring Nicki Minaj Out of Space by The Prodigy The Way I Are by Timbaland Take Over Control by Afrojack I don't know what they're going to really do with this I assume it's going to be something similar to Just Dance or Dance Central
Thanks, I hope they ruin this genre as well.
Haven't you done enough bad?
Interesting comment from GameGuru in our chatroom saying, I don't think Activision is following Dance Central, they are following just dance.
Okay, those aren't that different.
Well, they aren't, but I also kind of see the point that he might be making there with the whole kind of the style of the games and the way they control is a little bit different.
I guarantee this is probably coming out in the fall this year, you might guess, because they're going to have to have something to fill, I mean, what have they really announced that they're going to be putting out this year?
Call of Duty.
My question is, how is it going to be different?
Because otherwise, they're just setting themselves up for the same goddamn situation that got Guitar Hero canned.
If they come out at E3 and announce this fucking game, they need to say, and here's how it's different.
You better acknowledge your competition and tell us why it's better.
Otherwise, fuck off.
Our new Guitar Hero game is different because now it has drums and singing in it.
I don't care what it is, but you know Harmonix is bringing Dance Central 2 to E3 this year.
You know it.
That's gotta be their thing that they're working on now.
You know that's gonna be shown.
So if you can walk down the hall and see Activision and their little game, they better be prepared to say, this is how our game's different.
Otherwise, I do not give a fuck.
And you better bet your ass that Ubisoft's bringing Just Dance to the other consoles this year as well.
I mean, that thing sold out like crazy on the Wii.
Of course they're gonna be bringing it to the Kinect and the Move.
So they've already got right there two competitors for this, you know, genre.
And then whatever Konami's gonna just randomly show, too, could be involved in there, too.
I mean, I don't think Dance Masters exactly sold millions, but you never know.
Konami, bless their hearts, they're still trying.
They got DDR.
And props to them, though, for at least trying Dance Masters, what I consider a very Japanese game.
You're right.
Dance Masters is very different from Dance Central.
It really is.
You're not really looking deep at the music game if you pass them both off as the same game.
Because Dance Masters does function very different.
And that's the only thing that's kind of frustrating about it is the fact that it's so hard to really kind of get into, you know what I mean?
It's just like, I guess it's very much like Para where you just do it.
and that's it.
If they had a little bit more structure, if they had an actual tutorial or something to it, it might be better.
Hey, you know, sequel.
That'd be kind of cool.
Alright, well, Sony Europe has actually cancelled some games.
I don't know if any of these were dance games, like maybe SingStar, I don't know.
But unfortunately, I doubt that, by the way, I'm just trolling.
But Sony Computer Entertainment Europe has mentioned to the staffs at Studio Liverpool, London Studio, Evolution Studios, that they are going to be streamlining and closing various projects to move the development to other higher priority first party offerings.
So we're not talking layoffs or anything, we're just talking about these little games you are making?
Yes.
Sony Exclusives?
Yeah, I don't know.
So who knows?
Sony didn't say what projects were affected.
They didn't say anything about layoffs.
They did reiterate there is no impact in the role that the first party studios play.
It's just, I guess, moving the resources around.
Maybe they didn't like that LittleBigPlanet 2 didn't make Christmas because maybe it impacted sales.
I bet it did.
So maybe they're really stretching to make Christmas this year and they're really just kind of bringing it home on some of the first party games.
They're really going to put it all behind, which I could understand that.
I could understand that.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
I mean, they've got, what, first quarter so far, they've had LittleBigPlanet 2, they're gonna be having, well, Killzone 3, DC Universe, and PlayStation Move Heroes will be coming out, and then possibly Sorcery, and I think the Ico and Shadow of the Colossus collection, although both of those, I think, may have been delayed.
And then second quarter so far, they've got SOCOM 4, Motorstorm Apocalypse, Infamous 2.
I mean, I wouldn't say they're definitely putting out the releases.
So who knows?
I don't know what they're... I mean, Uncharted 3, they have for the fourth quarter.
Oh, that'll be the big thing they show you.
Resistance 3.
And then...
and I guess Twisted Metal possibly.
I wouldn't be surprised if that wouldn't be quarter one of next year.
All right.
Well, let's move on with a couple more stories.
We'll get to the mailbag here in just a moment.
But first, Matt Tu.
All right.
So for those who are fans of NBA Jam, your time with that game might be coming to an end.
So EA Sports is kind of a...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
to round out the great gameplay that defines a franchise for us to include roster and title update possibilities would have been a sacrifice of quality in those key areas and thus made the difficult decision not to include them so with NBA Jam and their post game releases as well as roster updates looks like the franchise is coming to an end
This franchise was so badly mismanaged from the beginning.
It was.
And it's really sad because it was this whole like, okay, it's only going to come out on the Wii.
No, just kidding.
It's coming on the PlayStation 3 and the 360.
But we're not going to do the obvious arcade thing.
And no, it's only going to be an exclusive with this subpar basketball game to try and get it to sell extra copies.
Oh, fuck.
This basketball game really sucks.
It's getting canceled.
Well, shit.
Now we better charge like $60 for four of these.
I mean, this franchise was horrible.
Horribly mismanaged from the start Shame on whoever ran this thing I mean, I guess they were trying to think of something outside the box But you fucked up Yeah, the marketing project manager on this was streamlined Probably out the door You know what?
I hate to say it, but they kind of deserve it This was a horribly mismanaged franchise This game should have been huge And it should have been on arcade Or it should have been a budget title If this game had been $30...
It would have sold.
Millions of people would have it.
But of course, classic sport games like their Madden franchise will still continue to get roster updates and support because that thing is still on fire and it's got a huge following for the Madden series.
They literally had to bring this game up.
They had to bump this from a B title to an A title to fill in the gap of a game that was so fucking terrible they had to can it.
Like, this game was set up to fail.
Absolutely set up to fail.
The time, money, energy spent to not release it is definitely a hit in their bottom line.
So for those fans of NBA Jam, looks like...
Whatever last copy you have to own or rent is the last iteration you're going to have.
Sell the franchise to someone who knows what to do with it.
Seriously.
Konami?
You never know.
I don't know.
Well, Konami did make Double Dribble back in the day, which is pretty sweet.
Oh, Double Dribble.
Who did Blades of Steel?
Was that Konami as well?
Yeah.
Konami knows how to do some pretty sweet sport games.
They're winning 11s.
Unfortunately, soccer is not big here in the U.S., but it's huge everywhere else, and that's a huge franchise.
I just remember playing that game.
Blades of Steel!
The only time that it had speech in an 8-bit NES game.
And Ten Yard Rush?
Ten Yard Dash?
I think Ten Yard Rush was the first party Nintendo title, I think.
That was another classic.
An old school game.
But anyway, so NBA Jam.
Coming to an end.
I mean, well, we don't know if it's dead for... I mean, they're stopping the roster updates.
They're not going to support NBA Jam.
It doesn't necessarily mean the death of it, but it's...
If I had a Magic 8-Ball, it would say, Outlook not good.
Definitely.
My gut says it's coming to an abrupt end.
Sorry to the fans of that game.
Spazinator in our chatroom at chat.orangelaunchradio.com says, if NBA Jam was either Xbox Live Arcade or PSN, I'd snatch it up in a heartbeat, but no such luck.
I would have done the same thing.
Yeah.
Lots of people would.
Where did NBA Jam get its start?
In the arcade.
Right.
Even if they had just buffed up the old version with new rosters, I would have been all over that.
I guess maybe the troubling part is getting the rosters to match the look and feel of the players of the animated heads and all that.
I don't know.
If you download something, it's an awful lot of content recreated visually to someone's exploited head.
I don't know.
It's sad.
But it's another sporting game that's kind of dying.
TigerClaw in our chatroom says, sell the franchise to Activision?
They'll end up releasing new NBA jams every year.
At least they'll get maintained, right?
We'll see.
Alright, moving on with some more news.
I don't know.
We talked a little bit about this, how there was a temporary injunction where LG won against Sony and they got some of the PlayStation 3 shipments held in Europe.
Well, Sony actually won overall and this was due to a patent dispute.
and now it's C, I guess they're saying that all the C's PlayStations have been released.
So that was quick.
And they actually only took about a day in the courts to settle everything.
Well, that was fast.
Yeah, exactly.
After all that news about like, oh my God, it's going to be a shortage of PlayStation 3.
No.
No, it's done.
And then on top of all that.
And here we stop.
And then on top of all that, LG had to pay legal fees.
Oh, they got laughed out of court.
And also they're saying that for each day that LG failed to comply, it would be fined the rate of 200,000 euros.
Ouch.
Which is still a buck and a half each.
That's a lot of money.
That's $275,000 in U.S.
dollars.
I think we might actually have some audio from the proceedings of the trial.
Let's see here.
I got ripped!
Ah, goddammit.
Somebody bombing on YouTube.
Never mind.
Did you just get Rickrolled?
I think I did a little bit.
I was trying to find a clip here.
Let me see if I can find this.
Okay, I think we have a clip here from the trial's proceedings here.
Let's see if we can get this out here.
That bitch scares me.
Fucking love Judge Judy.
You would.
She's amazing.
Did you see the episode with, she's doing her usual, you know, killing people with her eyes and her nose, and someone lit up a cigarette in the audience, not a plaintiff or defendant, but an actual audience member just chilling in the back, and she's there, you know, going off in her, you know, Diablo fire, spewing, and, who's, anyone smell smoke?
I smell smoke!
And some guy in the back, like, actually pretty well dressed, looked like in a suit, or at least in a sport coat,
Are you smoking, sir?
Get out of my damn courtroom!
Smoking a cigarette on TV on Judge Judy.
How random is that?
She still scares me.
I'm trying to see if I can find that in this.
It's not on YouTube.
It was a random episode that I just had me watching when I was, you know... There is this one, though.
What kind of cigarettes did you buy?
Marlboro Reds.
What?
Marlboro Reds.
Marlboro Reds?
Yep.
What is that?
Marlboro Reds.
Marlboro Reds.
It's my hearing or his speech.
It's his speech.
I'm not sure.
I think he smoked a certain type of cigarette.
I don't think I've ever seen the bailiff get sassy.
Did you hear that?
No.
No, it's his speech.
The bailiff is getting a little sassy.
I think he smoked a certain type of cigarette before going to court.
Anyhow, moving on.
There is no overturning this ruling.
If you want to sell your Game Boy Advance crap to GameStop, you better do it quick because they're going to stop buying all of this in April.
So I think right now they will buy a Game Boy Advance for maybe like $20.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
Although I will say I thought some GameStop still kind of specialized in selling old shit.
Like usually in a big city there's at least one GameStop that does kind of still carry the old shit.
Like the stockpile of NES games or I've seen regular Game Boy games for sale at GameStop.
Are GameStops franchised or corporate owned?
Corporate.
Then probably they conform to corporate doctrine.
But it doesn't mean that you can't put your GBA up on eBay.
Oh yeah.
Of course there's always eBay and there's indie stores as well.
Which by the way the one by my house closed.
Yeah, there used to be an indie store by my house.
It closed.
It's not the time.
It's just like arcades.
I know.
Sad.
Anyhow, let's go to the mailbag.
Every week you guys send us emails at mailbag at orangeloungeradio.com.
And we like to pick a few of our favorites and read them here live on air.
Mailbag at orangeloungeradio.com.
Very thin email bag this week.
I'm very disappointed in all of you.
Why look at me when you say that?
I don't know, because you're here.
Because Loki doesn't look at me during the show.
So anyway, he's too into his Grand Theft Auto hacking thing, so...
Which by the way doesn't seem to be working too well.
So we've got one email this week that I'm going to read for you guys.
But it's a good one because it's from Belgium.
Yeah?
Yeah.
So this is an email from Belgium.
They make good waffles.
Hello good folks at OLR.
My TV is about to die on me.
I'll have to buy a new one in the near future.
Can you give me any advice on what makes a good TV for gaming and watching DVDs on a 360 and watching analog cable TV?
How much milliseconds is good for gaming, contrast, etc. ?
you already seem to know what you're looking for because the delay is what you're going to want for gaming and the refresh rate on the screen I believe for like PC monitors you don't want to go any higher than four most monitors now are like two and I think the TVs are the same way aren't they two millisecond refresh something like that
Something like that.
I know I have a... Here's how nerdy I am.
I've got a 46-inch TV as my monitor for my office, for my PC computer.
Playing WoW on that thing is pretty fucking amazing.
It is slightly orgasmic and videos, quote-unquote, are nice on it too.
But definitely look at refresh rates.
Definitely look at megahertz refresh rate as well.
60 or 120.
High refresh is also preferred as well.
And keep in mind that the cheapy TVs right now only go as high as 720p in HD.
So definitely look at the pixelage on the TV.
Mine only goes as high as 1080i because I bought an HD TV kind of on the cheap when HD technology was still newish.
So they cut back kind of that way.
So double check that.
Don't forget to look...
at the obvious because sometimes they will kind of brush that over to cut a couple hundred dollars.
If it's cheap, there's probably a reason.
Always remember that.
Definitely 1080p and refresh rates are probably your two pieces of information you want to hold up.
Many people will tell you, though, you can't tell the difference between 1080p and 1080i.
I kind of beg to differ.
I think I can see it a little bit, especially in Blu-rays is where I can see it.
And also HDMI cables.
Get the gold-plated ones if you can.
There's a better strength to that, at least I've noticed.
All right.
SpazinatorPC in our chatroom says, Vizio's supposedly coming out with a $300 3D HD TV this year.
See, something's got to be wrong with it.
Although, I don't know, my main TV is a Vizio, and I've been relatively happy with it, except for the fact that it doesn't do 1080p.
Well, I have to look at, I paid only, what, $700 for it several years ago when HD TV was still kind of newish.
So, I...
I can't complain too much.
My TV monitor in my room is a LG 46-inch.
I forget the model number.
It's amazing.
Again, while on, it plays very well.
It serves well for monitor use and all that.
And yeah, don't skip on those two parts, the resolution and the refresh rate.
Well, moving on with our email from Belgium, there's more to it.
Also, I ripped the ligaments of my ankle a month ago during a soccer game.
Yes, sports are healthy.
Because of this, I'm unable to play any game on Kinect.
It made me think of the many disabled people who cannot play movement controlled games because of their condition.
When the future of gaming really is Kinect, Move, Wii, or whatever will be next, I hope there will be a proper alternative for them to play games.
Good point.
Interesting.
I don't know.
It's very interesting.
And it's something I think we've mentioned on the show before is that gaming can't always 100% be these technologies.
It's nice to have, but it shouldn't always be a necessity.
And I think there will always be something for that core gamer who just wants that controller in their hand to play an RPG or a shoot-em-up, whatever it is.
There will always be something for us.
Definitely.
A good mix is a good thing.
or maybe even games that take disabilities into consideration would be a great thing I mean unfortunately there's many ways a person can be disabled and you can't always think of everything but it's always good to see game companies be at least considerate of you know especially the big ones definitely
Well, thanks again for making the show every week.
You guys are awesome.
Greetings from Febreze, Belgium.
Thank you very much.
Wow.
Sounds like Febreze.
Not Febreze, I believe is the name.
I wonder if we can send the studio some waffles.
Alright.
And chocolate.
Chocolate waffles with chicken.
And fries.
Oh my god, Belgian fries.
Oh my god.
Road trip.
Seriously.
No, there's a place in New York City I went to once and there was this restaurant in New York City that just sold nothing but Belgian, like the French fry type thing, but like the Belgian big ones and like 20 different kinds of dips for the fries.
That's the only damn thing the store sold.
Packed.
Packed.
Wall to wall.
There's actually a place like that in Old Sacramento.
Is there really?
But not Belgium.
They do fries with different toppings or dips to represent another world.
Why has my fat ass not been to this place?
This sounds amazing.
Because Old Sacramento is touristy and we live here and we don't go there.
I guess.
I've been to Old Sac before.
It's weird.
They have Spanish with jalapenos and nacho cheese and they go to France and they've got blue cheese on them and crap like that.
The only problem I have, I can't believe this email is leading to talk about French fries, but whatever.
It's Orange Launch Foodio.
Deal with it.
The thing is that those restaurants usually, like the fries or the dips, like half of them are always mayo based and I, nope, those are out.
I won't do mayo based things.
Like french fries with mayonnaise, disgusting.
Anything with mayonnaise, disgusting.
If you've known me for any length of time, I hate, hate mayonnaise.
Good to know.
Yeah.
I won't be making any type of chicken salad for you for lunch today.
or put a honey mustard dip in it or something that's not freaking mayonnaise.
Anyhow.
Aw, the chat room's all, you guys are making me hungry.
Sorry.
Sorry.
All right.
Well, I guess maybe the hunger might lead to a little bit of angst because I know when I don't eat, I get mad.
So it's time for the FUs of the week.
Loki, start us off tonight.
Uh, fuck you to the stupid Grand Theft Auto texture editor.
It's out there, but it doesn't seem to do anything that's working or whatever.
Hate that crap.
And then, um... Yeah, that's basically it.
Screw that.
I waited all this time and it doesn't open anything.
Well, I'm sure there's something wrong or it's buggy or something, but I'll figure it out.
Matt Tu Fuck you to midterms, I've got two of them this week And I'm looking forward to finishing those And fuck you to income taxes, I'll have to be finishing those up here soon So I can mail out a check to Uncle Sam and Governor Brown Although it's really good to not say Governator anymore I will yield to that And F you to Loki's text your editor thing that I don't understand That he seemed pretty angsty about
F you to natural disasters because F you mother nature seriously because I'm really glad that everybody I know over in Japan is safe but unfortunately I know like thousands of people aren't safe and that's just it's just really hard to read because that could really happen anywhere so I just very sad so anyway there's an F you to that and I would also say F you to money I don't have enough of it I never do
and DarkSakura.com
Alright, a couple more stories for you guys and then we're going to open up the Skype line at 1-877-GAME-OLR or our username on Skype is Orange Lounge Radio.
That's not open yet, but it will be in a moment.
Yes, in case you're wondering why Activision does what Activision does, that is put game sequel out year after year, it's because they're only encouraged by people that buy those games and this isn't going to help if you're hoping for the Call of Duty franchise to go away.
Call of Duty Black Ops is the US's best selling game ever.
It has beaten everything in only about four months.
And that includes also the sales of Wii Play, which Nintendo claims is around 13 million copies.
I thought this was a down economy.
Oh my gosh, 13 million copies of Wii Play is way too many of that freaking game.
But even, oh my gosh.
See, I don't really play the Call of Duty games.
I can't really hate on them.
I've seen them played.
I understand why dudes like them, but not a series I personally get into.
So this is now the best selling game of all time?
All time.
Oh my gosh, that's crazy.
It really is.
Bigger than Mario 3.
Halo.
They sold 5.6 million units day one.
Bigger than WoW?
I guess so.
Bigger than everything.
Well, are you counting subscription base or are you counting true sales of the original expansions?
XBOX 720 and a Wii 2 announcement at E3.
Well, it has to do, and here's where they're coming from, it has to do with some tech demos that Epic is showing about the next-gen graphics because their whole Unreal Engine upgrade and all that.
The Guardian in the UK is reporting that there is going to be a Wii 2 that will include a Blu-ray drive, a quad-core processor, and a built-in LED projector.
The projector will display gameplay.
Weren't these the early rumors of the revolution?
That the 3D was going to be projected?
Although, funny enough, isn't it funny that we did end up getting 3D from Nintendo?
It just wasn't the Wii, it was the 3DS.
The Guardian should not be a source for anything when it comes to consoles.
Duh, there's going to... Sequel to successful console?
Really?
There's going to be a new console for Nintendo?
Whoa, I did not see that coming at all.
I love this too.
It's also the right time because Nintendo does console announcements every five years The Nintendo 64 in 96, the GameCube in 2001, and the Wii in 2006 So surely, Loki, surely the time is right for Wii 2
You know, we didn't become the super game analysts of the world for nothing, so let me just tell you how it's actually done, The Guardian.
First off, they're trying to extend their console cycles now because, well, it sucks making a new console every few years.
And honestly, technology does get better, but graphics-wise, what are you going to really push now anyways?
and they don't really care about graphics because they're Nintendo.
And that would make the price of their console go up quite a bit.
Now, not to say that we're not going to see another Nintendo console that's the Wii.
We may see something like we were seeing before that's kind of a next step like people were saying the Wii HD or something that may be a little bit more souped up.
Is it going to have an LCD projector in it?
Probably not.
Because that's...
That's stupid.
That's just kind of weird.
It's just ridiculous.
Why would I need a projector on my console?
To project things onto my naked body.
That's a horrible, horrible thought.
I have no words.
Mario could jump up and down on my wang
No, he took an LCD projector and respective cables and components and was able to project the image of the game on a blank wall.
But that's because we had to take down posters.
So a projector is going to need space, blank canvas to work on?
No.
It's not going to happen.
No, that's dumb.
I'm sorry.
No, they're not going to do that.
and, you know, quad core processor or something like that.
Really?
Really?
Quad core processor?
Is that what you think the fastest thing is out there?
I mean, you know, I mean, shit, the fucking 360 has more cores than that.
Nintendo's main release, I think, this year is not the Wii 2 or the Wii Squared.
It is the 3DS.
And that's what they're going to stick to.
They don't need to even think about a new console until their system starts becoming number one.
The Wii is still popular.
It's releasing still decent games.
People are still buying it.
People are still playing it.
The 3DS is going to continue that.
Now the thought is, of course, that they may want to try to get the jump on the next generation because 360 did have that jump and they did pretty well.
I don't know.
They're just not going to do some sort of Blu-ray crazy.
They don't need to.
Why?
For one, Sony owns Blu-rays.
That would be kind of weird.
Well, I still think that the next gen of consoles, especially on the 360s, you're going to see a Blu-ray drive or you're going to see something that's not a DVD drive.
They have to because of the capacity.
Yeah, because you just can't.
Essex says, didn't they always say never to use projectors with games?
It was always the first line in the various instruction manuals.
Yeah, because of burn-in, but that's just old school projectors, I think.
And even still, you're not going to want to do that because old school, even projectors nowadays, there's still some latency for that.
But no, why would you even have a fucking projector on a console?
That makes no sense.
Like I said, to project Mario onto my naked body.
It's seriously some guy making a story that, you know.
The cell tabloid.
Yeah, seriously, the guardian.
I mean, come on.
Spazinator in our chatroom says, Sky, that's a mental picture I seriously didn't need.
Thank you.
Is it possible to bleach a mental picture out of one's mind?
Yes, just pour the bleach into your ears.
I don't know.
Let me ask you here.
Hold on.
And now I present a little bit of Mario jumping on my wang.
Hold on.
Let's see if I can get this.
Project Mario here jumping on my wang.
Really don't.
OW!
Did he jump on a ball?
That was like the shittiest NES rip of a game I've ever seen.
Fucking YouTube.
No, but seriously, if they're going to do something with their next console or Wii, the next Wii or whatever, it's going to be just kind of an HD upgrade.
It's not going to be... I don't even think it would need to be necessarily on non-DVD platform because right now, I mean, fuck, they're not even really using dual-layer... There's like two games that have used dual-layer DVDs for the Wii.
There's no real need to do that.
In order for the Wii to be competitive, like for like, you need to throw in Blu-ray capacity and some type of body sensing motion device because that's what the two consoles have right now.
As Rob giggles like a little schoolgirl.
So what is the Wii squared to?
Maybe it's not a projector.
Maybe it's like a connect thing.
Well, then they're already on par with their competition.
They'd have to exceed their competition.
Now, this is getting off of Star Trek in me, but if they did some type of holography or hologram or something like that instead of a projection, then they'd have something.
But again, what would you use it for?
But no, it's The Guardian.
They're not really newsworthy.
It's entertaining.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
They called the most popular console in America right now is called the Wii.
That's what little girls do when they sit on the toilet.
They Wii.
I remember the commercials when it came out.
Those two creepy Asian guys would come up.
We would like to play.
I'm like, whoa, this game's for pedophiles or something like that.
This console's a little bit weird.
And then it was motion controlled and hilarity ensued.
What would you call the red ring of death on a console called Bacon?
I don't know.
There's got to be some type of joke there someplace.
It's not coming to me.
There would never be a ring or red on any Microsoft console going forward.
A Jewish Xbox?
This Xbox is kosher!
It's made by Jewish monks.
I tease because I love.
Come on, people.
All right.
I guess I could say something about, well, there is job postings at Microsoft looking for hardware engineers to, quote, define and deliver next-generation console architectures.
Well, no shit they're making a new Xbox.
Doesn't mean it's coming out at E3 this year.
These things are going to be, like, four years out, you know?
Be a while.
So...
Do you think Apple is rumored to release some type of a gaming console?
That's a lot of buzz in the whole Apple world.
Yes, it's called the iPad.
That is their gaming console.
Come on, people.
That's retarded, first off.
Oh, goody, I get to plug an HDMI cable into my iPad and be tethered to my TV.
No thanks.
Oh, and I'm sure that cable cost you $40 to make, fuckers.
$30.
Oh, my mistake, $30.
Well, that totally makes sense.
I bought one.
A piece of cable that's like a few feet long.
What, like six feet?
I remember the size.
It was $29.99 for the HD adapter thing to send in 1080p from the pad to a compatible TV.
So I'm going to credit AkumaJP in our chatroom for this comment, but perhaps this could be the sequel to the Nintendo Wii, could be this.
She's an awfully jolly lady.
Sitting on a toilet, sitting on a toilet, sitting on a toilet, now flush The Nintendo Flush, this year at E3 It's videos like that that keep me gay
Rob, why do you do this to me?
I thought we were friends.
It was the chatters.
The chatters said it.
But you played it.
It's every gamer has a voice, even that lady.
She's one of those challenge people that probably couldn't use the Kinect because she'd be sitting on the toilet and have minimal body movement for the Kinect.
Oh, Lord.
I had to go home and favorite that now.
It's pretty awesome.
Spread it around.
You gotta admit.
I was trying to find the 8-bit remix of that song to prove that she plays video games, but...
I don't know, I guess it's not on YouTube anymore, whatever.
Anyhow, I guess we can open up the Skype line now and take some calls.
1-877-GAME-OLR, username on Skype is Orange Lounge Radio.
Give us a call, we'll talk about whatever it is you want to talk about tonight.
Hopefully it's gaming related, but if you want to talk about sitting on the toilet, then more power to you.
So the phones are open right now, let's take some calls.
We'd rather you didn't talk about sitting on the toilet.
That's true, so let's go to some calls.
Hi, you're on Orange Lounge Radio, who's this?
This is that one, Ake Ripper from Sweden.
What's up, Ake Ripper?
I haven't heard from you in a while.
How you doing?
Yeah, well, I have been away or... Oh, no, I haven't been away.
I've just been sleeping like when you're on.
Unfortunately, so... No worries.
What's on your mind tonight?
What was I going to say?
Well, I could talk about Dragon Age 2, which I have already finished.
Ah, what did you think?
It's marvelous.
Once again, the minor story behind it, well, I got it on, what was it, Wednesday?
Wednesday, and I got it pretty early, because it locked up.
It was unlocked at midnight to Thursday, my time.
So, like, what is it, at 3 o'clock
on Wednesday your time I think it is uh-huh and uh get on lock yeah yeah yada yada uh and like well well it's like 40 or 50 hours later I beat it and it was quite nice yeah really it's thumbs up do you recommend it um I do recommend it highly how was the lovemaking huh how was the lovemaking
It was quite nice, I do say.
It was quite nice.
Yes, it's a nice.
It's quite a nice.
But here's the other thing, though.
Since, really, I almost... But here's the other thing.
Well, I did make love to one of the characters, but here's the other thing, though.
I...
What, I, since really, really, really, these love scenes in both Mass Effect and Dragon Age Origins and Origins 1 is awkward beyond fucking awkward!
It's like, I don't even want to see, I close my eyes!
Really?
Really?
What the hell?
This is the best video game review we've ever had on this show.
I'm glad to be here present for this.
But other than that, it really is a kick-assing ass game.
Unfortunately, a bit shorter than the first Origins, but it's on par with Mass Effect 2, and maybe even longer than Mass Effect 2 on second thought, so...
Well, I would say really bye.
And also, it really makes up for wondering, yeah, how the fuck will they continue this?
Even though, one of the comments that I found on Twitter is that the whole story in Dragon Age 2 is like an origin story, if that makes sense.
Overall, yeah, so thumbs up.
Also, Tactics Orger has finally been released, and that's quite funny.
Also, on side notes, as usual, I play as a girl character because...
I don't... Because here's the other thing, though.
I don't even like playing as a male character because, well, hello, I'm one of those trannies, whatever, that's not... If I even would choose... I don't even want to be a man, and I don't want to be a girl, either.
That doesn't even necessarily have anything to do with it, though, because I like to play... All of my characters in World of Warcraft are women, and that's just because people are nicer to you because they think you have big boobs sitting there behind the monitor.
It's totally like selfish reasons, like, you know.
Well, in a way.
Also, yeah, and yeah.
And also, in a kind of way, there are, I should point out also, I play as usual, I play, I was on the difficulty settings of casual, which means that I in one way breeze it through and was all like, yeah, yeah, whatever.
But here's the other thing, though.
Even though if you play on casual, you will actually have minor problems.
On two places, though.
Which I did have problems on two places, but after all I did some thoughts on two things, and was like, yeah, it's not that hard, really.
But it will be kind of hard in some places.
Well, I don't blame you for playing on the easiest level.
I've been playing Torchlight on the easiest level, because I just want to jam through the game and kind of see everything that's there.
But sometimes you just want to kind of take in the story, or in some cases, get straight to the lovemaking.
Yeah, but also...
Also, since I've seen the ending to Dragon Age 2, it makes me wonder, it makes me actually want to replay Origins, so my warden can make love to a certain character.
So to set up certain things in Origins 2.
You have to go back and get the right characters to fall in love so that the lovemaking can continue in 2 now.
Or the STDs.
Yeah, can you pass STDs from one game to another?
Alright, Aki Ripper, to be quite honest, I don't ever want this call to end.
Also, before I go, also...
There has been released a new trailer for apparently two expansions on Sims games.
Ah, yes.
One apparently animal expansion for the console version, and then we have called, like, what is it, Sims 3 Pets or something?
Right.
And then you have some Sims 3 Generations.
Right.
Which is apparently for the PC version.
Unfortunately, though, there has been no signs of weather effects.
Which is a bit sad, because I do want weather effects.
But here's the other thing, though.
It makes interesting, because, well, raising kids in Sims is quite fun.
And with this expansion, it will expand that.
Do you think there'll be a Sims 4 anytime soon?
Not likely.
Not that it seems so.
Also, side note, they don't say any date for the Generations 1, but for the Animal Expansion on console, it said November 2011.
So, yeah.
Alright.
Well, I gotta let you go so I can get to some of the calls because I got people from PAX East that are just dying to get through.
Honestly, you need to have a video game review podcast.
You need to think about it.
Later on!
Take care, buddy.
Yeah, later.
Bye.
Where is he from again?
Sweden.
I'm going to Sweden.
I'm going to do a rare outbound call because I promised these guys they could get through and it's about PAX East so I want to do this call real quick if I can sorry to those folks trying to get through right now but I did promise this call because I want to talk to at least one person that went to PAX East this week we'll do some more incoming calls in a minute just hold on hold on guys
By the way, a question in the chat room if I've played Mortal Kombat Hey, it's Rob from Orange Launch Radio Hello It's Rob from Orange Launch Radio, who's this?
Hey, it's DJ Ranma S and DDR Gollum Bill Hey you guys, some of our regular callers here at Orange Launch Radio But I know you guys went to PAX East, right?
So fucking tell us about it, what happened, what'd you see?
It was great, but Rob, before we continue, there's one thing you need to know.
What?
Yeah.
The anime title, SLCL, it's called Fuli Kuli.
Oh, my bad.
I'm just, I'm not, you know, cultured enough to know these things.
I'm sorry.
I knew that.
It's okay.
We forgive you.
All right.
I've learned something here on the show tonight.
Tell me about PAX East already.
I don't care about that damn anime.
Okay, Rob, I played the 3DS, it's fucking awesome, yeah
No, doesn't matter at all.
It's the technology, right?
The first time you see it, it's kind of, did you do that thing where you looked at it and then you went, whoa, whoa, this is like real.
Yeah, and the funny thing is, back where I used to live, where I used to get my monthly bus passes, they actually had a 3D effect similar to the 3D screen, so I was automatically used to it.
Right.
So what did you get to play on it?
The Legend of Zelda The Ocarina of Time And what did you think?
It was great Now here's something I don't know if you've covered it Because the stream was dropping As we were traveling But when you play with When you grab the slingshot You can actually move the 3DS around For targeting in the game See these are some of the new features Oh that's it I have to totally buy this Rehash of a 64 game Because they have motion controls now Oh It's different
He's been hatin' for a couple weeks now, it's alright.
But yet, did you hear the part where he's ordered both a Japanese and an American 3DS?
I didn't, but Alpha Conagrin, he was, he was like, it was amazing.
Wow.
Get that look of like, fucking orgasm.
It was amazing.
Of course!
Of course.
Of course everybody's going to be playing that.
Did you check out the Classic Gaming Room while you were there?
Yeah, I got in there for a little bit.
It had all of your favorite games in there too.
Awesome.
What about panels?
Did you spend any time going to a panel or anything?
I went to the video game music panels.
I went to one about OC Remix where two of the composers did live the opening to Final Fantasy VI.
Oh, that's hot.
Yeah.
Was that as awesome as it sounds?
Was that as awesome as it sounds?
Nice.
Very cool.
Alright, so what was like the best thing about PAX East altogether?
What was the demo for Duke Nukem Forever like?
What was the demo for Duke Nukem Forever like?
Was there titties?
Real life titties, yes.
Oh, yeah.
Wait, wait, wait.
Are we talking about Duke Nukem Forever still or are we talking about like you just saw titties in the expo hall like randomly?
I'm talking about the booth babes, my brother.
The booth babes.
Of course, the booth babes.
Nice.
Well, anything else you want to get out about PAX East before I get to more calls?
It was fun.
It's worth it to come because as we were hanging out Saturday night,
The way it was laid out, it was not really stressful.
It kind of revitalized the reason why I go to conventions.
And also, there was no appointment per se set up for demos.
You could email them, and they would email you back if you wanted time to come in to check out particular products and games.
But even though I was pressed, you had to wait just like everybody else, except on Saturday, where you were allowed in an hour early.
We couldn't do that because we had to drop off Misty and Alpha Cananagram at the train station and the airport.
Aw, bummer.
Alright, well, maybe somebody in chat will yell it out.
I'm sure it's hit the internet somewhere.
and OLR Invasion next year.
Next year, PAX East 2012, OLRCon.
It's going to be you, me, DarkSakura, Loki, DDR Dollar Bill, Misty, Alpha Cananogram, Zaku, the whole crew.
We're getting a suite.
We're getting some alcohol.
We're bringing the 360s.
We're going to jury rig the TV.
We're going to get our gaming on.
And boobs.
Hell yeah.
Alright.
All right, well, you guys have fun.
Be safe on your drive back, and thanks for letting me bug you, even though you're on the show every week anyway, Ranma.
All right, later, guys.
Later, DDR Dollar Bill.
Drive safe.
I said later, DDR Dollar Bill, too.
Drive safe, you guys.
Later.
Awesome.
Let's get some more calls.
Hi, you're on Orange Launch Radio.
Who's this?
Zaku here.
Hey, Zaku, buddy.
What's on your mind?
Yep, I also, I too also went to PAX with Adam.
Awesome!
Also known as Rama.
You were also, uh... Yeah, I mean, yeah, sure, it was my first PAX, but at least, at least I was able to, you know, to pull off a decent trip to Boston.
Even though it was like, the way I see it is this, what the fuck?
It's all good.
What did you think of PAX East?
What did you play?
So what I was saying is that, yeah, I mean, you know, I did try to partake in most of the things, you know, on the show floor, but they were just like, the lines were too long.
It's like, there was no way I was going to spend two hours waiting to see what's inside the L.A.
Knorr booth, let alone the Battlefield 3 one.
By the way, just quickly, I know Adam Perfect, he endured whatever he did to see the 3DS, but it was just like,
Pax is a poor man's E3
Pretty much.
I mean, compared to all the other cons I've been to, you know, even the ones I've been to in the Javits Center in New York, this was by far one of the largest I've ever been to.
Well, I gotta say, you know, the East Coast sadly doesn't get a lot.
So I'm not surprised at all that everybody comes in.
So PAX does fill that void for folks that can't actually make it out to E3.
So it's like...
It's creating that whole experience, that experience itself, without having to go on the other side of the country.
But more to my point, I did cosplay on Saturday, and I'm just trying to upload the picture I took personally.
I mean, I post for several pictures, some for media, but I didn't make Kotaku's role.
But I'll upload mine.
Well, let me ask you quickly.
I want to take it back to the games a little bit.
Even though the lines were long, I'm assuming you got your hands on some things, right?
Yeah, some.
I wouldn't say a lot, but it's like I was just going from some booths.
What did you play that's worth talking about right now?
Oh, man.
I can't even think off the top of my head.
Homefront.
Homefront, yeah.
Pretty much, that's definitely one thing I'm going to buy on Tuesday.
Well, for PC that is, but the 360 version is just as good.
That was what I was able to get my hands on without having to wait hours in line.
Most of the major titles there, you're going to spend hours just going through two or three of them.
And that's going to cut into most of your day on the show floor.
Did you get to do any other of the sights and sounds of E3?
Yeah, I went to the harmonics panel.
Oh, how was that?
Saturday.
Did they comment on the whole sale from MTV and all that?
No, it was just like, well, what they did was like a reverse Q&A where they actually, you know, where the panel asked questions to, you know, the fans that lined up to speak.
So I was basically asked a question on, you know, how to deal with, like, asshole...
You know, fans that complain about some of the most obvious and unrealistic things about the game.
And so I was basically asked my opinion on that particular subject.
What'd you say?
I managed to relate it to the DDR scene.
Well, my local DDR scene.
And I pretty much got a pretty good ovation out of it.
Hmm.
If it was recorded live, I'm pretty sure my comment was up there.
If the panel mentions a military zombie, that was me.
So are you going back to PAX next year?
Yeah, I mean, this time I have to stay in the hotel right next to the con.
But yeah, I'll definitely do it.
It's just that I may have to take that day off, that Friday off, just to get...
just to get my hands on the show early.
I took a whole week off to go to E3, although I'm probably not going this year.
But, yeah, it's a lot.
All right, well, Zacho, buddy, I'm going to let you go so we can get more calls, but I'm glad to hear you had a good time at the show.
Even if you can get your hands on all the good stuff, sounds like you found a few gems in there somewhere.
Yep, sure did.
All right, well, hopefully see you next year.
Definitely Alright, later Bye
New York is a lot of fun
1-877-GAME-OLR or our username on Skype is Orange Lounge Radio.
What the hell?
We usually only do three, but I'm feeling generous tonight.
Let's do one more call.
While we wait for a call... Oh, call's coming in right now.
I guess we'll go to it.
Hi, you're on Orange Lounge Radio.
Who's this?
Hey, this is Baz in here.
Hey, buddy.
What's on your mind?
Just to be different this week, rather than talking about videos, I'll be touching on MMOs this time.
All right, MMOs.
Yeah, specifically two of them.
DC Universe Online and Final Fantasy XI yeah mainly because you guys kind of touched on them earlier so well one thing that wasn't mentioned that is kind of interesting if not is that supposedly at least with DC Universe Online sometime within the near future I think within the next month or two
There's going to be a digital download version appearing on the PSN store I had heard of that, that they're going to do a full digital download Which wouldn't be too unrealistic I mean, Xbox 360 does something similar already with some of the games I believe PlayStation has a handful of games you can buy I want to say one of them was day and date of Street Release War of Warcraft, the latest expansion was full digital download as well Which was awesome
Yeah, well, some doing that has ups and downs depending on how you look at it.
On one hand, yeah, there's...
The convenience factor, no doubt about that.
At least with the beta that went on, granted it was beta, not the full retail releases, obviously there's going to be differences.
But at least with the beta, that was a pretty freaking huge file.
I mean, it was like, what, ballpark figure of 15 gigabytes?
It was huge.
Yeah, and even if you got a pretty hefty hard drive inside your system, there's still a good chunk of your hard drive dedicated to one game.
But hopefully most PS3 owners have already, at least at one point or another, already upgraded their hard drive at least once.
So what do you want to say about Final Fantasy XIV?
Oh, actually 11, not 14.
Oh, sorry, 11.
Yeah, but, well, you know how you were mentioning that, at least temporarily speaking, that they're going to be shutting down the servers for the game because of the recent earthquake?
Right.
Well, just prior to that earthquake hitting, they had made an announcement saying,
that they're already going to be like consolidating some of the servers.
Uh-oh.
That's usually the sign for the MMO that things are going downhill.
But you know what, though?
Come on.
Final Fantasy XI's had a good run and Sony did kind of probably siphon some of the players with the release of XIV.
Kind of cannibalized XI a little bit.
Yeah, well...
Now, I hate to mention a rival podcast, but this is where I got the information from.
There's a podcast that's dedicated to Final Fantasy XI called Limit Break Radio.
I've heard of that show.
And they had a very small podcast, their most recent entry was
for that show on their website.
The main host had mentioned that the first time they consolidated the servers, there was a need for it then.
Yeah, they could see what they did, but the second round of consolidation of servers, they
They don't see what the logic behind that was, because once this new round of consolidation goes through, the servers would probably actually be overpopulated, and for those trying to do the endgame kind of thing, it's going to be a lot more difficult for those people, because the competition for the...
They might be worried that they're going to hemorrhage more users because of some of the other MMOs that are out, you know, just with Rift and DC Universe and so on.
Maybe they're just worried.
They're kind of being proactive, I suppose.
Yeah, well, it's kind of sad to see Final Fantasy XI going to throat for the reasons that you just mentioned, because
It's kind of like foreboding.
Granted, I haven't played the game in a year or two now because of financial reasons.
but I was always hoping that eventually once I was able to I could get back into the game because I love the game so much.
There'll always be at least one server up.
It's a Final Fantasy game.
It'll never die completely.
I want to ask you real quick before I let you go since you brought up MMOs and I know you're big on Sony products and Sony fanboy and all that and you like free things.
What do you think about the announcement of Free Realms coming to PlayStation 3?
Well, I really haven't formed an opinion as of yet because, honestly, I haven't played three rounds either on the PS3 because it hasn't come out yet for it.
And I just got my computer not even two months ago and it just barely runs some games, albeit poorly.
So until I actually play something, I can't really...
I'm willing to at least give it a try.
I'll tell you what, once I give it a try, let's see, for a multitude, I'll either send an email or call in and
essentially give a mini review of it.
All right.
That way I can be a little bit more fair and be honest about it.
All right.
We'll be looking to hear from you.
All right.
But for now, we're going to let you go so we can wrap up the show.
But have a good one, buddy.
Yep.
You too.
Take care.
Later.
Alright, that's going to do it for the Skype line tonight.
Thank you guys so much for calling.
Sorry to those that didn't get through.
If you didn't get through tonight, you know, you can always send us an email.
Our mailbag had like one email in it tonight, you guys.
Mailbag at OrangeLoungeRadio.com Type out your thoughts and we'll read them next week on the show.
But for now, last minute stories.
I forgot to ask Loki.
We had some back-to-back calls tonight.
Loki, did you have any last minute stories?
Not too much, actually.
This is kind of stupid considering DJ Hero.
I care about that.
I don't really care about this.
But Guitar Hero, hey, look, there's more DLC coming out.
I know we said that we weren't going to put anything out because we're done with that series, but the fans asked for it, so we're putting out more DLC.
Well, thank you for graciously giving us DLC for your game that you've decided to discontinue.
Whatever.
Anyway, so those tracks coming to Guitar Hero Warriors of Rock, they're from the artist Trapped, and you get modern... Didn't you read this earlier in the show?
I already did.
Shame on you, Loki.
Sorry!
You were trying to design textures for GTA.
There can be only one Matt.
I didn't read the story with any angst.
I was trying to do a little bit of a journalistic... It's still stupid, though, because they say... Oh, well, we're just continuing the series.
Ah, just kidding.
We're going to put it out because the fans want it.
Who listens to the fans?
Um...
Toastie!
All right.
Well, that's going to do it.
I guess if that's it for the last minute stories.
I believe it is.
Another episode of Orange Lounge Radio has come to a close, but not before we say goodnight to everybody.
Starting off with Matt, too.
Thank you for being here tonight and filling in for DarkSakura.
Thanks for the invite.
I appreciate it.
You did a good job with the news tonight.
Well, thank you very much.
All right.
So we'll have to have you back again sometime.
Hopefully not to fill in for someone.
Exactly.
Just to be the fourth wheel at another point.
Fifth.
You've got the chat room.
That's true.
We do have the chat room.
They are the always present fourth guest on the show.
I'll be the spare tire.
The fifth wheel.
I'll be the spare tire in the back.
Excellent.
I'll be the junk in your trunk.
Well, we'll see you again.
Don't wait two years before coming back.
Do you have any final thoughts for our listeners?
Um, Nutrisystem sucks.
Although it's working, it sucks.
I did have dinner tonight consisting of buffalo wing pretzel bites and macaroni and cheese in a cup.
Delicious.
Yes.
Not.
I'm gonna go eat something else when I get home.
Final thoughts, no, really great to be here.
Hopefully I'll be invited back on your other podcast in the future so I can be the Deckard Cain of your show and
Stay a while and listen.
Of course.
But no, thank you for having me, Loki.
Always a pleasure seeing you.
And I will work on my angst next time.
And thanks for the beer!
Did it work?
Maybe.
Maybe.
I've got two more at home.
Awesome.
Alright, I want to say a final thought.
Headaches suck.
Beer doesn't make headaches better either.
That's too bad.
Loki, your final thought tonight.
I am tracking my 3DS.
It's coming out of Oakland right now, so I will have that tomorrow for sure.
Unless the plane crashes or they lose it.
Or it doesn't get stolen in Oakland.
Alright, that's going to do it for another episode of Orange Launch Radio.
Thank you guys so much for downloading and listening to our show.
We really appreciate it.
We don't ask for anything to do this show except tonight we do ask you to donate at least $10 to the Red Cross, forego a game, and donate to those in need this week.
It's very important.
However, outside of that, the way you can help promote this show and continue what we do here, just tell a friend.
Tell a friend about the show.
Even if you like, I don't know who to tell about the show, leave a nice five-star review on iTunes or wherever it is you found this podcast at, forums,
I actually get the little emails from Google and see people talk about it on forums and I just really appreciate you guys that say nice things about the show.
It doesn't go unnoticed.
I really appreciate it.
So until next time, we'll be back with DarkSakura to do it all again next week.
I hope you all have a wonderful night and until then, bye-bye.
Be safe this week.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is an Orange Lounge production.
To join us for a live show, visit www.allgames.com Sunday nights at 6pm Pacific Time.
The views and opinions expressed on Orange Lounge Radio do not necessarily reflect those of the entire staff of Orange Lounge Radio or allgames.com, but we're probably right anyway.
See you next week!
