Sky, and Loki.
Tonight, March 20th, 2011, some big games get delayed.
The NES classic River City Ransom will soon have a sequel.
And could a Silent Hill game be on the way to Xbox Live Arcade?
DarkSakura.com
I beat your butt at pinball effects.
It's pinball effects on what?
PS3?
Xbox.
You were literally showing me this while the opening was going so I didn't have time to process this.
Because I just found the picture.
Yes, I'm putting it up on our thing.
Oh, gee, thank you.
No, it's the icons because I think it's cute.
Your icon's like, sad face.
Mine's like, one!
Oh wait, is that Next Monster 60?
The FX2 or whatever?
The new one?
Well, we don't have FX2.
We just have FX.
But it's got samples of the FX tables.
But we'll get into that in my gaming week.
I was going to say, at some point, I don't want to spoil your gaming week, but you should get the FX2 because the shell is free.
No, I totally want.
I totally want.
Go for it.
Also joining us tonight, say hello, as he does every week, to the one and only Tech Master, Loki!
Hi.
How are you, Loki?
Good.
Awesome.
And Loki's brought some new toys to the show tonight that he's been showing off.
Yes.
You want to tell our listeners about what you've brought to the studio?
I brought a 3DS from Japan.
I'm not privy enough to get one of the US ones early.
I am going to be getting one on time, though.
Nice.
With Street Fighter, because...
That's the bundle I picked.
And then Motor Store Apocalypse.
I got review code for that because Sony loves me so much.
Or because I bought it off eBay.
Nice.
Yes, I noticed you've been taking pictures over and over there, and you've been uploading them to originalstudio.com.
I actually took a picture on the 3DS of myself, so I could see myself in 3D, so that, you know, because looking in a mirror obviously isn't good enough.
I wanted to see what I would look like on a 3DS, the picture.
But I can't, like, unfortunately, I can't upload that.
I can't.
You can, but it's a format that only I think 3D devices can read.
It's like some sort of weird format, but it's for 3D devices.
So it wouldn't do me any good to upload it to OrangeLaunchRadio.com because no one would see it.
You wouldn't be able to see it unless you have a 3DS or maybe some of those special cameras or the phones or whatever that can view 3D stuff.
Or maybe a 3D TV.
I don't know if you could view pictures on a 3D TV.
I would not want to blow up that picture to the size of a 50 inch television.
I noticed the resolution on the camera is kind of... They're VGA cameras.
It's really just a gimmicky thing right now.
But like 10-year-olds will have a field day with it.
I'm having a field day with it.
Are you really?
I have to admit, I was nosy the first thing I did before I took a picture of myself was I looked at everything you were taking pictures of.
And it's just cat...
Oh, it's the cat.
Oh, look, more pictures of the cat.
Oh, here's a picture of his desk at work.
Oh, and here's the cat again.
Well, it's... She was the only... She was there at the time, so, you know, that's why I took a picture of her.
No, but it's... She's so exploited.
It works really well with stuff that has a lot of depth in it.
I mean, because if you just take a picture of... I took a picture of triple bacon pizza, so... Well, thankfully, my nose is gigantic, so there's a lot of depth there, but that was...
You can actually almost... The photo that I took of the game while I was playing it, you can actually almost see the 3D in it.
It's actually kind of neat.
Almost.
Almost.
You can actually see the layers in the image is what you can see.
Eventually it'll be kind of cool because maybe you can download the pictures through the web browser.
When it comes out in May... That's awesome.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Maybe it would help justify to the wife the cost of everything.
It's like, oh, I'll get you Nintendogs.
Anything like that?
She wouldn't.
No.
She doesn't care.
She doesn't care.
She thought Nintendogs was dumb to begin with.
I thought Nintendogs was dumb, but I had to see what it looked like in 3D, and it looks pretty cool.
Very fuzzy.
They are very fuzzy.
And my whole row, they're just treating them like they're real dogs.
It's just like, oh, the puppies are here.
It's our official puppies.
I'm like, okay.
Okay.
I would play Nintendogs.
Maybe that one won't make me feel completely violently ill to my stomach.
I'd play it for like 15 minutes.
I used to play it for 15 minutes during my break at work.
And then I would forget about my puppies and they would run away.
Are you going to get one at lunch?
I don't know.
I might have to wait a little bit just because some of the other stuff is going on.
Yeah, it's probably fine.
I think it'll be okay.
There's only one game.
I mean, other than...
Street Fighter, then I'm getting with the US one.
And Street Fighter's kind of like, eh.
It was either, okay, well, the three options I had were Street Fighter, Samurai Warriors, which, eh, I don't care about Samurai Warriors, and...
I don't remember.
Oh, Madden or something like that.
I don't want Madden.
So I picked Street Fighter.
And then I'll probably pick up Pilotwings because I want to play Pilotwings.
Yeah, I would play Pilotwings.
That looks fun.
Otherwise, I'll probably wait for the Kid Icarus game.
Yeah, Kid Icarus looks awesome.
But Pilotwings, I'm very disappointed there's only three types of...
Well, but the Super Nintendo one was maybe four.
I guess, wow, it's kind of sad that it was more than... Oh, yeah, because they keep forgetting, like, what, every fifth stage was like this random shoot-em-up that you would have.
So it was actually like a fifth.
Well, they have that kind of stuff in there, but it's still, it's only... Hang gliding, jetpack, skydiving...
There's another one.
Oh, Biplane.
Biplane.
And then the shoot-em-up stages.
I don't know.
Anyway.
But, I mean, come on.
If you can pull off four on a Super Nintendo, I think you can maybe pull off more than that.
I mean, come on.
I mean, let's be honest here.
The geometry for the levels and stuff like that, you're using WooHoo Island or whatever from Wii Sports.
You have the island, the 3D object created.
I keep forgetting that WooHoo Island's like a character now.
Oh, it's.
Dumb.
It's a character no one cares about.
It's an island.
Big deal.
Someone can make an island, especially with the level of graphics that they're putting in there.
I mean, come on.
This is the type of stuff that you would have seen in Prop Cycle.
Hell, Prop Cycle had more detail to it than this stuff.
But...
It's just that, I mean, right there.
Oh, you don't have to create the island, which is kind of a major part of Pilotwings.
So you have to model the planes and weather vehicles and stuff.
And then you have to place your markers around and stuff like that and code the rest of the game.
It didn't seem to me that that would have been a lot of work.
You know what I mean?
Sorry, I'm just checking out some gameplay video of Pilotwings and remembering how freaking awesome this game was on Super Nintendo when it first came out.
Like, seriously.
And now that I look at it, I'm like, gosh, the basics for this, I mean, it's really just a very simple graphic of the island with the Mode 7 trick.
But it just, I remember this game was the shit when it came out.
Yeah, and you know what?
And I bet you anything that they're going to re-release this on the Virtual Console for that.
And I will bet you anything they will code a new emulator for it that everything that has goddamn Mode 7 is going to be in 3D.
and all the like parallax stuff that was in there, you know, different layers, sprite layers and stuff like that will be offset in certain distances.
That's what's going to happen.
Well, they said it was going to be as simple as anything that had a z-axis would be, you know, able to be made in 3D, so...
Kind of neat.
Going to our chat room, the ever-present fourth guest on our show, chat.orangeloungeradio.com.
Big thanks to those of you guys that like to show up every week, and I love this chat, these comments here.
Black Wolf, our old pal that does the show before us here at All Games Radio, the Bobby Black Wolf Show.
He starts at 5 o'clock Pacific when we start at 6.
And yes, I'm leaving the Pilotwings gameplay going because I'm being nostalgic.
Black Wolf says, fact, Dead Island also takes place on Woohoo Island.
Phonely.
And GameGuru says, Woohoo Island as a fighter for Super Smash Bros.
4.
There you go.
Anyhow.
It'll be a stage.
Alright, so what else did you bring to the show with you?
You brought a PlayStation 3, right?
I brought a MotorStorm Apocalypse.
And it's all sorts of awesome.
It's basically...
You're racing through this city that's been destroyed by an earthquake, among other natural disasters.
And so now you're basically racing through that.
And then at the same time, they've got a little bit of a storyline going on where there's this corporation that basically wants you and these crazy homeless people out of the city.
And the crazy homeless people are throwing molotovs at you during the races.
www.DarkSakura.com
and this air raid siren goes off and all of a sudden the bridge starts shaking and starts collapsing right as I'm racing through it and that was all sorts of cool and then there was another stage I was racing on a motorcycle and all of a sudden this building just collapses right next to me it was awesome
Good times.
It was incredibly good times.
Seriously, probably my favorite one out of the series.
So why did you bring the PS3 with you?
You want to show it off a little later during the show or something?
Because I'm going to play it.
Instead of paying attention to the show, you'll just be playing it.
Oh, I'm paying attention to the show.
I'm multitasking.
When the calls start coming in, it's just like, oh, okay, I'll let Rob talk to the callers and I'll just sit here and play Motorstar.
I can't help it if they're not interesting.
well didn't you think I thought some of those comments was very interesting before we had a dead island taking place on woohoo island and woohoo island is a fighter for super smash brothers 4 and I was kind of thinking like you know there could be a trailer that's out there and it's like pilot wings meets zombies on woohoo island and it's very amazing
Just like that trailer.
Which, by the way, I hated that trailer.
I just want to throw that out there.
I don't think I ever talked about it on the show, but I hated that trailer.
I really hated that Dead Island trailer.
I thought it was artsy and everything, but I really didn't like it.
I guess I can get into the reasons why later.
Remind me later, I'll talk about it.
But for now, we always like to start off our show with, how was your gaming week?
So, DarkSakura, how was your gaming week?
It was eventful.
I just played some Ridge Racer on the 3DS and my eyes hurt.
I played Pinball FX, which I talked about earlier.
I played a lot of Pinball FX actually, just sitting there one night and I updated my avatar.
And I played that game with the big stupid dragon.
You know, where you click the button and they run.
And you press the buttons and they do stuff.
And the chicks have horns.
That type of thing.
World of Warcraft.
Oh, okay.
I was like, what?
I like the discussion that we all got into yesterday about what the Darkstalkers characters would be if they were characters in World of Warcraft.
So we were trying to figure out if you wanted to make Victor, would he be a Draenei or whatever.
So it's kind of funny.
That's it.
I'm going to go get some dinner now.
Awesome.
Enjoy the noms.
Well, Loki, I know we've heard a little bit about the 3DS and Motorstorm, but anything else in your gaming week you want to talk about?
Yeah, sure.
Other than Motorstorm and, well, let's see.
Motorstorm, I already talked about how awesome it was.
The 3DS played Ridge Racer, and that's Ridge Racer.
I mean, they didn't really change anything too much.
I played some of the games that are kind of packed in with the 3DS, like the Face Invaders game, which is kind of funny.
I took basically what was the equivalent of the drunken Mario Kart picture with the camera, so that was fun shooting my face.
and then I actually tried some of the cards and there's one where you're shooting targets with an arrow so that was kind of cool.
And then other stuff, I actually downloaded on the iOS ReRave so I was playing a little bit of that and that's pretty cool, I dug it.
I was pissed off for a while though and I still kind of am a little bit pissed off about it.
I got some pretty high scores.
I'm like, why aren't they appearing on the high score table?
Didn't realize I had to register for like a login or something like that for their thing.
So after I did that, it reset all my high scores.
Thanks.
Wah, wah, wah.
That's what you get for not signing up for the first place.
Well, they didn't say in order to have your scores posted to the site, you need to register for it.
It just says log in and register.
How else is it going to know who you are?
Well, I thought it would just take my name.
I'm sorry.
Did I throw logic into this equation?
Yeah, exactly.
I'm sorry, Loki.
I'll never do that again.
So I played that.
I dug some of the songs in there, of course.
A lot of Kyle Ward music in there.
So if you're a fan of In The Groove, you'll probably dig that.
What else did I play?
Grand Theft Auto, pretty much.
Yeah, that's pretty much it.
And there's some random iOS games I played.
Just going through some of my games I downloaded that see, like, well, hey, I haven't played this yet.
Let me try this out and see if it's any good or not.
A lot of them weren't, so I just ended up deleting them.
There's one I played.
I think it was called, like, Hyper Missile or something like that.
That was pretty cool.
Yeah, mainly Motorstorm.
I've been playing a lot of that, actually.
I'm really hyped about that game.
Awesome.
All right.
Well, anything else or is that it?
That's it.
All right.
I'll talk about my gaming week.
Mostly a lot of the same stuff I've played in the past, so not a whole lot of new stuff.
You know, the usual WoW, WoW, WoW, WoW, and Torchlight a little bit on XBLA, even though playing Torchlight on Xbox Live makes me want to go back and play it on the PC more.
You can go chew on that one for a little bit.
and some of the other stuff.
But I did check out a few new things.
One of them that Loki already mentioned, I also checked out ReRave on the iOS because obviously as a music game fan, there's definitely the roots there.
It's kind of a mix between Elite Beat Agents meets DJ Max Technica meets In The Groove.
DJ Ranma S, Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
It's funny because in retrospect, I think I appreciate what they were trying to do a lot more now than what I did then.
Because especially coming so far now and seeing everything that's happened where I don't think Konami ever truly had faith in that series, I can appreciate what they were trying to do in retrospect.
But just at the time, it really felt cheap to me.
and I was really longing for more DDR.
Anyway, sorry for the tangent, but just to give you the mindset, I was coming in here thinking, I don't know if I'm going to really dig this because I was not really ever a big fan of In The Groove.
But I gotta say, I enjoyed Rereave.
It's cool.
It's $2 to download.
Not a whole lot of songs come with it for free.
I right away downloaded a song pack that was free.
So I couldn't tell you exactly how many songs you get initially.
It must only be like two or three.
But there was a song pack of about four.
It was three.
Yeah, there was a song pack of about another four or five songs you get for free.
And then, of course, it wants to charge you more money to get extra song packs.
Song pack one, song pack two.
With a bunch of songs that are very similar to what you hear in the default packs.
Not a lot of name recognition in those packs.
You're not exactly going to get Lady Gaga, Rihanna type of stuff.
There's one of them.
I actually bought all the packs.
Did you?
Because I wanted some actual songs to play.
And I was in a let me buy some stuff mood.
But I played some songs.
Once again, I don't recognize the artist, but there's one of those songs from one of the Geico commercials was in there.
Oh, jeez, really?
Yeah.
No, see, I wouldn't recognize the artist, but that makes sense.
Yeah.
So, I mean, okay, whatever, cool.
I mean, and a lot of the music games on, I'm sorry, Xbox Live, on iOS are set up the same way, and DDR itself being one of them.
There's like a DDR-S game that comes with like no songs and everything you have to buy in songpacks.
So, I mean, this is nothing new, the model.
But as far as like the seven songs that come with it or so, I've been playing most of them, and I enjoy the songs.
They're pretty good.
And the gameplay is pretty slick, actually.
I like the whole, like,
Thanks for watching!
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
and many more.
Check this out.
I mean, it's two bucks.
It's not a bad deal.
It's unfortunate there's no demo or anything so that people can see what it is first.
But there's videos online.
They'll probably give you a pretty good idea what it is.
so yeah re-rave on the iOS the other game I checked out this week this is a demo I don't like to review games based off the demo but this is one very high profile game I've had a lot of anticipation going for and that's Mortal Kombat the demo is now out on PlayStation Network for everybody you don't have to just be a plus subscriber regular or plus can now get the demo on PS3 so I spent a little time with that just to see if it was going to be as awesome as I was hoping and
I don't want to say I didn't like it because I did, but I felt it was lacking.
And granted, it was a demo.
It's supposed to be lacking.
It was only bare bones.
But when you get that mode that's, you know, fighter versus fighter, that's still kind of the core part of the game.
And I don't know.
It just wasn't as action-packed as I was hoping and as fast-paced as I remember the Mortal Kombat games being.
However, I am saying that very open-mindedly because I realize, again, it's a demo game.
I was playing it single player and I think Mortal Kombat really best shines in multiplayer modes so I'm totally not being fair when I'm saying that right now but that was my honest to god reaction as I walked away from it going gosh I was hoping I'd have more fun with that
S, Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
Yeah, but there's a difference.
There's a very clear difference.
There's a difference with, like, okay, you must torture yourself for my amusement, and there's a difference between, like,
Ha ha!
Your face is going to get ripped off!
Ha ha!
The Saw movies are trying to be real and trying to teach these moral lessons through these really sick things that I don't like.
But Mortal Kombat is basically one step above a cartoon.
It's about the Netherrealm.
It's not real.
Do you want to play a game?
You forgot to feed your cat.
Now I'm going to feed you to a tiger!
I don't see how that works.
I did like about Mortal Kombat that I was able to pick it right up and like it just felt like playing Mortal Kombat 2 in like Street Fighter 4 style graphics and that part was pretty awesome like being able to select Mileena and just remember that toward toward low kick was the little drop I mean cool things like that really easy to get back into so that same sort of learning curve where you were able to kind of slip right into Street Fighter 4 from Street Fighter 2 I think a
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
So that's what I really did walk away.
So check out the demo.
See if you had the same reaction.
I talked to a friend of mine who felt the same way I did.
Very excited about the game after playing the demo.
I don't know.
It just wasn't what I remember.
But anyway, there you go.
Those are the games I played this week.
So chat.orangelawnsradio.com if you want to join us in our chat room.
Tiger Claw in our chatroom says, Sky, the fatality that looks the most funny is the one showing Liu Kang getting hit by a taxi.
Oh yeah, that was pretty funny too.
And I like the x-ray attack stuff.
I mean, that stuff was funny.
I hope there's more of them in the regular game.
Like not just one x-ray attack for every character because I think some of those might get old quick.
But I cracked up at some of them.
They were pretty funny.
There you go.
A lot of the same old moves coming back.
Johnny Cage can punch people in the balls still.
In fact, he likes to do it over and over again.
I think he has an issue.
Anyway, let's move on.
Some housekeeping for tonight.
Our Twitter, you can join us on Twitter, twitter.com slash OLR, all the updates for what's going on with the show.
Also our Facebook at facebook.com slash Orange Lounge Radio.
Otherwise, we have no planned shows off or trips we're taking or anything, so every Sunday night in the near future at All Games Radio, www.allgames.com, 6 o'clock Pacific, 9 o'clock Eastern is where you can hear us live.
So, yes ma'am.
I have an arcade report.
What's that?
Disneyland.
Oh yeah, that's right.
You were gone last week because you were at Disneyland.
Yes.
Did you have fun?
I had a great time.
Did you do the Toy Story Midway Mania?
We totally did.
It's like a giant video game.
I love it.
Dan totally kicked my ass, but I kicked his butt at Astro Blasters.
But the Starcade is actually now also the home of Star Trader because they've closed down the Star Trader and Star Tours for the revamp.
Oh, interesting.
I didn't know that.
I saw when they had shut down Star Tours.
But the Star Trader is also being redone.
Right.
Well, to get all the new merchandise, I'm sure.
So, well, that and they sort of would have to go through there to take care of the hallway if they need to redo the hallway.
Right.
So, it's now kind of half the arcade it used to be, literally.
That's it.
Interesting.
Yeah.
All right.
That's my arcade report.
We didn't play anything there.
It's expensive.
Lens was closed.
What else?
Oh, I know.
Because Electronica doesn't go under the weekend.
They had said that it was going to during spring break and then they didn't.
Is Captain EO back already?
Yes.
It's the original 77mm film with grain and everything.
It's showing its age.
Mm-hmm.
The Cheeseball 3D that was not great.
And here's the summary of Captain EO.
Is that Michael Jackson flies through space with a bunch of Muppets, lands on the Borg homeworld, and turns all the Borg into extras from Xanadu ruled by Angelica Houston.
The end.
And it's awesome.
All of it.
And it's awesome.
But am I not right?
No, that's a pretty good way of summarizing it.
So, the end.
So.
I'm going to be sad when they get rid of that finally because you know there's going to come a time when they're finally going to have to get rid of Captain EO again for a new movie.
It better not be Honey, I Shrunk the Audience again because that movie was terrible.
But anyway, let's actually get into some other video game news.
No Captain EO game to talk about this week, but maybe some other video games.
We'll start off with Loki tonight.
There's been a few games delayed from Japan.
Not necessarily because of the whole tsunami earthquake thing, but you could probably attribute some of that to it.
Starting off, Warriors Legends of Troy on Xbox 360 and PS3 and Dead or Alive Dimensions, both coming from Tecmo Koei.
Those have been delayed and won't make their scheduled release dates of March 24th and March 31st.
Honestly, not a big surprise.
Dead or Alive Dimensions has been delayed a few times already for the U.S.
And Warriors Legends of Troy, not even coming out on the 360 in the U.S.
That's been delayed indefinitely.
So, I'm not surprised one bit.
And that was prior to the whole earthquake thing.
So, take that for what you will.
And then, on top of all that, of course, this is a little bit too...
Various reasons why they're delaying some of this stuff Yakuza of the End, Motorstorm Apocalypse, and Disaster Report 4 Well, Disaster Report 4 has been cancelled from Sega Which, you know, a game about wandering around in a city that has undergone some traumatic disaster Might not be the most sensitive thing to put out
Unfortunately, the game was a disaster.
Well, you know, people are being hypersensitive about it, but I sort of get it, because when you put down multi-millions of dollars on these projects, you have to release them just right.
And right now, you've got an entire country that probably doesn't want to be thinking about the apocalypse.
You know what I mean?
I can see where people would be concerned it's in bad taste.
But Nuclear Boy, Rob...
That's a whole other thing, though.
You're talking about the little YouTube thing.
He needs something to distract him from having to poop.
And then, well, the other thing is, not only did they announce it was going to be delayed in Japan, but Motorsome Apocalypse also got delayed in Europe and then later on in the U.S.
I don't understand why, because the game is done, but...
Whatever.
Okay.
You're delaying it.
That's fine.
Again, if your game comes out the wrong week, it might get destroyed.
Like Blur.
I would say a lot of the big reason Blur didn't do well is it came out the wrong week.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
It doesn't look like... It's not Japan, for one.
It's just completely... You know, it looks like San Francisco.
In fact, I would probably be willing to bet it's based off San Francisco.
Because San Francisco, kind of known for earthquakes.
So, you know, that's not a stretch.
And, you know, the...
Actually, I'm going to say it is goddamn San Francisco because having played some of the tracks and stuff, it looks like San Francisco.
There is a Sony office right outside San Francisco, so it wouldn't surprise me at all.
I don't understand delaying it there or in Europe, but okay, whatever.
They want to wait and release it in May or something where it's packed full of releases, then fine.
I really think they should just keep it with the April 12th release date because it was perfect.
There's nothing else coming out.
Are we talking maybe it'll just be a couple weeks?
Maybe.
Maybe a couple weeks, but really a couple weeks...
That's going to put it out in a lot of... Let me put it this way.
You've got MX vs. ATV Alive coming out in about a month after it was originally coming out.
So if you wait a little bit longer, you're going to have another off-road racing game.
Granted, both of them are completely different from each other, but they're still both kind of in the same genre.
I just think it's kind of a mistake to move it.
It should have really come out at that time because it would have been perfect.
There's nothing else coming out.
Um...
It's awesome.
So seriously, pick it up when it does come out.
It's all sorts of awesome.
I'm going into the chatroom at chat.orange.com Bobby Blackwolf in our chat says, Actually, yes, people in the U.S.
find things insensitive.
They bashed the event because it did an episode this week about a nuclear power plant being threatened.
And everyone was like, How dare NBC air this?
Oh, God.
You know what?
They need to just stop listening to those people.
I'm going to boycott your show.
I'm not going to watch it next week.
But I'll catch it on DVR if you still want to know what happens.
Well, there's been a lot of... I mean, I'm just playing the devil's advocate here.
I also think people are maybe blowing this out of proportion, but... People are dumb.
There has been... On the West Coast, and you know this as well as I do, there's been a lot of talk.
Like, the news is dominated with this talk about, could the radiation from the power plant in Japan get to the West Coast?
I need to get my tinfoil hat.
Yes, because they're going to spin it any way they can to make it sound like it's terrible.
Thanks for watching!
Vote Republican or this will happen.
Seriously, they just blow it way up.
Because what else are they going to talk about?
Charlie Sheen?
Seriously, they've got to talk about something.
They've got to get you to watch the news.
Look, we've got to be careful how we tread here because I think to some extent it is a very frightful thing.
If this was all going on at that Rancho Seco place, I know they shut it down years ago, but...
Don't get me wrong, it is a frightening thing, but what's going on there and what the reporting is going on there is completely different.
I am honestly going to say it's a lot like Nuclear Boy.
I'm sorry to those who haven't seen it.
The worst that's going to happen is they're going to have to evacuate Fukushima and then
Fish are gonna be sick.
You can't go fishing near there.
Plants are gonna be irradiated.
You're gonna have to deal with this for probably the next seven to ten years, I think, is what it takes for nuclear radiation to be cleaned out of land.
And our technology is a lot better than it was, you know, around, say, Chernobyl.
DarkSakura.com
So something like this coming up and having everything still pretty much hold intact with just a few problems, that has to say something pretty amazing for, you know, the level of care and, you know, thought that went into the construction of these places.
You know, and also should make everybody in Sacramento shut up about us having nuclear power here.
Because we don't have earthquakes.
Shut up.
Well, I got the perfect location for a nuclear power plant.
Thanks for watching!
DarkSakura
It's not terrible that those dolphins are so smart.
It's terrible that they're using it for evil, okay?
Let's talk about something that's definitely fiction.
Let's get away from the real world stuff and get to a land of fiction.
And one of our favorite fictional places, Silent Hill.
Of course, Silent Hill is, well, at least a one-time awesome video game series that's kind of slipped into a, okay, yeah, I really like this series because I used to like it.
Silent Hill.
We're experimenting with new weather patterns now.
So anyhow, here's the deal.
apparently Silent Hill is going to have a release on Xbox Live if rumors are to be believed and here's where the rumors are coming from it's an interview with the Italian based Xbox 360 magazine and it's from the art director for Silent Hill Downpour saying quote at the moment there will be no multiplayer modes in Silent Hill Downpour Konami is investigating a separate chapter devoted entirely to the multiplayer now he went on in this interview to say that he doesn't know any details but it's supposed to be Xbox Live Arcade and quote
that most players have to survive in the town of Silent Hill.
Now, I kind of look at this and go, that's... Silent Hill cash-in.
Well, Silent Hill was always supposed to be a very single-player experience.
Like, I don't see this turning into a shoot-em-up type of thing.
Like, I don't really see it as a bang-bang, you know, kill the others.
Really?
It would be kind of cool if, like, one person could be Pyramid Head.
Really?
And everybody else is trying to run away from Pyramid Head.
You get bonus points for, you know, mannequin rape.
You don't see it as a bang-bang shoot-em-up game, but yet Konami does because they released an iOS game that was basically that, and they released an arcade game that's basically that.
So they apparently do see it as a shoot-em-up.
Well, but not like shoot other people.
You're shooting the creatures of Silent Hill or whatever.
I don't see where the multiplayer element comes on.
That's my point.
But then there's a part of me that also pictures a very Left 4 Dead kind of game that actually could be kind of awesome.
Like and maybe it's like don't take Left 4 Dead literally, but maybe some type of like cooperative survival game where maybe everybody helps each other in a certain way to survive the town of Silent Hill.
That might be kind of cool.
I don't know.
That would be.
I really hope it isn't Blue Pyramid Head vs. Red Pyramid Head.
That would be ridiculous and dumb.
It's like Spy vs. Spy with Pyramid Head.
Yes, that would be hideous.
So either it's got to be a co-op survival or it's got to be...
One versus everybody, which now the more I kind of say that out loud, I think that's kind of dumb too.
So I really hope it's more like the co-op survival.
That could be kind of rad actually.
Can you imagine like having to figure out puzzles with multiple people?
That'd be kind of fun.
Nothing would get done.
I can think of something that's like, oh crap, pyramid head's coming.
Push someone in his path.
Exactly.
Sacrifice Dark Sakura.
Hey.
Be like, bitch, please smack.
All right.
Anyhow, we'll see what develops with that.
I would imagine if this is true, if, big if, remember this is a rumor, because it's coming from an Italian magazine from the art director.
I'm not saying that's small time stuff, but again, it does sound a little bit like I have this cousin who's a cameraman on the new Superman movie.
Art directors are pretty big.
Yeah, I know, but still.
Dude, it has director in the title.
All right, anyhow.
Hey.
Just take it with a grain of salt.
That's all I'm saying.
Don't be disappointed if this game doesn't happen.
I would love to be an art director of a magazine.
Or if it isn't good.
I would love to be an art director.
Anyway.
Well, maybe you should, when this guy gets fired for leaking all the details about the game, you should apply for his job.
I don't want to move to Italy.
All right.
Moving on, DarkSakura, what do you have for us?
Well, apparently the Zynga people, by the way, Zynga sucks, I'm sorry, his name is Brian Reynolds, and he said that Xbox Live is too small for them to bother with for Farmville.
That means my mother won't be getting an Xbox anytime soon.
Thanks for watching!
He's an idiot.
I actually kind of get what he's saying.
Yeah, I do too.
There are way more people on Facebook than there are on Xbox Live.
Fact.
But let's look at hard, cold numbers, okay?
First of all, there are 23 million members on Xbox Live as of February 2010.
In January, Facebook had 600 million users and Farmville had 62 million active since September of last year.
So basically what he's saying is he doesn't like money.
I don't see how it would be that difficult.
I mean, really.
But he's like, no, it's not going to be worth our time for just these people.
Like, okay, if you don't want more addicts, fine.
Exactly.
He's basically saying, well, why would we put it on Xbox Live or on the PlayStation Network or something like that?
They have less people than they have on Facebook.
Duh, it's called expanding your demographic.
You already have it on Facebook.
You already have it on smartphones.
That's why you would put it on a console because you don't have it there yet.
Here's what he said.
Basically, the worry is the social experience.
Basically, the social experience is going to be a very small number so that the amount of social capital that is there will not be very high.
So basically, you're not going to have people doing the microtransactions.
I hate that word.
I hate that word.
to some level yes you can enhance certain Xbox Live Arcade games with extra things but you're always putting some money down up front to play the games and I would question sure you might have hundreds of millions of people playing Farmville on Facebook but how many of them are actually paying for it
And it's probably a pretty damn scary number when a lot of us kind of sit here and don't understand Farmville.
But again, I think the types of games that you have come to know on Facebook and mobile phones are not necessarily the same types of games that are on Xbox Live Arcade.
It's just kind of like...
I don't know.
By the way, you know what the percentage is?
I'm just going to use those numbers as a basis.
The percentage of people on Facebook that play FarmVille?
4%.
Tiny.
Tiny, tiny.
So...
I mean, if I were this guy, I'd be looking to find ways to get more revenue in.
I'd be adjusting the business model, do like XBLA version of FarmVille.
Or, my thought, why does it have to be FarmVille?
If your games are so damn addicting...
Rise to the challenge and create a game that you could get away with charging $15 for.
I can't believe I'm about to say this, but there are some things you can appreciate about Farmville.
That's like saying there's some things you can appreciate about Hitler.
I am not going to go there, period.
Other than Volkswagen and the Autobahn.
All right, look.
My thing is that, like, the thing about... God, now I'm just totally lost.
That actually, I feel sick.
I feel a little sick now.
The thing about Farmville is that it kind of gets your friends, even though it might not be us, the people that are the quote-unquote hardcore gamers...
it gets our moms and our relatives and people that don't usually play video games to be playing a multiplayer game together very easily and maybe there's a way they could bring that multiplayer effort to the Xbox Live place which in turn could maybe enhance Xbox Live but I don't think that necessarily has to be just fucking Farmville there's plenty of other games they could rip off right?
I'm just still kind of feeling ill from...
Orange Lounge Radio Making people throw up in their mouths daily Making my stomach flip flop And I just ate, I feel ill Going to chat.orangeloungeradio.com Spazinator told me to bite my tongue Blackwolf says That would require that they actually make something original Defective Candy says Every time we sell one of those Facebook game cards where I work I die a little on the inside Oh
All right.
You're just feeding the beast.
Let's move on.
Loki, take us to some completely different news, please.
This is completely different.
They're actually working on a Transformers MMO, and it's being developed by the people behind the browser-based MMO RuneScape.
And I guess they've worked out a deal with Hasbro, and the game is set to be released in North America, Europe, Latin America, Australia, and New Zealand sometime in 2012.
and they said that the title will be a dynamic and action-packed game no word on which Transformers universe it will be based on but that is interesting let's hope it's not the Michael Bay Transformers universe although you know that would be action-packed
Explosions!
Be popular.
People like Transformers.
I don't know.
The MMO space is a little bit crowded right now.
I don't know if it'll be able to kind of get its way in there.
If it was free to play, that'd be pretty cool.
Hopefully they don't have the expectation bar very high.
That's all I'm saying.
I just think the MMO space is a very tough nut to crack right now.
And if it's not free to play, it has to triple be that much better.
And judging from the Transformer games that have been on the consoles... The last one was all right.
and the next one's supposed to be okay because it's from the same people the last one so hopefully I'll try to keep an open mind but I mean we all know that third movie is gonna be terrible I mean I realize they're all now admitting wow the second movie was really bad but you know the third movie's gonna be even worse that last movie if I'm wrong then I'm wrong hooray but I'm just not getting my hopes up that's all
Hey, let's talk about music games and Ubisoft is going to be putting out a new game.
It's called Rocksmith.
It's a rhythm game that uses real guitars.
Wait a minute.
That worked before.
Isn't that a train that left the station quite some time ago?
All righty, well, whatever.
It's called Rocksmith is the game.
Some of the artists that will be in the game, David Bowie, Interpol, The Rolling Stones, pretty solid song list right there so far.
You can use any electric guitar that you might just happen to have.
So we're not talking about buying a cheap plastic peripheral.
It's using an existing electric guitar.
So that's neat, I guess.
Okay.
I'm not sure exactly how this all works just yet as to how it's going to identify from any guitar but I would imagine some type of audio pitch sensing peripheral kind of similar to how it detects when you're singing what pitch you're singing at.
It would probably plug into like you'd plug it into an amp.
So there is a trailer out there right now.
It's supposed to be coming out the second half of the year so I imagine that we'll be hearing more about this at E3.
I was going to try and play it
and this was originally damn it I wanted to play the trailer but a stupid commercial for those goddamn bears that talk about toilet paper and it was originally we had actually talked about this before it was actually a game in development called Guitar Rising oh yeah but you know that never really came out and then Ubisoft bought it yeah it shows a guitar plugged into the Xbox
There's got to be some little adapter thingy or something.
It looks like an amp plugged to USB.
Yeah, it's similar to what you use with the karaoke mics.
I'm sure it's got to be something just like that.
DarkSakura
Well, it's been 22 years in the making.
There will be a sequel to River City Ransom.
Yay.
Or as it was known in Europe, Street Gangs.
Yay.
Or, I really like the Japanese name, Hot-Blooded Downtown Story.
Nice.
It's so hot.
The Japanese developer Miracle Kids is trying to... Actually got a bunch of the original development team back together.
And they are going to be doing a console version in the summer with the PC release in 2012.
So the console version is this summer.
The PC one will be out next year.
And they're also...
I got Downtown Smash Dodgeball, which for us was Super Dodgeball, which is on Xbox Live Indie Games, and they're working on a WiiWare port.
So, yay!
If you still want to play the old school one, get it on Virtual Console.
It's 500 points.
And to this day, my favorite version is still the PC Engine one.
The second one apparently wasn't that great.
A lot of the stuff that's retro, too, is sometimes better left in the past.
That's all I'm saying.
We'll see as soon as we start to see some screenshots and some actual gameplay, but I guess it's kind of cool that that's coming back.
I mean, that was a game I really liked.
Quite.
Hopefully it kind of comes back as an arcade title.
I don't know if I'd want to pay $60 for a new River City Ransom game.
I would suspect it's going to be something for Xbox Live Arcade.
Remember when they remade Final Fight?
Yeah.
Did they?
Yeah, it was Final Fight for the Xbox and PlayStation 2.
Oh, it was awful.
Crap.
I do not have that.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, God, I do remember that.
That was terrible.
The last great one was Final Fight Guy.
Actually, Final Fight CD.
That was a good version.
What was the Final Fight CD on?
Is that Sega?
Sega CD?
Guess who has it?
Well, I'm sure you guys do somewhere in that vault.
Crazy stuff.
Alright, let's move on with some release dates.
We're going to travel around the world and check out what's coming out soon for your favorite console, Loki.
Lots of stuff this week.
Some re-releases and stuff.
Raven Rabbids Party Collection.
It's a collection of Raven Rabbids.
1 and 2 on TV Party.
Mayhem 3D on PlayStation 3 and on Xbox 360.
It's a demolition derby type game.
Trackmania Build to Race on the Wii awesome racing games, check it out Tomb Raider Trilogy re-release or HD versions of the last three Tomb Raider games and of course the last one was really on PS3 so it's a re-release of that
Crisis 2 on PC, PlayStation 3, and Xbox 360 this week.
Chikandiya, The Timeless Land.
This is a sequel, or I guess spiritual successor to 30 Second Hero.
That's on PSP.
PlayStation Move Heroes coming out on PS3 Dissidia Duidesium that is coming out on PSP this week so if you want a little bit of a sequel to Dissidia
And of course, this is going to be a huge week because it also happens to be the week, one week from today to be exact, when the 3DS launches.
So we have lots of 3DS games, Ridge Racer 3D.
Tom Clancy's Ghost Recon Shadow I believe it's Shadow Wars that's on the 3DS as well Asphalt 3D Lego Star Wars 3 The Clone Wars that's on pretty much everything PlayStation 3, Xbox 360
Wii, DS, 3DS, PC, and PSP.
Combat of the Giants, Dinosaurs, that's on the 3DS.
Rayman 3D, that's of course on the 3DS.
Let's see what else we've got here.
Pro Evolution Soccer 2011 on 3DS, Nintendogs Plus Cats, Golden Retriever, Toy Poodle, and French Bulldog all this week as well.
Pilotwings Resort, Steel Diver, Samurai Warriors Chronicles, The Sims 3, Super Monkey Ball 3D, and...
Bustamove Universe, Super Street Fighter 4 3D and Madden NFL Football all on the 3DS this week and of course one week from today
Frisbee in our chatroom is going, name of game 3D, name of game 3DS.
That's what they're all called.
Pretty much, right?
Yeah, pretty much.
All right.
Let's move on to Japan and look at the Japanese release dates.
Coming out this week on the Xbox 360 on March 24th, Arcania Gothic 4.
Crisis 2, a game called Escatos is coming out this week this is like an old school shooter type game that's been revamped basically or I should say it's inspired by old school shooters and it's like you know in like 3D it's basically another shmup very vertical heavy game but it looks like it has some more retro based modes so if you're into like old school shooters I think they're going for you with this game Fighters Uncaged also this week as well as Otomedius Excellent comes out this week
So lots and lots of shooting fun games this week.
Going over to the PlayStation 3 and looking at what's coming out over there.
We have Crysis 2 there as well.
Gachinko Heroes, Pro Yaku Spirits 2011 comes out this week as well from Konami.
It's baseball.
It's baseball.
and moving on to the Nintendo Wii Ikine no Yoru Rune Factory Frontier gets a price reduction so does Tales of Graces and that's really it for the Nintendo Wii this week on the Nintendo 3DS in Japan this week
of course it's time for a Gundam game on 3DS Gundam the 3D battle comes out this week as well as Rabbids Time Travel and The Sims 3 all make their way out in 3D on the Japanese 3DS this week and lastly going over to the PSP to look at the releases there huge week I almost want to import this but I know I won't be able to read it Final Fantasy 4 the complete collection makes its way out on the Sony PSP just give it another another month
I'm so excited for this.
I dust off the PSP, get my charger, get ready to go.
So excited for this.
Also, an interesting game called R.U.
Alice comes out this week on the Sony PSP.
Is that based in the Brady Bunch universe?
No, it is not based in the Brady Bunch universe.
Actually, it looks very much like a, I don't know how to explain this, like a very like old time, think of like that Castlevania sort of flair.
I mean, it's not like vampires, but definitely the costumes kind of remind me of that sort of story.
It's an adventure game on the PSP.
I don't know if that's something that's coming out over here.
I don't think so.
I don't know if it's like based on the anime or what the deal is, but yep.
Are you Alice?
DarkSakura.com
On the 25th we have Combat of Giants, Dinosaurs 3D, Crisis 2, Dead or Alive Dimensions, Dissidia, Duodicium, Final Fantasy, Dynasty Warriors 7, Hello Kitty Seasons, Lego Star Wars 3, The Clone Wars, Nintendo 3DS of course, Pro Evolution Soccer, Street Fighter 4, 3DS
Ugh, where's the rest of the list?
Super Street Fighter 4 3D Edition, The Sims Medieval, Splinter Cell Chaos Theory, Asphalt GT 3DS, I already said Lego Star Wars 3, Nintendogs Plus Cats, Pilotwings Resort, Rayman 3D, Ridge Racer 3DS, Samurai Warriors Chronicles, Super Monkey Ball 3D, The Sims 3DS, Tom Clancy's Ghost Recon, Islands of Wakfu?
That's later.
That's on the 30th.
Never mind.
Okay, done.
So excited to be finished with those release dates.
All right, just a couple more stories for you guys.
Then we got the classic game of the week, A Trip Down Memory Lane, with a classic video game coming up in just a little bit.
But first, two more stories for you guys.
Yeah, we got some news about the NGP or what's, you know, codenamed the NGP from Sony.
They're saying that the games will be downloadable day and date with the retail releases.
So you'll be able to either buy, you know, the cartridge that these are going to be on or download them from the PlayStation Network store.
All of them or just the Sony ones?
Well, they're saying all of them.
but here's kind of an interesting thing though if you think about it because that sounds good in theory until you realize one thing there's no onboard storage on the NGP so where the hell am I supposed to put these games that you're having me download oh I have to buy your proprietary memory unit there'll have to be something yeah
Oh, how wonderful I have to buy a fucking memory card to do that.
How about this?
I'll just buy the retail game.
Man, that sounds good.
You know what I could do with that retail game?
When I don't want to play it anymore, I can sell it back.
Because I'm sure you're not going to have any sort of price break or anything like that on there.
So, you know, unless they come out cheaper, because I'm not buying all the packaged goods that go along with the game, I'm not interested.
Sorry.
And then on top of that, there's a rumor regarding the price of the system.
Apparently, Sony Europe put out a survey.
I guess this is tying in with Ubisoft.
It was some survey conducted by a research firm and sponsored by Ubisoft.
They're saying that the retail price of the Sony NGP is expected to be around $350.
How likely would you be purchasing...
How likely would you be to purchase the NGP now that you know the retail price?
And they're saying that that's the premium model with 3G.
So the next question is, how about the one without 3G, which will be considerably lower at $250?
Thanks for watching!
250 should be the topic.
I don't even think that these prices that we're hearing about mean anything.
I don't even think Sony knows what they're charging for this thing yet.
I really don't.
I mean, a week before E3, I'd believe this rumor.
Right now, doesn't mean squat.
We'll see.
I wouldn't be surprised if they go and try to charge $350.
But here's the thing.
It'll be $350 retail, but because these are going to have 3G, they're going to be tied in with some sort of data plan.
You're going to get it for a lot cheaper than that because you're going to be signing a contract or to your contract or something like that.
So that's where it's going to make sense for people to pick up the 3G.
Not necessarily, though.
You don't have to sign a contract for an iPad.
An iPhone, yes, but an iPad, no.
You don't sign a contract for those.
Well, then how do you get the 3G?
You buy it with a 3G enabled, and then you buy a separate data plan.
But they don't subsidize the cost of those machines at all.
Because I believe the data can be through either, and correct me if I'm wrong, Chatters, but I'm pretty sure it's either to AT&T or Verizon.
And now we have this big, huge news today that AT&T has gobbled up T-Mobile, or at least will be over the next 12 months, assuming the government approves of the acquisition and what have you.
So that's just going to be even more, you know, that's one less carrier out of the sea.
It'll be interesting to see what happens.
Yeah.
A lot of people on my Twitter are not happy about that acquisition, by the way.
Apparently a lot more T-Mobile customers than I realized out there who don't want to switch.
Well, they have some pretty good budget plans.
That's okay.
I'm already with AT&T.
I know.
I've never had a problem with AT&T, but some people really hate them.
But then again, I don't live in a huge city.
Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
we'll see alright anyhow more stuff and this is on a completely different kind of note you know obviously last week we spent a little time talking about how you guys can help what's going on in Japan and the really unfortunate tragedy that's happened over there and a lot of the gaming world now coming on board to do some really cool things for the disaster relief over in Japan I don't even have time to name it
All, but here's some of the ones that caught my eye.
Squeenix is just flat out donating money.
There's no buy this game for whatever cost or donate through the... No, they are just straight out giving 100 million yen to the relief effort.
They are also collecting donations from employees throughout the world and they are also going to be getting donations through select Squeenix online services and the amusement facilities that Taito operates in Japan.
Square Enix, Squenix
and DarkSakura.com
Bungie is currently selling a little band game
DarkSakura.com
Very similar to what they got going on in iTunes right now.
So you can just donate the funds that are in the PlayStation wallet or just donate through the PlayStation.
So if you don't know how else to donate, that's one way you can do it.
And there you go.
Awesome.
And that's not even all of them.
There's lots of other great things going on out there in the gaming world of people donating money.
And as I said last week, please, anybody, if you listen to this show, I really think in lieu of giving us money, which we don't ever ask you for, really would hope you would donate what you can to the relief efforts going on in Japan.
and even if you're like, I don't have any money, I've got zero cents, donate time would even be helpful at this point.
The Red Cross can use help all over during this very unfortunate time.
Alright, let's take a minute to switch gears here and take a trip down memory lane in a segment we do here on the show every week.
Music
DarkSakura.com
or known as Japan as Strider Here You Too which is the official sequel to the first Strider game.
And I'm bringing up YouTube right now.
Sorry I'm a little delayed here.
That's okay.
Here you go.
Here's a little bit of the gameplay.
Let's have some of the music too.
Yeah.
Actually I really like the first level music first.
Anyway, it really is not a sequel to the NES one.
I'm just saying because the NES one is actually a retelling of the manga.
The Strider manga.
So this one is basically set 2,000 years after the events of the original game.
And the Grandmaster has returned to life, and so has Strider Hero.
So he's going through different levels.
It's actually 2D sprites over 3D backgrounds.
But it's the same as the original.
It pretty much plays the same.
You've got three action buttons.
He has...
All of his old moves like walking, jumping, crouching, sliding, climbing walls and ceilings.
And he's got a dash now by pressing left or right twice.
And a double jump, basically you press jump in midair.
And a backwards somersault done while sliding.
And then he can do a thrust jump off of a wall if he's holding onto a wall.
and he's got like extra slash moves and all kinds of different moves he's got like a boost if he's got a boost item so he can shoot plasma out of his cipher so it's pretty cool and this one actually has a few throwbacks as far as health replenishments you can extend your life bar you have a cipher extension other boosts
And then you can get different things in the game.
You can get the Yashji and the Sakji symbol from Vulgus.
And the Zeny Coins from Black Tiger and Forgotten Worlds.
I love that game.
Forgotten Worlds is pretty cool.
Anyway, so you've got five stages.
Each of them gives you a little breakdown beforehand.
We have an appearance of Tanpu in here because she was so cool.
And...
It was pretty awesome.
You've got the first three on Earth, Hong Kong, Germany, and Antarctica.
And that was Hong Kong, of course, the one that Tom Poo was in.
And then the last two are in space.
You have the flying battleship Balrog and Third Moon, which were both locations in the original game.
The home version did come out in 2000 on the PlayStation, and I've got both versions, I believe, the Japanese and the US one.
It actually comes with two discs.
On the first disc is Strider 2, and the second disc is the original coin-op version of Strider.
So that's pretty neat.
But a labeling error on the American one has both discs labeled as Strider, so we used to have to guess.
So if you finish the games and do all the achievements on the same memory card, you get a secret level called Strider 2 Mission Zero.
It's a waterfall stage.
And then if you complete all of the missions, you get Strider Hien as a playable character.
He has two ciphers, and it's pretty hardcore and awesome.
And that's actually my favorite person to play through the damn game with is Hien, because it's just like, I've got two of these suckers and I'm bad!
And he like, I think can throw one like a boomerang, if I'm right?
Anyway, so yeah, really, really hot.
This was, I mean, the game is really cool.
It's kind of, if you're, I guess, a veteran of it, then it might seem like it's a little short and a little, but there was so much coolness in it that it's just a fun game.
I mean, I could sit down and play through it in a couple hours.
It's just a fun game.
So that is my game of the week in Strider 2.
Alright, good times.
Strider 2.
The arcade game, also on the PlayStation 1.
Classic video game of the week.
Hardcore.
Okay, chat room, why are you bothering with Deadpool?
There's 50 million Deadpool titles out.
Deadpool's jumped the shark.
I'm sorry.
He's only good in Marvel vs. Capcom 3.
Really?
Not a fan anymore, huh?
No, okay, I love the character.
And I think he was fine in Cable and Deadpool.
Great series, and then they ended it.
But now Deadpool's in like eight titles?
Seriously?
I think it's eight.
And it's like, dude, too much Deadpool.
Too much of a funny thing is annoying.
Sorry.
Strider 2, awesome game.
Go play it.
And underappreciated.
Highly underappreciated.
All right.
Well, we're going to take a quick break, guys.
We'll be back with more of Orange Launch Radio.
We have some rapid-fire news tonight.
Of course, Twitter topics.
This is your last chance to get those in at twitter.com.
Get those in right now so we can read them in a little bit.
We're going to talk a little more about the censorship of Mortal Kombat in Australia.
We'll talk about some legal battles and a possible sequel to the King of Kong movie.
Maybe.
Yeah, it might be happening.
So we'll talk about that when we come back in just a little bit with more of Orange Lounge Radio.
Welcome back everybody to Orange Lounge Radio.
We are live on this Sunday evening, March the 20th of 2011 with the 406th episode of our show.
We're about to get into the Twitter topics, but first some rapid fire news, but not until we plug the side projects that we have or whatever you want to call them.
DarkSakura, you have another little podcast you do.
Yes, and if anyone listened to my rant at the end of Part A, this is a rant you'll hear all the time on the show.
Do Comic Insanity.
You can download the podcast at infamous, N-F-A-M-O-U-S, .net.
And we basically, it is me and Mar and Marvel, and you have something hanging from your shoe.
Never mind, it's your shoelace.
Well, that tends to happen, yes.
It was just weird.
Anyway, and Dan Shadow.
And we basically talk comics.
We talk about what's coming out, what's on our pull list.
We have one that we read every week.
And next week we are going to have, hopefully, a special guest.
So you'll just have to tune in and listen.
All right.
But we go live every Tuesday.
Awesome.
If you enjoy the World of Warcraft, or even if you don't, you just like to hear people talk about it and tell dick and fart jokes along the way, you should definitely check out the best little Horde house in Azeroth that show that Extifer and I do all about World of Warcraft.
Brand new website just launched today, www.hordehouse.com for all the information.
H-O-R-D-E-H-O-U-S-E for all the information.
And you can download it right there.
All right, there you go.
So let's get into some rapid-fire news, quick news stories about what is going on in the gaming world that we just don't have a lot of time for otherwise.
Loki.
Yep.
If you're in the UK, you'll be treated to some LittleBigPlanet 2 download content coming in May.
This is kind of a little bit different than the normal stuff that they put out.
They're actually doing what they call a teacher pack.
It's being developed by Media Molecule.
It's to be packed with demonstrations of the national curriculum.
It's based in game levels that other teachers have made.
I guess this pack will also feature PlayStation Move functionality as well, which is pretty cool.
You know, I didn't get to play LittleBigPlanet when I was in school, or, well, all we had was... These kids today get DDR machines in their PE classrooms, and now LittleBigPlanet teaching you history.
You should grow up on NumberMunchers and Oregon Trail like we did.
Yeah.
And then, of course, this is kind of neat.
More download content coming to DJ Hero 2.
This new, I guess, pack is called the Indie Hip Hop Mix Pack and features the artists...
Well, let's see.
Here's some of the mixes here.
My World Premiere by Charisma and PeanutButterWolf mixed with The Red Instrumental, which is by Jlib.
Party Hard by The Perceptionists featuring Guru and Kamu Tao mixed with Ghost Rider by RJD2.
And then The Best Day by Atmosphere remixed by FSG.
and those are available probably right now actually for $8 or 640 Microsoft points or $300 each or yeah $300 300 Wii points each on the WiiWare store premium for those download content packs on the WiiWare and then of course some more music game download content Dance Central getting some more tracks
Not as much as I was hoping it would be put out by Harmonix, but I guess maybe it takes a little longer to get some dance routines put out.
Fatboy Slim, Weapon of Choice.
Awesome song.
Gwen Stefani with Hollaback Girl.
Carrie Hilston with Turning Me On.
And Paula Abdul with Straight Up.
Those are available for $3 per track or 240 Microsoft points.
That's a lot of download content there.
Thanks for watching!
What the hell's that?
U-Star is like karaoke for movie scenes.
You read lines and it puts you into the movie like a green screen.
That sounds horrible.
Actually, it sounds like something I've seen at Disney's California Adventure where you can like, it's set up like Ursula from the Little Mermaid.
Yeah, we did that over where Turtle Talk with Crush is.
That whole thing, yep.
You can reenact scenes from your favorite movies.
It is a terrible game.
The interface is just absolutely terrible.
Oh my god, my co-worker though was doing lines from like 300 and stuff like that.
This is Cakedown!
and just the way he was doing it though was like like Igor from you know Frankenstein or something like that and just this really weird voice he did the whole thing and it was hilarious and the game has the worst framing ever like we had the camera set up on a table
and like it would zoom in or zoom out too much depending on the scene.
So there's like one scene that you could do.
It was kind of an ad-lib thing.
It was like the moon or something like moon surface and all it had was his head.
Just his head was on the screen because...
It's a terrible game.
It sounds like something you buy for one night of LOLs and then it's over.
Seriously, wait for it to drop in price.
It is pretty funny, though, for a drunken party game.
Okay, there you go.
Some other quickfire news here.
Red Faction Battlegrounds has a release date.
It's going to be April 5th, and it will be out for $9.99 on the PlayStation.
That's also 800 Microsoft points.
But here's the thing.
If you're in the PlayStation Plus thing before March 25th, so this week, you can get the game for free!
So this is more incentive for you to sign up, I guess, for the PlayStation Plus membership.
Free stuff!
So, yeah, that's Red Faction Battlegrounds.
Also, I found this kind of interesting.
GameStop is now selling 500 gigabyte PlayStation 3s.
But they don't really make 500 gigabyte PlayStation 3s.
So how do they do it?
Well, it's a refurbished deal.
They sell refurbished PlayStation 3s and they call them premium refurbished.
Refurbished PlayStation 3 Supercharged They come with a 500GB Western Digital Scorpio Blue Hard Drive And like a bunch of peripherals and things come with it too So here's the deal, you can buy one of these for $400 It comes with a PlayStation 3 Slim with the new hard drive A special Supercharged console skin You know, that reminds you how awesome GameStop is for getting this for you A one year warranty on it And then I guess a Media Hub with a remote
uh... increasing the number of USB slots uh... also an HDMI cable so I gotta say it's an interesting little spin on the whole used game stuff uh... there's some people that really like to shop around for used only things to get a deal on it and uh... even though I don't necessarily know if you're getting a deal with this you are getting a lot of extra stuff that a lot of people kind of have to buy anyway like the HDMI cable and so forth um...
I don't know, guys.
I have an 80 gig hard drive on my PlayStation 3 and I still haven't hit the limit yet.
Knock on wood.
But I also don't download a lot of movies.
I'm not Spazinator.
Spazinator calls in every week talking about some video he's downloaded.
I don't have that many movies.
I have a 500 gig hard drive in mine.
Do you really?
You redid it yourself, right?
Yeah, I did it myself because I had 20 in there at one time.
Oh my gosh.
Yeah, I can see.
Mine's only 80.
I haven't filled it up yet.
Knock on wood.
Yeah, I guess if you're used to paying a lot of money for HDMI cables, it's a good deal.
It's an interesting way to make the used PlayStation 3 business kind of interesting.
It's kind of creative to just get the hard drive and put the new ones in there at the GameStop level.
Well, I think also, too, and I'm not sure if GameStop had this problem, but Sony was oh so wonderful and decided, hey, you know what?
We're having shortages on the old systems.
So you place a bunch of orders for it and they don't come in forever.
And then, oh, hey, we're going to send a bunch of them to you.
You get them.
Oh, by the way, we're releasing a new SKU.
Suckas!
And so you're left with a bunch of systems that... Oh, by the way, we didn't price protect those, so they're going to come out at the same price, and you're stuck with these old systems that nobody wants.
Haha, suckers!
So, if they did that to GameStop, which is very unlikely because they're GameStop, but let's just, for all sakes and purposes, say they did.
So what are they going to do with all these old systems?
Well, they can buy a bunch of hard drives for cheap, upgrade them, and
Sell off the old hard drives, I guess, if they want to.
And sell them for a premium.
And make money off the system and the accessories bundled with it.
And it becomes a unique item for them because there are no 500 gigabyte PS3s.
Toagak in our chatroom is commenting on the size of your hard drive saying, that's a lot of porn, Loki.
No, no, no.
I stream my porn.
That was actually for...
for rips of games but I my system's all legit now I unmodified it because I want to play Motorstorm and you know it's just it was the right thing to do whatever once again remember we got into a couple weeks ago about how there wasn't really much I wanted to play on there well Motorstorm was one of the games I wanted to play but I'm not missing much or anything
Wipeout Connect Game
You might remember this game was already released on the Wii and the DS.
I'm sure it was pretty terrible.
Now, they talk about how there are infamous big balls, and I assume they're not talking about genitalia, but these actual giant balls that people bounce.
I've never watched this show.
It just looks idiotic to me, but I guess a lot of people really like it.
But people bounce on giant balls like it's a pinball machine or something.
So this game, Wipeout, will have more than 30 obstacles.
You will run, duck, dodge, and of course, wipe out.
And they go on this quote about everyone who watches the show wishes they could try the obstacle course, and now this is their chance.
No one wishes that.
Is it like Takeshi's Castle?
It's sort of like Takashi's Castle, but really dumbed down.
Kind of what I get from looking at it, yeah, but I've never... And I'm a reality TV whore, okay?
I watch a lot of crap that I deservingly deserve to be made fun of for watching.
Like Big Brother, come on.
But I don't watch Wipeout.
I'm not going to stoop that low.
Well, remember how they... It's basically, it took all these Japanese game shows and just...
Gutted the soul out of them.
I mean, like that show, Hole in the Wall, the one that was the funny Japanese game show.
That was a segment on Ellen, and that's where it should have stayed.
Like, it's funny for two minutes, and that's it.
No, it was actually, well, it may have been a segment, but it was originally a Japanese game show.
And, you know, that's funny because they're just playing it for fun.
They're not doing it for prizes.
But, you know, of course, us Americans don't want to watch anything that's for fun.
It's got to be for money, because who cares about fun?
I don't hate that.
I think he would be just as over the top as Chairman Kaga Exactly, he would be just as over the top but this like fictional cousin or something like that is retarded Now he's on a hideous TV sitcom on CBS based off a Twitter account
What?
He's been on a show for like a year called Shit My Dad Says.
Oh yeah, that one.
You know, I've actually thought about starting a Twitter account for Shit My Wife Asked Me About.
It might be kind of long.
It's just weird.
There's some funny stuff.
What was it the other day?
I'm trying to remember one of the questions because it was just like, really?
That's so weird.
Um,
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
And what if you need to spell Deseret because you're a Mormon?
That's Deseret.
I'm like, listen, that's the way I learned how to spell dessert.
So if you don't like it, you can shut the hell up or you can go to hell.
And so she wrote that on Facebook.
Good times.
But she asked me weird shit all the time, like all these random questions about things.
It's the job of a wife to ask her husband really bizarre things.
What are some of the bizarre things you ask Dan?
Dan!
What's the bizarre stuff I ask you?
He says he doesn't know.
She keeps asking me questions about mythological creatures and stuff.
She's like, you know, what's this look like?
I'm like, I don't know.
Stupid thingy!
It's just something that happens.
Is that something that happens like when you get married?
Because like, you know, Alan doesn't really ask me stupid shit.
Like,
It's like, if you've got someone who's got a really kind of wandering mind, every so often the weirdest questions will pop up, and when you hit that comfort level, they'll just ask you.
And typically it tends to be, I've noticed the wife, or the girlfriend, or...
I guess and every so often just the most random questions but because I feel so comfortable around my husband I'll just blurt them on out like you know I don't know it just occurs to me when this whole thing was funnier in your guys' head like it seems like a big in joke or something but I'm just thank god I'm not a lesbian I wonder how it would be amongst lesbians if they would both annoy the crap out of each other with annoying questions
DarkSakura
But it's the Billy Joel Piano Challenge.
It has I Go To Extremes, Miami 2017, Seeing the Lights Go On on Broadway, My Life, which was the theme from Bosom Buddies.
I used to watch that show.
Prelude, Angry Young Man, and scenes from Italian Restaurant, and She's Always a Woman.
And there are also, for some of these, pro guitar bass expansions available for another 80 Microsoft points.
The entire pack will be 800 Microsoft points or 1,000 Wii points or 10 bucks.
You know what?
I'm good.
I don't really... I do not like Billy Joel.
I don't know.
Billy Joel was like kind of one of those things that was better left.
I mean, why don't they... If it's a piano pack, why don't they freaking put Piano Man in it?
Okay?
Wait, wait.
I think it might... That might already be out.
Maybe.
Because I think there was a Billy Joel pack already.
Okay, well then fine.
All right.
Piano Man was in there already.
Yeah, this might be like... That's how much I like Billy Joel.
I didn't look.
That's like the only song he does that I like.
I like the song Philadelphia even though the movie is really sad
Next story.
You know what?
I'm going to tell you the same thing that I told our friend Melody.
Yeah.
Do not buy that song on iTunes.
Too late.
I really wanted her to reach number one.
I've lost all respect.
This is the reason why.
Because no talent rich kids do not need the dollar that is better spent on Jolly Rangers.
The end.
I'm on a diet.
Yeah.
You want a Girl Scout cookie?
You know what?
I've got some.
I don't want to get it.
Don't blame a little girl with a dream.
Blame the music production company.
It's the same thing I said when the future could have been a dollar closer to getting that music production company to make you a song.
I know.
I'm just jealous because I don't have a song.
She's way auto-tuned, and you can tell she can't sing.
They interviewed her on Good Morning America, and they made her sing a few bars of America the Beautiful.
Was she the best singer I've ever heard?
No.
But was she talented?
She's 13!
Anyway, why are we arguing about this?
I'm not talented, and I can't sing.
Why is this guy famous?
Would you pay this guy a dollar to play this song on a rock band?
Because this one's funny.
Well, Friday's funny.
Friday's just sad.
It's only funny with the video, with the girl with the braces.
I would pay a dollar to play Nightman from It's Always Sunny.
Alright, anyhow.
About a man coming in and raping somebody.
Is that it or is there another one?
No, there's another one.
Marvel vs. Capcom 3's Shuma Gorath and Jill download content are... Shuma Gorath downloadable content is delayed.
It was going to be 400 Microsoft points, which is five bucks each.
How does one delay something that's already on the disc?
That's a very good question, actually.
I forgot where the key was to unlock this.
The keys fell on the couch.
I gotta go find those keys.
Down the drain.
I'm gonna have to get a string and a magnet.
I don't know why that's really funny, but I'm just imagining Capcom putting out this press release.
Sorry guys, we had to delay the Marvel vs. Capcom 3 downloads content.
We're trying to find a string and a magnet right now to find the unlock key.
So please bear with us, and thank you for your patience.
We appreciate our fans.
Love, Capcom.
Yes, we appreciate you enough for you to pay for our download content.
I mean, pay to unlock content.
Twitter topics!
Yay!
Twitter.com slash OLR.
Going to a tweet coming up first from Defective Candy.
Oops, let me turn down the little song there in the background.
Defective Candy was sending us a tweet about augmented reality makes the 3DS bigger than Gigantor.
What is this?
This is a link from Japanator sending us this story here about the 3DS had launched some time ago and
Let's see, it's about, you have to remember, I'm reading these for the first time thanks to Twitter.
I guess it has to do with the AR tech.
Oh, I see.
Some folks have made a supersized version of the 3DS pack-in augmented reality card, all for the sake of giving Kobe's lonely life-size Tetsujin 28-go statue some company.
And as you see in the video below, he does need a friend, it may well be a me.
I gotta see this video, what is going on?
Oh, I see, they have this big statue that they did.
Oh, I see.
So what they did, instead of having the guy stand on the mat to take the picture, they got this gigantic version of it to put the statue on.
I see what they did.
They took the little pack-in augmented reality thing, put it under the statue dude, and now he's in the 3DS augmented reality game.
It's kind of funny, I like that.
Sorry, that probably made for terrible radio, but hey, you tweeted it.
Alright, moving on to another Twitter from Silversonic1534 sending us another really good story about helping the folks out in Japan for the disaster relief.
A rare Nintendo DS, it was signed by a bunch of Nintendo veterans and it was auctioned off this week.
Let's see.
Uh, it was a Mario Kart DS promo system and it was signed by Miyamoto, Koji Kondo, uh, the Zelda chief Eiji Onomura, uh, Charles Martinet, Martin Lung, who does the pianist for video game or does the piano stuff for video games live.
Uh, all of that was, uh, autographed by all those people and they sold it.
I'm not sure exactly how much they went for.
Let me look, let me see on eBay real quick.
Ooh, it hasn't sold yet.
It's got 16 hours left.
$2,500, or sorry, $2,550.
$2,550 is what it's at right now.
So if you want to check that out.
More tweets coming to us from Tiger Claw.
PSP-based augmented reality game.
What is it with all the augmented reality games tonight?
It's popular.
That's right, yeah.
This is turning school into an adventure worth writing about.
that actually sounds kind of awesome I'd like to see something like that on an even bigger scale I don't know like Amazing Race but for real
Anyhow Amazingly real race The amazingly real race on PSP Apparently the program went over very well Very enthusiastic response to that The kids were well behaved and cooperated when they took part Kind of neat I like that idea
Remember when you were in grade school and you'd go on a tour of a historical building and you'd have to put on those big headphones and as you walked under certain places you would hear the stuff in the headphones.
It was all based off radios.
Imagine now if you could use these augmented reality devices to scan into certain codes at places and you would read a little bit about what it is you're at or what the importance of the location is.
I don't know.
That's what this reminds me of to some extent.
I can see that.
Kind of neat.
Anyhow, one other tweet here from TigerClaw.
AMD has made a statement that DirectX is holding back the graphics performance on the PC.
Links us to a story from Gamasutra here via our Twitter.
A quote here from AMDGP...
GPU Division Worldwide Developer Relations Manager Richard Huddy.
Quote, it's funny, we often have at least 10 times as much horsepower as an Xbox 360 or a PlayStation 3 in a high-end graphics card, yet it's very clear that the games don't look 10 times as good.
To a significant extent, that's because, one way or another, for good reasons and bad, mostly good, DirectX is getting in the way.
So, mostly good, but...
Yeah, but I guess maybe that's because, you know.
I'm going to bitch about something.
It's mostly for the good of the game, but we can't do it.
Isn't the Xbox 360 all based off a version of that?
I mean, wasn't the original name of the Xbox the DirectXbox?
No.
I thought that's what it was.
I thought that's where this whole thing came from.
No, it's basically like the Xbox 360 is running on a modified version of DirectX 9 that has some of the features of DirectX 10 in it.
but it's basically DirectX 9 alright and one more tweet here from GamerGirl saying which do you think is better Torchlight PC version or Torchlight Xbox Live version and what do you find fun about the game as a whole I would say the PC version is much better and the reason for that is that they tried to cram too much into the Xbox Live one and unfortunately it suffers from some frame rate issues and just a really awkward interface I mean
for a dungeon crawler collect a bunch of items games it doesn't work too well on Xbox I mean if for whatever reason you hate gaming on the PC then the Xbox is an okay substitute I've played far worse games on Xbox Live but I just think between the two the PC version is superior what do I like about the game well did you ever play Diablo 2 because if you like that that's why I like Torchlight because it's like a newer version of that
Dungeons are always randomly generated Exploring and collecting Level 3 is always different
It's random for each person that plays it and I think that's part of the charm of it.
Alright, I'm letting in one more tweet here from SSJ100Matt saying Someone took My Little Pony and mixed it with the StarCraft 2 trailer and sends us a link to something on YouTube called PonyCraft.
I'm not sure what to do.
This is not My Little Pony.
This is like Noose.
Did they redo My Little Pony a couple years ago or something?
They might have.
This is not the one from the airs.
That's really not going to make sense to me.
Yeah, it's like a new My Little Pony.
My Little Oni.
Somebody has far too much time on their hands.
That's all I'm going to say.
Whatever, if that's the project you want to be famous for, then cool.
That's pretty hilarious.
It's interesting.
I've seen weirder things on YouTube, I guess.
Nuclear Boy?
Yeah.
I've not seen Nuclear Boy.
I love Nuclear Boy.
And what is... And it's a great way to describe it to children.
And I'm not up to date on all my astrological stuff that's going on right now.
Or astronomical, I guess.
Yeah, astronomical.
But what the fuck is the super moon that I keep seeing fucking tweets about and shit?
Something about the moon being closer in orbit, I believe.
The moon was supposed to be gigantic in the sky last night, but we wouldn't know because it's been raining for like nine fucking days straight here, so the clouds have been blocking the sky.
You missed something, but you didn't.
You would have had to drive that way.
There's a picture of it from Washington, D.C.
Yes.
The supermoon.
See, there it is big.
Oh, that's dumb.
That's not big at all.
But the moon's really big, Loki.
There's another one.
It's a super moon.
Over Los Angeles.
And since it's over Los Angeles, it's orange with a big rip across it like an Evangelion or something.
Seriously.
Now I can see that.
All right, let's move on.
Twitter topics are done.
So back into the news.
Loki, what do you got for us?
Yeah, so... Supermoon.
This has been kind of a thing that's been going on with Australia for the longest time.
Take violent game, ban it, because hey, you know what, we don't have anything that's for adults.
So, too bad.
So apparently, Mortal Kombat, they appealed the failure to rate the game, because it was not classified as R15.
and instead their appeal was rejected.
So now, unless changes are made, they cannot release it in Australia.
So that kind of sucks.
And it will ban the title from official retail distribution.
And of course, Warner Bros.
Games is extremely disappointed.
That's always the comment.
We're extremely disappointed.
I'd be like, we're fucking pissed.
That would be my fucking press statement right there.
Fuck them in their asses.
We're pissed.
and they were praising thousands of Mortal Kombat fans in Australia and around the world who have voiced their support during the appeal process.
Blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.
Really?
Are you surprised?
I mean, they banned games with lesser crap in there.
Not to say that this will always be the case.
In fact, they're actually pressing the... I guess the Australian federal government is... They're hoping to have a consensus on the R18 game rating creation.
Which is stupid that this is all government-run anyways, but whatever.
of course the MA 15 plus that the country already has for mature games is not good enough for some of these so adding the restricted 18 plus rating will allow them to release some of these more mature games into the country
I foreshadow that if there's not consensus around this issue, the Commonwealth will certainly be considering other options because we cannot continue to have an outdated classification system that's actually, in my view, causing harm to young people.
The Saw movies aren't banned there, right?
I don't think so.
What I saw in this game was no worse than Saw.
I mean, I'm always going to use that as my defense.
Those goddamn Saw movies are terrible.
Well, I don't understand how they always rate games as, well, it's interactive, so it's more violent.
No, I don't think so.
Thanks for watching!
Then there's more serious problems with them than them playing a violent game.
I'm fine with them taking violence out of video games completely.
They could just strip every video game out there of violence as long as we could get ample nudity in its place.
That's what I'm saying.
Let's get some boobs.
Nudity is even worse.
It's like, oh my god, there's a little bit of nudity in this game.
Oh, bad.
Oh, but violence, we can...
Drill holes in this guy's head while he's still alive But as soon as you want to fuck one of those holes, up, banned Wow Well, speaking of legal troubles You might remember that Activision had filed a suit against Electronic Arts and the former heads of Infinity Ward Well, in California, it was ruled this week that the lawsuit filed by Activision against the former Infinity Ward studio heads was
Vince Sampanella and Jason West, it will be able to proceed.
EA wanted to have the case dismissed, but unfortunately the judge felt differently.
They decided there is enough evidence that the case can go on to trial.
EA's options now at this point, they can still request a summary judgment.
That way, you know, it could all be rejected.
But if that doesn't happen, then the case can go to trial in May of this year.
It's going to be interesting.
or it will get settled out of court before then because that's what always seems to happen.
Has a video game case ever gone to trial?
Don't they always get settled out of court?
I don't think I've ever seen one go to trial.
I'm talking about one between companies.
I'm not talking about some crazed asshole played an Xbox and decided to do something stupid.
That's not a true game lawsuit.
That's just an idiot doing something idiotic.
I'm talking about an actual two companies suing each other.
Does it ever not get settled?
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Because I pulled up the mailbag instead of the story.
Oops.
Yeah.
So, I'm sure people remember me having spoken of the King of Kong, right?
And it was the video of Steve Weeby and Billy... Mitchell.
Mitchell, yes.
I'm sorry, he's a jerk, so I don't care.
Trying to compete for the top score on Donkey Kong.
Well, now we've got a new documentary out called...
and Dr. Kong.
And this is about Dr. Qian, who is a plastic surgeon who beat Steve Weeby's record, reset record, by hitting 1,090,400 points on Donkey Kong.
So there actually is a website about it.
You can go to drkongthemovie.com
and... Can I play the trailer here?
Play it, sure.
It's kind of interesting, actually.
I don't know why.
It's funny.
Here we go.
So we see scenes of the plastic surgery going on.
Establishing shots of, yes, this dude is a surgeon.
I'm copying this to the chatroom, by the way.
Sure.
And then you see him playing some Donkey Kong.
And he has a Donkey Kong machine.
I was killing one of the people at Twin Galaxies, and when he found out I was a plastic surgeon, he was like, shouldn't you be out getting laid?
Like, why are you playing Donkey Kong?
I'm like, I'm playing Donkey Kong so I can get laid.
Wait a minute.
He's playing Donkey Kong so he can get laid?
Like, I don't get that.
He's a plastic surgeon.
He makes girls' boobies bigger all day long.
And that's what plastic surgeons do, right?
All they do is boob jobs, right?
Well, chin jobs and lipo and... Nose jobs.
Never reconstructive surgeries after accidents, though.
No.
No.
Just boob jobs.
I don't need that.
So he works on boobies all day, but he plays Donkey Kong to get laid.
I'm not sure I see the logic there, but let's continue.
I kind of like, I don't know, fame, I guess, or glory, I don't know.
Congratulations!
Paul, this guy's the guy that beat the world, that just beat the Donkey Kong.
Now that you have the world record, you have to quit playing.
I'm like, do you tell Mozart to stop composing music?
That was the trailer.
Do you tell Mozart to stop composing music?
So is that the big question that's going to be answered in the movie?
Like, does he get laid?
No.
No, he does not get laid.
Oh, what a downer.
And to... He sounds like William.
Stop it!
Stop it!
Oh my god, Mark, you are so red in the face right now.
Because I'm mad that he dared bring that up on this program.
You're a dick.
At least he sounds more educated.
Next story!
Oh, put the 3DS down.
Loki, put the 3DS down before I shove it up your ass.
Our next story, we're going to talk a little bit about Minecraft.
Minecraft.
Yes, Minecraft.
Minecraft, they're going the route of Nintendogs.
And you're going to get your own, I guess, domesticated wolf canines.
And you'll be able to walk around with them and whatnot.
and then of course later on they're going to be adding achievements as well that's the next thing but for right now they are working on pet wolves neat I guess I don't know if they really would do much I mean can you train them to attack things
I have a friend who has pet wolves.
For real?
Like real ones?
Yes.
Just hanging out in the backyard?
Well, a couple of them are half wolves and one of them's full.
Here in Sack?
Yeah.
Wow, that's kind of random.
They're domesticated.
Kind of neat.
I don't know, they're kind of cool looking, I guess.
These Minecraft ones are far more adorable, that's all I'm saying.
They are pretty adorable.
Is he going to punch that wolf?
Oh, he's gonna beat it with a, no?
Punch?
What is that?
What is that he has in his hand?
Looks like a stub.
Maybe it's like a stick to play fetch.
Uh, maybe.
I still have yet to play Minecraft.
I feel so uncool and uneducated.
Yeah, I kind of feel the same way.
You're so kind to me tonight.
Now he's punching a, oh, he punched a cow in the ass and then the wolves are attacking the cow.
Nice.
So you can sick your wolves on other things.
So I guess you can now release the hounds.
That's neat.
All right.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
I tried, and I just honestly couldn't get into it.
It just wasn't fun to me.
But it's like the big thing in gaming right now.
It's like Minecraft and Angry Birds are the biggest games.
Yeah, and if the biggest thing in gaming was for everyone to play their Nintendo 3DS while walking towards the end of a broken bridge, guess what?
I'd be playing PSP in my house.
The Kodu Game Lab The Kodu Cup 2011
It's for students aged 9 to 17.
Oh great, the target age group of our show.
Divided into two age groups within the 9 to 17 bracket.
You will use the software to design your game.
You have to submit it by May 10th.
Prizes, $5,000 awards for both individuals and schools, a trip to New York City, laptop, Kinect bundles, and a Zune HD, which is amazing because didn't we also have a story this week that the Zune got axed?
Yeah.
Yeah, they gotta get rid of them somehow.
Maybe they'll have like 5,000 Zune HDs as runner-up prizes trying to get rid of their overstock.
So, that's too bad.
What I like about this is the screenshot I'm looking at of the Kodu Game Lab.
Somebody has designed the lost numbers as a computer chip.
The 4, 8, 15, forget it.
Anyhow, so if you are between 9 and 17 and you want to win money or a Zune because they're so popular, check that out.
Meanwhile, let's go to the mailbag!
Every week, DarkSakura reads the emails that you guys send us at mailbag at orangeloungeradio.com So, why don't, DarkSakura, I want you to put on your surgical gloves, get ready to jump in there and do some plastic surgery on the mailbag.
Ew, it's squishy!
Like a boob.
No, not like a boob.
Like putting your finger up a butt or something.
Anyway.
Hello, OLR.
It's your friendly neighborhood spazinator.
Seeing as the OLR mailbag has been a wee bit on the light side as of late, I thought it might be...
and Gudum Idea to send an email rather than a tweet for a change of pace.
I found a little something of note that bears mentioning seeing as it relates to a subject you folks touched on last week.
Must be why I wasn't here.
with the recent events in Japan in mind, SCEA's arrangement to relay donations to the Red Cross from one's PSN wallet.
As of the time I typed this, there is a spot on the game's site at the PSN store, the first icon you see once you enter the new releases section, that allow you to make donations of $2, $5, $10, $25, and $50 in US funds.
I imagine that you could make multiple donations and mix and match amounts as well Although I can't say for sure that I don't have access to the stores in other regions I'd imagine there's similar setups in other regions' PSN stores as well In case either one of you or a fellow listener is asking, albeit to oneself
Something along the lines of, so?
Here's my point.
This makes things that much easier to donate to a cause if you feel so inclined, but may not necessarily have a PayPal or bank account, etc.
Such is the case with me, but I digress.
I'm not sure if Microsoft will be doing a similar setup in the XBL marketplace, but if I were a betting man, the odds are in favor of it.
So in short, if you would like to donate and think you can do without a rock band song, or if not more...
and you're on PSN anyways why not make a donation to the PSN stores whispers besides then you can honestly claim that gaming does actually do some good in the fact that it would just really piss off certain ex-lawyer from Florida XD colon minus P
I bet he's sitting on a tack going, oh, there's a tack.
Damn gamers.
Damn you gamers!
And you get a cute little theme.
And also to keep in mind, whenever you make a donation to charity, get a receipt of it.
You can write it off on your taxes.
If you are, of course, of tax paying age.
Just saying.
So you get kicked back.
Not bad.
Also save all your school receipts.
Okay.
I would close this email with a clever quip or something, but frankly my brain is fried due to lack of sleep.
And the word is lack of sleep.
And I can't think of anything currently, so I'll just say this.
If you happen to have a PSN account with some spare money on it, please at symbol at least consider donating.
and I just think that because everything else is so flawlessly done and the grammar is so awesome you can see the tiredness coming through I can see the tiredness so and I'm like I do that same crap when I'm tired so I was like okay but some of them made me laugh I like good'em good'em good'em I'm gonna use that word good'em don't know what it means but it's good'em all good'em mm-hmm good'em
Crunchy Crunchy Crunchums There should be a cereal called Goodum Okay, last email No Apparently the last email is from the Tasmanian Devil What?
Dying about fire
No!
I'm writing about two things.
One, Test Drive Unlimited 2 has finally patched and now does multiplayer events.
If you put it down because of the locked out bugs, you can play it again.
They served this up by installing the enticing update named Mandatory 1.
Why has the news lately been talking about how great the iOS devices play games being DS killers or the death of the consoles?
That is total bullshit.
The iOS touchscreen is only better for certain types of games.
Nintendo's 3DS is poised to sell like hotcakes and I believe it will.
As for consoles, as long as they are configuration controlled, they will always be popular.
I just believe that it's Apple, Apple's fanboys, and Sony that are trying to cast doubt on Nintendo's business.
I agree.
Yes.
I think I've said that on the show before is that the Apple stuff, just the device itself, not all games work on it.
And a lot of the ports they show being bad ports.
But some of the original stuff works out okay.
Like that re-rave game we were talking about earlier.
I mean, that was designed for a touchscreen.
It works.
And it works pretty good.
I'm sorry.
Pretty good-em.
All right.
Pretty well.
Any other emails tonight?
Pretty well.
Well-em.
Well-em.
No, that's it, Rob.
Alright, Mailbag at OrangeLoungeRadio.com if you want to send us an email to possibly maybe read on next week's show.
Maybe.
But for now, some angst in the segment we call FUs of the Week.
Um...
FU, this is sort of an FU, to jury duty.
I mean, I know it's my civic duty, and actually I kind of want to be on a case, but right now, I don't have to go in tomorrow, so I'm very happy.
You should reschedule yours for May 9th, because that's the night you find.
Okay.
Well, I actually am going to have to reschedule mine for after school, because I can't have anything...
Here's my FU.
FU to the damn light cycle that I'm having to model in Maya.
I've gotten the tail of it done, finally.
But I'm having a hell of a time with the curve.
I can't get Maya installed on my computer, so it's pissing me off.
And I don't really feel like going to hang out at the Mac Lab all day using the Mac Lab to try to get it to work.
So Maya can bite my butt.
I'm probably going to not get an A in this class.
I kind of don't care.
I just want to pass it.
Because guess who's graduating this semester?
That would be me!
Okay, I'm done.
I'm just reminded of a scene from Strangers with Candy.
I got a D!
You know what?
What?
I have not gotten a D at all.
What about an F?
The only reason I got an F is because I dropped the class and they didn't register me on the books that I dropped it.
F for fantastic work.
Loki!
F for fuck this place!
I would say probably F you to colds and having my son have a cold because he's really cranky.
And if you did tape gun and attacked my finger earlier this week, I now have multiple cuts on my finger.
Did it jump up and bite you?
Something like that.
That looks painful, my god.
It wasn't that painful, but yeah, there's like five.
Imagine if you cut yourself with, not necessarily a piece of paper, but maybe like a knife, just like a small cut.
but five of those really close together that's basically the tape gun for you and it did that in two fingers.
It hurt for a little bit but no more than a paper cut.
It bled really bad though.
That was fun.
That's it.
My FU goes to Loki for bringing up my ex on the program on live internet radio.
Thank you, Loki.
Nah, but really though, my FU goes to tacos because they are amazing and addicting and I really want one right now.
Like, just a taco sounds great.
Just saying.
You know, Rob?
What?
We had pesto chicken.
You could have some.
That's all right.
I'm craving the really fatty Jim Boy's ground beef tacos.
With Parmesan cheese on the crust.
Delicious.
All right.
Moving on with some more news.
And then the Skype line at 1-877-GAME-OLR.
But not yet.
We have some more news stories real quick.
Loki.
Yes.
And, you know, I don't know, this is kind of interesting.
But, you know, this kind of ties in with announcements of announcements.
But there is a rumor right now that there's, I guess, a Hitman ARG that's going on right now.
That's leading up to the announcement of a new Hitman game at E3.
That series is still around?
Yeah.
Yes, it's apparently still around.
I guess it's... Right now, they're saying that... I'm trying to see where it's coming from.
It started with an ad from Faircount Media Group in a catalog at Sundance Film Festival depicting a box of the Hitman series brand donuts with a barcode ending in 47.
And then it says, I guess, when a Hitman forum user tracked down the agency responsible for the ad and emailed them, he received a response from an account saying, you're on the right track.
And then they gave him a new image showing a pair of black gloves that appears to be GameScript and another barcode ending in 47 and some other random numbers and blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.
Whatever.
Okay, so it's a stupid ARG leading up to the announcement of Hitman.
Ooh, great.
So, we'll just have to wait until E3.
Oh, surprise.
I love announcements about announcements.
My favorite thing in the gaming industry.
You don't... In seven days, we will be announcing an announcement about a game coming out in 14 months.
You don't make it so damn obvious what it's going to be.
You have to, like, you know, make it completely weird and off the wall.
And then, you know, people are like, oh... There will be a trailer announcing this announcement.
One other quick story for you guys that has to do with the game Doodle Jump.
Have you ever heard of Doodle Jump?
Dan plays Doodle Jump all the time.
I have never heard of this game, but apparently it sold 10 million copies between iPhone and Android.
What is Doodle Jump then, DarkSakura?
You have that little dude on the picture.
It's like you just turn it and he jumps from platform to platform and you just have to keep him going forward.
Okay, so you don't actually doodle in the game.
I don't think so.
Interesting.
I haven't played it.
I've just seen Dan play it.
Well, they've sold 10 million copies.
I think you can make your own characters by doodling.
And funny enough, this is the perfect kind of last story for tonight to kind of go with that story that came up earlier about how Zynga's like, we don't want to do our game on Xbox because Xbox is too small.
Well, what's the announcement?
Yep, Doodle Jump is going to be coming out for Xbox 360.
Lima Sky, who is the creative person behind the game Doodle Jump, said that they reached 10 million of their milestone.
They've also said that they are going to be bringing the game to Xbox Live Arcade and the Kinect controller from Microsoft.
They also want to release a multiplayer update to the iPhone version.
They want to do an iPad version and, of course, merchandise!
T-shirts, stickers, buttons, yay!
Can't wait.
So, even though some people want to hate on Xbox 360 because it's too small, some people think it might be a good place for their game.
At least the doodle jump people think so.
So, that's it for the news tonight.
Let's go to the Skype line.
We're going to open up the phone lines right now.
1-877-GAME-OLR or our username on Skype is Orange Lounge Radio if you'd like to give us a call.
In the meantime, while we wait for some calls, maybe Loki has a last minute story or five.
Yeah, actually I do, and let's see, this was kind of cool, I saw this earlier today.
We talk a lot about Kinect hacks and stuff like that, but this one's a little different.
It's a Kinect hack working on a PS3.
And basically it's somebody using the Kinect to play Killzone 3.
And it's...
Hi, you're on Orange Launch Radio, who's this?
This is DJ Blaziken.
Not much.
I think it was last week or something, Parasite Eve came out for PlayStation Network and I finally picked it up.
I saw it was actually pretty darn well...
It looks a little bit awkward and really blocky on my 20 inch HDTV and 1080p but looks really good though on the PSP Go and this is a little thing for all the listeners who might have the PSP Go that probably didn't know this or ever figured it out.
You can actually sync your PlayStation 3 controller to it via the Bluetooth and makes it a little bit easier to play if
If you're at a desk or something and you just don't like the whole control scheme of that, but, oh my god.
I mean, for years I just saw the trailer, and that blew my mind.
It still blows my mind now, looking at the visuals, even though now we're in the HD age, I mean, it still just goes to show, you know, Square...
with a lot of effort into just maxing out the potential of whatever system they're working on.
Everything from the original NES to now.
I think we've seen it.
It's maxed.
The thing about Parasite Eve, they did make a second game, but they never really made a third.
I do know there's third birthday, but that was years later, obviously.
Do you think it's best that some games don't get sequels?
Or do you think that really good games deserve sequels?
I think really good games, especially like this, I don't know how much notoriety it got, but it seems like a game for potential of sequels.
I remember it being a pretty big deal back in the day because it was one of the first Square games to come out after Final Fantasy VII from what I remember.
Granted, my memory's a little fuzzy because I'm really fucking old, but it's something like that.
Yeah, I saw one of those PlayStation Magazine demo discs
and oh my god even though at the time my mom wouldn't let me play very damn games back then too I just didn't have the cash to get it so and now that I'm of age and have the cash I was just like heck I'll get this that's right I'm mature now I'm gonna play all the mature rated games I want and do you know what it's I don't know what I gotta praise Square cause
they have probably the best I mean I may sound like a little bit of a square fanboy but who hasn't been ever they always just seem to come out with games with a really great story arc that connects you with the characters and makes you feel like an emotional attachment to them almost and it's just like whoa I will admit
if this has ever happened to any of you guys that a game ending ever made you cry it would have had to have been the first Kingdom Hearts ending when Kairi and Sora split apart on two different lands OMG spoilers I could never beat Kingdom Hearts it was hard it was hard but worth the grind yeah, yeah, that's true if you reach the ending it was a pretty sad ending
It just brought tears to my eyes.
I was like, no!
Come back!
It's okay, try to keep your emotions in check on the show, buddy.
Have you played through Parasite Eve yet?
I've gotten up to probably the first boss battle so far, and I'm just getting my ass hated to me.
So I'm trying to look at walks through and possible online strategy guides to figure out
What the good news is with those older games, there's a ton of them out there, so that's a good thing.
I have them all.
Sure.
Okay.
Basically, what would you think, because with the PlayStation Move controllers being so in the way of Wii remotes, if with the jailbroken PS3, someone comes out with a Wii emulator that does HD support for the PS3 with Wii games?
It would be difficult because, remember, emulators take a lot more horsepower to run than the actual consoles themselves.
So even right now, running a Nintendo 64 emulator on a PS3, while possible, that's pretty much maxing out the resources right now.
Yeah, the PlayStation 3 has to emulate the fucking PS2 first, and I'm not talking about the old-school first-generation consoles because they had the extra chip, which is why they were so expensive, but...
I find it very odd that we still have seen nothing about PlayStation 2 emulation on PlayStation 3 outside of that very, very first generation of consoles.
Yeah, and someone, I don't know where, this is from the end, you know, quote me here, but I heard rumors that somewhere like the most recent firmware update was supposed to add it.
I got that.
I'm going to try to see if one of my friends can bring down like a Tarko or something on DDR Max.
Yes, that old.
And if it does boot up, then maybe it wasn't a firmware patch that we just never really figured.
No, you would have trumpets and fanfare and confetti everywhere if that were to happen.
And honestly, I wouldn't expect it to be as easy as putting your discs in.
I think those sick bastards will make you pay for the games all over again.
But I can hope not.
I sure hope not.
I might just get a PlayStation 2 again if it doesn't work.
Just so I can have Beatmania, just most of the B-Money titles, really, because, I mean, I have the Rockman keyboard, and it's making me miss Keyboard Mania, because that was at my arcade.
You gotta have it for a rainy day.
They got rid of it.
I don't know why.
That along with Poppin' Music, they used to have that.
They had just all the B-Money games here at Family Fun Center, but
they've traded them all in for random stuff and only once we have left the linked Parapara rest in peace the arcades I remember alright Blaziken I gotta let you go so we can get more calls arcade infinity RIP that was just sad watching the video alright we're gonna go pour a 40 right now alright Blaziken I gotta let you go to get more calls have a good one buddy alright peace out bye
1877-GAME-OLR Username on Skype is Orange Lounge Radio Anything else, Loki, while we're waiting for another call?
I don't really have too much I was going to talk, there was some other developments with the whole PlayStation hacking stuff and the whole court case, everything I believe they, was it the judge okayed Sony to get the basically people that have
Donated money from California Into the Geohot thing They've gotten access to those records And then also they're trying to find A software development kit manual
on his computer because in the manual it has like if you need help supporting you're in the US territories call this number because he's basically saying that he was unaware that Sony was in California or something like that and they're trying to find a way to link it to him that he knew that they're in California to which I say who the fuck reads a manual for something like that and I don't think it's actually on his system I think he used open open source stuff to create his hacks so
It may be a stretch.
But it seems like they're really trying to grab at straws here.
Alright, we got another call coming in, so let's go to it.
Hi, you're on Orange Launch Radio.
Who's this?
Hey, how's it going?
This is SSJ100 Matt.
Hello, SSJ100 Matt.
What's going on, buddy?
Hello, hello.
Doing good.
I just wanted to call and get my late PAX East report.
You're late.
PAX East was so last week.
Are you calling in to talk about PAX East 2012?
Internet time, that's like 100 years.
All right.
No, I'm kidding.
What's up?
Obviously, you're probably on the way home or something, so we'll give it a bye.
Did you have a good time?
Yeah, I definitely had a good time.
You know what?
I liked it a lot more than last year.
Oh, of course, because I wasn't there.
Yeah, well.
Hey, don't agree with that, asshole.
I'm just kidding.
So what was better about it than last year?
You know what?
It was the bigger conventions that really made a difference.
And I think a lot more people were able to work with the larger space.
Tabletop gaming was big.
I mean, the spacing of the booths were good.
People weren't hidden behind other booths.
You know, you're able to see everyone's
Everyone got plenty of traffic, I think.
And there was a lot more newer stuff there, I guess.
They got to play on the 3DS.
They got to play Duke Nukem Forever.
And one game that I really liked, Child of Eden.
Oh, yeah.
The spiritual successor of sorts to Rez, sure.
Yeah, and you know what?
I think...
You guys will certainly enjoy it.
I'm actually considering a Kinect because of that game.
How does it work?
Is it really like res but you use your hands to kind of highlight things?
Is that kind of what the deal is?
It's pretty much that way.
You know what, it's weird because there's two different ways of shooting.
You use your left hand to shoot, you know, to highlight over and then, you know, push forward to shoot, you know, the missiles.
And then you can use your right hand to shoot like the gun regularly.
Interesting.
So you switch off
during the gameplay, which is really interesting.
It's really interesting that it's able to capture that with limited problems.
The other thing that I really liked at PAX East was the classic arcade room.
They had a lot more stuff.
I'm sure you remember last year it was kind of set up like Flynn's Arcade, where you had Journey music playing and
Well, last year I remember it was just a room full of consoles and you could kind of check out whatever game you wanted to play and do it all that way, but they kind of kicked it up a notch this year with the bigger space?
Well, yeah, but I'm talking about the arcade room where they had the arcade machines all set up.
Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, the one that was next door to the console room.
Yes, yes, I remember.
Okay, yeah, yeah, yeah.
They had a lot more, I think they doubled the amount of arcade games there.
Oh, nice.
And they also had a couple of guys from Twin Galaxies trying to beat High Score of Life.
Nice.
Oh, man.
That was one of my favorite spots at PAX East.
Yeah.
So that was really interesting.
I had a lot of fun there.
And you know, it was kind of disappointing because not too many people went up there to play stuff.
Everyone was downstairs on the expo floor.
So, you know, I was able to play all the arcade games I wanted to.
Nice.
Very cool.
What do you hope that they bring next year to PAX?
What's an improvement they need to make for next year's PAX?
I think, you know, that as much as it was a great plan, the panels themselves weren't... I didn't really find to enjoy.
I mean, the thing was, most of the panels...
or by networking.
A lot of stuff you kind of see at GDC.
I mean, I'm not really into getting into the business.
I mean, I'm just, you know, a gamer.
I don't play.
I don't make games.
But, you know, they had a lot of panels like that.
You know, it's a great idea and I think they should keep that.
But, you know, there was, you know, very limited stuff about games, you know, gaming itself, I guess.
So maybe they need to diversify the panel lineup a little bit more.
or maybe have more rooms.
There was only one panel they went to and that was the Xbox Live Enforcement.
Oh yeah, I saw a clip of that one online.
That looked kind of interesting actually.
Where they were showing how they could ban people.
They basically just run through giant columns of names and highlight all the colors.
It was interesting.
Yeah.
Kind of neat.
Alright, well I am hoping I can go out to PAX East next year but it's a plane ticket so the cost of gas has to come down but we'll see.
And it's in April next year.
During Passover, in a way.
Oh, no.
No, no.
Get this.
It starts on my birthday this year.
Does it really?
Yep.
Interesting.
Well, no.
Passover.
Well, I was going to say, it would be funny if PAX East was around the same time next year.
No cake.
I'll eat cake on the day before.
Space it out a little more.
You should come to PAX East.
You know what?
If I could afford it or if a bunch of people wanted to get together and put the money together and send me a plane ticket.
Although Japan disaster relief is kind of important right now.
But I'm saying if you got 10 people to put 20 bucks together, that's half a plane ticket.
That's just wasted $20.
No, I'm kidding.
Hopefully things will get better next year financially and economically and we can evaluate that for next year.
Take it easy, guys.
1-877-GAME-OLR or our username on Skype is Orange Lounge Radio while we wait for some more calls.
Loki, anything else?
Um... Not really.
I don't know.
I don't remember if we talked too much about Angry Birds and how much they've sold.
Freaking tweet!
I don't understand the Angry Birds obsession.
I don't either.
The game's alright.
It's okay.
But I mean, it's...
There's more fun games out there.
I think it's really the price point that sold so many copies of that.
I don't understand the whole movie franchising thing.
I don't understand the whole obsession with it.
People are dumb.
That's what I've really come to understand is this whole new casual gaming market out there, your moms and other relatives or whatever, they're playing these casual games.
No, they're hardcore now, according to Zynga.
Oh, I'm sorry.
They're hardcore, according to Zynga.
Zynga, you're stupid.
They're not hardcore, and I'm sorry.
I think that they're kind of...
They're not dumb necessarily, but their expectations are a lot lower compared to everybody else.
I don't know.
Whatever.
I totally, totally, totally want to go to that.
See, I don't know if there'd be enough for me there.
I mean, I would go to hang with people and that would really be it for me.
It was kind of like when I went to that anime con in Chicago, the ASEN con that I did a little panel at.
I want to go to ASEN too.
I had a good time hanging with people, but the con itself was just We need to see about getting in for fanime.
I mean, we need to talk to our people.
Yeah.
All right, we got another call coming in.
Let's take it.
Hi, you're on Orange Tons Radio.
Who's this?
Hi, this is Spazineater.
Hey buddy, how you doing, Spazineater?
Yeah, pretty good, you?
Two quick items.
One question and one comment.
The comment first, sorry about the typos and all that in my email.
I'm just giving a hard time.
She just gives everybody shit, don't worry about it.
I give people I like a hard time.
It's called love.
Yeah, I know.
Now as far as my question, now seeing that Microsoft is basically doing away with the zone,
Are they going to ax the video marketplace as well on Xbox Live?
No.
That was around before the Zoom.
When did the Zoom come out?
The Zoom came out about a year after Xbox was out and I seem to recall that video marketplace was going pretty early.
So, no.
I mean, if they can still sell movies on there, they're going to do it.
Even though the Zoom's going away, don't forget they still have the Windows mobile phones and I think that's really kind of where they're focusing.
I mean, think about it.
A lot of the
The marketplace for the iOS is centered around the iPhone.
I mean, granted, you have your iPads and you have your iPod Touches still.
But I think the iPhone claims a pretty fair share of that market So I think the Zune fading out is more Microsoft kind of aligning itself Instead of doing a Zune phone, now they have this Windows 7 phone or whatever it is So no, you're not going to see the movie stuff go away Especially, God, how could you?
Especially with Netflix, Hulu they've announced for the end of the year And all this other stuff Yeah, it's only going to be more
You know, I was just kind of curious because now that I got a computer and I use Zune Marketplace on my computer, I'm just going to use a whole lot more now.
You'll probably see it get rebranded as like, you know, the Windows Mobile or Windows.
It'll get rebranded.
They'll probably walk away from that Zune name, but it'll still be there.
Oh, alright.
Thanks for taking my call.
I definitely appreciate it.
No problem, buddy.
You have a good one.
Alright, you have a good one.
Later.
Wow, that was a neat call because he said, hey, I got a question.
We answered it.
He's like, okay, bye.
I like that.
Alright, so since that call was so fast, we'll go ahead and do one more call.
Hi, you're on Orange Launch Radio.
Who's this?
Hi, guys.
Can you guys hear me?
We can.
Who's this?
Hi, it's DDR Dollar Bill.
Hey, DDR Dollar Bill.
How you doing?
Hey, doing all right, man.
Just figured I just want to make it quick because I don't want to take too long.
I just want to give my impressions on PAX East.
Hey, you're late.
No, that's all right.
You were driving in the car with Ranma last week, right?
Yes, I was.
Okay, well, you didn't get to talk because you were probably driving.
So what did you think of PAX East?
I enjoyed it, heavily.
My favorite part was something that not many people really understood.
It wasn't really the games, it wasn't really the panels.
It was the actual fact that I actually got to interview some of the developers.
Oh, so just being close and getting to interact with people that are usually behind closed doors at trade shows.
Exactly.
Okay.
Who are some of the developers you got to talk to?
I got to talk to one guy from Microsoft who was developing the upcoming Fire Pro Wrestling release on Xbox Live Arcade I was really interested because Fire Pro Wrestling I don't know how many people know this but it's like a really old school wrestling game that was hailed heavily because I've actually got a couple of Fire Pro Wrestling games
What's that?
We've got the Dreamcast one that had the Virtua Fighter characters in it.
Oh, you mean the All Japan featuring Virtua?
That had a wolf in it, yeah.
Yeah, and the Giant Graham series.
Yeah, but I think we've got one of the Fire Pro.
I think the Dreamcast, yeah, D it's called.
Yeah.
Yeah, this one actually uses your avatars as wrestlers.
Oh, that's pretty sweet.
Fun.
Oh yeah, and from what I was told, you actually have to develop the moves from the beginning.
So you start off at level 1, and you basically keep fighting, and the more levels you get, the more moves you get.
And the moves from what I've seen so far, they seem kind of more arcade-ish, not as so much like the current wrestling games like SmackDown vs. Raw and all that.
But,
I think if it works well, I think it would actually be a nice hit, especially if you use your avatars and whatnot So you liked getting close to the developers, and it's funny because on a previous call, SJ100 Matt was talking about the panels were a little much on the side of how to get into the business Did you find that same thing to be true, or did you kind of like that?
Um, I found that to be the same thing, and to be quite honest, I actually liked it, because it actually showed me a side of gaming I've never really, you know, explored.
Like the developing side, the, um... You just discovered a whole new side of yourself you never knew was there before.
Oh yeah, I could show you how much video I was doing, yeah.
Nice.
You know, I remember when I went to PAX the first year, PAX Prime, one of the games they were showing was Warhammer, and it was pretty cool.
The Warhammer Online one, the WoW killer that didn't really end up killing WoW.
But it was cool to be able to kind of like, because one of the guys, I was playing the game, he just came up and was talking to me about it.
It was really cool.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
I had two more interviews like that.
I'm going to get the name wrong, but it's called iRacing.
It was like a racing simulator type, kind of like Gran Turismo for the PC.
And you had to play against real players, not computer AI.
And I was actually sitting down there with the driving wheel, with the voice feedback and everything.
After about maybe 10 minutes of driving, and I had to stop because I wanted to do other things.
I actually felt my body going forward, like the whole inertia.
Oh, wow.
Yeah, I was like, wow.
I was like slowly walking away like... That sounds like my first time with a 3DS, but... Oh, I had to turn that 3D off.
I couldn't see.
Yeah.
I was half blind when I tried it.
It was just too much headache.
It's so interesting to hear different people's reactions to that.
I'm so curious to see what's going to happen when that thing comes out for the public.
I know.
Best Buy already has a demo unit out.
Oh, yeah.
I heard a lot of places are getting the demo units.
So they're pretty easy to get your hands on now.
I mean, they're out Sunday.
This is not something that's coming out like six months from now.
It's out like soon.
Yeah, I'll probably pick it up later.
But one last thing, though, about 3D real quick.
I also saw the Nvidia 3D cards and for some reason 3DS and most 3D TVs I can't really use the 3D because it makes me dizzy but when I was playing when I was trying out Warcraft in 3D on three screens no problems whatsoever I can only imagine what that must be like that must be insane that's too much wow did I really say that?
It's too much wow.
All right.
Oh, Rob.
It's not such a thing.
DDR dollar bill.
I cannot believe that just came out of your mouth.
That's why I said it.
Is this the same woman that I've hosted this show with for nine years?
That's why I said it, Rob.
It's crazy.
It's called irony.
It's crazy.
I just like the 3D.
It's like, wow, I can actually see it.
The first sign of the end of the world coming in 2012 was when DarkSakura admitted to liking Warcraft.
That was like the first sign.
All right.
Anyhow.
All right.
DDR Dollar Bill, I got to let you go so we can wrap up the show.
But thanks so much for your call, buddy.
And glad to hear you had fun at PAX East.
See you next year.
Later.
Well, it was like a 17-hour drive to get to Prosser, so I would imagine tack on another four to that to get to Seattle.
No, because you can get to Portland in 10, and Seattle's another three to four from Portland.
But that's just a straight shot up five.
Well, yeah.
To get to where you're going, you have to go through more hilly roads.
We went, I think, the 93.
Yeah, you gotta go through weird... No, Seattle's just a straight shot up five.
See, my ride's quite a bit longer.
And we actually didn't go through that part of Oregon.
We stopped in Bend.
You know what, DarkSakura?
I already know Loki's not going to come because of the baby, but you and I should rent a van.
We're doing it.
I can't promise you.
Money, money.
I know, I need money.
Alright, we'll see.
More to develop in the future.
Let me just do one more check with Loki on any last minute stories and then we're going to wrap up the show.
Nah.
You just want to get out of here and play more Motorstorm.
yeah I won't get to play more Motorstorm at home I could I mean it's just you know a TV and stuff alright well we're gonna go ahead and start to wrap up tonight's show but first we have to go around and get everybody's final thoughts Loki I guess we'll start with you tonight you have a final thought for our listeners I will be playing lots of Motorstorm at work though that's for sure it's such an awesome game and DarkSakura your final thought tonight
We have Girl Scout cookies and I am going to be wonderful and not eat one.
My final thought is I will happily eat that Girl Scout cookie on your behalf.
But what I really want is a taco.
A taco Girl Scout cookie.
Rob.
What?
Meh.
Also, I need to go on a diet.
that's it for another week of Orange Lounge Radio thank you guys so much for listening to our show we really appreciate the support you guys give us every week when you tune in
We hope you guys all have a wonderful week.
Enjoy the 3DS.
Those of you guys are going to run out and get it on Sunday.
We'll be back to talk about that and much more next week.
I'm sure, Loki, you're getting yours right on Sunday, right?
So you can show us an American one next week?
No, it's not on Sunday.
I ordered mine from GameStop.
Yeah, I know.
But hey, knowing the game industry and how it works, they're getting the largest portion of those systems.
So I ordered a bundle off their website.
So it'll be shipped to me.
So I'll have it.
Not Sunday, but the next week.
I don't really care because I already have a 3DS, but yeah.
It'd be nice to see the American versions of stuff and the different games that are out here.
Alright, well that's going to do it.
So next week we'll be back to talk 3DS and so much more, whatever else is going on in gaming with you guys on the show where every gamer has a voice, Orange Lounge Radio.
Remember, if you like the show, please leave us a nice review on iTunes or tell two friends about the show.
Help us spread the word because word of mouth is all we got for advertising.
We'll be back next week to do it all again.
Have a good week.
Thanks for watching!
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is an Orange Lounge production.
To join us for a live show, visit www.allgames.com Sunday nights at 6pm Pacific Time.
The views and opinions expressed on Orange Lounge Radio do not necessarily reflect those of the entire staff of Orange Lounge Radio or allgames.com, but we're probably right anyway.
See you next week!
