Tonight, March 18th, 2012, a new handheld will let you experience an old system all
over again.
Diablo 3 finally gets a release date, and one fan goes to the feds over a controversial
video game ending.
It is the show where every gamer has a voice, but I'll be guiding you over the next few
hours with my co-hosts.
First off, the one and only Dark Soccer, Jamie Summers.
How are you?
Hi Rob.
What?
Hi.
I see you're wearing a red shirt tonight.
Yes I am.
With a Star Trek logo.
Yes I am.
So you're just waiting to get shot.
No, it's engineering.
I see.
So you're safe.
Yeah.
No falling objects on Jamie tonight.
No, usually just, you know, the core will overheat and they'll have to close down engineering
and someone will fall into the antimatter.
So that won't be me.
But you can't mix the matter with antimatter.
No, you kind of do that.
Alright, say hello as well to Tech Master, Loki, joining us every week.
Hello.
How are you, Loki?
I'm fine.
You've got your Vita out.
Yes.
Playing Vita.
Well, I'm trying to have my Vita see my phone so it can tether to it.
So I can download some, actually no, downloading over 3G would be really fucking slow.
Maybe I shouldn't do that.
Yeah, it would be very slow.
Yep.
Never mind.
Skip that.
Yeah.
That's what I thought.
Alright.
We have a guest tonight.
You know, a lot of folks were asking, how are you going to celebrate episode number
450?
And I was like, I didn't realize that was a landmark number, but okay, 450.
But things worked out just really ironically and just, you know, funny things happen sometimes.
Where we have a guest tonight who's joining us on the program for the first time since
2004, but he's a name that should be familiar to all you guys.
It's our webmaster VX Jason XV is here tonight.
Hi, Jason.
Hi, Olarme.
How are you?
I'm exhausted.
Buses are doing nothing for upwards of a day is very tiring.
Go figure.
You're not much of a flyer.
You're a, you're a busser.
Not anymore, unfortunately.
So I get to deal with the day or multi day trips.
Well, I, now that they take nudies of you at the airport, I can understand another,
another very good reason why I decided to stop going to the airport.
Where your hesitation comes from, like, you know, some people want to charge for those.
Uh, so let's see.
It's been about eight years.
How have you been?
Um, I've been older, I guess, since you put it in those wonderful terms.
I've lived in three different States since the last time I was on the show.
I moved out of New Mexico to Arizona around the middle of 2000.
And then a couple of years later, moved out to Colorado where I've been for about the
last five, bought a house and things are, you know, things are progressing in the life
kind of way.
When a dark Tetsuya interviewed me, I mentioned that in the last year I've actually been a
part of a podcast of my own called the Ask Different Podcast, plenty of a Apple nerdiness
and whatnot.
Probably kind of similar, same extent.
We just talk about what's interesting and any particular newsworthy items or if we really
want to delve into a specific topic, we'll, we'll spend some time and talk really detailed
about something in particular.
And you have an amazingly sexy radio voice.
So I, I, you know, and you know, I say that with all, you know, I, I love you, but not
like that, you know, but you do have an amazingly sexy radio voice.
And uh, you know, I'm, I would think that podcast would be great to listen to you guys
still doing it.
Or did that stop?
We, we, we've been off for the past couple of weeks primarily because I've been on this
trip and then one of the other co-hosts have been sick.
So it hasn't been working out so well.
But the last episode was just posted, should have been the first week of the month or just
before that.
And it's been, it's been regular since, uh, the start of winter, at least we had a little
winter hiatus, but it's been regular since it's been taking its fiber.
I don't know if you heard, but there was a new iPad announced really San Francisco Apple
store was a zoo this weekend and surprisingly has nothing to do with St. Patrick's day.
Did they even have any left?
I didn't ask.
I, I'm not, I'm not on a spending money trip, unfortunately.
That's all right.
I, uh, I did, I was commenting on your little iPad set up though, cause you had a little
Bluetooth keyboard and you, you are an Apple nerd.
I am absolutely an Apple nerd anymore.
It's kind of a culture shock to come in here cause I'm surrounded with a bunch of things
that aren't white or silver or Chrome and slick.
I refuse to conform.
This is, this is also temporary housing too.
So we don't plan to stay here forever, but anyway, um, let's see.
So let's talk a little bit about kind of like your history here on OLR.
So you, the last time you were on this show, just put it in perspective, we were still
a show primarily about music, video games and like, you know, DDR, beat mania, Parappa,
all that stuff.
So you still play in music games?
Um, occasionally every once in a while, it's usually one of those things where if somebody
we know is over that has never heard of them before, we like to, uh, I have a homemade
pop and music controller, full size, you know, two, two ratio and whatnot.
And so we throw in one of the versions and play some hard songs and they get a kick out
of this loud, clacky game with an oversized controller.
Um, I try to keep up on the two DX console releases.
Unfortunately, the arcade that did have a machine nearby, uh, went to Utah in the past
couple of months.
So some of the arcade avenues have disappeared for me, but, um, I, I try not so much DDR
as much as other things and it's, you know, it's still interesting cause I still adore
the music.
I still listen to it any chance I get.
Even in the new two DXs, you forgive the music cause I, I'm, I'm kind of not a big fan of
where Bahmani music went.
It's not as good as it used to be in my opinion.
Video game music, music in general follows a flow with me.
I have to have an association with it.
And as of Empress, I don't have an association with it anymore.
So no, it's not as interesting to me.
There's a couple of gyms here and there, but if you ask me to pick a favorite, I would
probably go back to sixth, eighth style.
Back when it was the classics, uh, you were a moderator on DDR freak.
I was.
I think technically I might still be listed as one DDR free closed.
I don't know if you heard, I know I was still listed as one and I hadn't looked at the site
in years.
So highly active moderator as well.
Well, I mean, I even, I told them, I think it was about three years ago when I was kind
of saying that I'm not going to be around the site as much anymore because I just don't
feel relevant anymore.
I don't feel that I'm relevant with it anymore.
Um, and I, I guess I heard that that was happening and maybe I did hear that it closed down,
but not going to the site anymore and seeing the page means that it doesn't really, you
know, it's not any different to me.
I was going to be there to look at it.
I think it's still there, but the forums are all, it's cool.
And the forums were the last great hurrah.
I think that and the machine locations, which I think kind of got dusty.
So I don't think, you know, they're really doing pretty much all the hardcore Bemani
nerds as far as I know, unless there's other sites I'm not aware of are on Bemani style
at this point.
Bemani style.
Aaron in Japan is still very prominent and zenisivanishur is the trendy name of the week.
I know that.
No, I know that.
So, but they've been around a couple of years.
I know them.
Yeah.
So, okay.
Um, gosh, what else do I ask a man who hasn't been on the show in eight years?
Let's let's talk about eight years ago.
You and I went to E3 together and dear friends.
That's right.
Oh gosh.
Yes.
That first dear friends.
Last time I was on the show.
Nobu was still part of square.
That was, that was the night.
And I know I've told this story on the show on many times, but that was the night where
we were surprised.
Remember this case?
I don't even like you and I got tickets or I think I bought tickets and you bought one
or so.
I don't even remember how we did it, but we, you and I ended up going to this thing together
and we sat four and five seats down from Nobu who crossed by us multiple times to get to
the stage.
The punchline is we're sitting there in our seats where we're the very last row of the
orchestra section.
Right?
So, I mean, we kind of walk in there.
We're like, okay, we might not be front and center, but from like an acoustical standpoint,
we're like right in the center of the room.
This is going to be the best place.
We're not the, we're about four seats away from the very, very center of the room, but
we're like really close.
But we do notice like four seats down, the seats are blocked off with caution tape.
And we're just kind of thinking like, oh, okay, well, you know, these seats, uh, maybe
they're broken or, you know, something happened, but they don't want people sitting there for
whatever reason.
The MC something for the, uh, for the actual venue, something like that, something like
that.
So finally Nobu Imatsu comes out and the only way we know this is that he kind of, you know,
he peaks out and he's, he's not really dressed in a suit and tie.
He's dressed like, you know, in a robe, he's pretty easy to spot and just everybody stands
and applauds him.
This is before the thing even starts.
They'll stand and they start applauding him and like, we're standing, we're applauding
too.
We're like, oh, he's, he's walking over this way.
Oh, he's walking, he's walking closer to us.
Oh, oh my gosh, he's right in front of me and I need to move so he can get to his seat
that's blocked off.
And so that was like our, our brush with greatness right there.
Cause you know, obviously the man, I mean Final Fantasy was the music for so long.
So just kind of being able to have that as part of the experience of, oh, going to a
concert all about the music was amazing.
Believe me, I've told that story my fair share of times to a nerd that would appreciate it
as well too.
And it's funny cause that wasn't even the section that you wanted to buy tickets for
in the first place.
You wanted to be one more section up and they were completely sold out.
So you're like, okay, let's, let's upgrade then and not downgrade and orchestra section.
Yeah, let's do it.
I was like, well, yeah, cause at that time, a, I was 20 year old with no responsibility
whatsoever.
B, it was kind of like, you know, why not?
Is like how many times are they going to do a concert like this?
We didn't know tour or anything like that.
Now you and I didn't go to more friends after that.
More friends was not as good.
Sadly, they had a lot of problems with that venue, but anyway, we will, we won't dwell
on the negative, just the positive.
But that was that the only E3 you ended up going to?
I've only ever been to 04.
I don't think I've even been back in the state since 2004.
And again, to put it in perspective, the big thing they showed off that year was the Nintendo
DS, not the D, not the DSI, and Pokemon XD.
They had a very big corner of that.
I remember.
And how was E3?
Uh, Oh God, I don't even remember E3 to be completely honest that, I mean, that was one
of those things where I came out and it was, you know, finally putting faces to names of
so many people.
Cause it was the big, uh, the, the four of us in the room here now we're a part of it.
See, I flew out with DDR freaks.
So there was a whole bunch of people whose names I know and, uh, talked with, uh, frequently
I can finally be in person with, um, E3 was for, for a gamer.
It was fun because there was plenty of things to look at and get your hands on.
And G4 was still prominent back then.
They had the orange booth last that year, if you remember, and all the, all the college
kids running around interning for them and whatnot.
I'm trying to think of one specific thing about the show that was exciting and minus
the Konami booth, which is kind of a given and the fact that square had a humongous final
fantasy, final fantasy 11 was prominent back then.
Wow.
Wasn't even the MMO of that.
Wow.
Did not exist at that point.
If you can believe it, they might've been showing the early stuff about it.
I don't remember.
It was too long ago.
You even PVP'd at E3.
Oh, that was the year I won the computer.
Yeah.
The old show computer was one in a final fantasy 11 event.
Yes.
I did.
I won.
I won the thank you square for the old computer.
Although we don't use it anymore.
Let's see what was in there.
The gizmondo I think was still being phantom.
Yeah.
Yeah.
The Phantom that they, they hadn't relegated themselves to a keyboard yet, but the Phantom
was still very prominent there right behind Konami as a matter of fact,
I will never forget the experience of walking in there the first time.
And the very first thing I saw at E3 was Konami's booth and the big game they were doing that
year was silent Hill for the room.
That was the coolest set up I'd ever seen.
That wasn't that awesome.
And it was just kind of like, wow, it's like I'm at the state fair, but it's all about
video games.
It was a silent Hill four and metal gear solid three.
Wasn't it?
Yeah.
They kind of had both going on.
Yeah.
But I just remember the big set up with all the little light in a room with eight or so
systems and it's a room and you're in it and you're playing the room, which I still, I
started and speaking of this, since we're talking about that game specifically, I had
a little silent Hill marathon week, uh, a while ago.
I replayed through the first three.
I replayed the first one.
I've done that before.
I played two and three, started to get to four and um, I guess it worked that time cause
it kind of creeped me out.
I wasn't, uh, I couldn't actually make it through that game.
Just the, the pace and the ambience and whatnot got to me for some reason.
And I actually didn't wind up making it through that one.
I'll have to try again someday.
You know, funny we bring up silent Hill and all that.
Um, I don't know if you guys realized the new silent Hill game just came out this past
week.
Really?
It told the silent Hill downpour.
I did.
I was at fries the other day, just randomly spending time where we're walking up and down
looking at video games.
I'm like, what's the silent Hill game?
Oh shit.
They released a new silent Hill game.
I totally forgot about this.
Yeah.
Silent Hill downpour came out and uh, Shane is sending me private messages here apparently.
And this is like a tiny spoiler, but not really.
It's not a story.
Story spoiler.
It says that you totally get to visit Henry's room from silent Hill four as an Easter egg
and it's still locked from the inside.
So I guess they're throwing in little, little throwbacks to the other silent Hill games,
even though silent Hill four, the room was not supposed to be a silent Hill game when
it started.
That's why it feels so disconnected from the rest of them.
Silent Hill form was original silent Hill four was originally a game called the room.
I'm confused.
Not to be confused with the movie.
Yeah.
Cause that would have sucked.
Um, no, I'm confused with the fact that.
So was his room supposed to be in silent Hill, like the, like the actual room part.
I mean, cause I don't get it.
I mean, I remember there was the portals to silent Hill, but what's his room supposed
to be?
Do you know how many years it's been since I played silent Hill in the room?
Would it be eight by chance?
I would have thought that this would have stuck with you.
I mean, no.
Uh, anyhow, I'm just trying to figure out, it was all a dream.
It was all dream.
All right.
Uh, let's talk about the video games that you've been playing this week.
You always talk a little bit about how is your gaming week and what video games you've
been playing, whether it be new or whether it be eight years old, um, dark soccer.
Hi, how are you?
How was your gaming week?
Uh, I have another 85 and she's a hoe bag dealer.
Um, she, she's a hoe bag.
I'm dressing her as slutty as possible.
So you're a blood elf.
Yeah.
And wow.
Um, uh, of course, I honestly thought we were talking about saints row or something like
that at first.
I, I kind of fell off that.
I should have known better, but I, I fell off some, you know, there's a, there's a big
reveal coming tonight about Mr. Pandaria because the, uh, which is the next expansion panda
people.
I don't know if you've heard, but the next expansion deals with walking, talky pandas,
and there was a press event last week.
The embargo lifts at midnight tonight, so there's going to be huge information from
the new tomorrow.
We can only hope that the worlds of saints row and world of Warcraft have collided, especially
the fuzzy wuzzy panda bears, but there have been some early leaks.
Some of the, you know, when they have an NDA for a week, inevitably somebody is going to,
it's too hot for their hands.
They got to let it out.
So we've seen what the female pandas look like now.
They look like, like red pandas, although some are saying that could just be one coloring.
I think it's just a coloring.
And then, uh, some of the videos that show off, like some of the dungeons, I got to say
that temple, the Jade serpent looks amazing.
So can't wait to get in some of those new instances.
I looked at it.
I thought it was pretty cool, but, uh, I tried to play some more star mine, but I'm actually
stuck on the puzzle.
So that's really about it.
And I watched Scott Pilgrim again for the 50 millionth time on St Patrick's day.
What possessed that?
We were bored.
That's good.
I also learned, um, a new game is called how not to blow up the house with a pressure cooker.
Good idea.
My first time using a pressure cooker made corned beef.
Yeah.
It was epic.
Under pressure.
All right.
Uh, Loki, how was your gaming week?
Um, I played a few things.
I actually, it's kind of funny.
I'm thinking of going to, uh, just like dedicating a month to playing PlayStation games.
Cause I like realize I have all these games on my PS3 that I'm just not playing and not
enough trophies.
That is true trophy level is quite, quite small at this point.
Uh, but no, it's like a, you know, a little big planet too.
I have to play through that still.
I have infamous that I got from the whole fallout from the network being down, um, that
the play through, um, and I'm sure there's some other games I want to go back and play
through resistance one, two, and three actually, cause I played through one all the way and
I love resistance.
Resistance was to me when you compare resistance and halo three resistance by far way better
game.
Um, but I kinda, I want to go through two and three and play through those, but before
I get the beat of one, so anyways, so stuff I actually did play, I played, um, journey.
I bought that game.
It's amazing game, very short, but who cares?
You can play through it a bunch of times.
Um, and it's just, it's a beautiful game.
It's one of those games that like I had people over, I'm like, Hey, you got to see this game
cause it's really beautiful.
So and the big spoiler last week I was trying to hide, but it was brought to my attention
from Bobby that it's revealed in the trailer.
So oops, my bad, but it's a multiplayer game and you don't like I did, I knew nothing about
journey going into it, but when I say it's a multiplayer game, you can't talk to that.
There's no, it doesn't work like other online games.
You have one emote and that's the little chirp that you do.
You can't type, you can't talk.
You don't even know who it is that you're playing with and you might think, God, that
sounds basic.
You don't know until the end.
Well, yeah, yeah, I will show you their, their little, I keep wanting to say gamer tags,
but PSN IDs or whatever they're called at the very, very, very end of the game.
Yeah.
But until that point you have no idea who it is and you can't really communicate and
you might think, God, that seems so basic, but at the same time it's brilliant in its
simplicity.
Isn't it?
Yeah.
Because even like, why do we hate to play games online these days?
Fag, fag, fag, stop being such a fag, you play with a fag, it's noob fag.
Like that's why I can't play games online.
Like it's just, I have to mute everybody.
But the fact that Journey kind of scales it back and you have this experience or whatever
with somebody else where you communicate through this like new method of communication, the
little chirping is neat.
Anyway, I didn't mean to dominate your conversation, but I had to get that out since last week.
It was pretty cool because you don't really know what's going on.
The game reminds me a lot of Shadow of the Colossus, just like even the art style with
some of the characters that you meet later on, not trying to spoil anything, but, um,
they just reminds me a lot of Shadow of the Colossus.
But yeah, it's a really fun game.
Really beautiful game, it does a very good job of conveying emotion, I guess, through
the whole thing.
But yeah, it's definitely worth, I think, the 15 bucks to pick it up.
I played, let's see, aside from the PlayStation 3, I played some stuff on the Vita, mainly
just I went back and played a little bit more Motorstorm RC.
Little kind of frustrated, the controls and that, because I'll be doing a perfect lap
and then I'll run into the AI character or I'll run into a wall because I can't see it
well enough because of the camera sucking.
So that's a little annoying, but I did manage to top out all my friends on the leaderboards
there, at least for all the tracks that I've played, I still haven't played through the
whole game.
And I do like how it's like, oh, this track's not unlocked yet, and you can hit it and it
says buy, and you can buy the unlock to unlock all of them.
Why would I waste my time doing that, you know, seriously?
One thing I'm noticing about the Vita is that it is moving closer and closer to Facebook
games.
In some of the games I've played, I'd say I don't like that one bit.
Like it's really like, press this button to buy it right now.
You don't have to.
Get your recharge right now.
You don't have to, and that's the best part about it.
Why would I unlock all the tracks in this game that would defeat the purpose of playing
the game if you did that?
It's like you're paying money and it's like, oh, I'm done with the game now.
So you know, whatever.
It doesn't take that long to unlock everything, you just play through the tracks.
So I did that, and you know, it's still, it's an alright game still.
Noticing that some of the tracks are starting to repeat, which is kind of okay I guess.
And now this is kind of funny.
I played the demo for Ridge Racer on the Vita, except the demo for Ridge Racer on the Vita
is their E3 2011 demo that they had, which isn't really a demo at all.
It's just a demo of a, the engine, the concept, I'm not really sure what the fuck it's supposed
to be.
It's basically, it's just shots of the car, like it's panning around the car.
And if you touch the screen and drag your finger across, it sort of tweaks the music
a little bit, and if you hold the L or R buttons, it'll kind of like remix the music a bit.
And that's it.
And then like, I was like, oh okay, this is kind of neat, you know, while they're talking
about the game.
It's all, you know, the end of demo, I'm like, where's the racing?
Where the fuck is the racing?
Ridge Racer 10, showroom.
It's just, there is no fucking-
Press X to unlock the racing for only 100-
No, seriously, they're like, buy the full game, I'm like, I'm not even sure what the
full game is.
There's nothing here.
Oh, that's funny because there's nothing in the real game either.
Hold on though, to be devil's advocate, Loki, it's Ridge Racer.
You fucking know what the game is.
Like if you don't know by now, what is this, like the 10th or 11th Ridge Racer game?
If you don't know what Ridge Racer is by now, I can't fucking help you.
Well here's a spoiler, okay?
First off, the spoiler is that Ridge Racer for the Vita sucks.
Now I know that it's going to be a shock to some people-
How dare you?
It sucks.
And here's the even funnier part.
There's no new tracks in it.
They're all from Ridge Racer 7 from the PlayStation 3.
All of them, all three of them that are included with the game.
Oh, and you get another three if you purchase the game right away, you know, because you
need to have Ridge Racer, and you get another three tracks.
Or you can pay another like $7 to unlock some more tracks and cars.
Now I've heard the argument that, well, you know, really a lot of the cars that are in
these games are just kind of reskins of other cars and stuff like that with different stats
and you know, whatever.
It's not really, you know, these three cars you can upgrade and keep unlocking stuff or
whatever.
Once again, you know, we kind of talked about this last week with on disc DLC and stuff
like that.
It's the illusion of it, okay?
Now a game that has three cars versus advertising game that has 200 cars, like I think Ridge
Racer was an R4 fucking amazing game.
I'd rather have that on my Vita because that was just awesome and there was tons of tracks
and cars.
And yeah, and I understand that, you know, you can race the tracks backwards from the
get go.
Yeah, it's a stupid way to, you know, say you have double the amount of tracks that
you do.
But since you can't really, you know, have one and a half tracks in the game, you know,
they're going to have to count three full tracks.
Have you ever heard of a game that sounds so perfect for the rental market?
It's not perfect for the rental market.
It's perfect for a demo.
That's it.
That is a demo right there.
If they wanted, like, you know, to put that game out for free and then have the extra
cars, that would be, I don't think anyone would be really complaining about it, that
it has only three cars, but it's free and you get to play Ridge Racer.
And then if you want to buy additional cars, no one would balk at that.
They would, they would probably, I'd probably buy it.
I'd probably, well, I wouldn't buy it because it'd be free, but I would pay the extra, you
know, the extra money, you know, to maybe download some extra tracks and stuff like
that if it was free.
But it's not.
It costs $25, which they consider a discount.
It's not a fucking discount because there's plenty of games that are out there for $29.99,
and considering that a full game is only $10 more, or even, you know, kind of a not so
full game but it's Touch My Katamari was the same price, and I consider that a better experience,
although not by much, but at least there's actual content in there.
It's just, I don't understand.
And why was the game delayed?
It still sucks.
It still has like frame rate problems.
Weren't they doing graph, oh okay.
They weren't, yeah, they were supposedly doing graphic updates and stuff like that, it was
supposed to run better, and it still sucks.
It's like, what were you doing?
Womp womp.
You don't even have to like, I don't even know, they have all the geometry still for
the tracks because they were in Ridge Racer 7.
You didn't do anything.
Fuck, just upgrade the graphics from the PSP version, it would have been way better.
Alright, anything else you want to bitch about for your gaming week?
Uh, I played Call of Duty 4, and we're playing with some GPD mods now, which is fun, so we
have what we call Ninja Mode, or the, what is it, Ninja Games that I host because I have
the mod in my system, so when I host it, it allows us to run really fast and jump really
high and it's actually kind of fun with a few people, but then we still play legit games
and I still own all this.
Catching up on some of our comments from our chatroom at chat.orangelaunchradio.com, the
chat is talking about Journey a little bit.
Tigerclaw says, the only thing that would make Journey better would be music from Journey,
and Randy-
Wrong, you know, honestly I don't think it would.
Well hold on, because Randy piggybacks on that and says, if you play Journey while listening
to Don't Stop Believin' on loop, it totally syncs up.
Now as much as I love Journey and all Journey jokes aside, it should be noted that the soundtrack
for the game is pretty frickin' sweet, like it's a great, like, you know, ambience soundtrack.
But if you want to rock out while you play an ambient, artsy game, okay, sure, pick Journey.
Alright, anything else for your gaming week, Loki?
Ah, that's it.
Then let me go to Jason, since you're here tonight.
Jason, what kind of games have you been playing?
The ones where you serve customers and get money for it, by which I mean not really.
No, I've kind of been in a slump for the past month, gearing up for this trip and just kind
of working a lot.
Well now, I know you brought your 3DS with you, because our 3DS is mated when we weren't
looking and did the whole StreetPass thing.
What kind of DS game?
I don't know if you played any on the bus on the way here.
I surprisingly didn't do anything on the bus on the way here, except for sleep and occasional
music.
But for what it's worth, when I picked up my 3DS, I have the same set of games then
as I do now.
Those would be Bust A Move Universe, I think is the 3DS version.
Bust A Move, Star Fox 3D, On Green of Time 3D, and two more that I probably have never
touched because I don't...
Oh, Mario Land 3D, can't forget that one.
And at this point, probably a fifth game that I've...
Mario Kart?
Not yet.
Mario Kart, I've really wanted to, but that was right after I lost my job, so I didn't.
That's alright, don't worry about it.
I was gonna say, are you excited about the Kid Icarus game?
Let's say economy wasn't a factor.
I've never played the original Kid Icarus meaningfully.
Well, okay, here's the thing though.
When did the original Kid Icarus come out, 1984?
So it's been about 20-something years since that game came out, a damn near 30.
So you know, they're having to market this new Kid Icarus game at people who have never
played Kid Icarus, it's okay.
So does it look interesting?
I've not been looking at the news.
It's kind of funny because I haven't been nearly as connected in the last couple of
days as I have been, as I usually am when not traveling, and I've seen that everybody's
been posting links to trailers and all of the hype and whatnot surrounding it, but I
actually haven't watched the trailers.
It'll come out, I'll watch the media, right now gaming in general in the midst of all
this is kind of off my radar.
I guess there are three things that I can say I've been playing.
On the road to 200.6% in Castlevania Symphony of the Night, whenever I get completely frustrated
with grinding out those stupid little blocks that are underwater, above water in the upside
down castle, whenever I get frustrated with that, I go to Serious Sam 2 and then get frustrated
with that in about 10 minutes, if that, because all of my saves exist in the rooms where you
have to survive for as long as possible.
I got sucked into stupid YouTube today watching one of those Castlevania Symphony of the Night
long playthroughs because her classic game of the week had a long playthrough video and
you know how like when you go to, and I was looking at it on YouTube, and you know how
like when you do that, it's going to show you related videos on the side.
Well, I saw Castlevania Symphony of the Night and I was like, Ooh, I want to watch some
of that.
And I watching, watching, watching 30 minutes later.
Shit.
I need to go to the grocery store.
That's how Dan puts himself to sleep is watching long playthroughs.
There's a ton of long playthrough videos out there.
My God.
And that's exactly why he has a new one for every night.
Yeah.
And there's like a huge community out there.
He and I will just watch those instead of movies.
I'm serious.
No, that's, that's awesome.
I want to see the long playthroughs for Ridge Racer, Vita.
I'm sure after that 30 seconds, I'll be ready for some more.
Tiger Claw corrects me.
It was 1986.
All right.
My, my bad.
It's 26 years then.
It's been 86.
All right.
Uh, well, if that's all you want to share about your gaming week, then I will talk about
mine.
Although I got to admit mine isn't, I don't have a variety of games like I usually do.
I've been playing two games this week.
Two.
Bass Effect and Journey.
You're pretty close.
I, I even put Journey aside.
I meant to play it more, but I can't stop playing Journey.
I play WoW of course, cause I have a rating group.
So I have to kind of play that at a set time every week.
But when I'm not playing World of Warcraft, I'm playing Mass Effect.
Not Mass Effect 3, mind you, Mass Effect 1.
Hopefully you heard last week's show.
I'm five years late to the party and I said, I'm going to start from the very beginning.
And I just want to say, because I can do this, you know, on a podcast and you know, we don't
make any money off this show or whatever.
We don't answer to anybody but the listeners and ourselves, right?
I totally misjudged this game five years ago.
And it's something I'm sure we have all done.
You see a little bit, you, you hear a snippet of a song and, oh, that album sucks.
Or you go to a restaurant one time in the food, foods battle.
This place sucks.
I'm pretty sure in retrospect, when I saw somebody playing Mass Effect for the first
time and I even, I remember playing it a little bit myself and kind of going, this is, I think
it was when I was on one of those planets, driving that stupid car up over mountains
and running into the buildings, not on easy combat mode and getting shot the hell up by
the aliens, which is like the two parts of the game that I hear are fixed in two, especially
the car parts and all that.
And you know, now that I play Mass Effect 1 and I'm not afraid to play it on casual
mode, it doesn't bother me at all.
Like I actually really enjoy the combat and like flinging, flinging things around like
they're, you know.
I thought you were going to say flinging poo, flinging poo and so forth.
And I got to say, I am really sucked into the story too.
The story is so fucking good.
Like it's just like, it's like I'm watching an episode of Star Trek or Battlestar Galactica,
but I am choosing the outcome I want.
And like, I'm seeing so much about like, oh God, I've got to play this again because I've
got to see how it plays again when I'm a bitch, because you know, you can be the nice guy
or you can be the bitch, right?
So there's so much I want to explore.
I have, I have to admit, you know, who I think would love Mass Effect that it hasn't been
playing it, Jamie, I really think you need to give this game a chance.
I do.
I'll borrow it when you're done.
All right.
This, this, well, here's the, well, cause the whole, like, you know, I know you're not
big on controllers.
I would urge you to check out the PC one because I just think the depth of the story, cause
you like science fiction and all that stuff and I just think it's 1999, but I got it for
12 used at Dimple.
I'm thinking PC though.
Oh, PC?
Just wait for steam sales.
I'm sure.
Yeah.
It's 1999.
If anybody still has any steam coupons or anything.
Um, yeah, you never know.
But anyway.
Yeah.
But anyway, uh, I just got to say, I think you would be really into this cause I know
you like a good story and I just, just the whole fact that I think you would try to like
romance certain characters.
See what happens.
I don't know.
Just, you just, I could just see you like, I could see, like my minor Merrill obsession
for dragon age too.
Well, yeah, I could cause it was even even miles high.
I could see you talking to the guy and kind of romancing the guy, but then you'd be like,
I like this cool Darth Vader chick.
I want to romance her.
That would probably be me.
See?
So I, I, I have to say, I am surprised you're not, and Jamie, don't be afraid to set it
to casual.
You still get achievements and all that.
And then the combat isn't a big deal in the first person stuff.
I don't care as long as I don't hurt myself playing.
Yeah.
So, but anyway, uh, yeah, so I got to say that I, uh, I'm really enjoying it.
I've already bought mass effect two because I'm waiting for when I finished mass effect
one because I'm apparently not super, super, super far from the end.
I probably have about five more hours to go.
My character's level 33 or 34.
So yeah, that's, that's been my gaming week mass effect and lots of it.
Alan beat it on PC.
He just beat it today.
So I'm like dying to talk about it with him, but not until I beat it too.
So hopefully that'll come Monday or Tuesday.
We'll see.
How can you, how can you be in that close of proximity to someone and not have an ending
spoiled?
You know, what's funny cause he plays in the back room, the, the computer room.
Cause he's playing on PC and I play out here on the three 60 and so I kinda, I can see
what he's doing and I kind of look over his shoulder a little bit, but you know, I'm just
like, Oh, he's in a base or Oh, you know, he's, he's in the planet in the car or whatever.
And then, you know, he'll come out and he'll tell me, Oh, did you know if you do this,
you can do this and this and this, you know, you know, you know, in that cute way.
So all right.
So yeah, that was my gaming week, lots of mass effect.
Um, let's talk about housekeeping, visit our websites, www dot orange laundry.com of course
is our main website, which is graciously hosted by Jason.
And I should also say designed by Deke man.
He deserves a shout out to, he does great work.
Um, and in the upper right hand corner is the, uh, um, extended play box.
I almost said now playing extended play box flashback to PHP, new, right.
Hey, also what we were doing eight years ago.
And you can find the Facebook there.
You can find Google plus there.
You can find just the steam community.
If you are playing mass effect on PC and want to talk to others through steam, you can do
that.
And so a good times, all that stuff at orange launch radio.com.
All right, let's get into gaming news.
There's been been quite a bit of gaming news this week, so Loki's going to start us off
tonight.
Um, so, uh, good news.
If you're an achievement whore, they're going to raise the gamer score allotments for Xbox
live arcade titles.
Now, right now it's currently 200, but that's going to double to 400, uh, with a maximum
of 30 achievements possible instead of 20 also, uh, downloadable content.
Um, they're going to allow, I guess, um, more, uh, gamer score to be added with, um, a hundred
or I guess a hundred with up to eight achievements allowed per quarter, um, with maximum of four
packs allowed over time.
So they're going to allow you to add a lot more gamer score to all that stuff.
And this will take a place, I guess, uh, it's going to start, uh, with titles coming out
between April 1st and May 31st.
I'm kind of surprised.
This is, uh, this is such a problem that there's so many restrictions for Microsoft's.
They're not retail partners, but you know, they're still, they're still going through
the entire Microsoft process.
And it's not like, it's not like indie games can throw in achievements or anything.
Just wait until indie games are allowed to throw in achievements.
I think that will always be off limits.
I think Microsoft has tried to kind of protect the achievement system a little bit, but they
do and they don't like in some ways they do, but in some ways they've been really lazy
about it because you know, there's some games like wasn't like the avatar, avatar, last
airbender.
Yeah.
The last airbender, not the, um, uh, blue people movie, but the avatar last airbender
apparently had just easy achievements where it's like literally press X as fast as you
can get a thousand gamer score.
Like really, really.
So some of it seems to kind of slip by, but otherwise, you know, Microsoft's been very
much about like, they don't, you know, they've, they've bombed people's scores to zero when
they suspect that they're like cheating and all this stuff.
Like they're very protective of it.
It's real easy to cheat if you want to, but it's, I mean, they're going to notice.
So you just don't do that.
Hey, look, I achieved all of my achievements in about five minutes.
And if it's not by avatar, then, uh, well, I mean, you can just, you just mod your, your,
uh, you know, actual, um, your user account on your system, and then you can add games
that you don't have never played and just give yourself a thousand achievement points.
But I mean, they're going to notice that, Oh, your, your gamer score jumped by a hundred
thousand.
That's a little odd.
I will never forget.
Speaking of getting banned by, from Xbox live because of achievements and all this stuff,
I will never forget the time I was playing dance, dance revolution universe on Xbox 360
for the first time.
And I got the message from strip club DJ.
Does anybody remember that name on Xbox 360?
He was the guy that had like the most points ever.
And like, he sent me a message like, are the achievements in that game are hard to get?
Apparently I was, I had bought the game on release day and I was playing it so much that
I had more achievement points than anybody on that game at that point.
And you could see that on some of the community sites.
So he was sending me messages like how hard are the achievements?
So like, you know, asking me questions, I'll just never forget that because that struck
me as funny.
So anyhow.
Well, what do you think though about the arcade games going up to 400 points?
It's you know, in some ways it's achievements, whatever, but in other ways, you know, since
the, the downloadable games are getting more expensive, they are becoming more richer,
richer experiences.
Like it's not, it's not ports of time pilot anymore.
Yeah.
You know, we're getting games like limbo and we're getting HD remixes.
Not the time pilots, a bad game, but yeah, now we're getting, you know, other stuff and
a lot of the greatest games to come out are download braid, you know, there's the portal
was a standalone game, you know, for download and stuff.
There's so much good stuff that, you know, it kind of deserves to be bumped up a little
bit, I think.
So, all right.
So there you go.
Uh, the achievement points are going to be going up, uh, what might be going up or down?
I don't know.
Is Capcom stock depending on a street fighter cross Tekken and how this has been received
and on the three 60 not so well, as we mentioned last week on the show, a four player co-op
mode is not on the three 60 version, even though it's there in the instruction manual
and it's there in the PlayStation three version, just so you know, that's when you and a friend
go online or you and a friend or local, you go online and take on another pair of people.
And uh, it was addressed by Tomaki Ayano, the assistant producer of the game in a Capcom
unity blog statement throughout the, excuse me, throughout the development process.
There are times when new features are added and we added a lot of them.
And there are also times where we have to make tough decisions regarding things to cut.
This was one of those times this mode is supported in the PlayStation three version.
However, since we tackled that earlier and found the architecture of their system to
be more conducive to implementing it.
So at first we thought they were full of shit because you know, there's other games that
you can play co-op.
Like it wasn't the first excuse you can't go co-op and go online.
Yeah.
But now it seems like a matter of it's too, it was too hard and we had deadlines to meet
or Sony paid us a lot of money.
I don't know if it's that.
Well, I mean, you never know if stranger things have happened.
That may be true, but then you should create a second manual for the Xbox three 60 version.
Still is saying, that's just poor, you know, Hey, uh, this mode's available.
Oh, but it's not, it really seems like to me it was a deadline thing.
But it's still very poor taste, it's false advertising.
I understand that, you know, that you had to work on all that DLC that was going to
be on disc.
So, you know, that might've taken some extra time.
I would have traded kick for comp mode.
It's really stupid that that's even, you know, Oh, it was too hard.
I don't know how to program well enough.
It was so hard.
I mean, come on.
I mean, this is something that's in a lot of games saying, you know, I think halo call,
I don't know about Call of Duty.
I know Borderlands had, you know, you can do split screen and then go online and play
with other people and stuff like that.
Moral combat had it.
It's just, that's ridiculous.
Oh, well, we didn't know how to do it.
Well, I'm sure if you asked Microsoft, Hey, how do you do this?
They would have probably told you how to do it.
Speaking of Microsoft allowing and not allowing things, frankly, I thought that was pretty
much a required feature for any co-op game to be certified and released for the three
60.
Uh, no, I don't, I don't think it was.
Um, I mean, I've seen, obviously not cause that happened.
I've seen plenty of games where you don't have to have cause sometimes, you know, doing
split screen, um, not every, there's not enough screen space after you split it in half.
Um, well, what I want to know is, you know, since this is not on the show role, um, so
what's everybody think about the doubt, their whole DLC plan?
Oh, I thought I was supposed to do that here too.
That's all right.
Yeah.
The DLC plan, uh, what, 20 bucks for all 12 characters this fall, right?
Yeah.
20 bucks for all 12 characters this fall.
Um, and they're going to have costume packs as well, which I think was another $13.
I want to say it's 13 different packs for a dollar or something like that.
Well, the release about it really felt like it was trying to butter up the community.
Like they knew that there was this big backlash about it and it really read to me like, Hey
guys, it's not going to be as bad as y'all were thinking.
LOL at you thinking it was going to be five bucks each character.
We're not doing that guys.
Oh no, we're not complete assholes this time.
We're just pretty big assholes.
You know, it's just there, there's still a percentage of us that we're not completely
assholes about this stuff.
And you know, that's, that's great and all that, you know, they're saying that it's going
to be $20 for, you know, all the characters, except there's a problem.
It's not all of the characters because you do remember that even though they are PlayStation
exclusive, you know, uh, Pac-Man and bad box art or troll mega man is, um, still on the
disc for an Xbox 360.
So that means there's still going to be one more piece of download content that they're
going to have available to, uh, you know, get access to those characters.
In fact, here we go.
I'm going to pull this up right now so we can, what'd you say last week?
Like Cole is on the 360 disc, which is ironic.
No, Cole's not on the 360 disc, but the Pac-Man and, um, uh, both Pac-Man and bad box art
mega man are on the disc.
Uh, so yeah, anyways, here's what it's going to end up being, uh, April 3rd, they're going
to have alternate costumes go on sale.
Those are going to set you back a dollar each, or you can buy all of them for $13.
Um, then they're going to release some free colors.
Oh, thank you.
There were, there were some free things they were trying to look at all this shit.
You're going to get for free costumes and gem slots.
And then this is the pay stuff, you know, characters free stuff.
Yeah.
And then, uh, I guess in April, they're also going to do a free tournament support update,
and they're going to be adding some, uh, three new assist gem packs.
So they're, I guess they're going to be selling those, um, or something, I don't know, um,
which a total of, uh, 60 gems to selection pool, I guess, um, but yeah, those 12 characters
already on disc will not be unlocked until the fall.
Meanwhile, hackers are already been playing with them online.
So wait, can I go online at three 16 and suddenly I'm playing against somebody who is Blanca
or one of the locked characters.
Yeah.
They basically, what they do is they, they swap all the assets and art and stuff like
that and character data for the DLC characters and they move it to one of the regular characters
in the game.
They kind of flip flop stuff.
So, uh, but yeah, fantastic.
And job cap.
Oh, and, and, and on top of all that, you know, cause you're going to have to pay $20
for that or you know what you get by the Vita version, which is probably gonna be like 40
bucks.
So it's cheaper and has more content.
Let me read some comments from a hit stun in our chat room at chat.org.com.
He has a lot to say on this hit stun says street fighter cross tech and online kind
of sucks anyway.
I'm glad I didn't buy it.
The game is clearly unfinished.
Wait until fall.
It'll be better.
$20.
I fucking called it, um, making this an $80 game, but I'm thinking not by fall.
Wait until fall.
Yeah.
Because in the world, cause the price will drop inevitably to try and get the extra sales
for Christmas and enough updates and the Vita version is going to be out.
And I'm telling you guys it's on the disc because they're going to repackage it and
just throw in codes that will allow people to unlock the characters for the 60 bucks.
You're going to get it for free in the fall.
Here's the thing too.
Remember how they said they're not going to do like a special, um, you know, arcade edition,
gold edition, whatever.
Let's just assume that they've sold quite a few copies.
I mean, we're going to say that they're going to sell a million copies probably on, um,
on each system.
Uh, let's just say, cause that, I mean, that's a pretty safe bet considering now to that.
So the greatest hits additional come out.
They won't really say anything, but it'll include the DLC characters on disc or something
like that.
And they'll, they'll drop the price cause they've done that with like what Call of Duty
just had a rerelease for black ops and modern warfare two with the DLC or at least the first
DLC pack, um, included with it.
Now I don't think it's on disc, but it's still code with it.
And I mean, midnight club LA has done that.
I mean, there's plenty of other games that have done that.
I think mass effect, um, had DLC on the disc, uh, for, or included at least a voucher or
something like that when it was re-released, so I could see them doing this.
I'm probably just going to get the Vita version to be honest, if I get it, I don't know at
this point as a, do I need another fighting game that badly?
Yeah, maybe not.
So do you think they got it out in this state in order to allow people to prep for Evo?
Give enough people to get it set so that it can be played as a part of Evo and people
to get their strategies down and actually learn the game to participate in it?
No, I think they just released the game now, so it would make this financial quarter.
I think that's, at the end of the day, they wanted it in this fiscal year.
I think the fan community doesn't mean shit in this circumstance, it's just a convenient
perk.
I think you're right about the fiscal year thing, because really, what have they had
during this last fiscal year?
They had Dead Rising 2, um, you know, off the record in that kind of thing.
The Resident Evil 3DS game.
Yeah, but that's a 3DS game.
I mean, I don't think that's, that's like a, that's kind of niche, that's not a big
revenue for them.
Um, you know, they didn't have any Resident Evil games.
There was no Resident Evil games last year.
Was it Gold Edition last year?
No, I don't...
What system?
It was Resident Evil 5 Gold Edition.
I don't know if that was last year.
That may have been last March, but that was still a re-release.
Um, I guess they had Street Fighter, oh, Marvel, um, was it Marvel vs. Capcom 3, they had that.
But still, that, I don't think that did that, I mean, it did alright, but it wasn't like
big, big, big numbers.
I don't know.
Alright, well, we'll see, um, it'll be interesting when the sales numbers come out at the end
of the month.
I'm looking forward to seeing those.
Meanwhile, let's move on with some more gaming news.
Dark Soccer.
Well, this is hopefully something a little bit happier.
In fact, I want this more than I want a Vita.
I want it more than a 3DS, because I love everything Neo Geo.
And there's a new Neo Geo portable coming out, the Neo Geo X.
And it is going to come with 20 games already built into it.
And it's a 3.5 inch LCD screen with SD card expansion, AV output, and like I said, 20
games already included.
Which I probably own most of them.
Including Art of Fighting, Baseball Stars, Cyberlip, Fatal Fury, Fatal Fury Special,
Football Frenzy, Kingdom Monsters, The Last Resort, League Bowling, Magician Lord, awesome
Metal Slug, even more awesome, Mutation Nation, NAMM 1975, Samurai Shodowns, Sengoku Super
Sidekicks, King of Fighters 94, which was the best, Ultimate Eleven, Top Players, Golf,
and World Heroes.
But when is Windjammer is going to be available for it?
Really?
Oh man, I adore that game.
Baseball Stars is the saving grace in that list for me personally.
That was a, whenever I came across a multi-cap with that in it, I was pretty happy, but Windjammer
was so fun.
You know I have that game.
The cartridge.
I heard that.
It's fun.
So they don't have a price up on it yet, but it's going to be distributed by Tomo in North
America, and that's for the limited edition.
In Europe it will be released by Blaze.
It better be cheap, because I can tell you right now, that looks just like a reskin Dingu.
Because the Dingu...
The Dingu ate my baby!
Not that, not a Dingo, a Dingu.
A Dingu is basically, it was like an emulation device, and it had all the same features and
looked exactly the same as that.
And it played Neo Geo games, of course you have to have the ROMs form, but it played
Neo Geo games and it, I swear to God, the thing is just a Dingu.
It looks exactly the same.
And the Dingus, I think they're under $100.
So if that thing is over $100, eh, not worth it.
You can make the same argument for the FC Ultras, right?
The portable, what was it, SNES, NES, and I think maybe even Genesis in a more recent
version?
If you could put a Blackberry phone on it, would it be a Dinguberry?
No one wants to put a Blackberry phone on anything.
Cue sad trombone.
And to go back to what you were saying, you're curious about the sales for Street Fighter
Cross Tekken, the first week's sales, Street Fighter Cross Tekken in the US, $240,000 on
the PS3, and $117,000 on 360.
Oh, that's interesting that it's doing so much better on PlayStation 3, I guess the
word got out about the modes.
Well, considering that the PS3 seems to be the better version with more characters in
there, and it works, and it has all these features.
Interesting, okay, alright.
I also found out something really weird just now.
Those sound like good numbers though, yes Starfire.
That I hadn't realized.
Ragnarok Online is hitting their 10th anniversary.
Wow.
Old.
And it's still going.
Just saying.
And to celebrate the 10 year anniversary, they're banning everything.
It's older than well.
I apologize because I left the room for a quick minute, but are you going to get one
of these little Neo Geos?
I don't know.
I want one.
I don't know.
It sounds like a tiny screen.
Because I mean, seriously, all of the games on there, the ones that I would want to play
are ones that I likely already own either on Neo Geo CD, Neo Geo Pocket Color, or a
Neo Geo.
3.5 inches is the same size as an iPhone.
And iPhone isn't fun to play certain games on.
Certain games.
But this won't just be a touch screen.
Big difference.
Games that are designed for the iPhone are great on the iPhone.
Games that they try to port from frickin' Playstation to the iPhone are not so great.
It's okay with some of the arcade games, like X-Men played just fine, and Espa-ga-ba-ba-ba-bluda
too.
Robot Unicorn Attack plays really, really well on the iPhone.
See, that was made for the iPhone.
The Dingo doesn't...
No it wasn't.
It was made for Flash.
Oh yeah.
It almost looks like it could be an upgraded Dingo, because the Dingo doesn't have a 3.5
inch screen.
It's only 2.8 inches LCD, but I mean, it has the video out and everything, and it looks
goddamn the same, so...
It's a Super Dingo.
It could be a Super Dingo.
Alright.
More gaming news, Loki.
Alright, let's not talk about the Dingo anymore.
Quick before I make another bad joke.
God, we don't want to do that.
Baldur's Gate is coming back, and they're doing an enhanced edition.
It's going to be coming out this summer.
And of course Baldur's Gate was produced by Wizard of the Coast, or I should say Atari
is publishing it, but it's based off the D&D stuff.
And the enhanced edition is going to be kind of like an HD remake.
They're also talking that they may be doing Baldur's Gate 2 as well, which is kind of
neat.
But yeah, not much more I guess is kind of out about it right now, but it'll be pretty
cool.
Just to put it in perspective, these are some legendary PC games, and funny enough, I believe
the original was done by Bioware to kind of bring things full circle.
I don't think they own the rights anymore, I think that's why they're getting this now,
but yeah, I'm interested.
I remember vaguely playing the old ones briefly, but I never, I didn't play them start to finish,
so I'm definitely interested in this.
Take a second look.
What about you, Loki?
Is this something you might be interested in?
I never played the original, so meh.
Nah, not interested.
Alright.
Well, maybe this is something that will interest you, Loki.
I don't know if you're a fan of Diablo, but Diablo 3 finally, finally has a date, and
in case you've been living under a rock or something, and you don't ever check Twitter
because everybody was reporting it like it was news, May 15th 2012 is the date.
Let me tell you some other things maybe you may not have caught, you know, besides just
the date news.
It is an international launch, so the game is going to be available in many different
countries all at the exact same time.
You can digitally pre-order the game now, meaning I guess you download the whole darn
thing to your computer, you can pre-purchase it now, and you'll be ready to play when the
game goes live.
I'm just asking for someone to crack that.
Well, you know, Blizzard's done this before with some of their other games.
I think they leave a few crucial pieces of the puzzle out, because, you know, before
the game unlocks, you know, the launch day, you'll get a patch that's a couple megabytes.
So I think they conveniently leave some important things out, and don't forget, Diablo 3 is
going to require that constant online connection.
Very controversial.
So maybe that's part of how they're going to keep people out of it.
That all has to be cracked.
We'll see, we'll see.
Well, it was easy enough with the Ubisoft games.
Who knows?
Who knows?
Uh...
I don't think that's a very fair comparison.
Yeah, well...
Blizzard and Ubisoft.
They're not...
Well, see, here's the thing.
Blizzard's claiming, anyway, they're not doing it for DRM.
They're doing it for the...
They don't want people cloning the items and all that, like all the item distribution
is going through the servers and all that.
I'm just saying.
All right.
We'll see.
We'll see.
I know what they're saying.
Hackers gonna hack.
So we'll see if people get into this before May 15th, but it didn't happen with Starcraft
2.
I don't know.
Is that rule 35?
If it exists, it's hacked?
Yeah, well, you know the old saying, haters gonna hate.
It's just like, hackers gonna hack.
It's the same thing.
We always talk about this company says, this device is unhackable.
Hackers gonna hack.
Huh?
Master's gonna bait.
Yes, master's gonna bait.
Dingus gonna...
All right.
By the way, if you want to get your free copy of Diablo III for signing up for the World
of Warcraft Blood Pact.
Actually, they call it something else, annual pass or something, but basically you're signing
your life away to Blizzard saying, yes, Blizzard, I will pay you penance for a full year and
you will give me a flying horse.
You will give me a beta access to panda people, pandaria.
I want to sign up.
And you get your free copy of Diablo.
Well, Dark Soccer, if you want to sign up, you got to do it before May 1st, because that's
the day the deal is done and you will not be able to do that anymore.
Also, if you feel like it, you can get the collector's edition, $99.99 for Diablo III
collector's edition.
That would only be in stores though, just so you know, because it's kind of hard to
do a online collector's edition.
Yeah.
You can't download a specially crafted USB drive through your computer.
That would be a little difficult, but you could get fairy wings for your character,
which apparently is part of the deluxe pack-in collector's edition.
There you go.
All right.
Dark Soccer, what do you got for us next in gaming news?
Well, in other news, there is a very happy news for all of us Portal 2 fans.
They won the BAFTA for the British Academy.
My God, it's been a year and it's still winning awards.
Well, they beat out Skyrim.
Skyrim got nothing.
Wow.
Yeah.
So- For you, Portal 2, you go, Portal 2, and none
for Elder Scrolls V. Well, basically, the other, yeah, the big
rivals that it had was Skyrim, Uncharted 3, Call of Duty Modern Warfare 3, and Deus Ex.
And it won, I believe, three awards for design, for story, and it looks like game of the year.
So as far as others that won, Battlefield 3 won the public vote, so it had the game
award of 2011, and the BAFTA for online multiplayer and audio.
But that's like the people's choice award, and you know, who-
But it's still-
Who watches that?
It's still, it's pretty, well-
I'm kidding.
It is a big deal.
But Portal 2, you know, I just think it's funny that Skyrim got nothing, and Deus Ex
also got nothing, which was supposed to be a pretty good game.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
And, oh, it only took about five seconds, and there's your joke.
Sturlok says, Skyrim took an arrow to the knee.
No, no, no.
It deserves more.
The arrow to the dinghy in about a minute if you make that joke again.
It deserves more than them.
And Acidic Vampire, now this is a great joke, Acidic Vampire asks, was the award a potato?
A potato.
So here's what won.
Batman Arkham City won for action, artistic achievement was Rayman Origins, debut game
Insanely Twisted Shadow Planet-
Oh, I heard a scoff over there on Rayman Origins.
All I have to say, play that on a Vita.
My god.
It is gorgeous.
Is so-
Portal 2 and best game.
Design was Portal 2, family was LittleBigPlanet 2, game innovation LittleBigPlanet 2, mobile
and handheld was PEGL HD, go fig, online browser was Monstermind, online multiplayer Battlefield
3.
This is cool.
Music, LA Noire, and performer Mark Hamill as the Joker, which was his last time playing
the Joker.
Yes.
In Arkham City.
For sports and fitness, Connect Sports 2, for story, Portal 2, strategy, Total War Shogun
2, BAFTA wants to watch award TikTok Toys, and game award of 2011 was Battlefield 3.
At least PopCap took mobile and not something by Zynga, I don't know what the eligibility
is, but I'm fine with PEGL winning a mobile award.
Now, apparently with Valve going up to the podium so many times and making speeches,
they actually dedicated one of their speeches to Bethesda, the makers of Skyrim.
It's all there, black and white, clear as crystal, you get nothing, you lose, good day
sir.
Well that's very unsportsmanlike of them, that was a pretty rude speech.
I love Gene Wilder.
I know, we're not hating on them, before you send in the angry, Skyrim is a good game,
you should not make fun of it, I know Skyrim is a good game, it's a great game, it's a
phenomenal game, it's a buggy as fuck game, but it's good.
It's just, for me, Portal 2, oh my god it was like perfect, so I'm happy to hear it's
winning all these awards, even overseas.
Alrighty, let's travel around the world and check out some games that might win awards
next year, or maybe not, let's see what releases are coming out this week around the world.
We'll start with the US, Loki.
Absolutely, no I'm just kidding, there's actually stuff coming out this week, Ninja Gaiden 3
on Playstation 3 and Xbox 360, including there's even a fancy version that's not necessarily
made by Tecmo Koei, but it's from, was it, oh man I can't remember the publisher for
it.
Anyways, it just comes with this really cheesy move sword attachment that you can swing around
with because the target audience for Ninja Gaiden is going to be someone that's interested
in crap that attaches to your move controller, or even playing with the move controller in
that game.
Because we haven't had enough projectiles breaking TVs, now we have a mock sword to
do it with.
Exactly.
Recipe.
And then, of course, Resident Evil Operation Raccoon City on Playstation 3 and Xbox 360
this week as well, a game called Gogo's Crazy Bones.
I'm guessing based off of a toy, I'm not really sure.
Let's see, we also have Dirt 3 The Complete Edition, which is going to be re-released
with Dirt 3 on Playstation 3 and Xbox 360, Armored Core 5 on Playstation 3 and Xbox 360,
Silent Hill HD Collection on PS3 and 360, Pampered, or Paws and Claws, Pampered Pets
Resort for the 3DS, oooh!
Got it pre-ordered?
No, I don't have that one pre-ordered, but let's-
Please tell me more about what it, Pampered Pets, Polly picked a pack of pickled pepper
pampered pets-
It's Paws and Claws, Pampered Pets Resort, it's where you put sunglasses and bows on,
like, animals.
Wasn't that a really bad episode of Pokemon?
There is an audience for this.
I just want to point out, this goes back to an argument, it's convenient we have a guest
on the show who hasn't been here for about 8 years, because I'm about to do an argument
that's about 5 years old.
It astounds me that we can get Polly's peppered pickled pals and pampering game, but we can't
get President Cat.
The fuck is wrong with this country?
It's this country, and that's what the fuck wrong with it.
That's not all.
In case Paws and Claws, Pampered Pets Resort is not for you, let's ride Best of Breed 3D
for the 3DS.
That's right, it is a horse racing.
Does that come with a move attachment in your butt?
It is not.
Let's ride.
For the Kinect-
Instead of friending your butt, it'll ride your butt.
Kinect Rush, a Disney Pixar adventure on the Xbox 360, and then of course, let's see, rounding
things out, Total War Shogun 2, Fall of the Samurai for the PC, and Kid Icarus Uprising
for the 3DS.
That's it.
Let's travel to Japan and check out some of the releases coming out there.
On the 3DS, there's a brand new 3DS.
Okay, it's not a reskin or anything like that, it's just a new color, but Cobalt Blue will
be available from March the 22nd in Japan, so if you want Cobalt Blue, there you go.
In Hikari Shinwa, Palutena no Kagami comes out on March 22nd in Japan.
Anyone know what that is?
Huh?
Huh?
That's-
That's Kid Icarus.
That is, that's their version of Kid Icarus.
So there you go.
Apparently, there's also some 3DSs coming out in pink and white.
I think those colors already exist, but now they will have Mario 3D Land as a pack-in
game.
So those will be out very soon on the 24th in Japan as well.
Let's go over to the Vita and see what the Vita's getting this week.
Little Busters, converted edition.
Is that like Little Deviants?
No.
That's definitely not Little Deviants.
These girls look like Deviants of a different sort.
But Little Busters is, you know, another one of those anime-
Dating sim!
Yeah, probably.
And let's see, what else is coming out?
Checking quickly on the PlayStation 3 and the Xbox 360.
PlayStation 3, quite a bit.
Devil May Cry HD Collection.
Fallout New Vegas, the ultimate edition, Ninja Gaiden 3, regular and collector's edition.
A-to-Teki Yugi Mugen Souls comes out this week from Compile.
Wait a minute.
Compile!
Compile's back?
Compile never went away.
Who made Guardian Legend?
Compile?
I thought they were not around anymore, because that was the reason we weren't getting a new
Guardian Legend game.
You can get- Compile made other games.
I thought they broke up years ago.
Hold on, let me do some research.
I need to know if Compile is back and making this game, which actually looks kind of cute,
because it's like anime babes, but there's definitely like these action-y sequences,
and then there's this whole little like, uh-oh, you might see my naughty bits if they weren't
covered in secret tape.
They were famed for developing shooters and puzzle games such as Alest and Puyo Puyo.
Following the bankruptcy of Compile in two- okay, that was 2002, site was up until 2007,
where it redirected to Compile Station, owned by D4 Enterprise, Inc., and, uh, company spun
off Milestone that had arcade shoot-em-ups, and Compile Heart hopes to revive the Compile
brand name with the assistance of former Compile employees like Puyo Puyo creator Mu Nhatani.
Okay, so apparently Compile has been- And they made the Spriggan game.
Compile- I've heard of Compile Heart, so Compile has been to the moon and back, so, um, okay,
now- So bankruptcy wasn't necessarily the end of
the company.
Well, can I just, just for a moment, moment say, I'd like to please compile, if you're
listening, consider, you know, it's been what, 26 years and we're getting a new Kid Icarus
game?
I think the time has come for us to get a new Guardian Legend.
We need a new Gartic.
Gartic?
They need to- Gartic 3.
You know what they need to do?
What?
They need to release Gartic and Gartic 2, because we didn't get Gartic over here.
Right, no we didn't.
We got the second one as the Guardian Legend.
That's the MSX game, right?
So they need to do, like, the Gartic special edition, and then give us Gartic 3.
Oh, amen to that.
I will drop the President- I need to bust out that MSX emulator.
I will drop the President Cat thing right now for that.
I would give, um, a square inch of my flesh, probably from my left arm, in exchange for
Gartic 3.
I'm telling you, the Guardian, I know we talk about it a lot on this show, for those of
you that haven't heard a lot of OLR in the past, the Guardian Legend is, like, the greatest
8-bit game you probably missed.
But here's, like, the other big games that they did.
They did Xanac.
Oh yeah.
Alest, which, um, I have Robo-Alest.
Gunhead, Spriggan, and there's also the big Spriggan anime too, remember?
But they did that for PC Engine, and then there was, like, um, they did a few Dungeon
Crawlers, like I said, Pio Pio, and, uh, Golvalius, do you remember that?
They also did two pinball games for the TurboGrafx-16, can you guess what they were?
No what?
Wait, Tur- Alien Crush, and Devil's Crush.
Oh shit, those are some big games.
Blazing Lasers, uh, Choplifter, Ghostbusters, um, we said Gartic, uh, Lode Runner.
And this is all Wikipedia, so you know it's true.
Well, you can, they did M.U.S.H.A., uh, Power Strike, uh, R-Type, the Sega 3 R-Type, the
Mark 3, sorry.
This could be a compile lovefest all night long, but, what?
And, Shadowrun.
Oh wow.
Compile's great.
Anyway, so compile, now that you're back together, um, we have a new project you can
get on.
Gartic.
Gartic.
Alright, uh, 360, also gets the Devil May Cry HD collection, again this is Japan, don't
forget, the Kinect Rush, Disney Pixar Adventure, Ninja Gaiden 3, Collectors, and Regulars Edition.
There you go, let's go to the UK.
Uh, send me a ticket, I wish.
Okay, as far as stuff that's out in the UK, on the 21st is Rayman 3 HD, on the 22nd we
have Angry Birds Space for iPhone, Wing Commander Saga The Darkest Dawn, and yesterday, all
of the, um, the last two being on PC.
On the 23rd, Armored Core 5, Kid Icarus Uprising, Ninja Gaiden 3, Poke Park 2, Wonders Beyond,
Resident Evil Operation Raccoon City, and Total War Shogun 2, Fall of the Samurai.
Bleh.
Oh, that's it.
Alright, just a few more news stories for you guys, and then the classic game of the
week, but first, some stories on new things.
Alright, um, let's talk a little bit about Kickstarter.
I know, you're probably sick and tired of hearing about Kickstarter, but, you know,
Double Fine's Kickstarter just finished, um, with 3.3 million dollars.
That's a lot of money for Kickstarter.
And for them.
Um, but yes, uh, way more than they were hoping to get with the, you know, 400,000 being the
goal.
Um, and of course, you know, they're gonna be, uh, doing a lot of extra content because
of that.
Um, and of course, you know, Schaeffer, or Tim Schaeffer was quoted saying, I don't wanna
say this is the end of the whole game industry as we know it.
It's not, it's not, um, but, you know, it's nice that they don't necessarily need publishers
to make games like this, cause honestly, who would greenlight a public, you know, an adventure
game, an old school adventure game, um, nowadays.
It's something that they don't think would sell.
But I think also maybe success of these types of games might convince publishers that these
types of games still do alright.
Just kidding.
Um, and if you're looking, if you maybe missed out on the whole funding of the Double Fine
adventure and you're still wondering, hey, where can I throw my money for an extended
pre-order on something, uh, Wasteland 2 has a Kickstarter, um, going for it now.
Now Wasteland is kind of, I would say like the inspiration for the Fallout games, um,
they were hoping to raise, um, $900,000, uh, for, you know, their game and of course already
have hit that goal and then beyond that and they still have over, um, you know, almost
a month left to go and, uh, now of course, um, they're looking to, um, you know, see
if they've got, you know, they can reach $1.5 million and they're going to add more, um,
content to the game and that kind of stuff.
Also porting it to other, um, platforms like OSX and that kind of stuff.
So, um, you can check out Kickstarter for that and some other projects.
Hopefully though not contributing to the very vague, poorly misspelled, um, MMO project
from some strange millionaire who seriously looks like a cross between Jabba the Hutt
and Repus, so, uh, maybe avoid that one.
All right, Kickstarter, Kickstarter, Kickstarter, um, is this a trend we like seeing in gaming?
Um, I mean, it's, it's, I don't see why we, why we wouldn't like it.
I don't really see what the downside is other than, you mean, it's one of those things like
if you don't want to support it, then you don't support it.
It's no one's forcing you to do, you know, put down money for it.
However, I see a couple, you know, things that are kind of wrong with it.
I mean, cause one basically Kickstarter, a lot of it, people are contributing, not necessarily
because they support a project because they want the goodies that they get from, you know,
donating.
They have different levels of money that you put down and you get different rewards based
on that.
And that's what people want to do with it.
Um, you know, I know I've only contributed to one thing so far, which is, you know, a
video project done by Freddie Wong because I love all of his videos.
But you know, I get, you know, with that a, you know, Blu-ray copy of the movie, a signed
poster by the, you know, the cast and that kind of stuff.
So there are little things that are kind of neat from it, but at the same time I just
support, you know, the guy and his work and stuff.
But some of these, you know, games, a lot of the, um, things from the Kickstarter are
like, okay, you get a copy of the game.
So it's like a guaranteed sale right there, um, or guaranteed pre-sale if you will.
But some of them are like, you know, ridiculous amounts people are contributing, like $10,000
or, um, you know, a couple hundred dollars.
There's one I saw for a, uh, it's a third edition for some, like a book called High
Score, which is talking about classic games and stuff like that.
I have that book.
And they're trying to put out a third edition of it.
And for the $250 level, you can have dinner with a bunch of these like classic game people,
everyone from Peter Molyneaux to, uh, uh, what's his name, the guy behind the Sims series.
Will Wright.
Will Wright.
Yes.
You can have dinner with him.
Um, just a bunch of really, you know, classic developers.
Shit, I'd do that just for the experience maybe.
I don't know.
I'm a little eh on Kickstarter.
Like the only things that bugged me about it is a people need to realize Kickstarter
gets 5%, which I, I re they got out of money to they, what, Hey, America's about the capitalism.
They came up with a great idea and they're taking their share.
You can't fault him for that.
But like that, you know, I personally would not like to use Kickstarter for that reason.
But the other thing that, that really bugs me is that some of the projects, and I'm not
going to name names, but one in particular that I saw in there felt really ex exploitative
to me.
Like it was just exploiting for money for things that I would argue you don't need that
kind of money for.
And this type of record was being broken like 10 times over, which props to them for having
that kind of audience that would just give and give and give and give that kind of money.
That's that's wonderful.
Um, but I just think the money would be better spent on charity, but that's me.
I just think you have to be very careful about what you're donating to and think really hard
about it.
Think really hard about it.
But Rob, I would just always thought, you know, how much better would this show be if
we had a swanky office?
Not don't go there.
Don't don't start stuff.
I mean, I could just throw one of those up and say, who wants to support me?
And but that's, but you see, here's the thing.
As much as you could do that, that's when Kickstarter starts to get a little ridiculous.
You know what I mean?
It's easy.
That's the point.
It's the, uh, it's the online equivalent of standing out on the street corner with a tin
can begging for change.
I mean, I don't think any of us want to see it turn into that.
So yeah, I mean, here's what I would think.
And granted, I think it would be kind of cool to do a Kickstarter just for funding like
merchandise.
Cause a lot of times, like, you know, if you're merchandising for like even say like our show
or something like that, it costs money to make t-shirts and stuff and whether, you know,
that way it's almost like a pre-sale for merchandise.
You know, I mean, that would be the only intent for it, but, um, I don't know, that'd be the
only thing I could see.
You know, if you want to donate the proceeds, you could do that, but, um, I mean, that's
the only, cause I mean, you're basically using, that's what people use it for anyways, is
merchandise for a lot of it.
Um, and some of which I really wish I'd gotten in on, you know, like Cards Against Humanity.
Fuck, I love that game, but I really wish I had gotten in on that Kickstarter so I can
get full set of the cards.
Have you seen Ryan's custom pack?
Have you seen the pack that we play with at home?
Uh, the custom pack?
No.
It's, we, you, you know, the fact that they release the PDF of all of the cards in the
set.
We, um, and the whole reason why they do that is because if you missed what amounts to limited
scale printing and you are particularly savvy, Ryan printed up a pack of her own and we have
a bunch of custom ones that we made for our own purposes, a couple of custom blacks, and
then everybody that we know, like everybody that we could really throw in a good joke
about has their name on a card as well.
And she's happy to, you know, pay materials and then we'll get a deck out to you.
Well, no, we, I've printed my own and we've been playing with it, but it's weird though
cause they're like little crackers.
Yeah, she didn't, the PDF is in a really nasty square.
We made them general, like, uh, like actually apples to apple side cards because she knows
how to put it together to be able to do that kind of thing.
I would have done that, but you know, at the time I was under time, I had to print them
out and cut them up during watching a Rift Tracks version of Twilight.
So I had limited amount of time, I couldn't, you know, go tweak in the PDF and stuff, but
hey, who cares?
It's, you know, they're, they're fun to play with.
But yeah, that's what I'm saying.
There's a lot of that stuff on there that's really cool.
Um, you know, they have like a really elaborate Catan board one time, it was all laser etched
wood and stuff, but it was like $300 for a full fucking set.
But yeah, there's a lot of game projects on there that are worth, you know, supporting
if that's your thing, but also, like I said, crazy guy that looks like Jabba the Hutt and
a rapist.
Um, you know, there's a bunch of people on there that maybe I shouldn't support him.
I mean, the guy had...
You also said that on Bobby's show, so...
I just want to nail it home.
He looks like Jabba the Hutt crossed with a rapist.
The OLR podcasters, podcastees have no idea what you're talking about if they didn't listen
to Bobby's show this week.
I think I mentioned it earlier.
There's a guy who won the lottery.
He won $43 million, and he wants to create an MMO created by gamers for gamers, blah
blah blah.
But the thing is, creating an MMO is really fucking hard.
This guy thinks that he can do it because he's played games for like 30 years, and,
you know, I hate to use a cliche of like, oh, he looks like a gamer, no, but I mean,
seriously, the guy looks like he just crawled out of his mom's basement.
I mean, just...
So kind.
But seriously, though, the thing about it, though, is if you look at it, there's no real
details to this.
He just keeps throwing out stuff.
Well, you will get a special mount at level one, and blah blah blah.
It's like, dude, you're talking about garbage.
I had a guy I used to deal with that had big ideas like this, and it was just like, dude,
you don't have the smarts or the means to do any of this stuff, so I think that people
are just pissing away money.
I know a lot of people are donating a dollar so that they can make fun of him on his actual
page and stuff, so I don't know.
Let me read some of the comments from chat room.
There's a lot of talk on this topic at chat.orangelandradio.com.
Tiger Claw says, C, Loki even agrees.
OLR needs a Kickstarter.
Think about it.
Better equipment, better mics, and maybe a tricaster?
Raginator says, do a Kickstarter project so we can experience OLR and 7.1 surround sound.
As nice as that is to think about, I'm going to be honest, I would feel guilty taking your
money if I couldn't guarantee that 100% of it went into improving the show directly for
you guys somehow.
And I don't know.
We'll think of ideas, I guess.
I'm sorry.
One idea I didn't think about before is the idea about funding the t-shirts or something
in advance would be a good idea, I have to admit.
So let me put it this way.
This is the one I was talking about.
It's called Your World.
It's a video game project by Elwood Bartlett, and he's got $20,000.
People are funding this already.
Of course, he's never going to hit the goal of $1.1 million, but it's fun.
People are going to throw it in, but here's some of his...
It's horribly misspelled, too.
Like here, pledge $100 or more.
Reward number one, two, and three, access to special VDOR selling items for those who
donated via Kickstarter.
Special authenticator to protect your account.
VDOR, spell check your goddamn shit.
I mean, seriously.
All right.
Other comments from chat.
Bochi Kawa says, Kickstarter really is just a way to funnel donations.
OLR would need one because of the listeners.
We are the ones that would support OLR, and we would be the ones to donate, but there's
a lot of Kickstarter projects that nobody has the slightest clue about, and someone
a couple thousand miles away would appreciate some money going to a thing they like.
Which Akdeft also kind of follows up with, we have already helped OLR before without
Kickstarter.
And that is very true.
You have to remember, remember my DIVA fit a few years ago when the computer broke?
The Orange Mountains Radio listeners sent a fucking new computer to us, and that is
like the best, one of the best thing, if not the best thing that has ever happened from
doing this show.
I mean, that just, I can't tell you how that felt to just be like, oh my God, they sent
a computer so we could continue to do the show.
It was just an amazing feeling.
Yeah.
So anyhow.
Really, all, all that we would have to do if anyone wanted to donate anything is just
set up a PayPal.
Yeah, I guess that's true.
Easy.
All right.
Last, last word on Kickstarter, anything?
I mean, I won't post a picture of the guy, I'm just saying, you know.
All right.
Uh, Jet Set Radio HD.
It didn't need anything to fund this.
Sega just finally decided to bring it out.
What a good idea.
So Jet Set Radio, everybody's been asking, what about the soundtrack?
Are we going to get to keep Rob Zombie?
Are we going to get to keep Chibomato?
The answer is no, but there's, okay, hold on.
It's not that bad because there will be about half of the tracks from the North American
version will stay in the game.
Same with the European version.
They did try to re-license the music, but of course, cost availability, some of these
labels that the music was originally on aren't even around anymore.
So it just couldn't happen.
Now all the Hideki Naganuma songs that were in the original, those stay, because those
were created for Sega, so of course those are staying.
There are a few licensed tracks that will return.
The Guitar Vader songs have been re-licensed, Electric Toothbrush, Reps, BB Rites, those
songs are coming back, and a few more.
So there will be some songs that are going to return in the Jet Set Radio HD, but Rob
Zombie, Chibomato, those songs will not be coming back.
But I still think that's pretty cool.
They got to salvage some of it, and at least it will retain that same feel.
Also don't forget, higher resolution, widescreen to play, 60 frames a second, and two analogs
sticks.
Jet Set Radio HD.
I know I'm excited.
How about you, Dark Sock?
Are you going to get this?
We might, but I'm also thinking about starting a Kickstarter for when I have a kid to see
who contributes the most money and wants to pay for the baby's name.
Oh my gosh, I don't, you can't sell that on Kickstarter.
Yes I can.
Oh no.
I can put it on eBay.
No.
Alright.
No.
Let's take a time back to when games were a lot simpler.
There was no Kickstarter.
Just blowing on the cartridge a lot.
This game sure involves blowing and sucking.
It's the classic game of the week, Dark Sakura.
It also involves farting stars.
And that is Kirby's Adventure, also known as, let's see, Hoshi no Kirby Yume no Izumi
no Monogatari, which was Kirby of the Stars, the story of the Fountain of Dreams.
Wait, if you listen really carefully, you can hear act-deaf squeaking all the way from
Mexico.
Because he loves Kirby, I know that.
I love the music, though.
This game just makes me happy.
It's a pink little puffball.
I'm so pissed off at Nintendo of America for what they do to poor Kirby.
They make him look angry in every, you get the Japanese version, Kirby's happy, hi, I'm
happy Kirby.
Anything in America comes out that's got Kirby's face on it.
Mean Kirby.
It's angsty.
It's hipster.
He was happy before he was angry.
What does he have to be angry about?
He's so cute.
So Kirby's Adventure was the second and last game that used Kirby's original design.
The first one was Kirby's Dreamland.
And also the first one that made him pink.
Because the first one he was black and white.
So yeah, this was a platformer.
It came out March 26, 1993 in Japan and came out in America on May 1, 1993 and in Europe
on December 1, 1993.
This came out when I was a junior in high school.
Actually no, I was a senior, nevermind.
Anyway, so it was super, super cute and it was actually out on, what?
Comments from chat.
Just move on.
It's not appropriate for me to repeat.
What?
No.
It's not appropriate for me to repeat.
Bitch.
Okay.
Addressed to the chatroom, not you.
So it came out on the virtual console on February 12, 2007 and in Europe on February 16, 2007
and in Japan on February 27, 2007, so we actually got it ahead of Japan.
And of course it was one of the 12 inch masterpieces that was given in Super Smash Brothers Brawl.
There's also a 3D classics version on the eShop.
So basically the story, Kirby wakes up from his after lunch nap and he didn't have any
dreams.
What?
God it's awesome to be Kirby.
I'm just thinking.
He gets to take a CS to after lunch, it's great.
And he learned that King Dedede has stolen the star rod.
Fucker.
Which is the source of power to the fountain of dreams and he broke it into pieces.
So you have to go get it and you have to go to Wispy Woods.
And remember I had Kirby's Avalanche.
So when you...
Wispy Woods.
I know.
Paint Roller, Mr. Shine, Mr. Bright, Cracow, Heavy Mole and Meta Knight.
And one for himself, King Dedede had.
So basically you have to go through seven worlds, battle enemies, mini bosses, bosses
and you have to get the star rod put back together.
Now here's where it gets fun.
As we all know.
What?
Nothing.
Just this game makes me laugh.
It's cute.
It's adorable.
You're sitting over there saying names like King Dedede, he took the star rod and he broke
it up.
It's like I'm listening to a four year old describe something.
It's great.
No, I'm not.
Should I do my 12 year old girl voice?
Oh my God.
Yes please.
So anyway, the game's a platformer.
Shut up.
So you've got regular levels, a boss fight and a warp star door.
You guys, King Dedede took the star rod and broke it.
Oh noes.
You sound extra gay.
Just letting you know.
Not like a 12 year old girl.
Sorry, that was my impression of the Kony guy in the videos that are on TMZ.
Ugh, I'm so sick of that.
Anyway he can run and jump and he can attack and dodge enemies by side tackling and he
can fly by inflating himself, meaning he holds his breath until he floats into the air and
then he can basically get as high as he can.
He gets high y'all.
You gotta be high to enjoy this game.
Shut up.
This game's awesome.
Oh it is.
It is.
I'm on TV.
You need an STFU right now.
Let me finish.
But when he's flying he can't use his other abilities.
He can exhale and this puff of air after he exhales, apparently he has death breath.
Cause when he goes...
Enemies die.
And anyway, his big ability is that he can inhale.
So he sucks enemies and objects into his mouth and then it stays into his mouth until he
spits them out.
I quit.
I quit.
Bye.
No.
Let me finish.
God you people are dirty.
It's a game for six...
Look.
UFO catcher Kirby.
He's fucking fat.
He's a fat bitch.
Anyway.
But fluffy.
So anyway, he can spit them right back out and do damage or he can swallow them.
He swallows or spits.
There, I said it.
Are you happy?
Yes.
Rob is red in the face.
He is as red as my shirt, y'all.
But he can swallow them too and he copies their abilities.
Like he can spit fire if he swallows something that spits fire.
So he swallows them and absorbs their DNA a little bit?
He can also use his drop ability, but he can't inhale anything while he has a special ability.
So when he uses up the special ability, he farts a star or he poops a star.
So I like the flying bouncy star.
The special power-up.
It's just, it's so cute.
So actually I'm going to read a quote on here about the visuals.
This came from IGN.
By 1993, the programmers of the world have learned to unleash every last ounce of power
hidden inside the original Nintendo system.
Mario's Adventure was one of those late generation games and probably the best of them.
So basically this had, you know, pseudo 3D, different visual effects, it had rotation,
parallax scrolling, six megabit game, it was the largest, one of the largest games ever
came out on the NES.
And I do believe this was the last game that came out on the NES.
Next to last.
Next to last.
Wario Woods.
Wario Woods.
Yeah.
Wario Woods was in the box, by the way.
So yeah, there were different remakes.
Don't bring box into this or I'm only going to laugh harder.
Do not make me redownload the Vuvuzela app, okay?
So now this was re-released on the Game Boy Advance and it was called Kirby Nightmare
in Dreamland.
And the name that it came out as in Japan was Hoshino Kirby Yume no Izumi Deluxe, which
was Kirby of the Stars, the Fountain of Dreams deluxe block, there you go.
The Nightmare in Dreamland had cooperative two to four players, so you could play as
different colored kirpies.
It had really good reviews.
It was given a 9.5 out of 10 by EGM.
GameSpot gave it 7.3 out of 10.
So it's been- Fuck GameSpot!
I know, right?
Also, this is a little bit interesting, there's a French version of the game in Canada, which
makes this the only French-only NES released in North America.
Le Kirby.
Le Kirby.
The, um, also the soundtrack was released in Japan on July 21st, 1994, and had vocals
by Mako Miyata in the story.
This is the first game that I know of that actually has a pinball spinoff, and it was
actually my first Kirby game was Kirby's Pinball for the Game Boy.
Was that on Game Boy Basic?
Yes.
What about the Pokemon pinball game, was that on-
That wasn't before Color.
That was Game Boy Color, yes, yeah.
You know, the first pinball game that I ever played on a handheld was, or on a console,
and I'm con- including handhelds, was Gator's Revenge on the old Game Boy.
Yeah, I was gonna say, that was the first, that was my first pinball game too.
Uh, although I think I rented Pinball's Quest before, or Pinball Quest before that, but
anyway.
Pinbot was also great.
Well, one thing that was funny is that when we had a pinball party at the house, we had
a jackpot in the house.
No, we had Ride-A-Pinbot dancing up the nest with Pinbot right next to it.
Nice.
Yeah, it was pretty funny.
Um.
Okay.
We need a new, like, not to distract from Kirby and the cute music that's in the background,
but we could use, like, a great new pinball game from Nintendo, because they gave us some
awesome ones.
There was the Kirby one, even though it was PAL, but it's a second party.
Uh, there was the Metroid pinball game was great, the Pokemon pinball games were outstanding,
I love that game.
A rumble pack and a Game Boy cartridge.
Yeah, it was great.
So we need a new one.
You know what, I want that new, um, well, it's not new new anymore, but the Kirby game
that came out on, um, DS.
That's like, it's like ten Kirbys.
You can borrow it if you want.
I would love to borrow it.
It's the Kirby draw one, where you can and I have it.
Yeah, I really wanted to play that.
You can borrow it.
I ain't playing it.
Alright.
Thank you.
You're welcome.
See, something good came of all that laughter.
See?
Laughter brings healing.
Rob's no longer bright red.
Alright.
We'll have to calm down a little bit.
Alright.
Plenty more OLR to come.
We're not done yet.
We've got, uh, more news coming at you.
We're gonna talk about some really controversial things in the next half, so you wanna stick
with this and, uh, get your say in in our chat room if you're listening live.
Chat.
Excuse me.
Hm.
Dot Orange Lounge Radio.
Dot com.
Dot Orange Lounge Radio.
And.
With Jason in studio tonight.
And.
And.
The first ever OLR.
Pants off, dance off.
Oh.
Just kidding.
Oh, I was gonna say.
That's news to me.
Who knows what other surprises.
It was a surprise for 450, Rob.
Who knows what other surprises Dark Soccer has in store.
We'll be right back after this with more of Orange Lounge Radio.
Welcome back, everybody, to Orange Lounge Radio.
Live on this Saturday evening, March the 18th of 2012, with the 450th episode of our show.
And we're gonna get back into some gaming news here in just a little bit.
Hope you all had a good St. Patrick's Day, those of you that, you know, decided to do
something.
I don't know if it's just because, like, I'm getting old now or whatever, but I didn't
really do anything yesterday.
Did you guys do anything to kind of celebrate, like, you know, going out to the bars and
getting blitzed was awesome when I was 21, but now, like, last night I was like, I'm
too tired.
I got woken up by bagpipes for the first time in my life, as far as I'm aware.
Oh, that's right.
Because you were in San Francisco.
You were right by the Metreon.
Yes.
There was a huge parade taking place down Market Street.
I was just right on 4th with an earshot of the Metreon.
And there were a lot of air horns, screams, bagpipes, the occasional siren, and probably
some other sounds.
I was too tired to actually parse at the time.
The only instrument that sounds like cattle being beaten to death?
Hey, now, don't hate.
I like bagpipes.
But anyway, let's talk Metreon, because you reminded me you were right by there.
Remember when the Metreon used to be, like, nerd heaven?
Remember when the Metreon actually had something more than just a movie theater in five or
six?
Did you know that the Metreon had gone through some changes?
No.
It was very surprising coming out here, because I heard of all of these, like, classic video
gaming staples that I was in the immediate vicinity of that aren't there anymore.
Pier 39 doesn't have, Mel told me what the place was called, I completely forgot what
it was all of a sudden.
I forgot what it was called, I just remembered the DDR tournament we did live from there,
and that was a good time.
Yeah, the Pier 39.
B3.
B3 was the tournament, but I don't remember the name of the arcade.
Man.
Pier 39 had a nice place.
Metreon was, as best as I understand, like, the original DDR tournament location.
When there was a, whether it did or didn't have the first US DDR arcade, it was kind
of the staple of everything.
My first DDR tournament was at the Metreon, yeah.
Yeah.
So tell me about, in Metreon, you know, this isn't just about music games, but Metreon
was the home of the Sony store, the official Sony store, for a long, long time.
So tell me about not knowing any of this, and what you felt when you walked into the
Metreon for the first time in eight years.
For the first time ever, in my case.
Oh, oh, yes.
We didn't go there.
Oh, okay.
No, the Metreon, it's, it's, I kind of expected it as soon as I looked outside, walked up
the, walked down the street towards it and saw what was going on.
There's a huge chunk of the Metreon that's just closed off, because apparently they're
renovating like well over half of it.
So you go in on the ground floor, and there was just a food court and a couple of places
there, and it directed you to the, there were ticket booths for the IMAX there, and then
there were stairs escalators in the elevator to get up there to go see a movie.
And that's...
Oh, they didn't even have the crane games?
I saw Nightmare Before Christmas there twice.
There might have been something in the movie theater, I saw a couple of machines.
It's an IMAX.
Yeah.
Well, in the, on the third floor, that's where the tilt used to be, and then, then for the
longest time, there was just nothing but crane games in the, like, space next to it.
Interesting.
That's all.
If there was anything in there, it was probably those, here, get a, get a thing of candy,
a winner every time, something ridiculously basic.
A rumor is that Target is going into Metreon, which actually, well, that actually would
be a big deal, because in San Francisco proper, there's no Target.
The closest Target is in, um, Daly City, which is a little bit south.
Anyway, uh, go to our chat, I'm at chat.orangelandtrady.com.
We have Porkchop is in our chat room tonight.
Porkchop is Irish, as in Ireland, as in staying up until three in the morning to listen to
this show.
And Porkchop says, I'm Irish, and I did nothing.
It's a gigantic mess.
I, I can't say I blame you.
I did the same thing.
Uh, Technus in our chat room says, isn't Pier 39 a tourist trap now in San Francisco?
It always was.
It always was.
Or am I thinking of something totally different?
No, it's just, it, it hasn't changed.
It always has been a giant tourist trap, but I will say this, the fresh donuts, I hope
those are still there.
Yes.
It smells the donuts.
There was that little donut bag stand, which I was very tempted to do if I hadn't eaten
just before going there.
Fucking amazing.
I probably should have done it anyways.
They smelled so good each time I walked by.
Oh God.
Oh God.
In the cookie place.
I had friends from Connecticut that wanted me to send them donuts from Pier 39.
Oh, in the chocolate place.
It's like all kinds of chocolate and it has the boost chocolate.
Did you go to the saltwater taffy store?
No, I did not.
They have- I passed through a whole bunch of stuff and stepped inside and looked at
a couple of places, but no, I didn't get in there.
My two favorite places actually is Treasure Isle, the, uh, the big Celtic store and the
sock store.
All right.
Well, we could reminisce about San Francisco and memories and when the metronome was cool
and all that.
Although it is still a good place to see movies, so I'll give it that.
Um, I know you didn't end up doing that, but the, uh, the little nature and Martin Luther
King Memorial Outdoors was actually really nice walk.
Really cool park in the back.
The weather held up enough that walking around town was, was not, you know, miserable being
rained on, being blown over, anything like that.
And that was a, it's a, it's a really nice little property in the middle there.
Moscone, Yerba Buena, and all those.
Yeah.
Yeah.
All right.
Well, let's move on back to some games, uh, as much as we can talk about the outdoors.
Let's get back to some video games with some rapid fire news, some quick news stories that,
uh, don't fit in anywhere else.
All right.
Let's talk about Ridiculous Bundles.
Um, Steel Battalion, known for, you know, it's not exactly cheap prices, um, in the
past, but they have a brand new, um, I guess it's available in Japan right now, um, for
35,000 yen or 420 US dollars, uh, via Capcom's online shop.
You can get a Steel Battalion, um, bundle that includes a backpack, um, a helmet, a
jacket, patches, uh, soundtrack to the game, and, uh, I believe an art book.
That's right.
You can dress up like the character in the game with an actual helmet and looks like
bomber jackets, um, for $400.
It's a little ridiculous, but then again, they used to have a $200 controller.
I bought Dan the full controller when it was $300 for the old one.
I mean, that's something that was kinda necessary.
It has the huge red button.
I love the eject button.
That was pretty fun.
Now, could you play the game without that controller?
I don't know.
You're the wrong guy.
Actually, I think that you could.
If you could, it was a very stripped down experience, needless to say.
Yeah.
Also, they also made, um, made, uh, mods for the full unit to make it a more compact unit.
But did they make any mods to make the compact unit as it was a huge unit, like a battle
tech booth?
We're talking about units.
By the way, you know who has two of those controllers now?
You.
Yep.
Yeah.
Uh, Skyrim's gonna be getting another update pretty soon, a 1.5 patch that's gonna add
a bunch of kill cams for things that don't have kill cams right now, including ranged
attacks, also, um, melee, or, or magic spells.
And they're gonna be adding some new melee combat, um, moves and animations as well.
So it's, uh, kind of enhancing a bunch of stuff.
More ways to decapitate people.
Hooray!
Exactly!
It sounds awesome.
And also, they're gonna be, um, you know, adding some fixes, hopefully, once again,
to that stupid blood on the ice goddamn mission or quest that I'm on that doesn't fucking
work.
So they're gonna try to fix it again, and, and props to Bethesda's blog for allowing
me to put in my age, you know how, you know, you have the age gate or whatever.
Happy 130th birthday, Loki!
I know!
Let's just, like, the 1800s, it's, like, awesome.
Uh, but yeah, so they're gonna be fixing some other bug stuff, um, as well on top of the
added features.
But hey, all that's for free!
So suck it, Capcom!
Free shit, it's awesome.
Um, and then, last but not least, uh, God of War has a demake that's available on PC,
if you wanna check it out.
It is, uh, the Bit of War, and it looks like, almost like Rygar or something, um, but, uh,
yeah, 8-bit demake, and it's available on the website armlessoctopus.com.
But really, when you think about it, if an octopus doesn't have any arms, how can it
really be an octopus?
Just saying.
I can't even put together in my head what that would make it, uh...
I mean, I can think of other, eight other things it could possibly have, but that's
just, that's just inappropriate, okay?
Inappropriate.
Alright.
That never happens here.
Moving on?
Moving on.
Um, an 8-bit MMO is set to be released.
That's actually the name of it.
8-bit MMO.
Um, kinda interesting.
It, it's, I looked at the trailer, and it struck me as kinda Minecraft-y, in that it's
very, like, create your own environment, but it's an MMO where the users create everything.
It's all user-generated.
They have what's called a grief protection system that's supposed to protect your stuff
from getting fucked up, um, so, it's under construction, you can actually play it now,
it's free.
8bitmmo.net, and some people are having a lot of fun with that.
Um, a fan-made Wing Commander game is gonna be allowed to go forward.
This is actually kind of a surprise, usually, uh, companies kinda put the clamp down on
things like this, but EA is allowing the creators of Wing Commander Saga Darkest Dawn to move
forward.
However, EA does not officially or unofficially endorse the game.
They had to clarify that, uh, they did get the lawyers and everything to sign off of
them, so that's, um, kind of shocking, but.
So unfortunately that means you're not gonna get a Wing Commander remake any time soon.
Yeah, that doesn't bode well for official Wing Commander stuff, but hey, this fan thing
sounds like it's gonna be awesome.
It's free, first off, yay!
Uh, 50 missions, 2 campaigns, 60 voice actors, I wanna be a voice actor, uh, dozens of Terran
and Kilrathi spaceships, 70 cutscenes.
It takes place after Wing Commander 3.
Uh, I'm assuming it's gonna pretend that that movie never existed.
Cause if you're a true fan, you're just gonna ignore that movie.
Who has actually seen that movie in full here?
I've seen parts, and all I remember is Freddie Prinze Jr. and Matthew Lillard of Scream fame.
I, I'm very ashamed to admit this, but long going far away, no, no, I've never spent a
dime on it.
Um, long going far away, it was like the weekend Fox movie or whatever.
I was having an absolutely lazy day and I can honestly say I watched the thing from
start to finish and I really wish I couldn't.
I prefer to think of Matthew Lillard from Hacker's fame.
That upgrades his status.
Just like, uh, Johnny Lee Miller who would next be seen in Dark Shadows.
It's gonna be awesome, alright.
Anyhow, which by the way, internet, stop hating on the Dark Shadows trailer.
Stop it.
It's weird.
It's weird but it's suppo- okay, if you look at it as like-
Is it Tim Burton?
I mean, cause it's-
Oh yeah, it's Tim Burton.
Okay, yeah, that makes sense then.
The old show was a little bit cheesy and it's all 70s and stuff cause it's supposed to be
like the old show.
And in the context of the fact that right now everybody's all about Twilight and shit,
it's actually really funny.
Like I just- I don't know.
People need to let it go.
Alright, anyhow.
Uh, Rhythm Party, fun game on the Xbox 360.
If you're a Bamani fan, you probably haven't heard of this, which is strange to me because
it's right up a Bamani fan's alley.
It's a great Kinect game for Bamani.
I liked it way more than I thought I would, as I said previously on the show.
And there's some more DLC.
If you are sick of the song list being too tiny, you can get three new songs this week
in Rhythm Party song pack four.
The Sunbeam by Desrow is one song.
Inside Your Mind by Limahl.
Wasn't that the band that did the Neverending Story?
Yes it was.
That was the band that did the Neverending Story.
Now in Rhythm Party with Inside Your Mind.
I don't know if that's a new song or an old song or what because I only thought they ever
did one song.
But here's the third song.
If you've ever played Bamani games ever, you know this song.
Bag by Revenge is the third song that you can now play in Rhythm Party.
Yeah, Bag, what?
You hating on Bag over there?
It's just weird.
I think it's great.
I was actually trying to see if I had a clip of Bag.
Just for the people that don't know.
Where's my old music folder?
Speaking of being woken up by bagpipes.
Right?
It's kind of appropriate for the time of year, isn't it?
Perhaps that's exactly why they chose to release it this week.
Perhaps.
Perhaps.
What 2DX game was Bag in?
There it is.
Eight.
Or nine.
Wrong.
Ah, it's hard.
Here it is.
2DX.
I'm sorry.
Imagine flailing your arms and legs to this.
Now when did this come out, because this would be totally appropriate for like yesterday.
Tuesday.
It came out Tuesday.
Ah, well then perfect.
Totally appropriate for yesterday.
Yep.
So there you go.
Actually, you have to see this though quickly.
I know this is terrible radio, but let me show the YouTube here real quick.
Because somebody actually puts together the, it's not Konami, but some fan puts together
all the DLC stuff into these videos on YouTube.
And you have to see the animations for Bag.
They will blow your mind.
Hold on.
Here's.
Wait, that's inside your mind.
Here's Bag.
Like, look at all the little dancing sheep in the background.
And then as you're dancing, little bagpipes get attached to it.
I feel like an entire Beatles album just invaded my brain complete with LSD and George Harrison's
obsession with the sitar.
I had no look at this.
I have just been schooled on my eighties pop music by Zena Core in our chat room.
I seriously had no idea ever of this.
Zena Core says, Rob Limahl is the singer.
The band was nameless as far as anyone cares.
So it was a studio band or something that I had no idea, but well, if you want to know,
oh, I closed the window.
All right.
If you want to know the song, go YouTube it.
All right.
Uh, or download, download the pack already.
Dark Sakura, rapid fire news for us.
Uh, how about some stuff if I can get back to the window.
Okay.
Thank you.
Um, Sonic four is going away.
No more episodes after episode two and everyone cheers.
Yay.
Because it wasn't very good.
But maybe volume two will be better.
So next thing, rumor Shenmue one and two HD finished going to Xbox live arcade and PSN.
It's uh, an anonymous source reported it to gamerzines saying that it was going to be,
uh, it's been completed for over a year and it's pending release, but that doesn't say
it's true.
Rumor, which is a really good album rumors.
So how about some rock band, three tracks they're coming out.
How about it?
There will be, um, two tracks for men at work that will, uh, be in the rock band music store
overkill and down under and Carlos Santana's smooth.
Ooh, that should make some people need new pants.
And then, uh, not really that song got played out.
Well, yeah, but for people who like playing pro guitar mode.
Okay.
All right.
I'll give you that.
I'll give you that.
I can't imagine that would be kind of hot.
And um, so anyway, the tracks are going to be a buck 99 and there is of course, like
I said, pro upgrade available, um, for smooth for 99 cents or 80 Microsoft points, which
is funny because actually on the way up here, I was listening to the lonely Island and the
Santana DVX song came up and that song's funny.
All right.
We're going to transition back into some longer news here.
The mailbag is coming up in a minute.
A mailbag at orange on traded.com FUs of the week and your calls soon.
Uh, no frugal question this week.
Sorry.
I I'm going to be totally honest with an out of town guest.
I forgot to do it today, so, uh, we'll bring it back next week.
Sorry about that.
Loki.
All right.
Um, let's talk a little bit about mass effect and I mean, come on.
I mean, seriously, people that are fans of mass effect, this is a little ridiculous.
Um, apparently a mass effect three fan has complained about the ending of the game, but
didn't necessarily complain to Bioware or EA.
They complained to the federal trade commission and uh, yes, apparently a Bioware form user
named El Spico, uh, went to the FTC to file a false advertising complaint at EA and also
filed a complaint with the better business Bureau and you know, his, uh, you know, reasons
for it after reading through the list of promises about the ending of the game that they made
and their advertising campaign and PR interviews.
It was clear that the product we got did not live up to those claims.
This is not something, um, I was happy to do, but after the terrible ending that there
was no way, um, there was no way that the product had been advertised to me.
Um, and the lack of any kind of response from Bioware EA to address this, I felt this is
my only recourse.
And he'll be returning his copy before the end of the 30 days, uh, three a return policy.
If the ending has not been addressed by then, fucking really, I know people are stupid.
There was another, there was more recourse for him.
I didn't like any of the prequel movies for star Wars, but did I go up to, uh, George
Lucas when I was in the same room as him and demand my money back while I was eating meatloaf
prepared by his staff?
No, no, but they totally did that on clerks.
The animated series.
It was really fun.
That was great.
I want my $8 that show totally dates that show too.
It's only $8.
Uh, as far as video games though, having there been video games in the past that have had
shitty endings, like, um, I dunno, like ghouls and ghosts or, uh, you know, I was just watching
these Zelda two adventures of link long play through today.
That kind of had a shitty ending.
If you think about it, like the curtain falls before you can see Lincoln, Zelda kissing
or embracing or whatever it is they're doing bony boning.
So yeah, but look, okay, look, look, I'm not trying to compare like mass effect to Zelda,
the adventures of link, although both are great games and I don't know the ending of
mass effect three.
I am really trying to save myself because I am experiencing the games for the first
time, but I'm kind of thinking, okay, from what I've heard about it, the thing I've
heard or the way it's been explained to me without spoiling it is that mass effect is
very much about the story decisions you make on along the way.
And if you choose to go paragon or renegade or somewhere down the middle, and it really
seems like the ending kind of doesn't fucking care about how you played the game for the
past three games.
And so it sounds like kind of that disregard there really kind of irritated people so that
I can kind of see where it's irritating, but are people really letting the last 15 minutes
just totally like ruin the entire franchise for them?
Because like, even, even if the ending at this point is like, like just fucking goat's
a man comes out and chose me as asshole, like I'm still going to be like, the rest of the
game up until that point was so fucking rad.
I would still recommend this, you know, what happens is he ends up on a roof.
He calls tech support and they tell him to jump off the building in order to wake up.
What if that was the ending?
Then you'd be really pissed.
Hey, as long as it's got some cigarettes in there, I am all good.
But you know how many movies and how many TV shows or especially TV shows like, and
one I mentioned on Bobby show before it was the sopranos, right?
The sopranos was a hugely popular show on HBO.
Lots of people love this for seven seasons.
And then the ending was really bad.
Like I don't know if you guys know about the ending, but it was just fade to black.
It's just really bad ending.
It didn't ruin the series.
At least the ending isn't commander shepherd's son driving off with a tranny.
I'm sure a lot of people don't catch that reference.
That's from nip tuck.
That's the last episode is like, what actually the last season was kind of what yes, I watched
all of that series.
I don't know why.
So I mean, sometimes, and some people would say that battle star Galactica had a terrible
ending too.
I liked the ending of battle star Galactica.
I mean, there's only so many ways you get into show like that.
I thought it was a great ending, but you know, some people don't agree with that.
So the nice thing about mass effect is that they can release something for DLC later or,
you know, I know BioWare swears up and down.
It'll be the last game, but you guys like fucking really you're going to buy that right.
Halo three was going to be the last halo game.
Remember that, you know, there's ways they can do.
And I, you know, again, even if it ended with the entire universe imploding, like God came
down and smited everybody, whatever it is, that's so terrible.
Even if that happened, there's no reason they can't do prequels side stories.
You know, the characters before they joined up with shepherd or just in another part of
the galaxy or from the enemy's perspective, there's a million things they could do with
mass effect.
Still, even if they chose to go to another developer, granted, it probably won't be as
good if it's not a BioWare game, but you never know.
Once again, though, they can't give into this kind of bullshit.
This is the ending that you guys decided on.
Obviously there is much thought to the ending of a trilogy of a game series that's been
just this massive game.
Yeah, pun intended, I guess.
But you can't just give in because some people complain about the ending to something.
You can't please everybody.
And so what?
So you hated the ending of the game.
Well, that's that.
I mean, but if you give into this, then any game that you put out, both, you know, BioWare,
any publisher, you're gonna have people there like, I don't like the ending, I'm gonna complain
to the FTC, I'm gonna complain to the better business bureau because I need you guys to
change the ending to how I want it.
Well, no, I want the ending to be like this.
Fuck that.
You know what?
If you're so bent over the ending, just write some fan fiction or something.
That's what we used to do back in the day.
If we didn't like something, we fanfic'd it.
And we liked it.
Get off my lawn.
I seem to remember not liking any of the Stargate shit TV series endings.
You know what?
I loved Stargate all up until like midway through season 8.
That was right before the Ori, wasn't it?
Yeah, it was right after the replicants.
Yeah, yeah.
But did it ruin the first seven seasons?
Well, the first seven seasons did have some pretty crappy writing.
Alright, well, bad example.
But for the most part, for the most part, I looked back on them fondly.
I mean, I own seasons 1 through 8 box sets, so I can't say I didn't like it, but I found
myself wanting to change a number of things.
I think the reason why people are really mad to kind of get here is something I said earlier.
They could fix the ending through DLC, just like they did with Fallout.
And I think people feel like, ah, you had me by the balls here with a shitty ending
and you're going to make me pay 10 bucks to get the real ending, although you all know
you're going to YouTube it.
But half of all of this outcry everybody already has anyways.
And that part of it, I can sympathize a little bit with that.
That is kind of shitty to like force me to get more DLC.
They also, they change endings all the time and stuff.
I mean, look at, you know, for example, I Am Legend.
They're changing the end of that movie because they're going to make a sequel.
So let's just assume that they kill off Shepard or something like that at the end of Mass
Effect 3.
I have to say something.
I have to say something about I Am Legend.
They changed it from the original ending anyway.
Well, I can't believe that they changed Titanic, where now the boat's not going to sink, so
that way they can make a Titanic.
What?
I'm joking.
And it transforms into a 50-foot robot, 50-foot robot.
I don't, for the record, I don't care who the spoils were because the movie's been out
forever, but in I Am Legend, it turned out that all the vampire things, which I believe
was in the book, were all sentient and trying to rescue the one that he was keeping in captivity.
Yes.
They, they, they address that.
But they didn't end it that way.
Well, they did in the director's cut.
Well, okay.
The director's cut.
See, it would make sense to take that to go with.
Ooh, great point from Tiger Claw in the chat room.
Portal had its ending changed.
Portal 1.
It didn't have its ending changed.
It had its ending extended.
Enhanced.
Well, but it was an important scene.
It was just straight-up new content and console gamers, well, you heard the news.
What the, what am I thinking?
Yeah, that wasn't, that wasn't like, oh, GLaDOS didn't actually blow up.
For the record, actually.
I'm sorry to everybody.
I just spoiled that too.
For the record, the, it was actually texted into the, as the original ending, because
you can find a, a bit of programming code for party retrieval bot, and the little model
that they used for it was actually already in the game, because if you go into third
person mode, you can actually see whatever it is that's dragging her off.
And they had, all the, all the data was programmed in.
They just didn't use it.
So going back in with DLC, they were able to use the original ending that they had mined.
Just saying.
A lot of, a lot of stuff like that, this is why I, I don't ever look at any ending as
canon until they've said, that's it, you know.
Or until the studio goes out of business.
Or at least they have no choice.
That's why I have no more cube movies.
All right, well, anyhow, I don't know if there's an easy answer to this situation because my
thing would be all like, well, if you don't buy, if you don't like it, don't buy it, but
too late, you already bought it.
And I'd like to pitch, or I should say recommend a title based on your, your joke there, Titanic
2.
There is a game coming out very soon, actually, that is, oh, what the fuck is it called?
It's Titanic something.
It's basically the maiden voyage of the Titanic 2, and you're solving a mystery because there's
a bomb on the boat.
So it's like Titanic.
Is that like Speed 2?
It's like Speed 2 and Titanic 2.
It's Titanic Mystery, that's what it was.
Does Sandra Bullock be in it again?
All right, I think it's like Titanic Mystery is the name of the game.
We NDS.
All right, anyhow, I think we need to move on with more stories, but seriously, going
to the feds to complain about the ending, like, look at your life, look at your choices.
There's other things to be mad about.
There's some people that call the SWAT team on somebody if they're beating them in Call
of Duty, so I mean, they should be lucky it's just the feds, and they call in a nuke strike
or something.
Honestly, honestly, probably, you know the response that they're going to fucking get
from the feds is going to be, yeah, we're pretty upset about it too.
That's going to be the response that they get.
It's going to be chirp, chirp, chirp.
Yeah, we fucking hated the ending too.
All right, look, moving on.
Usually this game won't have a shitty ending, but I will say the TV series from what I understand
loves to do twists and turns and has been causing some fan controversy.
I have sadly not watched any.
I have not watched the show either, but I've heard a lot of good things about it.
I'm not big on the whole zombie stuff, but again, then again, apparently I misjudged
Mass Effect all these years ago, so someday I'm going to have to sit down and watch The
Walking Dead is a show that a lot of people are really into right now, and of course,
when something gets big, there's the inevitable game that comes out, and you may or may not
remember, Telltale is the ones doing the game.
Of course, Telltale does a lot of the adventure games, the Jurassic Park, you know, the Monkey
Island reboot and all that.
So The Walking Dead will be out in great Telltale fashion on every fucking platform you can
think of.
Xbox Live Arcade, PlayStation Network, PC, Mac, iOS.
First episodes coming out in April.
There will be five episodes in total.
They will each be regularly released after the first one comes out, so I don't know if
that's one a month, one every three months, whatever that's going to be.
Uh, there you go.
Telltale, the only company that understands episodic content and does it right.
Yeah, thanks Gabe Newell.
Oh yeah, right, because the Half-Life game.
Because he harped on, episodic content is the way of the future!
I see what you did there.
Although Steam is a great place to get these games.
Very true, that's where I have Back to the Future.
Walking Dead will also be available on Facebook!
Now it's not the Telltale game, don't get that confused, but here's the deal.
The social game developer RockYou is doing the Walking Dead social game, I'm sorry, published
by RockYou, developed at Eyes Wide Games.
You're going to set up and maintain base camps, you send out scouts to scavenge for supplies,
and there's also some combat naturally.
Now you know what would be cool?
I will say, this does, in theory, this would be a great game, like if I could have a little
zombie camp, and I could send zombies to destroy Dark Sakura's people.
That would be fun.
No, you couldn't do that, you know why?
I don't play Facebook games.
I'll click on it when you're not home, when you're not watching and logged in.
No way.
Fine, then who plays like every Facebook game that's out there?
Somebody I know.
People who aren't me.
Somebody I know on Facebook.
X-Link, X-Link will be playing it.
I'll kill X-Link's zombie camp.
Alright, Shane, Shane likes the Walking Dead, he'll be curious enough to try the game, and
I will destroy his people, it will be fun.
Alright.
Yes, Porkchop, there was a Dexter game that was mostly a point-and-click adventure, and
a kind of a 3D version of an old point-and-click adventure game.
Dexter the TV show?
Yeah.
Hmm.
It was, it was, it was okay.
It had a, it could have been longer, how about that?
You know what?
More than three or four cases.
Telltale did a CSI game.
That was another thing that they did, based on the show.
I hear, now I don't really, you know, I don't even watch the show, I just didn't have a
real big interest in the CSI game, but I hear it wasn't bad, so.
How old was it?
Wasn't that like, six?
Probably about five years ago.
I mean, the show's been on for what, nine years now?
I seem to remember that X-Play, or perhaps even Extended Play at the time, reviewed it
and said that it was not quite as polished as it should have been for such a, such an
investigative game.
I think I'm thinking about the same thing, I might be wrong.
Yes, but we can't always trust reviews, as we're gonna learn later in the show, that's
for sure.
Alright.
One thing we can trust is your emails, I think.
Every week you guys send us emails, mailbag at orangelaungerated.com, and DarkSakura dives
in or sends her zombie squad in, to pull out the emails.
Eugh, sticky.
And read them here on the show.
It's a little sticky!
Mailbag at orangelaungerated.com.
That's not email.
Ugh, well, it would help if it would actually let me read it.
Ugh, come on.
Well, we'll just listen to that.
There we go!
Now it's working.
Now it's working.
Well, no, it wasn't letting me get to the screen, so whatever.
No problems.
Pfft.
Bitch.
So, um, greetings, OLR, it's your friendly neighborhood turtle.
I know that you just added a new show segment, and I've been thinking of a new segment for
a while now.
I'm the guy who isn't keen on cursing, so in order to balance out the eff-us of the
week, what about the love-us of the week?
I'll start.
I have a big love-u to people who are genuinely friendly during disc golf games, and want
to help you become a better player.
Another example from Loki would be, would sound something like, a big love-u to Nintendo
for always going out on a limb to create new and exciting IPs without rehashing anything
prior.
This one he has for me.
Okay.
A big love-u to World of Warcraft for rainbow unicorns that make me feel shiny.
Rob, I have a love-u to all the podcasters who take the time to leave us good reviews
on iTunes and for listening to us every week.
I'm gonna verp from all the cuteness.
Your loyal turtle and fairly serious turtle.
We have done a thank you, I think is what we called it, but we have kind of done a thank
you of the week.
Um, you know, when we're feeling charitable, but it happens once in a great while, but
I do say a genuine love-u or thank-u to everybody that leaves us nice reviews on iTunes.
When I'm truly not in a pissy mood, I do nice things, you know, but I'm female.
I don't care.
I didn't even have to say it.
All right.
We are full of loving stuff for the two and a half hours.
Okay.
Um, this is from Rob.
The fabled art of video game exhibit at the Smithsonian is now open.
I haven't gone yet because all of the opening day talks were booked before I checked.
It is running during Otacon if people want to make the drive from Baltimore to DC.
In Baltimore, I like to take the Metro from I-95 in Greenbelt, Maryland rather than try
and park downtown.
If I lived there, I knew what that meant.
Oh, I think he's just giving people directions.
They have all these funny terms for roads out there that I've just like the greenbelt.
You don't, what's that?
He attached the letter from the Smithsonian.
Nice.
It says open now through September 30th.
It felt like this day would never come, but it finally did in the art of video games exhibition
is open to the public.
I hope you can make it to see the show in person, but if not, check out the photos of
the final installation on Flickr.
I actually really love to see that.
That's what it's Washington DC where it's the Smithsonian or derp.
Yeah, right.
Um, you know, you step out on the line and you see the, I didn't have like a traveling
Smithsonian dick that sits sticking out of the ground made of marble.
I've been to the Smithsonian before many years ago.
I was 17 years old.
You know what the big exhibit was?
You know what?
So was I, but you know what the big exhibit was the year I was there.
Uh, the Enola Gay, they had the actual plane, you know, that was used in world war two and
all that was very, very strange.
Did you say world of war two?
I said world war two.
I'm pretty sure.
All right.
Then I said world of war two and I meant to say world war two.
Anyhow.
Well, to finish, um, on here, it says, uh, one of the best parts of the exhibit exhibition
in my opinion is the interviews with video game artists, designers, developers, musicians,
writers, and scholars.
Um, yeah, that's pretty much the rest of it.
So yeah, pretty cool.
I, um, I don't have the link to, uh, the flicker on here, so I would suggest seeing if you
can find it.
And last email if you're ready.
Well, not into sports games and not interested in the canceled Ubisoft game.
For some reason, the pronunciation of Adidas, how you, you said Adidas.
The rest of the world says Adidas.
Adidas.
I've, I've, I've said Adidas before.
Okay.
Well, he said it sounded odd.
I'm more used to Adidas myself.
Where does the other pronunciation come from?
I'm sure I've heard of it.
Heard it that way before.
That comes from Robert M. Adidas was when they would call it was what the corn song
was called.
Yes.
All day.
I dream about, all right, forget it.
Like that's the one like rage metal song I'm going to admit to liking here on the show.
But yes, I used to have a college radio show back in the day and we'd play stuff like that.
So we, and the song was called Adidas.
Like that's how you pronounce it.
So now whenever I see that, like I can't help, but say it that way.
Even though I know everybody says the company is Adidas, but consider it a funny pun.
I don't know.
That's audible blinking.
You never heard the corn song.
I don't like corn.
Not even in a tortilla.
Actually I'm allergic to corn.
Did you know that?
Are you really?
No, I didn't.
I am allergic to corn.
I can have it.
The more processed it is, the easier I have a time having it, but pure corn will make
my lips swell and my throat itch.
All right.
Is that it for emails?
Yes.
Little known fact, everybody.
Now you know something about me.
Mailbag at orange lounge, radio.com.
I might say this name wrong here since I love pronouncing things wrong here on the show.
Delighter, Delitter, Delighter in our chat room says all day I dream about sex song of
my life.
You and every man and a lot of women too.
So there you go.
All right.
Time's nothing.
All right.
Let's get to the FUs of the week.
Or if you want, the thank yous of the week.
Fuck that.
I mean, poo, poopy poo poo.
My FU goes towards, um, I'm still going to include daylight savings time as being involved
with this FU, but it goes for this crazy ass insomnia I've been having.
And then when I do fall asleep, of course I can't wake up in the morning.
I have been sleeping on average until noon.
Not on purpose.
If I don't set an alarm, I just won't wake up.
And Dan had to wake me up.
And then I found out that I was just really, I've just been really, really tired.
Just haven't been feeling great.
And even doing my yoga this morning didn't help.
Today has just been a day of exhaustion.
However, I would like to give a thank you to the SF Market on Florin Road in South Sac,
which is usually a very scary part of town, but I found something wonderful and delightful
there.
Apart from mochi and salt and a chocolate salt pokey.
They had Cafe Du Monde chicory coffee.
The only other place I've purchased this before was in New Orleans at the Cafe Du Monde.
So it just made me really homesick.
And the weather here today, the weird ass weather we've been having, reminds me of Alabama.
So I've been doubly homesick.
I really, really, really want to get back to Alabama and visit everybody before, you
know, everything blooms and the humid hits.
Very sad.
Loki.
Uh, I guess, uh, fuck you to the people, or I should say, I think it's the California
Transportation Department or something like that for not painting lines on the freeway
and scratching out.
There's like four sets of scratched out lines.
I don't know where the fuck the lanes are 50 on the way here.
Huh?
Oh my God.
In the rain.
It makes all the other lines transparent.
It's just like, I don't know where the fucking lanes are because they're just going and they
don't go straight.
Yeah, it's doing it on 82 where they're doing repaving on 80.
And when we had that really bad rain on Friday night, and I'm saying bad for California because
people in California don't know how to drive.
I know.
I know.
Um, coming from South Sac all the way on, um, from 99 to 80 was just torture.
So yeah, I, I get ya.
It's just like, I'm like, am I in the lane?
Which, which lines did I follow?
It's just ridiculous.
So fuck that.
Um, Jason, our guest, do you have anything you want to give angst to?
F you to California weather this weekend, this is a shitty weekend to visit.
I'm so sorry.
It's been, it's been rainy.
We drove through Hale on the way up here.
It's been windy as all hell.
It's been a, it's not fucking sunshine and beaches.
I left Alabama weather.
I left nice Colorado weather.
Like it was literally just cleaning up the day that I got on the bus and it's kind of
been miserable since we got here, including the actual bus trip out here.
Other than that, F you to the screens and God only knows what other sounds at all hours
of the night in downtown San Francisco.
I'm probably never going to get used to that, but you know, that's, that's pretty much it.
All right.
I will, I will indulge the email from earlier and I will start off tonight with a thank
you.
I would like to say thank you to the tortilla lady at Denio's farmers market because the
pumpkin tortillas are amazing.
So thank you.
Thank you.
Tortilla lady.
F you to the pistachio dude, because your pistachios kind of tastes like vinegar.
Serious stuff, guys.
Serious stuff.
All right.
Um, more gaming news.
Your calls are just a little bit away.
One eight seven seven game OLR, but not yet.
We still have some news, some big news.
Loki.
All right.
Let's uh, let's talk a little bit about, um, this kind of ties in a little bit with the
whole kickstart thing, but we'll get to that obsidian man.
They cannot catch a break this week, um, or even like it looks like the past year, but
let's start off with obsidian.
They've been hit with some layoffs and of course obsidian's working on the South Park
RPG that's going to be coming out, um, later this year.
They also worked out on a fallout new Vegas, so, um, and apparently they have had to let
go and they've, um, lost approximately 20 to 30 people and, um, they also have another
project canceled.
This time is supposed to be for a future next gen system, uh, which I believe is the new
Xbox system.
And uh, also I guess, um, you know, there are some people that let go of one that started,
uh, the day before and one that, you know, started the week before.
And um, so yeah, that, that kind of sucks.
Um, also they've had, uh, an Xbox Live Arcade title that they were working on, um, a new
original IP, uh, that has been put on hold as well and, uh, that kind of sucks.
Um, the other thing too, which, um, I didn't see, well, I think we'll get to it a little
bit later, but, um, they, uh, they may be going to a Kickstarter actually.
It's kind of cool.
There was this opinion piece that was written on Kotaku and it was kind of interesting talking
about Kickstarter and the fact that, you know, some of these studios just can't catch a break
because of all this publisher bullshit, whether the publisher's, you know, not greenlighting
something because it's a genre, like an old genre that they don't think is viable anymore,
or if it's just, you know, kind of this really experimental type of game or that kind of
stuff where that they can actually cut out the publishers if they go to Kickstarter and
get their projects funded.
Not only will it kind of get funded by Kickstarter, but the, especially lately with, like, these,
you know, Tim Schafer stuff and the whole, uh, Wasteland 2 thing, that, you know, it
gets a lot of press and people get, you know, you know, behind it, plus, you know, a lot
of this, you know, independent games, a lot of them are getting a lot of indie coverage
and, like, grassroots, you know, efforts through Facebook and Twitter and, you know, those
get picked up by, you know, the gaming blogs and whatnot.
So it's kind of interesting and, um, so I wonder if we will see a lot of people turning
to Kickstarter, especially some of these companies that are, like, can you imagine, like, if
Grin, for example, started some Kickstarters for different projects that they were working
on that would have been, well, I don't, obviously-
Oh, that new Strider game we talked about a couple weeks ago.
It's a silly Strider, but, you know, they could go to Kickstarter to, um, get some of
the stuff, well, I don't know if they would be able to pull out a Strider, but, um, you
know, make some really awesome games and maybe they would have been able to do some of that
stuff.
You know, it kind of sucks that they're working on a lot of good stuff, but, um, so yeah,
that's one good thing, I guess, that Kickstarter can provide is, you know, an avenue for some
of these game genres that publishers think are dead.
I love SSJ100Matt's idea in the chatroom.
We should do a list list of what Kickstarter game funds we would give money to.
We should have- we will do that in a future episode.
So, um, you kind of two different directions there, um, Obsidian, I want to start there,
um, good news or bad news for the South Park game, like, I was looking forward to it and
now I'm kind of like, uh-oh, I mean, hopefully it's far along in development where these
won't matter.
I don't think it's- I would think that they have a bigger team than 20 or 30 people working
on it, and it's not just programmers or developers and that, you know, it's not just programmers,
but it's just, like, kind of across the board.
They're just making cuts at the company, um, and I think we may touch on why they might
be making cuts on that stuff in a little bit, but, uh, it's just, you know, they have to
trim the fat, I guess.
Um, Kickstarter, um, again, kind of like we were saying earlier, there's just- there's
a lot I worry about with Kickstarter where it's just gonna be too much, it's gonna get
saturated and, you know, I don't think everybody needs to get on board with it, but I like
the comparison you give with the grand.
See, now, Kickstarter, I'm not sure exactly how it works, if it has- a project has to
be fully funded or not, because that one, the guy I was referring to as the Jabba the
Hutt Reapus guy, um, he quoted saying that they have to make 10 grand to get money.
They have to basically- 10 grand is the bottom limit.
I've seen some Kickstarters for $500, though, so I think it's just- I don't think Kickstarter
sets that.
I think they're setting it for their project.
Maybe it's a percentage or something, I don't know.
It could be.
Yeah, it could be.
It could be a certain percentage, depending on how much you get.
Alright, well, there's some more stories that somewhat tie into this, and one of them is
this interesting piece that's out there, and this is a particular piece that was on YouTube,
and then Kotaku wrote up an article on it that basically kind of went to talking about
these points about video game reviews, and the whole video just kind of, you know, it's
a lot of the stuff I think we've kind of heard before about the reviews are bought, basically.
I did watch the whole thing, and a lot of- I think there's some of their facts are straight,
some of them are kind of eh, you know.
Let me go through some of these bullets here.
Video game publishers see game reviewers as marketing tools.
Yes, that's absolutely true.
Well, they see game reviews as marketing tools, for sure.
Publishers sometimes allow positive reviews to be published before negative ones.
Absolutely.
Publishers sometimes require game reviewers to not mention certain plot or technical details
in exchange for being furnished with an advanced review copy.
That is fact, yes.
Publishers might not want to advertise on an outlet that slams their game.
Well, yeah, that makes sense.
Critics are often at a loss for insightful ways of describing what they found objectionable
about a game they don't like.
I can see that sometimes, yeah.
Yeah, I can too, based on the way some people react to it.
Reviews are banal checklists.
I think some are.
Especially ones not written by professional gamers.
I think a lot of the ones that you see, and I'm not slamming every, but a lot like in
the community newspapers and stuff, are the press release reworded.
Some that I've seen.
Game reviewers may not know that they're biased, but if they knew they were biased, would they
tell us?
I'm sure that they would, they have to seem unbiased.
I think some know they are biased, personally.
All these positive reviews from biased reviewers lead the public into accidentally playing
bad games.
Playing bad games or buying bad games, I think is, you know, I mean, so what?
If you play a bad game, it's not like you can, you know, contract herpes or something
like that.
I mean, I don't see, it's like, oh my God, I played a horrible game.
I need to, like, hide in the corner.
I mean, who cares?
So you play a bad game.
Brain herpes.
I mean, because someone, once again, it's someone's opinion, just because they like
it, doesn't mean you're necessarily gonna like it.
You remember the Gamefly commercials and the Epic Rage?
Oh yeah, it's stupid.
That's the point they're pushing in those commercials.
Here's the last one.
Legislators are happy when this mess results in pro-American games topping the charts.
I think that's a little much.
That seems a little much.
That's the stretch bullet right there.
That's the, we need to pad this up to one more.
Okay, here goes.
No, no.
Um, now, I, I think that whole embargo thing is starting to get overboard.
And I would really only trust a site that refuses to sign them, even if they get the
reviews late.
Like, that's one thing I'm happy, even though I don't have the time to play every game,
I don't do this for a living or whatever, I can give you my honest opinion on games
because we don't sign those, and we don't get these games for free, I mean, very, very
rarely have we gotten them for free.
And you know, we've spent our own money on them, so, you know, we can kind of tell you
from that perspective.
Got like two games from publishers.
Not that I'm saying OLR is the authority or that we're somehow better than all of the
rest of this, but I'm just saying, I like that, you know, because there's plenty of
other podcasters out there that are in the same boat, and that's why I kind of like hearing
the opinion of quote-unquote real people when it comes to games.
Let's also kind of take a step further.
There was another story this week that talked about how reviews can really be kind of screwing
up the industry, and that is this whole bonuses tied to Metacritic scores.
Not user Metacritic scores, Metacritic scores from established critics.
And Obsidian was going to be, I mean, I'm sure a lot of you heard about this story,
but for Fallout New Vegas, Obsidian, you know, it wasn't Bethesda, it was Obsidian that kind
of did the port of it or whatever, did the, you know, newer, New Vegas part of it.
They would have been given a bonus if an 85 plus score was on Metacritic.
So if the game got an 85 plus on Metacritic, they would have got a big bonus.
You know what it got?
An 84 on Metacritic, and so no bonus.
Just the whole thing of paying or giving incentives for good reviews just totally makes me think
of the government.
And also, here's the other thing too, is Metacritic, how exactly, first off, how exactly do they
... who is an authorized person?
Who is an actual, like, site reviewer or whatever like that?
If we put a review on our site, is it gonna show up on Metacritic?
I believe it's similar to Rotten Tomatoes where you have to have so many reviews under
your belt and you have to have some type of... you're either a member of an association
or you have some type of degree or something.
I don't know, I haven't looked at the rules, but I did look them up for Rotten Tomatoes
once and it was something like that at the time, which was several years ago.
So that leads into discussions about why are game developer bonuses based on review scores?
I thought it was about the sales.
Exactly.
It should be about the sales because a game can totally get great reviews.
Mad World, for example, or... I'm trying to think, there's a lot of niche games on
... pretty much.
Okay, let's look at these RPGs that are coming out on the Wii.
They're getting great reviews, but they're not gonna sell well.
It's just because it's a niche audience that it's reaching.
And so why are they basing it on reviews?
So a game gets good reviews.
It doesn't mean people are gonna buy it.
And lastly, some news came out this week that we already kinda knew and that was this whole
... it was a result of the fact, I don't know if you guys heard, but Giant Bomb got bought
by CBS Interactive, which owns GameSpot.
The ironic thing about that is that one of the big personalities that kinda started Giant
Bomb, Jeff Gerstmann, well, he made Giant Bomb because he had to leave GameSpot.
They basically sat him in a room and fired him.
Why did they fire him?
At the time, a lot of people were saying it's because he gave Kane & Lynch a bad review
and they were big sponsors of the site at the time.
And sure enough, it came out that it wasn't specifically the Kane & Lynch review because
another thing was referenced about the Ratchet & Clank Future Tools of Destruction review
from Sony.
But basically GameSpot's editorial management basically sat him down and said that he couldn't
be trusted as an editorial director.
Couldn't be trusted with the people that are paying for ads on their site.
That's absolutely ridiculous and completely unfair.
Now, who is to blame at the end of the day for this whole cycle?
Who is to blame?
Corporations.
You.
You are to blame.
If you've ever filled out a comment or a survey thing that said, why did you buy this game?
Review from what website?
If you did that, you are partially to blame.
Think about it.
I don't think I've ever done that.
I'm just saying.
I know what I'm saying it in a way that's gonna catch people off guard a little bit,
but I want you to really think about that.
I mean, why else do the companies feel like they can get away with this?
I think we as the users have to kind of rise up and demand more transparency.
I think we need to support sites that will not support embargoes and this stuff and not
let the publishers do the talking.
It's the same.
It's practically the same thing as lobbying, you know.
Oh yeah.
Or politicians who take, you know, sponsorships from major corporations, it's the same thing.
You know, they're basically getting paid, so of course they're gonna put in a good word.
Or in the case of, you know, the politics analogy, they're gonna lean their vote towards
the interest of the people they're paying their, you know, lining their pockets.
So support independent radio websites.
I really mean it, because this kind of stuff's only going to continue.
And don't vote partisan.
All right.
Moving on.
Did I have anything else?
I think I got all the little pieces of that story, because there was quite a bit there.
Yeah.
So.
How about something happy?
How about something happy?
Okay.
Well, I'm sure I've made it no secret that I am a huge fan of Cracked.
I love Cracked.com.
And they actually posted an article that really made me stop and look at it that I wanted
to share with everybody.
And, you know, so full credit to Cracked for this.
I'm, you know, not trying to step on toes, so this goes to Mike Cooney, Eddie Rodriguez,
and Steve Hanley, who wrote the article.
Shout out.
I'm just saying, because it was really good.
It's six acts of real-life heroism made possible by video games.
So I'm just gonna go over it real quick.
Okay.
And then I'd like to get everyone's thoughts on it.
Mm-hmm.
Okay.
And really, it's actually the first three on the list that really stuck with me.
There was the one where online gamers saved a guy from killing himself.
There was an autistic, it says, a Canadian teenager made the news after helping an autistic
youth online who was showing serious signs of depression to the point of hinting at suicide.
So he didn't know where he lived, only had his gammer tag, but he contacted the police
and contacted the kid over Xbox Live and they talked him down.
Wow.
He was showing concern for another human being.
I don't, that's a good thing out of Xbox Live?
That's astounding.
Well, there's more on that, too.
His parents didn't even know.
Wow.
Someone who lived 1,500 miles away noticed.
So it's another sign, too, that you basically, I don't think in a lot of cases, once your
kid's out and going to school, I don't think parents really know their kids as well as
they think they might, not in the ways that I think they can really relate to, not as
much as somebody within their own peer group, you know what I mean?
And I think that someone needs to be careful and look at all the signs.
You put yourself in their shoes.
And then this one now, this one I thought was really neat.
This is that Evony game.
I know, I kind of scoff at the game, but there's a guy with muscular dystrophy who, his house
caught on fire while he was playing a game, and he couldn't get out safely because he
had muscular dystrophy, it was wheelchair-bound.
And his friends in the game called the police department and the fire department and helped
him get out of his house.
Wow.
So there's that.
This one, this is the number five on the list that I thought was pretty cool.
A guy who had been playing Medal of Modern War, oh, never mind, they just-
Medal of Modern Warfare?
It was a little name that they came up with, but he had actually been playing America's
Army.
Which-
Oh, yeah, yeah.
I watched the medic training on that one, and it's pretty-
Well, it's an army recruitment game at the end of the day, yeah.
I mean, but he, what happened is that he had encountered a car crash where someone in an
SUV flipped upside down and the car was spewing smoke, and he actually used the medic training
from the game to help the guy, basically the person in the accident lost like two fingers
and was gushing blood from his head, and he bandaged the hand, raised it above his head
to stop the bleeding, and bandaged the guy's head-
Oh, my God.
And contacted EMT, all from knowing, and he credited it to the medical training in America's
Army.
Wow.
So, and then this one was actually pretty cool, and this is a World of Warcraft one,
so this one-
And he was immediately drafted.
I'm just kidding.
This one, this one hits a little close, because you'll know what I'm talking about.
A little glimped?
Okay.
A 12-year-old Norwegian boy was walking with his sister and got attacked by a moose.
Yeah, a moose once bit my sister.
Ghost crawler promised me a moose.
Okay.
His sister was 10, and the moose started to charge him, male moose probably in season,
and so the little boy taunted the moose away from his sister and played dead.
And he credited it to World of Warcraft.
To taunt and feign death.
He said, if you've got-
Well, now, hunters can't taunt.
Let me finish.
This damn kid doesn't know what he's talking about.
Let me finish.
But he said basically is that his brain translated it as aggro, and it was an aggressive animal,
so he grabbed his attention, because an aggressive animal is going to go to the thing making
the biggest noise, the biggest threat.
And then he said he played dead, he feigned death, and the moose sniffed at him, nudged
him, and walked off, left him and his sister alone.
Pretty neat.
And the other ones on here, now those are like the big three for me on these, because
the other ones are about how they're helping stroke victims recover by improving hand-eye
coordination.
There's another one here about a web browser game that people have used to discover two
planets that's- Let me see if I can't get the name of this called.
It's Planet Hunters, which basically chooses them to monitor light emissions, and it'll
do a certain thing when a planet crosses through a particular star's path, and players have
discovered two planets that way.
There's another one on here about helping stroke victims recover.
One of them got really excited, but it turned out it was just Bluto.
And then- Thank you, I'll be here all week.
They used the skills of a 14-year-old boy who invented a procedure, this is for a science
fair project, of using a controller to do internal stitches, where you'd have to use
a robot for it.
And now you kind of have that with Kinect, if the Windows commercials are to be believed.
But it was using a surgical device called an endostitch, and it's used to sew up patients
after a hysterectomy, but he was using that same procedure only with a video game controller
for medical purposes.
But I want to go back to the first three that I listed.
Those are, instead of just applying what you know from video games, those are saving people's
lives.
I mean, when you have a bear come in your thing, you're told to play dead, but he specifically
said that he needed to taunt the aggro away.
From his sister, yeah.
And, you know, I've run into, like, I had a case when I was playing PSO, where I actually
got really sick and was given some advice from just a random person in there who happened
to be an EMT.
And it took care of me from being nauseous, I didn't have to go to the hospital.
I think I told you about that, like, yeah.
You know, I've had plenty of friends that were going through really hard times that
just, you know, being friends with them online has kind of kept their head above water so
that they have a support network.
You know, but the one that really struck me was the guy getting the, you know, the medical
training.
And I watched the video, it's actually, I've had emergency training before, and it's more
in depth than what I did in my first aid classes.
So I'm just pretty amazed at that, I mean, what do you think of, I wanted to bring this
up because people say, oh, video games make you violent, meh.
Well, obviously, I know that that's not true, and, you know, I've heard of some of these
good things before.
There's sometimes a dark side to these MMOs.
You know, we heard about the, you know, kidnapped across state lines and all that.
It's nice to hear some of the good stuff, too, about how technology, I think it's more
technology is saving lives, and, you know, gaming is that technology, some of it.
So I don't know, how can you argue with the good news here?
I mean, it's good stuff.
I just really wish that more, like, more mainstream news sources would really focus more on advertising
stuff like this instead of just finding sensationalist stories that give everybody a bad name.
Speaking of supporting independent media.
Exactly.
Yeah, and this is, wow, stutter-tastic.
This kind of thing, it's exactly the kind of thing you want to hear, because it's people
that are applying any kind of knowledge that's at least rooted in some kind of truth.
It's such, yeah, they have a weird association.
I learned about it from a video game.
Big deal.
As long as you've learned.
Good for them.
They did something fantastic with a little bit of knowledge bestowed upon them.
You know, I actually did learn how to drive through Ridge Racer.
No, big-
And it's funny that you say that, because when I was starting to get towards the age
of learning driving, about to go to driving school, my grandpa, one of my grandpas, would
give me a hard time because I would talk about driving video games.
And it's like, I think I probably went a little bit above and beyond in a sense that I don't
want to, I think I may have one time said, I don't want to drive, you know, video games
can't kill you, so I would rather do that instead.
But at the same time, it's like, I went in there and I wasn't scared of driving.
I wasn't, it wasn't new to me.
I've been in my parents' car plenty of times.
Yeah, you pick up things like this.
Well, great.
My whole thing was that I always had problems cornering because I was learning how to drive
in a boat pretty much, you know, an older large vehicle.
And it was, because you know how wonky the original Ridge Racer steering was and how
you had to be super careful with your cornering.
It was while playing that game that it clicked in my head what I was doing wrong in the car.
And I never had a problem cornering.
Never.
All right.
Well, you can ask Ron about that when I managed to make that turn off off the Bay Bridge to
going to Treasure Island in my Lancer and drifted.
Ah, all right.
Let's move on.
I'm trying to get to call.
So we have some time for calls.
Loki quickly.
All right.
I will be super quick.
So let's talk a little bit about Peter Molyneux.
Well, not Peter Molyneux per se, but Peter Moly-doe.
It's the parody account that's on Twitter that comes up with all these weird like game
ideas.
Like for example, you control a mystical rabbit at a bus stop during winter.
You must find as many creative ways as possible to make people miss their buses.
So similar to the OLR dream games.
Yeah, something like that.
Just really weird stuff.
Here's the funny thing.
Someone has convinced him that he should do a game jam where independent developers out
there will create games based on these crazy ideas.
And that's what's going to happen.
Actually going to Moly Jam 2012 is set to run, I guess, March 31st and or through April
1st.
And actually a few cities, San Francisco and Brighton also that has expanded to now a few
more cities including Los Angeles, Boston, Seattle, Montreal and Melbourne and New York.
And of course, what's even more interesting about that is Peter Molyneux is actually going
to join in on this as well.
Now that he's got some free time.
Good for him having a sense of humor about the whole thing.
And he's actually, it's kind of funny, is some of the ideas like for example, there
is a post by the Peter Molyneux that he's all, my first mobile game will be free, but
if you pay a little, then the NPCs will be extra nice and compliment you more while playing.
Peter Molyneux responds, that's not a bad idea actually.
And so, you know, just like, you know, funny things like that.
And this one's another funny one.
Imagine carrying a radioactive baby in a pitch black environment.
Your baby would act as a torch, rocking the baby intensifies the glow, et cetera.
You know, just like, that just makes me think of the crying scene for Max Payne.
But the whole thing is, you know, he has these really weird ideas, but there's actually some
funny ones that he came up with like the bullying, the RPG or whatever that had bullying as,
you know, the combat system or something like that.
And so they're gonna make some of these things, including that rabbit one, they actually have
a video of that.
And yeah, there's actually some people that are, you know, interested in doing that.
They're saying that, I guess they're, I'm trying to see if there's any other really
big guys.
The people behind it right now, the organizers, Anna Kipleness, Brandon Sheffield, Patrick
Klepec, which I think he was from Joystiq, Chris Remo, Jake Rodkin, Joe Kowalski, and
Edward Paris.
So it's interesting, and of course, if you're interested in this, you can check out, well,
you can follow, or check out Vox Games, or you can follow, I think they've got a website
for this already, let's see here.
I know some people that are participating in this, so it's gonna be fun.
Yeah, well, first off, you can check the fake Twitter account for, it's Peter Molydeux,
and they have a Google Docs page, but you can just look it up, it's Game Jams Fun Time,
Fun Times.
So yeah, check it out, and then of course, you know, I think they're gonna be adding
like an actual webpage and stuff for this at some point.
Alright, I got one more story for you guys, and I'm gonna make this real quick, because
this is something that has been going around for forever, and just will not go away, and
that is that there is no new Xbox this year at E3.
I could've sworn this was already reported on, but it made the rounds on the gaming blogs
again this week.
Some folks that are close to, I guess, Bloomberg, are insisting that Microsoft's gonna introduce
a new console in 2013.
It'll be at E3 next year, but Bloomberg Magazine was told by David Dennis, who's a group manager
of PR at Xbox, 2012 is all about the Xbox 360, so stop the rumors, there will be no
slick new Xbox lube until 2013.
There you go.
That's the final word.
Well it makes sense, they've got stuff to show off this year, next year will be when
they unveil it.
Alright, we are gonna open the phones, so call now, 1-877-GAME-OLR, or our username
on Skype is OrangeLoungeRadio, again that's 1-877-GAME-OLR, or our username on Skype is
OrangeLoungeRadio, and damn that's fast, it's already lighting up, we got a call, hi you're
on OrangeLoungeRadio, who's this?
This is Shane.
Hey, you're fast, you like know when we're gonna open it up, what's up?
I know, it's like I was given advanced warning or something.
Something like that, well what's on your mind tonight, what do you wanna talk about?
What do I normally talk about?
Mass Effect.
Yes, that is my second best favorite thing in the world, so let's talk about that.
Okay, since you're pissed off that I didn't give you credit for getting me into Mass Effect,
which was basically that you were pouting and whining and crying and threatening not
to be my friend anymore unless I would play Mass Effect.
Which that's a lie, I think I just bombarded you with me talking about it, I don't think
there was pouting or crying.
There was a little bit.
You need to convince Jamie that she should play it too.
Jamie, it's gonna, it'll change your life.
Buy me a copy.
We're all poor.
Me too please.
I'm broke.
Alright, we're pressed for time tonight, so what do you wanna say about Mass Effect?
Well as I sit here just exiting out of Mass Effect 1 that I was just playing, and in
my N7 t-shirt, I would probably like to say that I am on the side of the retake Mass Effect
3 movement, which is give us a different ending.
Oh, why?
You didn't go to the government, did you?
No, I'm not stupid, I joined a Facebook group.
Well, that's activism of the 21st century.
Alright, so at least you're not totally crazy, you're in the same crowd.
So without spoiling, why is the ending pissing everybody off?
It's pretty much for the reason, well, the good reason that it's making everybody angry
is that, like you said earlier, everything you've done up until the last 10 minutes of
the game does not matter based on these endings.
I don't care if it's not a happy ending.
I didn't really expect it to be happy endings, but I expect an actual ending that makes sense,
not some Matrix crap or something stupid like that.
And I'm also part of the group of people that believe one of the endings that you get, if
you do really well with all the extra stuff in the game, you get like an extra 10 seconds,
and that leads to this entirely different theory about all the endings and that this
one that you may consider bad is actually leading up to a real ending that they have
not given us yet.
And I will pay for DLC if they do it.
So what is the point of joining the Facebook group?
What do you want?
What do you want out of all this?
I want a DLC ending.
Like I could see if somebody is not invested in the series, the endings are probably fine
for them.
But seeing as how I really like everything about the story and my Shepard's journey,
they didn't end it like they kind of promised they would.
And I'm not going to be like, I'll never buy one of your games again, but I will be like,
I'll pay for DLC for you guys to make it right.
Do you think that you should have to do that though?
Do you feel like maybe you're being exploited a little bit for your money because you're
so into this?
No, I don't think so.
I think they just had a screw up.
That's it.
And I'm reading what a SIG vampire says, I'm just ignoring it because it doesn't, that
part doesn't matter in one and two and when you end a trilogy and they promise that everything
you've done up until the point is going to shape your game and it doesn't, that's where
it's stupid.
But complaining to the government over it's pretty stupid too, you got to admit.
No, I definitely agree with that.
Now you sure, you sure there's never going to be another Mass Effect game?
They said, again, you know, who knows what Bioware is really thinking sometimes, but
they said if they ever did another game, it would not take place after three, you'd have
to take place before or during three.
And I don't know for a game like this, I don't understand why I'd want to play something
that takes place before the Mass Effect one through three and that definitely don't want
to play something that takes place during three unless it's just extra DLC for three.
So yeah, I can't see them doing a four that takes place after three, especially with what
the endings do right now, currently.
All right, well I got to wrap up to get more calls or any other thoughts you want to get
in there?
Um, I had one and then I forgot it.
Yeah, I forgot it.
All right.
That's right.
Right.
You forget.
All right.
Whatever.
All right.
By the way, Alan beat Mass Effect one if you didn't hear it.
I know I talked to him on life journal about it already on it.
All right.
Yeah.
I better let you go.
So we get more calls.
All right.
Bye.
One eight seven seven game.
OLR or username on Skype is orange launch radio.
You're laughing over there.
Jason.
Oh, just the, just, just the, just what's happening.
Just the conversation around you.
Right.
All right.
We got another call.
Hi.
You're on orange launch radio.
Who's this?
What up guys?
It's cynical for me.
Okay.
See how you doing?
Hey, I'm good.
Xenocore.
I had no idea about that.
Eighties music, by the way.
Thank you for sending me straight on that.
Yeah, no.
Oh, good.
What's up?
What's uh, what do we have the phone?
Oh, the phone call to tonight.
I only caught the second part of the previous caller, but, uh, as far as the, the ending
and mass effect, it's, it's just piss poor.
I mean, literally Bioware has written much better content than that.
Uh, again, trying to keep it spoiler free cause I'm, I'm making my way there, but what
is it about the ending that's so irritating is it, would you say it's kind of the same
thing that's been brought up before that no matter what you do, you're kind of getting
the same shit at the end?
True, but they could've even covered it by not giving you the actual choice just by picking
something that you did in the past and it would auto pick that choice when you got to
the end.
So it actually, something you did had some sway over what happened, but the way they
did it, it was all erased.
It was all used for filler and considering the quality of writing that Bioware usually
puts out, surely their writers are a little bit better and coming up with summation better
than that.
So are you into the DLC conspiracy where you're getting something real, but for a low, low
price of $10?
Why would you pay for a product that's been trashed already?
If you give me another 10 bucks, I'll actually finish it and put it together for you.
No, if it said some assembly required, that's the way you're selling it.
Cause it worked for Bethesda.
Well true, I mean, I'm not saying they're not going to make money if they do that either.
That product was so good in one and two, it's almost guaranteed to make money with the DLC.
It's guaranteed.
I mean, people are already asking for it, like, give me DLC, just finish the story the
way we want.
So they probably will, they'll charge 10 bucks and they'll get their money.
Interesting, Shane is sending me a private message with this comment, maybe you want
to respond to this, I don't know.
He says the other thing he forgot was, it's about the precedent it sets demanding DLC
endings.
Also, how even though it had a terrible ending, it didn't ruin the journey or the game.
Did the ending ruin Mass Effect for you?
I was watching a roomie play it, and it guaranteed I'm not buying it in a Mass Effect 3.
I see, okay, so you just kind of saw it through somebody else, but that's okay, I mean, certainly
you can get Mass Effect 3.
Well, I mean, I saw enough of stuff on the internet without seeing all the trailers to
know that if I got to that ending, because the game isn't that difficult, it's not like
the ending of Rygar to where getting to the ending is the feat itself because the game's
so damn hard, few people actually see it.
Well, to use the Sopranos comparison again, I didn't watch the whole series, I saw an
episode or two, but even I know the ending of that sucked.
True, true, I respect the way they did it, and even if, it's not so much the endings
they provided, it's just the way they came to those endings, the user has no, half the
work you do is erased.
God, I never play video games to completion, ever, ever, so if I beat Mass Effect 3, that's
a big if, but if I beat Mass Effect 3, that in itself is going to be like a noteworthy
thing for the journal, you know, like, I beat a video game, because my ADD usually kicks
in 20 hours before this point.
Some point I will finish Final Fantasy 13 too, I swear.
Squirrels!
Seven, in my case.
Oh, but I don't finish seven, because speaking of shit endings, alright, hey, SSJ100 Matt
says Bioware trolled you all, did Bioware troll us, Xenocore?
Exactly, exactly, I'm convinced something must have happened corporate wise, maybe they
ran out of time and they rushed the ending, or something smells fishy as far as the development
to why the game is the way it is.
If the DLC conspiracies is true, then EA trolled us all.
That's not too far fetched either, so.
Alright, well Xenocore, anything else before we let you go?
No, that's it, y'all take it easy.
Alright you two, have a good one buddy.
Alright, bye.
877 game OLR, username on Skype, chat, username on Skype is OrangeLoungeRadio.
What is that?
You're having a fun night, Rob!
I'm having like the burpiest night in the history of OLR, this is, what did I eat?
I had, I had Mongolian BBQ, because I took, I took to a new place, there is a new place
downtown called MongoMongo.
I need to go there.
Yes you do.
It was good.
Alright.
Let's take a call.
I gotta be fast.
Hey.
Hey Sky, how's it going?
It's Legend Zaku here.
Hey Zaku, you got through.
What's up buddy?
Yeah, it's been a long time, I don't know if I've actually called this year so far,
I may have done it in January, but yeah, I'm just like touching back on what you know,
what you mentioned already with like Tim Shaver and Kickstarter and just like all these, all
these devel, all these like pop, developers that are basically, yeah these uh, these video
game shops that apparently, because of the way the business works, that you know, sourcing
out to Kickstarter might, it might open new avenues, but at the same time, it's, it breaks
the mold of the way that whole business has, you know, publisher, the whole video game
industry has like switched in the past 15 or so years.
Like back in the days of NES and Super Nintendo, it wasn't really about like pumping out sequels
that quickly, it was about creating like games that would be memorable and that would just
be pushing the envelope.
Nowadays you have companies like Activision and to an extent EA just short, just thinking
with a short sight.
Well, hold on, hold on.
In other words, taking a franchise and just milking it out.
You want to know one interesting thing I read today that I didn't realize?
Like thank you Wikipedia, I learned something new today.
You know, even though I wouldn't say this is necessarily an example of milking it out,
it's certainly Zelda 2, The Adventures of Link on the Nintendo Entertainment System,
nine months after the original.
I mean, talk about a quick turnaround.
Well, I mean, those are exceptions, but you also have to take in the ones that, you know,
the ones that have grown up in my childhood, you know, stuff like Super Mario World, the
Sonic series.
In Japan, by the way.
Even the first early titles of the PlayStation.
Those were like groundbreaking in the sense that they, they push, you know, they push
the game styles into a different direction.
Then you have like, then nowadays you have companies like Activision, for example, that
only live by the quarter.
Like, you know, they milk Call of Duty and they see that as something where they can,
you know, make money in the short term.
Milking is destroyed.
This is where the bean counter perspective comes into the industry, which so far has
been a fixture of it for quite a while now.
So, you know, in other words, instead of like actual video game developers, you know, brainstorming
ideas, you have like, you have the suits, for example, that just do, you know, they
have research and they have numbers in which they can create, you know, facts out of anything
as a means of creating ideas in which they can, you know, they can milk.
Milking franchises, though, like, as like Guitar Hero was destroyed by the milking,
you know, like, so it hasn't always been successful.
The whole video, the whole rhythm music game genre is pretty much on its last throws because
of that.
It wasn't until Guitar Hero that it, you know, after it went mainstream, it basically fizzled
out.
Like, this is like everything before that time, like during when Konami still had a
handle on that genre, it was still pretty underground, but it wasn't going away any
time soon.
You know, they were still milking out, I mean, they were still sending out new titles and
so forth.
But, as I said, once you bring something mainstream, that's one of the, you know, it's one of
the vulnerabilities right there.
Alright.
I have to wrap up, I have to wrap up because we're supposed to be done at 9.15 tonight,
but quickly, any like final thoughts on this?
I'm pretty certain that the video game publishers have like a cabal with the reviewers to the
point where, at some point, the feds have to get involved, thinking that you may have
like a case where these publishers are paying their way, not through like official channels,
but under the table in terms of a paying for like reviews or any of that type that might
be...
I want them all dragged through the courts!
I want mud flung on them!
Sony got busted for astroturfing for the PSP a few years ago, for actually like posting
it through another, through a supposedly, you know, real actual user, or an actual blog
post that turned out to be fake, it was mostly, you know, marketing posts without disclosing
whether or not they had like a, that they were actually, you know, part Sony.
Alright.
I gotta wrap up.
Thank you so much, Zaku.
Have a good one.
Have a good one too.
Later.
Sorry, I couldn't give him more time, but I'm supposed to be wrapped up by now.
Thank you guys so much for getting, those of you that were able to call through on Skype
tonight.
If you didn't get through, I'm very sorry, but do send us an email, mailbag at orangelaunchradio.com.
I did not mean to ignore the Twitters tonight, let me just quickly get through some of these
at Twitter.com slash O-L-R. Ramaditya Knight sent us some NES soundtracks to check out,
and so I'm gonna check those out.
Dragon Fighter, Shatterhand, Final Mission, some pretty good picks in there.
Eric RPG sent us a link to a Kickstarter, but this is for a JRPG that looks like it
could be interesting.
It's called Americana Dawn, and definitely looks like kind of the old retro.
I don't want to say like Super Nintendo, but maybe a little more like PlayStation era,
like RPGs.
So that's pretty cool, and for $7 you can put an NPC in the development room.
So if this looks like something you want to support, there you go.
They've raised well over half of what they're supposed to get.
They're only trying to get $2,700, so that's pretty cool.
So good luck with that.
Tiger Claw sent us a few links.
I'm not gonna be able to super duper have time to get into these.
One of these is about the Pong Developer Challenge.
I actually think we touched on this last week because there was some controversy about this
whole thing, about how the rights were being sold over to Atari, but I got an email on
it this week too, so I guess they're still pushing it, and I haven't really heard any
clarifications from Atari.
The other one has to do with the Tiger Claw sent me Mass Effect 3 and the Gay card.
I want to read this in more detail and probably talk about it at a later time, because obviously
this is an issue I would be interested in.
I think some people are unfairly, there's some people out there like, I don't want Shepherd
to be gay.
Why does Bioware have to make everything gay?
Well you know what?
Why does everything have to be one way or the other?
One thing I really like about Mass Effect is you have the freedom to do what you want
or not do something.
Hello?
So.
Anyhow.
I will read that more later.
SJ100Matt sent us a link about Chinatown Fair Arcade reopening, but I think that was covered
in Rapid Fire News.
Did we cover that at some point?
No.
Oh, I thought we had that linked.
All right, well, Chinatown Fair Arcade rumored reopening, there you go.
And that's it for Twitter, twitter.com slash olr.
Call me when Arcade Infinity reopens.
Yeah, right?
Talking about things that disappeared in the last couple years.
Yeah, sorry about all the closures coming to California.
We need to wrap up and get out of here for the night, but we need to get our final thoughts
first.
Jason, thank you so much for being here.
And thank you, of course, for hosting our website, as you so graciously have, for the
past probably about eight years that you've been doing the website.
Thank you.
You know, I really, really appreciate that.
And I don't think the listeners understand, without you, there wouldn't be fucking web
space to download shows.
There would be a place, you know, Live 365 or something like that to go to, but outside
of it.
No, no, no.
Oh, the horror, the horror.
It's kind of medium to listen, but beyond that, you know, I do what I can.
I've enjoyed the ride, and why the hell stop it?
So why do we need Kickstarter?
We have generous people like Jason who help us out with what they can, you know, help
get us.
I need Kickstarter to recoup costs.
Come on, guys.
No, no, no, no.
All right.
So, Jason, final thoughts tonight?
Kirby Superstar.
All right, Loki, final thoughts tonight?
I hope there's not a size limit to Excel files, because the one I'm using right now to make
a editor for Grand Theft Auto Maps is 65 megs now.
I think 65,535 rows is the most you can have.
That's rows.
I'm talking about file size.
Oh, good luck with that.
Dark Soccer, your final thought?
And my final thought is Cool Whip.
Yay!
Cool Whip.
Yes, Cool Whip.
Cool Whip.
All right.
Thank you, guys, so much for downloading and listening live to our program.
We really appreciate it.
You know we do it for free.
We don't ask for your money, although maybe I'll get talked into the Kickstarter thing.
I don't know, though.
I kind of doubt it.
But we'll see.
I do say this, though.
If you enjoy what you've heard, please tell somebody about the show.
Help spread the word.
Help grow our community.
This is a no embargo zone, and we give you our honest opinions.
Actually, we did sign one.
We signed one once, and we got burned by it.
It wasn't about reviews, though.
That's something else.
I'm not going to get into it now.
We're out of time.
It's an easy topic if we want to talk about that while we're not recording.
Okay, then.
We're going to turn off the mics and say, see you next week.
We'll be back.
Thank you, guys, very much for tuning in and supporting the show.
We love you guys.
Have a great week.
Bye, everyone.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is an Orange Lounge production.
To join us for a live show, visit www.allgames.com Sunday nights at 6 p.m. Pacific time.
The views and opinions expressed on Orange Lounge Radio do not necessarily reflect those
of the entire staff of Orange Lounge Radio or allgames.com, but we're probably right
anyway.
See you next week.
