Orange Lounge Radio
Who's your hosts?
DarkSakura
Sky and Lowkey
Tonight, March 4th, 2012
Could Valve be entering the home console market?
Some Sony titles are scheduled to be taken offline
and one 80's video game cartoon character is set for an all new series
Orange Lounge Radio
Hello my friends and welcome back to another week of Orange Lounge Radio
It's the show where every gamer has a voice
We are live with episode number 448 of our program on this March the 4th of 2012
March 4th, March 4th and join our chatroom at chat.orangeloungeradio.com
If you want to chat live with us
Crap
What? Crap what?
Today's my dad's birthday
Happy birthday DarkSakura's dad
By the way that is Jamie Summers also known as DarkSakura
I am Rob Roberts
Hi
Hi how are you?
What is Colonel Muster doing to Professor Plum on your shirt?
Oh you're talking about my shirt
In the library with the wrench?
The lovely Amanda sent me this shirt
I can't remember if it was Christmas or birthday
I think it was Christmas
And she was the raffle fairy if you saw the umlaut thing
She was the raffle fairy
And yeah she sent me this shirt and it's great
Get it? It's Professor Plum and Colonel Muster? Okay you'll take a picture and upload it on orangeloungeradio.com
I have seen that Woot shirt
Yeah I think it was a Woot shirt
It is a Woot shirt
Hey it's Techmaster Loki
What is up with everybody tonight? Everybody wants to just jump right in before I introduce them
That's alright
Professional radio at its best
I'm just a Woot shirt expert because I check that site all the time
And I'm very
I have to cut down on the amount of t-shirts that I buy because
You know I have a lot of t-shirts already
But damn there's so many good video game shirts there
Oh yeah
Is that, now do they let fans vote on shirts there or is that only Threadless that does that?
It's basically they, yeah they have a thing that they call
Well they have the Derby
It's usually a theme and then they'll create a shirt that wins that theme and then they'll be for sale
And they also have a thing called the Reckoning which
They have 20 shirts and they, people you know who buy them whatever shirts are more popular
Stay on the list and the ones that are not popular fall off the list and they get replaced next week
Gotcha
Alright
You know I would like the Woot shirts better though if I could get like
Better girly style shirts
Yeah they don't have like girl sizes or anything like that
So the Woot shirts end up just being ridiculous for me because I hate the way that regular t-shirts fit
Because for my ginormous
You got the boobies
Rack right
If I'm gonna get a shirt that's gonna fit me everywhere else it's gonna be too tight on the girls
Otherwise I look like you know it's the 80s and you wear your shirt all slouched out with the little clip on the side
No no no no
Maybe it's time to bring back that style you know sometimes old-fashioned makes comebacks
No
Okay okay how about that rat tail and members only jacket huh
Hey I actually wore a members only jacket to a Rocky Horror Show like
It was probably last year at some point because you know that kind of stuff's funny
Of course no one's gonna get that because they weren't in on that conversation
Alright look
Join our chat room chat.orangelaunchery.com
We are a live show we have been for going on almost 10 years now
And speaking of which Tiger Claw in our chat room starts us off tonight saying
Episode 448 you guys just have two more shows until you reach 450
Any plans for the big 450 show?
No I do
No that's not really a milestone
I don't yeah I don't see 450 as a milestone
It's like diet milestone
Especially when we have the 10 year coming up in
Three months
Yeah
A little over three months we still we haven't guys legit we have no idea what we're doing for the 10 year anniversary right now
I'm gonna address something right now to Raginator
Oh what's up
Nothing is going to get me to eat ham bacon and shellfish
Because I have something called principles
You did have
And it's not a whim
You didn't have that bacon milkshake but there was no real bacon in it
No and I tasted it
There's no real good in that either
They just took a vanilla milkshake and said hey we're gonna ruin this
So there's a difference between like getting a vegetarian to eat you know a piece of beef on a whim a dare
Rather than having someone break you know a religious tradition
Well if you want to piss off one of the hosts join our chat room chat.com or just launch radio.com
Say something offensive
Talking about woot shirts here
They've got like already on their reckoning right now here's the shirts that they have
Number 8 1985 the year of the plumber which you know has a bunch of Mario themed stuff on there
They've got number 11 which is hey listen which depicts Link falling asleep in class
And let's see here
They have a number 14 a lot of this is going around which is the arrow through the knee stuff
And it goes in the dark
And not really gaming related but they have the IT guys coat of arms which you know refresh reinstall reboot
I don't know it's just some awesome stuff on there
I do you know now I'm starting to sound like a commercial but I will say this I have found some good stuff on just the woot general site
Like that's where I got my Tron gaming mouse that I have for like 35 bucks and I think normally it's about $80
And I do check woot every day for the matching keyboard because I'm like if the mouse went on clearance then the keyboards got to go on clearance at some point
I'm just waiting and waiting and waiting I want that Tron keyboard
I got some jump drives off there once but I lost them all again
I bought like four of them too and I lost every single one of them all of them they're just like poof disappeared
I had one disintegrate on me but the other three were lost
Alright instead of talking about video game t-shirts let's get to video games and I want to kick off tonight talking a little bit about GDC
Game Developers Conference of course is a huge you know industry event that's happening just across the bridge over in San Francisco not far from us
And that kicks off this week I think Tuesday maybe Wednesday but a lot of people are starting to show up in town already for it
I'm a little bit unknowing to the specifics of GDC because I don't go it's not a media event they don't want media people there
It's really for game developers a great way to do some networking I know people in the industry that go to like look for new people
And you know hiring event especially with some of the bad news we've had lately in the industry
Like for example one story that didn't make our show roll tonight it's been a big pretty big deal in the industry this week
Blizzard laid off 600 people this week unfortunately so you know with the change and you know how these subscriber loss and wow
And the fact that Diablo 3 is pretty much in the can and what have you they unfortunately laid off 600 people
But the good news or I mean the whatever possible good news you can make of that
The upside?
Yeah the upside let's put it that way the upside is that hey GDC is this week so maybe some of those folks can you know take their resumes up to GDC and do some networking
And you never know what you might find so that might be you know some some good to come out of all that so it's a great networking event
But in the past couple years it does seem like big things have come out of it and there have been some big media things
And I even remember one year in particular I think it was about two years ago one of those networks Spiker G4 actually covered a Sony press conference
To talk all about the move and they had released quite a bit of details about the move at GDC
And now this year kind of leading into GDC we're starting to hear little rumblings about you know SimCity 5 information is apparently leaked to the web and you know that is supposed to be happening
There's the Valve thing we'll talk about in a minute I'm sure is on everybody's mind but do you think there's going to be any whopper of news at GDC this year?
As far as announcements go I don't think so I mean maybe I don't know if Nintendo's gonna be showing any Wii U stuff I don't think Nintendo's there but it would be cool if they were
They've shown little tidbits in the past like I want to say wasn't the Mario 3D game first revealed like the logo was first at GDC and it showed the raccoon tail like that that came out of last year's GDC
I thought that was Tokyo Game Show
And then the whole something about a Pikmin game is what turned into Mario Sunshine or something my memory's a little fuzzy on that but I seem to remember something about the Pikmin series ended up becoming something else
Maybe somebody in chat will remember but Nintendo has dropped little tidbits like that Miyamoto did a keynote one year I seem to recall
I mean I hope there's some cool stuff that we'll see out of that there's just a lot of different events going on around the same time you know I mean I don't think we're gonna see a lot from Sony especially on the Vita
Because they have their own kind of event for that we're not gonna probably I would hope I would hope we'd see something on the Wii U because I mean yeah they're gonna show some stuff at E3 but like for developers they kind of have to say hey here's what we have because you're gonna have to make some games for this
Yeah you might see a little more about the Wii U controller but even that I think is a real stretch like I just from what I'm hearing is that the Wii U stuff is you know changing as is the next Xbox 360 or whatever it's called the lube or whatever the next system is is evolving
And that's normal that's nothing unheard of you know all the systems change right up to the last minute so I don't see any sense in bringing out this big to do here's the system specs when that's what E3 is gonna be about
Yeah E3 you know Nintendo's got to bring it to this year's E3 and it's gonna be just a full on this is the Wii U this is the final prototype this these are the games that are coming out this holiday that is what you have to see from Nintendo at this year's E3
You have to so what's interesting to me though is that it would have been a good opportunity for them to do this whole last story reveal and all that stuff that kind of came out last week with their but they did their own thing so whatever
One other question I want to ask about Game Developers Conference you know what it really is more about is getting to sit in and hear from seasoned game designers about you know how they think about game design and so on
Like I know something that you might see like you would see through Nintendo would be talking about their new Nintendo network or whatever that they're gonna have the infrastructure for that
That's a great thought
Because it's more stuff that's gonna be catered towards okay here's what we can do for you for development we're gonna allow you to patch your games I know this new technology that's first available now on Nintendo
You know what if Nintendo is gonna be doing something with independent development perhaps like think something like Xbox indie games I know
Well to be fair I know we got one bit of bad news about indie games on the 3DS tonight but VVVVVV Cave Story you know there are some pretty good titles on the 3DS
I understand that but I think that they'd be worried that someone's gonna trump them at their own game and to be honest yeah there's a lot of indie developers that could make another Mario game or another you know Zelda or something of that caliber
And they wouldn't want it you know taking away the thunder of some of their own stuff
Well just piggybacking on your thought because I think it's a good thought if Nintendo is gonna do anything for the indie developers I think it's gonna come out at GDC I think there's no better time to announce something like that I think that's a great thought
So we'll see
I would like to see Microsoft do something with the indie games you know I mean it's there's a lot of games on there it'd be nice to promote stuff
If there's gonna be an overhaul at all this would be the great time to do it
Changes in Sony Home although they just really did a bunch of that so I don't think that could be it but that was the PlayStation Home was all revealed at GDC some time ago about three or four years ago
I'm not sure what else Sony you know maybe something we haven't thought of yet maybe something with the Vita maybe developing who knows
Let me ask this question though I was about to ask this and you jumped in
GDC is really about kind of hearing from the season developers and you know what they their methods of game design and so forth if you could go to GDC and listen to one developer talk who would you want to hear lecture at GDC
Anybody? Dark Sakura? Loki? Who would you want to go to GDC and see?
Kojima
Kojima why is that just because he's a badass
Pretty badass well honestly I'd like to get some of the classic you know developers there to lecture the new school on how the old school did it like you know Yuji Naka or Yu Suzuki you know
Get the get the you know the the guys who pretty much revolutionized video games you know without them we wouldn't have any of this today so I think that's I would want to see the the old guard pass on the baton to the new guard with some good advice
And not necessarily in terms of announcing anything new I want to see them say you know you need to remember all of this in mind and stop putting out crap that's pretty much it
I'd just like to see anybody talk about Grand Theft Auto 5 I don't care who it is just somebody show me some stuff and talk about it you know they could be like and here's we have footage wise go
Black Wolf in our chat room says Tim Schafer you know especially with all that's going on with the Kickstarter and all that I'd love to hear well I guess I guess the people that paid for that are going to hear about that first we will hear about it at GDC
You know who I wouldn't like to hear from David Jaffe you wouldn't like to hear from David Jaffe
Let me talk about how important Twisted Metal is I don't care
My dream would be Sid Meier you know because I have made it no secret on the show I am a big fan of all things Civilization but it's not even just that like I think I would like to go to a Sid Meier panel where he talks about covert action really wasn't that bad of a game
Because it wasn't and even Sid Meier thinks covert action they tried to do too much old school PC game it was great I'm not going to get into specifics but that would be the panel I'd want to see covert action it wasn't that bad you did hear though that he's got some sort of input on the new XCOM game
I didn't hear about that Hey we got this problem we need your help and so that's kind of cool Oh act deft brings up Mizuguchi that's a great one I am a whore for all things Q entertainment I'm unapologetically on the show
Actually, Maya, one true love, Igarashi I knew it I was surprised you didn't say that for sure You know what would be cool is if we saw Harmonix there talking about something because they're cooking something up right now I don't really know what
You know GDC is not a media thing it's not really the time to announce your new games your new platforms not even platforms your new like integrated services your new services yes your new games not so much so alrighty Black Wolf in our chat room says I've seen a Sid Meier talk you know rub it in Black Wolf
Bobby Black Wolf of course before us live at all games radio five o'clock Pacific is when he does his show we're on at six Sunday nights Black Wolf says Will Wright's talks are really really really spastic and all over the place Will Wright has like 500 PowerPoint slides for a one hour talk and I'm not exaggerating
You know I will say this, I was fortunate enough one year to see remember when Spore I remember that we got to go see Will Wright demoing it and was that Will Wright demoing it? I completely forgot that Oh yeah, we didn't see the one where it was Robin Williams demoing it I would have rather see the Robin Williams one I loved seeing Will Wright demo it I was like it was his it was his game
and what happened to that game I mean seriously funny enough I think it's a lot of what I said about covert action a minute ago I also think Spore was not that bad but it just tried to do too much it tried to be 17 different games in one it just didn't didn't work out so well
but I loved watching them talk about it you know developers have such a passion for their games you know it's they can even like crappy games like I would watch the guys who made Fusion Frenzy on Xbox 360 or no Fusion Frenzy 2 excuse me the really bad one on 360 I'd watch them talk about their game because they'd be at least enthusiastic about it Barbie Horse Adventures. Heck yeah
you know what what this was at a classic gaming Expo a few years back actually the one that we were all at I got to see a bunch of the Atari guys talking about developing for the how they were it was all vector based and everything and just listening to those guys reminisce and tease each other and talk about the little bits of code they were able to sneak in and like having hardly any room to sneak it in with and that was really cool and I like hearing about all the behind the scenes stuff
those guys were fucking rock stars because you have to remember some of those early games were one dude Yars revenge was Howard Scott Warshaw he also did ET but you know forgive him David Crane did some of the early I think he did like slot machine on Atari which you know and say what you will about it but it was an early game but then meeting the guys that did Robotron and you know and also and he's he's a man I've actually had a long conversation with a few times is
he did a lot of the Williams pinball tables was Steve Ritchie really nice guy he did a lot of the voices for no fear and Black Knight and listening to him talk about developing just the pinball tables about the physics that go into and everything I like hearing about that enthusiasm
you know maybe no one else is as into it as they are but it's but their enthusiasm is contagious somebody is if they have these pinball expos across the country yeah but I'm just saying go ahead is even if you're not as interested in it as they are they're still contagious their enthusiasm is contagious absolutely Loki
speaking of you know that I actually watched it was a translated video of the guys doing the urinal games at Sega and talking about them and how enthusiastic was and it's no it's seriously it's funny they have like I mean they have a good sense of humor about it
like yeah we know this is weird but you know hey we're developing so with that in mind I'd actually want to see the people like I'd want to hear from the guys they were developing these arcade games like the really weird arcade games in Japan like the ones read the flip the table over
I want to see what the motivation for that I mean that's just amazing or like Tetris with a giant fucking controller I mean that that's just awesome it does sound awesome I like that table flipping game oh my god why won't the arcades here get that it's like it's a one joke pony but damn it's a good joke it's a joke that won't get old
I man if only had the resources. Alright let's get into our gaming weeks we talked a lot about GDC which is great I want to talk about the video games we've been playing this week you know just talking to the crew a little bit before the show it sounds like we had a bit of a classic a little bit of a retro week but let's go around and see what folks have been playing Dark Sakura
I've been playing the shit out of Sonic CD. What'd I tell you? Heck yeah well okay I didn't really play the shit out of it I played like four full levels of Sonic CD. What brought on the Sonic CD urge? Um last night I was looking at Steam I was like holy shit it's on Steam bye and then Dan yelled at me today he's like why are you buying games we already have? That happens a lot on Steam. Oh yeah like he should talk I mean come on.
What? Buying games that you guys already have. I'm actually trying to think about that. How many versions of Strider do you own? A Castlevania Symphony of the Night. Technically the only reason that we have another version of the first Strider is because it came with Strider 2. So that right there. We also have Strider on Genesis and we have the next Strider which is a different game.
I apologize if I'm blending shows together I might have brought this up last week but I loved what you posted on Facebook you posted on Dan's wall and it was Strider NES. It wasn't that bad. I think we brought it up last week. Yeah it was a Capcom blog.
Show us Blur together. Dan says it's a decent game I mean I've read some of the Strider Hiryu manga which is what that game is based off of. What I never realized about the Strider NES game is that damn there really is some assets they just ripped right off of Bionic Commando and DuckTales.
Like you can see some of the assets right in that game it's amazing. What's Scrooge McDuck doing in there? How come Hiryu is using a cane to jump over little things on the moon? They should have had the moon music play in some of the levels just for fun.
That would have been great. At any rate I told them flat out I wanted the Japanese soundtrack because someone did a version of Sonic CD basically using all sprite rips and everything and the Japanese soundtrack and it's like a brand new Sonic CD.
I'll try to find it and put it on our tumblr but you can download the whole thing burn it and it will play on a Sega CD. But I mean that was Dan's point we've got it on the Sega CD why do we need to have this other one I don't care if it's got better music.
Because it does have better music. Except for the intro and outro it's no lyrics. It's just instrumental. I was like BOO.
But anyway I also played I actually was going to play Sebastian and then I was like no. I did find Blue Dragon.
The girl changed her mind. The girl alt tabbed to a different game instead.
I actually did play a lot of WoW but I sort of like.
Addict.
Dealer who's been on every time I've been on.
Just because I was home sick one day this week alright.
And then last night and we should run a dungeon. Yes we should.
Well we did.
It was fun.
Anyway even though I hate Olde Man.
Anyway.
But I sort of like I had been hitting this kind of rut like where I would log on to an alt like check my box and then I'm like okay I'm done.
Log. Shut up. My auction. My mailbox.
And then I would log on to another one and go I'm done.
And then log on to another one and go I'm done.
And then just sit on my main chatting with people. Like I wasn't even playing I just used to be talking to people.
And finally I got on the Drendon Gyaru.
Who is going to be dressed like a hoe bag once she's 85.
Because she's a gal.
And decided I actually really like Shadow Priest now.
So I just been I kind of got my love for the game back instead of just you know chatting with people.
And also a really good friend of mine I found out is on there. And so I've been chatting with her.
Sometimes it does just take a change of scenery or a change of character.
And this is you know true of any MMO.
You know I know our frame of reference as well but any MMO.
Like you know things unfortunately were starting to get a little stale on the alliance side where I was playing.
Because no one was ever on but you and maybe Jon.
And then we weren't raiding anymore so it's like well I'll go try this mage over here.
And raid you know and it's kind of reinvigorated like oh now I have something to do in the game.
Well we actually have been invited for raiding with another guild now.
There's an open invitation.
Oh nice.
So if we actually want to do alliance raids we've got people.
I'll play more offline.
Alright.
And then I was I'm actually going to be on Tuesday night.
Or actually Tuesday during the day before my yoga class I'm logging on to Star Trek Online.
To find my Scotsman.
And I'm going to be having one day a week at Star Trek Online.
Because they miss me.
It's been a year and a half and they miss me.
Does anybody yell out you know.
She can't handle anymore captain.
It doesn't have the power.
It's funny they're all they're mostly architects.
When the football place the dome collapsed.
They were all in team speak talking about it.
Huh.
Like I bet it was cheaply made.
I bet you know they should fire their architect and you know like they probably just did it that way because it's America and we build everything cheap.
Nothing is built to last here geez.
So that's coming up so I've actually been doing some stuff to get my game ready and they're starting episode five.
I think it's episode five yeah.
A new episode's coming out I think in a week.
So yeah I've been pretty excited about that.
And they made a lot of changes to DS9.
Like I mentioned it before but you can go in the captain's office and there's a lot of cool stuff in there.
And then I played Luminous over here last week.
I think I mentioned that.
And then just that's about it.
All right.
But I've had a little bit more diverse in the gaming week.
Good times.
Loki how about you?
How was your gaming week?
I didn't play hardly anything.
Luminous I played that actually for at least a couple hours this week.
Same game too.
Well one game was an hour.
The one I still have paused right now.
So I've been playing that.
And I downloaded the demo for Reality Fires which I hear is really terrible but you know it's a demo.
I'm free.
I don't want to try it so hopefully I'll try that this week.
Really I mean aside from playing a little bit of Grand Theft Auto while working on mod stuff still.
Because I've been working on one since like a year ago and I want to get it done.
So I don't have to work on it anymore.
Call of Duty.
Call of Duty 4 Modern Warfare.
I played that this week.
Played it with my life because we had a bet going that if I lost a game between Wednesday and Friday.
That I'd have to publicly apologize at our company meetings or party whatever you want to call it on the microphone to everybody.
But fortunately I'm that good so I didn't have to.
All I apologize for at the end of the last...
Did you get something out of it?
No all I did at the very end of it is I just apologize for them sucking so bad.
Yeah they're rubbing it.
No it's just fun.
I'm just playing with them.
I understand their frustration. It seems like I'm kind of...
So humble.
Crazy sometimes. Well I try to be fair.
They claim shenanigans but there's no such thing.
That's about it.
Alright my gaming week.
I had an interesting gaming week.
I didn't really play a lot of new new stuff.
Maybe a little Final Fantasy 13 too.
I'm continuing to play WoW as Star Saga mentioned earlier.
But I went back and rediscovered some old stuff that I just skipped.
And one of them you guys are seriously going to laugh at me.
But you know what? We don't have time to play everything.
He's playing Barbie Pony Adventure.
I'm not playing Barbie Pony Adventure. Shut up.
But I am playing Uncharted.
The first one from 2007.
Yes I finally started getting into the Uncharted series this week.
Why?
I don't know. I was bored.
Alan had a copy of the game on the shelf.
And I was like, you know what? I finally need to play Uncharted.
Everybody seems to love this game. I'm going to play this game.
Now granted I am fully aware that the series really takes off on Uncharted 2 and 3.
But I can't play Uncharted 2 until I play Uncharted 1.
So I played Uncharted 1.
I like the storytelling a lot in it.
Obviously this is the strength of the series I gather from people as a whole.
The camera and controls kind of bug me a little bit.
Like I really want to spin the camera ways it doesn't want to go sometimes.
But other than those little quirks, which I think is the same complaint you probably heard about this game five years ago when it was new.
But other than those little things I'm really into the story.
And I'm having fun with it.
So I definitely want to play more of Uncharted and possibly beat it.
We'll see depending on what a busy game playing schedule I do or don't have this month.
The other game I've been playing a bit of, which is also at least three years old if not like four.
I got ModNation Racers this week.
I'm not talking the Vita one. I'm talking the PlayStation 3 one.
I got ModNation Racers on PlayStation 3 for like $17 used.
There's a great little local chain we have here called Dimple here in Sacramento.
And they have all sorts of used games.
Because they have Super Nintendo games, Dreamcast games, and Atari 2600 games.
Which is awesome.
The only unfortunate thing is that the Super Nintendo games.
Because we have a Super Nintendo hooked up to our TV and it still works great.
But the only games I tend to find are like old sports games.
Are the only things I like very rarely.
I did see Pilotwings today and I don't have a copy of Pilotwings.
And I was really tempted.
But then I saw ModNation Racers for $17 and I was like I've wanted this game for a while.
I don't want to give you my full impressions on ModNation Racers because PlayStation Network has been down all day.
And that's what I've been playing most of the day while Alan was doing another podcast in the computer room.
So I haven't been able to connect online.
So that's kind of the most essential part of the game.
But with the offline mode I didn't realize I had all these silly little cut scenes and things.
It's definitely got heavy little big planet influence when it comes to exactly how you like customize your character and all that.
But you know I have fun with it.
The controls are a little weird when driving.
It's a little different than Mario Kart.
I expected it to be a total clone.
But no they have like a button for drifting which is weird.
I can't think of another racing game off the top of my head that's had like a specific button for drifting which is strange.
But I'm into it.
And I think the creation part will be fun later.
So yeah there you go.
So I've had kind of a renaissance week I guess if you want to call 2007 and 2009 or 10 whenever ModNation Racers came out.
Renaissance.
Renaissance.
Which happened smack dab in the middle of Freddily.
We're humans with day jobs. We sometimes miss big games.
I want a day job.
Somebody hire me.
But you've been doing a lot of volunteer stuff so.
Okay.
Keeping yourself busy.
Alright let's move on to some quick housekeeping.
I just want to quickly plug our Facebook at facebook.com slash orange lounge radio.
We're also on Google Plus at Orange Lounge Radio and also Twitter. OLR on Twitter.
Keep in mind you can always find different places to interact with OLR in our community on our website at www.orangeloungeradio.com.
Up in the upper right hand corner is a box called extended play.
And you'll see logos for all big social networking sites.
And it helps you find other Orange Lounge Radio listeners.
And OLR listeners really are the best people because everybody in our little community really subscribes to the theory of don't be a dick when you're playing games online.
So if you want to play with people who aren't assholes I really urge you to play with the OLR because it's a really great bunch of people.
There's steam community. There's you know Xbox threads and all that stuff.
So find some OLR fans and play some games.
Alright let's talk about the news.
Loki's going to start us off with a whopper.
Yeah apparently there's a lot of rumors going around saying that Valve is working on a steam box gaming console.
And that it's something that might be announced at GDC this week.
Lots and lots and lots of rumors kind of regarding that.
The first thing was that there was some sort of like coming from this website The Verge.
Basically it's not necessarily going to be a console or it can be a console but it's also like a framework.
So you know other companies if you will can manufacture something to those specs and it will be compatible with the console.
Because it's going to be like a PC.
The hardware they're seeing right now is currently an Intel Core i7 with 8 gigs of RAM and an Nvidia GPU.
And I guess any devices that are built to those standards will run any PC title and will support any other digital distribution platform like EA's Origin service and stuff like that.
So it sounds like it's almost like some sort of you know digital distribution box which makes sense because that's what Steam is.
Also they're you know talking about that they had some sort of different controllers and stuff that they were working on.
One that kind of looks a little bit like I guess that MLG pad that they have from Mad Catz.
The one with the swappable D-pads and analog sticks and stuff like that.
So they're going to have some sort of framework or a controller that would allow you to do that.
Where you'd be able to have okay I want an analog stick.
Okay no I want a joystick you know like an arcade joystick or something like that instead.
Or I want something else.
So that's kind of neat.
The other thing they're saying also that well actually there's some photos that maybe have leaked out of this as well.
Coming from a Twitter account that was one of the Valve employees Greg Coomer apparently from back in November 2nd he's all built this tiny PC an i7 quad core 8 gigs of RAM and a Zotac Z68 motherboard with onboard Nvidia mobile graphics.
Runs Portal 2 fast.
Well isn't that convenient that all those specs happen in the match up with the rumors were.
And you know it would be small enough almost looks like well it's a micro or mini ITX box.
So you know it's like an Apple TV size with Wi-Fi and stuff like that.
So I mean I could see something like that happening.
God can you imagine if that was like an Apple thing.
Not necessarily oh Steam Box but it's Apple Steam Box or something like that.
I don't know. I would think Apple would want to focus on something that ties into its own thing.
You know for forever I would think that they would open up the game store to work on Apple TV and I think a lot of people have been wondering about that.
Well we may get that announcement this week isn't there like some big iPad.
Yeah there's the iPad 3 but I don't see that.
So yeah there's definitely some hints or whatever coming from that Twitter account that they're working on some sort of console device or something like that.
So lots of rumored stuff right now and of course you have pictures of the controller.
And you know this is coming from some patents that are out there.
Video game controller having user swappable control components.
So interesting that might be something like that.
You know it's interesting that one of the first and I heard Bobby talk about this on his show too.
And I got to admit one of the first things that came to my mind when I read about this was the Phantom console.
It was talked about E3 it was kind of a laughing stock but in some ways it wasn't all that different.
The Phantom was a little PC box it was all digital distribution.
The one thing though that really killed it and why people were like no thanks was that they wanted to charge a fee to just have the damn box.
And then charge for the games on top of that and I definitely don't see a steam box doing that.
But otherwise this concept isn't totally new.
This is going to be more like on live where they have their streaming box and the controller and stuff like that and then you use their service.
I think this could be something similar that I don't I don't know if it's going to be something that you're streaming content with.
Although I could see them doing some sort of streaming service or whatever.
But I think this is more of a digital distribution where you download it and this thing is powerful enough to run most games.
At least I would hope.
I don't know with a mobile graph a mobile Nvidia chip I mean I guess it's possible.
I mean hell I have a mobile you know Nvidia chip in my laptop and it can run most you know games and it's really hot doing so but it can do it.
So and this is actually pretty old.
Then at least the chip is the whole thing would just be very interesting because you're legitimately just selling somebody a PC that hooks up to their television which you know like I know a dark sacrifice house they already have one and I've seen a lot of and most PCs would hook up to a TV nowadays.
Most of them have if it's got HDMI.
Yeah if it's got dedicated graphics card they always have HDMI out.
It's just all in the marketing most people don't think to do that.
Yeah you know and I'm like for real that's I mean what is this box giving us that a lot of laptops.
But that's the thing though is with the specs though basically okay you need to have this much RAM this much processing power this kind of chip release this you know as low as this chip and then basically I can just download the software.
Oh wait that's steam and I can play games.
So yeah which I can play steam on my TV.
Yeah, you know ready.
At first I just kind of looked at this like whatever I don't think this is as big of a deal as people make it out to be but then the more I thought about it I was thinking what if this is what they've been saving half life three for what if this is the way to get half life three.
And that would be the huge what I mean my God they could sell an entire console at a one game if there's any game in the world that could push a console by itself it would be half life three.
All you have to do announce half life three is going to be the pack in game for this console or it's going to be exclusive window 90 day.
This thing's going to sell like a mother.
That has to put a keyboard and mouse attachments, because I mean seriously, it's a PC it's a PC any USB keyboard or USB slot you're set there.
I don't, that would just be a very dick move.
But the thing is so with the specs, I mean less they're making some actual proprietary boards or something like that which they could be but I don't think they are. I mean, you can't really you could almost like say okay give me the part list and I'll build on myself,
you know what I mean.
Go to our channel and figure it out though, go to our chat room at chat that orange on twitter.com Tiger class as valve should totally make a special edition steam box shaped like the weighted companion cube.
Talk about another way to sell a ton of homes, just make them cute.
I mean come on that's going to be one of the first it's a case mod for a mic, a micro, you know, it x PC or something like that. You can seriously just most of the case mods out there are like the hell I put one in an Xbox.
Although then I broke the motherboard, few weeks back but I had one in an Xbox at one point.
At depth in our chat room says be hazard on an HDTV is glorious.
Yes, a lot of games look really good on the TV just because you know it's it's got a different way of the way it's kind of projects the images than a monitor just you know a lot of games look really good, especially when it's a huge TV.
Derek H takes a different position in our chat room saying no non PC gamer knows what half life is. It's no Mario hell, it ain't even Sonic. That's not true.
I was, yeah, I was, are you thinking why I'm thinking the orange box. Yeah, orange box did have half life. I knew a lot of people who have only ever heard of half life.
When the orange box came out, I have to admit, I knew what half life was but I didn't play it till I played the orange box. So take that for what it is, but I think I do get the point of and I think this might more be the point.
Why would people that are fans of a primarily PC franchise you know as much as half life was in the orange, orange box is still primarily a PC franchise. How, why, why would those people jump ship to buy a new console.
Now here's the thing, I would buy a console or we probably get pick up multiple consoles, if they were cheap enough, you know if they were somehow getting some sort of discount on the parts and everything where they can manufacture it cheaper than I can build it myself.
You know then that way, oh hey, I can buy PC versions of like Call of Duty or something like that on Steam and we can just play that instead of having to buy a console or whatever.
And you know since there's really small form factor I mean that would be pretty awesome.
You know and I will say again I'm just fueling fanboy fire by my suggestion at half life 3 but it's kind of you know if Valve was going to do what everybody else did it would make sense but we can just hope that Valve wouldn't do something like that.
But no matter what it would sure make a sweet showcase game wouldn't it. If nothing else show off the power. Anyhow.
I just don't see it happening. I mean I would love for them to prove me wrong and then I can just go see you know watch them flop.
I mean yeah half life 3 would sell to the core half life fans but you know before long they try to figure out some way to get it to run on the PC.
You know they try to find ways to, basically if it is going to be a PC they try to find some way of hacking it.
And I don't you know again my whole thing was just like maybe like a 90 day window but you know yeah if this thing is just a PC then you know that would be kind of it wouldn't work.
But you know I'm just throwing out ideas and keep in mind.
They already it took them. They you know PlayStation emulation happened on PCs.
Anything that will run on a disk or in some digital format people have tried to emulate on a PC regardless so someone's going to figure it out.
I think they would they might just realize that.
All right well who knows maybe we'll see something about it at E3 this year that would be the time to show off a new console.
Speaking of E3 there's some rumors this week that the Wii U is going to have its price revealed at E3.
I mean it has to have its price revealed at E3.
But the rumors this week are exactly what that price is set to be.
An unnamed source you gotta love those guys disgruntled employee or something told the site Wii U daily that the Wii U will retail for $299.99 when it comes into North America after E3.
I think that's just an educated guess.
$299 in the US, $299 in Europe, 20,000 yen in Japan.
Nintendo has stated before that they're going to try to price it like it's the 360 of the PlayStation 3.
I talked last week on the show about why it cannot be more than $450.
I think $299 sounds a lot more reasonable for what Nintendo is trying to do here.
And I'm kind of with you Loki this is not I could say an unnamed source told Orange Lounge Radio that and that would be a pretty darn good risk to take.
I mean $299 is a really good educated guess.
Because I mean Wii U daily no offense no one's really heard of you.
You know if you get it correct then like oh hey look we said it first if you get it wrong no one's gonna remember that you said that.
Well yes and we can tell you from first hand because this very show used to blow the lid on something and nobody knew who we were and we knew we were right.
But by the time it was announced nobody cared you know so it happens.
Crush 3D or Crush 3D is cancelled by the way.
What?
It's a Sega game Crush 3D.
What the hell's that I don't even remember.
It's a 3DS game they just put demo out for they're not publishing it anymore.
Wait wait wait where did that come from?
Why would they put a demo out if it's been cancelled?
That doesn't make any sense.
Lots of demos come out for games that end up not happening.
I guess but I don't know it just seems like the whole.
Well it's not now maybe later.
It could possibly be that the demo was just a way to gauge interest.
I guess they said they were gonna do that for Mega Man at one point.
And the demo didn't even come out for that.
That's true.
Wait I have a little more on the Wii U.
There may have already been some changes to the Wii U.
There's some diagrams that are circulating out there on the internet.
The original design of the Wii U had like a raised analog stick.
But apparently this new one has those more flat circle pads.
I thought they always have the circle pads.
Like you see on the DS or on the 3DS excuse me.
A NeoGAF forum poster did this.
Which you know I gotta say NeoGAF there are a lot of industry types that hang out there.
So they tend to be a little more on the right direction than maybe a website you never heard of with an unnamed source.
Rumor is that Nintendo could have leaked it themselves to see how the community feels about it.
Which isn't beyond the realm of possibility and that would be an excellent.
NeoGAF would be an excellent place to do it.
And apparently two diagrams out there.
It would make sense that we have two circle pads to coincide with the redesigned 3DS with two circle pads that will eventually be coming.
I mean that's just like saying you know tomorrow is Monday.
Um I don't really know how I feel about one or the other.
I think I'm a slight I mean I don't hate the circle pads.
But I think I'm a slight more fan of the analog sticks.
Because you can grab the analog sticks too you don't just have to use them with your thumb.
But sometimes for classic games I'll actually kind of pinch the stick and use it that way.
And you can't do that with a circle pad.
It's harder to kind of I don't know there's like less resistance on this.
It's like going from an NES pad to the NES Max.
I don't even remember I know what the NES Max is but boy oh boy.
What about the NES Advantage?
Advantage well that's a joystick.
I know.
So that's not so bad but the Max had that round slidey thing and ugh.
Yuck.
So well there you go some rumors about the Wii U.
That was only good for versions of Street Fighter.
We will see at E3 I'm sure.
So let's move on Dark Sakura.
Some crap happened and then things happened in the end.
No I'm kidding.
Um there is that Capcom Namco Sega 3DS game.
Well they've got teasers out in the form of chromosomes.
And they're specially colored chromosomes.
And for people who don't know what chromosomes look like they look like weird disjointed X's.
There's your biology lesson.
They hang from the ceilings in a lot of science classrooms.
Yeah they do.
In my science classroom my teacher had like a model.
No we had pencils hanging from our ceilings.
She also collected Coke cans which is an interesting hobby.
Weird.
Not like Coca-Cola but all the different types like everything that had ever been discontinued.
Like a crystal Pepsi can up on the wall.
She was an interesting character.
She also collected cocaine which is also weird.
I don't want to slander anyone on this program but maybe.
My papa collected Alabama football Coke bottles.
So he has Bear Bryant foot bottles.
I'm sure people relatively know who Bear Bryant was.
Yeah I've heard of the old school bottle bottle collecting.
Class bottle collecting.
Anyway back to Namco Sega Capcom Die.
So these are all colored specially and there's some speculation as to what these colors are indicating.
Like one of them is from Namco maybe a Klonoa one it's blue and yellow.
From Capcom there is one that's definitely zero colored and the fact that it's red and gold with a little green and a little blue and a little white.
Which definitely is the distribution on zeros colors.
And a Bayonetta one for Sega one that's all mostly black and sexy.
So could this be a weird as an ex become sexy.
It's time.
So it would be black and sexy.
It doesn't matter what it is it's Bayonetta.
Could this be some weird.
I mean either now we're looking at weird ass fighting game Mario or Mario Smash Brothers type thing.
It's a breeding game or.
Seriously it's like Pokemans.
What about like a platformer type of thing.
No I think it's a breeding game.
A breeding game.
Three companies got together to come up with a freaking breeding game.
You can have like Bayonetta and Zero get it on and have Baya Zero.
Well Sega is in this.
No thank you.
Perhaps we're going to race these characters derby style.
It's probably a fucking kart racer.
I don't think so I don't think so.
Honestly I kind of see like okay if you could have.
Alright think in terms of Soul Calibur how you can make your own custom characters.
If you could have you know pick the best bits of different you know stock characters for these companies.
And then make your own fighting game character that you would upload and share on the internet.
Oh god do not steal my ideas all of you companies.
And we'll call it Mega Man universe and then we'll cancel it.
This is just an idea that just suddenly popped through my head that would be I thought would be cool.
What if it's like somebody actually made a game out of Super Mario crossover but it's not Mario.
What if it's a puzzle game.
Bayonetta and Mario Brothers that'd be weird.
It's called Puzzle Zone.
Not get Mario Brothers out of your head but the whole crossover like Bayonetta ends up in a Mega Man universe.
The only thing that here's the thing.
It was Mega Man universe.
Okay well here's the game.
There's only one game that kind of reminds me of this and once again the name escapes me but it was for the.
I want to say the PlayStation 2 and it was a crossover game with I want to say Bandai and Hudson.
So you had Barbie versus Solid Snake versus Bomberman versus you know Optimus Prime.
I played that at some anime convention. I think that was like.
No I had.
And keep in mind there's always been this Robot Tyson.
The Robot Wars games that have you know multiple series worth of you know you have Evangelions versus Gundams.
And this was a Japanese announcement.
Right. So it could be something you know that's more what we'd see in that market versus what we see.
DNA Fighter.
You know whatever.
I don't know I just I feel like why another fighting game.
No it doesn't have to be a fighting game. Remember Namco Cross Capcom.
Tactical strategy game.
Right right right.
That failed. Twice.
So maybe they'll do that.
Rama in our chat room says Peach and Daisy dress like Bayonetta.
I think I think that's how you pronounce that.
That's how you pronounce that.
But Nintendo is not really involved.
It is on.
It is on the 3DS but it's not a Nintendo wasn't involved as one of the companies so I don't know.
It's probably just a fucking kart racer I'm going with that.
If not I like I like the idea of a Pokemon game starring Bayonetta.
All right let's move on.
Gotta whip them all.
Dream Mix TV World Fighters was the game I was thinking of.
That game was kind of derpy.
Orange Right said it in chat too. There it is.
It was a Nintendo GameCube game.
But I believe it was also PlayStation 2.
There was one on the DS too.
Twinbee in it.
Twinbee is great.
This is just fan wanks.
Let's get to something else.
All right.
So Sony is going to be announcing some new Vita stuff probably pretty soon.
Actually this week.
March 9th they're going to be holding their own live streaming Vita reveal event.
Kind of sounds like something Nintendo did last week.
Or the week before last.
At some point.
On the day that the Vita came out.
Yes on the day the Vita came out.
Nintendo doesn't have any games coming out on the 9th.
Oh wait they have one.
Wait. No they don't have anything.
Just remind me because Mario Party 9 is coming out next week.
But yeah.
Anyways so they're going to be announcing some stuff.
It's supposed to happen.
I guess at 6am Eastern.
So hope you're up early or like me I'm just going to wake up and read the news the next day.
The 24 hour news sites will be all over this to see whoever can post it first.
So you know it will be out by the time we roll out of bed.
And translated and all that good stuff.
Well I mean we know that there are a lot of games in the pipeline for Vita.
Because when they announced it they were talking about all these freaking games.
Like you know that was like 100 games.
So you know maybe more information about Final Fantasy 10.
Reimagining and some of these other things we've heard about it.
Yeah Metal Gear Solid HD Collection will be this summer.
So that's kind of cool.
They got like first party games coming out.
Nothing for really April yet.
But for May and June they've got that covered already.
First party titles.
I guess because kind of in March they have a few first party titles coming out.
Well I think we're going to hear through the summer.
And then maybe a couple teasers for holiday.
And then E3 is when they really blow the lid off of holiday games.
So I think this conference is really about the summer.
And I think it's really a way for Sony to reinforce.
Hey we're not abandoning the Vita.
We're going to have this constant stream of games.
LittleBigPlanet they haven't said a lot about and it's out really soon.
It doesn't have an official street date yet.
But right now it's hovering at the end of March, maybe April.
So that would be a good April title because there's nothing in April right now.
I think that's the game you're going to hear more about at this event for sure.
LittleBigPlanet, that's a must buy for sure.
So they have a lot of stuff coming out.
It's just going to be exciting.
Hopefully it's more exciting than Motorstar Marcy which looks like crap.
This might also be where they're going to unveil that they made the PlayStation games backwards compatible.
Finally? Maybe? Question mark?
You know, big feature announcement? Question mark? Possibly? Hopefully?
PlayStation 2? Okay now I'm pushing it.
You never know though right?
You never know.
Alright well speaking of PlayStation 2, there's some games you're not going to be able to play much longer.
Some Sony games.
Some Sony games are having their servers closed on March 29th of this year.
Sony Online Entertainment.
I actually don't think all of these are PS2 games but I know EverQuest Online Adventures is closing.
I totally forgot that this game was on the PlayStation 2 but it was kind of like a spinoff of the main EverQuest game.
Well if you're a fan of this game you'll no longer be able to play it after March 29th, 2012.
The other games that are going away, I honest to god have never heard of any of these.
Cosmic Rift, Infantry, and Star Chamber the Harbinger Saga.
I've heard of Cosmic Rift. I couldn't tell you what it is.
It's kind of...
Well let me look.
But uh, I've heard of it.
Yeah.
I honestly thought that all the games on PlayStation 2 had their servers shut off a long time ago.
Like you know when Amplitude went down and all the old sports games.
Are you talking about there's still PS2 games coming out?
Cosmic Rift is a two dimensional massively multiplayer video game designed by lead programmer Jeff Peterson.
It is a science fiction universe.
It is provided as part of the Station Pass through Sony Online Entertainment.
This is a Windows game.
It was released open beta April 2001 and it's completely free to play as of June 26th, 2011.
But now they're shutting it down.
So it looks kind of like an old school shooter game.
Like old school space shooter.
But obviously these games must have had their fans to keep them going this long.
So it's unfortunate they're probably shaking their fist right now.
Like why haven't you heard of my game?
But unfortunately they're getting shut down now because it just wasn't enough to keep it profitable.
That's what happens.
That's got to suck when you buy an online game like that.
Well my heart jumped a beat when I saw this headline because I was like,
fuck, are they going to shut off ModNation Racers a month after I bought it?
Phew, it's okay, but it was all old stuff.
Nothing on PlayStation 3.
Yeah, I don't think they would dodge that bullet.
Alright, let's move on.
We're coming up on release dates here after one more story from Dark Saga.
Again? Okay.
How about some Minecraft news?
Because I know we have like what, five people to play Minecraft?
Anyway, Minecraft Pocket Edition.
Minecraft Pocket Edition actually hit one million paid downloads on Android.
And apparently it's doing pretty well on iOS.
It's the 26th position in the top paid app charts.
So, not bad, huh?
There's a tweet that came out from Daniel Kaplan, who is the business developer behind it.
It says Minecraft Pocket Edition has now sold more than one million copies.
Thanks all the support, and I hope you will like the coming updates.
So, good?
Hooray for people who like Minecraft.
That's not bad for, you know, an Android title that, you know,
based on a port that I'm sure is better on the PC,
but it seems to be doing pretty well on mobile, so good for them.
Alright, let's travel around the world and check out some release dates.
We'll start with the US.
This week we've got quite a few things coming out,
starting with a brand new Xbox 360 special edition Kinect bundle with Kinect Sports,
and it's a white console with a white Kinect.
That's out this week, 300 bucks for that.
And then, of course, Top Gun Hard Lock on PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360,
MLB 2K12 on PlayStation 2, PlayStation 3,
Xbox 360, Wii, DS, and PSP, and PC as well.
Street Fighter X Tekken, both regular and special edition,
out on PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360.
Mass Effect 3 on PlayStation 3, Xbox 360, and the PC,
also the collector's edition with that as well.
Country Dance All Stars for Kinect, that's out this week.
Nicktoons MLB 3D for the 3DS.
LEGO Harry Potter years 5 through 7 on the Vita.
Unit 13 on the Vita.
MLB 12 The Show on PlayStation 3 and the Vita.
The Sims 3 Showtime, they have that expansion coming out.
Also Showtime Plus, that includes the regular game as well.
And the shark jumping, The Sims 3 Showtime, Katy Perry collector's edition,
that's coming out on PC as well.
The classic bitch game is this.
Katy Perry what?
The Sims 3 Showtime expansion, Katy Perry collector's edition.
I don't know what deal there is between EA and Katy Perry,
but there was that whole Simlish song she did.
Which was cute.
She must be a closet Sims fan.
No, it's part of this. It's tying into this thing.
I was getting exclusive stage and Katy Perry accessories.
Just do yourself a favor and don't buy it.
Katy Perry!
Also I need to interject with some breaking news.
What?
IOS game for free right now.
Doctor Who The Maze Is In Time is free on the IOS store.
More important news than Katy Perry.
For a limited time.
Also this week, in case you want to save a little bit of money,
we have a 2K Sports 2-Pack NBA 2K12 and MLB 2K12,
which I think saves you 50 bucks.
Each one of those games is still full price.
Which is kind of interesting.
And then last but not least, Mario Party 9.
One week today.
On the Wii, of course.
God damn, nine of them?
Mario Party 9.
I remember when the first game looked like it was Mario Party 3,
but it was just the horrible art on the box.
But you know, Mario Party 9 is not technically the ninth Mario Party game,
because there was one on the DS as well.
Wait a minute, who's making those games now? Isn't it Hudson?
Hudson was making them before, and now who's making them?
Uh...
Nintendo's making them.
I guess they brought it back.
All right, let's look at Japan.
Japan's got a busy week too on the Xbox 360.
Alan Wake gets a price reduction.
Platinum Collection.
So does Dance Evolution, which we have as dance masters here.
Doo-Dahm Pachi Resurrection gets a price reduction,
as does Dream Club Zero.
And of course, a big release over there for Japan.
Street Fighter X Tekken in a regular and collector's package.
Two other games coming out this week.
I have to admit, I got really excited,
because my eyes blended these two titles together for a minute.
There's Birds of Steel and Blades of Time.
And I read that as Blades of Steel.
But they are two separate games.
Birds of Steel is kind of your Konami's answer to Ace Combat,
because those old school flight simulator things are pretty popular in Japan.
Blades of Time is a little more of a God of War, Bayonetta-esque action-y.
It is the unofficial sequel to X-Blades, if you remember that one.
Is it? Oh, okay.
Actually, that is supposed to be coming out this week as well.
I forgot, that's on PS3 and 360.
Oh, so here in the US as well?
Yes.
Very cool.
Birds of... wait, no, Blades of Time.
Because I said Blades of Steel.
I guess he used it too.
It's confusing, I know.
It is.
Okay, so Birds of Steel, that's coming out later this month.
It would be funny if it was like a, you know,
it's pigeons playing hockey or something like that.
Konami, you need to bring back your hockey classic.
I don't think they can.
I think that, you know, people have rights to hockey now.
Well, can't you put out just like what they did with Tecmo Bowl,
where they just make up teaming players or something?
Or make birds play hockey and call it Birds of Steel.
Alright, look.
We got to go to the PlayStation 3 and talk about what they're getting.
Birds of Steel and Blades of Time are there as well.
Mobile Suit Gundam UC comes out in the Japanese and Asian regions.
And Street Fighter X Tekken gets its release on PlayStation 3 as well.
Also, Nobunaga no Yabu Online, Ho no Shou comes out this week.
This must be another Nobunaga Online game.
I thought they already had one, so I don't know if this is an expansion or what,
but you know these Nobunaga games are crazy over there.
It is not the Nobunaga Pokemon game because this is not a Nintendo system.
This is Sony PlayStation 3.
Coming out on the PlayStation Vita this week, Unit 13 in Japan.
And lastly on the Nintendo 3DS this week, Girls RPG, Cinderella Life.
That is for real the name of it.
Metal Gear Solid Snake Eater 3D.
That will be kind of a big deal I think.
And lastly Hatsune Miku and Future Stars Project Mirai comes out this week
in regular and accessory sets.
How about the UK?
Some stuff, actually there's a number of things.
On the 6th we have Unit 13 for the Vita.
On the 7th we have I Am Alive.
Trine 2 and Twisted Metal and Velocity.
On the 8th is Metal Gear Solid Snake Eater 3D.
And then on the 9th is Azura's Wrath, Mass Effect 3, and Street Fighter X Tekken.
The end.
All right.
Real quick I want to mention this going to our chat room.
Rama dropped a tip about Mario Party 9.
I guess the folks that are actually developing it is ND Cube.
Nintendo might be publishing it because ND Cube is a Nintendo subsidiary.
They made in the past, they did some GameCube and Game Boy Advance games.
F-Zero, Maximum Velocity was one of the games that they did.
And Wii Party I guess was their game too.
You remember Wii Party?
So this minigame collection thing is right up their alley.
So there you go.
Wii Party.
Party.
Let's move on with a few more stories and then our classic game of the week.
Loki?
Hopefully it doesn't, well I know it's going to do a lot better than Wii Party.
Anyways, so let's talk a little bit about patent trolls.
Yes, there was another patent troll that came after Nintendo suing them over the Wii Fit game and Balance Board.
I remember even seeing it was the XR Station.
It was just this big lever thing that people squeeze.
It was actually showed I guess in 2008 as it was called Squeeze.
S-Q-W-E-E-Z-E.
And like a Wii remote peripheral or something like that.
It's weird.
But as you can imagine, they lost.
So hooray!
I think that's like three trolls down and millions more to go.
Didn't some other patent troll pop up this week with about like they own the patent on Facebook games or something like that?
I don't know.
Or the whole like there's a picture of Doom and then it's all give us 99 cents for more ammunition was the way the artwork looked.
And it's basically like every Facebook game ever would have to pay money.
If this came to...
Yeah, it's pretty dumb.
So how long before patent reform here in the US ever?
Well you would think that that would be really quick but unfortunately it's been like this for years so I don't see any sort of change.
With Apple getting bigger and bigger and bigger and turning into the behemoth Skynet that it's turning into.
Maybe they'll be able to get something pushed through.
Don't put it past them.
Honestly, as bad as I'd hate to see a company controlling the government, if it's for some positive that would be kind of nice.
Do you really want to finish this train of thought?
Just saying.
Think about what you're really saying.
If a corporation controlled the US, it might not be so bad if...
If it was positive.
Remember, corporations are people. Remember.
I'm not gonna go there.
Did you want to finish your thought?
I already finished my thought.
I said if they did it for the positive, now if they said, you know, fuck you we own the patent system now bitches, then that's a little different.
Alright, well somebody that got told fuck you this week was the makers of The Binding of Isaac.
This is a popular indie title that is already out there on PC.
It's very Zelda inspired, and so it would have felt right at home on the 3DS, but apparently those talks have broken down.
Binding of Isaac is from Team Meat, of course the folks behind Super Meat Boy.
And after a long internal debate, according to Twitter, Nintendo has decided not to allow The Binding of Isaac on the 3DS.
They're saying it's because of, quote, questionable religious content.
Now Bobby, the guy before us here at All Games Radio, he wanted me to bring this up on the show.
He even said it at the end of his show.
Is it more questionable religious content or questionable resemblance to Legend of Zelda content?
I don't know. I mean you gotta...
I don't know if that... I mean I haven't really played The Binding of Isaac extensively.
I've listened to the soundtrack though, oddly enough, but I haven't played the game.
VVVVV's got a lot in common with Metroid, so I don't know, but...
Interesting.
I guess part of the story is that it's a child running away after God tells the child's mother to sacrifice him.
Or a God-like voice, I should say. Not like THE God, you know, but a God-like voice.
So maybe some of that questionable sacrifice and things is a little much.
If he read the Bible, he'd know Isaac got away.
Stop.
I know.
So, uh, yeah.
And now, some further stuff that developed this week is that I want to read somewhere that, I don't know if this is fanboy wank, so...
Take this with a grain of salt, but Team Meat's already in talks with Sony.
Which would be the likely alternative. Go to the Vita.
Why not? 3D Dot Game Heroes was awfully a lot like a certain Nintendo classic, and it ended up on the PlayStation 3, so...
Why not?
The thing too, they were saying, you know, they're basically that maybe it's because it was M-rated or something like that,
but there's a lot of M-rated content already on there, like the Metal Gear Solid 3D thing.
And here's what my problem with it is, is that if it is M-rated, oh, you know, it's gonna hurt our fans.
We don't want the little kids playing a game like this, then...
You know, you did build parental controls into your system.
You know people could use those.
I mean, if you're not going to allow all sorts of content on your, you know, shop online,
then what's the point in having all these content filters if you're going to filter it before it even gets out there?
It does seem like an interesting reason, but something to take with a grain of salt.
Remember that reason is coming from Team Meat, it's not coming from Nintendo.
Once again, once again, though, this is kind of like a whole thing alluding to even the new console.
There's so much, even with the Wii, it was like, well, maybe not so much with the Wii,
but like, they were like, okay, listen, we want to shed this, you know, kiddie game company thing.
We want to shed that kind of perception of us, and we really want to, you know, bring the hardcore gamer back into, you know, everything with our consoles.
And then, sure enough, when the Wii came out, let's put out kiddie games, kiddie games, kiddie games, kiddie games, kiddie games.
Oh, and we'll put out another game that might appeal to everybody.
Eh, kiddie games, kiddie games, kiddie games, kiddie games.
And then, you know, with this new console, hey, we're making a hardcore console that's going to, you know, support all types of games,
and it's going to be, you know, it's really going to get the hardcore user back behind it.
And then it's going to be kiddie games, kiddie games, kiddie games, kiddie games, kiddie games, kiddie games in HD.
But, yeah, you may have, you know, Assassin's Creed or something like that, because it can run it now.
Let me bring up this, because Bobby's really kind of stressing his point here in the chat room about this,
and shares a screenshot, and I totally get it, because he's sharing the screenshot, and it looks like the fucking Legend of Zelda.
I mean, the way, on down to the little mini-map with the rectangular rooms in the upper left-hand corner,
little spaces for the A and B buttons, and your life meter, I mean, the design of the screen,
and even the look of the dungeons, everything is the freaking Legend of Zelda.
Now, maybe it's not so much the questionable religious content, but it's, I think it might be a combination.
It's questionable religious content that sure looks a lot like Zelda, and we don't want people thinking Nintendo did this.
Now, who made the statement, though, about why it's not on the shop?
Yeah, see, that's the thing, is I would think if it's Nintendo, and they're saying, you know, this looks a little too much like the Legend of Zelda,
you know, that might look a little weird, you know, because Team Meat would go,
yeah, we couldn't get on the server because it looks a little too much like the Legend of Zelda, and people are like,
yeah, I can kind of see that, but when they do the religious content, they're trying to throw some pressure towards...
Well, yeah, I really think it's, yeah, I think it's one of those things where maybe it was a combination, you know.
It's not the fact alone that it looked and felt like Zelda that made Nintendo uncomfortable.
It's just that they're worried that people are going to misinterpret it as a Zelda remake,
because people are that silly sometimes. Not everybody listens to podcasts.
You were going to say they were stupid.
Well, and people would think it's a Zelda game with all this questionable mom sacrifices the child.
What the hell kind of game is this?
I do agree people are stupid. This is how we get Katy Perry collector's editions of The Sims.
This is true.
What about a Katy Perry Legend of Zelda? Would that be offensive?
It wouldn't happen.
Yes, it would be offensive to everybody. Everybody.
See, Rob, the only other person that I know who does those what-ifs about things that never happen is my friend's four-year-old.
What if this was a racetrack? Then we would be racing.
But what if we were racing? We're not racing.
Yeah, the layout is Zelda-ish, but there's enough difference.
This screenshot that Bobby shared in the bottom right-hand corner, it says,
All stats up. Well, Legend of Zelda didn't have stats.
On top of that, if Nintendo was really going to be pushy about that, they could have gone after Newtopia back in the day,
which was almost exactly like A Link to the Past.
But this game is just down to the design of the freaking screen. At least Newtopia kind of looked a little different.
Team Meat should be ashamed of themselves for blatantly ripping off The Legend of Zelda.
No, they shouldn't.
Why? I mean, let's play devil's advocate here.
If we're giving so much shit to Zynga for ripping off Tiny Tower, then why can't we give them shit for ripping off The Legend of Zelda?
They're not ripping it down to a T, though. Again, the original Zelda didn't have stats.
It did, but they weren't actually visible stats, because obviously, why would I pick up different armor or different swords if they all had the same stats?
I see blood in this game. Did Zelda have blood? Don't think it did.
It had sparkles, and sparkles meant violence. And smoke. There was smoke? Where's there smoke? There's fire.
Alright, you're right. I'm an idiot. I'm an idiot. Alright.
Let's go back to a time when gaming was a lot simpler.
We didn't have quite the ripoffs that we have now. Actually, we totally did have ripoff games back in the day.
Probably more so.
Probably right. But hey, Dark Soccer's gonna pick a game that wasn't really a ripoff. It was a goddamn pioneer. Maybe a little bit of a ripoff.
But let's see, Dark Soccer, what is the classic game of the week this week?
Sorry, sorry to interrupt real quick.
But you do it so well.
I know. Real quick question on the Dark Soccer. You were talking about that one game that came out that was very similar to Link to the Past or whatever.
Did that have the Nintendo seal of approval? Because that's basically approving the fact that they like games that look like that.
It didn't come out on the NES.
It should still have the seal of approval.
It was a TurboGrafx game. It was Nootopia and Nootopia 2.
But they didn't push for any kind of copyright infringement or anything like that. Because even though it looked almost identical, it was a different game.
Alright, fair enough.
Can we talk about the other classics now?
Yes, Sonic CD.
Oh, Sonic CD it is. So much for that music.
Well, we already played a bunch of it while Loki was talking.
So, okay, I have to start from the beginning. The Japanese version had better music.
Okay, Rob, if you would do me a favor. Because I'm going to get into the rest of this later, but I'd like for this to stay on.
Play the US music first, if you don't mind.
I just want to say the YouTube here is really quiet.
Yeah, it is. I'm sorry.
Let's see if the English one is any louder.
It is.
Okay.
Okay, now listen to this everybody.
This is the first level in the bad future.
Skip just a little bit ahead.
Do you see that? It has that kind of dark jungle-y sound.
This sounds like one of those bands, the pan flute bands that play at the strip mall.
That play at downtown Disney.
Now play the Japanese one.
Alright, play the Japanese one. Here you go.
Yeah.
Maybe quite a bit more lively.
This is more like the rave that's happening in House of Blues.
Okay.
So yeah, the game is Sonic CD.
Well, I should say Sonic the Hedgehog CD that came out in 1993.
And it was developed by Sonic Team for the Mega CD slash Sega CD.
And it was the first appearance of Metal Sonic and Amy Rose.
It came out in Japan on September 23, 1993.
In Europe in October 1993.
In North America on November 19, 1993.
It came out on the PC in 1996.
And was included in the Sonic Gems Collection in 2005 for PS2 and GameCube.
There was an enhanced version that was just recently released in December 2001.
Xbox Live Arcade, PSN, iOS, and Android.
And then we have a PC version that came out January 19, 2012.
There is supposed to be a Windows Phone version coming out first quarter 2012.
Just thought I would mention that too.
So basically, for anyone who's played a Sonic game, this is a freakin' Sonic game.
He has the spin dash.
You collect the rings. You go underwater, which are the underwater levels.
You had the invincibility shield. You had the speed shoes.
The music ran out. Should I play some other tracks here?
Yeah, play some other.
Let's do Palm Tree Panic Zone. That sounds like fun.
That's actually the present version of that same level.
Which they did a remixed version of this one slower for the American one.
So anyway.
So yeah, you also have with the spin dash, you have the super peel out that lets you zoom into quick speed from a standing point.
Either rolling or in running position.
And it's faster than the spin dash, but it leaves Sonic more vulnerable.
And then each of the levels has three acts. You have two main levels and a boss act.
And one thing I have to say is that the boss levels are actually pretty neat.
Because it's kind of a departure from the way that the normal boss levels went.
Like one of the ones that I did right before I left was one where you chase Eggman or Robotnik for people who are sticklers for the American version.
You chase Eggman all the way through the level until you've got him busted.
So it's pretty cool.
The big thing that makes this one different is that you've got a sort of time travel aspect where you go into the past and the future.
And basically when you hit a past or future sign, you have to run really fast and these sparkles travel behind you.
It looks like Sonic is farting glitter.
And then you end up in the past or the future.
Now if you go into the future by default, then you go into a bad future.
Where it's basically over industrialized and everything is dead and decaying and awful.
You go into the past, it's like, for example, I always forget the name of it.
Like something Chaos Collision I think it is.
But I always refer to it as pretty much the casino night.
Because it's like every Sonic game that has a pinball theme in there.
And it's not the freaking chemical zone, thank god.
But anyway, instead of it being all pinball-y and nighttime casino looking, it's like this neat looking pristine jungle thing.
It's really cool looking.
But if you've managed to do a lot of good things and destroy things in the past, then when you go to the future again,
instead of going back to the modern, you have to basically go through the past and destroy a robot generator that's hidden in the level.
So that when you go back in the regular time and then you go to the future again, you're sort of in this technogion future.
Where everything is technology and nature all working together, synergy, you know, it's just...
What kind of hippie stuff is this?
Yeah, it's clean energy and everything is cool.
We're sustainable. That's the big key word, sustainable today.
So basically, in the past when you destroy the robot generator, then that actually kills all the robots in the future.
So when you have to go after Robotnik for his level, because his level is always in a bad future,
you actually go after him in a good future where he's weaker and you don't have all of the bad guys in your way.
It's really unique.
So also if you have more than 50 rings, by the end of the act a big gold ring appears and if you jump onto it,
then you have to go around and destroy these purple UFOs that are floating around the level.
And it's kind of that sort of Mario Kart looking, like old school Mario Kart looking pathway where it's all the pixelated mode 70 looking stuff.
And you can slow down by going through water, you can get speed ups through there,
you can destroy blue UFOs that give you more time or you can get speed shoes and different things.
But if you destroy all of the purple UFOs, then you get a time stone and you can get the good ending if you collect all seven time stones.
Basically, it's this game's version of Chaos Emeralds.
So basically though, you automatically get that good future if you have all the time stones.
You also have a backup save using either the internal memory on the Sega CD or RAM cartridge.
And it will save at the end of every third act. What I can tell you too, is that it saves automatically the same way on the Steam version.
You see the little now saving icon at the bottom, that's cool.
And it does have an instant game over scenario, so Sonic will just jump off the screen if you leave the game alone for three minutes without it being paused.
Now for the newer version, you can actually play as Tails, or I should say Miles Tails Prower.
And he has a spin dash, the spin attack, and he can fly with his little tail rotating, but he doesn't have the super peel out and you cannot earn achievements with him.
You can also use the spin dash physics from Sonic 2, so that's pretty cool.
So basically, the way that this goes is that Sonic and Amy, Amy Rose, show up at Never Lake where the little planet, not the little big planet, just the little planet,
shows up, you know, the last month of every year, so it's the month of the time, basically.
And they basically find out that Eggman's taking it over and things are getting crappy, and then Metal Sonic kidnaps Amy!
Oh no, so Sonic has to go get the time zones, the time stones, and the seven jewels that alter time and save Amy and destroy Sonic and free the little planet.
So yeah, this game, actually, Yuji Naka moved to the US to found the Sega Technical Institute and worked with Sonic Team to make Sonic the Hedgehog 2.
But in Japan, a separate development team that was headed by Oshima Naoto, who was the creator of Sonic, worked on Sonic CD, and they were supposed to be the same game,
just a Sega CD version and a cartridge version, but this really turned into something different.
And for anime buffs out there, the opening animated sequence was done by Toei.
Now, as I said from the very, very beginning, it had two soundtracks.
There was the Japanese and European soundtrack, which is the same one, and it had Sonic You Can Do Anything, which is the name of it.
It was also the Toot Toot Sonic Warrior, which we don't mention in Play Company.
And Cosmic Eternity, Believe in Yourself. And the boss music also sampled the song Work That Sucker to Death by 70s artists Xavier, Pootsie Collins, and George Clinton.
So basically, Parliament.
Nice.
Yeah. So, now the US one was actually redone completely by Spencer Nelson, who did a bunch of Sega Saturn soundtracks.
And then there was that Sonic Boom song that was redone.
So yeah, I really think, I mean, I'm not saying that the American soundtrack was bad by any means.
It's not. It was really good. But in comparison to the Japanese soundtrack, there's no comparison.
The Japanese soundtrack was way amazing.
So there actually, as far as that Sonic You Can Do Anything and the Cosmic Eternity, Believe in Yourself,
the reason why we have an instrumental version is the lyrics belong to K.C. Rankin, who died in 2009.
So the rights haven't been released by the estate.
There is a 20th anniversary soundtrack that came out in Japan that actually has a version of Sonic Boom on it,
including a remastered Japanese track.
So as I said, there were other ports. We had a PC version in 1996, which was the debut Sonic title under Sega PC's brand.
It came out in Japan on August 9th, 1996, in North America on August 26th, 1996, and in Europe October 3rd, 1996.
And it has a full animated intro and ending sequence, not just that really clipped looking one that came on the Sega CD,
because it could handle the heavy animations like that, as we've all known for anyone of us who had ever owned a copy of Dragon's Lair.
Just saying, Dragon's Lair, not all that great.
It was also re-released with the Sonic Gems Collection on the GameCube and PS2 in 2005,
and it's the PC version with improved frame rate and action speed.
And it did have some emulation errors, though.
And the European version actually of that one used the US soundtrack, but had higher quality versions of it.
And then, as I said, we've got the Xbox Live Arcade version that was playable at PAX Prime 2011,
and we've got the versions on PSN, PC, iOS, Windows Phone coming out, and there's Android.
And then the port was actually re-developed by Scratch using this retro engine.
So that's why it's so nice and smooth.
And now we have it on Steam.
And it's excellent on Steam, and it's only $4 you owe it to yourself to buy this.
Commercial, commercial, commercial.
Okay, I'm running out of soundtrack songs here, so wrap up.
Okay, well, done.
Well, that was quick.
Alright, there it is.
Actually, just telling you, the Sonic CD story was what became the Sonic the Comic,
and the story was adapted into the Archie Comics Sonic the Hedgehog comic book.
Alright, there it is, your classic game of the week, Sonic CD!
Confession, I've never played it.
I know.
There's a lot of Sonic games out there, and I never owned a Sega system,
so I had to kind of play them all at friends' houses, or in retrospect.
Rob, rob, rob, rob, rob, rob, rob, rob, rob, rob, rob, rob, rob, rob.
What do you want?
I want to watch you buy it.
I'm poor.
I'm poor!
Maybe later.
I'll tell you what, when I beat Uncharted and Modulation Racers, I'll buy it.
Good lord.
Alright, I've got to beat something.
I've got something you could beat.
Oh, shut up.
All right, we're gonna take a break and when we come back we got plenty more of Orange L'Antrido to come a new segment
Here on the show get excited some news about Street Fighter cross Tekken. I don't think you're gonna like I know Loki doesn't like it
Maybe a mailbag segment at views of the week, and I apologize in advance
Yes, we are somehow gonna bring up Justin Bieber and related to video games. I am so
So sorry, but you you really have to hear this story. Don't don't disconnect. There's a reason just trust me the Justin Bieber
singing
Singing a toothbrush is compatible with Xbox Live Arcade. It is not shush. Don't make stuff up all right
We'll be back in just a little bit with more of Orange L'Antrido stay tuned
Welcome back everybody to Orange L'Antrido. We are live taping the
448th episode of our show on March 4th
2012 here at all games radio is where we're always live every Sunday night
We hope you will join us for a live show sometime and join us in our chat room
we do talk live with our chatters at chat dot orange lounge radio calm and
Sometimes we'll field questions from chat for example. We have somebody in chat right now. That's evil or e3 ville
E3 vl wants to know anyone know if the Vita trophies are separate from PlayStation 3 or is it all cumulative?
It's interesting because it looks like they are cumulative because when you look at your trophies on the vita you see everything
But when you look at them in the PlayStation 3 you don't see the vita games
I don't know if that's what today's maintenance was there to correct, but I I have to imagine
There's going to be a forthcoming patch. That's going to
Link the two to bet together a little better
But for right now you do see it all in the vita and they all pump into that same
Trophy level or whatever and percentage and all that which man after you go through those first few trophy levels it takes forever
To gain up levels and I look at those people that are I'm like level six or seven which maybe I shouldn't admit
I'm that low a level, but I look at some people online. They're like level 13
I'm like damn you play a lot of PlayStation alright, so I'm
We're going to get into some rapid-fire news, but first I want to bring up a couple quick things
One I have to follow up to this interesting Twitter discussion that I caught wind of earlier this week
between a listener of ours at Orange Lounge radio and a guy at another podcast and a lot of you
I know are very familiar with the website cheapassgamer and the guy behind the website chibidi who um yeah
I'm I got to admit. I don't have time to listen to every podcast
I'm sorry, so I don't really listen to the show, but I've seen the website. It's a great concept great idea
I'm sure he's done very well for himself off of that. He's a fan of Saints Row 3
I know that and so I we're in good company. I think with that we were big fans of Saints Row 3 too
But I guess what I was gonna say actually I should get that on steam now that it's half price
I think that's the sale boy. You're like a walking commercial tonight young lady. I can't help it
I love steam you are a consumer whore so that console on your way to your house already
So so here's the reason why I bring it up because I guess something was said on the last show about
What's the oldest podcast and they were wondering if it's seven years it might be them. I think I didn't hear it again
I'm just picking up on what I got for Twitter, so if I miss appropriated that quote
I totally apologize in advance, but one of our listeners jumped in and actually tweeted him and said
actually
Orange launch radio has been doing this for ten years
And I just thought that was really awesome that one of our listeners kind of like jumped in there
Henderson man so big thank you to that
And you know that's why I'm always very careful about jumping it. You know dude made an honest mistake
It's no big deal whatever
But that's why I'm always very nervous about staking that claim of we are the longest running show on the internet because I'm always worried
Like what the hell else is out there that I don't know that it exists because like for real
I'm gonna be completely honest with you guys although. We have a great partnership with all games radio
We're here at all games calm. I had no fucking idea that there was ever this whole like game
I did not know what all games interactive was before we hooked up with the show
I did not know this whole pseudo stuff and everything that Scott Rubin had before g4
I didn't know any of that stuff before we joined forces with them
So that's why I'm always a little nervous like I think we're the longest-running live show about video games
But we're one of where we asked what was the protect one of the?
That's our little protection because we don't know what else really we're the most important stop it stop it all right
But it's all right. You just have to know that we are the official podcast of the planet Earth
That's right that claim we staked a long time ago, and I'm sorry buddy. It's ours
So yeah, I just you know you can lease it for a quarter um
um
Just to clear the air on a few things though
Just so we set the record straight the very first orange launch radio live show all about
DDR and music based games and community and you know talking shit at the restaurant after a long night of playing DDR was June 23rd
2002 at live through 65 where we used to have a station and
We released our first podcast January 3rd of 2005
It was a separate show at the time called the orange launch radio to go edition because for a while
We were here in studio for about four and a half hours
We would do our live three-hour music game community show and then we do our hey guys
It's only going to be 20 minutes show on other games
Bullshit that grew into an hour
I mean just the the talk about other games really took over and that is why in 2006 we merged the two shows and
Because you know the music game stuff was not you know we didn't have enough community things to talk about everything was getting very
very
Centralized with people playing at home and so forth so that all started
I think we married him in
2006 or so I think it was about a year of the to-go show and then we married him in
2006 I would like to think that this is their bastard stepchild
When we did that it was so much fun
Yes, it was so much fun, and then you shot yourself in the foot now SSG 100 Matt says yeah
But olr has to be the first live podcast to use Skype you use Skype when it was in beta form
I do think we do. Oh, I do think we have that claim. I really do
I don't think I cuz I was looking around the internet at that time
So I don't think anybody else was using Skype in a radio format to take calls at the time
But again, I'm nervous to stake that claim cuz I don't know what else is out there. Okay. We are the first proven
We are
Documented so if somebody else can provide their documentation that they did it before us
We'll happily relinquish the title but to be fair. I mean it's not a title
We really use you know relinquish more like share, but we we really are the the podcast of the universe all right you guys
Apparently what was supposed to be a humble thing turned into not so much
But look guys we don't
There's a reason we don't want to just like whore ourselves as we're the longest running video game podcast nanny nanny poo poo cuz you know
Everybody that's doing this pocket it
Having done it this long we can tell you firsthand. It's not that easy it takes a lot of dedication
So you know what seven years is a fucking great accomplishment?
So props to you know and in the service that the cheapass gamershow provides to the community is is amazing
And you know lots of people really rely on that website
You know to drive their game sales so props to their great idea that's taken off and has held for the past seven years
I know there's a lot of shows that have been running for a very long time
There's a lot of shows on this network
I know dead pixel lives got something like 600 episodes under their belt because they were daily for a while video game outsiders
I know it's been around for at least six years Bobby's been doing this for six years
Plus gamer tag radio has been around since podcasting was first around even though. They're not on the network
They're another show that comes to mind. I know there's a lot of folks that have been doing this a
Long time and I know many of you don't make any money off of it
So you know what props to all of you power to the indie podcasters you guys are on people make some money
Some people make a little bit. I bet she BD makes a little bit of money
I mean he did he did buy his way into the Saints Row the third
But you know you know what hey if I had that kind of money. I would have been sniped at what?
You know what he had a great idea. He did the website
Prop what what could be more American than that even though he lives in Japan my problem is my wife would not let me
Spend that kind of money on that if I hadn't met my wife. I would be in Saints Row the third
And then they have a mini a mini mat that is true, and I still am in Saints Row the third
Thanks to their awesome
I don't want to discuss this too much longer because this feels very self-serving, but let me address a couple of the comments in chat
Technus in chat says so you guys were around during the days when I still listen to Adam Curry's podcast to find more podcast to listen
To yes, and in fact we were nominated or we won the best gaming podcast for at the first podcast awards
Jamie went I shook his hand
And he she and right behind his hair and his butt actually his butt was by my head for a while
You're weird. I was sick
Okay, I'm at this thing sick as sick can be in
La so I'm even sicker because la aired you know disagrees with me. I turn around and I see this black clad ass
Look up see the the the shaggy. You know Bon Jovi haircut, and oh, it's Adam curry
I remember watching it on a TV um let's see
Randy says what were podcast called before podcast. I don't think they really had a name it was audio via RSS
But I've I know they tried to do
Blogcasts like for a long time major Nelson would not call a show a podcast or there was a zoom cast you know cuz you know
Xbox Microsoft didn't want to give in to the Apple thing
Let's see
SSJ 100 Matt says it's the humble indie podcast bundle segment
I love that idea they should do something like that the humble indie podcast bundle
Raised $30,000 for charity. I love that idea
And s J 100 Matt says I remember getting the show off podcast alley
You know podcast alley still exists go vote for orange lounge radio to go which is still listed in podcast alley
We need your votes Lord
All right, I didn't smell his farts acidic vampire
It shatters are weird all right, but I was I was so sick and after we got the award. I'm like I'm leaving
I feel so sick all right um look. I I want to say
quickly I
Just realized I left shows out of my how long video
I think if there is a show that's been around as long as we have its video game news radio
For real like I know they were on life just five for a while, too
I don't know when exactly they started so they may be able to make the claim, but they've also
They went non-video game for a while, and then kind of went back
But they're it's so funny because we couldn't have more different of makeup of shows
They're they're also on all games Network. You can hear them. I think they're Monday nights
But I respect them a lot. I know they work very hard at what they do and you know it takes a lot to
Focus on the show every week, and they they bring it so well
Speaking though of our ten of her Sri mm-hmm coming up
I would like to repeat what I said last week that I want people to email the mailbag
Under the title olr memories because I am working on something to commemorate our to our ten of her Sri
Alright, I want your favorite. Olr memory, and yes if you use really crappy grammar
I am going to edit it
And I'm going to send you a copy so that you know what I did so I can make sure that your intent was clear
Okay, I have because nothing that I put in print is gonna have bad grammar. I don't want to do too much of this reflection
This is the last comment on it, and then I'm done s to 100 Matt
So I was not sick from smelling his butt he did not say that s to 100 Matt says I
Remember when you guys went to the award show and where they didn't announce your nomination, and you guys yelled at them in the back
If there was speakers that day if there is any moment that better defines our legacy
I mean for real that is the moment that defined orange lounge radio, and I'll tell you exactly what it was
It was a life 365 best of life 365 awards
I want to say 2004 so when we went to that Airport hotel out by SFO
And we were sitting in the back had the big atrium and we were nominated for station of the year
Which was amazing, but they're reading the nominees for station of the year and the station of the year nominees are Rockland
USA and you know all these other stations
And then she starts to open the envelope and when you hear the audio recording of it, and I wish to God
I still had that clip you can hear in the background Loki going hey
Hey
And she goes oh, yeah, yeah, and and orange launch radio, and we're all sat there going well
We know we didn't fucking win drink. I
Was quite table
But that wasn't we had that was when they did like the bingo thing and I won speakers you did so it wasn't so we
May not have walked out of there with a plastic award, but we didn't walk out of there with speakers
You walked out of there speakers. I didn't get shit. I got some cool pictures out on the patio
That's what I got we got a bunch of sampler CDs all right. Let's move on
I have one other topic. I want to talk about before rapid-fire news is a game
I left out of my gaming week, but it's worth mentioning
iPhone game believe it or not and I think it's a pretty damn good iPhone game
It's 99 cents right now on the marketplace, which is a really good deal for the Midway arcade classics collection, and yes
It's another one of those retro game collections on the iPhone, and I've got to say though
They do a pretty damn good job of it especially for 99 cents
It does a little bit of the you know hey
Do you want to play gauntlet and gauntlet 2 well then you pay 99 cents for this pack?
But actually you can also unlock those machines if you play the others for a god-awful long time
You save up tickets and you can unlock the cabinets that way or you just pay 99 cents to unlock them right away
Which is kind of interesting they did it that way?
but what I really thought was interesting about it is that there's not just the classic arcade games in it, but there's I
air hockey and
ski ball and
The basketball little games you find in an arcade like they really went kind of a step beyond in making it that whole arcade
Experience now don't get too excited. It's an ios game, and I still cannot stand
Ios controls like trying to emulate the old-school arcade games
But some of them that have the limited mobility work pretty well like in joust you could only go left or right
That's pretty hard to screw up with the touch controls, so it controls all right spy hunter
They do this weird thing with the tilt controls
I'm not sure if I'm a fan, but you know it is what it is 99 cents, but I was thinking
My god this collection would be great on a system that has tangible controls like oh
I don't know the 3ds the vita
But I'm thinking with this title ever come out for just 99 cents on the vita. No hell. No I
Mean what's up with that?
Why is it the games are only bargain cheap on ios is this really competition because they that?
That they allow them to price their games the way they they are
These other platforms have minimums, okay?
You can't price your game lower than such and because of that that's why I don't get a lot of 99
Well, that's why I don't get any 99 cent games on these marketplaces if it was more open and allowed them to do that kind
Of thing then yeah, you would have a lot more of those
I still even think for like $4.99 on the 3ds shop this would be a hell of a download
With all the stuff that it includes, but I just I don't see it happening
And it's so odd like this game would be so much better with the tangible controls
But like they'll probably put it on a cartridge for $19.99 if they even if they even do that
You know I don't know they'll say the 3d costs money. It's old arcade games. I don't know again
I'm hypothesizing, but I just I really wish when I play some of these really good ios games
I'm always like damn it
Why can't this be on the vita or the vita would be amazing really with that crisp screen?
And it's already kind of the oh man
It would look great some of those games, but I'm not going to get I'm not going to hold my breath because I know it
Ain't going to happen
But I just imagine imagine I could tilt my vita sideways and use the analog stick to control spy hunter
It would be great
Yeah, but I'm not going to hold my breath because I know it's not going to happen
I'm sorry. I was distracted by everyone telling me that capcom should hire me
Way to derail all right I
Had years of derailment. I have I have a promise though if capcom hires me
I will make manuals that are available for print and PDF web friendly PDF. They have working links
Just for Bobby and it'll be spelled right it will be spelled right all right there you go all right
Let's talk about some rapid-fire news. I've babbled long enough about various side topics, so let's get to some rapid-fire news all right
Let's uh let's talk a little bit about
Ridge Racer Ridge Racer a game that was supposed to be launching with the vita
Kind of didn't it got delayed a little bit, and I had hoped hey
Maybe they'll put out a full game instead of three cars and five track or five cars of three tracks
Not so much anyways Ridge Racer is coming to the vita March 19th. There will be some DLC free DLC included with
I guess if you pot or purchase the initial
This is great the initial retail copies will include the Ridge Racer gold pass
which allows you to get five additional cars and three bonus tracks and two new songs and
an extended remix of an existing song
and
Apparently also, I guess you can purchase the game on the PlayStation Network store for you know the 10% cheaper
$24.99 as well, and it also includes the gold pass stuff, then I guess
if
You purchase before April 30th an additional silver pass DLC pack will be available as well
They haven't announced the price for yet also aside from DLC
they're gonna have I guess a system update which include or includes better frame rate better graphics and
You know that's about it, but I
Come on really really your free DLC is
Three more or five more cars. You're literally doubling the cars and tracks in the game and
You were and that would be a pretty awesome deal in any air racing game
Ten cars and six tracks. I mean come on
I remember back with Ridge Racer 4 where it was fucking like 200 cars in the goddamn game and tracks
I don't even know I mean a lot of them were just deep you know deviations of one another, but I mean come on
That few tracks for if you were putting the game out for free all right fine. You know that's fine
That's a good starter pack, and I'll buy DLC for it and get some additional cars, but
$30
It's ridiculous, and I'm not impressed with Namco's approach to this stuff, and it's again. It's the whole
IOS it's taking the IOS mentality now and putting it on the Vita, and it's just weird I
Don't I hope people educate themselves before that I mean you got to be a big fucking Ridge Racer fan to want to buy this
Well, here's something to educate yourselves on just wait for the price to drop because if it's something like this people are gonna bring
in new copies
And they're not gonna sell and they're gonna be sitting on shelves and it'll drop in price
And then you get that DLC on top of it comment from Derek H in our chat room
So they're admitting the graphics are crapped in the first version
And that is kind of a weird thing for them to say this yeah fans that they're crisper graphics
Yeah, it's kind of one of those things. They should have kept a secret until it comes out. You know
Yeah, well, maybe it's some depth of field adjustments or something like that, but
Ahamkara in our chat room says Ridge failure
It might I I can't say that until I've played the game, but let's just say I'm shaking my add magic eight ball
This is outlook. Not good. Let's just put this way the reviews for the Japanese word have been too great
I think a lot of it's because there's
You know three tracks and five cars
three tracks and five cars
Seriously, yeah, it's unfortunate now
Here's where I would give them a pass on those cars and stuff if they were tweakable like you can tweak all the different
You know aspects to it cuz a lot of those cars are just like it's been slightly faster. This was
It's slightly better at turning or whatever so they're not you don't really need all of them, but
You know I don't think that's the case in this. I think it's just like hey. We're just gonna sell a bunch of DLC cha-ching
That's
Not gonna happen. Oh and of course are they gonna advertise to their fans that you know this game is gonna
Be that gimp of course not it's up for the blogs to let people know about that all right anyways enough of that
So let's talk a little bit about a rumored
a sequel to a franchise army of four has apparently been outed by
a
Twitter post actually apparently
There is a guy who was I believe
One of the actors on Stargate a lot or Stargate Atlantis John Shepard
He or Joe Flanagan he plays a guy named John Shepard on Stargate Atlantis and
apparently he's been asked to do some I guess voice work on the
Well, this is a o4 video game for our electric Tronic Arts. Well. It's gonna be army of four. I mean, that's
It only makes sense that that's what it's gonna be so
Kind of neat. It's maybe something we'll see
announced at e3 and
Last but not least there's there was tons and tons and tons of leaks before finally it being officially announced Assassin's Creed 3
will be coming to
Consoles and PC this October on the 30th the new game is gonna take place during the American Revolution
you're gonna play a guy who looks to be Native American and of course having tomahawks and all sorts of cool stuff and
I
Guess there's gonna be some more info coming in the new game informer
It's the April cover April cover game
But uh definitely a big franchise. Yeah, I was hearing a lot of rumblings about that
Um seems like some of the Assassin's Creed fans aren't really I mean, I don't that's not like uncharted. It's a series
I haven't really had time to play
But about five years after the first game. I'll finally get around to it. It seems like a lot of fans
I know on Facebook are kind of cautious about the direction this game is taking I mean some people are like yeah
I knew it would be like a Revolutionary War type of game and some are like I'm not sure how I feel about this direction
So
We'll see. All right. We'll see I guess at the end of the day. How good is the game?
That's the important thing, right? Yep. He could be in space as long as the game that's in screen is
That's spoiler spoiler
Assassin's in for face. All right, some other quick news for you guys here connect enabled shopping carts
Okay, so like apparently there's this whole Microsoft thing where there's a prototype of a shopping cart
That has connect in it. It's a monitor a motor and a Kinect sensor
Apparently the cart can see your membership card. It will pull up your shopping list
It will scan objects as you place them in the cart and I guess the cart will actually follow you around the store
So like while you're walking it will follow you. This is fucking sky. I have to go to the bathroom
Not gonna not get to fit in the stall stop bringing it to me damn it
The old homeless ladies just watching it walk right out of the store with them. I can't wait to like
Alright ready run away
Hunter be hunted. I guess there's even a video on it, but it's I can't watch it. It's gonna be too hilarious
I think they mentioned Whole Foods, which that does seem to be that is a very I like to smell my own farts kind of thing
My farts are organic and smell what well right right along those lines actually
Apparently in the video it talks about the the spokesperson
Puts the wrong type of spaghetti in the cart and the cart warrants him. You're trying to go gluten-free
Remember your pansy
You know I do have friends who have celiac disease yeah, and it's a serious
I know I know okay, but I don't think I gotta be real some people do it to be trendy
I think yeah to be honest a guy that's walking around with a connect and able shopping carts probably doing to be trendy
It will not bag your groceries however, but there you go. I actually do remember today
I will say this I will remember a day when they did have the shopping carts used to have these at Rayleigh's Bel Air some time
ago
They had the little um
Little screens on them that as you're walking through the store the screen would know what aisle you're in and it would like update to
Show you the specials that were in the aisle
And you could actually look up items like it was kind of ahead of its time cool
Doesn't look ridiculous like having a Kinect camera strapped to a shopping cart where it's following you around the store. Oh come on
This is that's the setup for like a really bad 3d horror movie like which by the way piranha 3dd
Oh my fucking god. That looks amazing, but this could be like a great
Shopping cart 3d horror movie like the day the shopping carts took over with Christopher Lloyd
And all I gotta say is hobos are gonna. Go high-tech now
It's like the homeless it's like fuck I got Kinect
And a TV all right Kid Icarus uprising of course a big game coming out on the 3ds soon your copy will come with six
AR cards, but here's the thing there's actually gonna be hundreds of AR cards available
There will be events where you can kind of trade and get new cards and this whole thing so an interesting kind of real-life
card Pokemon
Yu-Gi-Oh magic type of I have judgment
Oh, I'm sorry what I don't know
I mean, let's see what it adds to the game or if it's just something stupid
But apparently the cards can oh god the cards can face each other and the AR figures will battle
Where the fuck did I hear this before where did we razz this a million times so familiar the cards?
Come to life, and they do the battle and they cameras
That you can't just do with the cards on the table. I'm sorry. I'm just judging this right now with my eyes
I'm judging it right now. I'm gonna keep my eye on this
I think well there is actually a little Cyclops looking thing if you need an extra eye
But it's not brown it's not brown that's red
It's for the record
SSJ 100 Matt says he's still waiting for supermarket sweep the game for you know
I have I have a bad feeling that that Kid Icarus game is just gonna tank
Gonna tank so bad
Because you know why cuz no one gives a damn about Kid Icarus you shut your mouth now
Hey, hey, you know I know that the hardcore gamer cares about Kid Icarus, but that's not who they're targeting
I mean Kid Icarus is basically their dress for a new generation
You know it's it's fucking oh
I don't know
It's a hardcore shmup game and no one's gonna. Give a damn
Did could you imagine the Kid Icarus bullet hell game since we now know their?
Similarities would you care to make a wager on if Kid Icarus will sell a million copies no
I do not care to wager that
Damn, I try because that doesn't have any additional peripherals
And I'm not gonna bet whether the cards are gonna sell million copies because there's no way to track that so
I'm still buying it
I got it look. There's a little bit of a I mean and here's the thing too
Why would I go buy cards when I can simply?
Download the images of guards and print them out for free so fuck you
I ain't buying no fucking cards for your stupid game and also not your game because
Rare one in a glass case of the Nintendo World Store
And it's the only place where you can get the eggplant wizard if only we had a camera with us
If only some sort of device that I was carrying had a camera on it
Well, maybe a phone or an mp3 player or perhaps or my station
But perhaps a game console a portable game console only one of those had a camera on it, but goddamn it
I live in an age where cameras are only available in camera form and not in any other peripheral whatsoever
I see DDR dollar bill liked my idea
All right, I gotta read this comment
It's on the last story, but it's too good act deaf in our chat room says chopping cart grocery shopping will never be the same as
Have you seen the piranha 3dd trailer hey come on it's piranha
3 double D. Have you have you seen it? I have seen it. Okay. I'm just dark soccer
Have you seen it do I care I'm derailing the fucking show. I don't even care no no
I can't have to see that I can't remember I have temporary amnesia the most amazing fucking movie trailer
I have ever seen in my entire life, and it is worth derailing
It is the only movie. I give a crap about is the Avengers
Because Hawkeye here. It is 3dd official truck. I movie looks fucking amazing and yet oh
They should make a video game out of it there. I've tied it back to the show
In the world's wildest water park the party a water card hotter water
You did not replace our old life cards with strippers water-certified strippers
But the guests have never been hungrier
Oh
We think they're back
Is that Christopher Lloyd fuck yes, it's Christopher Lloyd, okay, I have to see this now
Fish become confused and try to enter man-made great sisters
Shh how the mighty have fallen whatever it is. I don't like it
Oh ladies and gentlemen the most famous lifeguard
Just when you thought it was safe
To put your 3d glasses back on
I'm not first of all. I'm not a lifeguard never was
Secondly that is what natural selection is all about
It's double the okay. That's great
The terror
Double the DS
Bring me my legs
Oh, that's right with shotgun legs
Yeah, that's that's right, that's why that trailer
I don't even like gory movies, and I'll see that just cuz it looks so horribly stupid
Oh bring me money. I'm sorry you Christopher Lloyd can't even redeem that to me, so
Orange launch radio road trip
Avengers Hawkeye, I hope that opens up against Avengers. I'll camp out 48 hours in advance for that
I'm not hating on Avengers. I swear just you know
Alright, it's just got a root. You got a root for the underdog. I mean seriously under fish
Ving Rhames, I mean I remember when Rose McGowan had the shotgun leg, but Ving Rhames
I think is a much sexier, babe with that shotgun leg. I'm just saying get me my legs
All right back to rapid-fire news
Bioshock infinite has a release date. Hey, it's October 16th
In North America and 19th internationally
I know a lot of you Bioshock fans are looking forward to Bioshock infinite not to hate on Bioshock, too
It was a good game in its own merits, but this is in some ways kind of the the true sequel to Bioshock
It's just kind of a different little spin-off there games coming out on 360 PC and ps3
The ps3 will have move support and come with the original Bioshock included
You know just in case you miss assuming that they stick to the word unlike they did with some of the other games
We'll see we'll see all right, so there you go. That's what I've got for rapid-fire news. How about you Darcyra?
Um let's see we have a rumor that I've mentioned before
Dark Stalkers 4 may potentially be happening and the theory is that Yoshinori Ono is behind it so I
Don't think they've actually really had anything confirmed for it yet
but then again the original Dark Stalkers was re-released and they like to re-release original versions right before there's gonna be a new one so
who knows and
There was an ESRB rating that's gonna say a re-release of Dark Stalkers 3 is gonna come out
Again, who knows it could be they could just be teasing us. They could be trolling like that like that half-life shirt trolling us
Also, Jet Set Radio is going to be on Xbox Live Arcade PSN and PC this summer and Sega is gonna have a graffiti contest
so
They didn't really say if you're gonna be able to import your own graffiti images
but they're having a contest that is available at sega.com slash JSR contest where you can put in your
Designs and last but never least a street fighter and they're doing a street fighter Monopoly game the end
Are the fighters the pieces or the properties I
Would hope that they're the pieces and that like you fight for India or Japan or USA
I mean, I guess I shouldn't say properties cuz you don't really buy and sell people but maybe like by your team
You know, you're you're contracting them to join your super fighting squad or whatever
Mmm, Kylie Minogue's cami
That would be hot. I'm sorry. She didn't make a good cami
Every time I see cami her voice is Kylie Minogue. Sorry right after covert action
It wasn't that bad will be Street Fighter 2 the movie kind of underrated
You know, Dan went bought that on blu-ray. Just I got it for Alan
First gift I ever bought, you know, I saw that twice in the theater. Did you really I did
Was it the cheapo enough? My dad took me to see it because I was only like
11 or 12 when it came out. I saw it the second time at the cheapo theaters. All right
Hey new segment on olr how exciting you ready for a new segment? I'm gonna try something new here
It's a kind of a segment ripped off a hoard house a little bit. It's worked well over there
So we're bringing it over here. It's a new segment called the frugal question of the week
Little song to sashay to as we go to Facebook
Plus favorite songs to play and beat mania Google thought it made a good theme music here
So frugal you put Facebook and Google together you get frugal. Here's our frugal question of the week a portmanteau
What that's what a combination of two words is called a portmanteau. Oh, okay frugal portmanteau
It sounds like a wine. All right
Our Facebook and Google Plus question of the week we post these the day of the show and get your questions
Facebook comm slash orange lounge radio or Google Plus search for orange lounge radio because there's no custom URLs on Google Plus yet
We'll post the question in both places and look for your answers or read some of our favorites on the show and talk about this
topic
Here's our very first frugal question of the week
There's a lot of massive hype behind Mass Effect 3 coming out this week
Are you a fan of BioWare's RPGs namely the method of storytelling and use of conversation trees in their games?
Why or why not?
Loki dark soccer want to take a stab at this really listeners reap massive hype behind Mass Effect 3
Okay, are you a fan of BioWare's RPGs the way they do storytelling and how they use conversation trees their game honest
I haven't I haven't played many of them. Um, I played yeah played some of Dragon Age Dragon Age. Uh, too
I thought it was interesting for leading to you know a different game experience each time
but really
You know, I can't say I dislike it I really can't say I dislike it it's just different
Okay, Loki
Honestly, I kind of stopped playing Mass Effect after well. I didn't even really get very far in the first game
Just wasn't for me
Not that the whole dialogue trees or anything work and you know
I wasn't against that because you know, I like adventure games and they had dialogue trees. So why wouldn't I?
but I
Don't know. It's just I mean the style is fine. I don't think that's really anything holding me back. I'm playing just time
Yeah for me. Those games are huge time sinks. So when you're trying to juggle MMOs and other games
It's it's it's a big investment to get into those games
I did play a little bit of Dragon Age
Especially I will say this swot or was really one that I invest a lot of time in and I gotta say
The whole conversation tree aspect of the game kept me engaged in a way that Wow doesn't like I'm not I love Wow
But I'm not really a morphine and it's not that it's a bad story
It's just one that I tend to skip but in swot or I was really into it
Like I would I would sit there and listen to all the dialogue and then I choose my options carefully and me
I was always going for the dark side because I'm bad, you know, and I was really into it
Yeah, I thought it really kind of
Enriched the game on a different level. Unfortunately the game itself got a little stale for me
But I thought that the way the story was told was great and I can see why people get so into like Mass Effect and stuff
It's it's a series. I've got to get into at some point, but I just you know again a huge time scene
God, I make it sound like I play nothing. I've like missed all these big game
I swear I play a lot of the big games. It's just
somehow I missed all the ones I see I I kind of like
how the you have set lore for a while, even though they've been trying to retcon it, but I
Don't I don't know I'm always like what I want a story
I mean if I want a game that's gonna give me the option then I will play it specifically for that
But for the most part I I like it when they've given me a story and playing it is like reading a book
All right. Let's read some of the answers from our
Facebook and Google or a foogle because it is to show where every gamer has a voice. We'll start with zither
I like Mass Effect so far since I bought both games on Steam
But I'm not entirely sure if I really like BioWare's RPGs
The general consensus seems to be that after EA bought them out their RPGs began to suck in both gameplay and story aspects
As much as I love the environment and gameplay in the first Mass Effect a game knowing that the third game
Which I may never play because of origin may be terrible story wise is pushing me towards the not sure if like side
At origin enhancement really turning people off
I'd be curious for zither why he wouldn't just pick it up on a console then where he doesn't have to worry about origin
But maybe the quality thing is is well, yeah with consoles. You still have to do the EA server thing
That's true in fact with SSX. I just download the demo for they wanted me to sign up for that and do the server thing
I'm like nah play offline
All right, I've had enough of the theme music. I think we should just run it once all right, uh Derek H
Responds, I'm not because one if I'm trying to save the universe
Why can I only take two people with me when I have a ship full of Marines and two it's become a glorified virtual girlfriend
Simulation and three I just don't like RPGs
interesting
That Derek kind of brings up that the whole lovemaking
Scenes have kind of taken over what the rest of the game is really supposed to be about cuz it does seem like whenever one
Of these games come out. It's all about who can you fuck?
Now it's male male and it is male male and apparently the scene is only so so and it's really boring
Yeah, and there's some pretty hot chick stuff
You know, but if you want the boobies, it's all about the witcher to okay. I'll be out in April
That's some that's got some hardcore stuff in there and Derek does bring up an interesting point where you know for being such an open-ended
Game, it's not that open-ended
I think that's kind of what I read in the between the lines on the first bullet point so interesting thoughts there
Let's see going to Thomas B. Bioware games are pretty good. Especially the Mass Effect series
I like that there generally are at least three paths to take in conversation
Paragon renegade and paragade lots of RPGs are so linear that you may as well have the dialogues automatic or just show cutscenes between the
fighting
Robert w says Mass Effect 1 was amazing Dragon Age was great as well
Then the sequels to both were hugely
Disappointing to me when it seemed that they had an identity crisis when it tried to appeal to everyone and forgot what the originals were
You know, I've heard that a lot especially about Dragon Age 2 except from Dark Sakura
Why keep in mind I didn't play the first one. Okay, you should go back
See I heard Mass Effect 2 would be more
So me where I thought the first game is a little slow and cumbersome. Where is the second one's more? I guess like a shooter
All right. Let me read two more here. Um, so well, apparently this third one is like pick your combination
Do you want more story you want more shooter? That's what it sounds really interesting about the third. I will takes shooting and boobies
You don't want to shoot the boobies. No, no, no, she's she's not combined together
Although topless six shooting bots. I'd be fine with that. Why isn't that a game topless chick shooting?
Or is it only time I'm trying to think if I'm trying to think if that is a game. All right, look
two more answers here
still in
Resplies, I like the way that Bioware tells the stories and how I can interact with NPCs
I've played Dragon Age and felt really connected to my character and her companions because of that way of conversation
I skipped the Mass Effect series because I thought that sci-fi games wouldn't be for me
However, after playing swo tour and actually really loving the relationships
I can get with my companions and being dragged into my character's story
I actually am tempted to pick up Mass Effect 1 & 2 secondhand for my PlayStation 3 and start playing the series
Is it bad that I'm already pondering who to romance?
Not at all and lastly Shane from courthouse funny enough for applies and says for the most part at least for me
Bioware creates the most immersive RPGs on the market if you care about your character because the argument could be made that like Bethesda
Creates the most immersive RPGs minus things to do with your characters development
They faltered a bit on Dragon Age 2 by taking away a lot to do with the development of your character
And thought it'd be cool to add a terrible story compared to Dragon Age origins
But in terms of storytelling and use of conversation trees Mass Effect has been spot-on for two games
I'm looking forward to Tuesday's release of Mass Effect 3 hardcore
Because of the love they put into developing their characters in world definitely not because of the way the game plays
Sounds to me like Shane might be more in it for the story mode as opposed to the boobies and gun mode. So there you go
That's our frugal question of the week. Thanks you guys for applying
We'll catch you next Sunday with our next frugal question of the week. Meanwhile, let's get back with some more news Loki
Yes, let's talk a little bit about
Capcom and about a game being released this week
Street Fighter X Tekken
Of course, there's been a lot of discussion with DLC including, you know
first off that the PlayStation versions are gonna have some exclusive characters with
crappy box art Mega Man and
Pac Man and then on top of that the Vita is supposed to be getting 12 characters that are exclusive to it
with those characters being
Alina, Guy, Cody, Sakura, Dudley, Blanca, and I guess
Alisa, Christy, Jack, Brian, Lars, and Ley
Those are all I guess
Supposed to be in the Vita version in
the fall
however
apparently
Apparently that they're already available on the disc as DLC
They're already on the disc. I'm actually the Pac Man and
Bad box art Mega Man is that's gonna be released on the 13th, I believe
or at least next week and
Those are gonna be free DLC if you have the ps3 version
Funny enough though those are also on the Xbox 360 disc as some people already have those discs and have
dug through and actually dumped some of the videos the intro and
Ending videos from those characters, and they're on both discs, so it comes down to
You know what the hell it's all paid unlock content all this shit was done way before
You release the game and usually in games like this it would be like unlock characters
You play well, and you get some new you know characters
But because we're in a day and age where it's fun to charge money for a shit that would normally be free
Then that's what they did. It's on the actual disc and here's the best part about it, too
There's actually the Xbox 360 version I believe
There's a way to glitch out the game to actually play as one of the unlocked characters or play as Alina
I guess or not really Alina, but as
It's a trick to load Alina's character data instead of poisons, so
Wait the one from Street Fighter 3
Yes, I loved her yes, so there's a way to unlock. I guess her player data, so you can play with all of her moves as
poison
But you know through a glitch in the game, so
That's kind of weird that all these characters that they claim were your PlayStation exclusive of course
Come on folks. I mean are you that surprised that these are gonna be on both systems
You look at Namco and look what they do Soulcalibur 4 and fucking the Yoda and Darth Vader
You knew that those were gonna be downloadable on the other systems because they can make a buck off of it
So why not, but I just have a problem with them
Just doing this as far as putting the content on the disk already because it doesn't to me
And this is one of the things before it. It's just the perception of it
It doesn't seem like it's something that was added later on
But if it's something on the disk that you're under you're unlocking people feel entitled because they own the disk well
They think they own the disk you're really licensing the disk, but fuck that you own the disk okay, and
You have the data on the disk already
Why aren't you being you know? Why is it being locked out?
It would be like if you bought a house, and there's a room. That's locked that you have to pay money to get the key to
Yeah, it's your house. You own it, but you can't access that room because too bad
It's locked it's the classic example of pay to unlock content which Namco especially has been guilty of a lot in the past now
I realize the Street Fighter cross Tekken is the Capcom version of the game, but they've they've done some of this too
Yeah, so well. Yes. It's disappointing. It really is. I mean. It's it's disappointing first off that it doesn't really
First off the extra 12 characters that they're talking about once. I found out who they were I was like yeah
The Vita version doesn't seem that great, but it's something that you know that well. They're not really exclusive
It's just gonna be available to everybody eventually for a price
So who knows and here's the even sadder part if you really want to look at it that way you know
You know this is gonna be up on you know
The scene sites and stuff like that right they hack keys for games like easy
This is all those characters are gonna be unlocked on the pirated copies
The first week I this just confirms for me
I'm not gonna buy the game when it comes out because you know I was
Considering getting it even though I knew this in the back of my mind
There'll be a year edition best of the year edition or whatever inevitably
And I think now that the discs are already practically made that way
There's for sure gonna be a year-end edition at the end of the year once all these characters are released
That will include everything it'll be the same disc with the in there exactly right because that's how they don't have to press it
Twice and they can reuse the old copies
But I think I think that's exactly the grand scheme of what's going on here, and it just confirms for me
you know what Rob you need to wait and
I
Wonder if there's gonna be other people that are where I'm at that'll send a clear message when we don't buy this game and I
Understand that you know the developers will come out and they will say well listen. We plan to have DLC I
Have a problem when they always say they plan to have DLC. Yeah, I you know I understand like Bethesda
We plan to have expansions to Skyrim. Yeah, okay that makes sense that you're gonna plan to have it expansions
But that fucking content was not already on the disc it was not on the disc
It's stuff that's added you know after the fact you'll be like hey
You know what we thought these characters would be cool to have in the game
We didn't have time to put them in there, so we're gonna go ahead and create those characters
and we're gonna sell them as DLC remember fucking happened with was it Jill Valentine and
Shima graph or whatever where that was already on the disc as well with Marvel vs. Capcom 3 yes
And they were like five bucks for each fucking character
$5 per
character
Capcom never forget that they charge
Five dollars for those fucking characters. Do you think that this is gonna be any different five?
Dollars per character how much was it five dollars per character?
$4.99
for 99 US dollars for 99
No, so I'm just saying it's
Don't think that they won't try this shit because they will and come on
I hope that you're smart enough to know that if this is you know a deal-breaker for you if these and they'll be honest
They're they're older characters. It's not like oh my god. It's now. You know Klonoa's in there and shit
You know it's not anything and that would really be the only thing that would kind of get me
They'll be all hey a bunch of new characters
I mean come on Blanca me you know if I want to play as Blanca in a game like that
I could just play you know Street Fighter 4 or something like that
Um I do want to make something clear here before I get the nasty emails
And it's like you know well Rob you bought Final Fantasy 13 too, and now they're putting out all this DLC for it
And it's inevitable that all that's gonna be repackaged at the end of the year, too
And there's two things I have to say to that one
It's actually DLC you are downloading this extra stuff
You know like the fights and the side content and all that and B
I also you know I have a much bigger love of art role-playing games
And I unlike a lot of you really liked Final Fantasy 13 and so I was really excited about Final Fantasy 13 too
Whereas with fighting games. I'm a little worn out on fighting games right now like yeah
I still got I still have a lot of Soulcalibur 5. I need to explore and you know some of these other fighting games
I've got that I haven't played enough of so it's like do I need to be the first one to own Street Fighter cross Tekken
When I realize that there's gonna be more to come later on no, I don't think I need to be the first to own it
and so
Maybe it's a double standard
But I think it's it's a question a lot of people are asking and you know and you have to you can't go into this
not knowing
What their their mo is nowadays with these fighting games they release a fucking version of a game then they upgrade it slightly later on
They'll be balancing tweaks or whatever. I mean they fucking did that was Street Fighter 4
They have Street Fighter 4 then Super Street Fighter 4 then Super Street Fighter 4 arcade edition
Then they have you know Marvel vs. Capcom 3 and ultimate Marvel vs.
Capcom 3 with extra characters and DLC and stuff like that of course they're gonna do that shit
They're they're gonna do it and so why should we be so naive to think that oh?
I need to pay $60 for this game right now when you can pay $60 down the road or maybe $50 who knows
And just pick up the game with all the DLC
Yeah, are you gonna be missing out in the game? You know for a while?
Yeah
But you know what you need to get if that's such a big deal
Then you need to get over the fact that you need to have stuff day one as soon as you get over the fact that
You need to have games day one. Oh my god your options get so much cheaper and so much better because
You're looking at games that are released like for example Mortal Kombat if you want to get it in on Mortal Kombat right now
Yeah, it came out about a year ago, but you can get it now for the same price
Maybe even less now with all the DLC thrown in so you're saving yourself some money
Instead of having to buy season passes for four games. Yeah pre-order download content
That's what a fucking season pass is they did that with Saints Row the third Gears of War well
You know there's a little difference though between Gears of War and like Call of Duty Elite service at least that you kind of know
What you're getting, but gears are Saints Row the third. It's been cheap ass
DLC expansions with like 30 minutes of content for $7 each
No, thanks. I you know what's interesting if I've counted this up correctly
There's 38 characters in Street Fighter X Tekken by default
And then there's an additional what we have 12 characters on the Vita and then five
Extra guest characters so about 17, so that's about I mean I'm doing sloppy math here
But that's about so what 50 characters total 55 characters 17 of them are behind a paywall
That's a quarter of the game a quarter of the game is paid to unlock
That is crazy that I think that that's too far and three months from now ultimate edition
the for real a
Quarter of the game is on the disc and you're gonna have to pay possibly possibly five dollars per character
Possibly if track record is to be followed
Yeah, I mean, let's just let's just say that they're gonna be reasonable and do two character packs five bucks each
That's still I
Mean buying all the DLC will be the price of the full
You know re-release of the game when it comes out in the year or less because you know look at you know
Ultimate Marvel vs. Capcom that only came out about nine months later
February was or I believe is February that Marvel vs. Capcom 3 was released November was when the sequel came out or the
Upgrade came out and you know what to be fair with ultimate Marvel vs. Capcom 3 at least they added something to that
You know the DLC characters were thrown in and a whole lot more
Which made it kind of sting even more for the people about the original Marvel vs. Capcom 3
They now to be fair. There could be another element
That is download like included with the unlock that is actually downloaded. We don't know. I mean, I know it it's
Snowballs chance in hell, but we don't know it could happen that could enrich what we're assuming and straight up
And that's not where it ends. You know if you think about it. Remember they have this whole gem system now and
They're gonna be selling those gem cards or whatever
that's
Cha-ching show me the money. I hate that our console games are turning into
Crap Facebook games. Here's the problem though
And the problem is because people are such hardcore fans out there for these games that they're willing to pay this kind of money
So people are willing to do that. Look at Skylanders
Skylanders is a ridiculous cash-in thing and people cannot get a
Enough of that game and I'm telling you these people right now
You are the downfall of this goddamn, you know industry
This is what's gonna turn into because you cannot fucking get some I
Don't sense to yourself that you're like, I don't have these stupid figures that don't do anything
I mean you're collecting little figures that don't do anything and what are they gonna do?
They're gonna sell more expensive figures that don't do anything the next time around and you're gonna buy them because you're a consumer whore
But you know what if you don't buy into it, they'll stop doing it and maybe this shit will go away
They'll start actually saying hey, you know what?
let's put everything out of this because when we start adding, you know DLC that's already all of this people don't fucking like it and then
that's not a viable means of
your revenue anymore, but unfortunately, this is the way things are going and
That's it. So you just gotta play smart you buy the game
you know
either buy it used later on buy it for cheap buy it later when the game of the year edition comes out and just
Give it some time. I'm going to our chat room SSJ 100 Matt says Rob. You're talking me out of my pre-order. You know, I'm not I
I
Well, I talked myself out of it earlier this week. So I'm just trying to be honest
I'm not saying like if you buy this you're dumb or anything like that
No
I think you just have to ask yourself
How much is this game worth to you because Capcom is about to try and charge you double for it basically and for some people?
That is that is worth it to them and that some passionate fighting game fans are gonna be lined up day one
There is nothing wrong with that. But for me, I don't consider it to be a worthy investment
Some people would side-eye me going. What are you doing ordering this collector's edition of Final Fantasy 13, too
Did you play the first game? Oh, isn't that good? But I'm like, you know what? I enjoyed it enough
I'm gonna take a risk on it, you know, so you really just have to value for you. Is
Is it worth it when you know, this is coming?
That's what it's really about is it worth it? I don't think so, but that's me
Every gamer gets a voice. I
Mean, it looks like a neat game, but maybe we should just wait
We can pick it up at Christmas. I don't time to play it right now anyways, so
Oh, I I'm telling I'll get it when the year-end edition comes out, but I I
Don't know what series if fighting games. I'm willing to buy day one anymore. Maybe Soul Calibur and that's about it
But I really like Soul Calibur
Well, there's a lot of games like I'm not I know a lot of series of games that are gonna come out
They're gonna have like game of the year additions
Like, you know Borderlands 2 I know is gonna have a game of the year edition at some point
But you know what? That's a game where the DLC was worth it
That was something it wasn't on the disc already and they put some effort into that shit. You know Skyrim is gonna be
Flipping epic DLC. Yeah, they're gonna have a game of the year edition of Skyrim because they got the room to do it
They can put it on one disc. It's gonna be awesome. And that's fine. But like
you know
Fighting games. I'm not gonna give my money to because I know that they're gonna come out with some sort of addition
That's gonna be cheaper later on and just like stuff that I'm kind of ho-hum about. I'm just gonna wait on
Dark Sakura, you look like you want to comment on this or jump in here?
Actually, it was something that I wanted to mention speaking of Skyrim. This is just before I forget it
Someone's done a berserk patch for Skyrim for PC where you can play as got to from berserk nice
Just saying you need to go look at Alan by the way is almost 200 hours Skyrim. It's pretty awesome
You got to go see the portal thingy. He downloaded the valve mod official thing. He's got like Wheatley in his bag. That's awesome
Yeah, anyhow. All right, we need to move on in the interest of time
To cover some other stories if you want to send us a mailbag on this topic
I'm sure a lot of you have something to say mailbag at orange laundry calm
Where do you stand? Maybe that'll be the question of the week next week the food old thing. I don't know. We'll see
Alright, let's move on. Um
This is kind of controversial this contest going on at Atari and it's in a nutshell make your own version of pong to win
Six digits a hundred thousand dollars and a publishing agreement with Atari
You do your own version of pong you submit to March 31st your own take on pong and it's gonna be judged by a panel
That includes Nolan Bush Bushnell who did the first pong?
Three winners will get prize money and you'll actually get to publish your games on the iOS Apple Store now
There's a lot of controversy going on with this because some websites are reporting the whole little contract for this game. Is that
Let's see
according to gamasutra
Atari's pong indie developer challenge seeks to get all entrants to give away game ideas to Atari that Atari can then exploit and the entrant
relinquishes all further interest in the idea Atari then selects 20
Semifinalists to put in months of work into building out their ideas and a playable versions that Atari has full ownership over
Half of those finalists then get a modest 5k payment for putting in even more work to complete their game
finally the top three winners will receive half of the advertised prize as a result of their work and are then subjected to a
Horrendous royalty structure as they seek to earn out the rest of their awarded prize
so in other words you're having to develop this whole game and you might get nothing and Atari owns it and
Atari
Atari's not doing too. Well, okay. I don't know if any ways notice Atari Atari
All that Atari has right now going for it is the witcher 2 which is coming, you know to
Consoles as well now. Well Xbox 360
and
test drive Ferrari Racing Legends, which
It's not exactly a strong title. That is it. I mean, so
Yeah, maybe they're gonna relaunch pong. I mean they try to a centipede in that bombed
So I always think that pong on the PlayStation years ago. I mean, I
Don't know you honestly you could probably get away with pong version out there on the iOS platform
And they probably wouldn't even notice. You know what this all sounds like to me is it sounds like
American Idol
You know how like on American Idol if you're in the top
50 you have to sign some type of contract that you're like Fox owns your ass for a year and then all those people don't
Get through and they're fucked like they can't do anything
They can't put out their own because they've had the limited exposure on the show
But they weren't in the top 12 like I know that's a fucking weird comparison
but it's kind of the same thing like if you're the runner-up in this contest Atari's gonna own your game and
You don't get much out of it
But let's be fair
I mean
I don't think coding a pong game is gonna be too much of a challenge
Punk for the person who's gonna reinvent it which by the way whoever made pong combat in the 1990s just needs to revive that idea
Yeah, I remember pong combat on the PC. Nope. Oh my god. I have it had pong paddle fatalities and everything it was hilarious
Oh my god. It was like oh god. I was in like junior high or high school
It's like 94 95 when this game was out the pong combat was great
All right somebody in our somebody in our chat room must know what I'm talking about
All right
Let's go to the mailbag. Do we have emails tonight?
We got one, but it's from Bobby
Alright, well a Bobby email will have to do tonight mailbag at orange lounge radio comm is where you guys send us emails every week
Here we go
Since Rob won't read my chat comments because Loki already started another story
The reason you don't see many 99 cent games on 3ds vita, but do on iOS is it's because of licensing fees
It costs $99 a year to get as many apps as you want on the App Store
You have to pay more than that per title to be on the 3ds slash vita
So the prices have to be higher to recoup licensing fees now Rob
I need your help on something to circumvent something. So read the last paragraph, please
Allow he's you know, he's trolling you with this. All right, here we go. I'll read this is why I'm having you read it
This is total troll bait. Are you sure you want to go? I'm having you read it
All right, so that it completely negates a statement, you know, they say don't read feed the trolls. I'm negating a statement
But having you read it. All right, here's the last last paragraph of Bobby black wolf
Host of the Bobby black will show at all games radio whose opinions are his own. Yes
Oh and the US soundtrack to sonic CD is far far far superior to the Japanese soundtrack
This is a verifiable fact. And since dark soccer just said this in her voice. It is doubly true
haha
counter troll
Counter troll well played dark soccer
Lies, so wait, my voice doesn't mean anything
But I'm this I'm the Sega nerd
It's a trap sweet
sweet
Vengeance Bobby black wolf is protesting live in our chat room
If you want to start a protest here at Orange, Ontario mailbag at Orange lounge radio is the place to send your angst
Do not try to outsmart the ducks dark Sakura speaking of I have been trolling since I was born
true I pooped on my granny once
You really want to share that on this program my mom already did on this program, right? It's been a long ten years. All right
And speaking of angst
If you to the potential of having to take a job in customer service again, I really I mean, okay
I'm good at it. I'm good at dealing with people all
Appearances on the show to the contrary, you know, I'm really freaking good at customer service
But I did it. I've done it for a long time and I don't want to keep doing it. I want to work in design
So tell Capcom or whoever
that I have amazing grammatical skills know how to use my spell checker and
Know how to use a dictionary and a thesaurus
You may be screwed by Association for Capcom based on earlier rants on this program. I
Didn't say the views and opinions. Hello
Keep in mind I have probably every fighting game cap comes ever made including cyber BOTS Capcom's number one game. I
Have the deluxe version to have two copies of it anyway, so go to GDC I wish
but
It's it's just really difficult because I have experience in my field
I have I've got clients who will vouch for me
But they want that extra piece of paper that says that I've you know, basically taking classes and stuff. I know how to do
Gee, well, I've done a bunch of classes and stuff. I already know how to do do I have to do more classes and stuff?
I know how to do so and and you know, I have nothing against going to school
I love going to school and I love taking classes and I like learning from not just my teachers
But from the other people in my classes the people around me, you know my peers
But at the same time I really really
Would like to have the stuff that I can do be recognized. That's all
I've got a few people who are who are giving me some work. So that's good. But I need I need some regular work
Just saying done
Mr. Loki
Fuck you for drinking them with a two-liter Pepsi. That's a lot of Pepsi
You did it. Yeah
Almost almost it's almost empty, but I'm ladders gonna say fine
I'm not gonna finish that my a few of the week goes to believe it or not pizza
And I'm not talking about the pizza
I gotta toss those two because they can't I can't really leave them my car take it home
But I had pizza earlier in the week. Maybe really take it home. Well, because it we don't have room in our fridge for it
You're gonna toss it. Maybe Alan will eat it for lunch tomorrow. Yeah, you can you can have the rest
I mean, it's just I don't know
If you do I have almost a full bag if you do the credit music starting early, um, that's really it
if you do pizza, but
Bless you to that amazing crazy bread, which I will also have another piece of
All right, awesome
All right
Let's end the FU music. Oh my god, crazy bad crazy bread
It was good hot cold lukewarm wet if you think if you love crazy bread
I'm telling you you got to try their new their new breadsticks that they have
Less food more games. Oh, no. No, it's just like it's epic. It's got pepperoni
Who's paying you guys off tonight? Like if this whole thing will have to it's delicious. All right hormones
All right hormones have been being you up. All right, five stories and then Twitter topics at twitter.com slash
Oh LR and the Skype line the 800 numbers busted tonight. We do have a standby number
I will give it to you gets closer to the Skype line or hurry up and at us on Skype at orange lounge radio
We'll get there in a minute for now Loki. I don't want to talk about this, but
Justin Bieber, it's being sued by a game company
That put out a game called joustin beaver
It's a beaver. That's jousting things with a pole and
Yes, obviously it's parody and it's cheap and the ripoff
the Justin Bieber name
but
Anyway, so wind up happening is Justin Bieber are his lawyers. I should say
Fields of the game is infringing on
his
Trademark and publicity. So it's the other way around. It's the other way around. Oh, just so so they Justin Bieber is doing Justin Bieber
well, they sent
you know a
C synthesis or whatever and the company ours
RC3 that made the game feels that the game is parody and protected under the First Amendment and
they said of course the parody app portrays beaver floating now a log on a river and the beaver presents
Are just presented with bangs and the lance in a purple sweater the beaver knocks off
fought hogs and
Attempts to or to take his do young lady do young twelve-year-old lady beavers faint in his presence
you're basically fighting like the paparazzi as pigs and
Yeah, so I guess the beaver also signs otter graphs and
Yeah, my god
It's just so just to be clear just because I thought when you originally said this you said that that the joustin beaver folks were
Suing Justin Bieber, which I thought was ridiculous. That's his name. No, that is what they're doing
They're suing him because because they're suing each other
Yeah, because the fact that they're trying to you know, cease and desist this and they're saying well, we're protected by the first amendment rights
Okay, and so we're I get to you know, so Justin Bieber's company sued these guys
And now it's a counter suit saying you're full of shit. Really. They should be sued by the people who'd made tuben
Honestly, it looks like yeah
and really I
Mean also Justin be just his teeth aren't that bad. Let's be real
I mean, I can't believe I'm fucking defending. I know the the beavers teeth are not as bad as the real thing picture exists
this picture of
Justin Bieber dressed up like he's going into Tron with fucking he looks like the Ozzy Osbourne like
Like some creepy devil guy that's in Tron or you know
Who should be suing joustin beaver is sue Sylvester from glee because that looks more like sue Sylvester than Justin Bieber
I mean, let's be real, you know, I
Mean, it's fun to hate on the other popular singer and yeah, whatever, you know, it's not it's not music
That's our demographic at all. So that's fine. Whatever, you know
But at the same time hey, come on, man, you released an app. That's just it's just different enough
You're just cashing in on the high. It's Justin Bieber
I'm gonna download this because it's a beaver but it's not really Justin Bieber is funny
And you know what?
It just appeals to those people there that fucking dumb that will buy any of this stupid bullshit or that poke
These are the people they're on gold thing. Yes. Yes, the yellow yellow. Pokemon yellow thing
These are the people that are also dumb enough to buy
Fucking down our on diss download content for Street Fighter cross Tekken. So
a comedy gold from our chat room tonight. There's a to drink minimum in chat tonight. Just wait for this stuff
Let's see going to our chat. I'm a chat that orange lounge radio.com
Sj100 Matt says 12 year old beavers. This show has gone down a dark path. You know what I meant?
jerk
Let's see. DDR dollar bill says I sue you you sue me. Let's go and sue everybody
I really did just sing that on the show
Um
message a 100 Matt says I want to sue both of them for wasting my time well said and
Blackwolf says Rob likes glee. Lol. No, I do not. I like the first half
I'd like the first half of the first season and then I'm like this joke is done. This joke is over
This is like this is this is the guy that won't leave the party
And Justin Bieber's company hasn't sued them yet
it's just that they received this a cease and desist letter and so now, you know that company is flying filing a
Counter suit or a suit before the other suits, so
Yeah, whatever
All right, let's move on to something less
You know and I feel bad that we even talked about that game because now there's like oh hey
We got our game talked about people are going to be interested in and really it should just die
With all those other really crappy knockoff games. I have like I have a punch Obama. I haven't played it
I can't knock on a game till I play. Yeah. Yeah, you can. Okay, maybe a little bit. All right
Well, believe it or not. This is something older much older than Justin Bieber who turned 18 this week
Can you believe it but this guy's turning 30?
No, it's not me. That was already happened the Pac Man
Pac Man is getting a new 3d animated series
It is produced by a former Marvel executive Avi Arad is doing this
Now I'm called bond. I actually announced that it is going to be shown. It's got the pilot has been picked up for a full series
It's gonna be on Disney XD in fall
2013 I love Disney XD because it makes me think of the face XD
But Disney XD is also where the Tron on a main thing is gonna be so they're you know
Picking up some new work and Phineas and Ferb
This is called pack. Where does Adventure Time show because I like that show but I are to network
Okay
I only ever watch it on like Netflix and stuff but that shows I know and I did I did watch Phineas and Ferb one day
And it actually was pretty good Phineas and Ferb is awesome. Anyhow back to Pac Man
This new series is called Pac Man. The Adventure begins
I don't think it has anything to do with the old 80s cartoon, but it should be noted
You know Pac Man has been a cartoon once before but this is going that whole
Pixar route, although I don't know if this will be it's just because that shit's cheaper to produce nowadays and actually hand drawing anything
That's why it's all CG animated kind of sad
but true it doesn't make
All right, doesn't not make sense. Okay, Ron Matt. Well you saying Avi Arad left Marvel
Disney owns Marvel
Remember Disney owns Marvel
The end that's true get some Marvel rides at Disneyland
Yeah, hey, I always you know
If they end up building a third park in Anaheim, which has been rumored for years as soon as they get to Disney, California
So where are they gonna put parking in space?
underground
Underground in space. There's no there's a whole nother law
All they have to do is build another parking structure
Well, one of the lot where the Toy Story lot is now and they have a whole other space back in there
That they could use
They could build another a third part subterranean park
I don't think it'll be right next door to the other parks, but Florida's kind of spread out a little bit
So it could work. Anyway, this isn't a Disney podcast. I'm trying to make it one
But I could see a Marvel theme park competing with Six Flags
Hmm makes sense. Mm-hmm all those Six Flags has the DC properties because they have the Batman ride that is air the Superman ride
and anyway
Let's move on more stories dark soccer. You're next. I'm sorry. I'm wondering where Perry is. Okay
This is a sad chapter in gaming
Basically, and I can never pronounce this. I don't know how to pronounce this guy's name, right? His name is Aris
Bactanians, I guess
he was
Interviewed as part of a fighting game thing going on the cross-assault reality show that Capcom does and they were doing a promotion
for Tekken cross assert fright for sheep right across Tekken and
And he apparently was saying some
rather lewd things about the only female that was participating in that who happened to be his team member and
Like
Talking about how she should take off her shirt and all kinds of really just awful hideous things
And so finally a Capcom person, you know
basically said the views and opinions expressed by cast members in the live segment of cross-assault do not reflect those of Capcom as
a
Company Capcom believes that everyone should be treated with respect and you basically they said we're sorry
If anyone got offended on our show, we are completely distancing ourselves from this guy
You know what? This reminds me of speaking of like crazy analogies since I compared something American Idol earlier
This really reminds me of things that have happened on the CBS show big brother
We're contested because you know, the cameras are always on a big brother
My understanding about this reality show is it's not like the tester
it's something that's always live and some people on Big Brother have said some really dumb things like one gal in one season said these really
Ignorant things about Jewish people and just got you know, and the clip was on YouTube and she got taken to the cleaners
I mean this poor guy probably didn't find work
Oh, I shouldn't say this poor gal because she said it and it was a dumb thing to say
And she couldn't find work after the show
And then some some other guy in another season said like Dumbledore was a bad influence and shouldn't be in a kids book
Cuz he's gay I am paraphrasing
I'm not giving you the exact quote but guys people in these reality shows have put their foot in their mouth before and the networks
Have to say hey, hey
This isn't our opinion. This is just you know, some people were throwing money at to you know
Make fools of themselves on television. Well, just one of his quotes here
So this is a community that's you know
15 or 20 years old and the sexual harassment is part of a culture and if you remove that from the fighting game community
It's not the fighting game community at Starcraft
Um, you know what I'm gonna say this as
I've worked in Namco arcades and regularly kicked people's asses when taken three came out
No, I never experienced any of that. I've had a perfectly wonderful
Experience in the fighting game community for as long as I've been in it because the people that I hung out with were not assholes
like you
End of story
He's just an asshole
He is a misogynistic head up his ass asshole
Like he could probably smell his own, you know shit really really well
I don't know. He probably thinks it doesn't stink do it like part of me
you know part of me wants to be that whole hippie angle like oh
Well, maybe the guy was just under a lot of pressure and you know being on a reality show
It's got to be a lot of pressure and maybe some dumb stuff leaves your mouth and all this stuff
But then the more I think about I'm like nah cuz he's trying to kind of throw the gaming community under the bus
for something that
Seems to be something out of coming out of his mouth now granted later on in the talk
It talks about how it's been overheard at tournaments some really hideous things about particular characters that are female in games
They'll say really bad things. I don't care to repeat on this program, you know about about girl fighters
And I'm not talking about girls playing the game but girl fighters in the game will get called things that men fighters
Don't get called that are that are like ten times more hideous, you know, and and that's really unfortunate but I
Think it's also kind of ignorant to think that this is only part of the fighting game community
Like have you ever signed into Xbox Live?
Have you ever played a game on Xbox Live?
It's just people complaining that it's it's people that end up getting their asses kicked in games or whatever because and so they talk
Up a big, you know, they talk about big storm and then they get their ass handed to them
I've dealt with them all the time and you know Call of Duty or
Grand Theft Auto and stuff. It's just like oh, I'm gonna fucking I'm gonna kick your ass
You little bitch and blah blah and then you just beat the shit out of them and they quit
As 100 Matt in our chat room says but apparently plenty of people in the fighting game community agreed with him many professional players, too
Well, it's interesting what people will say behind the monitor. But as far as the professional players go, you know, I
What I the the silver lining to this story has if you can find one
Is that it does seem like the gaming community as a whole is largely rejecting this and saying we don't fucking tolerate this
Yeah, and I think that's exactly what needs to happen in all community and those professional gamers out
There might want to watch what they say
maybe maybe you shouldn't lend your comment to a story like this considering that you know, you have people sponsoring you and
Some companies maybe like mad cats or whatever might not want to sponsor someone that says oh
I think women women should go get raped or something like that, you know, because they were there whatever
I don't know making like how they basically say that whenever anyone uses Phoenix in
in NBC 3 I
Just to put a
Ironic spin of sorts on this, you know, this isn't
this isn't restricted to the fighting game community you remember this show was about the DDR community and
There's been a lot of great things in the DDR community
I've let him met a lot of wonderful people such as my co-host here on this show
I have met some awesome friends for life from playing that game, but I've also met people who will call me fat and ugly
just
based on
you know things that they may or may not know about me and it's just
Really interesting how some of that?
Comes back up all this time later
Wow, I was reading a little bit further into this and apparently she to basically
Get out of the match. She just started losing on purpose because it was really the the girl that was
You know made all that he made all those comments about she eventually started losing on purpose and the winner handed over all of his
prizes to her and
I thought that was
Pretty same time. You know what and and I understand that she felt offended by all this name-calling so it's fuck well on TV
Okay, I don't care if it's I'm a marginalizing her where the public can see it. That's national embarrassment. I understand. It's embarrassment
It's embarrassment to the person that's actually seen it. But you know what? It's a fucking embarrassed. He was an asshole
Okay, well then that's fine. He's fine being an asshole. But you know what it's getting into someone's head
That's part of playing a game and I understand that this kind of language is unacceptable as far as you know
It being on display and stuff, but at the same time you've got to fight through that. In fact, they weren't even playing
Okay, well still though. It's still he was saying it during an interview
Well, then he's just an asshole. So he was an asshole
Embarrassing a teammate
Well, he's an idiot then yeah, I mean there's no room for it
You have to drop even while playing the game and you're trying to psych somebody out
There's just a line that has to be drawn and this guy's crossing it
I mean, I'm all for you know
I'm all for playful ribbing but dear God some of the stuff you hear on Xbox Live is just repulsive
It's that's not that is it's not somebody trying to get in your head
It's just somebody trolling and saying things that they know are unacceptable in culture, you know and just things
that they they say because they're cowards and they're hiding behind their headset and their little monitors and saying these
Ridiculous things that would get their ass kicked in any public setting. Well, like I'll give you an example
when I'd play because I told you my first experience playing a land game was playing a Duke Nukem 3d and
When we were in there playing it was quiet except for the voice macros
but then I went later on and they had a private room land and
You just got people talking shit through the mic the whole time
And I was like it and it was some of the same people that played with before it's just when you get them set
it's like a different reality and
It's really nice but to have this done to your face and in front of all these people that's even worse
that's like the worst kind of marginalization and this guy honestly if
If I were a more violent person, I would just cut his tongue out
That's a bit extreme. I'd cut his tongue out in a story. That's that's a little crazy. I'm sorry
That's why I said if I was more violent, I would cut his tongue out in a room
Xenocore I think this is important to say
Guys, the main thing that needs attention here is the following one and this from our chair one
The person at fault here was the team coach someone in a supervisory position. Oh shit. I didn't know that
Too he was still there after the occurrence the fact that an entity will not remove someone that is acting appropriately
Should not be tolerated in a professional position. I
Will just throw this out there. I'm not gonna say I agree or disagree but in that crazy CBS comparison
I made a minute ago those houseguests who said the anti Jewish and the anti gay things were not thrown out of the house just
Not saying that's right or wrong. Just that it makes for better TV
Change channel
Well, why do you think I don't play online? Honestly, I I don't play online either unless I know the people
I mean, it's gotten to that point. It's it's gross and
There are certain communities of games
I will that's one thing I do kind of agree with that in some communities. You don't get it as much as in others
like
For example when I played on PSU for the most part I knew the kind of players I was playing with
There are people who were in the same kind of games that I was and if we had somebody like that
We would block them. I do that on Wow
You know, I'll even find people in trade chat that are just being complete assholes and block them for no
You know just because I don't want them to remotely message me or anything. I don't want to be around these people
and cuz sometimes I read trade chat because it's funny, but
It's a matter of putting yourself in that environment and I think that she went into this environment
Not expecting to pretty much be blasted in front of everybody that was there
so I
Mean if I knew I was gonna get I was going to a situation where that was gonna happen
Well, first of all, I do have to say in myself when I have been in those situations
I have stuck up for myself and have pretty much torn people apart
Because I don't take shit. I really don't I don't take crap. I don't care where I am. I won't take it
but
You know when you've got when you're you know, got a larger guy
Going off on you. It's really hard to kind of stand up
You know
She really either needed an advocate or he needed to be thrown out and he sort of does look like Hagrid from Harry Potter
Just saying or the guy from lost. I knock it off. All right
This is a very polarizing
Variety of opinions out there in the community
I'm sure a lot of you have something to say it is the show where every gamer has a voice
mail bag at orange laundry calm if you want to have your say or we'll be opening up the skype line in just a
Minute at username orange lounge radio on skype or are not toll-free number
It's our sub number tonight because the toll-free is down nine one six two two six ninety sixty seven is the phone number again
That is not toll-free. However, many of you with cell phones probably have nationwide long-distance, please
Please look up the rules of your carrier before you give us a call nine one six two two six ninety sixty seven
We have two more stories before we get there Loki
So Zynga is trying to get away from being supported purely by Facebook release majorly by Facebook
They are coming out with the Zynga platform. It's basically like a website
A run like a portal that you'll be able to kind of interact socially with other people
And be able to play games, you know
Like words with friends and stuff like that
It'll feature a live social stream where you'll be able to see your friends activities player profiles
Also selection of games from other companies as well and
they'll be
launching at Zynga comm
And probably in no way will copy Facebook because you know Zynga is a company that puts out completely original games
They would in no way rip off
You know social media website or anything. That's very successful
Not in least no not even Zynga minus will be the name of it face Zynga minus
they'll have a thing that's called the time stream instead of the timeline and
You know
They'll have approves instead of likes or you know thumbs up miles smiles
frowny faces I
I
Good riddance by I just don't know anyone who would go off to Zynga to do this
I mean
I think part of why Google Plus is struggling is because Facebook has its foot so damn jammed in the door
Why would you like are they gonna pull their games from Facebook?
Is that what they're planning on doing because why would I go somewhere assuming I'd play these games, which I'm not
Why would I go somewhere other than Facebook or first five levels on Facebook next 20 levels on Zynga minus?
Or whatever it's called for Zynga minus
Well, I don't think that Facebook would let them do that
All right
One more story for you guys tonight. Hey, this is this is kind of fun. I like these types of hacks
It's Mario meets portal. It's Mari zero
Mario or Mario and Leet speak it's a game of Super Mario Brothers played with the portal gun. I I
Don't know how I feel about the makers of this game. It's called stab yourself dotnet made this game
What a what a family-friendly vibe I get from that
It's that the same guy that made nesticle in Genesis. I don't know stab yourself dotnet released Mario
And you can actually there's this whole little youtubey trailer that shows you how it works
Which which is weird because they replace scenes from the wizard and all right, whatever
but it's fun because it's portal and the little cheap cheeps go flying in and out of portals and
They have like all sorts of cool stuff with that it is
A neat idea and there's like level editors and stuff like that in fact show all that stuff well keep scrolling through the end of
The let me go to the end of this little trailer here
level editor
I like have a little Mario kind of moves his hand at the guys painting different shares
Horse hats that's cool little super like literally Super Mario and four player co-op really it's kind of fun
Slow Mario
All for free get it before Nintendo shuts it down run don't walk
Although it has hit the internet now so once it's on the internet. It's on the internet
There's no how long how long before a cease-and-desist go there's no leaving the internet except in the case of
Being Bobby Brown which all episodes have vanished from the internet
Has it really and well they have pretty good lawyers apparently?
The kiss my ass clip hasn't left the internet though. No that has not it's good. It's good to know all right
Let's open up the skyline. We're running a little long tonight, but we got time
We'll do a couple quick calls here 187 excuse me. Sorry the 800 numbers busted tonight our non toll-free number again
Please check your local rules of your carrier
916
226
9067 or of course always free via Skype username is orange lounge radio all one word the skype line is open now
For your calls again. I'm only gonna give that number one more time, and I'll post it in chat to 9 1 6 2 2 6
9067 alright
Let's go to some tweets twitter.com slash
Olr
Let's see
Reading some chatroom comments here
Retertainment tweeted us kind of talking about something we were talking about earlier rumor has it the valve is working on a console called the steam
Also, Walmart is working on a console called the stoner employee
But a bunch it's a redder tainment live in our Chatham. Hey, we got calls coming in hi. You're on orange launch radio. Who's this?
It's Shane. Hey Shane. What's on your mind, buddy?
Yeah, effect three massive a god Mass Effect 3. Well. We read your comment earlier. What's what's what you thinking about Mass Effect 3?
I'm just thinking about how
You know Tuesday. I'm gonna spend all day trying to romance Caden
That's it don't even care about the story that day. That's a to try to get my
Sex on with Caden I guess now since I don't which sex should you take I?
Know since I don't follow the Mass Effect story very closely explain to me like
how these
Same gender opposite gender storyline or love mances are kind of integrated into the story I
Don't know well not for the family because this will be the first time by
Now Shepard can actually get with any guys
It's near the tree. Yeah, but couldn't wasn't there like female on female romance in the first game. It was all yeah everywhere
But that's disgusting why would I say that?
To you, maybe but to other people it's kind of hot
well it was I
Guess you could like romance this the sorry chick Liara
but she's like kind of you know the kind of not and then in the second one there is a
Girl named Kelly who is worthless
they can also let die that you can like have a fling with I guess but nobody cares about that because
Caden can be romanced in three and that's the most important development in this entire series and that is confirmed absolutely
Confirmed you can have hot gay sexy times with Caden
From everything I'm reading the official strategy guide says no
But you know those aren't always like a final versions that get but people are finding sound files
There's been pictures posted I guess and then somebody unlocked an achievement
Romancing him with the male Shepard, so
Yes, this is what I've been looking forward to for weeks now because that's as long as I've been into the series
Why is it limited to only certain characters? Do you think it's just kind of like an assets thing like because there's so much voice
Acting that goes into it and all this stuff
it could be that but honestly they're trying to build a world there and
As they probably saw with Dragon Age 2 if you make everybody bisexual it really takes away from
Like real true character development not everybody should be romancable by everybody else
All right, if you play the games Caden clearly wants you as a male Shepard. He just won't act on it
I'm gonna assume that gay Lovins isn't the only reason you play Mass Effect. Although maybe it is
Why no, it's it's like the best sci-fi story. I have experienced since probably Battlestar Galactica
There you go. I'm really into the characters and the different races and like just the back story is really interesting
Here's my question. I you know have kind of missed the boat on Mass Effect
Um, it convinced me I should play Mass Effect and what game should I start with?
Should I go back and start with one or should I just jump right into three?
No, you should not just jump right into three because every game carries
Information over from the previous one with the exception of one obviously and three and that one will give you default
Choices that you will could have made in the previous games and you will come up like such an evil terrible person
If you start with the default choices from what I've read like you let some of your team members die
You don't care about a lot of things. You're pretty much just a complete jerk
But what what would you be playing it on? That's how I'll tell you what to start with
Well, cuz I was gonna say I want to play it on PlayStation 3 because that's kind of my console right now
But they don't have Mass Effect 1 on it
No
But if you pick up two it has this thing called Mass Effect Genesis where you play an inert like an interactive
graphic novel of the first thing so you make
Choices that are important in the first game through that graphic novel that will carry into the second one
But but then I would say play it on PC, but play it on PC
Because you can usually get them pretty cheap like I've seen a lot of $5.00 sales for both one and two
But then I don't know trophies
They have achievements though
You really need trophies. I need to increase my trophy level my trophy levels pathetic Shane. I
Think mine is too, but I don't care
Like started beyond one trophy
Hits done in our chat room says so there's actually an achievement for the gay option now now all the completionists will see it true
Is it to is that true?
No, no the paramour
It's just a pair more achievement from where I understand which is when you romance any character as any Shepherd. There you go
So I could have got that with stupid that Chobot chick from IGN her character
Acidic vampire in chat says Genesis is still not the same as the full experience
Oh, no, it won't be but it'll still have some important decisions that you actually get to make decisions off now
Remember, I know I'm terrible Shane. I am terrible at shooters. Well, I still okay
All right, well the first one barely qualifies as a shooter. So if you got that on PC, you would be fine. Um
You don't have to worry about ammo you worry about overheating your gun and there are classes
That play like mages or kind of play like rogues and stuff like that. So it's that you can handle to
More shooting than the first game, but it also goes a lot quicker like the combat
So it's not so bad 3 is just pretty much a shooter from what I can tell from the demo
But it's still really fun. You know, it's a shooter, right?
What you can also disable the shooter from what I hear like there's like story only mode or short for shooting mode
You can't it's funny because they give you that option to demo but I haven't even tried
The the story only or the shooting only I just go back to the the default
That's the effect experience. I should probably do that at some point. All right
I need one decision in the first game that is hunting me now and I kind of want to start the entire series over
But I only have tomorrow. That's such a you know, I can't do it. All right, Shane
I gotta let you go so we can get more calls
But um, I I will give it some thought if I can tear myself away from Wow
And you saw those pictures of Kayden, so, you know what you're missing out on send me more
I think I might need more when you unlock the special scene. Send me a copy
When what when you unlock the special scene, send me a copy. I'll pick fraps pictures with it. All right, sounds exciting. All right
All right. Bye
All right. I thought at first he said faps pictures and I'm like, oh that's kind of awkward
I don't need to I don't know that's we're friends not like that. No fraps Oh fraps. That's what he said fraps
More calls the skylines lighting up tonight. Hi, you're on orange launch radio. Who's this?
Yo guys is Preston from OKC. How you doing? Hey, how you doing?
Xenocore, of course Xenocore from Oklahoma City. What's on your mind tonight? Not much, man
I wasn't sure if I talked about on this show, but I've been playing a bit of air mech
Here's Ogg's way clone that got made last year. No, I don't know about this. Tell me more about this
Alright, it's on the the Android the Chrome Android marketplace and it plays within the Chrome browser
But essentially it's here's Ogg's way in a 3d environment
Not a full 3d game might you still place like the old here's Ogg's way, but it's updated in 3d and stuff. It's really cool
That's not a game. I'm super familiar with I have to admit
So what if assume I don't know anything about this game because I don't so well soccer. Can you hook me up on this one?
What's that?
I was hoping soccer might be able to fill you in on here's Ogg's way
Here's that's more of a classic gaming kind of her dog's why oh shoot. I haven't played that in ages
It's a really good game though. Yeah, it's pretty much the first
RTS that was created on a console at least on the 16-bit consoles. Anyway, yeah, it was on
Genesis correct. Yes. I have I know I have it. It's I haven't touched it in ages. But yeah, it's it's pretty good
I should lend you my Genesis so you can play it
Well, I have this thing called an emulator and I know it's questionably legal, but let's be real Rob
How many Genesis do I have? That's true. You have a lot
Yeah, but uh, but did because they have actually have it in the browser
I thought it was actually gonna come out on a marketplaces for the different systems
I was browsing around to find out for now. It's beta so you can play it for free. We're just kind of awesome. So
That's pretty cool. So where what's the website where I can play this app?
Well, actually you open up your Chrome browser and type in air mech chrome and it takes you right to the link in the marketplace
To get it. Oh, okay. Yeah. Yeah, it's one of those like chrome store things like they're kind of version iOS
Yeah, I know what you're talking about. All right, I'll check that out. Yeah, it plays really simple. It's not too complicated and
Its speed is really quick, too
I haven't had a chance to play with too many other people since it isn't beta and I'm guessing they're not usually playing when I
Am but yeah, it really feels good. It feels like the old-school game
All I'm missing is the soundtrack pretty much and it'd be awesome. Right, right
What else have you been playing this week? Are you on the Mass Effect 3 hype trainer?
Not really because my roommates gonna ruin it for me because he's been posting all over just two more days, man
It's like he's partying already
but uh, but he plays through it non-stop and we all get sucked in because we know it's a solid story and
We're all in half
Because me and our roommates are all ex-military guys half this stuff that happens in the accident half the words
We just giggle laugh all day long as we heard it elsewhere, too. So
So I'm gonna hide in my room until they come out with a game of the year edition
And maybe I'll pick it up then kind of what we were saying earlier about Street Fighter cross Tekken
You're taking that approach the game of the year edition
Well, I don't really see any difference between on disk content and content is downloaded later either way. They're screwing you
It really doesn't matter what medium you happen to whether it comes early on the disk or later through a download
It's stuff they're holding back and it's nowhere near what they used to do with expansion packs back in the day
So as far as I'm concerned I can wait for it all I think again
It's really about and it's a really tricky thing to weigh especially with the iOS games really screwing up the whole economy of games
I mean you really just have to weigh is the game
I'm getting on disk with with no unlocks and all that is that content worth the 50 60 dollars
I'm being asked to pay for it and you know
for example Mass Effect 3 has been very controversial for this very thing about the whole they have the day one DLC and some people
Are like that's a ripoff and it should be free and dah-dah-dah
You really just have to weigh well throwing that aside
It's not paid to unlock content is the content on the disk worth $60 and for example, Shane our last caller
I'm sure would say yes, but other people might look at that and go, you know what? No, not so much
I'm gonna wait for the game of the year edition, you know
I remember hearing I was listening to the early
Coverage of the beta that like total biscuit was doing online and he was ratting and raving about the content on the disk being
Unlockable. It's like dude. The game was finished three months ago
There's to have time to put more project space if there's more project space to fill they're gonna fill it
you know not to mention the fact that it's like one of the characters is is a
Character essential. It's not even essential to the storyline. It's just a character they threw in as
DLC that happened to be finished before the release date. So they put it on the master disk
So half the people that are bitching because of what what I'm trying not to be too spoilery about it
But half the people that are, you know whining and moaning. It's like what it's it's this guy. It should be in the main game
No, it doesn't have to be in the main game. It was made after the fact when the main game was finished
So deal I mean if you if you want it by if you don't, you know
Hold on to your money and wait for them to package it all together the game of the year edition
Like I did with Batman Arkham Asylum. Oh
Yeah, it's another one that's had a lot a lot of DLC
But see I love I love Arkham City
The base game was was worth it to me, but I can see where some people get turned off by all that DLC
Lots and lots of it. Yeah, I might end up by Arkham City, too
I'm not really waiting on any DLC or anything, but uh, it's still
It's a solid game without all the DLC even the I mean the Catwoman stuff
I mean, I like it a lot and I think it's kind of worth the new price
But you know, I think even if you took it all out
I still think you'd have a solid game. So I thought she was still playable a bit in the main game
I think she's cut out completely see the thing is if you have her DLC
They integrate her very slickly into the main story
But if you don't have her DLC all her little stuff is kind of cut out just skipped over
So I think you see her and you interact with her
But you never do the stuff where you play as her and see poison ivy and all that
Yeah, because yeah when I saw it when I saw her combat mechanics like you know
That's an interesting way to rework the way this mechanic works. That was kind of cool
So I was kind of curious to see that so remember what I seen earlier about how oh, yeah
it's gonna take them, you know a
Couple weeks, you know about a week to have it on there. You have it all locked hackers already got all that
Are you fed across Tekken? Yep, and there's oh by the way, they're selling call. He's away with code
There is always a way with code. All right, Zena core
I've got to let you go so we can get some more calls any quick final thoughts you want to get out
Yeah, just hold on to your money people go buy food and stuff. That's not getting more expensive every day
Yeah, the rising cost of gas. It's gonna cost more to drive to the game store than to buy the game
All right, Zena core. Take care, buddy. Thanks for calling. All right. Later. Later
And no, it's even squeeze in one more call orange launch radio on Skype or 9 1 6 2 2 6 90 67 not toll-free
No, it's even funnier too is the fact that
Nevermind
Alrighty, then I'll go back to Twitter. All right
Uh, we got a tweet here from Tony texture saying hey guys just listening live for the first time
Hopefully I can get in on Skype. Did I mention I'm an Aussie. Well, I hope you do get through I want to hear the
accent
Because you know Americans love the Aussie accents. I don't know the DLC
They're the codes or whatever the actual like
Hashes or whatever for each all the DLC characters was in a CSV file the main directory of the game
Oh, you've got to be kidding. It seems so lazy
All right. Let's go to the phones and take one more call here tonight. Hi, you're on orange launch radio. Who's this?
Soul throw hi, I'm sorry. Who's this soul throw soul throw what's on your mind?
It's the one you is it the guy that I just read his tweet yeah, he's calling are you Tony texture on Twitter?
Yes. Yes. I am. Oh my hi. Talk about timing. Good lord
Well, there must be a hideous delay going across the pond, but that's alright. What's on your mind? What welcome to the show?
How you doing? Thank you. Uh, I
Just want to say I'm a big fan. I've been listening since
Episode 250 so it's been a while. Oh my god
Yeah, I know
But well my just you know call I've actually this is the second call I've ever used on Skype
So yeah, well it works if the first call was to the echo 1 2 3 lady and the second call was to us
We can let you know it worked
Well, what kind of game what kind of games are you playing lately?
I'm playing gives 3 so I'm just going through the horde mode with some buddies. Mm-hmm
Saints Row, I'm about quarter way into that Saints Road the third. It's so amazing. Yep, and
and
just going through
Street Fighter Super Street Fighter, so
Classic, let me ask you about this since you are from an from Aussie land
In Australia has been in the news even up here a lot lately with this whole ratings board stuff that's going on
And oh, yeah good times. Good times. Yeah, good times. The fact that some games you guys know, it's true
You guys have not been able to buy Mortal Kombat yet, right? No, no, there's many other ways to get so some of the ways
Loki was talking about with unlock content. Yes
But now apparently it seems like it is the the motion has started to create a new
Rating there so that you can get some of the more adult games
How do you how do you kind of feel about how your country's been handling a lot of that? Oh
It's just just messed up. I don't know. They always change their mind all the time
It was actually my state that is holding back to our rating. So
It's all you guys, huh? Yeah, pretty much
Well, I hope that August would are you interested in playing the ultra-violent games?
Some of them yeah, I've already played Mortal Kombat if that's what you're asking
I was gonna say if you're playing Saints Row the third
I wonder how that one got through because that one's pretty bad. But yeah, Mortal Kombat I guess is even more extreme
Yeah, I don't know. I think it's sort of like, you know a
bit more stylized
When Mortal Kombat's got a lot of blood, you know
Right Wow, you know a lot of folks in the chat room are commenting
I love in the fact that somebody from Australia is on the line Australia in the house and
some folks in chat
Frisbee says I'm so glad the internet as fast as it is
I mean think about it from Australia to California in only a few seconds of delay, you know
That's one of the really humbling things about doing the show
I gotta say, you know, we went from doing a show or you know
Being friends playing it one arcade in one little city in one state, you know to having this worldwide
shit talking fest
I was actually worried about the the lag. Mm-hmm. Yeah, so I've got a question for you. All right, go for it
Um, what's the game you love but everyone else hates like, you know for me it's a
Alone in the dark for 360 everyone else hates it, but I loved it. So, I don't know and why did you love alone in the dark?
I don't know. I was a big fan of the original one the one that was actually 3d but was terrible terrible 3d
But I liked it was pretty scary at the time. So I just thought I'd buy it
I bought it cheap so, you know, but everyone was telling me don't buy it
I only bought it for about 12 bucks Aussie. So I'm not sure what that is the u.s. Probably like
$15 something probably sounds about right. Mm-hmm
Yeah, so what games do you love and everyone else hates good damn question?
What game do you love that? Everybody else hates anyone want to take a stab at it? I
Have had some people give me crap for liking fantasy zone
Because honestly, I love fantasy zone and yeah, you saw that on the master system
Yeah people I think games kind of derpy and I actually like the Tengen version for the nest
Even though it's probably not one of the greatest versions
I'll answer this for you blue dragon. I love blue dragon. Oh
See what I tell you what I tell you I got one my he loves it and everyone else is like not
I won't touch it. I like to be evolution games that were all in Dreamcast. They were pretty good and
I liked
I
Have a number of games that every time I bring them up. My husband goes. Oh, that's so bad. I'm like you suck
I'm trying to think there was one that I mentioned earlier that I absolutely love and he was just going off on it and
Offered life of me. I can't remember what it was
That's the usual way of conversations go in my house as I love games that he hates. So nice. That's the way to go
Um for me, I guess I have a couple answers for I I think one of them would honestly be Final Fantasy 13
I think I really loved Final Fantasy 13 and there were so many people that just
Despised it. Yeah, you defend that with the sword and shield. I do. I don't think it was I
Here's the thing though as much as I defend the game
I get why it has haters
Because it did go a radically different direction from the earlier games and it did kind it was pretty linear in the beginning
But the battle system alone just kind of oh my god, just just just makes it so amazing
So that's that's kind of the one I would pick
Otherwise, I'm gonna go with another interesting pick and it might sound weird to the listeners of this show, but I think DDR
I think there's a lot of people that looked at dance dance revolution back in the day and went
What a bunch of crap music that people stomp on arrows to what the hell are they doing up there?
And you know, we all defended that game
So much and we really loved that game and we were very passionate when it stopped for a while and so forth
So I think I think in a way even though a lot of listeners of this show may not realize there's a lot of haters
out there DDR
Loki you have an answer the game that you loved everybody hates. That's easy. They're gonna be earth defense force. Oh, yeah, I love that
site
um, I think a lot of people like the excite truck excite truck would be one that was you know, definitely um, I
Thought I a lot of people like excite truck. It's hard to say just didn't sell
Well, it's it's hard to you know, big game that people don't like maybe gals panic. Not a lot of people like
It's not bad, I don't know if I like that game it was fun
Um, let's see, I'm reading some of the comments in chat I really love this
DDR dollar bill says I love Tony Hawk underground 2
Infidel Final Fantasy mystic quest that's a good one
Yeah, I remember wasn't there a time that you were playing like the crap out of that game. Yeah, there was
Final Fantasy mystic quest is awesome. Let's see
Rama says Duke Nukem forever for me
DDR dollar bill says Robocop on the NES chiggers says EVO on Super Nintendo
Lots of lots and comments on the chat room on that. So, uh, was it Street Fighter EX 3?
Good, but a lot of people gave it, you know a lot of trouble
I really liked um that it integrated I didn't start sharing the engine that rival schools was using
Yeah, yeah when they did was a project something or other for Dreamcast. Yeah
Yeah, because I think that EX 3 started using the same fighting engine that rival that
The project justice was using
Yeah, I was hoping that one of those characters would pop over to Street Fighter Tekken or maybe Marvel vs. Capcom
So, but they might be owned by the other developer or whatever
I hope to do the X-rays
Well, who was your main your main character in that in that series? Cuz I was I used
I
Used the Kendo girl. Oh
Yes, yes
The chick with the bow. Yeah had amazing
super specials the one that you're like
sort of joust them into the air and then you
Punch them down from earth or something like that from the moon. It was crazy. That game was just so underappreciated
I'm glad to find somebody else who likes that series. All right
Well, well, we could nostalgia all night long, but unfortunately we got to wrap up the show here
But Tony, I'm so glad you were able to get through and thank you for calling it. What time is it over there?
It's it's Monday over there, right? It's
Yeah, it is Monday. I didn't have work today. So that was pretty good. It's four o'clock p.m
Wow, okay easy. Well, it's almost dinner time and I gotta say I knew we do have another Australian
That's very close to olr. Deke man was originally from Australia. He's moved to Canada since he's an Aussie in Canada
But he's the guy who built our website. Yes. Oh, we've had a lot of great contributions from Australia
Now your phone call tonight, so Tony have a great one and thanks so much for the call
And I hope you're able to listen again sometime. All right. Thanks for having me. Take care anytime. Bye. Bye. Bye. I
I
Love the worldly calls
It leaves me on warm fuzzies that oh my god. This show is like really out there. It's crazy
I have always want to go to Australia. I really have
It's just amazing. All right, let me finish up a few of these tweets. We do have a few more tweets
I got to read here Tiger Colossus is a tweet dust
514 goes free-to-play the Vita version is a companion app. I don't remember dust 514. Oh, this is the Eve online tie-in
Yeah, oh, it's gonna be free interesting
The game was originally gonna be $20, but now it is going to be free. It will still have microtransactions
But it's not a pay-to-win game meaning. It's not a Facebook game. So we'll see what that really adds up being in the future
Thanks for the tweet. I had no idea about that and I was curious about that game
Act deaf sends us a couple tweets here. One of his on Darkstalkers for which we already talked about
I want to wrap up the show here quickly. He also sends us a
Trailer for Forza Horizon. Did you watch it already? Yeah, I mean, here's the thing
It's like I don't know if that's it doesn't look real to me. I mean really it's it's all like stock footage
and then like the title Forza
Forza Horizon and
It's just like someone typed it out. So I mean, yeah. Yeah. Well the new Forza game coming sure
I'll buy that but I don't know. I don't even know if that's a legit trailer or not
Oh and since I didn't mention it before I did close the skype line guys. Sorry to those that didn't get through
I'm very sorry, but hey, we have worldly calls tonight
Um, please send us an email with your thoughts mailbag orange on twitter.com or a tweet for next week
Other quick thoughts here dark Tetsuya says for those going to game developers conference the glorious train wrecks kiosk
I remember him talking plugging this on an earlier show will be a play kiosk 23
I'm most proud of ball buster invasion think breakout meets space invaders. It could be interesting. Very cool
I wish I was going to GDC. Unfortunately, I'm not and act F sends us the jet set radio HD trailer
Is this different from that teaser? We saw earlier? Yeah, it's actual game. I did not see let me look at this real quick here
I just want to know if they're gonna have the music
Well, you know somebody brought up a good point last week and that is you know, there were licenses
Yes, but there was a lot of Sega in-house music done for it
That was still really good and somebody brought that up in chat last week
And I think that's important to remember so we will get the Sega stuff for sure
It was so awesome
You
Um, I'm excited to play this again
I
Love the Celsius style. Yeah, it's a great art style. I love that summer 2012 for that
Well, that'll be part of summer of arcade you think yeah you think
All right. Um
That's it for the Twitter topics tonight. Let me go to last-minute stories. We've covered a lot tonight Loki anything that yeah real quick
Apparently it was outed by the Xbox Live marketplace that a new fable game is coming to Xbox Live arcade that being fable heroes
It's like a Mario Party type game
that's a beat-em-up also and
It may be expecting an announcement that's gonna become an uh, maybe during GDC. Will it be on reels?
It probably is because it's a board game. So yes, I had to go there. Sorry
That's it and
Yeah, it says well
It says players will be earning gold coins that can be spent to upgrade characters and items in both
That game and fable the journey which would be coming for Kinect sometime later this year
So that's it. All right, that's gonna do it two hours for part B alone
It's been a long ass show tonight, but you know what we had some big stories to talk about tonight
So thank you guys for staying up late with us. Let's thank God. We don't have the afterbirth anymore, huh?
Let's go around and start to wrap up the show
We want to go around first off and thank you guys for listening to the show
It's spending what three and a half hours or however long it's been with us tonight
Thank you so much for listening to our show, you know
We do our thing for free if you like what you heard all we ask help spread the word about orange launch radio tell a
Friend or two about the show word of mouth is all we got because we don't we don't have a website
With you know things that people want to visit every single day and read about cheap deals and stuff
I was talking about earlier or even just
Magazines that tie in and all that we don't have any of that
So word of mouth saw we got and that's all we've had for the past 10 years and just to really appreciate you guys
Who tell people about the show?
Let's grow the olr army family with as this unfortunately has been kind of a theme tonight people that aren't jerks
Because we've heard about some real jerks tonight. Let's go around and get everybody's final thought for tonight's program Loki
I see you packing up over there. What's your final thought?
It's hot in here. I'm sorry
All right dark soccer your final thought tonight corporations are not people
my final thought tonight is final fantasy 12 was also pretty underrated because both the air and Fran were
awesome
Alright, that's it. Thank you guys for listening to us tonight
We'll be back next week to do it all again until then have a wonderful week treat each other with respect have fun
It's just a game. We'll see you next time good night everybody
You've been listening to orange lounge radio
Orange lounge radio is an orange lounge production to join us for a live show visit
www.allgames.com
Sunday nights at 6 p.m.. Pacific time the views and opinions expressed on orange lounge radio
Do not necessarily reflect those of the entire staff of orange lounge radio or all games calm
But we're probably right anyway. See you next week
