Tonight, March 11th, 2012, a new iPad claims to do something Xbox and PlayStation can't.
One UK retailer is in financial trouble, and could the next Xbox be disc drive free?
Hello my friends out there on the internet and welcome back to another week of the show
where every gamer has a voice, Orange Lounge Radio.
We are live with episode number 449 of our show for this March 11th of 2012.
My name is Rob Roberts and I'll be joining you over the next few hours with my co-host,
say hello to, Dark Sakura, or Jamie Summers.
Ugh.
How are you?
Full.
Full.
Full of orange chicken I see.
Yes.
One of my weaknesses.
Because my DNA compelled me to eat it.
Panda Express is like Starbucks around here.
There's a crack.
There's a place like, there's literally, you can go to a mall and there's Panda Express
in the food court, and then right next door, in the other mall, is another Panda Express.
And they're all next door to Starbucks.
Yes, exactly.
That's how it works around here.
Alright, also say hello to, you know he loves his food too, say hello to Tech Master, Loki.
Hello.
How you doing, Loki?
I'm doing good.
You went pretty basic with your food choice tonight.
You went to the McDonald's.
Yes, it was because I just, there's not, like I said, there's not a lot here to, or from
my house to, you know, your apartment, so.
Yeah.
And there's like, like a ton of McDonald's, a Taco Bell, and that's pretty much it.
This part of town's really sad when it comes to food.
So I mean, unless I pull off the freeway mid, you know, mid-trip, I, there wasn't really
much for me to, you know, have in.
I was gonna go to Quiznos, but I was like, I had Quiznos yesterday.
You know, I had pizza yesterday, so, I was like, I'll just have McDonald's, it won't
be that bad.
It was actually pretty terrible, but it's alright, you know, it's, I don't, I've been
not eating McDonald's, so, you know, Burger King's the way to go, at least that food is
palatable.
Alright less food, more games.
Join us to talk about what you've been doing in video games this week.
After all, it is the show where every gamer has a voice, and we do tape live every Sunday
night at six o'clock Pacific, nine o'clock Eastern, right after the Bobby Black Wolf
show and his misguided ways about particular soundtracks, but it's still a good show, so
tune in and stay tuned for us at, again, six Pacific, nine o'clock Eastern, and join us
live in our chat room at chat.orangeloungeradio.com, where some of the chatters are not too happy
about us bringing up food.
Uni starts us off tonight saying, OMG, dang you for mentioning Panda, I want it now, lol.
And they don't even pay us for these ads, these free ads that we're giving away here
on the show.
We need to put the clamp down on that, alright.
No more freebies.
Alright.
I love my food from Redected.
Exactly, beep.
Let's talk about games.
The kickoff topic tonight I wanted to start with kind of talking about is rediscovering
games kind of late in the game.
We usually talk about, you know, what video games we've been playing this week, and I'll
kind of tell you in advance here, one of the games that I finally, finally played this
week, and you guys are seriously going to roll your eyes and be like, how are you on
a gaming podcast and you've never played this game, to which I say, shut up, because just
because we do a podcast doesn't mean we have time to play every single game that comes
out, because there's so many of them.
So sometimes we miss some, and one that I missed the first several times is Mass Effect,
and I finally started playing it this week, when did Mass Effect come out, like 2007?
I've never played it.
That sounds about right.
So see, sometimes, you know, you just don't have time to play everything.
So yeah, I finally started playing it, and well, I'll save my opinions for a little bit
here.
I think it was the same year as Rock Band.
Was it really?
Like, within a week.
Well, I figure they come out about every other year, except for, I think, Mass Effect 2 originally
had been bumped back, like, it was a January release, wasn't it?
Uh, PS3 it was, because that came out a year later, I think.
I could have sworn that when Mass Effect 2 came out, it was really early in the year,
because when it got a lot of Game of the Year awards, people were like, that came out this
year?
Oh yeah, it came out, like, right after Christmas.
So, but anyway, this isn't about necessarily just the timing of things, but what I really
wanted to ask was, has there ever been a game that just, it seemed like you missed the boat
on it for so long, it just took you so long to get into it, and years later, here you
are finally playing it.
Have you ever had a game like that, where it took you like five years to get into it?
I know here on the show, we do the Classic Game of the Week every week, too, where Dark
Sakura talks about a game, you know, and sometimes people have discovered games that way, like,
I think there's an email coming up tonight about that, sort of, but, just wondering if
you guys have had any experience with delayed games.
Played Chain of Memories, like, really late.
I really can't think of very many, because I really can't play a lot of console stuff
anymore.
Oh yeah, because of your hand and stuff, huh?
I played Mario Kart 7 for the first time yesterday.
It didn't make me throw up.
Well that's good.
I thought I let you play Mario Kart 7 when I got it.
Alright.
I played Loki's Ridge Racer.
Yeah?
That was it.
And it made me sick.
Oh, it's too bad.
Loki, anything you can think of that was a little bit delayed for you?
Call of Duty Modern Warfare.
That's true, you've just been talking about the first game, not that long ago, huh?
Well, we're gonna be going to three pretty soon, I think.
Because I asked them, like, hey, you guys wanna do number two?
Like, we're gonna move to another game, we're gonna go to the latest one.
Not Black Ops or anything, not really into the Cold War stuff, we're more into the Modern
Warfare stuff.
Going to our chat room, I love some of the comments we're getting in our chat room.
We are the show, of course, where every gamer has a voice, chat.orangelaungeradio.com.
Katsuhiko Jinai says, I haven't played Mass Effect either, so it's not just you, Dark
Sakura, or me, up until today.
And let's see, the Rob D. in our chat says, I do that all the time.
I went back and beat 50 games back in 2006 just for this purpose.
Probably five games were new.
That's a, man, I wish that was a goal I could realistically accomplish, but I never beat
games.
I really should force myself to, but there's just, there's so much other stuff I have to
tackle that I wouldn't want to give myself a goal like that.
That's a lot.
That's up there with reading 100 books in a year or something like that.
Black Wolf in chat says, BeatMania 2DX.
I think, I can think of one for you, Dark Sakura.
World of Warcraft.
I played it right at the beginning though, too.
Oh, that's right.
You did.
You didn't like it.
Remember, I had a vanilla account.
Yeah, I forgot about that.
That's true.
The Rob D. says, playing new games is overrated.
You know, it's usually a lot cheaper if you wait, that's for sure.
So there you go.
So those are some of the delayed games there, delayed games.
Let's move on and talk about what video games we've been playing this week, whether it be
new or old.
Dark Sakura, why don't you start us off?
Well, I finally beat every single puzzle in Best of Move for iOS, and it was pretty epic.
Now I want them to release some more so that I can get more puzzles.
I started another game called Star Mine that I bought on name alone, and it's actually
a pretty fun little puzzle game.
It's like a block sliding kind of game.
And then I played some well in Sonic CD.
All right, there you go.
Loki?
I played just a few games this week, other than Call of Duty, played a little bit of
the new Vita game, Motorstorm RC, which is pretty cool.
It's a little different than a regular Motorstorm game.
It's more like a Super Sprint or Ivan Ironman, Stewart's super off-road type thing.
And I've been playing that a bit, and one of the things I was trying to do was beat
you, because they have ghost data that you race basically in the game.
And so I was trying to beat that stuff, and I was pretty happy that I was able to beat
the ghost data that was in there until I figured out that the ghost data is glitched out, because
the ghost data, yeah, even though you beat it, like for example, the very first track
in the game is called Mixing Bull, and beat the ghost data in that.
Except then I noticed, hey, it disappeared.
That's because the ghost data only runs three of the four laps.
So it's impossible to beat, because it's all fucked up, because the game is cheap and terrible.
Well, it's not terrible, but hey, it's free, so I guess you can't complain.
I don't know.
It's frustrating.
Unfortunately, I kind of ran into the same thing with some of the other ghost data that
I raced, where I beat it and find out that, oh, look, I'm still ranked 3,000, even though
they're, oh, there's times they're faster than mine.
Well, then why wasn't that the ghost data that I was racing?
It's just all really weird.
And I complained to, of course, got to complain to them, Bill, listen, bitch, I know this
shit was free.
Did you say in an angry tweet?
I did say in an angry tweet, too.
At PlayStation, why are your games broken?
No, no, see, you would think it's at PlayStation, but no, it's at MotorStormRC, they have their
own fucking Twitter account, and I'm like, what the fuck, you can't beat this goddamn
ghost lap, because it only does three of the four laps.
We're aware of the issue, we're working on it.
I kind of did something similar this week, I sent a tweet, this is serious, not a joke,
I sent a tweet to AwakeNBC, and I sent a tweet that said, please don't get cancelled, because
I like the show, and apparently not a lot of people are watching it.
So I sent them a tweet, and I said, please don't get cancelled.
They didn't reply to me, maybe they've already been cancelled, I don't know.
So that was alright, I played a little bit of that, and then a couple other things that
are a little frustrating with me, the camera is really annoying, I really wish this game
was a first person driving game, and I understand maybe the camera's top down because one, it's
an RC game, that's fine, but I've played other RC games that were first person, or at least
behind the car type thing, not this, I have to figure it out from the top of the track.
Is this going to be about your love of Excite Truck again?
No, it's not going to be about Excite Truck.
No, there was a racing game that was on, I think it was Re-Volt, was actually on the
Playstation 2 or Playstation 1, that was actually pretty cool, it was an RC game.
It's a little frustrating, like when you're racing, it's hard to see some of the track
get the really mess of the camera to get it just right.
And then of course they have cars you can buy, which, as far as I'm aware, they don't
have stats on those cars, so I don't know what any of these other cars that I'm unlocking
do other than different types, and they're assuming different types handle differently,
but as far as different cars within the same type, I think it's just the way they look.
I did download the free cake car that you can, it's a cake slice car, so that was free.
What else?
I played Luminous on the Vita as well, I went through and I decided, hey, I'm going to beat
all the leaderboards on here, at least within my friends, and so I did that.
I beat all the leaderboards and, last I checked, and I was on top of all of them.
Except for obviously some of the higher master class stuff because I haven't beat the master
thing yet.
That's like really frustrating, just trying to get all the trophies for that game.
Oh, and I ranked up to 50 because for some reason when I play Luminous, it's actually
when they start doing the world cube thing, and you level up like 30 levels just by checking
it once.
I still can't nail what time of day, like I thought, it seemed like to me at the beginning
it was 4 o'clock Pacific everyday because that would be midnight in Greenwich time,
but it doesn't seem like it's always that time.
It's about 7, I think it's about, well it's just after, between 8 and 9 Pacific, 8-9 PM
Pacific is about when they're up, because I actually watched it one day when they had
a few hundred thousand left, and I actually contributed quite a bit to that one.
But yeah, around 8, 7, it was 8 or 9 PM Pacific.
Of course, with the time change and everything, it might be 7-8 PM Pacific.
So yeah, that's pretty much all I played.
Alright.
My gaming week, let me talk about a few things I've been playing this week.
There have been a few things.
Obviously first off is Mass Effect, but I haven't played it enough.
Well, A, do you really want me to review a 5 year old game?
I think most of you probably know how you feel, but since I did see somebody earlier
had said they haven't played it, and DarkSora hasn't played it, I'll just quickly say, well
I haven't played enough to give you a full review, but I'll tell you this much.
I am way less annoyed by the combat than I thought I would be, because I know Mass Effect
is very much about use cover and hide behind things and get things, and that's why I could
not play Gears of War.
And it's not that I think Gears of War is a bad game, it's not, it's a good game, but
I, that whole like cover thing, like no, I want fucking Quake or Unreal where you run
out there guns a blazing, that's more my kind of shooter.
So I thought the cover thing would really bother me, but it's not.
And I think, let's be real, I think a lot of that is because I'm playing on easy, so
I think my squad mates really pick up the slack for me, which is totally fine by me
because I'm really more playing for the story.
And I did find through playing Star Wars The Old Republic and you know, a little bit of
the Dragon Age, I do like BioWare's whole little conversational style, and I really
do see where the game can damn well be two completely separate games, depending on how
you are playing it, so I like that.
I kind of like that, that it can go in the different directions, but little annoyances
I have so far.
Some of the interface is just kind of crappy, now I hear that they fixed a lot of those
issues in two and three, so I'm not going to really harp on it, but let me just say,
I really value the one button maps, that's all I'm going to say.
But those are kind of nitpicking, otherwise what I think, especially for five years ago,
was graphically a good game, and you know, I guess ahead of its time in some ways.
But I'll let you know how things progress after I actually play more of it, because
if I told you where I was right now, you'd be like, oh Rob, you've barely touched the
damn game.
Couple other things I played, Rune Spell Overture, I can't remember if I talked about this game
before on the show, but it's a game I bought in one of those indie bundle collections that
I got a key for on Steam, and maybe I played it a little bit, you know, back when I first
got it, and I might have mentioned it in passing on the show, but I played it more in depth
this week, and for those that don't know it, I would say it's a little bit Puzzle Quest
2-ish meets a solitaire slash poker hybrid, and I know that sounds really weird, but the
way you battle enemies is that you have a, you kind of have a solitaire-ish hand, and
then they have one, and you form poker hands by moving your cards around, but it doesn't
follow the rules of solitaire, it doesn't have to be red on black or any of that stuff.
You can take their cards too and move them up into your hand, and you're trying to form
like the best poker hands, like you know, five of a kind would be the best one, which
is more of a Yahtzee, but you know what I mean.
And you kind of battle that way, but on top of that, you have spells, which felt a little
more like Puzzle Quest, because you can kind of activate those based on the power that
you've generated, so pretty cool little time killer puzzle game, and I imagine it's super
cheap, you know, I bought it in a bundle, so I bought it when it was, you know, a very
very reasonable price, soundtrack's good too, let me throw that out there, pretty deep story,
no voice acting, but you know, some dialogue questions, and you know, just, it definitely
seems like there's a fleshed out story that I'm not far enough in to really appreciate
yet.
Let's see, a couple other things I've been playing this week, there was one other one
I wanted to name before I got to the big one, and now I can't remember, so I'll just say
World of Warcraft, but the other one I want to mention is amongst all the hype for Mass
Effect this week, I think there's another game that's come out, well, it's only come
out to a small audience, but I think it's coming out for a bigger audience this week,
and I gotta tell you, don't miss this one, because I think it's pretty awesome, and that's
a game called Journey on the Playstation 3, not to be confused with the awesome arcade
game from the 1980s, okay, this has nothing to do with the band, but Journey is by the
folks that did Flower, that game company I think is their name, and this is kind of their
new game, and so if you played Flower at all, you'll kind of know what to expect, now this
game isn't like Flower, it's not like, I think Flower is the most creative racing game I've
ever played in my life, that's kind of how I would describe Flower, Journey, I don't
know where to put, Journey is definitely kind of more like a platformer, but don't think
of it like a platformer, I'm being very careful and choosing my words carefully here, because
I think Journey is best experienced not knowing anything about it, because I will tell you
this, I sat down and played Journey, it doesn't tell you anything, there's no dialogue, there's
no, you know, do this, or you need to go here, or arrow, or any help, there's one little,
the little controller will show up, and it'll say, you know, A is jump, that's about it,
like once in a while it'll kind of pop up, so you're kind of left to your own devices
to figure out what the heck's going on, and it's a game that's told really through its
soundtrack, in a way, like I just, I found the soundtrack to be amazing, and really moving,
and then there's a twist to it, there's a reason why it's called Journey, and some of
you probably know, but I don't want to ruin it for you, if you don't already know, the
band pops out, and starts playing you on your way, therefore it's part of the soundtrack,
I wish, I wish, that would make it even more awesome, but there's a twist, and when it
happened, I was like, wait a minute, what the, and like, I don't know, do you know what
I'm talking about, have you read about this game at all? I've read about the game, but
I'm trying very hard not to ruin it for the listeners, I'll have to tell you during the
break or something, but there's like a little twist to it, and when I first, like, I didn't
realize what was happening, as it was happening, and I was kind of like, this is so, the, how
do I explain it, ah, just, as it was happening, I was kind of like, I, I didn't realize what
it really was at first, and then it kind of hit me, like, oh my gosh, this is this. Yeah,
I know what you're talking about now. Do you? Yeah, I know what you're talking about. Do
you really? Yeah. Okay, but there, yeah, but you know, like, it's, it's, and then suddenly
when you figure it out, you're like, oh my god, I had no idea that this was part of the
game, and then, again, I said there's no dialogue, and there's not a lot to it, you're finding
all these interesting ways you've never thought about before to now play this game, and it
can go a variety of directions. It can go a very customary direction, or it can go in
a direction where I never saw this twist happen, I'm just going to ignore it, I don't give
an F, I'm going to go do this what I was doing before, and the game still kind of works in
both ways. Now, the one, the one thing I will say about it is that it's short, it's like
two or three hours tops, and it's a $15 game, and that may not sit well with people, which
is fair, because, you know, we've been taught to know that games like that usually shouldn't
cost that much money, but I do think it's a really good two, three hour experience,
and there is some replay value in it, I can see, again, there's several different ways
to approach the game, and yeah, I would recommend it, but I think that play time is going to
really scare some people off, but, and I think a lot of people are saying this, this game
is very much the games are art in motion, but I don't know, like, I wouldn't necessarily
say well Roger Ebert needs to play this game, I don't think he could appreciate it, but
as somebody, you know, who's had some pretty miserable experiences on Xbox Live, and had
to put up with like trolling in World of Warcraft and so forth, the experience that this game
brought was really organic and neat, so, I guess that's really all I can say about it,
again, some of you know darn well what I'm talking about, and you're just like just say
it, but I'm telling you, there's a reason why I'm not telling you, because I don't want
you to be spoiled on that, and seriously, avoid reviews, play the, the value of the
game will be so much more if you know nothing about it going in, trust me, don't spoil it
for yourself, you might figure it out right away, but, you know, that's all I'm going
to say, alright, let me move on, it is what I'm going to pick up this week though, I wanted
to pick that up, yeah, you're welcome to test it out here if you want to see if it's worth
15 bucks or not, but, you know, because, you know, again, it's a pretty basic platformer,
the visuals are not, I think it's a very beautiful game, but some people are going to go, it's
all desert, it's just the desert, desert, desert, but there's some very beautiful things
they do, like there's one level where you're kind of, it's almost like a race, like you're
falling down a hill, and you're kind of like, you know, having to move, like it's almost
like hydro thunder or something, and it's like you're falling through the desert as
the sun is setting, it's really gorgeous, so. I forgot that I had one more game. You
have one more game you want to add, that's fine, because I'm done, what did you want
to add? I was playing Doctor Who, the Mazes of Time. Is that actually good? It's pretty
good so far. Is that an iPhone game? Yeah, it's, you play as the doctor and Amy, and
you have to, it's basically one person does one part of the puzzle, and maybe has to stand
on something so that it activates another part of the puzzle, and then you have to figure
out how to get both of them through the maze. So it's just, it's just a fun little, it's
a dollar right now, so, get it. There you go. Alright, let's move on. Let's talk about
some housekeeping before we get into news. I actually have something tonight, and this
is something I'm going to surprise DarkSakura and Loki with on air, because aren't on air
surprises the best? Oh lord. Alright, so let me tell you about this. I got a package in
the mail this week from our buddy Brad at Pod Culture, and this is, this is the package
that we got, and I had no idea what it was. Cardboard! Yes, it's cardboard, but there's
something inside this cardboard I think you should see, and you, Jamie, I think are really
going to appreciate this. You ready? Okay, so here's what was sent to us, and listeners,
this can impact you as well. These are vinyl decals of the Orange Lounge Radio album art.
There's one for you, there's one for Matt. Now here's the cool thing, I wouldn't take
that off, because once you do, you're going to have to stick it on something. I check
the ink on everything, you know me. Oh yeah, you're a nerd like that. Here's the thing,
we have some extra decals here, and I'm sure we'll give those away at some point, except
I want to keep one for myself. There's some other ones in here, these are hard to see,
but hold them up to the light, and you can see, these are like the white silhouette ones
that you see on the backs of cars. Yeah. Yeah, but like the artist here took kind of like
the art and did that, and I really like the way that looks. Yeah. So, assuming that Loki
and Dark Sakura like this, the guy is going to, I think we're going to try, he's offered
to sell the stickers on his site, so you guys can get them too. Of course, you know, they're
not free guys, it does cost money to make, but I know the guy will be reasonable about
the price. I wouldn't mention it here on the show, if I didn't think that, and it's, you
know, Brad from Pod Culture is our buddy. And of course, I didn't put the name of the
site here in front of me, but I have the letter here, it is Decalmic.com. There it is, Decalmic.com.
And we're going to see what we can do to get that added to the store, so you guys can check
that out. Now the listeners are demanding pictures. I don't, I don't think that. It's
going to be hard to take a picture of. Exactly, I'm like, you have to remember, it's a vinyl
decal of the Orange Orange Radio album art. So if you've seen the podcast. With Flash
it could work. You already know what it looks like, but they're like little stickers, and
they're about the size, how big, how big would you say that is? The size of your phone. It's
about the size of an iPhone, but a little bit more square. I think it's a three by three,
or three and a half by three and a half. So those of you guys that have been asking for
OLR merchandise, because you know we, it's been how many years, we still don't have a
t-shirt, I think we'll be able to jump on this. So I want to say thank you, thank you,
thank you, thank you, thank you to our buddy Brad at Pod Culture, and of course Decalmic
for the hard work there. But Brad from Pod Culture is the one that essentially, I guess
for lack of a better term, front of the money, I guess for that, or kicked around the idea
to get that started. So props to him. Alright, yeah, probably not going to show up very well
on the iPhone, we'll not do it justice, but you know. Oh. And if you're a fan of Airwolf,
or you know, Back to the Future, there's also decals on Decalmic's site as well. Oh really?
I have to be honest, I've only, I haven't had a chance to browse the site yet, but he
has some other stuff too. Yeah, there's stuff like from Airwolf, there's World of Warcrack,
there's Thundercat's Sword, the Stargate SGC decal. It's all the shows that Brad talks
about on his show, I'm not surprised at all. Yeah, there's, you know, the TARDIS Interruptus,
there's Pod Culture stuff. Oh, his other shows, alright. Type 40, Geek Spin, and a lot of
stuff from Occupy Wall Street, there's the Guy Fawkes mask, a Dalek. A Dalek. Nice. Yeah.
Loves it! Alright, so. I'm putting up a few pictures. Thanks again you guys, and listeners,
if you want to get these stickers, I have to do some, they're not there yet, I have
to do some DMs and all that stuff, and you know, on Twitter, and get that all arranged,
but they should be up. I will remind you guys next week about that. Alright. My 3DS friends
are asking for 3D pictures. You guys, it's a window decal, they're not in 3D. 3D is not
going to do it justice. Alright, now let's get into some gaming news. Less about us,
more about the video games. Loki. So there was a brief little web stream thing for the
PlayStation Vita. I was hoping for a lot more US titles, but unfortunately they're all Japanese
titles, but it doesn't necessarily mean that this stuff won't be coming out over here,
or in other territories other than Japan, but as of right now it's just all Japanese
titles. So starting off, one of the titles that got announced was Phantasy Star Online
2 is coming to the Vita, with PC cross-play. So you're going to be able to play against
people that have the PC version as well. So there you go, your first MMO on the Vita.
And you know, I'm not really sure how the online's handled, but I mean, hell, if anything,
you know, the old PlayStation, or not PlayStation, the old Sega Dreamcast, Phantasy Star Online
was able to work over dial-ups, so Phantasy Star Online 2 working over 3G, maybe? That'd
be kind of interesting. No word on when that's going to be coming out, probably later this
year, but still pretty cool. And then they also had a... I really hope this comes to
America. Sorry, I don't mean to cut you off, but I really want this to come to America.
I really liked, I'm probably the only person in the world that liked Phantasy Star Universe.
And I know this is not PSU2, this is PSO2, and it's PSO2 because PSU was not viewed as
very good. But regardless, I'm a fan of this series, and I hope that we are getting it
in America, because I was interested in it when they first announced the PC one. I liked
playing Phantasy Star Online offline. That was kind of fun. Well then you'd probably
like those PSP games were just Phantasy Star Universe, but offline. Yeah, meh. That was
the one where you could have the pizza box. It had some really weird tie-ins, remember
that? Yeah, the Pizza Hut stuff, that was funny. Wasn't Colonel Sanders in there or
something like that? Yeah, it wouldn't surprise me because I think Pizza Hut, KFC, Taco Bell
are like all the same people. Brand wars. Another RPG that's coming out as well on the
Vita, The Legend of Heroes, or Dragon Slayer, The Legend of Heroes. And that's coming out
on the Vita as well. And they also announced that Gundam Seed Battle Destiny will be coming
out on the Vita. And it's, I guess, the sixth game in the Gundam Battle series, of which
I am not familiar with. I am assuming those were only Japanese releases. Not surprised.
There was another one that was unannounced that was kind of like, oh, we're gonna work
with the fans to make this happen or something. It just reminded me too much of Mega Man Legends
3, so I just tuned that out. But yeah, unfortunately no actual US titles or anything like that.
Because it is Japanese. Well yeah, the press conference was Japanese. It's funny because
I think a lot of people when this was first announced was like, why are they doing this?
The system just came out like two weeks ago and they already have to have a press conference.
Well, in Japan it's been quite a bit longer than two weeks, because they got the Vita
in December. So it makes sense. I do hope there is a press conference for us soon where
they talk about the US release of PlayStation Online 2, but at this point they might as
well just do E3. Yeah, well I mean, if you think about it, three months from launch that's
almost E3, so why not. And they've already kind of announced everything that's gonna
be coming out, first party at least, up through the end of the second quarter. So it would
make sense that any of those other announcements are gonna be at E3. And there's probably gonna
be a little bit of a lull during the summer, but you're gonna get a lot of fall games.
And I mean, hell, we got like Resistance and Gravity Rush. And in fact, actually Gravity
Rush, yeah, that'll be the June title. Resistance is gonna be the May title. April, probably
LittleBigPlanet at this point. Well, now here's what I'm wondering, because this was a Twitter
conversation I was in this week, and somebody was asking when LittleBigPlanet was coming
out, and I was like, well supposedly it's April, but the box art isn't even finalized
yet and there's a lot that seems like it's still up in the air in the game. I would,
I mean, the game may be awesome, and I'm totally down with that if that's the case. Box art's
finalized, just aside from the ESRB rating. I'm really worried about them rushing it.
I just don't want a rushed game. I don't think it's gonna be rushed. Alright, because I was
thinking at this point it would get delayed this summer because we just haven't heard
a lot about it. No, because this was a good launch title. I think it's already been delayed.
It's just, I think putting it out in March would have been kind of, I mean, it would
have been alright, but I think it's good that they're spacing their titles out, because
they had, what, two titles coming out in March, and they're gonna have one each month coming,
you know, major titles coming out soon, so at least there's a lot more releases than
there were on the 3DS, because I remember when the 3DS came out, the next month was
pretty much SpongeBob SquigglePants. There was a... SpongeBob SquigglePants? SquigglePants,
yes. I thought it was SquarePants. No, SquigglePants. Is this his cousin? It was the one that was
like WarioWare. Did he marry into the SquigglePants family? He must have. Yes, he changed the
last name, or his last name. I see. So I just remember that the releases were a lot slower,
but I don't know, it's kind of cool. I would like to see some, you know, some other stuff.
I'm hoping, I'm hoping, because it's supposed to be a PlayStation Network title, I'm hoping
that Retro City Rampage will be playable on the Vita, because that would be pretty awesome.
And it might be. I mean, it doesn't have to push a lot of graphics. Alright, well, now
that the Vita is out and they're talking about it, now our attention starts to shift towards
the next batch of consoles that is the unknown. That would be, of course, the Wii U, the PlayStation
4 someday, and the next Xbox, or whatever they're gonna end up calling it. I think they
should do the Apple thing and just call it the Xbox all over again. The new Xbox. That's
like so confusing. I mean, seriously? Well, we're gonna get to it later in the show, so
I'll talk about it then. I don't think it's as bad as people are making it out to be.
No, I understand why they're doing it, because of their other, their other, you know, series
of hardware devices. Or anything. I bought a Corolla, you know, or I bought a Xerox machine.
You know, there's a lot of things that we don't necessarily address. Xerox machines
have model numbers, Corollas, they call them, in different car manufacturers, it's a 2012
Corolla or it's a 2011 Corolla. I know that, I know that, but people don't necessarily
like refer to it by that, so I don't know. Well fine, they can call the stupid new, the new iPad,
and you know what people are gonna call it? iPad 3. You're having an argument we're supposed
to be having in 30 minutes. Did you not get tonight's list? I don't care. Alright, the
next Xbox, the new Xbox, Xbox lube, Xbox, I won't even call it that other number name,
because that's such a stupid name and I can't believe everybody always calls it that. How
about the X-Sphere? The Xbox. I hear the new system will be full of skateboarding games.
Yes, I was gonna say the next Xbox Atari skateboarding game. Alright, anyhow, the big rumor going
around this week about it, and what's interesting about this rumor is that we had a very similar
rumor five weeks ago, and I seriously think everybody forgot, but we kind of already had
this rumor, but it made the rounds again that the next Xbox won't have a disk drive. Oh,
supposedly the code name is Durango, speaking of cars, but anyway, the next Xbox is not
supposed to, is supposed to not have a disk drive. There's, you know, apparently it's
leaked out even though there was big NDAs and all that, and, you know, of course there's
the way these things happen. The next Xbox quote will offer, the quote from MCVUK, quote
will offer compatibility with some sort of interchangeable solid state card storage,
although it is not known whether this will be proprietary or a more standard format such
as SD. So if I'm reading this correctly, we've gone from cartridges to disk, back to cartridge.
Right? Is what they're saying with the next Xbox. Well, what they're saying, and I, I
really don't buy that they're gonna do this, because I think that, you know, Xbox, their
thing is we want to be your source for, like, entertainment, and I think the next step would
be a Blu-ray drive, because that's what everybody's using for entertainment, they want it, you
know. It's doing, like, a proprietary format, like the Vita. It was basically for security,
because that thing was getting hacked to shit, and, you know, publishers didn't want to make
games for the system because, you know, they're afraid it's gonna get pirated. Well, wouldn't
that just be forward thinking on Microsoft's part, that Blu-ray is gonna get hacked to
shit if it hasn't been already, and they don't want to, you know, A, it's, Sony's involved
with Blu-ray, so why? It doesn't matter. It's not a matter of Blu-ray being hacked to shit,
it's your file formats on those disks. The disk is just a storage medium. You can have
that same, you know, format, or the same file structure on a solid state disk on whatever.
You know, granted, if it's a proprietary thing, it's gonna be harder to read, because, you
know, no one has anything to read it yet. Well, of course, everybody's now crying. It's
the death of the used game market. It's the death of retail. It's the death, blah, blah,
blah, blah, because when you don't have a disk, therefore, there's nothing to interchange,
so it is gonna go belly up. Although, why are people going here when we're talking about
cartridges? This sounds like the Vita to me. I mean, it'll probably be, but it's probably
gonna be just like the Vita. It doesn't even matter. It's gonna have a drive of some sort.
They're not gonna just get rid of physical disks. I think it's still gonna be disk space.
I think that all these rumors are full of shit. Where's their source? Oh, it's some
guy that said he was under NDA. Well, I'm under NDA, and guess what? It's a fucking
giant robot. It's a giant 50 foot tall robot. That's the new system. I wasn't supposed to
tell you because I was under NDA, but it's a giant 50 foot fucking tall robot. I used
to be able to hear, thank you. So it's a response to the Sony Aibo. It is a giant fucking robot.
Oh, I'm sorry. I was under NDA. You didn't hear it from me. Giant fucking robot. I mean,
that is about how credible this is. It's just stupid. It is so fucking stupid. We've had
all these... Because it's just feeding into the... It's just troll bait is all it is.
They're not that dumb, okay? They know that if they put out something that's digital only,
that it's gonna... First off, it's gonna... Not everybody has broadband connections.
So yeah, a lot of people do, but not everybody. So I mean, why would you do that? You're not
going to. I think if anything, it's gonna be kind of a compromise like the Vita is where
all their titles are offered as a digital download at a slight discount, or you can
buy everything physical. Now, whether the disc is gonna be a Blu-ray disc or it's gonna
be a cartridge or whatever, it doesn't matter, but there's gonna be some physical part to
it. I don't think the cartridge idea is so far fetched. We know that those little memory
cards, those tiny, tiny ass memory cards on the PlayStation Vita can hold up to 32 gigabytes,
and that Sony is charging way more than those cards are really worth. So in a couple years
time when the Xbox new is a reality, you could probably fit... How much can a Blu-ray hold
right now? Is it 20 gigs? It's like 50 some gigs. Is it even... Oh God, I thought it
was less. Well, because I was gonna say, you could probably hold more on a card than you
probably could. I mean, USB drives go higher. They're probably looking at something where
you can hold more on a card than you can on a disc. Well, that even might be... And to
be honest, I mean, that might be the reason why they're going that route is because they're
worried that they're gonna run into the same problem they do with the DVD-9 format where
they're gonna basically run out of disc space, and they're just thinking ahead saying, hey,
maybe we shouldn't do this because we wanna have some sort of support for whatever formats
that are larger than this because we don't wanna have to come out with a new console.
Dungeon Buster in our chat room says, Macross box.
It transforms into a Valkyrie and flies away with your money.
Pika Uno in a chat says, it's not the time for digital only yet. I'm kind of on board
with that. I think the Vita is a good sign of where we're at right now. Some people want
digital only, and certainly the publishers like it when we do that and they give incentives
to go that route, but I think there's still enough of America that isn't on super high
speed internet or has that type of bandwidth a month. I think sometimes in our big urban
areas, we live in a little bit of a bubble. Those of us that live there thinking everybody
has that type of connection, but they don't.
Can you imagine even, let's just say they do have a high speed connection. Say we have
cable. It's pretty fast, right? Can you imagine downloading a 50 gigabyte game? That would
take fucking forever. Oh, there you go. Five games or even a couple games and you hit your
bandwidth cap.
Even Mass Effect was six gigs and I was like, that's too much. I have that bandwidth cap
I have to think about and six gigs is gonna take several hours. I don't really wanna do
this. So it's not the time for digital only.
It's not. It's not gonna happen. And can you imagine, oh, hey, a game stuff. Yeah. You
know how we're we've been providing with products and stuff like that. We're not going to anymore.
I'm sorry, but people aren't gonna just all of a sudden go, you know, hey, I'm gonna buy
it from Microsoft.
That's not Microsoft's fucking problem, nor is it something that Microsoft really I think
has to concern themselves with because let's face it, game stops are going to end up like
Blockbuster. It's a matter of time.
But it's just the thing with, well, Blockbuster is a whole other problem. It wasn't necessarily
that people weren't going to rent. It's just mismanaged. But, um, I think people are still
looking for physical stuff. I mean, that's why Redbox is doing so well. They're still
looking for this.
It's just, you know, it's more convenient now to go to a kiosk versus a store. Um, but
I still think people are looking for this. I mean, because they want to be, they want
to have the illusion that they own the product, even though, you know, license agreements
prevent that.
Great comment from chat too. Raginator in our chat room says, I don't care for digital
ever since Sony fucked me over with my videos. And we remember hearing about his plights
a few months ago during the call-in segments of the show is that some people have a severe
lack of trust with digital, you know, and I got to admit, if the new Xbox was announced
as digital only, I would have a slight hesitation.
At the end of the day, a system is only as good as the games that are on it, but I would
want to know what's Microsoft, clearly Microsoft systems are not infallible to hacking. So
what, you know, how, how is my stuff going to be protected?
And also on top of that, I mean, if they put out, okay, if Microsoft said, we're going
to do only, we're going to do digital only and Sony said, we're going to do digital and
disc people are going to go with Sony. They're going to, they're going to buy a system that's
going to have physical media or medium. But yeah, I think though it's getting a lot more
convenient to purchase digitally, but it's not, there's a lot of factors into just convenience.
And unfortunately the publishers are not quite understanding yet.
Here's something to think about. I saw a great point to this on Twitter this week that I
would, I wouldn't have thought about right away, I must admit, but I thought it was just
a great argument for why this is definitely a possibility that the next Xbox may not have
any type of dis format at all. Because if X, you know, and even though everybody's rabble
rabbling about, you know, whether it would kill to use game market and dah, dah, dah,
dah, if they got rid of the disk drive and dah, dah, dah, dah, dah, Xbox wouldn't be the
first person to do it. In fact, another company's done it. Another company's cut out the disk
drive completely and they have the most popular fucking computer in the world right now that
everybody wants. Who is it? Apple. Where's the disk drive on the iPad? Where is it? Had
didn't they even release a laptop that specifically doesn't have a disk drive in it? You have
to have some type of like airport hub in your home and people are eating it up. So if Xbox
went this direction, they would not be the first. Okay, hold on. Now you're comparing
the average gamer with a hipster and I'm sorry, it's just not going to work. You have to understand
that people, the people that buy Macs, okay, and I'm not talking about iPods, I'm talking
about Macs. It's all about seeing the PlayStation before it was mainstream. Okay. It's all about
it's like, well, I like the brushed metal finish on this system. It's so sleek and wonderful.
Oh, I don't care if it has only one USB port. I don't need those pesky USB ports. I only
value the Atari 2600 with the wood paneling finishes on the side. Don't bring me those
little plastic refurbs because they're not the real deal. I had a four controller system
before any of you did. Listen, the only reason they took out-
I have two Atari 5200s, hello. The only reason they took out the disk drive
is because they're like, we want to make the thinnest fucking laptop ever. And they did
it and then people are like, Oh my God, it's so thin, I'm going to buy it. Like it's a
fucking supermodel or something like that. And so they did. And then they're like, Hey,
I can't fucking install any software on it. And Apple's like, well, that's okay. Cause
no software is really supported by our system anyway. So, Oh, well you don't need to download
it. My Rob the robot is a hundred percent organic and gluten-free. Okay. I bought it
at Whole Foods. Thank you. To be honest, the Fairchild Channel F is totally underappreciated.
And you know what? Hey, if they're going to go the Apple route, why don't we charge $4,000
for the goddamn system? Because as long as it's sexy enough, people will buy it. Even
if it's, you know, performance wise, not quite inferior to the competition for the same price.
But Hey. Well, Duke Nukem Forever is five bucks.
And you know what? You know, the Japanese Sonic soundtrack is clearly superior to the
American one. And if we're, if we're talking about like, you know, devices with whole foods
anymore, I go to farmer's markets, you know, if we're talking about devices without, uh,
I just drive to Mexico. This drives and stuff like that and how well they worked out. Where's
the netbook nowadays? Oh, that's right. It's a format that failed. Yeah. I understand you
have one, but I'm talking about the format. I'm saying that the format itself failed.
They're not making them anymore. They're not making netbooks. They're not making netbooks
anymore. It's people like this drives. They're not making netbooks anymore. They are. Yeah.
They're the older ones that they're clearing out inventory on. There's no new netbooks
coming out. I like mine. And there's also the transformer, which Dan has, which is a
tablet and a netbook. And last I checked, most games out there are probably not a few
megs versus, you know, the typical application size, but whatever, you know, if you want,
if you want a system without a disk drive and you want it in a brushed metal, you know,
finish and you want it to be sleek and have a glowing Apple symbol on the back of it,
then fine. You go ahead and purchase yourself, you know, what disk drive list system and
don't come crying to me when you can't install anything on it. All right, look, one more
thing I want to say on the story and then we can move on. And that is the fact that
Microsoft was asked to comment on this by the gaming blogs is to be expected. What's
interesting about it is that they didn't 100% deny it. You know, you think you're going
to get the line that says Microsoft does not comment on rumors or speculation and the line,
right? But here's the actual quote. Xbox 360 has found new ways to extend its lifecycle,
like introducing the world to controller free experiences with Kinect and reinventing the
console with a new dashboard and new entertainment content partnerships. We are always thinking
about what is next for our platform and how to continue to defy the lifecycle convention.
Beyond that, we do not comment on rumors or speculation. So it's just PR spin and the
do not comment. It's, it's, it is a little weird to me. In a way it says to me, why are
you talking about the new Xbox? We're still extending the life of the Xbox 360. Stop focusing
on this new Xbox and our plans for it. There's plenty to go on the 360, but maybe, I don't
know, this is crazy, crazy tinfoil hat time. Ready? Maybe there's a new 360 coming out.
That's like the Microsoft version of the PSP go. You heard it here first on the orange
owned radio, throwing it out there, just throwing it out there. So maybe it's, well, maybe,
Oh God, here we go. Hold on. I just, all I want to say, but maybe the one mistake that
Microsoft won't make that Sony did that ruined the PSP go is that maybe the system is priced
right. All right, now, Loki, what's your witty retort? My witty retort is no one's going
to buy it. That's my witty retort is they're not going to do that. Only Sony makes those
stupid mistakes where they're like, Hey, yeah, we just announced the Vita. Oh, and we're
going to put out a new PSP. What? Why? Oh, and it's not going to have any sort of wifi
built in. What? Huh? All right, let's move on. I'm sure there's plenty more comments
we're going to hear on this. Uh, by the way, I did want to say though, uh, one thing I
forgot to tie this to the story that this ties into from five weeks ago, we may not
have been, you know, hearing about the, they are got rid of the disc, but we did hear the
rumor about they won't play used games. So I'm telling you, man, you know, I was over
in China the other day on the production line for the new Xbox and that leg was a good 20
feet long, 50 foot robot. I'm telling you, Xbox GFR. Yeah. Speaking about things that
are full of shit, mad dog McCree. Oh, poor guy. I hate that game. I'm going to tell you
a story about mad dog McCree. One day, one day, shut up. When I was working up serious,
I was working at cyber station and we had a mad dog McCree freaking hate that because
I had to clean that bitch. Did you have to watch grandpa's balls? Not as often as you
do. Did you have to polish his knobs? That has nothing to do with the game. So yeah.
Mad dog McCree. Rob is having a spasm right now. He's just laughing at the fact he said
balls. Thank God it's radio. He's all red in the face. It's kind of cute. Anyway, a
group called engine software is porting mad dog McCree to the 3DS. It's going to be released
on the eShop and scores of gamers across the world go, why? Because honestly, that game
was not very good. It had a sequel. How did that game get a sequel? It had it at Solomon's
that was by my college in Alabama. Is dragon's lair on the 3DS out yet? No, and why isn't
it? Because, you know, when I think of laser disc games immediately getting ported to everything
in the fucking universe, I think of dragon's lair. When I think of laser disc games, I
think your average consumer that has the 3DS probably doesn't know what a fucking laser
disc is, nor would be interested in mad dog McCree. I have one more question about mad
dog McCree on the 3DS. Dark Sakura, since you, you know, we're very familiar with mad
dog McCree and you know, you touch that machine in all its places. Was mad dog McCree in 3D?
No it wasn't. Why is it on the 3DS? Now I'm deaf in the other ear. Thank you. Okay. And
they said that they're not even going to port it over with any kind of 3D added into that.
And the quote is, and I'm going to read it. There's really no 3D in the 3DS version because
how are you going to do that? You know, it's funny. How are you going to do that is also
probably the answer to, um, we're going to need to sell this game. How are you going
to do that when no one gives a shit about this game? Seriously, that game is awful.
I guarantee you'll sell, you know, twice as many copies as you did the Wii version, which
is probably zero. But, but Loki two times zero is zero. Thank you for the math. If you
just put them together, it's infinity. You know how much it's going to cost? $4.99 in
U S dollars. You know how much you're overpaying by? $10. $4.99 U S dollars. They should pay
you to play it. I got to say on the Wii, it's available now, by the way, they were charging
like $19.99 for it. So the fact that it's only, you know, five bucks is still gouging
you. Just saying they should pay you. It's actually $15 overpriced because they should
be paying you $10 and one cent to play it for them. So they can say, Oh, people got
her game. The end. Listen, why didn't they just put tits in the game? Then people want
to buy it. True. Um, if you're interested in playing a game that has that kind of laser
disc vibe to it and even a Western theme, I recommend that you pick up Gun Stringer
with the DLC that was, you know, out there for it. What was that game? The time traveler
game that was on, um, laser disc that had the cowboy horrible hologram. I know that
was awful. I remember it in the arcades and it was a terrible game. I liked cliff technology
though because it was really Lupin and the castle of Cagliostro cause you could literally
touch that guy's balls. Lupin is coming back. Next story. We're not going to talk about
balls anymore. I think if you want, we know. Thank goodness. Um, so let's talk about last
week and last week we talked a little bit about, uh, Street Fighter cross Tekken and
all the, the screwy things that they're doing with the download content with this game.
For example, all the download content for the game is paid to unlock content, which
is fantastic. Also those wonderful PlayStation exclusive characters, aside from, okay, you
know, the guy from infamous cause it just wouldn't make sense that he was on 360 version
and also I believe, uh, the two, those two Japanese cats, um, everything else was also
on the disc. Now, Capcom insinuates, listen, listen, this is just to make sure there's
compatibility with, you know, the people that don't have the DLC so that, you know, when
you're playing them, um, online and stuff like that, that your character data is still
there and all that stuff. Okay, fine. That's the excuse you want to use, but at the same
time, then why are the beginning and ending movies there? And you know, all the data is
on a disc and I understand that you can use it for compatibility. Although Saints Row
the third, for example, they have compatibility patches. Um, and there's even like some other
games that have compatibility patches. So it's a free download if you don't buy the
DLC, but you can play against other people that have the DLC. That way everything works
just fine. Um, so you actually don't need to have everything on disc. Really the excuses,
you know, it's just an excuse. That's what it is. It's that they're selling you, you
know, was a half of the game or whatever beyond, uh, the cost of the actual disc, even though
all the content's on there. How's the game selling? I don't know. It's just been out
for weeks. Pretty good so far. I thought maybe you'd know from your, I mean, it seems to
be pretty good. I just haven't heard that. I don't hear people talking about it. Like
I did Street Fighter IV. Now granted, I'm not, I'm not, you know, I'm not to profess
that I am this fighting gang guru guy, but I don't hear as many people talking about
it nearly as I am talking, hearing, talking about Mass Effect or that we're talking about
Street Fighter IV when it came out. So it's just, I find that interesting. I'm just wondering
if there is a backlash occurring, yes or no, because I know I'm not going to buy it because
I, it's, it's not even so much the content on the disc thing, although I think that's
kind of skeezy. It's just the whole, there's going to be an ultimate edition at some point.
Yes, I know they're denying it. I don't believe them. Sorry. I don't believe them. Maybe I'm
being a fool, but I'm going to go off track. I could go off Capcom PR statement or I could
go off track record. PR, track record. I'm going with track record. Let's see. A Street
Fighter IV. Did that have some sort of game? Oh, wait. Yeah. Had a few. A Super Street
Fighter IV and then there's Super Street Fighter IV Arcade Edition and Marvel vs. Capcom 3.
They didn't even give it nine months. Ultimate Marvel vs. Capcom 3. Uh, yeah. So, anyways,
um, and then on top of that, this is, this is great. On top of that, the Xbox 360 version
has an issue with it. You can't take your local teams online. It's stated in the manual
that you can and the PS3 version can, but the 360, meh, just doesn't work. So, fantastic.
And their excuse is, well, the reason for that is the difference between, or the difference
is because of the architecture differences between Xbox Live, gamer tags, and PlayStation
Network IDs. I'm not sure of the technical details, but basically it amounts to Sony
made it so that you can mix and match online and offline. Microsoft made it so you can't.
However, Mortal Kombat allows you to do that just fine, so that's full of shit. Um, Halo
3 allowed you to do that too. How old is that game? But you used to be able to do split
screen and you could go on Xbox Live together. Yeah, and also you can do that in Borderlands.
You can do that in Call of Duty, I think. You can do that in quite a few things. But,
uh, sure. Whatever. Yeah. Um, okay. So real quick, I just want to talk about DLC because
it seems like there's a whole lot of issues. There's even one with, you know, I don't think
it's one of the stories you have about Mass Effect 3 and the DLC and stuff like that.
And I just, I think we need to set some ground rules on what I think should be acceptable
for DLC and what shouldn't as far as timing and that kind of stuff. All right. So let's
start off with pay to unlock content. I never think that that should be acceptable at all.
It's on disc. You're paying for it. The content was done before the disc was certified and
it's ready to go. So it's all ready. They planned it out so that you're going to have
to pay for additional con additional content for your game. It wasn't like, Hey, you know
what? This is cool. We thought, Hey, these characters aren't in the game. Let's go ahead
and add them and you can download them and add them to your game. So it's paid unlock
content. Uh, so that should never be acceptable. Day one DLC I think is fine because the reason
for that, for example, in the case of Mass Effect 3 game certified, you know, a month
or so ago, um, and during that time they were working on DLC, which they got done. It's
not on disc at all. It may use some assets from the game, but come on. I mean, if you're
using characters from the game, of course you're going to reuse some of that, but a
lot of it's brand new and uh, they put it out. Here's the thing. I might take shit for
this opinion, but F you. It's my opinion. I don't understand the logic that the people
that are hating on the Mass Effect DLC are using because the logic is you shouldn't charge
me for something that was being, or what is it that you shouldn't charge for something
that you were already making for the game before the game came out. Right. That's kind
of like the logic, right? Well, if that was true, shouldn't you have never bought Mass
Effect 1 or 2 because, you know, they were just leading up to Mass Effect 3? I mean,
kind of. Or, um, you should never have bought Saints Row 2 because you just get it for free
with Saints Row 3 on PlayStation. You should never have bought White Knight Chronicles
because you get the whole game free with White Knight Chronicles 2. White Knight Chronicles
was there for a shit game. Yeah. I mean, their, their logic is, okay, well you should delete
or delay it until you have all the download content out for the game and then you just
put it on disc. Well, they, they didn't do that. They actually just got it to the point
where the first batch of DLC just happened to be done a month or so after they certified
a disc and boom, it's day one download content. A lot of it, this, this is where I'm at. A
lot of it has to do with value. Is what you're paying for really worth what you're paying
for it? And even though I'm not to that point in the series yet and I haven't formed my
final opinion on Mass Effect, I'm pretty sure that for fans of Mass Effect, the on disc
experience presented with Mass Effect 3 is worth the price of admission. Going to Street
Fighter X Tekken, you know what, for a lot of hardcore fighting game fans and for, you
know, those individuals, the price of the stuff that's on the disc and even the unlocked
stuff is probably still worth it to them and I'm not going to knock that. But for me, everything
in that Street Fighter X Tekken has been devalued based on Capcom's history of how they treat
fighting games. Is what is on that disc worth $60? Not to me when I know in nine months
it'll be down to $40 with everything online included. That's the difference to me from
where I'm sitting.
Yeah, and if you, if you think that that game, by the time that all the DLC is released is
still going to be $60, you are sorely mistaken. That game is going to devalue pretty quick.
Especially if it doesn't sell very well. I mean, look at the last Dead Rising 2 game
that came out. I mean, off the record, didn't do that well and it's already marked down.
I think though, like, there's some companies that are just taking it too far. Like, even
with Vol, I don't even know if I, I wouldn't blame Volition because I don't think it's
the developer's fault. I think it's the publisher's fault, but let's look at Saints Row the Third.
Aside from the DLC that they actually have made separately and beyond, you know, that
you actually download, which is fucking terrible so far and it's really sad, everything else
has been paid to unlock content. Everything else. All the little costumes, all the little
special weapons, those are all paid to unlock content. It's all stuff that was on there.
Any of your pre-order bonuses, that's all paid to unlock content. Unless, unless of
course it's something that, okay, you get the first thing, a DLC that comes out a month
after the game comes out. And that's not, you know, paid to unlock content. But for
the most part, you know, those special weapons or skins or whatever, that's all on the disc.
And you're, you know, paying money, you know, to have that right, I guess. But it's kind
of sad though that they're like, you know, the publishers are getting mad, or not even
the publishers and developers, or maybe a little bit both, developers and publishers
are getting mad that people are complaining about, oh, well, you know what, too bad. This
is how we wanted to do it. Well then, that's not really, I mean, humor the consumer a little
bit. If you're playing on releasing these characters, say like, you know, these 12 characters
or whatever were, just don't put them on the disc. Just have it so you download them later
on. You would be doing the same thing, I don't know, I don't know as far as infrastructure
costs go, like if, you know, actually having more than just a key downloaded from Xbox
Live or something costs more to the publisher or the developer than it does just the key.
Okay, whatever. So say it's not. Just humor the consumer and don't put that data on the
disc. Just have it where you actually have to download the physical, you know, data for
those characters, all the movies, graphics, everything. And then that way people wouldn't
bitch about it and they'd be like, oh my god, this is a great value because look at all
these extra characters, Capcom supporting the game long after it's been out. This is
fantastic versus I'm getting fucking ripped off because all this stuff was on the disc
already. Notice, same thing, you're providing the same amount of content, but it's perception.
All right, let me jump in here because DarkSacker, I feel like you're dying to comment on this.
I'm just, I already said it in the chat room, so meh. I kind of don't care. I mean, really,
I don't because if, like for example, Street Fighter X Tekken, I'm gonna wait, you know,
the three months or so and see if they put out another one. If not, I'm gonna buy it
cheaper and then I don't have to look at, you know, shitty fake Mega Man.
So in other words, the DLC allows you to not get something you know is going to be shitty.
Exactly. I didn't give a shit about Jill or Shuma Garath as we call him slash her Shuma
Chan at home because I, all the characters I wanted to play were in the game. When Ultimate
came out, I was like, oh cool, we get sure to hear you. We have a new game.
I know this might be, I already know what the answer to this question is, but I'm gonna
ask it anyway. What would you think if you went online and then suddenly you're fighting
against someone else who's playing as the Mega Man you don't want to see?
DC. I'd seriously quit the match. Keep in mind, I'm the same person that if there is
one single troll in my dungeon run, I will leave party because I don't, my time is important
and I don't have to put up with shit I don't like. You know, I really, if I want a game,
I'm going to buy the game regardless of what's already on the desk. I don't really care.
All right. I'm going to try to wrap this up. Bobby is sending a link to the official DLC
response for Mass Effect 3. In a nutshell, I'm not going to read the whole thing, but
it's kind of what we already know is Bioware's approach to this is that, you know, they finished
Mass Effect 3 before they did the DLC, but in order to do DLC, you have to kind of put,
and this is the part that's kind of, you know, more information. You have to put the seeds
of the DLC in the game or you can't have the DLC interact with the game that's already
pressed on the disk. If that makes sense.
You have to have the code that's going to access the info.
And I don't think there's any problem with having an outline of, we know we want to do
this, this, and this later on. Kind of Saints Row clearly did the same thing as Mediocre's
content did. You know, they, they knew that they, what, what packs they were going to
do. In fact, didn't they advertise it from day one? The Gangsters in Space was going
to be an add on eventually.
It wasn't day one, but they had, they, there's, you know, obviously they were selling the
season passes, which I have a problem with season passes, but that's the same problem
as like paying money up front for, I don't know, whatever. It, I don't like season passes
either. I think it's stupid.
Nito, Nito comment from E3VL or Evil, I suppose, in our chat room. Whatever happened to unlocking
characters the traditional way?
It's not.
You can still do that in some games.
Some games.
It's not cost effective.
Probably not a Capcom game.
That is a, but that's a, that's a sad, I mean, it's a good question, but it's a sad question.
Because the modern gamer seriously doesn't really want to work for anything.
Hence why they'll put up the 99 cent unlock thing.
Exactly. Because it's instant gratification.
I'll tell you exactly why that's not unlocked in the traditional ways anymore. Because back
in the day when, you know, a lot of that stuff was unlocked traditionally is through playing
through the story mode. Nowadays, most gamers are split between single player and multiplayer.
And a lot of people are purchasing this game just to play multiplayer and they won't even
touch the single player. And so why make someone go through the single player when they're
not going to, you know, play it?
All right. Well, let's move on. Again, lots of opinions. And we look to hear yours at
mailbagorangelawnsradio.com. Some drama going on over in the UK with a retailer over there.
Now this isn't a retailer that exists here. So sometimes we forget about these guys, but
it's a store simply called Game. And I like that. I've never really seen the stores outside
of these little pictures, but it's just a big old building that says Game in the same
font as Game Boy.
Oh, a type nerd would pick up on that. I didn't pick up on that. Except they're kerning is
really tragic way. Well, it's going to say closed pretty soon on the top of it if things
keep going the way they're going, because apparently game is in trouble. Now game, we've
already heard of some trouble going on there. They didn't sell Mass Effect 3. It won their
street fighter cross Tekken. You can't get it at Game. That is not good when the retailer
will not sell the games people are looking for.
I know exactly what's going on here, because this exact same thing happened with Blockbuster.
What happened was is when they get into this financial problems where they're like facing
bankruptcy or I don't know if they've even filed bankruptcy yet or whatever, these publishers
are concerned about getting paid for their product. And so they don't extend them credit
any more. And so because of that, they're unable to purchase games. Where in the case
of Blockbuster, Blockbuster had to purchase games through a distributor and the distributor
basically covered, they floated them the credit, I guess, some way. And so basically they assume
all the risk for them. And unfortunately it sounds like that there's no UK distributor,
although I can't imagine that there's not UK distributors or maybe at least someone
that's not willing to float that kind of credit risk.
But that's what's going on here. That's why you're seeing certain publishers are not carrying
certain games and stuff. And I'm assuming it's going to be a lot of publishers if we're
talking EA, Ubisoft, I can't remember the other one, Capcom, Street Fighter Cross Tekken.
I'm not sure who the publishers are, because I know there's different publishers in the
UK. But I mean, if it's going to be, you're going to see it's going to be specific companies
and they're going to stop giving them credit. And that's why they're not carrying the games.
Well, just to further illustrate how serious this issue is, apparently Game is behind on
the rent. They have to pay some landlords in about two weeks. And if they don't, thousands
of jobs could be at risk. And that is obviously not going to be good news. Now, there is a
company that's kind of circling around like a hawk that might be picking these guys up
and that would be GameStop or as we call it here on Sunday nights at all games, Evil G.
GameStop particularly is interested in the Spanish arm of the business, apparently. And
I think this has to do with the fact that GameStop did try to do UK before, but they
closed some stores. But that doesn't necessarily mean they won't buy all of Game, it's just
Spanish is of particular interest, other countries, maybe.
They're just waiting for it to devalue enough and they'll swoop right in. I guarantee that
they'll probably buy it because it just makes sense that they're they're going to they're
not going to come out of this. I mean, yeah, this is this is kind of probably past that.
It's going to it's going to have to be someone buying them.
And Pete Caruno is in our chat room and I know he's from over there. The nice thing
is with the whole spring forward here, we did a little early. I think it's an hour early
for the folks overseas to tune into OLR live now. Pete Caruno says, I have 15, 15. I can't
see the pounds. Is it pounds? OK, because I can't see how it translates over here as
it comes up a special text. I have 15 pounds of vouchers with them. Need to spend it soon.
Yes, I would recommend if you have any sort of gift cards, the game, get those. Just buy
something, buy something, trade them in for cash if you can, if you can do that over there.
I know you can in California, but if it's a certain amount, but yeah, buy something
soon and it'll have to be an older game. Like Mass Effect one or something you've missed
out on in the past. There you go. All right. So, well, good luck game. You're going to
need it. DarkSakura? Bad game, no cookie. So there's some information out about Metal
Gear Solid HD Collection for the Vita. If anyone cares. Rob cares. So it's the Vita
version is going to have HD remasters of Metal Gear Solid 2 and Metal Gear Solid 3 with all
of the trophies and crap that the PS3 version does. They didn't say anything about Peace
Walker though. There is something that says they have a rebalanced user interface that's
going to go a little bit more with this transferring system that's being developed. What it's,
what the transferring is, is basically some type of cloud storage. It's called title user
storage, TUS, where your save game is going to transfer via whatever that cloud is and
you can access it on both PS3 and on Vita without using Wi-Fi. So that's how tiny the
gamer memory is because I completely forgot about transferring. Thank you for reminding
me. Well, the Japanese release date is June 28th. It's summer over here too. All right.
Let's travel around the world and check out some games that are coming out a lot sooner.
One other thing. You've got different things available with the touch panel. You have zooming
like with your binoculars on event scenes. You can close up in the cinematics. So kind
of working in those little features of the Vita. You know, make the Vita special. It's
kind of neat. So I thought I'd add that. All right. Release dates. Loki starting off here
locally in the US. Ah, yes. Um, let's start off with Silent Hill Downpour finally coming
out. Hope it's good. Uh, that's on PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360 this week. Um, of course today
Mario Party 9 came out. Yakuza Dead Souls on the PlayStation 3. GG. I don't know. Something
based off a toy with, it's like, I guess they have a toy that's hermit crabs. I don't know.
Every DS game. Um, Silverlicious based off a book series. That's also on the DS as well.
Uh, the foreign one action pack from South peak. It's a bunch of really terrible PlayStation
network games. Uh, so that sounds like fan. Fantastic fun there. Uh, Naruto is shipping
in ultimate Ninja storm generations on PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360 birds of steel on PlayStation
3 and Xbox 360 this week as well. Tales of Graces F on PlayStation 3 Ridge Racer on the
Vita. I don't want to play that, but it's still not fucking worth it. Um, FIFA streets
on PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360 reality fighters on the Vita and uh, let's see what else here.
And that would be it. All right. Traveling over to Japan and looking at the releases
over there, uh, in Japan on the 360 mass effect three gets released on March the 15th. Uh,
it's Japanese release. I don't know if that means all the dialogue has been redubbed with
Japanese voice actors. I would assume so. Um, but you know, there you go. SSX also coming
out in Japan this week on the three 60 going over to the PlayStation three. It's pretty
much the same story. Mass effect is there as well and as X, X S S X. But there are some
other games coming out as well. A resident evil five AE or biohazard five AE and revival
selection HD remaster twin pack. So there's like a whole little like double games for
a little less money. Sengoku, Bissara three. Ooh, Tage double pack comes out as well as
Shin Sengoku Musou online. Ryujin Rambo comes out this week and that is obviously it's an
online game. Is that dynasty warriors? I think it is. Yeah, it's dynasty warriors online
and it sounds like it's some type of expansion pack coming out for that on the PlayStation
three this week. Looking at the handhelds real quick. Let's check out the Vita on the
Vita this week. Slaughter mania, slaughter me. Best name ever. No, it's no, no, it's
not slaughter like S Sergeant slaughter. It's S L O T T E R likes like pachinko machine
slaughter mania five black lagoon. But the cool thing is it's a slot machine and then
a chick with a big gun. Yeah, she's like, you're going to give me that money or I'll
put a bullet in you. And then it's a slot machine. There's a little like automate cutscenes
with guns and cigarettes and I like the twin be one all sorts of vices. Also FIFA soccer
on the Vita. Yeah, but you can't shoot the players. There's no guns to be found in FIFA
soccer. You can throw a ball at their heads. You can, uh, going to the three ds real quick.
Um, only one game coming out from d three this week. Oh, no, no. Cool to me. She soon
he, it comes out this week and I don't know what it is, but it's another game featuring
dating in school uniforms, dating. Oh man. She, Oh, I feel like the dateline guys are
going to show up at my house just for bringing that picture up on my computer. I told you
from the beginning I was a dating SIM. I have a seat over there. Oh no, no. Cool is like
little girl. Don't import. Don't import the game or what's his name will show up at your
house. Chris Hansen. Is that his name? Yeah. Yeah. Don't, don't buy that game. Go to another
country now. Yes please. Okay. How about the u k on March 12th all zombies must die on
the 13th shoot many robots. That's a clever name and warp on March 14th journey for the
ps three, which Rob discussed at the top of the show and shoot many robots on the x box
360 on the 16th bit trip complete on we and bit trip saga on three ds FIFA street in azuma
11 to firestorm slash blizzard on ds Raymond origins on three ds sniper ghost warrior two
and yakuza dead souls and I'll go ahead and say the 17th because it's the Sunday and we'll
be here. Um, is tech in three d prime three d five Saturday. So yeah, stuff. All right.
Couple more stories for you guys and then the classic game of the week. Oh, Loki, whatever
possible surprise news story could you be talking about next? Let's talk about the iPad.
Yes, I know. Shocker. There was a new iPad announced this week and it's called the new
iPad in case you hadn't heard. In case you hadn't heard, I'm full of lust. It was pretty
much all the rumored stuff except for the really weird stuff that they started remembering
this week. Um, it's got the, you know, the retina display. It's got the upgraded camera
that was, uh, in the iPhone four s quad core process or quad core, um, a five X processor
and a, also a, um, uh, what else? 4g connectivity. Uh, of course now everybody's phone is starting
to show 4g connectivity even though they're not 4g phones. If you're on AT&T it's because
of the multiple different types of 4g networks that existed and they're all being, um, solidified
into the one that I think Verizon uses. So, uh, those are out and of course it's gonna
range anywhere in price for the wifi version from four 99 to six 99 depending on how much
storage you want or for the four g six 29 through eight 29 and they will go on sale
this week, March 16th. Um, fantastic. Of course, you know, with this they got to, you know,
show the, Hey, Hey, we, we can do games. So, um, you know, they showed off a new infinity
blade game and flame infinity blade dungeons. That's a prequel to infinity blade and a look
kind of like God of war. Uh, and then also a flight SIM game called sky gamblers that
kind of looked like, um, ACE combat. And that was from Namco. Uh, unfortunately no buttons,
still no buttons other than the, you know, the home button. And, uh, or unless you buy
an Ikea, which isn't an official Apple product, so they don't talk about it. So, um, which
was interesting because they made a claim, uh, that there was a claim during the press
conference where they attacked essentially the three 16, the PlayStation three and said,
this thing does more pixels at once than a millions, millions more pixels at once than
a X-Box three 60 year PlayStation three, because the resolution is greater than 10 80 P 10
80 means 10 80 by. And one of these suckers is what, 2000 something. Yeah, it was like
29 something. But once again, graphics aren't everything. You can have a really beautiful
game that controls like shit and it will be terrible. It's also how the developers utilize
it. I mean, cause you know, you have to upper as everything or you have to make, you know,
your games actually utilize that stuff in order for it to work out. Plus, you know,
the hardware and the limitations there. I mean, I'm, I don't get me wrong. Those games
are probably gonna look really nice, but do I really want a game that controls, you know,
via tilts or, you know, touch screen and some of the touch screen stuff. I mean, infinity
blade was all right, you know, with touch screen, but it's just, I don't know. Fine.
You know, brag about your, your resolution of your screen, stuff like that. But at the
same time also you gotta remember you do have some faults. There are people that are completely
swayed by shiny. So, well, I'm not going to lie. I still kind of want one. I just, I don't
feel like I need one right away at this point. But I mean, not even from a game standpoint,
I'm just like, I want to watch movies in bed on that thing cause there's not going to be
a better screen than that. But I have a Vita, you know, don't cry me a river. I'm going
to be okay not having one of those day one. And see, I was actually already planning on
getting one because I have a legitimate need of it for school. There's some really good
note taking apps and that, well, they have the whole I university book thing now too.
That's pretty cool. Yeah. Well, there's also an app that will let you type in your notes
and it timestamps your notes in conjunction with where you started in the lecture while
it records the lecture. And for me with my hand, that's perfect because then I can record
my lecture and actually take notes and say this slide was used at this point or this
and that and the other was used at that point, which I'm using my netbook already. Yes, I'm
using my netbook, um, which does just fine. But for my hand problems, you know, typing
on an iPad will be easier. So I'm actually, now that the new ones are, you know, there
I'm going to get one. That's the plan. Anyway, I have a legitimate need for it. I'm buying
it for school.
Loki I probably don't even ask to ask you how you feel about the new iPad. And by the
way, just to go back to our chat room and chat, that orange sounds ready.com Amiga 777
says, really? That's actually going to be the real name. I thought that the article
I read was going to be a joke. It's not that the name is the new iPad. That's not the name.
The name is iPad. That's it. Just like I Mac, they don't differentiate between them or airbook
or Mac mini. They don't differentiate between the different ones. It's just, it's the iPod
or iPad flavor of the month. Fine. iPad third generation. Fair enough. I mean, how are you
going to call it on your website? You're going to have, you know, uh, I think most people
are going to call it iPad three or iPad HD. I would say iPad HD. I still know why they
got to be all, uh, stubborn about it. Well, we're not going to put a number on it. You
make it sound like we release these things every few years or something. I mean, what
the hell? Because it's branding and marketing. End of story. They do it that way because
they have to do it that way because they want people, when you think of iPad, they want
you to think of the newest, best version of it that they have. I get it, but I feel bad
for those that can't tell the difference because there will be people out there that buy iPad
off Craigslist and get one of those first generation iPads, you know, which, you know,
let the buyer beware. I know, I know, but I'm just saying, I feel a little bad for those
people. I don't. If they didn't take the time to contact the seller and verify it, that's
their fault. All right. One more story before the classic game of the week. Um, that is
rock band. Yep. Still relevant. Nope. I'm not talking about rock band four. It's just
that. And you know, I can admit this is, this is a really nice thing to hear. Harmonics
has basically commented that rock band releases aren't stopping. One of the few things to
come out of game developers conference 2012, a harmonic says, quote, we've been really
pleased with the continued performance of rock band downloadable content. We've delivered
over four years of weekly DLC and over 3,500 songs to the music platform. And we have no
plans to stop weekly releases anytime soon. If there's a song you still want, rock band
folks encourage you to go look at the Facebook app that they have and vote for artists on
the wishlist. And this kind of makes me wonder if guitar heroes ever going to come back because
how can you compete with that kind of a library? It's going to be difficult. Um, harmonics,
by the way, also said they have no intentions of doing rock band for this year. They have
some other projects going on right now. So maybe rock band is on the back burner until
the next, you know, X-Box or playstations are being talked about and maybe some of those
features being used. I'm strangely okay with this. You know, as much as I love rock band
and would love to see a rock band for, I kind of get where, well, maybe there's not a whole
lot else you can do with it. So the props to them for continuing to support the game
with true DLC, you know what I mean? True, reasonably priced variety, varied, not on
the disc DLC. Yeah. Now that is continuing. And when they say that they're going to support
it weekly, they support it weekly and they continue to support it. Unlike some companies
Konami. Hey, there was a third DLC pack for a party or what is it? Rhythm party this week.
The Xbox three 60 game that everybody fan won't acknowledge exists. What weird songs
do they have this time? Uh, Stacy Q, who I think did two of hearts years and years ago
was one of the songs. And one of the, one of the chicks from sister sledge has a song.
It's it's crazy. The obscurity of that stuff. That might've been the first DLC bundle. I
can't remember. That was, I think that was the one you talked about. What was it? There's
there's you look it up. I played it when it first came out and I already forgot. Sorry.
But now a rhythm party. If you have all the DLC is up to like, no, no, it's funny. No.
About 20 songs maybe starting to feel a little more like a full game. All right, but let's
travel. Let's travel back to a day when there wasn't DLC, shall we? We're going to take
a trip down memory lane to a time when games are simpler. Not in this case. It might still
be a difficult game, but, uh, back before where there was this fancy schmancy cover
and dialogue trees. This one had nine inch nails. Awesome. What is the classic game of
the week? Quake. Yeah, seriously. If you guys, if Alan can do half life while I'm gone, but
I can do quake. Um, quake is if you don't know what quake is and you need to get out
from under the rock that you've been under for the last 20 years. Um, quake is a first
person shooter game that came out by, um, the same people that gave us doom. Surprise,
surprise. Um, and it spawned a whole series of games that actually came out on steam on
August 3rd, 2007. Basically you have to go navigate through the level and you face enemies
and you have to open doors and do different things. But when you start a level, you have
three different pathways. It's an easy, medium and hard skill level. And to get to like the
nightmare level, you have to, um, go into a secret passageway and stuff. So basically,
um, you've got different episodes of about eight levels each and there's even a low gravity
episode too. Um, but you collect all these different items and you carry them onto the
next level and then the next level gets, you know, more challenging. When you die, you
have to restart at the beginning of that level, but you can save your game as many times as
you want. Um, you also do have multiplayer, like a death match. You've got, I think there
was captured the flag. Yeah. But I mean, I really don't need to go into too much detail
about the story of Quake because seriously, it's what happened with Quake. Who gives a
fuck about the story? This is just about killing bitches. Pretty much. I mean, basically you
have to stop an enemy named Quake. That's pretty much it. And it's sort of like a military
operation that sends you through. It's like, it's like Doom. It's dark fantasy. So, um,
but anyway, it's what happened with this game. I'm going to switch from the ambient noises
to the actual music here. Yeah. Okay. It's pretty much what happened with this game after
that. It was a VGA full color, uh, game. You know, there's an ASCII version of it. I actually
did know that. There's an ASCII version of Quake. It's where the Quake engine went with
this. That game engine has been in so many other games. Basically it's, um, it uses,
it was polygon models instead of the sprites, you know, the way that Doom did it. You have
full 3d level design, different light maps that are pre-rendered. You've got all kinds
of abilities to modify it because there is a huge Quake modding, um, uh, community out
there. I remember bringing up on the show, um, playing Gotcha Quake, which was Gotcha
Mon Patch for Quake. That's why we have talked about this on the show before. I knew it came
out before, but it's not just a classic movie. Did you know it was developed by John Carmack?
I did know that. Yep. Um, also Michael Abrash and Johnny Cash as opposed to Johnny Cash
who was dead. He wasn't at the time. What? And not his son either. And I was just thinking
about, you know, the people that did the soundtrack. Johnny Cash was involved with the cover, but
nevermind. Anyway, but if this was like pretty much the king of first person shooter games
for the longest time, um, there, huh? I was gonna say, even I played the shit out of this
game in college. We used to call, like this is back in, um, you know, when we had used
modems to dial into everything, but my friends at Sonoma State had like one of those state
of the art T one lines or whatever. So we'd all call into their server at Sonoma State.
We play the fuck out of this game till like two in the morning. Yeah. So much fun. Multiplayers.
I mean, well, basically when, um, the, uh, before there was even a demo, there was, uh,
arcade software put out Q test, which is a February 24th, 1996. That was a tech demo
that had three multiplayer maps. And basically it just lit a fire cause when Quake came out,
there were servers everywhere popping up. I mean, just basically like you were saying,
and uh, you know, there were people reskinning the textures, you know, reskinning the whole
visuals, making new maps, you name it. That's what really came out. It's basically, um,
scripted in, um, Quake C was I believe the, the code for it, the coding for it. And the
first, um, Quake mod that came out was Team Fortress, which was capture the flag, but
it had that class system basically. And we know where Team Fortress has gone since then.
So there was also, um, three wave capture the flag. There was, uh, you know, I've actually
seen where someone used, um, they did it first in Quake and then went and did it in Half
Life where they redid the whole ending of, um, of, uh, Cube 2.
Oh yeah. Yeah. But there were like different, uh, you know, they created different bots
for it. There's Rocket Arena where, uh, you didn't have to really know the levels that
well. It was really more of a matter of how you played it. There's people that do speed
runs. Um, there's the big nickname Quake done quick. You remember that? There's also a second
attempt that was called Quake done quicker that beat the game in 16 minutes, 35 seconds,
which actually reduced it from three minutes from the original run. And I think that now
they're down to it having been beaten in 12 minutes. So that's pretty good. So yeah, there's
all kinds of different, it's, it's really blown up since then. Like, um, going to this,
uh, image on here, that's basically the family tree of Quake games. We have on here coming
from Quake, we have Quakeworld that spawned Twilight and more Quakeworld, Zquake, FTE,
um, Doom 3 eventually came from, uh, Quake 3, which was built on Quake 2, built from,
uh, the first Quake. So we've got, like, all of these different ones. Medal of Honor, um,
Allied Assault. We have, uh, STV Elite Forces 2 on the list. We have Paintball. Jedi Academy.
There's all kinds of games on here that run off of variants of the original Quake engine.
So basically your first person shooters are what they are today because of Quake. Just
saying. And also you can play it on, um, the Amiga. God, that's how old this game was.
It actually runs on an Amiga. There's a port for it on the Amiga. The ports I really need
to get into. Well, they made the source cord pub or source code. So source code public
some time ago, right? Yes. Um, the Commodore Amiga port was done in 1998 by ClickBoom.
And then, but it's only available in 68K. Uh, there was a Linux version that was made
by an id software employee. Of course there was a Linux version. For fun, in a spare time.
And then in 1999 there's a retail version, um, for Linux that was put out by, uh, Macmillan
Digital. There also had two add-ons, which was the offering for Linux. So there's a Mac
version now that was done by Macsoft. Um, there's Sega, it came out on Sega Saturn,
Nintendo 64. There are all kinds of versions. There's Nintendo DS versions of Quake. There's
Quake DS and SeaQuake. So you name it, you can play Quake on it probably. You probably
play Quake on a toaster. So that's it. There it is, your classic game of the week. A true,
true classic indeed. Quake. I remember playing Quake 3 on the Dreamcast with our ethernet
adapter. Quake 3 was amazing. And you know what, if you want to just, like, play Quake
inspired games, go play Quake Live, because that's basically Quake 3. And even though
there's lots of differences between Quake 1 and Quake 3, eh, it's still a good time.
ASCII Quake. ASCII Quake is just funny. Yeah, it's funny for like two seconds. Alright.
Then you're like, this is annoying. Escape. This makes my eyes hurt. Ow. Alright, uh,
that's gonna do it for part A of Orange Launch Radio, but we have plenty more to come. Don't
go anywhere. Don't stop your iPods. Don't turn off your live stream of all games, because
we got plenty more to come. Rapid Fire News, Fugal Question, Mailbag, FUs, your calls,
more news when we come back with more of Orange Launch Radio. Welcome back everybody to Orange
Launch Radio, the show where every gamer has a voice. We are live here with episode number
449 of our show at All Games Radio. Hope you guys are joining us live. If you've never
listened live before, you really should join us sometime. We got a very full chat tonight.
Just want to give a shout out to all of our chatters. Some folks talking about the music
we played on Break. Obviously we can't play the copyrighted music on the podcast. There's
like laws and stuff. We would like to continue to deliver our podcast. But we had music from
Street Fighter and we had music from Tekken, because I was doing a little joke there, Street
Fighter and Tekken. And some folks are talking about kind of, you know, what songs, what
stage music they prefer, or what character. In the case of Act Deft in our chatroom says,
Cami greater than Chun Li. That's just cause she shows her butt. If you do, if you win
with a special move, doesn't she show her butt? Okay, I have to tell you where that
came from. What? Dan's little brother. It was a friend of ours son was saying, whenever
Cami does her wind pose and turns around, she goes, look at my butt. That's what he
would say. Loki? I was going to make the argument that is because she was, she's not American
though. So I can't make that argument, but I thought that they're drawing some sort of
a comparison to soundtracks of a certain other game and one being superior to the other,
you know, the non Japanese being superior. Stop it right now. Stop it. All right. But,
but, but to be fair, UK and Japanese have the same soundtrack. So hot. Ikuma JP says,
I don't use female characters in any game. I think that, I think that's just Street Fighter
he's talking about. But I noticed in fighting games that the female characters tend to be
like the ones that are quick and agile. You know, I know that's kind of stereotype, but
that's how I use almost all female characters. Me too. Like accepting King of Fighters where
they all look androgynous. I used to be a pretty good Chun Li player like back in the
day. I want a very non agile, large female character. They probably do exist. I'm like
trying to think you'd probably have to go to like the Neo Geo series. The only character
that I can think of in the Street Fighter series that's female and sizable would be
Elena and her legs. Mm hmm. Um, there's also, um, no, I can't think of one. Um, but I know
that there's male characters that are, you know, like a Vega. If you want to do Street
Fighter, one thing of the sizable male characters, like what was this? Well, that's what I'm
saying. We need a large, sassy black woman as like you do. Uh, I was trying to think
of one exit. Well, you can, you can create to your heart's content and soul caliber,
which I was thinking Ivy doesn't exactly, of course, nothing in soul caliber is really
agile. I mean, it's sort of caliber is kind of a different style of fighting. I guess
that's not true. Some would say like Voldo is like an agile type of character, but Voldo
is also into bondage and shows off his package regularly. Not that there's anything wrong
with that. All right. Now let's move on. We've got to get back into some gaming news. Uh,
we still have a lot of room to go here before we get to your calls later on in the show.
So Loki, how about some news? All right, let's talk about the new Sim city. They showed it
off at GDC and uh, it looks pretty, it's not scheduled to come out until 2013. Um, and
it will be on PC, but it looks like they've really amped up the detail, everything, you
know, from actually seeing the individual cars driving around to the way, how much control
you have over. It's just ridiculous. The amount of control, but a pretty awesome looking and
we'll run on in this new glass box engine, uh, which like I said, it's really, really
detailed. Um, yeah, so very cool looking game. Sorry. This has nothing to do with Sim city,
but my mind is still suck stuck on the whole, uh, you want to like large sassy lady in a
fighting game. And my mind for some reason instantly went to Latrice Royale from RuPaul's
drag race. And that made me think, wouldn't RuPaul's drag race make the best fighting
game ever? That would be great. The time has come for you to lip sync for your life. No,
really your life. I was thinking that Oprah should be downloadable. Then he could have,
you know, Sharon needles with her party city attack. It'd be great. Anyway, there's like
two people listening that'll get that joke. Oh yeah. I actually know who Sharon needles
is. Sim city. Yeah. Um, remember the old games? Yeah. Old Sim city games were hilarious. Did
you ever play the Sim city game that was on the PC on CD rom? Like they had a not, I'm
not talking about the first computer one cause obviously the old school one, I think a lot
of us have played cause there's a port of it on super Nintendo, but there's one on CD
that had like it hoard the full motion video and there was some bad video. Did you ever
play it? I did not play that one. The first Sim city game I played was on five and a quarter
floppies that uh, was in black and white. Well, the monitor I had was in black and white,
but a really old Sim city. Then I played some city 2000 a little bit. I didn't really care
for it too much. I was like, whoa, this is way more complicated than Sim city. So this
game is like, I didn't like the minute I was like, wait, I have to build like piping and
shit too. Yeah, no. Yeah. That's this game. The manager, sewer systems. I'm like, I just
want to build buildings and have Godzilla attack them. I saw the most scary thing ever,
ever for Sim city. What's that was this guy who basically created the most efficient city
in Sim city with 6 million people and fully functioning everything. But the thing that
he sacrificed was longevity of the people. So he had them dying off at like 50, but his
city was the most efficient and he spent four years making it. Wow. That's frightening forever.
And he's got himself exactly. It's the forever alone guy. He plays Sim city, but seriously,
there's like a YouTube on there of him bragging about his shit with this epic music and all
I can think of. That's so sad. Speaking of YouTube, I've got to play this for you guys
since you haven't seen it. This is one of the great cut scenes from that Sim city PC.
Remember when everything had to have full motion video? Yes. So this was like that period
where like every adventure you've had. Okay. Here's, here's a great cut scene back from
the Sim city days. So this is like one of the action news sequences that would chime
into your game when things happen. Check out that 1994 rendering. Finally in the new 90
year old Yancy Kornblatt was arrested last night for flashing for the 79th time. Kornblatt
told the court that he was going to retire, but decided to stick it out one more year.
We've just received an emergency report that a serious meltdown has occurred at the Sim
city nuclear power plant. Plant may reach critical mass at any moment and explode above
do not panic. Repeat, do not panic. Stay calm. Even though radiation may fear or flash internals
always just listening slices of human spam. Everything will be just peachy. Do not panic.
And the Oscar goes to, I don't know the pun. Horribly bad lipstick. Basic ass bitch from
Sim city action news. We should do a, where are they now? I would like to know what happened
here. Mocap or it was a full motion video actors and actresses. Where are they now?
I would love that as a segment. Oh my God. Dana Plato dead. I couldn't help it. Actually.
I don't know that that might not be that different. We should try that. That'd be kind of fucking
down with that. That is like, I'm sorry. The first thing that popped in my head was night
trap. I was like, Tina Plato, dad, Jamie shame on you. That would be kind of funny. I'm all
down for that. I would like to know what happened to Sim city action news lady. Some of these
people might actually be famous for all we know. I don't think she is, but here's the
thing. I'm not, I'm not doing this to harp on her acting skills or whatever. Cause let's
face it, we all got to get work somewhere and you know, moving from community theater.
She's been in one, one more game than I have. Right. More people have seen her than listen
to this podcast. I'm sure of that. But look, uh, my point is that stuff would just cut
right into the middle of your game when you were playing Sim city, like you'd be doing
your thing, doo, doo, doo, doo, doo, doo. And then all of a sudden that fucking full
motion video would come in. God damn it. I'm trying to play a game. Oh yeah. Sim city five.
Hope it doesn't suck. I don't think Sim city woman's going to be in it though. Oh, thank
God. You should do that. They're just, what? That doesn't make any sense. Stan in the chat
room says she's probably selling insurance now. Hey, wait a minute. I work in insurance.
You better watch it buddy. What are you talking about? All right, moving on. Oh, poor, poor
Dana Plato. Oh, is it my turn? No, it's Loki's. Loki's done one story. rapid fire news. Hey,
we were talking about Sim city. Okay. It's important. I promise to be fair. I'm going
to be fast. Uh, the next one, uh, would be a sorcery. Finally has a date and you know,
Hey, they talked about it during E3 is a big thing. And then it went poof, disappeared
and just delays, delay, delay. So now the PlayStation move game will be out on May 22nd.
Looks kind of neat. Um, so yeah, May 22nd. And then finally diabolical pitch, which is
the really strange, uh, crossing between grasshopper manufacturer and connect and also zombies
and baseball. Um, that game will be out April 4th and man, what a weird fucking game that
is, but, uh, that'll be out on Xbox live arcade. Um, and yes, it's a really weird fucking game,
but would you have it any other way with grasshopper manufacturer? I'm okay with weird. Yeah. So
throwing baseballs at zombies. So with connect, good time. Yeah. All right. Well, this isn't
as cool as a connect zombies and all that stuff, but, um, it's a game that a lot of
people are looking forward to and a huge change apparently announced this week. Diablo three.
Hello. PC game. You might've heard of it coming out soon. Cause the, you know, Diablo two
sold billions of copies. Uh, PVP has been taken out for now, which might lend a hint
as to what the holdup is with this game. We've been talking about it here. I know I've been
talking about it all the time on a hoard house. This game has been delayed, delayed, delayed.
Well, no Blizzard game has ever truly delayed cause they don't, you know, but let's be real.
The beta has been out forever, so it seems like the game is done. So the question has
been, what's the holdup? Well, it might've been PVP because this official press release
came out on Blizzard site that basically says, um, you know, we're counting down the days
getting ready to announce this release date. We have come to realize that PVP is not up
to the standards. We will release it in a patch following the game's launch to which
a lot of people kind of roll their eyes and go, uh, patching in the content after the
game. But let's be fair. PC games kind of do this anyway a lot and something as robust
as PVP and they're not going to charge the extra for it. I think it's okay if they're
going to do that. PVP wasn't really in Diablo two, so it was something new to Diablo three.
So whereas I'm sure some folks will be disappointed if it'll get the damn game out already, then
I'm okay with this taking a little bit of a break. So they do say that when PVP does
come out multiple arena maps, theme locations and so forth, it wasn't in the beta. So I
guess it's not that surprising that PVP is getting cut out. So hopefully your release
date for Diablo before too long. Uh, hopefully your release date soon for this game too,
because I know the screenshots that came out for it this week have me very excited as I'm
sure a lot of you and that is Kingdom Hearts 3D or Kingdom Hearts Dream Drop Distance.
Get it? Well, some of the screenshots came out this week that show Sora in Tron World.
Looks very sexy. Uh, there's a Sora with a little identity disc there. There's a little
picture here that you can actually see. You can see Korra and you can see, um, you know,
Jeff Bridges character and I'm assuming that's his son. Although it doesn't really look like
him. No it is. Sam, son of Flynn. It's supposed, yeah, I know it's Sam. And Riku? The other
two kind of, kind of at least look like him. Is that Riku? No, I think that's Sora. I thought
it was Riku. Cause I couldn't see his poofy hair. Yeah, well it's in the hat. Uh, by the
way, Jeff Bridges confirmed for the game. That's awesome. That is very awesome. So.
I love Jeff Bridges. I know, it's great that he will do that and it's great that, you know,
those Kingdom Hearts game, man, they don't fuck around with the voice actors. No, they
don't. And I know the first one got a lot of shit for Lance Bass as Sephiroth, but let's
be real. I mean, you know, that was during the height of his, like in sync and all that
stuff. So to get him to voice a video game, no matter what character it was, was kind
of a big deal. And a lot of the voice, just the voice I can cast in all those games is
phenomenal. So it looks like they are sparing no expense with Kingdom Hearts 3D. I would
love to see a Kingdom Hearts 3 on consoles already, but I'll take this to hold me over.
One other, uh, quick story here about Dead or Alive 5. Dead or Alive 5 has a new character
on the roster. Might be familiar if you've ever played a little game called Virtua Fighter.
Akira Yuki will be in the next Dead or Alive game. There you go. So if you're a Virtua
Fighter fan. I'm not. Worlds are colliding. I wasn't really either, but there you go.
All right. You know, my husband liked it and I was like, the only time I ever played any
version of that game for like any period of time was because I was trying to knock off
Kage's mask in Virtua Fighter 2. All right. So my turn, huh? Yep. Well, how about some
stuff from Nimblebit? There is a new work in progress called Pocket Planes that, uh,
it looks just like a tiny tower, but it's with airplanes and you basically stuff people
into airplanes and you make bigger and bigger airplanes and you take them all over the world.
That sounds like fun, doesn't it? I want that game. I like everything that Nimblebit does.
And then Assassin's Creed 3 will be on the Wii U and there is a trailer out. And, uh,
isn't this the one that's like the Native American one that's taking place during the
American Revolution? I do believe it is. So yeah, it actually has, uh, big battles that
are going on, including the, uh, Continental Army versus the British Army, all kinds of
cool stuff. You know, actually I have to tell you something. Assassin's Creed came up in
my Renaissance history class, my Renaissance art history class, because apparently it is,
it shows, um, the towns so realistically that my teacher was able to use the models in the
game to show us the Palazzo and all kinds of different places in Venice. I thought I
would mention that. So she was able to walk her daughter through different parts of the
places in the game because she knew of them from, you know, through art history. I thought
it was pretty cool. So anyway, also Just Dance Propel. Yay. So you can drink your Propel
while you drink, while you play. Is it really tie into the drink Propel or is that just
the name? Speculation. I see. It's, I think it's just a clever name, but yeah. But hey
yo dog, I heard you like Propel so you can play Propel while you drink Propel and Propel
your head through the screen. Old meme is old. I know, but it's still funny sometimes.
Okay, I'm done. Real quick. Yeah. Now this might be a coincidence, but I was looking
for the actress that played... I was just about to say the chatters found something
on that, but go ahead. We'll see what you got first. Stephanie Fargo is the actress
that did that. Funny enough, search for Stephanie Fargo on Facebook. You don't get Stephanie
Fargo. You do, however, get Stephanie, I believe it's Goats, who happens to be a news reporter.
Is that a coincidence or what? She's also blonde. It could be the one. She could have
actually turned this into a career. I'm not saying that this is the person because there's
very little go on because you know, IMDB and stuff, but man, that would be a coincidence.
OLR me. Bring me Stephanie Fargo. I has questions. And she looks like age wise that it could,
it could be show me cause I can't find her. Like you've got it. Stephanie Fargo's photos,
address, phone, email. See, look, I did a search for Stephanie Fargo. You shouldn't
encourage people to stalk like this. This is, this is borderline. Like I got a bunch
of, you know, but I was like news anchor reporter. Really? Wow. I mean that would be a coincidence.
I'm don't get me wrong. I don't know. It doesn't really look like her to me. It's hard to say
because I mean that that's like the nineties hair. Well, SSU 100. Matt was the chatter
that said the wind said step. Stephanie Fargo is the SimCity news hiker. Her IMDB says that
she's only been in SimCity, but that's IMDB. I mean, I was like, you all have problems.
Stop stocking these poor, poor full motion actors. Oh my God, you guys. All right, let's
go to the foogle question of the week. Every week we ask you guys a question on the Facebook
and the Google plus you put them together. It's foogle, uh, Facebook, Google question
of the week. With the recent announcement of the new iPad, the statement was made by
Apple that the resolution of the device was greater than the PlayStation three or Xbox
three 60 experience. Do you consider the iPad a gaming device for the core gamer? Why or
why not? I think we've kind of said our piece on this. Let's go to some of the answers.
There was a lot of answers. I can't read them all, but I'm going to read some of these.
Um, let's see. Jennifer J says to be completely honest, I don't see it as much of a gaming
machine. I mean, sure there are games made for it and whatnot, but I really don't see
it going anywhere. But then again, I might be wrong. Uh, John K says, not really. While
there are some amusing games that one can play on it, the lack of physical controls
holds it back from a solid gaming experience. I've yet to play anything on the iPad on the
level of an uncharted Arkham city, Final Fantasy 13, et cetera. Uh, Jim H says not for core
gamers. They'll always want a deeper experience. However, it's a gaming machine of a different
sort. I think you're going to see that Nintendo and Sony's newer portable consoles aren't
going to sell like past incarnations because Apple and Android have all the casual pickup
and play gamers locked up. I think there's a story on that coming up in a minute here.
Uh, Hunter R says, first of all, the resolution claim is contingent on the apps that run on
the iPad. Remember the PS3 can do 1080p, but how many games actually run at that resolution?
As far as the iPad being a gaming device, I don't buy it. I don't play many games on
my iPad and the games I do play are mainly board and card games. This is mostly due to
the control scheme. Having my fingers get in the way of the display is a problem for
most games, but is not a problem for boarding card games. Also, I use my iPad more to watch
videos, use Twitter, check my email, read online articles and type up long rambling
passages that may or may not be interesting, such as this one. Uh, let's see. Uh, Katsu
Hiko J says, uh, for a pickup and go experience. Yes. You can say the full name on that one.
It's a anime character. I always say first in the lesson at OTA. For a pickup and go
experience. Yes. For a sit down and play for hours experience. Probably not. That is decided
by the game, whether it's tiny tower or grand theft auto. Realistically, I can see myself
playing tiny tower for two to three minutes and be satisfied. There's no way I can play
it for many hours straight, not even 30 minutes. It won't replace your PS3 or your 360. I kind
of like that compare or that kind of calling it out like that because that's a lot of what
I see in iOS gaming versus, you know, playing on the consoles. It's really about that time
investment. There's a lot of games that just take like seconds. Uh, last one from Facebook
here. Mike B says if they put Xbox live on the iPad, it would be a winner. So you could
play the games you have downloaded on Xbox live. It would be fun to play. Bejeweled was
my friends or some gears of war. I love the thinking, but you have to be living in a fantasy
world for Microsoft to suddenly get along with the Apple devices like that. Um, but
why aren't we seeing that type of stuff with the windows phones? I guess. Well, I guess
we are a little bit. I mean, there is Xbox live stuff on there and I think you can even
go so far as to earn some achievement points. I don't know about the whole cross platform
playing, but if the Vita can interface with the PC, I mean anything else is just a matter
of time, I'm sure. So, but as far as gears of war, that might be a bit much, but jeweled
you'd think will be easy though. I think I might've found Ms. Fargo. You guys are stalkers.
What's wrong with you guys? The one, the one I found it wasn't her because it just happened
that since I searched for Fargo, it was a news anchor in Fargo. So that's not, I see.
What did you owner Stephanie Fargo, a gorgeous Amazonian, former actress with an uproarious
laugh. I found that article. Yeah, it's a revolution fitness. So she's a fitness instructor
now. That might be her. She didn't look Amazonian in the, uh, the video there. She was also
sitting down. She might've bulked up if she took a fitness instructor role. Anyhow, can
I, can I go to the Googles? Can I go to the Googles? Cause they're actually my favorite
response out of all of them was on Google plus Stephanie powers. So let me get to Google
plus, um, our page on Google plus you can find by searching for orange launch radio.
Let me read a couple of these here. Uh, Carlos M says, definitely I do more gaming on my
zoom tablet than on my PS three and we combined and my Xbox beats it just because of dragon
age having sampled the world of goo need for speed and dead space for the tablet format.
I can certainly vouch for the quality of games, not only graphics wise, but also on their
entertainment value. Now, if they'd, if only they'd release a final fantasy or BioWare
RPG there. Well, to be fair, I just want to get this out there. There are some really
good final fantasy ports, um, on iPhone, which would be the final fantasy one, two and three.
And I believe three has an iPad version too. Uh, and then there's, I think tactics to mass
effect supposedly has a spinoff game that's on iOS, but my friends that are like obsessed
with mass effect tell me it stinks and Loki's given the thumbs down too. Here's my favorite
comment of them all from Derek H. The iPad is a gaming device. Just like a picture of
B Arthur is a contraceptive. It'll work in an emergency, but it should never be your
first choice unless you're Deadpool. The iPad lacks two things that a gaming device needs.
A decent way to control games and decent games. Sure you can point to a couple of passable
titles, but that's out of thousands. When 1.3 of your games are passable, it's time
to move on. Also, it's not a camera, so I don't ever want to see anyone at any event
taking pictures with it. And it's also not a video editor, a typewriter, a guitar, credit
card machine, or a piano. I got to say, I know as much as you want to, you want to have
first off, that was a hilarious comment in the beginning, but I will say for the second
half of it, a video editor, I wouldn't use it for anything serious, but I took a trip
up to Lake Tahoe and I did a little video and I did it in iMovie and it was really easy
and it made a cool, fun little thing to post on Facebook. I wouldn't make it much more
serious than that, but I was actually really pleased with video editing on the iPhone because
it was really super easy. But granted, if I was going to do anything professional, I
would do it on a Mac or a PC. Credit card machine, I was at a restaurant the other day
and I saw the waiter taking my order on an iPod. Couldn't believe it. That's where technology
has come. It was the same restaurant you were at the other day, you were telling me when
you came in here. Well, something else too is that a friend of mine who used to do drive-by
appraisals actually would do them with his iPad mounted on the front of his bike and
would basically drive around the house on his bike and take pictures of the home. Basically,
what a drive-by appraisal is for people who don't know is when a mortgage company hires
somebody to go make sure the house is lived in. I get the sense that the iDevices, they
don't do anything maybe the best, but they do them well enough and considering how portable
they are, a lot of people really like it. But that's, you know, I think a lot of that
is based on opinion. So, it is the show where every gamer has a voice. Alright, let's move
on to a few more news stories before we get to the mailbag, the twitter.com slash o-l-r
and all that good stuff. Loki. Well, of course this month, well, just recently we got some
NPD numbers talking about the sales during February. The Nintendo 3DS has finally hit
4.5 million units in its first year. It's outperformed the original DS already and of
course it hasn't even quite hit a year yet. That will be March 27th, but, eh, you know,
close enough I guess. By comparison, I guess they said 9 million units of software have
been sold and 1.2 billion dollars in revenue it's generated so far. The original DS sold
2.3 million units in its first year. And of course, during February, 200,000 of those
are actually, actually I'm sorry it's not 2,000, yeah 200,000 systems were moved during
February and Mario Galaxy has sold 5 million units as well. So, it's doing pretty well.
The Nintendo Wii also sold about 228,000 units and the 3DS itself 135. So, still not doing
too bad even though the 3DS is out. Microsoft didn't do too bad as well. They sold almost
half a million units for the Xbox 360 and reached the top console spot for 14 consecutive
months. That's not bad. The PlayStation Move, they've shipped 10.5 million units. Of course,
as I've mentioned in the past before when they talk about shipping units for the Move,
how you can't really compare that to the Kinect because the Kinect, you know, they've sold,
I can't remember how many units for the Kinect, it's quite a bit. I think it's actually still
more than 10 million units. But, you know, what are they exactly counting for the PlayStation
Move since, you know, like the Wii, you can use multiple Move units per system and are
they counting the camera, are they counting the navigation controller, any accessories,
it's just Move units. You can bet the math is as fuzzy as possible. I'd be willing to
bet, yeah. So, 10.5 million units, that could be significantly less households and judging
by the sales of Move-only games, I would guess it's probably... I don't want to sound like
a jerk, but I don't think I know anyone in real life that has a PlayStation Move. I know
people on the internet. Oh, you do? Yeah. Do I play with it? No. Maybe that's why I
don't know anybody because nobody ever like, you know, says, let's play Move. It's sad
because it's not bad. It's actually a pretty good peripheral. I mean, I would prefer to
use Move over Kinect, but, you know, I think for some things, the Kinect is way better.
Like dancing games, I think it would be a lot better, you know, tracking you versus,
you know, the Move controller. For like core games, like, you know, shooters and stuff,
it's probably way better. Like, I would play... What was it? God, no. I'd play like some of
the third-person shooters or whatever, the gun games and stuff with the Move controller
versus trying to even remotely do that with a Kinect camera. It just wouldn't be accurate
at all. Plus it has buttons. Buttons are important, right? Yeah. Very important. All right. Well,
what about the sales figures overall? I mean, what do we think this is saying? Like, is
the 3DS recovered or whatever? I mean, this says to me, yes. I think that's the picture
they're trying to paint is that it's, you know, recovered, but, you know, we'll see
how, you know, long-term that is. I'm still doing well. I mean, even the regular DS is
doing fine. The Wii, though, I can guarantee you that the Wii systems, you know, even 200,000,
that's still, I think, gone the downturn. And, you know, looking at the slate of Wii
games coming out, they're kind of done with that system. I mean, there's a lot of games
that aren't getting Wii ports anymore. It's just, it's gone. All right. Well, this might
make Loki sad, because I don't know who he's going to make fun of now. But Peter Molyneux
has left Microsoft, meaning he's left Lionhead Studios as well. Ah, yes. His head was too
big for the building. He had to leave. I think they had to carve him a new door on the way
out. He's left for a startup called 22 cans. Big cans. No, 22 cans. He did leave some parting
words. His parting words were, quote, it is with mixed emotions that I make the decision
to leave Microsoft and Lionhead Studios, the company that I co-founded in 1997 at the conclusion
of development of Fable The Journey. I remain extremely passionate and proud of the people,
products and experiences that we created. It's not on rails. Okay, I added the last
part, but the rest of it's true. Because it is on rails. So there you go. It is apparently
an amicable breakup. Uh, there's still Facebook friends from what I understand. So, uh, maybe
sometimes they'll just end up in bed together. They might throw some shade at each other
once in a while, but that'll be the extent of it. I was going to make a game about a
little boy named Milo. Then Chris Hansen showed up. So now I'm on the lam. So I went to a
company called 22 cans, 22 cans. All right. I, they're a porn company. Stop it. 22 cans.
That's the people that they have standing out on the street with an empty can saying,
put money in me. What level is this show sunken to? Not Rob. Dana Plato. What you talking
about? Mail bag at orangelandtrader.com is where you send emails every week and dark
soccer has to read them. Why don't you read the emails from our kind and generous listeners
this week? Oh, I like you. You're my favorite show ever. Don't make them up. Okay. Hi. I
just wanted to say thank you for talking me out of buying street fighter cross tech and
I was very excited to get it, but after hearing how over a quarter of the complete roster
is paid to unlock, I had to say hell no. In fact, I went to GameStop yesterday to preorder
the game, but I got a three ds instead and I got Mario Kart, so I'm down to play someone.
The guy before me was buying a PS three and just dance three and I preordered the game
as well. I was at the register next to him and the lady checking me out and she is checking
you out. I'm asked if I wanted to preorder any games and I told her that you were hot
with your three ds. I wanted to get street fighter cross tech in it, but went on about
how quarter the roster was paid to unlock and the guy was checking out next to me freaked
out. You could totally see the surprise in his eyes when I blurted that out. I'm sure
she was pissed that I might have talked to the guy out of a sale. Oh well. But yeah,
that's just nuts. 12 characters, probably $5 a piece to buy would mean they'd be $60,
which is the cost of a game. Are you telling me that I'd have to shell out the same amount
of money in order to get the full experience? Um, there's a big link on there. I'm not going
to relink. Um, this is why they did it to save on hard drive space, but they didn't
explain when they'd be unlocked and I'm guessing $3-$5 a piece, which is still too much. Sure
they did that with Jill and Shuma Garath in the two Marvel vs Capcom 3 games, but that's
just for two characters. If all 12 characters were available in a bundle for like $10, then
I'll stop bitching. But I doubt that'll happen. Oh, I also thought it was funny that the PS3
exclusive characters can also be found on the Xbox version. Their files were found in
the disc, so if anyone is good at hacking, they might be able to play as cool on the
Xbox. Okay, that's it. I'm done. Thanks for reading this. I look forward to your
tenth-versary, Stan. And also, the reason why they're probably on the disc is because
it's the same information ported. Oh yeah, it's kind of lazy porting, in a way. I mean,
I know that sounds really harsh, but it kind of is what it is. The other thing I want to
say about that is it's kind of scary that we kind of talked not one but two people out
of buying the game. It's not what we set out to do. Like, I'm not trying to discourage
people from buying the game, because, you know, again, there's fighting game fans out
there that are going to eat this up, and that's fine. That is fine. It's your money. Buy what
you want. But, you know, we're all about people making informed decisions, and it sounds like
that's what happened in this case, is that people kind of realized, like, wait a minute,
I'm going to have to pay $60, and then if I want everything, I have to pay $60 more
dollars, maybe, only to see a super Uber collection at the end of the year? I kind of talked myself
out of it with that same logic. I think that's why I asked Loki earlier, what did the sales
look like for this game, because I want to see if it's just more than the three of us
now that we're up to. Anyhow, next email. Dear Orange Launch Radio, let me say, first, you
guys and Lady are amazing. Between Loki's Rants of Rage and Dark Soccer in the Sky's
Epic Trolls, you make a three-hour podcast of very entertaining. I'm not a troll. Epic
trolls. I'm not an epic troll. You don't, you, it's not that you are a troll, it's that
you have done trolling. I was trolling you for compliments. Bitch. Girl, please. Now,
granted, I haven't listened to you guys from the beginning, mostly because I was ten when
you guys started... Oh my God. Okay, emailers, I totally appreciate, I appreciate your emails.
Please don't say that ever again. But for the past three years, you guys have taught
me about old school games, system hackings, and other stuff I can't think of off the top
of my head. You guys can make a long car drive seem shorter, a boring day entertaining, and
a regular guy seem crazy because he can't stop laughing in the middle of class. I hope
you guys keep podcasting, really enjoy the show, signed Haseo Sumiragawa. PS, if there
are trophy whores listening to this show, you can add me on PSN, it's Haseo underscore
Sumiragawa. I would love to be able to compare trophies to someone that isn't 100 or so trophies
below my total. Next email. Now start paying attention in class, you young whippersnapper.
Hello Hellions. Ever since the expansion pack for World of Warcraft involving the Pandarens
was released, something has been stuck in my head. I've been ruminating about it for
some time until it struck me just now. Look at the promotional material released for this
expansion pack. Look at the architecture that is on display. Look at the landscapes that
are on display. Look at the pandas that are on display. Suddenly something seems very
clear to me. The Pandaren expansion for World of Warcraft seems tailor made to appeal to
China. But, being that China is an emerging market, not just in video games, but also
different aspects of our modern day economy, it makes sense that Blizzard would tailor
make something for the Chinese public. Okay. This also makes me think of the possibilities
that could happen if Blizzard decides to tailor make something to any other emerging markets.
Finally, one of the possibilities began to take tangible shape in my mind. Behold, the
Jersey Darians. Lord. Okay. This is funny now. Coming from the mythical realm of shortopia,
smush smush. I don't know what that means. The Jersey Darians are an orange race whose
clothes, hair and muscular definitions appeal mostly to people of their own race. The Jersey
Darians are not a smart race, but just try telling them that. Criticizing a Jersey Darian
may result in you getting your teeth punched in by an orange troll whose overstylized hair
makes up for the bulk of their height. One of them is pregnant, you know. I know I didn't
need to know that. It just made my life hurt. Other possibilities for expansion packs for
the emerging markets include for the English, the Cockney Darians, for the Irish, the U2
Darians, for the Somalians, the not Jack Sparrow Piradarians, and for Utah, the conservative
control freak-a-darians. Stay black, Reddertainment. This message has been brought to you by politicians
who value adequately funding a sports stadium over adequately funding public education.
Grrr. I just thought of the best argument ever for gay marriage. Or, you know, equal
marriage because there's really no such thing as gay marriage. But I have the best argument
ever. I can't get married, but Snooki can. Just think about that for a minute. So that
sink in next time you're at the ballot box. That's the country we live in, folks. There's
a woman who's- Rick Santorum wants Snooki to get married, but not me. Anyhow. Hello
OLR crew. There was something else that you might want to say. Oh, the Pandarian thing
in China. We've talked about this on the best little hoard house in Azeroth, a show all
about the World of Warcraft. www.hoardhouse.com. We talked a little bit about this, and actually
I don't think the claim is as far-fetched as some think. It's ironic because there was
a time when people were saying it can't be Pandaria. They're not going to do Pandaria
because there's laws in China against panda people. Like, you can't- that's defacing pandas
and da da da da da da da. I don't think what you're saying is too far-fetched. I think
it's kind of a win-win situation for Blizzard because, yes, they can do a very respectful
thing for the Chinese culture. And, you know, here in the States and in other countries
like Canada and UK and so forth, we kind of like that culture. There's a lot of people
that are like, you know, pandas are cute. And, you know, they, they like the architecture
and all that. So it makes, it makes sense. I still forgot to reserve the name orange
chicken. But I think, um, you know, Pandarans, don't forget, they've been in Warcraft lore
already. They're not new to- Even though they were a joke. Well, yeah, they were kind of
a joke that went really far. Could you imagine a Pandaren druid, Boomkin, named orange chicken?
That would be funny. My troll was, my troll was already an orange chicken. Anyway, hello
OLR crew. Ooh, to DarkSakura. Well, I do respect you preferring the Japanese- Oh god, here
we go. The Japanese Sonic CD soundtrack. I must side with Bobby Blackwolf and claim the
US soundtrack as superior. Again, your opinion. Despite the fact that Sonic CD- Where every
gamer has a voice, a really- That's why I'm pointing out an opinion. A really wrong voice.
I just got the hand. No, that was a high five. Oh, okay. Yeah. I thought you were making
me talk to that. Okay. No, I was giving you a high five. Despite the fact that Sonic CD's
musics have a style different from the other Sonic games for its time, at least to me anyway,
the Japanese music sounds very cheesy. It's way too upbeat and has some hammy voice samples
that are out of place. I believe the US tunes composed by Spencer Nielsen do a fantastic
job of fitting in with the atmosphere of each level, even if it sounds a little new agey
at times. Yeah, but that's kind of why I have a problem with it doesn't sound like Sonic
music. Here's a question for the whole OLR crew. What are some of the best deals that
you've had for video game or video game hardware? For me, I've recently had a Circuit City Tiger
Direct Honor, an erroneous $40 price tag for a 32 gigabyte PlayStation Vita memory card.
I literally just bought Mass Effect for 11 bucks. I thought that was pretty good. This
is also by Full Brazilian. I love that name so much. What's the most that's ever been
shaved off a price for you? I know one on Dan's behalf where he traded his Sega CD for
a Neo Geo and games. What about a Steam? Like anything on Steam? I bought like every Doom
game ever for $3. I know there's a lot of good deals there. And I randomly get free
games from people. I got my Dreamcast for 40 bucks. Amazing deal. Those things are still
fucking rad to have. Dreamcast Twin Sticks for Oritario Tangrum. We paid 45 bucks for
them and they were going eBay for like $500. I won my Dreamcast at a Q's R All Nighter.
Nice. Oh, we've gotten our first model PlayStation when they were still going for $700. We got
$100 back from Discover. $700 for that first PlayStation? I guess they were about that
much in the beginning, weren't they? Yeah, but we got $100 back from Discover and Dan
got his manager's discount on it. So I guess that's kind of good and it still works. There
you go. And it still plays all of our old stuff. So next email? Yes, please. How many
more emails? Three. Geez. I know. It's all right. Every gamer gets a voice. That's why
the show is three and a half hours long. Hi, OLR. A couple of weeks ago, Dark Soccer did
a classic game of the week, which inspired me to get the game for my iPod Touch. More
specifically, Puzzle Bobble, aka Bust A Move. It was well worth the $5 I spent to get it.
It's very addicting and it's full of awesomeness. Keep up the good work. Sincerely, Vince Raven.
P.S. Make sure everyone votes for President Cat in the elections. LOL XD. LOL. If President
Cat was running for Republican, then I think everybody else would not make it. Oh, I was
trying to read if there was a question. I got distracted. There was no question. Somebody
sent me naked photos of one of the people from Glee. So I was like, oh, I want to see
that. And then I wasn't I wasn't listening to the female or male female. OK, who it was.
It's a video game podcast, right? It was just thanking me for referring. What? Nice. I'm
back to video games. OK. OK. What is that badge in the background? It might be. Let's
move on. It was a mirror. No. Well, you see, Jamie, women have a vagina. Shut up. And so
do you. You're a bitch. Read an email. Love you. Mean it. Greetings, OLR. It's your friendly
neighborhood turtle. I just heard that Diablo three is now removing PvP to speed up their
release time. I'm getting real tired of companies. It should be really tired. Hello. Of companies
stripping down their games to hit a release date and the game suffering for it. And it's
my opinion that they usually release the rest of the game as paid DLC, which Blizzard will
not be doing. But I'm still tired of it anyway. Just needed to get my frustration. And I'll
answer Jamie's request for an OLR memory next time. Peace and chicken grease, serious turtle.
I still agree with Rob. Sorry, what was the question? Girl. OK. It's about the Diablo
three, removing the PvP and saying tired of games, right? You know, coming out with stuff
that's going to be DLC later and we'll have to pay for it. They say they're not going
to charge for. Yeah, but I think it's still the you mean it's not going to have everything
on it. I'm OK with it because I don't want to wait nine more months for the game to come
out. Yeah, like you kind of hit a point waiting for a baby. How how long without the indigestion
waiting for Diablo three and PvP was not one of the elements I personally cared about.
I don't as much it. I mean, I'll play it later when they patch it in, but I don't need it
right away. It is like waiting for a baby without the indigestion. Moving on. OK, last
one is I'm I didn't leave a name, so I'm just going to say it's pork chop. I totally agree
with the fact that gamers don't want to work for unlocks anymore. I taken six and still
caliber five. Everything is there to use right away. And the modes are rather lacking. The
good old days of gaming are dwindling, folks. Agreed. And you know what? That's it. At least
that's all I'm going to read. Mailbag at Orange Laundry dot com. It sounds like Jamie sadly
had to cut a few out tonight. So no, I didn't. I just said if any more arrived, I wasn't
going to read them until next week. There you go. Look, you'll read them next week.
There you go. That would be funny if Loki read them. He's done it before when you're
not here. I know. But while I was here, the mailbag. Yeah. All right. Moving on. This
is the part of show where we get angsty because because. Uppity mail bitches. If you'd up
any mail bitches. Hey, not you. OK, there's OK. I have a friend. Oh, I know where this
is going. You know where this is going. You know, going. I already know you didn't have
to say it. Who occasionally acts like a stereotypical hysterical woman and doesn't admit. And it's
Nathan Lane in the bird cage and doesn't ever admit. Well, except for this time when said
person has done something wrong or, you know, gives the roundabout passive aggressive type
of apology. You know what I mean? Well, I'm sorry you feel that way. And I'm getting kind
of sick of it and I'm getting sick of just that sense of entitlement. So. But you know
what? We talked about things are better. I hope that said person watches it. But I really
got so pissed off that I I haven't been this angry in a long time. I got so pissed off
I've worked. She's not lying. She sent me a message. And wow, girl, I just burped. I
am so angry. I burped. I threw up in my mouth. That was awful. And the place I didn't want
to do it either. I was at synagogue. I was sick and had to leave. I was so mad. It was
awful. Loki. Oh, I'm sorry. Girl, I'm F you to rob. I'll sound like you're done. No, I
have one more. All right. Now I forgot what it was. Whatever. Oh, yeah. F you to daylight
savings time, you whore. Who were? Who were? Because, OK, I got last time I went to the
Jewish Film Festival. I come home at like one and sit down to, you know, check on my
email and everything. I look at the clock. Next thing I know, it's three because boom
time skip. And then I'm not in bed until like after four because I had all this crap to
do that I thought I still had another hour to do because I forgot about it. I get up
at one today because of my weird sleeping schedule and I'm groggy all day and tired
and although I did have the world's best chocolate mousse cake last night. So good. OK, I'm done.
Loki. F you to the donut shop in Folsom for not having the baking maple donuts you sold
out of them at what, like 10 in the morning. I mean, seriously, that is just ridiculous.
Not a single donut. You would think that they would be popular and you make a ton of them.
I mean, that's my thought. So that's just unfair. They're open till five o'clock. I
was going to come. I was going to leave early and go to the donut shop, pick up a dozen
of those donuts, bring them in delish, but they know. Sorry, we stopped making them because
we sold out of our tray of them that we made losers. All right. Any more. That's it. Right.
Because you know what happens if I cut someone off my F you the week goes to daylight savings
time as well, because it is a dirty. I've had two cups of coffee today to compensate.
Not one, two cups of coffee. I did too. Thanks to you. Actually. Fuck. I had three. I need
to catch up. Otherwise I had a really crazy week last week, but, um, a lot of like, a
lot of good news and a lot of like, I don't really feel one way or the other about it
news. Just like, just when it rains, it pours and that's not necessarily an F you, but it's
just, damn, I'm going to be busy. If you do the fact that there aren't more hours in the
day. In fact, there's one less thanks to daylight savings time. Did I say a few days daylight
savings time? Cause I really mean it. You know what? I think I can set back you up in
that completely because fuck it. Good. Cause I'm right. I like more nighttime. All right.
I want nighttime savings time. Let's go to some more news before we get to your calls.
Hey, the 800 number works again this week. That's good. But we have a few more stories
first. Loki. All right. Let's talk a little bit about, um, hopefully not anything I was
looking up there. We don't need to talk about that. Um, more boobs. Well, it's the same
boobs. So let's talk about, uh, valve in. Um, they of course came out and debunked the
whole steam box debacle thing or whether everyone's conspiring that they were making some sort
of console. And of course that's not the case. What they were doing though is they were making
test boxes to, um, test out their big picture initiative, which is basically developing
an interface for steam that looks nice on TV displays. So that's what those boxes were
being used for. Not necessarily a game console, but I mean, if you think about it, likely
story, no, it actually does sound like a likely story. So, um, you know, if you think about
it though, I mean that kind of set up, you could use a PC next to your hooked up to your
TV and kind of treat it like game box, you know, or something like that. I don't know.
All right. Well, are you bummed out with this news? Were you hoping for a steam box? No,
I didn't really care. I don't have a steam account. It would have really, that's surprising.
It would have been neat, but it's not the end of the world that, I mean, it's still
going to be a really good service for the PC. So I still think I'm right on the half
life three thing though. So that means there's not going to be half life three until this
steam box is ready years and years away. All right. Maybe I'm trolling a little bit. Um,
I'm not trolling as much as Adidas is though. Yeah. You know, Adidas, the sporting company,
I know we don't talk about them a lot with games, but a THQ has been sued. Uh, Adidas
is suing the pants off of them. If your pants hold $10.6 million Adidas sued THQ this week
for 10.6 million. Keep in mind, THQ has had some bumpy roads already. So this certainly
doesn't help. What is at issue here? Breach of contract. Apparently a game that THQ is
supposed to produce for Adidas called me coach 24 seven. I believe it's my coach, my
coach, am I code? I thought maybe cause the we, but okay, my coach 24 seven, uh, got canned.
Uh, THQ told Adidas in December that it would not be able to present the product and developers
who were working on the project were laid off. So maybe this was one of those things
we heard about the layoffs of THQ. This was one of those things that was affected and
Adidas isn't happy. So they want 10.6 million in damages. This humans, it's all scary. Similar
to that Beyonce lawsuit we heard about where they got sued over the canceled Beyonce game.
Remember that? And anyway, that wasn't THQ as somebody else. But anyway, uh, THQ is refusing
to turn over the publishing materials to an alternative developer. That's probably not
good if that's true. Allegedly, it's all allegedly. Adidas is seeking an injunction preventing
THQ from selling or transferring the rights to another company. So maybe this was something
they were trying to sell off to, uh, get some of the money back. But, uh, Nope, Adidas won't
have it. And they're going to have to do this out in a court of law, hopefully judge Judy,
but probably not. It'll get settled as they always do. Yep. All right. Dark soccer. We
need something better. We need some more warm, fuzzy news. Yeah, no, I haven't well for like,
okay, how about Samurai Yeti and Ninja werewolves? There's a teacher whose name is Ben Bertoli
is a sixth grade teacher who turned his classroom into an MMO. Basically he set up a, um, experience
system and achievements for doing certain things in conjunction with his class, even
giving out extra experience for when people, uh, turned in essay, you know, extra credit
essays and stuff. And the students are actually helping him remember to keep track of everyone's
experience on, um, you know, on a tracking board. They call it class realm and, uh, tried
it out at the end of the school year. Um, his beta test group and, um, basically, uh,
didn't even tell anybody, just told the students and, uh, they, uh, apparently really liked
it. So there's rules of classroom. Uh, one classroom is completely, don't talk about
classroom is completely voluntary. XP is the backbone of classroom. Every 10 XP you earn
pushes you to the next level. Everyone starts off at level one. XP can be obtained by doing
simple things as answering questions, joining in class discussion, uh, working hard on an
assignment, helping others participation, random encounter Friday and gaining achievements.
When he lets random encounter Friday is when he lets a wild boar loose in the classroom.
Or achievements are gained by completing specific tasks. Um, for example, a student can obtain
bookworm by reading two unassigned chapter books and explaining the plot and characters
to me. Each achievement has four levels, bronze, silver, gold, and master. Each level is harder
to reach than the one before it. Boys are pitted against girls. The gender that can
acquire the most achievements by the end of the year will, um, earn extra recess and ice
cream party during lunch. Each Friday is random and here's the secret because it's the sixth
grade. Everybody will win the ice cream party so you don't even have to try cause that's
how these things work. Hush. Everyone who wants to battle will put their name in a hat.
I will draw out two names and they will battle. Students will be asked a question. Oh my God,
it's battle royale. Shut up. I will repeat the question twice and start battle music.
The first to write the correct answer on the board will put their and put their hands up
will win XP. You can only answer once. Question subjects are chosen at random. Students may
join in alliances of up to six classroom citizens. The alliance with the highest combined level
at the end of the year wins a pizza party. All info except for the current amount of
XP each student has will be listed online and in the classroom for students and parents
to see. Well, apparently it's been a big hit and everyone's been super enthusiastic and
really trying to participate in it. In fact, there's one he called the Newberry achievement
that's based off the Newberry medal that has it's earned by writing an unassigned five
paragraph essay and he had 20 essays turned into him in the first week that are written
during students' free time outside of their other work. So apparently this is really popular.
The kids like it and they're learning with it. So that's pretty cool.
So Sally, little Jimmy, you've been called into battle.
Rob, for real. If it's getting kids to actually participate in school and enjoy learning,
I think it's a great thing. No, I did. In all seriousness, it is. You know, I have to
fuck with it because that's what I do here. But it is. And it's, it's not that dissimilar
from stuff even I experienced when I was that age, you know, a long time ago, back when
some of our listeners weren't even born. But, but like I remember in the seventh grade,
our science teacher used to have these meters that would fill up with time. And like, as
we answered questions correctly or volunteered to do things or do extra work, a little, little,
we would move up the ladder a little bit. When you get to the top, you got like a free
day. It was like a free day in the class, you know, like no work, no nothing. It was
just like, you know, screw off day or study lab or whatever, which, you know, was kind
of cool. And it's kind of a similar thing, right? You gain experience. I remember in
the fifth grade, we had a whole little like village with its own economy because I remember
one thing I did, I ran a shop that rented Nintendo games in my fifth grade class. And
I would rent games to, you know, my classmates for like 10 of the fake bucks that were named
after the teacher. So that was like my business. Shroup bucks. What? Shroup bucks. No, I just
don't, you know, I don't want to, but no, that wasn't the name, but yeah, same idea.
But the whole battle thing is just really funny to me. Sorry. I can't help but think
of the hunger games. That's what everybody's all talking about right now. I don't give
a crap. So, well, at any rate, I say good for you. And he's apparently a, a, a regular
reader and commenter on Kotaku. So, um, the news is just really catching fire. I really
hope that it's actually something that he can market for other schools. I see what you
did there. Catching fire. Nevermind. What? Don't stand in fire. No, this is a hunger
games reference. The hunger game sequel is catching fire. I okay. I'm going to tell everybody
something. Unintentional lulz. I don't give a shit about hunger games. I had never, the
only thing I've ever heard of it, but let me finish. You're a woman. I don't give a
shit. The only thing I've ever heard about it is the name. That's it. I don't know anything
about it. And guess who doesn't want to know anything about it. That would be me. I don't
care. End of story. Don't care. They're hungry. It's about a bunch of hippos and they're really
hungry. That sound is, that's my head repeatedly hitting the microphone.
As I bang it into it. Ah, I've successfully derailed the show. Uh, low key. Help us get
back on track and then we'll open up the Skype line at one eight seven seven game OLR. Tiger
Claus says, I wonder what Rob was like when kids didn't return the Nintendo games on time.
Were you mean to them? Nope. Just one finger for each day late. This is how we roll, right?
So Tony Hawk, um, he's a little sad, sad, Tony Hawk. Um, he says that ride was a bit
rushed and that people didn't give it a chance. Really? You should try Tony Hawk's ride. Give
it a chance. Cause you know, the game may have been a little rushed and the critics
didn't like it. Give it a chance. Of course, that didn't stop them from creating the sequel
that I would assume wouldn't have been as rushed because you know, they would have had
a whole year to polish it, but still sucked. So I don't see the logic there, but whatever
you know, it's rushed. Um, he, he's quoted, I think pride was a bit rushed for a number
of reasons, mostly because probably for about the first half of the development process,
it was just figuring out how to make a board, how to make a board and how to make it work.
We were in uncharted territory. Uh, so the game was a bit rushed, but I still feel critics
never really gave it a chance in terms of learning how to play. They got on it and they
went straight into expert mode because supposedly they were expert gamers and they didn't really
learn the mechanics of how the board works. And so I felt like that already in their mind
it made it up or made up their decision before it came out. It was a gimmick and it was a
peripheral and whatnot and they never really took the time to learn how to play. No, I
think what they decided was that it's a fucking terrible game and you're selling it for $130.
This thing takes up too much goddamn space in my house. Get it out. No, it's not even
that it took up a lot of space. It was $130 for your stupid game. Not anymore. Yeah. Hey,
yeah, seriously, gamers, if you want to take a chance on a ride, you can probably find
it for 10 bucks with the board. Go to like Wise Buys or whatever. Anywhere. Big Lots
or whatever. It's just terrible. And I'm sorry, like I understand. Okay, let's say the first
ride game was terrible or whatever. It was rushed or whatever because you were trying
to figure out the technology. Then why did the second game suck just as much? You have
no excuses, Tony Hawk. The game sucked. It was terrible. It was a dumb idea because Activision
thought, hey, we're going to cash in on all these peripheral games because we made money
on DJ Hero. Actually, I think DJ Hero came out around the same time. Well, we made money
on Guitar Hero so we're going to put out this peripheral game because people like peripherals.
It makes them more interactive. Yeah, it just didn't work out. Just get over it. So no,
you know what? I think that the direction that they're taking right now where they're
taking the good games that you had and making them look better, that's probably the best
way to go because all your experiments to make your game series better have failed over
and over again. And the board, that was just the icing on the cake. All right, one more
story for you guys and then we're going to open up the phones at 1877 Game OLR or our
username on Skype, OrangeLoungeRadio. This is about a little bit of resolution. I just
reported on some legal troubles in one area but this is about resolution to one lawsuit
that was going to happen. This was between Bethesda and Mojang. You might remember this.
It was over the name Scrolls. Remember Bethesda felt that the name Scrolls was infringing on
its trademark for Elder Scrolls and people might get confused. Just like when I reviewed
Journey earlier in the show, I had to clarify that it's not the one about the 1980s ban
you know because the games are so similar once you've played them. But anyhow, there
were some tweets. I love that official statements come from tweets now. That they have settled
with yay heart. The settlement is that we give them the trademark. We get to keep the
name and won't make an Elder Scrolls competitor using the name. That's the settlement. Usually
you don't get to hear about the details of the settlement. I'm just glad like no finance
stuff were changed or whatever. So they don't get to have a trademark on Scrolls but Bethesda
will leave them alone as long as they don't try to infringe on you know epic epicness
of first person role playing games. Which I don't think Scrolls was supposed to be.
There you go. Fantastic. Fantastic. Alright so we are gonna open up the Skype line 1877
Game OLR or our username on Skype is OrangeLoungeRadio. And oh we're already getting calls. And by
the way we will go to the Twitter here. Also Twitter.com slash OLR. But first we have some
calls coming in. Hi you're on OrangeLoungeRadio. Who's this? This is Shane. Hey Shane it's
my co-host from Horde House. It sure isn't. What do you mean? Yes you are. You're on that
show. Oh yeah I guess I am sometimes. Right except this week you could only talk about
Mass Effect. Which by the way screw you. I bought Mass Effect this week which is kind
of like peer pressure in a way. And you do that a lot and I kind of despise you for it.
It's kind of because I blew up your phone about it. You really did. My god. And I'm
like. I hope you have unlimited texting. Who is Kaiden and why is Shane in love with him?
Does it? Alright anyway. What's up? What are you calling him for tonight? I was calling
because I want to talk about something I don't normally talk about. What's that? Mass Effect.
Of course. I've never heard you talk about Mass Effect before. Are you here to monopolize
the show with Mass Effect chat just like you did on Horde House this week? Yes. Alright
well what's up? I wanted to not talk about you know the story so much or how awesome
the game is. Don't spoil it. Don't talk about that ending that everybody's like petitioning.
I don't know about the ending yet. I have not beat the game. Did you hear that people
are petitioning BioWare to change the ending? It's apparently that bad. Yeah I'm kind of
kind of scared. Like I don't want it to end so I don't get disappointed. But anyway that's
not what I'm talking about. I'm talking about how much respect I have for BioWare now. Oh.
Yes because this is the first game I have ever played in which I feel like they did
not take any stereotypes and put them into their gay characters. Not a single one. And
I think they actually humanized them instead of using them for comic relief or something
to just flirt with or hook up with. What about Dragon Age? No Dragon Age is totally terrible
with that stuff. Zevran in the first game especially. But in this game I feel like they're
just normal people who happen to be gay and I don't see that in games. And it really really
makes me feel like BioWare is a company I should support more often. Interesting. I'm
not sure what else I can really say to that. Have you only explored the male-male relationships
in that game or have you looked into how it compares to male-female or female-female?
Well and I'm only going to say it's for three because I've seen stuff on one where it was
pretty I think I described it at work skanky. Well sometimes relationships are skanky. Yes
but I just I wanted something more and this game has given it to me. I've only seen male-male
and actually the one I romance technically is in gay but it's just because I couldn't
resist his charms. I won't say who because that could be a spoiler I guess but really
romancing people isn't a spoiler. I found it interesting because I asked you in an email
this week when you wouldn't shut up about the game. I asked you like what kind of different
like relationship options were available and it seemed like the the the people that choose
to play femshep who want to be in a relationship with a male so an opposite sex relationship
but with a female care female lead was the most limited. Yes and three at least it is.
I found that to be kind of sad because you know we want you know I'm sure there's a lot
of ladies out there that would like to romance some men in their games and they don't really
get that option in this game. No they get romance ice cream tubs now instead because
they're sad. That is very sad so well maybe DLC I guess you never know is there a possibility
they're gonna add more romance options in later on? I don't know I I wouldn't imagine
so because the first DLC character is not romanceable to my knowledge and it'd be really
awkward if they were but you never know it's Bioware they can they can do whatever they
want and do it right apparently but also that game is amazing and I have cried three times
during it so far now. Three. It has beaten the previous game's record. What was the previous
game before that? Suikoden 2. That was twice. So just to kind of go back to the main point
of the call because you know to wrap up soon and all that why is this so important to you?
Because it's something I can relate to like I don't want to relate to like the skanky
options that people would have before I want you know a really nice story and that's what
I'm getting. What would you say to people who say why does Bioware have to put gay stuff
in every game? Because they want to give more options to everybody. That is what I would
say. Oh my god did somebody get shot in the background? No that is a washer being. Alright.
Somebody just shot you for your opinion that's really unfortunate what a hideous place we
live in. Are you okay you still there? Yeah I'm still here I'm just trying to do another
conversation at the same time. That works out great. Well I guess yeah I mean one thing
I've sensed even just from playing the first game before not even talking about relationships
or whatever is that I do notice there's so many options in the conversation so forth
to play the game in many different ways and it's something I kind of noticed in Star Wars
too is you know you could kind of be although in Star Wars the paths were very well lit.
Yeah I that's another thing I'm glad you kind of said something about like the choices in
the past the the one I took with the character I romanced in 3 for Mass Effect it wasn't
like you know we were having a normal dialogue conversation then bam here's a hook up with
you option or a not hook up with you option it was something that just kind of evolved
naturally and actually kind of came out of nowhere in my opinion but not in like. You
alright? He cut out. Oh no I'm back sorry I hit the wrong button. I just it was nice
it just kind of went natural and I didn't have to pick stinky stuff to get there. That's
one thing that some people I guess might misinterpret is that there's not the option like you know
it isn't on the menu like what should we do now oh well let's go kill aliens or let's
do research on the next mission or let's go upstairs and fuck like rabbits it's not like
how it plays out. No it's nothing like that at all it's like I'm not going to try to do
this not spoilery and kind of be general something happens that's major and then well if you've
played Mass Effect you can do missions and then one of like your home base of operations
is the Citadel that's not a spoiler it's always around so you do some missions and then something
happens and then you can you know run around the Citadel and we just happen to have a friendly
lunch conversation that it turned into us going out all of a sudden in a really really
nicely written scene and what's cool about that too is the actual gay guy in the game
I was doing some conversations with him and he said something about looking at some eye
candy and one of my options were no I'm interested in women and the other was like well what
about me and I picked up well what about me because I didn't want to screw up what I had
already done and he's like well yeah of course I'm looking at you but I know you're with
so-and-so so it's like oh crap the game actually knows the choices I've made and it's like
commenting on them. Interesting huh all right I guess I'm gonna have to hurry up and play
one and two so I can see more of this in action in three because one's still kind of basic
but I just started. All right we gotta let you go to get more calls any other quick thoughts
here before we let you go? No just oh also the multiplayer is really fun so sadly it's
part of the experience to get the best ending from what I understand but I played it for
two hours straight today and had a blast so I suggest people at least give it a shot.
All right there you go thanks for calling Shane. Thank you bye. Bye. All right 1877
game OLR or our username on skype is orange lounge radio in the meantime while we're waiting
for calls let's go to twitter twitter.com slash OLR because we've got some interesting
questions and comments on twitter this week I want to start with this one from the Rob
D this is a bit of a whopper here to start with um at OLR how do you guys stay motivated
each week to do a show have you ever thought of doing pre-recorded segments on a regular
basis so two questions there how do you guys stay motivated each week to do a show you
know I haven't think that question was asked a couple days ago coffee I've been thinking
about that question I honestly don't know if I have an answer I don't know what keeps
me motivated to do this show well I the people obviously seeing you guys come out and chat
and support what we're doing here is a huge motivator getting a hang with Matt and Jamie
and knowing that we're like creating this thing on the internet that even if it's just
like two or three people that enjoy it like people are enjoying it coffee that's a huge
motivator very very very very are both very big motivators certainly and my own ego and
like the phone line is lighting up right now that's it look at that my screen is like full
of like rings right now so that's a huge motivator all names are recognized all right let's let's
go to another call and see who's on the line hi you're on orange launch radio who's this
hey what's up this is excellent hey how you doing hey doing long doing well a long time
I know it has been a while yeah I know hey I just kind of ironic um not to talk about
Mass Effect 3 because I haven't played it myself I did play the first two I just love
how they did do the stuff though um from the choices you make in your first game can affect
a lot of outcomes in the second game um and how I supposedly guess how the stuff in the
first and second can also impact the third I like how they they added that kind of like
it's a continuous storyline so it's not like you're replaying something over and over and
over again that's brand new for a three part you know for a three part series I kind of
like the fact that how everything can have a pro or con effect to something else within
the game that's the entire reason I started with one because I will tell you I was tempted
to just jump ahead to three but I didn't also it's really cool to know the fact that they
they took the inventory system and made it better and more flow and more easy thank god
because it's one it's one to two because one and two is so night and day and the controlling
was two I played one and then there was a big gap between me playing one and part two
I'm like am I doing this right is this the right way I'm you know why does this feel
like it changed so much and it's kind of weird but you get used to it though it's not too
much though within that game so so what else you've been playing lately just was because
you're not playing mass effect 3 but what are you playing these days well other than
wow la nor and I'm because my my I'm like you know me I'm an achievement whore I'm also
such as for the Xbox so right now I'm like three four achievements shy from perfecting
every single achievement within that game so I'm trying to get through that and then
I'm going to jump into a copy that my friend let me borrow a Saints Road three and try
to get through that so my gamer add is so bad I have only ever got every single possible
achievement in one game one what my first one my first one was Assassin's Creed and
that was a bitch mine you would never guess my perfect achievement game the only one is
rally X on Xbox arcade new rally acts the remake because I did I used to legit love
that game back in the day when I was a kid and so I'm I'm pretty decent at it but yeah
that's that's the only one yeah I thought my second one was gonna be you know but yeah
some people can really mess you up in that game so still today so that's kind of intriguing
so play rusty hearts too which is an awesome game if you like while I strongly just joining
up with me whenever you see me on steam probably because I know we're friends play some rusty
hearts with me man you'll like it trust me is this a free game or is this like yes hey
one or what it is no no no free to play it's absolutely awesome you can actually believe
or not I made my own little guild within the game that that's how cool this thing is and
it's pretty much the sky's the limit and it's like how this point it's like wild type but
also it's like when you ran through the dungeons it's more feeling like a first person scroll
like you're going from room to room kind of like and you're being up on stuff but the
way if you see him being played it's really cool so all right well excellent any other
quick shout outs you want to get out before we not really at this moment but also they
need to quit putting the disc dlc within the disc and stuff and then charging double the
money for that of the game with that that's getting ridiculous they really need to quit
on that I understand they're trying to make some extra money but it's really seriously
getting out of hand I agree with a lot of people on that subject it's gone too far all
right excellent you take care buddy enjoy the various games and at one some one of these
days I'll catch up in Mass Effect yeah absolutely quickly tie in tower do so you love it I'll
try but Alan Alan Alan makes me check on my tower I don't want to play he's like show
me the people in your tower show me the people in your tower probably said that way you get
played Mass Effect and then soon soon if you know what was said earlier do we do we get
to that earlier I thought we were going to talk about that I missed out on your show
unfortunately I I'm running the I'm running dragon soul with with my new guild unfortunately
they go master put me in charge of it he's like oh here you go you're running this team
I'm like okay and you're running in the weekends I'm like oh really yeah I got to lead a raid
this week we're going to talk all about it on Horde house this week good time sounds
awesome all right we should swap notes all right I haven't done a raid since everyone
stopped playing on our server I'm sorry I just went where there was a lot of people
and you know a rate of IP I picked based on the times it was all the times they were like
we raid this in this day from this this time I'm like great that works my schedule let's
do it hi you're on orange launch radio who's this hi this is act deft hey act deft how
you doing uh pretty fine pretty good what's on your mind buddy well I know Jamie is already
tired about the sonic cd uh soundtrack thing but just let me go to the bathroom I'll be
back when you're done let him have his voice no okay go ahead go ahead okay I I like both
soundtracks of the japanese and the american one but the best sonic uh sonic game soundtrack
is sonic three and knuckles yes yes totally oh my god finally it's like it's like you
are the the peace convention calling into the show especially ice cap level am I right
even oh yeah even I can sign on to that sonic cd japanese american they both suck compared
to sonic three ice cap ice cap music so much the best finally a peace treaty has been negotiated
now we just need to get bobby to sign all right yeah we we need to we'll see we'll see
well what else is on your mind what have you been playing lately uh mostly team fortress
2 and beat hot beat hazard oh yeah beat hazards they just ported that to iphone I have yet
to play it though they they need to port it to android so I can play it there too I play
a lot of beat hazard I um I think I'm at level 340 right now yeah that's a lot and I'm not
even on on the uh on the top of the leaderboard so yeah nice um what are some good songs to
play because you know beat hazard you get to do your own soundtrack so what are some
good songs what are like some of your favorite songs to play in beat hazard uh mostly uh
I'm gonna go by genre uh electronic music trans uh lots of uh music with heavy bass
it gets you lots of points and and it's pretty fun to play especially on on suicide mode
lots of enemies well I would offer to play you some time but you probably would uh absolutely
kill me because um I I had some problems with some of those achievements for the uh holiday
event and it was um pretty sad all right anyhow act deft I'm I'm gonna wrap up to let you
go and get more calls but I leave you with the official peace treaty music of olr
there we go we're gonna jam to this while we wait for our next call awesome all right
take care buddy you too all right bye good times uh just kidding I can only play a clip
because you know copyright and all that stuff all right one a seven seven game olr or a
username on skype is orange launch radio going back to the rob d question from earlier how
do you guys stay motivated each week to do a show um you know obviously it's it's a lot
of it is the people and I don't know if I have like an easy answer for it you just kind
of have to make it a priority because if you allow yourself self to be like all oh but
the amazing race is on the night I really would just rather watch that instead then
it's gonna go kind of like fall apart like you just I think all of us have just kind
of made like a commitment like we're gonna do olr no matter what now of course there's
gonna be some things that are more important and sometimes it's just because we need a
break like Disneyland is Disneyland more important than olr yes well yes and no you know what
I mean though if we did it every week then why would we do olr but anyhow the other half
the question real quick have you ever thought of doing pre-recorded segments on a regular
basis yes it's called horde house and jamie had one for a while too and maybe she'll have
something new in the future as far as pre-recorded segments for the show um I don't know if that's
a suggestion but I'm always open to ideas there was I will say admit this there was
a time where we were talking about doing not break music in the middle but something else
so you never know what might happen here at olr we got another call coming in let's go
to it hi you're on orange launch radio who's this it's ronma hey rama what's up buddy not
too much um I do have a couple things I want to discuss but rama yet again I have a bone
to pick with you me yeah you me yeah you what I do now all right I I missed part of the
show so before I go charging at you with guns blazing what is this comparison to hipsters
and video games something like that could you kind of explain that to me oh I don't
even know what the hell was that about now I can't remember what happened two hours ago
it was about um comparing because they were saying that you know well you know a console
without a disk drive would sell well because the I was the ipad or not the ipad the one
of the macbook um errors or whatever oh yeah you and you said everybody that owned my said
well the only problem so you need to go at loki not at me well no I didn't call gamers
hipsters a buck huh that's what I do best no I'm saying the other people that buy macbooks
are hipsters or at least macbook errors you because I've got the thinnest book ever great
are you a hipster rama no but I live 20 minutes away from Williamsburg the east coast central
point for hipsters yes this is very true yeah I don't hate hipsters I just hate shut up
I'm just kidding I love everybody what really the fairchild channel f is underappreciated
and I got mine at Whole Foods the pinnacle and it's gluten-free you go to Whole Foods
no I was going to farmers markets way before there was a Whole Foods don't get me started
I don't like partial foods all right did you just call in a start shed or do you have something
gaming related to talk about no no no oh no a couple things another thing when you're
talking about renting video games from the video store do you just hate that you've rented
the same game over and over again because I had to save and somebody else rented it
and you got it you had to start it all over again because someone deleted your save I
used to actually take great joy in deleting other people's save games in fact I've totally
rented cartridges and just wiped every game on the cartridge and then I use the characters
poop fart lol you know I used to rip Final Fantasy 3 like every time same game every
time I went in one day to rent it someone came in like right before me bought the copy
with my save on it oh ouch yeah actdeftinchat says isn't Seattle hipster central no go to
Netflix and watch a show called Portlandia that's all I'm gonna say it's totally true
all right anyhow and the last thing I called about was yes I know that you're a big fan
of Kid Icarus right yeah I like it have you seen the anime trailer you posted that to
my Facebook and I forgot to look because I got distracted because somebody else had posted
the new garbage single and I was like well what do I like more Kid Icarus or garbage
the band and garbage one so let me look at it now what is this this is what you posted
here the other day from your website you didn't post me because he knows I'm a huge kid I'm
a huge Kid Icarus fan where is wait wait wait wait wait before we start fighting let's have
a little bit of peace here now I only I just know Rob's a big fan of Kid Icarus because
he always talks about Kid Icarus I think he has the costume in his closet someone's calling
surroundings here on OLR oh it's on the 3ds no I didn't even know it was on the 3ds where
do you just get it in the store no um I my roommate who has a 3ds told me I need to check
out Nintendo video more so last night I went to check it out and it was too um many episodes
I watched I have I had no idea it was on there I once went in there and saw I think a Kirby
anime was in there but I haven't seen the Kid Icarus one yet no I'm gonna totally go
look at that yes and uh Jamie I think you'll like the people who did the Kid Icarus videos
Oh studio IG nice yes all right well Rama we're gonna let you go so we can wrap up the show but any other quick thoughts
stay fabulous oh I will all right bye bye thank you guys so much for calling in tonight
our phones were lit up tonight so some of you didn't get through I'm so sorry but send
an email mailbag at orange launch radio.com and dark soccer will read your thoughts next
week but we have got to wrap up and I've got I still got some tweets to go here before
we wrap up tweet tweet tweet tweet tweet there's still several tweets damn it I closed the
tweet window to bring up that Kid Icarus story um tweet tweet tweet tweet tweet there we go
the Disney stuff again all right uh we got a tweet from tech color tweets us and says
do all of you really hate Minecraft it's actually quite fun for like 10 minutes okay hate is
a strong word I do not hate Minecraft because saying I hate Minecraft means I I think that
people that play Minecraft are like like not smart and that's not the case at all no I
get why people like Minecraft it's not really for me I cannot like the I I don't really
keep in mind I don't ever really like to use hate because I think it's a very strong word
in a wasteful emotion but you can not like a game and not give a crap about who plays
it you know if other people like it that's their thing but you can completely loathe
the game you know it doesn't mean that you think anyone else that plays it is stupid
you can say like I hate Minecraft players then that's you know so I hate is a word reserved
for like doing my taxes I thought I was really boring I was bored but I love watching my
Minecraft videos I'll give you that I like watching the people that are really into it
online Alan watches a lot of these and some of them are pretty funny but like my mind
when it comes to that just like I have this big open palette and like just do something
with it before the goblins you know tear you up it's like I don't I don't it's weird like
I don't know what to do now I want to find like I was kind of thinking about trying it
again with the high definition textures I will say I did really try to do terraria though
I couldn't get into it I really you sent me that copy I did I even got like a four pack
and send it to my friends and I could get into it I tried it was too like there just
needed to be more structured kind of like I needed a little bit of hand I'm the type
of person that wouldn't play Minecraft the way it was supposed to be I would turn off
the enemies and just build shit all day that's what I would do I like this comment from DK
pop man in the chat I would think dark soccer would like it from an artistic standpoint
because that's kind of I'm not really an artist but you are a designer I mean yeah but the
thing is I have the Sims I see so you kind of just have a different outlet for it and
I don't really play the Sims anymore either I mean usually if I'm sitting down to do design
I've got in design open and am making something that I'm going to print you know or putting
something in my portfolio I am not you know trying to poopoo on Minecraft at all it's
just you know I really couldn't get into it I mean I might try it again but to be honest
I'm still trying to find a job right now and I don't have the time to devote to anything
else that's distracting me but yet you're still here at this show yeah I've been here
for 10 years I can't quit now all right Tiger class is a couple news tweets here I want
to read hold on because I have to do this for something else coming up okay I'm going
to Tiger claw a couple tweets here Minnesota lawmakers seek to ban community broadband
what the title alone that seems a little silly here look at the story from game politics
dot com Minnesota would do legislation meant to forbid community broadband projects joining
states like Georgia North Carolina hf 26 95 bars any community from building a broadband
network within the state meanwhile the companies that provide broadband in the state are refusing
to expand their networks to unders underserved unders excuse me underserved underserved underserved
and unserved areas within the state remember I don't get to see these in advance because
they're Twitter topics they come in during the show a trade group representing the industry
and the state claims they are not behind the bill before lawmakers activists have their
doubts why would this be why would you ban that I don't like I'm not seeing the other
side of this what's the good it sounds like other states have already done this why would
you ban it a recent post on a community action group called stop the cap revealed that George's
bill has been effectively shelved by being turned into what is called a study bill okay
so it didn't pass in Georgia if you're a citizen of one of the many towns not served by a broadband
service provider it would probably be in your best interest to ask your state representative
not to vote for this bill what's the pros about this I'm not seeing anything any can
anyone think of what a pro would be about this bill why would this bill be necessary
is it that they don't want I mean I thought competition was okay chatters help me out
because I'm maybe the cable providers or whatever like saying hey why are you giving away free
broadband that makes our expensive broadband look less wonderful I don't know I don't really
see I don't even really see a point to this but I know I don't get it either I'm really
seen waiting to see if somebody in check and kind of jump in here don't steal the government
hates competition all right let's see another tweet from Tiger Claw here fraud claim dismissed
an ex-Infinity ward heads versus Activision lawsuit a state Superior Court judge dismissed
one of the fraud claims by ex-Infinity ward heads Jason West and Vince Zampella against
their former employer Activision Blizzard they originally filed a lawsuit citing breach
of contract they added two counts of fraud to that saying they never intended to honor
their Activision never intended to honor their contract but the judge dismissed one of the
counts agreeing with Activision that the claim should not go forward however there is still
another claim of promissory promissory fraud and that will be on a trial starting May 7th
so one counts been thrown out but there's still plenty other counts to go and the chatter
say we're all as stumped as you good good thought all right let's go to a tweet from
101 DK pop man tweets us tell me why I should get Mass Effect 1 I don't know how to answer
this I don't know enough about the game but you know what I do know an expert that we
could go to to ask to answer this question so let's get them back on the line here if
they answer hi Shane yes okay I had to call you back because we have a tweet that I can't
answer I need your help okay okay because I know you can answer this 101 DK pop man
sent us a tweet saying tell me why I should get Mass Effect 1 because you if you want
the full story which you really really do if you're interested in Mass Effect it is
good to have one because I did say that you could just get the Genesis comic but no you
need to play through one so you get the entire freaking story for this amazing trilogy jank
inventory system and all yes because you only have to put up with it for one game okay how
long is the game how long is Mass Effect 1 um I will say that I've only done one playthrough
of it and I didn't do hardly any side missions I think I did it in about 10 hours oh wow
yeah I just ran through it conversely Mass Effect 2 I did everything I could and minus
two DLCs and I did that in about 25 and I'm already past 20 hours on Mass Effect 3 Wow
all right well there you go that's all I wanted all right all right bye from the expert all
right one more tweet from SSJ100 Matt beware Dyson this vacuum actually hungers and lives
yes someone made a Sinistar Roomba vacuum cleaner you remember Sinistar the game that
would say beware I live well it looks like somebody has made a Roomba out of that and
I'm linked to a YouTube here I've never seen before oh lord it actually has a sticker on
it that looks like the Sinistar oh my god that sounds like an airplane jet about ready
to take off it certainly does suck oh I get it because it's a vacuum okay that's a horrible
noise to be playing on the podcast so I apologize but did you hear that I live beware I live
all right that's it for tweets twitter.com slash olr if you want to send some in for
next maybe funnier if you could do either the space core or Wheatley all right last
minute stories Loki anything no I wanted to play the portal Mario game thing which the
more I read about it looks even cooler we talked about that last week I know so play
it for next week I want a full review I well I found out the download that I had done wasn't
correct so I had to redownload it all right all right that's it we're at three hours plus
we need to wrap up the show we've had a lot of long shows lately we're just very opinionated
so we're gonna go around at your base final thoughts so we can wrap up tonight final thoughts
from me I'll start tonight my final thought is just thank you chatters and thank you podcasters
who download our show and listen to us like I really mean it like I know I always say
it at the end of each show but just kind of like thinking about the motivation question
and all that stuff like you guys really are a big part of it like you know I know we were
still doing a show back when like literally there were three people in chat and we still
had fun with it and you know I'd like to think that I would still have fun with it even if
it's only one or two people but you know the fact that more and more people show up and
the family is growing and all that it is a huge motivator it's it's huge so thank you
I mean it Loki your final thought making a grand theft auto map editor in Excel is difficult
and probably not the preferred language or it's not even really a programming language
but the preferred method to do such thing but programming languages seem to make my
head explode so this is what I'm comfortable with I'm not sure I even want to know what
you're up to over there to be honest I'm making a an Excel file that will direct you don't
say yes I don't say that will directly translate the hex code from a map file from Grand Theft
Auto into edible form and then back into hex code again so you can directly import it because
the program that someone made did a lot of rounding with numbers and it really fucks
everything up and it their programs terribly broken all right dark soccer your final thought
tonight that's it alright do you want another coffee alright that's gonna do it guys now
here's the line I give you at the end of every show but it's for a reason thank you guys
as always for tuning in and listening to our show thank you for supporting orange lounge
radio it is a free show we don't have commercials we're not paid for those food plugs in the
beginning I swear I swear so if you like what you hear here at orange lounge radio you know
we don't have a giant website backing us up we have a nice website but it's not you know
one of the Giants we don't have a big magazine or a game company behind us so all we ask
guys word of mouth is all we got tell a friend or two about the show help spread the word
about orange lounge radio if you can't think of anybody to tell we really appreciate reviews
around the internet whether it be like on a forum that you post on I've seen lots of
great things on forums and signatures or you know of course five-star reviews in iTunes
votes and podcast alley even this is brought up last week we appreciate each and every
single way you guys spread the word of orange lounge radio that my friends is a huge huge
motivator and I think I'm motivated to do it all again next week with my co-host dark
soccer and Loki for episode 450 good lord of orange lounge radio we don't have anything
big planned yet but if Loki and dark soccer keep up the good work maybe we can do a full
motion video actress where is she now clip I don't know about the actress but the actor
from mega race has actually done quite a few things we're gonna we're gonna hunt somebody
down we're gonna hunt him down that's that would be fun that's what I want for episode
450 we're gonna try and make it happen we'll do our best fun 451 if nothing else so we'll
see I heard Dana plano in underground stop it was she can you're so hipster you know
you listen to underground bands what I said was she cast in six feet under you guys are
bad bad kids all right be nice to each other is she a working stiff now I'm ending the
show you've been listening to orange lounge radio orange lounge radio is an orange lounge
production to join us for a live show visit www.all games.com Sunday nights at 6 p.m.
Pacific time the views and opinions expressed on orange lounge radio do not necessarily
reflect those of the entire staff of orange lounge radio or all games.com but we're probably
right anyway see you next week.
