Sky, and Loki.
Tonight, March 25th, 2012, a classic arcade game will come to Xbox Live Arcade with Kinect controls.
Amazon stopped stocking one release from this month.
And could games soon carry a warning similar to cigarettes?
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Hungry?
Hungry?
Are you about to participate in the Hunger Games?
You're so hungry?
Shut up.
Or the Hungry Hungry Hippo Games?
No, I'm actually not hungry because I had broth, but I will be fasting every Sunday now.
Now is this a religious thing?
No.
Well, you never know.
It's worth the shot, right?
It's for my health.
Okay.
Like a new, I don't want to say a new craze, but... No, it's not.
It's something I've been debating doing for like the last year or so, so now I'm actually doing it.
So I'm assuming you've done the appropriate research and all that good stuff.
Yes.
Just letting the listeners know.
It's not something you're doing on a whim.
In a month, I will be discussing my results.
Are you incorporating any extra gaming into this?
Same stuff I'm always doing.
I do yoga like every day.
So, I'm good.
Yeah.
All right.
Also say hello to definitely not fasting Techmaster Loki.
Funny you used to say that actually.
My wife wants me to do that too starting after.
Do you think your wife may or may not have been influenced by a co-host on this show?
No, she did that because she had to not eat for a couple days for a procedure she just had done.
So she's like, well, if I can keep doing that, I can lose some weight.
Well, this is dangerous territory, though.
Fasting actually isn't bad for you.
Okay, I just want to make, you know, it's a gaming show, we're getting way off topic, but this is much different than, you know, some people don't eat, I mean, it seems like with this fasting thing, you're still eating some, and it's a scheduled thing, you're still eating some nutritional value things, it's just not a lot of the...
It's basically just cutting out, you know, and part of it for me that I really like about it is that I have a full 24 hours where I don't think about food.
I have been more productive, I've gotten so much stuff done, and honestly I felt super energized after I was done with my first one.
That was Wednesday from 3 o'clock p.m.
to Thursday, 3 o'clock p.m.
Went to yoga that night, felt great.
and it really is kind of crazy.
It's just sort of like my energy level shot way up.
I'm just trying to draw a clear line between what you're doing and what someone with a mental disorder who doesn't eat does.
But I'm just trying to make that distinction clear.
A person with a mental disorder would just not eat.
You know, completely not.
Right.
Or maybe do like, what was her face on the Partridge family?
Susan Day?
Who'd ate nothing but carrots and turned orange.
Mm-hmm.
You know.
Hey, that happened to me when I was a baby.
Well, yeah.
It's beta carotene.
It's different when you're a baby.
Yeah, but I mean, I'm saying that, you know, there's people that will just, you know, do all this stuff.
And this is really something that I've put research into and read a bunch of different stuff.
And I'm doing what I do with anything.
I try it for a month.
I see how I feel.
Check my health.
And this is someone who used to get blood tested every six months.
Just want to make that clear for the listeners, especially if it's your first time listening.
Just want to make that clear.
There's a clear difference here.
I'm not stupid.
All Games Radio, www.allgames.com
6 o'clock Pacific, 9 o'clock Eastern, right after the Bobby Blackwolf show.
Although, as he mentioned tonight, he's going on a brief hiatus for the next two weeks.
So you'll just have to tune in right at 6 o'clock for the next couple weeks because we'll be on there at All Games Radio.
Again, www.allgames.com.
We also always have our chat room with us, chat.orangeloungeradio.com if you want to join us and chat with us throughout the evening.
and some folks are coming up with cute little names.
Fitness Lounge Radio from Actdeft and Diet Diet Revolution there from HitStun.
There you go.
All right.
We're going to get into some gaming news and how our gaming weeks were and all that.
But usually we have a little kickoff topic here at the start.
And I want to talk about this tonight because this is what lots of people are talking about.
If Facebook is any indication, it's like everybody's freaking talking about this.
and that's that movie The Hunger Games right which you know is announced today what best non-sequel opening ever uh best uh it beat Twilight which that that's can't be bad news uh you know I personally have not seen the movie myself I haven't um read the books or anything um I'm interested in seeing the movie mostly because all my friends are like it's so good it's so good and you know I'm not gonna hate something just because it's you know
Good.
Loki, you're doing that.
Did you go see it?
I went and saw it.
I'm sure the wife took you to see it.
What did you think?
No, the wife didn't take me to see it.
I had tickets to see it.
Oh, sorry.
How dare I?
It was free.
Free popcorn.
It was alright.
It was, you know, my wife had described it as Battle Royale meets Twilight.
Well, like as in there's, you know, boyfriend, girlfriend, garbage, and, you know, people killing each other.
The best description I read on the internet was Battle Royale for soccer moms.
It's not really, no.
I mean, there's not even, they don't really touch on the whole relationship stuff that much.
It's just kind of briefly there, and it actually is part of a plot point.
It's not necessarily, without spoiling too much, they try to work up the whole relationship thing to get more sponsors, to get more perks in the actual games themselves.
And so that's kind of why they're doing it that way.
But it's not even that big a deal.
But I wouldn't go as far as saying, oh my god, it's Bal Royale.
Although, I do have to say that the filmmaker must have gone to the Michael Bay School of Camera Work because that shit was shaky all over the goddamn place.
I would rather you not mention that evil person's name.
Oh, does this have to do with a certain Ninja Turtle?
Shut up.
Yes.
I want to make this clear, too.
It was not bad.
And Woody Harrelson's in it.
That's always a pleasant surprise because Woody Harrelson's character is awesome.
Before the Hunger Games fans shoot me down with a bow and arrow, I want to talk about the Battle Royale thing because I do think people are running a little far with this whole comparison thing because, hello, Battle Royale's like 12 years old.
It's a completely different kind of book that's very political in nature.
Just got re-released.
Of course they're going to time the re-release with what's going on here because of the distant similarity.
But my whole thing is that, for one, there was Logan's Run, there was the Stephen King novel back in the 70s.
There's been other stuff about this type of topic too.
And how can you go...
Battle Royale and Hunger Games are like the same movie and Hollywood does... How can you say that and turn your head away from the fact that we have this Julia Roberts Snow White movie and Chick from Twilight Snow White movie coming out within literally three months of each other going on over here?
To which I hear the trailer for both were being played before the Hunger Games and I'm like...
How can you fucking sit there and compare the 100 years to Battle Royale when this shit's going on?
No, they did not have the Mirror Mirror trailer.
But, yeah, I'm well aware of Mirror Mirror.
At first I thought they were the same movie.
I'm like, man, that first trailer was really dark, but this one makes it look like a comedy.
I'm really confused at what's going on here.
Right?
But, yeah, it's just... It's...
A little bit dark.
I mean, it's not as dark as Battle Royale.
I mean, there's killing and stuff, and they have kind of the same stuff.
There's alliances and that kind of thing, but I think Battle Royale is a lot darker.
I mean, it's a little bit similar where they pick people and have them fight to the death and stuff like that, but at the same time, it's just...
It's a little weird.
I don't know.
Gamer Girl in our chatroom says Logan's Run is getting a re-release too, and that's not really surprising.
Anything remotely resembling The Hunger Games is going to come back because, again, it's the biggest non-sequel ever.
It has come to take Harry Potter's place for a few years in Hollywood as the young adult because ain't no one going to admit they like Twilight.
Next year we'll see The Long Walk and then another Lord of the Flies.
That's the Stephen King novel I was trying to think of.
The Long Walk.
They'll adapt that.
That shit is getting greenlit in the next couple months.
Then we'll get an American Battle Royale.
I hope not.
I hope not.
The next one's going to be Ender's Game.
That's going to be the next big one that's going to be coming out in a year from now.
By the way, you know Logan's Run came out the year I was born?
Oh, really?
Yeah.
Wow, that's an old movie.
Just kidding.
You set yourself up for that.
Where's the video game?
Where's the video game?
How so?
How so?
Because there's not really anything you could do.
You play as a character, and you go and kill other kids.
I mean, do they really want a killing kids video game?
Ten years on this show, or ten years ago on this show, we used to love Battle Royale.
Remember when we all first saw that movie?
We had the paper play stuff, and we said, there is no fucking way this movie is ever coming out in America.
They are not going to do it.
They're not going to do it.
And now they are.
You can't put kids killing kids on the screen, not in this day and age, ten years ago.
The reason why Battle Royale is coming out is because the mainstream studios wouldn't bring it out.
I think it's either Anchor Bay or some Hong Kong movie distributor that's actually putting it out over here.
It's not necessarily some mainstream.
It's not like Warner Brothers or Lionsgate or something like that is putting it out here.
It's so much smaller scale, it wouldn't really work as an action game or stealth action game or something like that because
There's only 24 kids originally in that.
And it's just not... Whereas Battle Royale is a little bit more freeform.
It's just hunting people down and stuff like that.
It just wouldn't really work.
Now, the later movies or later books would work.
I was just about to say, maybe... Now, without spoiling, but I understand the later books are more of a her against the government type of piece.
So put it very plainly like that.
So maybe that would translate better towards a video game?
Yeah, that might work.
All right.
Go to our chat room at chat.orangesonsradio.com.
Stan says, I would love to see an American Battle Royale movie with Selena Gomez, Justin Bieber, and all them assholes shoot each other.
He said, wait a minute.
There wasn't a lot of shooting in Battle Royale.
There was some, but not a lot.
There was plenty of gunfire.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Well, I don't know if I want to spoil... Don't.
Let me read another comment from chat.
Derek Gage in chat says, Titanic was a sequel?
Hold on, I said biggest opening weekend.
Remember, Titanic made all its money because it was number one at the box office for like, what, four or five months?
Because a lot of people were going to see it multiple times.
I'll admit, I saw Titanic in the theater three times.
I didn't... I saw it once on VHS and I wanted to kill myself.
It's not that I loved Titanic, but you have to realize my dad was very into Titanic stuff way before the movie.
I remember watching a National Geographic special when I was seven years old, way before the movie.
I went to see it with him.
Then I went to see it with some other friends in college because a bunch of them hadn't seen it one to go.
Then I ended up seeing it one other time really cheap for some reason.
It was a good movie, but I won't see this 3D re-release.
I will not see the 3D re-release.
But it's James Cameron doing the reading.
I mean, that might not be bad.
I don't care.
So anyhow.
Yeah, all right.
So you're saying the Hunger Games video game didn't happen because it's not possible.
It wouldn't be good.
No, at least not that I'm worried.
There's a Facebook game.
The next movie game that they have coming out is Madagascar 3.
Did the movie video game genre die?
No.
See, in the month of May, you have Madagascar 3 from D3.
You have two from Activision, Men in Black, and Battleship, the movie based off the board game.
The video game based off the movie, based off the board game.
Got it.
And we will still not have our Liam Neeson saying E5!
I can't believe you would ruin Battleship the movie.
Oh yeah, who cares?
So what?
He dies, big deal.
I mean, it's like, honestly, Battleship, the movie, is like Independence Day.
I mean, you look back at Independence Day, I loved the movie, but it was fucking ridiculous.
It made no sense.
It was just ridiculous.
This is true.
But you know what?
It's a fucking entertaining movie.
I saw Independence Day, I think the second, the third, and the fourth.
And maybe the fifth.
I saw it like four or five days in a row.
Just like...
and it was great every time.
Did they make a video game out of Independence Day?
Yes, they did on the PlayStation 1.
Oh, I forget.
It was so long ago.
And it was fucking terrible.
It really was.
Acidic Vampire in chat says, I hope the Battleship movie climaxes with a strategic battle in the style of the board game.
Me too.
That's the only way you could convince me to see it is that Liam Neeson and Rihanna sit down and they go to town on a game of Battleship.
I don't even care.
I think it's going to be awesome.
I mean, it's such a terrible... It's a movie you go into and you know what it is.
It's just explosions and nonsense.
That's Michael Bay for you.
Explosions and nonsense.
If that's what you want, then you go see that movie.
And that's what I want, so I'm going to go see that movie.
And I'll see The Avengers because that looks awesome.
I do need to catch up on the Avenger movies leading up to it because I've only seen Iron Man 1.
You and I are in the same boat.
Oh my gosh.
You and I need to get together and do this because I have only seen Iron Man 1.
That's it.
I haven't seen any of the others.
None of them.
Didn't see Thor.
Didn't see Captain America.
It's not that I'm not hating.
Seriously, last year I did not go to the movie.
I didn't go to the movies at all last year.
You had a kid?
I'm lazy.
I saw Thor.
Thor was good.
I didn't see the second Iron Man movie because it's just pretty much Robert Downey Jr.
being Robert Downey Jr.
How's that a bad thing?
Drunk and asshole.
Oh, okay.
That Robert Downey Jr.
No, that's fine.
That's fine.
I own it.
I just haven't bothered to see it yet.
It's sort of like I wasn't excited.
I liked the first one.
And I saw Hulk, even though it's, you know, not the same dude.
I think it's like same universe-ish thing.
Which, honestly, I really wish they had had Edward Norton.
Really wish they had Edward Norton.
He was so good.
You met the other guy, right?
Yeah, I have.
He signed my Xbox.
But, man, I... Hawkeye.
BlackWolfInChat says, you guys did notice in the first Battleship trailer that the bombs were in the shape of Battleship pins, right?
Yes, I did.
I didn't notice that.
It's your...
So are there any other big movies this summer that I'm not thinking of that might have video games made out of them?
Seems like there was a lot of stuff coming out this summer.
I'm trying to think.
No.
I honestly don't remember what the summer lineup is this year.
I mean, other than Batman and the new Snow White movie, which, I don't know, looks all right.
I'm going to have to go see it, though.
My wife wants to see it.
Of course.
All right.
Look, we'll start to talk more about the summer stuff when it gets closer to summer.
All right.
For now, let's talk about, right now, this week, the types of video games we've been playing this week in a segment we call How Was Your Gaming Week?
DarkSakura, how was your gaming week?
My gaming week was retro.
We bought Bust a Move 2, as in Puzzle Bobble, arcade edition for the PlayStation.
And my husband and I actually had a fairly even match in playing, even though I'm usually the much better player.
We also picked up Taito Legends for PS2.
I have that on Xbox One.
We have video games related to the series, but I have to say that watching the Evangelion 2.22 really is kind of depressing, but awesome!
Just saying.
Awesome.
So certainly there's a bit of a retro day with the Taito stuff.
There's a series that had its ending changed.
Yeah, it...
DarkSakura.com
Alright, before we get to Loki's Gaming Week, from the chatroom at chat.orangeloungeradio.com, some folks in the chat are naming some other possible titles.
TigerClaw says maybe they should make a video game on Prometheus.
That's supposed to be a pretty big one, right?
Well, technically there's the Aliens Colonial Marines, which is coming out later this year, so that could tie into Prometheus.
Infinell names one that I particularly am looking forward to seeing, Abraham Lincoln Vampire Hunter.
That'd be fucking awesome.
That would be pretty awesome.
I'm looking forward to that one.
Platinum Games putting it together, that'd be awesome.
Very awesome.
Alright, meanwhile, your gaming week, Loki.
So let's see.
This week I didn't play a lot of games.
I played Call of Duty briefly because I was only working for three days this week.
The rest of the time I've been just working in Excel.
Why would I try to program something in Excel?
Because I'm weird like that.
So I like programming.
What are you making in Excel?
Is it still a secret?
No, it's not a secret.
It never was.
I'm making a map editor for Grand Theft Auto IV.
It actually works.
It's just fucking slow because it's in Excel.
In Excel.
In Excel.
You've made a...
How does a map editor in Excel work?
Meaning you draw it out in the little cells?
No, no, no.
It's like basically it opens a format.
It's like a WPL.
It's a placement list or something like that.
You can import stuff I make out of the Simple Native Trainer, which is a trainer in the game.
You can spawn objects, move them around, place them and stuff.
And you can export those to a file and dump them into this.
And then I can save them as the actual map files that are used by the games.
Okay.
or I can actually paste the hex code in there from, you know, you open up the file in the hex editor and dump it in there and it'll actually read everything and, you know, you can also save it as that and it'll, you know, do that fun stuff.
But it works and it's weird because the editors that they have out there now are broken.
They don't really work well.
So the fact that I'm making something very inefficiently
It works, and that's all I care about is the fact that it works.
Because I don't know how to program in C Sharp or C++ or whatever.
I could learn how to do that, but for some reason my mind can't wrap around that.
Yet, complex stuff in Excel, I can do that.
It's weird.
I hear ya, I hear ya.
Ridiculous formula.
Let me put it this way.
My Excel file, I had to convert it to the new format because I was going to try to make it compatible with everything else.
It ended up being 75 megabytes.
Oh my lord.
75 megabytes is huge.
Will it work in OpenOffice?
No.
Because I'm an OpenOffice user.
OpenOffice doesn't really work that well for this.
Nope.
So that was that.
And then kind of a weird, it's not weird, something I'm doing.
As I mentioned before, Mark Ruffalo has signed my Xbox before and a couple other people have as well.
So now I have this Xbox that I'm kind of using as almost like an autograph book.
I get celebrities to sign it.
I don't know if people always consider these people celebrities.
This week we had a visit from Duff Goldman from Ace of Cakes.
Duff Beer?
No, not Duff Beer.
From Ace of Cakes or Charm City Cakes.
Really cool guy.
So I had him sign my Xbox.
He must have went like, I'm a cake maker.
Why am I signing an Xbox?
He thought it was cool.
Thanks for watching!
I wouldn't consider Orlando Bloom or Mark Ruffalo, who's starring as the Hulk in the Avengers.
B-minus list.
Whatever, fine.
But, I mean, it's just, I have signatures from a bunch of different celebrities at my work, like a bunch of posters, but they're sitting in a pile on my desk and collecting dust.
Like, I have William H. Macy, and I had, oh, who the hell's, Jeff Goldblum at one time.
He's just, that guy is fucking weird.
Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
um but yeah like you know we we met before he died you know we met um Patrick Swayze oh nice uh so that was kind of cool um I like to get pictures yeah well yeah I get pictures too uh but you know I just I figured because I like you know I keep my Xbox in better shape than those posters so the way I figured I'm all it's it's more of an honor to sign this Xbox than it is good point
And I can't... I mean, this guy's a big geek.
I mean, he was talking about, you know, totally geeking out at, like, LucasArts and, you know, Skywalker Ranch and stuff like that when they went and made the cake there.
Did he also try to fling meatloaf at George Lucas?
Hey!
but uh you know so I I think that I'm sure that he plays video games I'm sure that he thought it was cool so whatever I like Derek H's counter about Mark Ruffalo's celebrity status Derek H says well Ruffalo is Bruce Banner a few hundred computers are playing the Hulk that is true facts true facts all right um fair enough anything else you want to get out there for your game um
I think that's all I've played.
No, I tried playing a little bit of the Mario Portal game, the Mario game.
It's weird.
I mean, I can't play that on my laptop.
It's an art piece.
It doesn't play very well with a touchpad.
I'm not very keyboard mouse, so it's very awkward for me to play that.
Yeah, if you're a laptop person.
Yeah, it's a little weird.
All right.
Well, that's it.
That's it.
Then My Gaming Week.
As I mentioned earlier, I tried that new Hunger Games on the iPhone.
Sorry, sorry, sorry.
I did play one game a lot this week, actually.
I completely forgot.
Super Stardust Delta.
I love that game.
It's actually really awesome.
That's right.
Our buddy Brad from PodCulture.
Yes, he hooked me up with the code and I've been playing the crap out of that.
It's actually a really fun game.
Yeah?
Because I'm thinking about getting it.
It's definitely worth it.
It's very fun.
I still never cashed in my 3G thing.
I never did either.
That feature on my Vita has literally gone to waste.
I think I have until the 31st to do something with it or you lose it or something like that.
So I've got to make sure I get that taken care of.
You know, who cares?
I think, well, they have the GPS, though, with the 3G one.
So, I mean, that's kind of helpful.
But, yeah, I mean, I just can't use 3G.
I don't know.
All right.
If you're finally done with Game Week.
I'm done.
I'm done.
Sorry.
All right, my Game Week.
Quickly, before I talk video games, I need to talk board games.
Because I went to a board game party yesterday.
It was actually a lot of fun.
I got to play some new board games.
And one of them that I really, really, really, really liked was called Seven Wonders.
So I'm sure some of you board card game enthusiasts will know this game.
And, you know, not that I think they should turn every game into an Xbox game, but some of them have worked rather well, right?
Like, you know, Ticket to Ride and Catan and all that, right?
So I would like to see Seven Wonders because that was... I had a lot of fun playing that game.
That was cool.
They have a game called Seven Wonders.
It's just one of those match-three games.
Oh, that's not even the same thing.
This is a more... It was kind of like...
it actually to me felt and Alan made this comment too like the stages of the game are similar to like civilization it's resource collecting and then you can kind of hedge yourself into technology or military or like what I would call cultural types of points you know you can kind of it's either really inspired by civilization or kind of right down that same line but you know I love Civ so I like this game too
and some other friends of ours came over we played Dominion again which I think I've talked about that on the show but that's a card game I really enjoy that would be really hard to pull off on a console though I think that's something you really have to play in person because there's so many ways you can kind of mix and match the different cards and the expansions and all that
So yeah, I've been playing tangible games this week.
Crazy.
Video games, though, haven't been short on those.
Last week, I talked about how I have suddenly just... I want to say out of the blue, but not really.
Shane from Horde House kind of... We'll just say he berated me into playing these games, but it worked.
The games are really good.
Mass Effect, right?
I beat Mass Effect 1.
Now, I realize a lot of you might be going, yay, golf clap for you, you beat a game that came out five years ago.
But really think about that statement if you've been listening to Orange House Radio for any length of time.
I had the attention span to beat a game playing it start to finish.
That is a huge endorsement, I think, for the game.
So yes, I beat Mass Effect.
And what did I do when I beat Mass Effect?
I put in my Mass Effect 2 disc that I picked up last week for $20, and I started on Mass Effect 2.
So I'm about nine hours into Mass Effect 2.
and now I'm going to go home and start Mass Effect tomorrow.
Yes, and now Jamie is taking my Mass Effect on Xbox and she said she's going to check it out.
However, she understands she has until the time I beat Mass Effect 3 to finish it because then I want to play Mass Effect 1 again as a renegade and as a woman so I can have lesbian romance.
I'm just going to start off as a woman because I play every game as a woman because it's fun.
Have you played Saints Row the 3rd yet?
Me?
Tons.
Her.
Oh.
No, I haven't because we don't have a system that I can play it on right now.
Unless someone would like to lend me a copy of it.
Don't you have... I have the 361 from you still, right?
So, do you want to borrow the 361?
Sure.
Alright.
I'm going to give it to her, okay?
Alright.
I forgot you even had it.
Well, there you go.
Alright.
So, yeah, I've been playing Mass Effect 2.
Again, I don't know how constructive it is for me to review a game that's about two or three years old.
But, what?
One question from Acidic Vampire.
Okay.
Who did you choose to bang?
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
That will set it up so that in the third game, this person will be around for me to bang.
And I will bang them.
Lots.
So that's, I'll just leave it at that.
Let's see, what else?
Now I'm off track here.
Oh yeah, Mass Effect 2.
The game's a few years old, but it's really good.
Everything is just a step up in the storytelling and in the voice acting and everything.
It's not that the first game was bad, but the second game is just even more.
I have laughed out loud at the game.
There's a particular character I just got into my little squad that literally made me laugh out loud with what they were saying.
It's awesome.
The graphics are a step up.
They got rid of the Mako stuff, thank God.
Planet Scanning's a little derpy.
That gets a little bit old really fast, but whatever.
The hacking's better.
The combat, I still have mixed feelings on.
I know a lot of people generally agree that combat in 2 is better than combat in 1, but I will agree it's more fast-paced because you can kind of map skills to buttons so you don't have to bring up the menu.
You can kind of do things that way, but I don't know.
I kind of find I don't like the way that just...
Enemies keep coming out in waves and waves and waves And you're kind of just like stuck in one spot Gunning them all down At least that's the way I kind of find them doing it Just kind of gunning them all down until the wave's finally over And you can kind of move into the next room Like I feel like the first game kind of made you It was a little more Metal Gear in the way that The enemies didn't just run out until they actually saw you
so I kind of like it made the conflicts a little more consistent but don't take that as a harsh gripe on the game I mean it's a really minor bitch it doesn't take away from the experience of the story that I'm really really really enjoying so
There you go.
Let's see.
What else have I been playing?
What other game I want to mention?
On the Vita, Mod Nation Racers Road Trip.
I played on the Vita for a little bit.
It's okay.
It is what it is.
It's the PlayStation 3 version condensed down for the Vita.
The graphics and everything are pretty good.
They look like they do on the PlayStation 3.
The track editor, I was very impressed that it's pretty much all there.
You can import all the stuff from the PlayStation, which is pretty impressive, and you can therefore build up a pretty good library of stuff.
The only problem with Mod Nation Racers is...
They stripped out everything online about the game.
The only thing you can do online on the Vita version is have ghost racers, and you can download other people's tracks, but you can't do races online, which is kind of an important element of custom track making.
It's because a lot of these games, they're just not able to do... That's why you get a lot of this asynchronous multiplayer garbage.
You can do ad hoc in the same room and do it that way, but it really feels lacking.
I'm kind of sitting here going, this racing game gets kind of basic after you play it for a while.
Yeah, there's some interesting power-ups and things they do, but at the end of the day, I'm just like, this game gets kind of old.
So, I mean, at least what?
It's only $30, but I rented it through.
I have an account with a game rental company, and so I got it through a rental.
But I think it's a worthy rental.
I don't know if I would pay $30 for it.
If you really like racers.
I'm sure you're getting a lot of objects for it through the little passing.
I need some.
Check into Nier while you're here, because I need some of those objects.
So, you know, we're going to talk about this later, because there's a story coming up about LittleBigPlanet cart or whatever.
The trailer looks cool, but it kind of made my heart sink when I heard, by the creators of Mod Nation Races, I'm like, ugh.
Because their load time is fucking terrible.
Yeah, the load time's really bad.
But see, I was really surprised at how much the online piece being missing really hurt the game.
Because I wouldn't call the one on the PlayStation 3 a basic bitch racer.
because the community element kind of saves it because there really is just a stronger sense of community in the PlayStation 3 one and you can really get these random organic experiences in the PlayStation 3 one that just feel very forced and very vanilla on the Vita one and that's the problem with it.
I mean, it's impressive that they otherwise got most of the PlayStation 3 one in there
I hope LittleBigPlanet didn't get neutered this way.
But then again, LittleBigPlanet... You could play LittleBigPlanet online, but it wasn't as key to that game.
I think LittleBigPlanet Vita will be alright.
See, here's my question, though.
If they did that, though, if it's really neutered, I guess, on the Vita version, do you have the PSP version?
Because I think I got that as the PSP version.
I'm wondering if it was neutered on there, too, or if they...
Thanks for watching!
Thanks for watching!
Hot Shots, Golf, Wipeout, and MLB 12 are the only games.
I don't know if Unit 13 does.
I don't think that did though.
But those are the three and possibly four games that I know of right now that actually have multiplayer.
Now, I'll say this.
I don't want to totally bash out Monday's Racers because I don't think it's a bad game necessarily.
And we have to remember it's a launch title.
And for a launch title, it's surprisingly decent.
I say that.
It's a strong launch title for the Vita community.
But it's not as strong as, say, Luminous or some of the other choices that are out there Or what also kind of shoots this game in the foot a little bit is that I have to say that free Motorstorm game they put out last week It's kind of a better racing experience for me I mean, maybe because it was free, and it was more like Iron Man off-road racing
which I really enjoy that style but I'm well see the thing is like I'm kind of embracing a little bit more of the uh online or not even online stuff but the digital stuff now um thanks to some of these offerings the fact that well the fact that the Michael Jackson game was free was kind of fun but um you know the the on that Motorstorm game is pretty awesome and I'm actually thinking of thinning out my collection because I have four games right now and cart form and
I'm probably going to, well, Lil Deviance is gone.
I mean, that game looked like terrible shit.
And actually, Rayman Origins I'm probably going to get rid of because I'm just not playing it.
Not that it's a terrible game.
It's not a terrible game at all.
It's an awesome game, but it's just I'm not finding myself playing or wanting to play that game.
So, I don't know.
Go to our chatroom at chat.orangeloundtrader.com.
I'm just now catching up on some of the comments from chat.
Acidic Vampire says, the characters in Mass Effect 2 are some of the best characters in any video game.
You know what?
I gotta say, although I haven't played enough of Mass Effect 2 to really say that's true or that's false, I can see so far where that is probably a true statement.
Because there is some strong characters in Part 2.
Like, even...
and it's so funny I'm sitting here saying that because as I keep saying this about two, I feel like I'm bashing one, but I'm not.
It's just that one set the bar pretty high and two actually exceeds it in almost every area.
So, pretty neat.
And Shane says, pics of Kaiden put him over to actually trying the series out.
That may or may not be true.
Just saying.
I deny these allegations.
Alright, that's enough about our gaming weeks.
Let's get into some gaming news after I quickly mention some housekeeping.
Don't forget to visit us on Twitter, twitter.com slash OLR.
We're also on Facebook, facebook.com slash Orange Lounge Radio.
Also searchable on Google Plus at Orange Lounge Radio.
We have a Steam community.
Lots of places you can find the OL Army as we call the fans of the show.
Remember the number one rule of the OL Army though, don't be a dick.
If you're going to play games online, don't be a dick.
Just be nice.
That's it.
You know, it goes a long way.
If you want to find other fans of Orange Lounge Radio and all your favorite gaming places, check out OrangeLoungeRadio.com in the upper right-hand corner.
Extended play.
That box will have a bunch of logos to other sites that we have a presence on.
So check it out at OrangeLoungeRadio.com.
Let's get into gaming news, Loki.
Well, there's rumors that Sony is shutting down one of their first party developers, Zipper Interactive, who just put out the Vita game, Unit 13.
They may be gone.
Apparently there's been some chatter for several days about an impending closure and the possibility of cancellations of a current project.
Of course, Sony hasn't made a comment on it.
And besides, you know, Unit 13, they're of course the ones behind Zipper.
Socom, US Navy SEALs, and MAG.
So they kind of know their shooters, but I don't know.
Maybe it's just because they can't really compete with, say, Call of Duty or Battlefield.
Maybe this is why they're kind of letting them go and restructuring.
Who knows?
Hmm well it's never good to hear about studios closing but I mean wasn't SOCOM still a pretty strong series or did I miss something?
Um I don't know how well SOCOM 4 did um I would have thought that they would have you know tried to well maybe they tried with MAG maybe that was the whole thing is um you know they were trying to you know do something with that but um maybe it just didn't really work out.
Also, also.
But it also is a rumor.
Also, the other thing might have kind of hurt SOCOM 4 was the fact that SOCOM 4 launched right before the whole PlayStation Network blackout there.
Oh, that's right.
I thought I remembered there was something that kind of like about SOCOM 4 that was like iffy in the community.
That's right.
That's what it was.
The fact that it came out the week they took the network down for like a month.
Yeah.
Yeah.
That probably didn't help.
No.
but interesting that all this time later something happens I'm also surprised if that in spite of that they didn't try to relaunch SOCOM for the holidays or maybe they did and I just you know that's not usually a series I follow so but I'm surprised there wouldn't be like a SOCOM 4 game of the year edition since that's what they're all called or SOCOM 4 platinum guns edition or something that comes out at the end of the year to try and relaunch it
I'm surprised too.
I mean, I don't know.
I didn't think SOCOM 4 is a bad game.
I think it got pretty good reviews.
It's just... I don't know.
Maybe it's just not enough room right now.
Maybe they're focusing on something else.
Maybe they're just getting rid of these guys because they're going to have someone else working on SOCOM.
Who knows?
Maybe...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
Thanks for watching!
Thanks for watching!
Meanwhile, over in Xbox territory, there is yet another arcade promotion going on.
So it seems like Xbox, Microsoft, and all them have found success in these, you know, summer of arcade.
What's the winner one called?
Block Party, right?
So since it's so successful... Let's do it quarterly.
Arcade Next Trials Evolution
Bloodforge on April 25th, Fable Heroes on May 2nd.
Now, that is not the It's Not on Rails fable.
That's the Mario Party fable, right?
That looks all right.
It's kind of like a little bit Mario Party crossed with Castle Crashers, I guess.
All right.
Interesting.
And then, obviously, this is the huge one, the big one, May 9th, Minecraft.
It's going to be 1,600 Microsoft points.
and it should be noted too that because of the recent change in the gamer score for arcade all of these games will now offer the 400 gamer score it's not going to be because April's the month they're starting that right so all these games will now have you know 400 gamer score instead of 200 available to you I mean I'd like to try Minecraft out you know again
Yeah, I kind of want to give Minecraft a second chance.
I don't really want to pay 1,600 points for it, only to be... if I'm disappointed in it.
But all the Xbox... Yeah, they come with demos, so I'll...
Let's everybody cross your fingers that the Minecraft one's really good because I want to give it another chance.
I do.
So we'll see.
I am kind of curious about Trials.
I kind of skipped the first one, but it sounds interesting.
They showed another one.
There was a picture I saw where I think it was the devs that did Limbo did a level that looks like Limbo in Trials.
That's awesome.
I do want to point out the price of the other games.
Fable Heroes will be 800 points.
That's about 10 bucks.
All the others, Evolution, Bloodforge, 15 bucks.
So that's the pricing for those games.
Now what we haven't heard about, I have not heard anything about what you get if you buy all four games.
Because remember, that was an important part of the promotion for Block Party and Summer of Arcade, is like buy all four, get...
400 points in the mail or something like that right or get 1200 points or get a game for free you know depending on what what promotion it is but yet I'm not hearing anything with this so this is just straight up a send out a press release to all the gaming sites and get the games more exposure right get an ad in magazines it's still a while away I mean they could always announce something
That's true.
There may be something coming out later.
Even if it's something derpy, like something for your, I keep wanting to say your me, but for your avatar, like a little next shirt or something.
I mean, even if they throw something like that in there, there'll be people that give it a shot just to have that, you know?
Not very many people, but there will be people.
Never know.
Derek H in chat says, does that mean Minecraft is the highest priced Xbox Live Arcade game ever?
No, the Penny Arcade game was also $1,600.
I want to say, well, some of them you may consider Xbox Live Arcade and some you may not.
Remember, some games are released not as Xbox Live Arcade, but as actually those games on demand because they don't fit within the constraints of the file size.
True, and one could argue that a game that didn't get released here, like wasn't there that Japanese import shooter that you could only get through on demand?
Right?
Wasn't there something like that?
Well, there was this original Crisis, too.
Crisis, I think, was HD or something like that.
They had come out.
I don't remember if that was $20.
I think it was at least $20.
Yeah.
But, I mean, if you want to count just strictly what's in the category of XBLA, then it ties for most expensive game ever, yes.
Don't get me wrong.
They're probably going to try to inch that up a little bit, but...
Yeah, there might be DLC that'll bump it up a little, especially in a game like Minecraft.
It's possible.
The question is, will they go there?
All right, let's move on.
DarkSakura.
Well, we've discussed this till we were blue in the face, but Mass Effect 3.
We don't like the ending Well, Bioware is listening I don't know why, but they're listening And the co-founder, Ray, and I always mispronounce his name, Musica Has said that they are actually going to work to answer those open-ended questions And give closure to the fans
and described the fan feedback as incredibly painful.
So basically everyone bitched and they're putting out some DLC to I guess expand more on the ending but he's saying, and this is a quote, our first instinct is to defend the work and point out the high ratings offered by critics.
What do critics know?
Out of respect to our fans, we need to accept the criticism and feedback with humility.
Sorry you didn't like it.
We're not going to change that much about it, but maybe you'll like this.
That's what I can tell.
I guess the only thing to do is wait and see.
I think it's a terrible idea I've calmed down a little bit on the idea I still don't think this excuses certain behaviors of certain people on the internet namely those that are harassing the employees of Bioware that's totally fucking unacceptable I don't give a fuck how much you've spent or invested in the Mass Effect series some of the vile shit I've read on the internet about the creators of the games like seriously, fuck off
It's a game.
The whole, I don't think this is on the show roll later, so the whole using Child's Play, I think, went a little bit far.
I think maybe somebody was good intentioned with that whole thing, but at the end of the day, people were calling Child's Play, saying, how much do I have to donate to get the ending changed?
And Child's Play's like, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa.
What are we here?
Are we an organization that's supposed to help you get your beef with game publishers resolved?
Or are we an organization trying to bring joy into sick children's lives?
And so they came out with a clarification that if you do a fundraiser for Child's Play, Child's Play is the cause.
There is to be no other cause.
Child's Play is the cause.
And I say bravo to that.
Now, I'm not as harsh on that because I realize there might have been good intentions there, but unfortunately some people aren't smart.
I don't know how else to put it.
But like what you just said, and this is why I'm just scared of what this kind of precedent says.
How much money do I have to pay for them to change the ending?
How much money do I have to pay for them to change the ending?
Really?
Are people actually asking that question?
Funny enough.
Go ahead, Jamie.
I was going to say, that right there is America.
And I was going to say, funny enough, Loki, that's the part where I become okay with this.
Because although I've been bashing all these things, I realize the vast majority of people out there that probably went to go click like on the page or have said a nasty tweet about, God, that ending sucked or whatever.
I realize the vast majority of those people aren't insane like some of the other people I just mentioned.
But, you know, if they're going to put it out there, like, if BioWare does a DLC ending, I will buy it and I will support it.
I'm kind of like, alright, then fine.
At least you'll have the choice if you want to invest that money or not.
And it's like, if people want to buy it, then fine.
It's a weird, weird precedent.
And we were just talking about this a little bit with Bobby before us here tonight.
And I was mentioning about Final Fantasy VII.
A lot of people hated that ending too.
And if that game came out today, a lot of people would probably be doing the same thing.
Like, wow, two of the characters were just fucking missing in the ending.
But, once again though, it's so what if it was a terrible ending for Final Fantasy 7?
People bought Final Fantasy 8.
People bought Final Fantasy 9.
People bought Final Fantasy 10.
They bought 10 too.
They probably bought 11.
They bought 12.
They bought 13.
Did it really hurt the sales of those because they didn't like the game?
Nobody bought Final Fantasy 11.
I'm kidding, I'm kidding, don't send the hate mail.
But there were a lot of Final Fantasy fans that did reject XI, but there were enough that embraced it that gave us XIV, which truly nobody bought XIV.
When that shit goes free to play, watch how many fans reject that.
Anyway, back to the topic here.
E.A.
kind of invented that mess.
Maybe they didn't invent it, but they perfected it, let's say.
They did start the online pass, did they not?
So they've figured out how to milk all the extra dollars for a video game.
So in that capacity, EA kind of has themselves to blame for the fan backlash.
Because if this were 10 years ago, fans wouldn't be saying this because there wouldn't really be anything they could do about it.
They would have to just write on their live journals, I don't like the ending.
What they should do is just fucking shut the hell up.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
What about their time?
Well, devil's advocate, I'm not agreeing or disagreeing with you, but just giving you another perspective that's on the internet.
There's a lot of talk on the internet that the ending was changed at the last minute and that the writers of the original ending were basically shafted because I guess there was a leak that had ruined it.
I mean, I wasn't following the Mass Effect series then, so I don't know much about this.
I'm just hearing it secondhand.
But I guess there was a leak that spoiled the first ending, so the creator kind of made this new ending...
If the internet is to be believed, literally pulled it out of his ass and that's the ending we have because they wanted to get back at the spoiled leak, I guess.
That doesn't make any sense.
Just saying.
and also like I take you know I have a problem with the fact that all these people hate it and then like you know the game reviews and stuff and granted everyone is you know open to their own opinion but a lot of the game reviews have been really positive for it I didn't hear anyone saying they're not letting a 15 minute ending or even if it's an hour ending ruin what is otherwise exactly and that's how everybody should take it instead of just being so goddamn focused on the last 15 minutes of the game
SGO100 Matt has some pretty strong words in our chatroom at chat.orangesoundradio.com Let the artists paint the picture and write the image they want.
Gamers aren't entitled to nothing.
Just sit back and enjoy the ride.
If you don't like the ride, get the fuck off it.
Exactly, and you don't have to purchase their next game.
But see, I think that's why they did it.
Two reasons.
One, so they could possibly sell more DLC.
Because, you know, the publisher's like, yeah, yeah, you should make a new ending.
We'll give you a little bit of money, and we're going to make a lot of money in return.
and it appeases the fans so that when Mass Effect 4 comes out, because you know there will be a Mass Effect 4, that they will buy it.
I just think this whole sense of entitlement thing that's going on in this country is probably the most ridiculous thing to ever happen it's a truly modern phenomenon and people really need to get over themselves and realize that you know it not being what you want or not getting what you want doesn't mean that it's a complete affront to you in particular you know that it's they're doing this on purpose you know
Stop being a baby.
I mean that makes no sense.
Yeah.
That sounds like fanboy speculation.
It's going to be interesting very much to see the impact that this has on an inevitable Mass Effect 4.
And yes, fans, I realize that apparently they have said there's not going to be any more Mass Effect.
But seriously?
You fucking believe that?
Seriously?
Yeah.
There wasn't going to be any more Halo after Halo 3 either.
You know, there was...
they'll find a way to do Mass Effect 4 it may not be called Mass Effect 4 the series will continue it's too fucking big to not it might not be Bioware so you may really not want it to happen but it'll happen somebody will do it
Disney Interactive announced Disney's Epic Mickey 2, The Power of Two.
I was really hoping for The Power of Love, but you know, that's... It sounds like a Mary-Kate and Ashley Olsen movie to me.
The Power of Two.
The Power of Two.
So yes, this new, you know, as all the kind of rumors were, it actually is going to feature both Mickey Mouse and Oswald the Lucky Rabbit.
And Oswald's going to be AI controlled, of course.
Thanks for watching!
It looks neat.
I watched the trailer for it.
I mean, I didn't play the original game, which is kind of a fault on my part because it looked like a pretty awesome game.
Maybe I'll check it out on the 360 when it comes out.
I'm just glad Disney Interactive is making something because for a while there, they didn't have anything since Disney Universe.
I was like, damn, did they just go away or something?
I was getting worried, but...
Well, yeah, the split second was the Disney game.
That studio got obliterated, didn't it?
Yeah, BlackRock.
Yeah, that's unfortunate.
There's another movie tie-in game.
Brave has a movie coming up.
Okay, but you know, I expect the kiddie games to all get tie-ins.
Those are usually the first ones to have, like, the movie tie-in.
Well, there wasn't really anything for Twilight, unless you count seeing it at Twilight.
Konami!
Way to go, Konami!
What in the fuck would a Twilight video game be?
Seriously, I can't believe I'm about to admit this on the radio, but I saw Breaking Dawn Part 1.
It's the only Twilight movie I've seen.
In my defense... In my defense... Put the hate mail down.
In my defense...
It was with Riff Trax, which I think is the only tolerable way to see.
It is the only way to see those movies.
But my God.
Where was the plot in that movie?
It was literally like 30 minutes of them fucking and being on the beach and like, I love you and we're going to be together.
I'm like, oh my God, people paid a lot of money to see this in the theater.
You would pay $50 for a video game for Breaking Dawn Part 1?
The fuck would you do?
I would love to see a game that was controlled very much like Dragon's Lair.
It was just like left, right.
Be emo to the left.
Be emo to the right.
Sulk to the right.
Sulk to the left.
Sparkle.
Prevent this wedding from becoming her hallucination by pressing A repeatedly to stop them from turning into vampires.
I think it would be kind of funny.
I mean, someone has to have the sense of humor to do that.
Anyhow.
Oh, and 3DS is getting a version as well.
Power of Illusion, which made me think of Castle of Illusion, so maybe that's a good sign?
That is interesting.
Epic Mickey, we've known about this for a while from some of the leaks.
I know we've talked about it on the show before, but...
Putting all that aside, are we surprised it's actually happening, or no?
Because Epic Mickey... It sold well.
Yeah?
Yeah.
I guess maybe for those of us that focus more on our 360s... It had a lot of neat stuff in it.
It did.
I'm not saying it was a bad game, but the Wii-only thing really kept it away from the hardcore.
Yeah, and see, that's kind of... I think that's the reason why I didn't play the game, was remember the original concept art for...
Epic Mickey, where it's going to be really fucking twisted and dark.
It was like, not necessarily Tim Burton, but Guillermo del Toro put out a version of Mickey Mouse.
That was like fucking the game right there.
It was just really crazy and steampunk and all this stuff.
And then we got the version that came out in the Wii, and they just kind of like...
You know, kind of washed all that.
I mean, there was still a lot of dark stuff in there, but it wasn't anywhere near like this adult Mickey game that was supposed to be coming out.
It was kind of like, oh, it's Mickey saving the land.
You can't have a truly adult Mickey game.
Well, why can't you have a... Okay, let's put it this way.
Not an adult game, but a very, very dark.
Dark, dark, dark, dark Mickey game.
I think Epic Mickey is about as dark as you're going to get.
But, you know, it's the Disney image.
You don't want to associate Disney with dark things.
And I'm talking the company and Mickey Mouse as a whole.
Disney does some dark-ish... I mean, you could call Alice in Wonderland a little bit dark.
What about Kingdom Hearts, though?
Or Tron, even, is a little bit dark.
Well, Kingdom Hearts kind of goes a little bit dark with stuff.
But even Kingdom Hearts is a little bit kiddy.
And I love Kingdom Hearts.
But I'm just saying, like, touching on more of like, you know, just having the stuff be all really twisted.
Anything that's dark that comes out of Disney really comes from Touchstone or whatever their movie arm is.
It's fine.
Buena Vista or whatever it's called.
We'll just have it produced by Touchstone Interactive or whatever.
Make up a company.
Who knows?
Who knows?
All right.
I'm glad they're doing PlayStation 3 and Xbox as well.
I think it'll be, you know, because the Wii is on its way out, especially with the Wii U coming out this year.
I'm glad they're stepping it up to the other systems.
It really is on its way out.
I mean, there's literally hardly any games coming out at all for the Wii.
Oh god, a page right out of the 23rd Magus Jokes book.
You ready for this one?
Brad from PodCulture in chat says, Adult Mickey?
Are you fucking goofy?
At least it got his main laugh.
Chat.OrangeLoungeRadio.com If you want to...
Ragenator in our chatroom says, Sky, please tell us you were either drunk and or high when you saw Twilight.
No, I was neither drunk nor high.
I was fat.
I was eating pizza at the time.
So I was fat, but I was not drunk or high.
Do you think pizza contains things that will get you wasted?
I don't know.
All right.
Let me put it this way.
Twilight, even Rift Tracks couldn't make that movie good.
I have friends that love it.
They swear it's only for the guilty pleasure.
You should really question your friendship with them.
No, no, because they're close friends of mine, but it's like, oh my God.
All right, you know what?
I have my things too.
Not everybody understands Rocky Horror Picture Show, so whatever.
I like Xanadu.
Yeah, you are a little weird.
Shut up.
Dragon's Lair Dragon's Lair
Oh, it isn't on Xbox Live Arcade.
It's like the one fucking platform Dragon's Lair isn't on.
Because I could get it on, oh God, I could get it on DVD.
I have it on my DVD player.
Blu-ray.
I get it on my iPhone.
I could get it on the PlayStation.
Sega CD.
This game has been on everything CD-based.
However, when the early versions were out, the best version was on the CD-i.
Why is that?
Because it was the full version.
Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
Dragon's Lair Dragon's Lair Dragon's Lair
There's several ways you can look at this.
You can go, well, I mean, they've put it out so many other times, they had to do something new to it.
Or you could look at it and go, they're ruining my childhood in front of my eyes.
How do you feel about this?
I especially want to know, DarkSakura, because you like Dragon's Lair.
What do you think about Kinect support?
I'm indifferent about it because I'm not going to buy it.
Seriously, how many other versions of Dragon's Lair do I own?
You know, it kind of would be like, you know, for all the people who like... Actually, I can think of a benefit on this.
You know, people who may not be able to use a controller...
or maybe people with no arms they can use their feet well to be fair you would have to like some of the motions they're talking about are raising your hand up to grab the rope so unless you can trick the Kinect to think your foot is your hand which maybe is possible or use something else I don't know you're right there could be somebody with a disability where they can't use a controller but I don't know how many people would fit into the category of can't use a controller can use these Kinect commands
Maybe they have no hands.
Maybe they're missing fingers.
Now you're stretching.
Well, I'm just saying that they put it out there for a reason.
Someone's gonna probably like it and pay for it.
Not me.
I just don't care.
Let them do whatever they want to with it.
It's not costing me any money.
Chat.OrangeLawnTrader.com Stan in our chatroom says, Oh no, does that mean you can put your face on that guy's face?
Dirk the Daring, you mean?
Let's hope not.
Let's really hope not.
More like Derp the Daring.
Actdeft says, Dragon's Lair plus Kinect.
Why did they think this was a good idea?
I don't know.
I guess they're props to them trying to do something new.
That's about the nicest thing I can say.
They're trying to make it a party game, a social game.
I mean, because it's Dragon's Lair.
You got to do something to... Oh, yeah.
When I think party, I think bust out Dragon's Lair.
DarkSakura
I got your news.
I got your news right here.
Apparently, exposure to violent video games has been linked to aggressive behavior.
Warning.
Shut up!
Well, it's not true, but still.
Yeah, there is another bill that wants to label any game that's E or higher that exposure to violent video games has been linked to aggressive behavior.
E or higher?
That would be all games.
I can think of maybe two games that had the Y, the youth rating on it.
That's old.
It's EC nowadays.
Whatever it is, I can think of maybe two games.
Frank Wolf, Virginia, Joe Baca, California,
who basically want they call it the Violence of Video Games Labeling Act and I mean basically they've done this before they did it in 2009 which was for TNUP they're just not giving up and it's already been proven to be unconstitutional so I don't know what they're thinking you know there's a saying that doing the same thing multiple times in a row and expecting different results is insanity
Well, they're insane.
People don't vote for them.
Super Mario Bros.
Wii will lead to aggressive behavior
Imagine Babies.
SingStar Abba will lean to aggressive behavior.
Forza.
Well, here, basically, this is what they said about the last time they tried to do this, is that basically that the Supreme Court found all of the data lacking and unpersuasive.
And really, even these own studies, if you go and read them, they contradict themselves because they also bring up that violent movies or any movie causes the same reaction in a child already predisposed towards it.
It has just as much influence as a movie, as a book, as songs, as anything audiovisual.
So, these men are clearly insane.
That's the only thing that I can say.
Again, doing the same thing over and over and expecting different results is insanity.
On a tangent here for a minute, speaking of politicians who don't understand video games, did you hear the latest in the Leland Yee saga?
Oh, what?
The interesting thing is that this is a bill that you look at and go, yes, we do need this.
Remember, Leland Yee was the guy in California, I want to say Democrat out of San Francisco, who was trying to pass the bill on violent video games not being able to be sold online.
Thank you for watching!
He wrote a bill this week that actually you look at and go, okay, now that makes sense.
That's technology he does understand.
He authored a bill in California which will make it illegal for employers to ask you for your Facebook password because you might have been hearing the stories this week, the nightmare stories about people that went into job interviews and the interviewees were like, okay, log into Facebook for me so I can check out what you're really like.
And everybody's like, wow, that's an invasion of privacy.
Employers shouldn't be able to do that.
And so, yeah, Facebook has come out and said, don't do it.
And now Leland Yee is going to make it illegal in California.
And I was kind of like, well, that's a smart  oh, wait.
No, it's him.
He's all right.
Better read the fine text.
I'm sure he's got violent video game stuff hidden in there.
It might be hidden in there.
You got to look for it.
This is great.
Just pass it through.
I actually posted a comic on my Tumblr yesterday that was a woman in an interview.
She's like, okay, well, you've passed all of this.
Now let me see your Facebook.
She's like, let me see yours.
Oh yeah, that's what I would say too.
I probably wouldn't get the job, but would you want to work for a company that does that?
I don't know.
It's tough because in this day and age, people really, really need jobs and it's kind of gross.
It's just gross that employers are exploiting that.
It's gross.
I think employers that do that should be called out.
I think we should have a list of employers that are violating the privacy of their employees.
And create two Facebook pages.
I know, I know, right?
Or just say, I don't have one.
They won't believe you.
They won't believe you.
They'll search for you.
But if you use a fake name on the internet, it'll be hard to find.
And honestly, anyone can read my Facebook page.
I don't care.
Don't post anything private on there anyways.
I don't care.
I mean, my mother and my rabbi are on my Facebook.
So, really.
But you can see where not everybody would want their employers on their Facebook.
You know what I mean?
For me, it's a private... Yes, I have co-workers on Facebook, but it's my choice.
I don't want him on my Facebook either because I just don't want to talk to him on Facebook.
I don't really care.
Alright, anyhow.
Let's move on with some release dates.
We're going to travel around the world and check out what is coming out in a gaming store near you.
We'll start with the U.S.
That's slowing down a bit.
GoGo Crazy Bones on the Nintendo DS.
I'm sure that was delayed to this week.
Melee to aggressive behavior.
Those crazy bones.
Damn them.
Supremacy MMA for the PlayStation Vita.
That's coming out this week as well.
Myst on the 3DS.
It's in 3D and it's Myst.
Yay.
That game's awesome, 15 years ago.
You know, I have a parody of that game called Pissed.
I remember that, actually.
Yeah, I never played it.
I just thought it was funny.
And I can guarantee that there's 100% more mist in that game than there is in the Silent Hill HD Collection.
I see what you did there.
Country Dance All-Stars for Kinect.
Warriors Orochi 3 on Xbox 360 Tiger Woods PGA Tour 13 on PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360 this week including collector's editions if you really need a collector's edition for a golf game sure why not the Capcom Digital Collection on Xbox 360 which is a collection of Xbox Live Arcade games that are already out there
And maybe or maybe not this week, because no one seems to have the answer for it, Ridge Racer Unbounded.
Possibly coming out this week, possibly delayed to who knows when.
Because even Namco doesn't know.
So, possibly this week.
Alright, going to Japan.
Are we good to go to Japan now?
Yay, we're going to Japan.
On the Nintendo 3DS in Japan this week, probably a big release some of you might care about.
This might be worth importing to some of you.
Kingdom Hearts Dream Drop Distance gets released on the Nintendo 3DS this week in Japan on the 29th.
Remember, you can't import from the 3DS unless you have a Japanese region 3DS.
Right, it is not region-free like the original DS was, right?
Yes.
Well, if you want to get a Japanese 3DS, there is specifically a Kingdom Hearts 3D DS that you can get.
It's like a black one that kind of looks nice, like a little inscription of Disney.
I don't know if that's a sticker they put on it, but it looks like an inscription.
Oh, okay.
So it's a little more permanent, so that's good.
So that's, you know, kind of your big release, and that's on the 3DS this week.
But there are some other games coming out in Japan this week.
On the PlayStation Vita, there's Pro Yakyuu Spirits 2012, Otumao to Seven-Nin no Himi Gimitachi, Shin Osamu Monogatari.
That is coming out from Konami this week.
I don't know if this is a series I recognize on the Vita.
It's like a chibi character role-playing game.
When I saw the people at first, I was like, oh, it's like Suikoden, but it's definitely not.
It's too cartoony to be that, so something a little different there.
But that's from Konami, which is a pretty big publisher in Japan.
Going to the consoles real quick, let me take a look at the Xbox 360.
Japan gets Duke Nukem Forever.
Stay away from it.
It's horrible.
Root Double, Before Crime, After Days, Mahjong, Dream Club, all on the 360.
And lastly, on the PlayStation 3 this week, Grand Theft Auto, episodes from Liberty Cities.
It's like a price reduction.
Duke Nukem Forever is out there as well.
The Silent Hill HD collection makes its way to Japan.
Idol Master, Gravure for You, Volume 6, comes out this week on the PlayStation 3.
So there you go, your Japanese releases.
How about UK?
We do have a few.
For the UK releases, we have on the 28th, we have Wrecked, Revenge Revisited.
On the 29th, Silent Hill HD Collection.
On the 30th, Silent Hill Downpour, Naruto Shippuden, Ultimate Ninja Storm Generations, Ridge Racer Unbound, Warriors Orochi 3.
Awesome.
All right.
Let's do a couple more stories and then the classic game of the week.
Loki?
All right.
So apparently Ubisoft is hoping that they can get rid of their DRM that they have on PC.
According to a recent interview with Eurogamer, Chris Early, who is the vice president of digital publishing at Ubisoft, said,
Talked about some of their anti-piracy measures and how it's a tricky balancing act.
Basically, they were talking a little bit about how it's kind of inconveniencing some of their customers and that at the same time, they don't want to put...
They're having a hard time convincing themselves to not put DRM on their PC tiles because they know they're going to get pirated.
So they're trying to find a balance where they can offer enough value in a game where people will want to buy it legitimately without having to
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
but right now they're saying the question is with enough ongoing content development content release engagement at the community level we can create that kind of MMO value system I think we can as the rest of the game industry continues to evolve the more you hear about cloud gaming the more you hear about companion gaming the less pirated games should work in all of that environment
So basically, they're trying to make it where you're... Well, cloud gaming, I mean, they're basically making it where you don't have any of the content.
You just kind of access it.
And then the MMO stuff, just kind of more... It sounds like a lot of pay-to-purchase, pay-to-play stuff.
Right.
It's kind of like, yeah, they're trying to enrich it by giving it more to download.
It's almost like the Mass Effect 2 thing I'm going through right now.
I got a copy of Mass Effect 2 for $20, brand new.
I'm like, fuck yeah, sweet, a copy of Mass Effect 2.
Almost got pissed as hell when I saw it came with a free code for the Cerebrus Network.
Expires January 1st, 2012.
and I just bought it off the shelf at Fry's brand new like but it's still I tried using it anyway it still worked so crisis averted right so by the way those pro tip those codes might not actually expire when they say they do just throwing it out there but the other thing I wanted to say is that I find that now I'm being told oh I have to buy the $7 DLC because it will change some things in three and then there's other DLC I might have to drop another 20 bucks in DLC to get the full experience and
So, they're still going to get $40 out of me for the whole game, even though I thought I was getting it on sale.
What they really should do, and like I was saying before with the whole Killzone 3 online thing, how that was free, that's how you get people interested in your game.
You put that shit out there digitally for free.
You can even do it like a demo.
and then you add content and you're basically free to play.
You're free to start playing it but then you pay for additional content or you can get everything boxed together.
Is that like the whole idea that Ridge Racer on the Vita would be awesome if it was free?
I wouldn't go as far as saying it'd be awesome, but it'd be a lot easier to swallow that, okay, yes, there's only three tracks and five cars because this is the free version of the game versus the $30 version of the game.
Well, there's the Motorstorm.
The Motorstorm game's free, and they have a lot of DLC for it.
Exactly, that's kind of a perfect example there, although that DLC, you don't really need any of it, I mean, because it's just cars that change the appearance of your cars, which, since you're not really racing anybody anyways, I don't really see the point of making your car look different, considering that I don't think they handle any different, but whatever.
You know, you can do that, and that DLC, though, is anywhere from like a quarter a pop to like a buck, I mean, which...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
and I knew this comment was coming in the chat room.
Acidic Vampire says, Sky, just drop the money for it.
Mass Effect 2's DLC is worth it and all the Mass Effect fans are joining in.
Infinel says, you don't really need the Weapon Armor DLC and Shane says, yeah, forget it, just get the story stuff.
I'm like, alright, yeah, yeah, you guys made your point but, you know, and Mass Effect 2 is kind of one game out of a lot that I would be willing to do that for.
I mean, again, I actually, it held my attention long enough to beat it.
That says a lot right there.
So,
Alright.
When you get around to it, I may have DLC codes for you for Mass Effect 3.
Nice!
For some of the pre-order stuff.
I think I still have some left over.
Send those my way!
Save one for when I borrow Rob's.
I love that Jamie is already resigned to the fact that she's going to have to play the whole damn series.
Oh, and hey, if anybody needs any of the Genki codes for Saints Row the Third, I think I have like 200 of them still, so...
Yeah, I'd like one of those too.
Send me a direct message on Twitter.
By the way, Mass Effect fans in chat, especially Shane, do I get like a big old high five or a big old cookie for paying it forward to Jamie?
Where now she's taking my copy and she's going to get sucked into this?
Of course, she might come on the show next week and go, I hated it.
You guys are stupid.
You know what?
I think right there, that's a perfect example of how they should be treating games instead of saying, oh, well, we want each person to play an online pass.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Hitstone wants to know if any of those codes are for PC.
No.
Sorry.
PS3 and 360 only.
Sorry.
All right.
One more story for you guys.
Look, it's a slow news week, so I'm going to let this story through.
In a more busy news week, it would have been cut, but we needed something.
So I'm going to go ahead and address these rumors about Grand Theft Auto V, supposedly from an ex-Rockstar employee on the GameSpot forums.
So...
Big Fat Grain Assault.
And I'm doing this instead of Loki so that Loki can sit here and go, it's bullshit or, oh, it sounds like it's legit.
Number one, there will be one protagonist character, one character alone.
Albert Da Silva is the name.
Half Hispanic man who was once a part of a crime city, crime family in Vice City.
True or false?
I don't know.
You're not very fun to play with.
Multiplayer will hold 32 people on the Xbox and PlayStation 3.
Unknown about PC.
Just like Red Dead Redemption, you'll be able to form gangs.
They're not ranked through XP, but through reputation.
Well, we know that to be true already, but I think a lot of it is just speculation.
I think all this is speculation.
They don't know.
I think a lot of this seems like educated speculation to me when I read it too.
I don't know if it's educated speculation.
Number three, the map is about five times as large as the Grand Theft Auto 4 map and the city of Los Santos takes up just under half of this area.
So it's bigger than two Grand Theft Auto 4 Liberty Cities.
Again, safe bet.
I don't know if they can do it like that I mean it could be bigger because I think the Red Dead Redemption map was pretty big but I mean it's a lot of it's just fitting in textures and fitting in the maps themselves I mean the object placement formats and stuff like that it's pretty small but it's when you get all the different textures in the game so I don't know if it's gonna be five times as large I mean it's gonna be pretty big but I don't know I just assume it's gonna be larger
Cars and guns are customizable to an extent.
For an example, you can customize a gun to have a suppressor on it, and you can install nitrous into cars.
I thought you could already do that in Grand Theft Auto.
They used to have that in San Andreas.
Not necessarily the suppressors, but that would be a nice feature.
I don't know if that's going to be legit or not.
Alright, let me get to some of the other good stuff, because this is getting boring already.
Radio stations now do traffic reports that are actually correct.
So if you don't know what route to take, you can check the traffic reports on your phone or on the Radio 7.
The in-game TV has more channels.
Again, that seems like a safe bet.
But once again, though, those in-game TV channels are fucking huge as far as the files go.
They're BIC-encoded videos that take up hundreds of megs.
I mean, if they're going to fit that shit on a disc, they're going to have to do some sort of compression or something, because as of right now, on four episodes from Liberty City, they're not compressed at all, besides what the actual encoder does.
But
The protagonist can take drugs, which will have some effects, but smoking weed on the streetwalk will lead to getting a one-star wanted level.
That's like Saints Row 1 shit.
I don't even know if I'd go with that.
I'm bored of this story already, so here's the biggest one.
The game is due in May 2013.
A more specific date has not been decided because the game is still needing six months to be fully developed.
They will have a playable demo at E3.
That's, again, speculation because we already know what their... We already know what the next quarter game is going to be, Max Payne 3.
We already know what the fourth quarter game is going to be, which is going to be... Well, it's not necessarily the Rockstar, but Take-Two, which is going to be NBA 2K, NHL 2K if they actually put one out this year.
And, of course, the big, big, big one is Bioshock Infinite.
So, of course, that stuff's going to be coming out.
And so you've got to figure, you know, it's going to be first or second quarter.
And, you know, estimating they've got some other 2K stuff.
Oh, shit, I completely forgot if, like, you know, XCOM's still in there somewhere.
And then I want to say, like, the summer games probably.
Spec Ops, they've still got in there somewhere in June, I believe.
I don't know.
A lot of it just sounds like speculation.
Unfortunately, because I do follow a lot of Grand Theft Auto communities and stuff, there is one person each week saying, I heard something from a random rock star employee.
And they're going to make these educated guesses so that if they're close, then yeah, people will say, hey, I said it first.
And if they're wrong, then no one will remember.
People have a need to be first sometimes.
Exactly.
I love some of the comments in our chatroom at chat.orangesentree.com Porkchop, what a delicious handle in the chatroom, says why would anyone waste time watching TV and Grand Theft Auto when you can go out and stomp hookers?
We actually did watch a lot of the TV when Dan was playing it.
It was funny.
You're boring.
You should be killing more hookers.
SSJ100Matt says, What Grand Theft Auto V really needs is the SimCity Action News Reporter.
Just saying.
God, I love your topical sense of humor.
I really do, because it gives me an excuse to play a clip from SimCity Action News.
And in other news today, SimCity had its Founders Day Parade.
Wait.
This just in.
Hold on.
folks, but I am told that Funzilla is cutting a path of destruction through SimCity, devastating the transportation system.
Apparently this 20-story lizard is picking up cars and buses and throwing them hundreds of yards as he moves closer to the SimCity Action Studios, which means that this is Carol Davenport signing off and getting the hell out of here.
Give her an Emmy.
Give her a goddamn Emmy.
Lifetime Achievement Award.
At least give her a series on Bravo.
Jurassic Park had just come out that same year, so that's funny.
DarkSakura is going to dive into the gaming vault and find a game that she thinks, hey!
You kids need to stop playing your Grand Theft Auto V's and your SimCity Action News's and you need to check out this awesomely classic game.
What is the classic game of the week?
Today's classic game is Star Fox.
Yay.
Fucking great choice.
Which came out as Starwing in Europe and Australia because there was a trademarked game that came out like in 1983. 1983.
StarFox
Star Fox is a rail shooter that used 3D polygon graphics.
It's the first Nintendo game to use full-on polygons.
And it was powered by the Super FX chip, which was basically a coprocessor so that it could handle it.
So, the characters were all designed by Takaya Imamura, based off of Kemono characters, basically, from old, I believe, 16th century Japanese art.
This is pretty cool.
You know, basically, anthropomorphic characters.
What?
Somebody in chat asked if they could do a barrel roll so I slapped them with a fish.
Okay, cool.
At any rate, this music is so epic.
I love the first level music.
The soundtrack was so fucking good.
Turn this up a little bit.
Sure.
This is like seriously my favorite music in the game.
What, the planet music?
The very first level.
Oh yeah, the music here.
The canary level.
The whole takeoff sequence and all that is awesome.
Let's listen here for a minute here.
Here's Mark.
Thanks.
Emergency.
This bridge has so much memories.
Seriously, the most epic music ever right here.
Shut up, Falco.
Shut up, Slippy.
I swear, I spent the whole game going, I freaking hate Slippy, die!
And shut up, Falco.
That was me the entire time I was playing this game.
Seriously, this music just evokes the... America!
Fuck yeah!
For a Japanese game, sure.
Anyway, it involves Fox McCloud, who is the leader of the Star Fox team.
And they have these ships called Arwings, which are really floating polygon-y things, and they're pretty cool.
And you've got thrusters and retro rockets that let you speed up or slow down.
And you've got bombs and pew-pew laser things.
You hear the pew-pew noises?
Pew, pew, pew, pew, pew!
You've got a little bit different thing in the damage on here.
You've actually got an energy shield that controls how much damage you can absorb before the craft destroys.
So you can bump into stuff and you take some damage, you don't just immediately explode.
Sometimes if your wings clip against certain obstacles, they'll break off and it will affect the handling of your Arwing, which was pretty innovative, I thought, for a game of its time.
The other thing that was interesting about this is that it didn't have a difficulty selection.
After you finished the first stage, you actually would pick a path that you could go on.
And so you could pick the easy option, the normal option, or the hard option, depending on which path you took.
So you could mix and match your game any way, and it had multiple patterns.
Outrun Outrun Outrun Outrun
So you also have your wingmen.
You have Peppy Hair, Slippy Toad, sucker, and Falco Lombardi, who I hated Falco so much.
And it was kind of cool because if you accidentally shot one of your guys, you wouldn't hurt him, but they would say, Hey, what are you doing shooting at me?
I'm Falco and I suck.
Hey, I suck at these things off my toes.
Yeah, you actually have to save your wingmen from being attacked by other enemies too, which was almost always slippy.
So yeah, so you have to help them so that they'll always be there with you.
And you even have, you know, your little flying formation thing, which is pretty cool.
So, anyway.
There were a few really neat things with this, too.
Like I said, it was using the Super FX chip.
It actually was based off on... There was a prototype on the NES that was called NES Glider that was inspired by a game called Star Glider.
And then they brought the prototype to this NES.
And once they...
They actually hired a company to create the Super FX chip so that they could have the 3D graphics in there.
It was actually a lot harder, a lot more powerful than the SNES processor.
There was a joke going around that the SNES was basically just a box to hold the chip.
Ima Mura Hajime Hirasawa
It was also stated by Miyamoto that he wanted to use animal characters since he didn't want to do conventional sci-fi with robots, monsters, and superheroes.
And so that's how it came about.
So, moving a little bit forward, there's secret levels in the game.
Did you ever do any of the secret levels, Rob?
I did.
Wasn't there the thing where you had to shoot the little planet, and the little planet that would pop out for like a half second, you had to do something, and you had to shoot it in the eye?
There were, okay.
If I remember this correctly, because keep in mind, it's been a while since I've done it.
To get to the black hole level, you have to shoot these rings.
There's a little central part.
Is this the slot machine level?
That's the slot machine.
I think that's the slot machine.
Yeah.
Is that going from the easy one to the... This video is somebody actually doing it.
So we'll... No, that's the first one.
The slot machine's later on.
Let me fast forward the video a little bit then.
Where's the slot machine?
Whoa.
Oh no, that's the one.
That's the slot machine one.
Yeah, I think somebody axes it here because here's the... Yeah, that's the slot machine.
Okay, anyway, let me... There was one where you have to shoot these certain rings a certain way and then fly through the center of the explosion and then this ugly-ass planet pops up that looks like... You know, it kind of looks like the moon from Majora's Mask.
It looks like a troll face to me.
to me it looks like the moon from Majora's Mask and you have to shoot it or fly into it or something and so you get to go to the first black hole and the black hole basically whatever different ring pops up in the black hole if you fly through it it warps you to that level shut up Slippy anyway
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
and all this crazy Mood 7.
And FX.
Exactly.
Wasn't there only one other game that had the FX chip in it?
That would be Stunt Race FX.
I think there was one more.
There was a robot game.
Oh yeah, there was.
You're right.
And keep in mind, there's the Star Fox 2 prototype.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
We had a number of Star Fox games come out since then.
Star Fox 2 was in the works for Super Nintendo.
Although the head programmer said that they actually finished the game.
There was Star Fox 64.
There's actually ROM dumps of Star Fox 2 that were from different stages of development.
And someone actually translated it and made a patch for it.
there is Star Fox on the GameCube that was Star Fox Adventures by Rare we had Star Fox Assault for the GameCube that was done by Namco and it was a third person shooter there was Star Fox Command that was on the DS and now there's Star Fox makes appearances in a micro game in Wario where Smooth moves and you fight basically the Nintendo robot who has a huge mungus zapper and that's it
All right.
A true classic.
Star Fox.
Again, one of those games I had to go, really?
She's never done Star Fox before?
I know.
I had to go, really?
I've never done Star Fox before?
So, yeah.
So, yeah, 200 episodes into this or whatever.
Also funny.
The Star Wing logo uses a completely different font than Star Fox.
Just saying.
Hmm.
Now, some folks in chat were like, boy, Nintendo really ruined this franchise.
You know, some of the Star Fox Adventures, of course, was not very well received.
And, you know, I think people liked Star Fox 64 enough.
And a lot of Star Fox 2 kind of went into that.
But, yeah, Star Fox Adventures wasn't really pretty.
So that's too bad.
Anyhow, we are going to take a quick break.
But don't go anywhere.
We got more Orange Lodge Radio to come.
Things that might actually be better than Star Fox.
Alright, maybe not, but they're still pretty good, so stick around.
We'll be right back after this with more of Orange Lounge Radio.
Welcome back, everybody, to Orange Lounge Radio.
We are live with episode number 451 for this March the 25th of 2012.
I know we can't play these live break songs that we do on the podcast, but we were playing some music from DDR days.
And by coincidence, I happened to pick songs that were both from Dance Dance Revolution third mix, Korean songs.
Um, and man, I miss those games.
I miss DDR back when it was so good.
And like that, that community and everything we had in the songs were like legit, like, like not everybody ever understood the songs.
I'm sure some of you listening to the show now probably go, really, you guys kind of like that music.
But like, there is just something about DDR music.
I can't explain it.
I can't put my finger on it.
But man, I miss those days.
But
It was actually asked by Technus, who has played a third mix machine that was not a Korean version?
Me.
They had one here locally somewhere, didn't they?
Well, the one that I played, I think it was AX2000, was a Japanese third mix from Arcade Infinity.
Ah, nice.
I did hear, I think, that they're trying to restart Arcade Infinity in another location or like something like it.
So that's cool.
I hope it happens.
We'll see.
Anyhow, let's get back into some gaming news with some rapid fire news.
Some quick stories for you guys.
Loki.
So, we heard about LittleBigPlanet carding, which was leaked out of the PlayStation event.
PlayStation event.
PlayStation event.
What the hell was it called?
Uh...
I can't remember.
Low-key PlayStation event.
Basically, it's going to be coming out on the Vita and PlayStation 3.
Not surprisingly enough, though, it's actually being done by United Front Games, who are the developers behind Mod Nation Racers.
So they kind of have a little bit of experience in play, share, create racing games.
Although, at the same time, that makes me a little worried because... Well, maybe they'll take some of the feedback from the last one and make it better.
You know?
Maybe?
Hopefully.
I mean, the trailer looks neat.
They have a trailer out for it now.
So it has potential.
I'm just really sad that Media Molecule is not having a lot of feedback on it.
At least I hope that they do.
I don't know.
It didn't really say.
Okay.
Destination PlayStation, that's what it was.
Destination PlayStation.
So yeah, they're going to be doing an Adventure Time game for Nintendo DS.
And it's being done by WayForward, who have... I guess they were behind some new... I'm trying to remember games they put out.
The Henry Hatsworth game, they had that come out.
so that was not a bad game and I haven't really said too much about what the game is although the creator of the show actually posted some really funny like animated gifs so neat I'm sure the game will be pretty awesome which is pretty cool it's a great cartoon
And last but not least, they announced that Max Payne 3 is going to have a new feature for the multiplayer.
They're going to have what they're calling crews.
And now what the Max Payne 3 crews are, are kind of like these multiplayer clans that you have that you can play through the game and kind of...
Thanks for watching!
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Last week or so, actually, this is kind of one thing that we didn't talk about, but on the hacking scene for Grand Theft Auto 4, they released online scripts for Grand Theft Auto 4 for multiplayer.
So you're going to see a lot more hacking shenanigans on Grand Theft Auto 4 if you're playing that online, which is kind of sad.
Because I legitimately had a really high rank on that game.
But unfortunately, you know, now anyone can game it to get the top of the leaderboard.
So it's kind of over and done for now.
But five, man, I am looking forward to playing five multiplayer for sure from day one.
But Max Beam 3, not much interest in that game.
Because it's not Grand Theft Auto.
All right.
Well, moving on to some other games, kind of in the same category as Grand Theft Auto, another Rockstar game.
L.A.
Noire is getting a touch-controlled version.
OnLive, of course, put out some various tablet apps, and Rockstar is doing a touch version of L.A.
Noire, making this kind of more of a touchscreen-friendly game or an iOS or whatever phone it is game.
OnLive says those controls are now available so you can play L.A.
Noire with OnLive Mobile and yeah you can swipe across the screen to do some motions I guess you don't need to use virtual buttons or a wireless controller or any of that you do need to buy L.A.
Noire if you want to play it and have an OnLive account and all that but it is interesting that they actually kind of adapted it however there are free trials for all the games and the OnLive client is free so you can check it out for free
Okay, that's good to know.
So if you want to see if this is up your alley.
I don't know if L.A.
Noire would work in touch motion for me, but okay.
The problem is it's L.A.
Noire.
The interrogation parts will be fine, but it's the rest of it.
I got bored with that game really fast.
All right, moving on.
Final Fantasy XIII 2.
What's funny is that I didn't finish XIII 2, and part of the reason I wasn't able to do it is because I got sucked into Mass Effect.
Well, worlds can now collide on March 27th.
They've announced that there will be Mass Effect 3 DLC for Final Fantasy XIII 2.
What? !
Yes, it's true.
It's not as big as you think, though.
It's just that now Sarah and Noel, who are of course the big two characters in the game, are going to get N7 armor that they can dress up in to make them look like Mass Effect characters.
And although there's a part of me that goes, that's stupid, there's another part of me that goes, but that's really awesome.
By the way, Mass Effect is not the only kind of game hopping that's going on.
Assassin's Creed Revelations outfits are supposed to be on their way.
And that's, I believe, only in Japan right now.
Right.
I don't think a date has been announced for the US.
It'll eventually happen, though.
Yeah.
What else is interesting?
I think this is really interesting.
Final Fantasy XIII's who got some other DLCers getting some that throws the game back to Final Fantasy VI, right?
Typhon Typhoon
but is the other I always see 1-0 so whatever but is the other character that will be available as well this is more of one of those arena fights and if you beat them in the arena then you can use them as your monsters because you know your third person can always be a monster so I thought it was kind of funny that they kind of went back to the past with that so that's pretty cool so there you go no announcement when that is out in the US March 27th in Japan however so probably soon thereafter
Thank you for watching!
They did post Capcom on their Street Fighter blog.
Luckily it sounds like something that's easily treatable.
Luckily, it also sounds like he didn't suffer from exhaustion the same way that that one guy did that's all over TV.
I was just going to make that joke.
But yeah, it's not something to really joke about in this guy's case, so too bad.
Hope he feels better.
Yeah, that's sad.
However you might feel about the game aside, he's better.
Well, both did suffer exhaustion while handling their fight sticks.
Stop it.
So, for a game coming out in Japan called, well actually I think it's coming out here too, it's by Platinum Games, Anarchy Reigns.
Famitsu put out images that Bayonetta is going to be in the game.
No other news about it, just, hi Bayonetta.
Sonic 1, 2, Sonic & Knuckles is gone, as well as the Master System version of Sonic 1.
which is too bad because you know it's impossible to get Sonic 1 on any other platform well there's no I mean the master system I know what you mean but you know what I mean but yeah but there's no word about it in the US or Europe yet but I'm sure it's gonna follow
and then fans of ThinkGeek who have, I'm sure, seen more and more and more Portal stuff pop up there.
I sure have, including an inflatable sentry and a little talking sentry plushie that I totally want.
The Portal gun is for sale for $140.
5,000 replicas have been made and somebody better buy me one for my birthday.
That's all I'm saying.
No secret what you want, huh?
Just saying.
Birthday's next month.
Let's go to the Fugle question of the week.
We missed it last week, but it's back tonight.
The Fugle question of the week.
Facebook and Google Plus get a question every week, and we read some of our favorite answers here on the program for you guys.
And if those in studio want to answer, I don't know if they did the question in advance.
It's kind of a toughie.
This is one that takes a little bit of thought tonight.
So we'll start at Google+, but Orange Launch Radio.
Google Question of the Week.
If you could go back and change a classic game's ending, since, you know, it's all the rage right now talking about changing the ending of games, what ending would you change and what would the new ending be?
And I said, let's stick to classics because we don't want to spoil any new games.
So I did force people to think classics.
It's interesting though, we got a lot of varied responses that kind of took the question in a different direction.
And Derek H. starts us off on Google in that direction.
Imagine some kid complaining after the planet exploded in Stargate or when Pauline kept getting kidnapped by Donkey Kong or that the ambulance always passed you in Turbo.
That would never happen because in those days gamers weren't spoiled little punks who need closure after having pretend sex with an alien.
So some pretty strong words there about back in my day, back in the old day.
that's true though, a lot of Atari 2600 games never ended, very few had an ending you know the ending, the only game I can think of, a couple of them that actually had endings oops, no, no holic during the foogle question, thank you um Pitfall and Pitfall 2 and at the end of Pitfall it just stops it freezes, I don't think there's anything to it and the ending of Pitfall 2 he jumps up and down, a lot and you won
It's because games back then were trying to recreate the arcade experience.
Games today are about touching you emotionally.
Alright, going to Facebook, reading some of the answers there.
Blue2 says, That's a tough one.
I can't think of any ending I would change.
However, like thousands of gamers out there, finish Half-Life already, Gabe.
So he kind of ignored the question of the week and just said finish Half-Life.
But actually, Alan was telling me about how Half-Life...
Half-Life 2 Episode 1 did kind of go back and patch a few things up from what was originally out there for Half-Life, so they've kind of tinkered with those endings before.
Let's see, Jim H answers on Facebook saying, Since I just beat it again yesterday, I would change the ending of Super Mario Bros.
2 so it isn't a dream at the end.
I know it was a different game they just plugged in Mario characters into, but since they did end up using enemies from the game in later sequels, it would be nice if it fit into the continuity better.
Oh yeah, the original, it was all a dream ending.
Mario 2, right?
Yeah.
Yeah.
I said noholic.
Thank you.
I'd change the ending of the original Super Mario Bros.
I'd make it so that when Mario saves Peach from Bowser, she tells her that he, I think he tells her that he is enrolling her in some Taekwondo lessons with Chun-Li, so that when Bowser tries to kidnap her, at least she'd be able to put up a fight, and she wouldn't get kidnapped so damn frequently, and Nintendo wouldn't have to whore the Mario series out so much.
Remember, she doesn't fight with Kung Fu, she fights with emotions.
That's right, Super Princess Peach, that's what we learned.
Lastly, Robert C. on Facebook says, I'd change the ending to Mortal Kombat.
The mandatory final fight would be between Katana and Sonya.
They'd suddenly both swap fighting styles to Brazilian Jutsu in a big pool of mud or jelly.
The final scene would obviously be a slow motion montage of them moving from fighting to kissing.
Cue the 70s porn music.
Oh, you.
I see what you did there.
It'd be kind of hot.
Any classic games you guys here in studio would want to change?
I know you haven't had a lot of time to think about the answer.
I would say let's go back to Ghosts and Goblins and give them proper grammar.
How's that sound?
That was part of the fun.
I guess that's true.
I can't really think of anything because you know what?
I'm not a little bitch with a sense of entitlement.
We're just having fun.
I will tell you which game needs another different ending.
The Legend of Zelda.
It needs a third quest.
Actually, I would give a better ending to Zelda A Link to the Past after how fucking hard that game is.
God.
Kind of get a shitty ending.
That game was epic.
I mean, yeah, don't get me wrong.
It's a fucking tremendous game, but kind of a crap ending.
So...
They really... You know what would be awesome?
Totally on a tangent here.
What?
Is they should totally go with the LittleBigPlanet style to like the Legend of Zelda games.
You know how they have a ton of ROM hacks and stuff like that with custom levels for the Legend of Zelda?
Why not have like a Legend of Zelda game that was like Link to the Past but with a ton of fucking custom games in there?
Oh, I know.
Because no one would ever play your new Zelda games because they'd be too busy enthralled with the custom made stuff.
You want the Legend of LittleBigPlanet?
I want The Legend of Zelda with a really kick-ass editor that's officially sanctioned.
I'm trying to think of just the endings of different games, and really I keep thinking back to how epic many of them were.
You know, like Hitler's head blowing up at the end of Bionic Commando?
Or how you felt bad for the baby Metroid when it got killed and...
It's all kinds of sad-facedness.
I would go back and make sure that every Silent Hill game had a dog ending.
Yes.
Actually, I would change the ending to Shattered Memories because I wanted to like that game a whole lot.
In fact, I think that the next Silent Hill game should be directed by Peter Molyneux and you should play as the dog.
I love the idea of a game called Silent Dog
This might be a dream game.
Hold on, hold up.
Alright, dream game.
Silent Dog.
The dog must confront the demons of its past.
All the legs they've peed on.
Chasing its tail.
Being chased by a faceless postman with claw hands.
Tires that they can just never catch.
Frisbees of doom with razor blades on them.
And mandatory, Akira Yamaoka is forced to do all the music.
because it's just not a Silent Hill game.
Really, it should just be the dog song throughout the whole game.
You know, we need to play that, Rob.
I don't think I have the dog ending music readily accessible.
Yes, you do.
You have YouTube.
Yes, you do.
You know, I would love to see like the saga of the UFO ending, Silent Hill the UFO.
That would just be great.
Hold on.
I'm finding it for you guys.
I'm just...
It was you the whole time?
Praying there's no, uh... There it is.
It would be awesome.
but we can't forget about the most important part of Silent Dog which I think is at the very end of the song I like that he growls at that one horrible guy
This is so great.
This is the canon ending to Silent Hill 2, right?
Yes.
Yes, absolutely.
Was it Silent Hill 3 that had like the... Here's the most important scene of the entire game.
Hold on.
Oh, does it do the chorus one more time?
Yes.
Oh, God.
I was wondering, I wonder if the voice actor has been changed for the dog in the HD collection.
Okay, here it is.
Ah.
Ah.
That's right, the all-important sex scene where the adults are having sex and the dog is just forced to watch with that blank expression on their face.
Like, what are my owners doing?
You know, actually, one of my LiveJournal icons is the dog and it says, Game Over.
As much as I love the dog ending, I still like the Silent Hill theme.
Silent Hill, Silent Hill.
From one of the UFO endings.
Anyhow, I don't know how we got on this topic, but Silent Dog, make it happen.
So we were going to get into news at some point, right?
News?
Yeah, we were talking about Silent Dog, so that is very important.
Oh, our dream game.
So...
Someone needs to explain to me once again why we have these online passes, because I swear, it's just like, I never hear anything going smoothly with them.
I mean, I don't understand, but whatever.
So, Ninja Gaiden 3 came out this week, and yeah, apparently no one could redeem the online passes for that game.
Not even the reviewers could redeem the online passes, because they had forgot to flip the switch to allow those passes to be redeemed.
haha um so yes none of the codes worked at all at launch I think they work now they may be working soon but as of you know earlier this week they were not working at all so fun um
MLB 12 The Show, another game with an online pass, also had its issues.
Apparently, the PlayStation 3 and Vita versions had a problem.
If the Vita players tried to redeem the online pass, they couldn't do it via the Vita.
They could only do it if they had a PlayStation 3.
But here's the funny thing.
If they did it via the PS3, it unlocked online play for the PS3 version that they don't own.
So yeah, apparently they were working out problems with that.
But I don't know.
It's interesting, I guess.
And then last but not least, there is one more game that had an online pass.
EA Sports MMA.
It had an online pass and it had online play.
It wasn't a very popular game.
And on April 13th, they will be shutting down the server for it.
It was on the failure board, sorry.
It seemed appropriate.
Other games that are going to be getting their servers shut down as well.
EA Create Game, which was supposed to take on LittleBigPlanet, and that sucked.
And EA Sports Active 2, which I didn't even know they had online.
And the Xbox Live Arcade game Spare Parts is also going to be getting its servers shut down.
On top of that, Boom Blox for the Wii, Burnout Revenge for Xbox 360.
Damn it, I own Boom Blox.
EA Sports Active NFL Training Camp for the Wii, FIFA 10 for the PSP and the Wii, Godfather 2 for the PC, PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360.
Need for Speed Pro Street on PS3 and 360, and the Saboteur for PS3 and 360 is going to lose access to the Midnight Club, which is some exclusive club, but that was in the game if you pre-ordered.
And then on the 31st, they're shutting down Battlefield 3 Aftershock for the iPad, iPhone, and iPod Touch.
and a few other iPad games.
But you know, that $10 that funds that online pass, it costs a lot to shut a server down.
Grand Theft Auto
They just re-released for free.
APB?
APB, yeah.
At least it wasn't that quick.
Dartetsuya in our chatroom says, I called that section the online pass blooper reel.
I have to admit, when I was reading all this news, all I could hear in my head was...
I mean, those poor bastards that are buying some of those games used, and now they're just going to be offline.
I mean, shutting down the servers is nothing new, but now we have a game that people paid $10 to play online, and it's not forever.
And I understand that these games may not have been popular or whatever, but...
And I'm sorry, that's nice that it might not have been popular, but you... I don't know, I mean, I guess eventually it has to happen.
Figure out a way to consolidate then.
I mean, I realize I'm talking out my ass here, but shouldn't there be a way where maybe you could consolidate some of the servers and just have a computer that runs for whatever occasional game?
You know, like combined...
Yeah, I mean, I can't imagine that, like, you know, EA, Sports MMA, and the reason they shut them down is because not many people are playing them right now, but there's still a few people playing them.
Just drop the amount of servers that you have.
Drop it to one.
You can only have one person play online at a time.
Well, I mean, still, that's better than none at all, and especially for people that paid.
Just unfortunate.
Alright, well anyhow, here's something else that's unfortunate and kind of along the same topic of something we were just talking about.
You know the Silent Hill HD collection just recently came out and apparently it's getting very, very mixed polarized reviews.
I haven't played it myself yet, so I can't say one way or the other, but you've got some people that are like, yay, it's Silent Hill, it's in HD, it looks great.
And some people are like, the game is fucking missing fog, the frame rate is hideous, the voice acting is terrible.
and it's gotten to the point, I don't know if you want to call this entitlement or what, Amazon.com is no longer stocking the game that just came out two weeks ago because there are too many user reports that there is a problem with the item.
So Amazon.com is doing an investigation to see if it's problematic.
It didn't even come out two weeks ago, it came out last week.
Oh my gosh.
and you know what though I have to agree with them as far as the fog thing goes because even the art director or whatever said hey we use a lot of transparent textures for fog and you can even see it there's a lot of objects that don't quite go all the way they're not complete objects because the fog would normally be obscuring them and so without the fog it looks like oh hey look I've got these telephone wires that just disappear what the hell that doesn't make any sense
but what's interesting I tried to go to like I wanted to see what the user feedback was so I went to Amazon.com to read some of the reviews and it's still kind of divided and like I don't know if that's like fanboys versus you know or what it is but it's very divided because for like let me go to Metacritic real fast and do Silent Hill
Now it should be noted, the PS3 one is getting more flack than the Xbox 360 one seems to be.
So just to kind of put that out there.
Yeah, the user score, 5.1.
Six positive reviews, five negative reviews.
So you have some people that are giving it 10s going, I don't understand why people are hating on this.
Konami says relive the two best horror games of all time, strong graphics.
And then you get some people that are bombing it, putting the game has far too many bugs to recommend to first timers or veterans alike.
0-0-10-10-0-10-9-0
And it's funny.
Nobody's in the middle.
They're either all the way here or all the way there.
That's a perfect example right there of what's wrong with review scores and what's wrong with review scores by just average people sometimes because those people are obviously fanboys because a game, trust me, that game doesn't warrant a 10 and it doesn't warrant a 0 either.
It's just ridiculous.
Yeah.
Critics 90, 80, 70
I think it's been more average for sure.
I think that's what I've been reading out on the internet too.
It's kind of like if you've never played Silent Hill and the old games are too hard to get now, then go ahead and play this, but otherwise get your PS2 and go hook up the old games because they were better.
I don't know.
Ramma in chat says, how the hell did they fuck this game up?
I'll never know.
Well, not putting Fog in there.
And I think, was that only on the PS3 version or something like that?
Like they were saying, oh, well, we had trouble rendering the Fog.
Like, why would you have trouble rendering the Fog on the PlayStation 3?
Here's my other concern.
Why did they feel the need then to put this game out now?
It's not like we have a shortage of Silent Hill in the world right now.
We just had Downpour.
We're gonna have the Vita game coming out.
Why does this need to be out right now?
Go back and make it right.
Let's just say for whatever reason, okay, we can't do the fog.
Did anybody that was QAing that game realize, hey, it looks a little fucking weird that something that's supposed to not be there or something that's supposed to be obscured by fog is just stopping in the middle of the air.
That doesn't make any sense.
Maybe we should, I don't know, recreate the object or something like that instead of porting all the assets over and going, eh, whatever, close enough.
You know what I mean?
Seriously, come on.
Just like spend the two seconds it would take to recreate the object or I don't know, go back and fix it.
Was the Metal Gear collection this bad?
It was fuzzy looking.
I didn't like the look of it, but I don't think it was this bad.
I honestly haven't seen because Dan keeps playing the MSX versions.
Does it really have the MSX games in there?
Yes.
In English?
Yes.
I think the Metal Gear Solid Collection got good reviews.
That's a great question.
Why is fog on the PS3 difficult?
Fog in the same way they did it on the PS2 is probably difficult, but okay.
Well, take the time to redo it if you're going to do this.
That's exactly my problem.
Just like those fucking people at Capcom...
They're complaining, well, we didn't know how to do local team play in Street Fighter Crosstek and we didn't want to bother to learn that.
Boo fucking hoo that you couldn't spend the time to figure out a program in your game.
If you can't do any goddamn programming, then quit.
Because seriously, you're of no use to us if you can't make a game.
Oh, we had to make new assets for this game.
You mean I couldn't just straight port the shit over and up-res the textures?
Yeah, you may have to do a little bit of work.
Porkchop in our chatroom says, Maybe we'll have a DLC bundle.
We'll call it the Fog and Dog Pack.
Maybe.
Acidic Vampire says, Maybe someone should file an issue with the Better Business Bureau and get the fog eventually implemented.
Don't give people ideas.
It's important to say this though.
Again, the reviews were half and half.
So not everybody's hating on it.
And Konami, they've had issues with the Silent Hill series.
They really have.
I mean... Well, Akira Yamaoka going somewhere else didn't help.
Yes, that's true.
I mean, and it's not our show role, but, you know, and as I mentioned weeks ago, the Vita version has been delayed.
That's right.
Again, right?
To May or something?
Well, the rumor is May right now, but I don't think there's actually a date yet for it.
Wow.
But yeah, the Vita version's been delayed.
They have one more chance.
Konami has one more chance at this HD collection thing.
They've got the Zone of Enders collection coming out in the fall.
So, cross fingers?
Yeah.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
You had fog obscuring it before It does also make me worry, like, if they can't render fucking fog, like, granted it's another company we're talking about here, but is that Final Fantasy X HD remake gonna blow?
And it's not that they couldn't render fog, they couldn't render enough fog, like, certain textures they couldn't render Needs more fog!
Seriously, it's like, how did you fuck this up?
Transparent textures, the PS3 just can't do that
or Konami doesn't know how to do that alright let's move into the mailbag speaking of strong opinions and so forth every week you guys send us emails mailbag at orange launch radio dot com and DarkSakura dives into the mailbag head first and picks oh she got a little sticky tonight picks a few of her favorite mails to read to us here in studio all two of them mailbag at orange launch radio dot com email us
Greetings, OLR.
It's your friendly neighborhood turtle.
Last year when I bought my beast video card for my PC, it came with Civ V. Rob, I'm sorry, but as much as I tried, I was always so bored by it.
Get out.
But last week, I found the answer.
QuickPace.
Ever since I found that little option, I can't stop playing the game.
Alright, you can stay.
I used to be a huge German board game player and this is a very involved board game to me.
And it was because you always talk about how great the game is.
Thank you very much for that.
Also, I have a request for OLR.
My wife of seven years just had her birthday and I was hoping that at the end of reading this email you could wish a very happy birthday to French Fry.
As always, you are an integral part of my week.
Your loyal turtle in Philly, Siri Turtle.
Happy birthday, French Fry.
What if I'm more of a fan of onion rings?
Can we give a shout out to Onion Ring?
Don't be a hoe.
All right.
Happy birthday, French fry.
Happy birthday, French fries.
I like the sea salted French fries a lot at Wendy's, just saying.
Last email.
Is there any relation to French toast?
This is me staring at Rob with a, you didn't just say that face.
This is me recycling the happy music.
Hearts.
I'm making hearts at Rob now.
Okay.
Boy, not eating makes you a bitch.
Doesn't?
I have lots of energy.
I've been drinking so much.
I'm just fucking with you.
All the times, by the way, that I've been quiet, I've been in the bathroom.
I'm doing nothing but drinking broth.
Okay.
Robert H.M.
here.
I'm peeing nothing but broth.
I said drinking nothing but broth.
Never mind.
Next email, yes.
I never heard your thoughts on the Muppets DLC pack for LittleBigPlanet 2.
Myself, I enjoyed it but haven't gotten to sit down to get everything yet.
Relatedly, is that a word, relatedly?
Sure.
How do you feel about the level pack DLC for the game and possibly others staying hosted on the server?
Such is that the levels out at the time were inaccessible during the PSN outage.
I guess the only positive is that one doesn't have to wait for hundreds of megabytes at PSN speeds to download.
It does update the game itself, though.
Or is the content now being loaded in and I have no idea what I'm writing about?
The LittleBigPlanet stuff is generally fun but frustrating content, especially trying to get all the prize items.
I actually had no idea.
Okay, confession time.
I loved LittleBigPlanet 1.
I still haven't bought LittleBigPlanet 2.
I'm waiting for it to go on sale, and every time I check, it's still like 50, 60 bucks.
Granted, it's the Game of the Year edition that comes with all the extra stuff, but I'm kind of waiting for it to get a little cheaper before I buy it.
I just totally missed it.
It came out at a time when a ton of other games came out.
So I never got around to getting it.
And I want to get it so I can check out this Muppets DLC and all that.
So I'm not going to sit here and make up an opinion on something I haven't played.
But I'm still interested in checking it out.
I'll put it that way.
As far as the server and stuff, I had no idea that was going on.
That's weird, though.
Why would you not...
I don't get it because you either have to download it to your drive or you have to download it to play it server-side even.
It's not like it's doing an on-live thing where it's streaming.
It's like... I don't think it could handle it.
That's weird.
That sounds very like Final Fight, Magic Sword, locks you out when PSN is down type of thing to maybe prevent hacking and cracking like what we're seeing happen with Street Fighter X Tekken.
And that's...
We've got something about that too coming up.
Sony needs to stop assuming that PSN is always going to be up because it's not.
Anyhow.
Very strange.
So anyway, that's the last email.
Alrighty.
Mailbag at orangelaunchradio.com to send us emails in the future.
Meanwhile, Loki.
Alright.
Let's talk a little bit about hacking.
Not necessarily...
Hacking of... Things that some people might find controversial, but fan-translated stuff, for example.
For example, there's two games that recently have been hacked to translate them into English because no English versions were made available.
One of those being...
Tales of Vesperia on the PS3 Tales of Vesperia of course came out on Xbox 360 in the US but never on the PS3 the PS3 version which I believe was superior to the Xbox 360 version had a lot more content to that was available in Japan so what people are doing of course is hacking the game to actually use the Xbox 360 translation
to translate the text in the PS3 version, and of course doing their own translation for the new content.
And it's funny, nothing said that actually the Xbox 360 translated version text was actually hidden in the PS3 code, because you know, you don't clean up your code.
So they're working on translating that.
They were originally doing the Tales of Graces, but since that actually did get localized over here, they stopped working on that when that announcement was made.
and I guess of course they're saying that this will have a patch to the game and of course it will require you to have a jailbroken PS3 with a firmware of 3.55 or lower and they're going to release documentation on how to patch your game if you wish to do so.
and then on top of that there of course is another fan translated thing that actually finished and that is Fatal Frame 4 Mask of the Lunar Eclipse has been translated into English for the Nintendo Wii and
There's a big ol' effort with that.
Of course, you have to patch a version of the game that you have dumped to an ISO, or you can always download a pre-patched version and run it from your hard drive because they made it so freaking easy to do that.
But, um...
I don't usually endorse the piracy of games, but if they're not going to release it here, they're not going to give you the opportunity.
What other choice do you have?
Exactly.
And I mean, if you had it before, then, you know, you might as well translate in English so you can actually understand it.
Also, it should be noted that they're also they have fully translated into Spanish and German and French translations are about halfway done as well.
So it's pretty interesting.
Alright, well Microsoft has put out an interesting patent.
You know, we sometimes get what's coming in the gaming industry from what's going on with patents.
And Microsoft has patented this weird helmet device.
It's a laser scanning virtual image display and it will display an image very close to your eyes.
Apparently, by doing this, the two displays could be in a helmet and you'd be able to see stereoscopic 3D.
It's kind of a similar trick to what the 3DS uses.
Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
Actually, I remember, okay, I remember, like, 20 years ago, renting from the local store, don't ask why we did this, but we rented a headset VR display, and all it was, you put this headset on, it fucking looked like something on Lawnmower Man, it was just a TV right in front of your eyes.
And it was the amazing VR display you could play Super Nintendo games on.
They had a VR type thing over at the boardwalk in Santa Cruz.
And you could play versions of Duke Nukem 3D or Quake.
And I actually played Quake on that.
And it was terrible.
It was like I had my eyes straight up to my PC screen.
And that was it.
I was going to say, yeah, it's so immersive with the 640x480 graphics.
And SGA100 Matt in our chatroom at chat.orange.radio.com brings up the virtual boy.
It was kind of a similar gag too.
This image may be partially transparent so you can see the world around you.
So that way you can play your game, man.
This sounds like something out of a science fiction movie.
It's a game from Star Trek.
So you can see the people laughing at you.
No, seriously, from Next Generation where they had the little thing that shot lasers in their eyes.
So you can see the people laughing at you for wearing a giant helmet.
Oh my god, Chiggers, at the exact same time you said that, Chiggers in chat said, it's like that Star Trek Next Generation episode and everybody will be zombies.
You guys are both really big nerds.
So...
Alright, so there you go.
Before you even say, oh, this is the next Xbox, no.
Sit down.
It's not.
No, we've been down that territory.
OMG, Microsoft Portable.
No.
Sit down.
God, you know, that Wii prototype, the one that was fake, would have been pretty fucking awesome.
DarkSakura, what do you have for us?
Well, as mentioned earlier, Capcom is cracking down.
Basically, a statement, and I actually did read this on the Capcom Unity forums, but they're talking about people using the downloadable characters on discs using hacked Xboxes.
and one of the big guys at Cat Community said quite ballsy for folks to be taking hacked Xbox 360s on live where they are detectable.
And they're also saying in any event we have open channels of communication with Microsoft on these issues Friday night.
And then they started asking people to take screenshots and record videos of the offenders but they closed the video and said oh we'll catch them ourselves.
They do realize that you can't take screenshots of a fucking Xbox 360, right?
Yes, you can.
Well, you can if you're a developer.
But, and what if you have one of those capture cards?
Okay, well, that's a capture card, but I'm talking about like, you can't just, it's not like that Vita where I can push two buttons and take a screenshot.
And it wouldn't... And there's iPhones and cameras.
And we wouldn't have this problem if they didn't put the DLC on the fucking disc.
I agree.
I agree.
And this smells a lot like CD Projekt Red a few months ago.
We're gonna catch those hackers!
And we're gonna let the hackers go.
They're gonna be Batman.
I'm Batman.
Well, I mean, I do agree with the point that you gotta be pretty bold to play this shit online.
Again, it's kind of that gamer mentality you see sometimes in some gamers where it's like, I gotta be the first, and I gotta, I'm gonna show these guys online that my penis is the biggest, and I'm using characters you're not supposed to have.
Rah!
You know, it's a little bit silly.
Look at my pain.
I'm back in.
Exactly.
But it's kind of a dumb thing to take it online where, you know, they're watching.
I like what Sugar says.
I will hit you with a coelacanth.
Zynga has purchased the company OMG Pop, the makers of the game Draw Something, and of course they purchased them for quite a bit of money, including approximately $200 million between a cash deal and $30 million or so for employee retention and payments.
And of course, you know, they're going to be working with them to create some new games, I guess.
In related news, I deleted Draw Something this week.
I was playing it pretty hardcore for a little bit.
I had like 15 games going at once.
It was crazy.
And I said, nope, I'm done.
By the way, there's another iPhone app you might want to check out if you are in the same boat I am.
It's called Sheradium.
CharaDium
But there's more paint styles and it's more of a robust paint program than Draw Something was.
You don't have to pay for extra colors and shit.
You have to pay for extra colors?
Oh yeah, and Draw Something, if you wanted more than just red, what was it?
Red, blue, yellow, and black were the only colors you could use.
If you wanted green and purple, you either saved up enough tokens from winning games or you had to pay 99 cents to get them.
That's hilarious.
Oh yeah.
And I knew people that had tons of colors.
Well, it's sad.
You know what?
Your money, spend, buy what you want.
And you know what, though?
I will say, but until the Zynga news, I bought, I spent 99 cents buying the legit, you know, ad-free draws because I'm like, this is a great new game.
I want to support this.
And then this happened.
I'm like, ugh.
I, honestly, I can't fault some of the employees at Zynga because, you know, they're just working, but it's, you know, obviously the higher ups that... Well, it's the...
GameStop GameStop GameStop GameStop
Just saying.
Very interesting.
I want some class action.
How do I get in on that?
Work for GameStop.
Well, they might try to go the other way around and sue me.
All right.
Anyhow, one more story for you guys tonight, and then we're going to open up the Skype line at 1-877-GAME-OLR or our username on Skype, Orange Lounge Radio.
But not just yet.
We have one more story for you guys tonight, and it's another fucking Kickstarter.
This is a trend.
I'm not liking this trend.
I'm just going to say I...
It's just too much.
Everybody in the world wants a piece of this Kickstarter thing.
And it's like, I'm sorry.
Those that got in on it early, like the Double Fine and stuff, good for them.
But now it's just getting old.
However, there may be some folks that are really into this.
So good for you guys.
Tex Murphy may make a comeback.
Big Finish Games is going to start up a Kickstarter page on May 15th.
That seems weird to me that you'd announce like six weeks in advance.
We're going to start a Kickstarter page.
But alright, they're going to round up funding for a sixth game in this full motion video adventure series.
Oh god, I remember these games.
Wow.
On May 15th, they're going to go live and you can donate to all this.
And the guy who plays Tex Murphy is on board.
And you can actually see him in a YouTube video where they're actually trying to kind of hawk the whole Kickstarter event.
So...
I don't know, it's like I don't want to hate Kickstarter but I just hate the trend I think is what it is and I don't hate every campaign on Kickstarter but there's some that are pretty gross but I've already talked about that on a previous episode there's one in particular I saw that was downright offensive and I think people who contributed to it I think in some ways got suckered and swindled but that's your choice, your money anyhow
Let's move on to happier topics.
Or maybe worse topics.
It's all up to you guys.
It's in the hands of the listeners.
Because the Skype line is open now at 1-877-GAME-OLR.
Or our username on Skype is Orange Lounge Radio.
All right.
And going to our chat room, DDR Dollar Bill says, I like the Tex Murphy games.
I'm not saying they were bad games.
It's just this trend is a little strange.
I'm not a big fan of this.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
I miss my games!
Cries.
I'm pretty happy with our Panasonic.
Toshiba makes good ones, too.
I mean, go look... If you've got a Fry's in town, go to Fry's.
They have specials all the damn time.
Yeah, don't buy anything on impulse.
It's so hard for me to recommend you a specific TV game or girl.
Do not get a Plasma.
Get an LCD.
It's so hard for me to recommend a TV gamer girl because I don't know what type of setup you have.
Do you have like a gigantic living room that you want a gigantic TV to fill?
Or do you want something for your bedroom that maybe you're not going to be able to use the living room an awful lot?
Like if you want a bedroom TV, maybe, and it's specifically for gaming because you said I miss my games, maybe you should look into that PlayStation monitor that's out.
I hear it's not terrible and you could do the whole 3D games if you have the consoles to support it.
But if you don't really have a PlayStation 3, then that TV is kind of a waste.
So something to think about.
Again, if you're going for a bedroom TV, why not go for a computer monitor?
You can get a cable that will hook an Xbox 360 up to the computer monitor as well as PlayStation 3 can hook up to a computer monitor, right, with a particular cable?
HDMI to DVI adapter
That will do it.
I'm sure we'll work with the USPS3s.
Brad from PodCulture in our chatroom suggests Vizio.
Best bang for the buck.
That's actually what we have.
I'm happy with the Vizio.
That's the way to do it.
Rama says Samsung.
Best TVs ever.
Chiggers says Sony Bravia all the way.
So, Gamer Girl, it's really hard when we don't know your circumstance and your budget to pinpoint one correct TV.
But do your research.
Do your research online.
Read reader reviews.
Don't go to the store on a whim and let the sales guy know, yeah, I need to get a new TV because I can't play games anymore because they are going to try to take it to the cleaners because they're going to know you need a new TV and they're going to be like, oh, this chick's not going to leave without one.
It's like shopping for a car.
Yeah, exactly.
Don't be afraid to say no and don't let them know you want it.
Exactly.
And don't buy a plasma.
Well now, some folks in the chat room disagree with you.
Legend of Zaku says, get a plasma, very little lag.
Chiggers agrees though, saying plasma hurts my eyes.
Niche, or Niche, I don't know if you've seen that, says plasma is better than LCD.
WTF.
Disagree, because with plasma you can also deal with more burn-in in some cases.
I would say also, Gamer Girl, go to the store and kind of look at the TVs, especially a place where you're less likely to get hounded, like Best Buy or even like Target.
Go to a furniture store.
Or a Walmart even.
I would never have thought to get TVs at a furniture store.
So yeah, go to a place where you're less likely to get hounded and just kind of look and go, oh, I like the look of this.
Because then you can make your own decision on plasma versus LCD.
Maybe you'll look at a plasma and go, I want this.
Then, you know, you can.
So I would do that.
I think a Target or a Walmart is a great place to look because you're not going to get hounded by salesmen.
You don't have to buy.
Just look.
In fact, the TVs at Walmart are probably not... I mean, they're cheap for a reason.
Remember that.
I actually super agree with Technus.
If you have a membership to Costco, Sam's Club, or BJ's, I recommend them because of the return policies.
Agree, agree, agree.
I think the best place in the world actually, and here we go with advertisements, but I'm saying it because I believe it, I think the best place in the world to get a TV is Costco.
because their return policy used to be a lot more generous than it is now.
Oh my God, I had a TV break like two years after I bought it and Costco took it back.
I was astounded.
They did that with us.
They didn't have our model anymore.
So we traded it in from a 58-inch to a 52-inch and paid just another $100.
Me too.
I was astounded.
So I don't think their policy is as generous anymore.
You have to have a receipt now.
Yeah.
But yeah, just the price and the fact you don't get hounded and the selection I think is a great place to try it.
Alright, anyhow.
Wow, the phone's not ringing.
I hope it's working.
1-877-GAME-OLR or our username on Skype is Orangetown Radio.
Or the listeners are just being shy tonight.
That's okay.
That happens sometimes.
It might have also just been a little bit of a slow news week.
You know what I mean?
Sometimes that happens.
Why don't you just call and ask me a question, people?
DarkSakura wants attention.
No, I'm just trying to get some life into the phone line.
I'm checking to make sure the 800 number is actually working because it's been having some problems lately.
Yeah, it's working.
We've got people who've got problems.
Anyhow, let's move on to a couple more tweets.
We have Tigerclaw links us to a story about NASA helped with Angry Birds space.
Oh yeah, that came out.
I forgot.
But Angry Birds Space did come out and apparently NASA collaborated in this with what's called a Space Act Agreement.
Why does NASA team up with this?
It saw an opportunity to teach kids about space, science, and the laws of physics.
And considering that NASA's kind of taken some hits lately with funding and all that, I can see why they'd want to get on board with this.
And you know, I...
If I was a kid, I'd be really into this, I think.
So I think this is actually a good thing.
I can't hate on this.
A comment from, what is this?
Space Station Trajectory Operations Officer.
It's a great way to demonstrate how we can use trajectories to get from one place to another.
It's a really good example of how interplanetary probes can take gravity assets from other, or gravity assists, excuse me, from other planets.
Hey, our phone line's lighting up now.
I think you're hemming and hawing work, DarkSakura.
We got a call.
Hi, you're on Orange Launch Radio.
Who's this?
Hi, this is Actdeft.
Hey, Actdeft.
What's up, buddy?
Just checking if Skype works.
Yes, thank you.
It does work.
We're good.
Well, what's on your mind?
What have you been playing lately?
Not much, really.
I have been playing mostly Team Fortress 2 on Steam.
And Forza 4.
Forza 4?
Yeah.
Forza, that's a series I never really got into because it's a little too pro for me.
But what do you like about Forza?
Forza 4.
Forza, pretty much, it's pretty much like Gran Turismo in the simulation sense.
It's very precise, and when you have to accelerate turns and all that, it's like driving a real car.
But the thing that Forza has as a series is that it has an arcade feel.
Are you a car guy in real life?
Do you like to mod cars and pimp your ride and all that?
Somewhat.
I do like cars, though I don't know that much to mod or modify cars like that.
But I am a car aficionado in real life, so I do know some stuff.
Okay, so yeah, I, you know, I just kind of noticed usually the people that get into these games are car aficionados and there's nothing wrong with that.
Cars can be very sexy machines.
Even I recognize that.
And, you know, I don't necessarily drive a state of the art car, but I was, I even parked next to a guy today.
I'm like, that's a sexy car.
If I had more money, I'd want that car.
But yeah, something that, like I said, for so fast, it doesn't feel like a simulation at all.
You have all the customization, you can paint your car, you can tune it out, and you can pretty much do everything with your car.
And it also drives like a real car.
But like I said, the moment you're playing the game,
and so on.
I was going to say, are you a fan of arcade racers?
Like, you know, the split seconds, the blurs, the burnouts of the world?
Yeah, I'm a fan of both type of games, really.
Though I do mostly play arcade racers like Ridge Racer, the Dirt Series, and all that.
Then tell me, am I right or am I right?
F-Zero needs to be a Wii U launch title.
Oh, yeah, it does.
Thank you very much.
Yeah, I've been hearing that, that's pretty good
I'm hearing, I was talking to Shane earlier about it, and he says the game's got a great sense of humor.
He says he's reminded of Earthbound in the sense of humor, and I'm like, ooh, that's a big name to invoke around Nintendo.
But that's pretty cool if it's got that sense of humor to it.
All right, well, anything else you want to share with our listeners tonight?
No, that will be all.
All right, well, take care, buddy.
Have a good one.
You too.
Thanks.
Bye.
I should have asked if he was into Mario Kart, too, because Mario Kart's kind of a racer that's a little bit toned down so everybody can get into it.
You know what I played randomly not that long ago was Mario Kart on the Wii again.
I hadn't played that in forever, but it's still all right.
One other tweet here from TigerClaw at Twitter.com slash OLR, where you guys can send us tweets every week.
Scammers attempt to trick fans with promise of new Mass Effect 3 endings.
Oh, this is terrible.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
to give us all your information so you can download the client, like your credit card number.
And some people, unfortunately, fall for it.
Well, it's happening with the Mass Effect 3 ending stuff.
I'll come back to this story in a minute, but we have another call coming in.
Hi, you're on Orange Lawns Radio.
Who's this?
Hey, hey, it's Ranma.
Hey, Ranma, what's up?
Not too much, not too much.
How about you, good friend?
Same old, same old.
Just working, sleeping, playing Mass Effect.
Aha, Mass Effect, I see that.
What's on your mind?
Not too much, I was pondering to call see if you had played Kid Icarus yet, because I'm more or less waiting on your review of the game before I go out and buy it, but from the last call you haven't popped it open yet, so I'm kind of anxious about it.
I will have a review next week, I promise.
I did buy it.
I took a leap of faith and bought it.
I got it on Amazon, which is kind of funny because I ended up getting, like, it was $39.99, right?
They refunded me $10 because I guess Best Buy or somebody else put it out cheaper.
So they have that whole, if it comes out cheaper somewhere else, we'll refund your money.
So I thought that was kind of interesting.
That would kind of explain why I could not find it in Best Buy the last couple of days.
Because I just decided to walk in and check.
Just out of idle curiosity.
Nope, didn't have it.
Well, that means it's selling.
Which I guess is a good sign.
I would like for the series to come back.
I'm hoping the game doesn't suck.
But the general consensus I'm reading on the internet is that the game is pretty damn good.
Good but the controls are so bad it ruins it for some people like it like there's a reason the game came with the little stand that's kind of the general consensus I'm hearing which is a little bit alarming if the controls are that bad it's going to ruin the game but it's good enough to further explore the concept is kind of what I'm getting.
Okay, I get it.
I get it now.
There's also the 3D re-release of the original Kid Icarus.
Apparently, it's not just the ROM.
I mean, this isn't a huge deal, but they went and added backgrounds, I guess, into it.
So they did kind of give it a little something-something they didn't have before.
That sounds interesting, because I'm kind of reminded of the times I used to sit there and play the Kid Icarus game for Game Boy.
Oh, yeah, the kind of overlooked sequel that really did come out, yeah.
Mm-hmm
it did have some weird quirky stuff in it but and it tried to do a lot like I think they kind of stretched themselves thin with suddenly it's a vertical scroller now it's a side scroller now it's a dungeon crawler now it's a shooter you know what I mean that's a bit of a mind fuck if you think about it it is but I mean for a child who is you know eight years old with mild ADD it was great pretty much maybe that's why it holds my attention so well
Since we're on the topic of 3DS games, I'll make this quick before I bounce off.
I finally got around to playing Super Mario 3D Land.
Ooh, what'd you think?
I kept saying that I want a 3D version of Super Mario 3.
That's what I've been screaming for.
And this game pretty much comes close to my inner Super Mario 3 fandom.
It comes close.
It's really good.
It is.
I really think people don't give it enough credit for what it's doing to the franchise as a whole.
I think it's really good.
One of my main issues with the game is that all the levels are straightforward.
I thought maybe you'd be able to go to 1-1 and 1-2.
You could just go down another direction, go to 1-4, this and that.
Oh, like in Mario 64, kind of?
No, more like the way it was in Mario 3.
Oh, I got you.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Have you finished the game yet or no?
I've fake finished it.
I don't want to say too much for spoiler reasons.
Okay.
Let me put it this way.
It's got a Symphony of the Night-esque thing going on.
Yeah, I know.
I'm playing through it again.
In the back of my mind, I'm like, I can't believe I'm going through the levels the way I am.
It's like the difficulty kind of jumps around.
And then at that last section, when I thought it was done, and then this whole more of it pops up, I'm like...
Nintendo, what the fuck?
Exactly.
What the fuck?
Yeah, right.
But that's great.
That's great.
You know, it's not often that games kind of invoke that feeling that you got when you realized, oh my god, Symphony of the Night, I'm not even halfway done.
It's awesome.
That's all I got to say.
Well, good luck.
And you know, if you do well enough, you might get to be Black Luigi playing Luigi.
I've already gotten to that part.
I mean, I like how they redid Luigi.
I like that.
It's more playable.
Anything else before we let you go tonight?
No, that's it.
All right.
Take care, buddy.
You too.
Bye.
Actdeft in our chatroom says, Rob, it's a Mario game.
Do we really need spoiler alerts for it?
Well, look, I'm just trying to be nice.
All right.
We have another call coming in.
Hi, you're on Orange Launch Radio.
Who's this?
This is Shane.
Hey, you've been calling a lot lately.
What's up?
I know, because I stay up later for some reason, which is probably why I fail at work more often than not.
It's all good.
This show's important, damn it.
Totally.
What's on your mind?
Kid Icarus
That's what our last caller wanted to know about.
What do you think about Kid Icarus?
It's fantastic.
The way they paced the game with the terrible control scheme, because let's just be honest, if a game makes you hurt your hands while playing on purpose, it's got a terrible control scheme.
but the writing is so good and I think the Earthbound comparison that I gave to you earlier is spot on because it's witty it's stupidly cheesy it makes terrible puns and it breaks the fourth wall constantly
That's pretty cool.
Maybe because Nintendo is, for whatever reason, and this makes me hurt to say, please don't be mad at me, fanboys, but maybe since Nintendo's kind of abandoned the Mother franchise, maybe they're bringing Kid Icarus in as kind of their silly...
Or do you think it's just because it's for four-year-olds?
I think it's because it's made by Sakurai is why.
You think?
Yeah.
All right.
Well, he's got a great sense of humor then.
To be fair, in the interest of full disclosure, you're a big fan of Power Rangers and Pokemon.
Yes.
So maybe the game's aimed at children.
I don't know.
When one of the lines is, it's like a birthday party where everybody's trying to kill me, I don't feel like that's really Pokemon.
Hey, Shane.
Yes.
Quick spoiler, because I forgot to talk about this last week during the segment that doesn't exist.
Which game are we spoiling?
Oh, real quick.
I was just going to say, hey, I bet you don't know that there's a Kinect version of Power Rangers Samurai coming out later this year.
You mean the game I feel the urge to pre-order now?
because I will totally morph and punch things in the air.
That's awesome.
You know, I played the crap out of the Super Nintendo one.
Oh yeah, that was great.
That was a really good beat-em-up.
And there was a Dairanger game that came out in Japan that I had the ROM for that I played the hell out of.
Pokemon!
Pokemon!
Well, yeah, because everybody should be excited about that.
And not to cross-promote shows or whatever, but I'm sure on Horde House we'll talk about this week.
They datamined some of the pet battle stuff, and it shows what's weak to what, what's strong against what, and some of the new attacks.
So Pokemon in World of Warcraft is just going to make my day.
S, Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
so gosh what else do I ask you about so thank you for the plug for Horde House that's good we always try to cross promote the shows and Kid Icarus so you think Kid Icarus because Ranma said he's waiting for my review to check it out but you're saying don't bother just go get it and you can play the game in 10 minute bursts so that way when your hand starts wanting to die you can take a break and it's okay
Yeah, and I really like the way they scale the difficulty for you.
There's no hard, easy mode.
There's this bar, and you wager hearts.
And by wagering hearts, you get better rewards.
And the more hearts you wager, the harder the game gets.
So if you lose, you lose a whole bunch of hearts.
But if you beat it, you get better rewards, and the difficulty just skyrockets.
I almost died on wagering to a 4.2 level difficulty.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
so she's like oh remember the eggplant wizard and the nurses and you know and it previously would heal you and he was like if it was like yeah you know I went there so often they named it after me and she's like what he's like hospital get it hospital
Oh my god, that is terrible.
Isn't it?
But it's just so funny when you're playing it.
It's like, are you kidding me?
This is great.
And it's all voice acted, right?
Yeah, there's not any text.
Oh, there's text, but I mean, it's all dialogue voice stuff.
Yeah, I gotcha, I gotcha.
or when you are scaling a wall in one of the flying stages and there's like enemies pouring down on you and you beat them all and you get to the top it's like yeah take that wall I'm like that sounds like something I would say that is something you would say actually very much yes
That also sounds like something Dan would say.
It does, it does.
Any online-ish components?
Street Pass, Spot Pass, any of that?
Yeah, it does have, I believe, an online multiplayer and a local multiplayer.
I haven't done them yet because I'm only to world four or five because I fell asleep.
And then went back to playing Mass Effect.
Yes, and then went back to playing Mass Effect.
it sounds like from everything I've read the multiplayer is really fun and a lot of the sort of high risk high reward stuff happens in that too because like if you take I guess one of your better weapons into multiplayer if you when you take a good weapon in there you take you have like a lower health bar so it expects if you have a good weapon you're going to be a better player
and I think that's really cool because if I'm going to have a god weapon I should only have a little bit of health because I earned that weapon.
Alright.
We've got to let you go to wrap up the show but quickly I know you said you weren't going to bring up Mass Effect but I just have to ask one Mass Effect related question.
Yes.
Jack is the greatest character ever.
Yes or yes?
What?
Sorry.
Say it again.
Jack is the greatest character ever.
Yes or yes?
No.
But I do like Jack better in two.
Don't like the listeners.
I mean three.
All right.
All right, have a good one, Shane.
You too.
All right, bye.
Bye.
That'll do it for the Skype line tonight.
Thanks to those guys that got through.
See, it was a little slow to begin, but then it started to fill up there at the end.
So don't be shy next week.
I've heard from some of my favorite people today.
Oh?
on the sky.
Oh, on the skyline, yeah.
I'm especially, I'm pleased slash angry with Shane because of all of the music that I got in trouble for buying on Amazon after being in a turntable with him.
Oh, were you guys turntabling this week?
We did two nights ago.
Nice.
Yeah.
Good time.
Or last night, I don't remember because I can't remember anything.
But I got in trouble for all the music I downloaded.
So I have good music, yay, but I'm poor, boo.
There is an unofficial official Turntable FM after party for Orange Lounge Radio that HitStun puts together.
So it's kind of one of those.
We endorse it.
It's not us doing it, but we endorse it.
I love Turntable FM.
It's a great site.
It's one of the greatest things to happen to music in a long time since iTunes.
Anyhow, I want to quickly say I never finished up the tweet from earlier that TigerClaw sent us, the whole scamming thing.
The new scam is Mass Effect 3, and there is a spam email going out, and I can't believe people are falling for this, but unfortunately it's working.
You download a zip file containing a password-protected downloader for the supposed new ending, and a text file in the zip tells you to go to a website where you do offers to get the ending.
I mean, this is shady as hell, right?
So, don't fall for this stuff.
And then I'm sure the executable is a virus.
If something legit happens, it will be all over the internet.
We'll not only report on it here on the show, but if you can't wait until Sunday, just, like, seriously.
The Mass Effect 3 stuff has been so big.
I don't know.
That sounds kind of legit to me.
I see stories on my news.google.com.
I used to kind of get the aggregate news a lot, and Mass Effect 3 is always in the technology stories.
So...
Anyhow, that's it.
That's it for calls.
That's it for tweets.
And I think that's it for another episode of OLR.
Quickly, though, before we wrap it up and say goodnight, I need to ask if there's any last-minute stories.
DarkSakura, Loki, any last-minute stories you want to get out tonight?
No.
Nothing I want to get out.
Geovidea in chat says it's happening for the Guild Wars 2 beta too.
That's unfortunate.
I really wish I was getting in that beta.
Maybe you'll get your zip file executable and you can download the password from a website.
Stop.
Then let's go around and get everybody's final thought.
DarkSakura, what's your final thought for the listeners tonight?
I want pizza.
Wait, we can't do final thoughts.
You know what?
We skipped something.
What?
We never did the FUs of the week.
Fuck.
I'm just not angsty, Rob.
Well, you can do a thank you.
Bless you or whatever it's called.
Actually, I do have a fuck you.
To the guy who was setting up the booth outside of Walmart that said, get rid of Obama, vote Republican, with the very poorly handwritten sign, first of all, if you want to draw the right attention, you need a better designed sign, just saying.
I really do feel great, except I'm hungry.
That's it.
Loki?
I guess FU to being tired I've had to work hard the last few days because I've had to watch Josh instead of going to work and giving at least a lunch break My FU of the week goes to internet drama because it's very very serious The internet's serious business It is serious business and our lives depend on internet drama
Porkchop in our chat says Orange Launch Radio is linked to aggressive and violent hosts.
Possibly.
Alright, last minute, or excuse me, now our final thoughts.
Because we did last minute stories.
Final thoughts.
So DarkSakura, you get another go at it.
What's your final thought?
Tea.
My final thought of the night is broccoli beef.
Loki, your final thought tonight.
there are a lot of good projects on Kickstarter so be sure to check out Kickstarter but there are a lot that seem you just have to look at it and how professionally it's being approached and stuff and some of them are quite sickening to the amount of money that they raise for what they've raised it for and for how long those certain things were going for prior to putting a Kickstarter up if you know what I mean I think that's as vague as I can get
Alright, and let's see.
My final thought tonight... Oh no, I did my final thought.
Hello.
Sorry, I got distracted by chat.
But I will say this.
This is the segment I always say at the end of every show.
It's the final, final thought from all of us.
If you like Orange Lounge Radio, please tell a friend or two or five about the show.
Thanks for watching!
And remember, portal gun for me for my birthday.
Yeah, that's right.
DarkSakura's birthday is in April.
So what can I say?
It's going to be a crazy month.
So we'll see you next week to do it all again here at Orange Lounge Radio.
Have a great week.
Be safe.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is an Orange Lounge production.
To join us for a live show, visit www.allgames.com Sunday nights at 6 p.m.
Pacific time.
or allgames.com but we're probably right anyway see you next week
