Orange Lounge Radio is taped live on Sunday nights and released to our podcast stream twice weekly.
To listen to the first half of this episode, visit www.orangeloungeradio.com for links to websites with listings of past episodes.
Now the conclusion of this week's episode of Orange Lounge Radio.
Welcome back to Orange Lounge Radio on this part B of our podcast.
We're live here on Sunday evening taping and some housekeeping items I've neglected to mention.
In part A of tonight's show.
I actually did a guest stint on another show this week so you should check that out.
It's called Ultimate Quest is the show.
And you've probably heard Footy Monster, maybe Xenocore call in this show.
Well they are hosts on another show over at All Games and it's called Ultimate Quest.
And that show should be out this week.
I think they said Monday night or Tuesday afternoon-ish so check them out at UltimateQuest.net.
We had a conversation about MMOs.
And you know I was kind of like the guy there that played WoW and Final Fantasy XI.
But it was a good panel because they had another guy that was like City of Heroes and a couple were playing Eve Online.
And you know lots of different MMOs being talked about.
We were kind of talking about societies and getting into a pretty in-depth discussion.
Good times, I approve.
So thanks to the kids at Ultimate Quest for having me on their program.
Now we can get back into some gaming news.
Alright, so Super Mario Galaxy of course is coming out not next week but the week after next.
And you know it's been revealed that there's going to be a certain hidden playable character in the game.
Apparently when you secure all 120 stars in the game, complete all the purple coin missions,
defeated Bowser a second time, you can play as Luigi.
And actually Luigi, he will jump higher and further, also runs faster but has trouble stopping.
And says otherwise they have the same moves but it actually makes the game a little bit harder.
That's kind of cool. That's just like Luigi in the Lost Levels or Super Mario Bros. 2 Japanese, however you want to call it.
Luigi jumped higher but he was harder to control.
He was like constantly on ice basically. Luigi on ice.
Luigi needs no sneakers.
Not just a palette swap.
At least it's not, you know, Luigi's Mansion.
Yeah that would be, I'm glad it's not Luigi's Mansion embedded in the game.
Although I don't know, part of me thinks Luigi's Mansion got a bad rap. I don't know.
I actually liked Luigi's Mansion until it got to the baby part and then the baby part kind of creeped me out.
Really? Well I thought you liked scary video games though.
There's a difference between stupid scary and like, I like Silent Hill and I like Resident Evil.
Mental screwing with your mind scary.
Well thanks to the ESRB ratings some new games have been leaked for upcoming US Virtual Console releases.
Alien Soldier is one of the games that is going to be coming to Virtual Console soon.
As well as Shining Force 2 and Bubble Bobble will be coming to Virtual Console.
And it is assumed that they have worked it out so that you can get past level 30 in the Virtual Console release of Bubble Bobble.
That's kind of a dated joke now. I wonder if people get that.
And apparently some late breaking news because we do tape live on Sunday nights.
Apparently some websites. Who put this, Go Nintendo?
Go Nintendo had a video or I should say a voice mail from Mario himself.
Charles Martinet.
Yes. Announcing Super Mario Bros. 3 will be out tomorrow.
I love Super Mario Bros. 3.
Mario 3 is fucking rad. I love playing through Mario 3 and not using warp zones.
Because I love Giant World. Who doesn't love Giant World?
Giant World is the best, but you know what? My favorite is going in Kuriboh's shoe.
There's only like one level in the whole game where you do that, huh?
It's not even a mandatory level, is it?
But with the Game Boy, with the Game Genie code back in the day, you could keep the shoe through other levels.
Awesome.
Which sort of made it stupid for the ones you have to fly to get to shit though.
Now all you need is to actually be able to play this game online.
Like imagine if you could be Mario and play against a Luigi that's millions of miles away.
You know that's not going to happen.
Fun. It should.
But will it?
I don't know.
Anyway, for UK Virtual Console, we've got some fun stuff.
Sonic 3D Flickies Island for 800 Wii points will be out.
The Sonic 3D games were sort of interesting.
They weren't really 3D, just sort of 3D. But anyway.
I can't believe it's not 3D.
Yeah, I can't believe it's not 3D, exactly.
And then we also have, as soon as it loads, Samurai Ghost, which was a TurboGrafx-16 game.
Which is a side-scrolling, you know, slash fighter shooter, you know, guy with a sword game.
And I think it's funny, the whole purpose of the game, according to the opening screen, is it's an order from the King of Heaven.
And then we have Art of Fighting, Neo Geo.
And I don't need to say anything more about Art of Fighting, because that's the game that gave us...
King.
No. Well, besides King, it gave us the two characters that spawned the introduction of Dan Hibiki in the Street Fighter series.
Which would be Ryo and Robert Garcia.
Was Dan supposed to be like a parody of them or something?
Yes, he was.
How funny.
Because Ryo was like a Ryu knock-off.
And Robert Garcia had, I guess, he had some other moves, so they actually combined the two characters into, you know, Mr. Sucktastic Godoken.
So I thought it was great.
And again, keep in mind, Dan's like one of my favorite characters, especially in Puzzle Fighter, because you have to be really freaking good to beat people in Puzzle Fighter using Dan.
Because he drops all red blocks.
So you have to drop a lot really fast.
Yeah, you have to be really good, and I can proudly say that I've beaten somebody using Devilot.
Or pray that a red, uh, a red break gem never falls.
Seriously.
But, you know, I digress.
Which is the whole point of the show, digression.
Awesome.
Anyways, so, you know, we don't really talk too much about Atari.
Well, they don't give us a lot that's worth talking about anymore.
In case you haven't heard, Atari, they have not too many licensed games out there.
I mean, I think the last few licensed games haven't been that great.
You know, what with the, um, they used to have the Driver series.
Of course, they lost the Driver series.
And now they're battling to retain the Dragon Ball Z license, because pretty much the only big game that they release every year is the Dragon Ball Z Budokai Tenkaichi game.
And now that might not be the case.
Just one? I thought every year they would release over 9000 of these games.
They may sell only over 9000, but no, I don't know.
It's kind of sad to see, because really all that they're going to be left after this is gone is pretty much alone in the dark.
You know what?
This is what I have to say, first of all, two things.
One about Dragon Ball Z and one about Atari.
Dragon Ball Z has been off the air in Japan when I graduated college.
Well, I didn't graduate college, but when I was out of high school.
No, I take that back because I had an episode taped off the TV.
Okay, the series ended in the mid-90s.
We are now in the late 2000s.
It's old. Drop it.
Well, they have Dragon Ball GT now.
It's Drag on Ball.
No, Dragon Ball GT has been over and done with for years.
Just find something.
Well, no, now we're getting Bleach, and Bleach is the new Dragon Ball.
But we're in the United States, not Japan.
But it still doesn't mean it's not even old over here.
It's still old.
You know, the whole thing is saturated.
And that and Atari, oh my God.
ActDef says in our chatroom, chat.orangetonsharing.com, ActDef says,
Atari, doing nothing since the 1980s.
And to tell Ranma, Dragon Ball GT, in my opinion, does kind of count,
because it was going back to the original, you know, flair of what Dragon Ball was.
But Dragon Ball Z was better.
Okay, I would like to make a point here real quick.
This is how bad this is going to be for Atari.
Okay, let me put it this way.
This is their big games for the fourth quarter.
You have Dragon Ball Z, Budokai Tenkai G3, okay.
Godzilla Unleashed, which is a Godzilla fighting game on PlayStation 2, the Wii, and the DS.
I kid you not, I kid you not, Jenga on the Wii and the DS.
I remember reporting on this game when it was first announced.
We were like, the fuck? Can't you just play, like, real Jenga?
Which I believe they did at the Penny Arcade Expo.
They played real Jenga.
And to be honest, then they also have another, like, classic compilation game coming through the PSP.
Because that's all that ever comes out of the PSP.
That's it.
That's all they have coming out of this here.
Alone in the Dark, whatever it is, Fie, or Alone in the Dark, New Alone in the Dark.
Alone in the Dark, Tim Curry's voice isn't in this game, so don't buy it.
Basically, right?
Okay, I have to make a correction and I have to do this by timeline.
Oh, you know, I got Alone in the Dark mixed up with Gabriel...
Never mind, forget it.
Gabriel Knight?
Yeah, forget it.
Okay.
Dragon Ball Z was replaced by Rurouni Kenshin.
Rurouni Kenshin was replaced by Naruto.
And now Bleach is doing its damnedest.
So that's the transition I'd like to point out.
Seriously, companies, stop making so many Naruto games.
I mean, there's, like, five every year.
Seriously, we don't need that many Naruto games.
I think I have, like, a stack of them in our vault collecting dust.
In the vault.
No, it really is the vault.
It's a whole room dedicated to my video game collection.
Alright.
Well, anyhow, you know, they say imitation is the finest form of flattery, but...
I don't know about this one, because apparently, there is now a... Walmart is now selling these little knockoff Wiimotes.
It's a device made by Toy Quest.
And what it is, it basically looks like a Wiimote, but it has a little LCD screen on the Wiimote.
And you actually play tennis with this Wiimote.
It's a little tiny LCD screen, but I don't even think it has motion control or whatever.
Because the screen is so fucking tiny.
It would be hilarious if it did.
If you swung it, how would you see it?
I'll swing it, and then, oh shit.
You know what? Someone needs to hack it to be a VMU emulator.
And put a chow on there.
Seriously, these things cost under $20.
I want to say it said it was, like, $7 for this thing.
And that might be too much for this.
So, I don't know about that.
But, yeah, if you want to...
Quality.
Let's say, like, you know, it might be a really cruel joke to play on someone.
Let's say you have this annoying little cousin that wants a Wii for Christmas.
You could get them this, and say, well, you know, Santa gave all the Wiis to the good kids.
Somebody had this left over for you to give to you.
Yeah, people should give, like, crappy useless toys to the bad children instead of coal.
Because you can actually use coal.
This is what you get for being a bad kid.
Is that like, you know, driving kids by a burned-out factory, telling them that Disneyland burned down or something?
No, that was deep thoughts.
I know that was deep thoughts.
With Jack Handy.
Anyhow, so yeah, those are kind of stupid.
And you know what?
These types of things, and these knock-offs, and these unoriginal bastards, and tiny little LCD screens that try to pass for a game.
These things just piss us off, and it makes us angsty.
And when we get mad, people die.
Or at least the FUs of the week are unleashed.
FU goes towards the digestion problems I inherited from my mother.
Mom, fuck your jeans.
I mean, I love you.
And her birthday tomorrow, so happy birthday to my mom, who will be 48.
Happy birthday, Jamie's mom.
But anyway, yeah, everything I eat really makes me sick, so I'm just gonna stop eating altogether.
Except for couscous.
I'm gonna be living on a solid diet of couscous and wonton soup.
Because those are two things that don't make me sick.
You can change what you look like.
Online multiplayer, you can change what you look like.
Put system link for some reason, and they're just like, ah, fuck it.
So, fuck them.
I continued FU to the bruise on my leg that still kind of hurts this week, but at least it's getting a little better.
Maybe I can roll my pants up far enough I can show you one.
Actually, I probably can't. My bruise is in here. I can't roll my pants up that far.
I might be a little too much skin for operator 11, so no show for you.
I was gonna say one more thing real quick.
What?
I tried to perform a level 3 execution on my wife's leg.
You know, Manhunt 2 reference.
She attacked her leg with her back claw, and it sliced it.
It looked like she was trying to cut her leg off or something.
What a kitty.
But, you know, without...
It was the cutest level 3 execution ever.
That's it. My FU just went to my bruise on my leg.
So, at least I don't have to have the Band-Aid on it anymore.
Puppy!
My FU goes to your neighborhood for there being no street lights and street signs covered by trees.
Because I almost got lost getting here because I couldn't read anything.
Yeah, I followed him all the way from the big main road over, and I was like,
Hey, I bet that's Puppy, because I saw the college sticker on your car.
And then I was like, he went right past Rob Street.
I almost went right past Rob Street.
It is kind of, yeah, they don't really have street lights here.
They didn't invent them yet, I guess, when these houses were built. What can I say?
It's rural.
And FU to the housing market, because I got scared a little bit.
And when half the people that I work with at my company got laid off this week.
No!
Well, I do drafting work for a carpenter.
And they just laid off a bunch of their foremen.
I hope I get laid off.
No, seriously, because if I get laid off, I get like three months of severance pay and collect unemployment while I start my massage business.
That'd be fantastic.
Awesome.
That would be nice.
Nice little cushion.
Alright, well that's going to do it for our FUs of the week.
Let's get back into some gaming news, shall we?
Shall we?
We shall.
We shall.
Dark Soccer, why don't you take it away?
I don't wanna.
You gotta.
Why?
Because I said so.
Okay, fine.
For anyone who follows the Child's Play charity, the 5th annual Child's Play charity drive is beginning.
Basically, the whole charity was the brainchild of the Penny Arcade powers that be.
And is now, you know, basically the gaming community's way of giving to those in need.
You know, for children who are in hospitals in 25 states and 5 countries.
So you can make your, you can donate your items through Amazon and it is considered a tax-deductible gift.
So keep that in mind if you have those deductions coming up.
The drive, sorry, is, their fundraiser dinner, I apologize, is set to take place on December 11th at the Washington State Convention and Trade Center in Seattle.
So go play.
Get the brainstorming, folks.
We need to think of what we here at OLR can do to help out this lovely charity that gives gamers a good name.
So we'll have to think of something we can donate or a fundraiser we can do.
Maybe we'll have a ditter-thon, a DDR-thon.
Wouldn't that be fun?
Okay, maybe not.
You never know.
You never know.
We'll think of something.
So one awesome game that's coming out this year has gone gold and that would be Crysis.
It's due out November 16th so I hope you have your new PC by now because you're going to need it.
And of course it will be the first game to utilize the CryEngine 2.
No, that's not the same engine used in Yaris.
That's a different CryEngine.
And of course, hopefully it will be coming to the console soon.
There is a single player demo that's available now which hackers have gone ahead
and poked their noses through some of the DirectX workaround codes inside there.
And they've found stuff like hidden weapons, vehicles, and bad guys from the full version.
So now with a little bit of cutting and pasting they're able to play with every gun in the game
as well as tanks and attack chopper.
Sounds like how I play games.
Yeah, it does.
All the guns and tank and attack chopper right next to me in Cooking Mama.
Awesome.
Well this might be a game that Loki is going to want to hack too.
I don't know.
But this is the American McGee version of Grimm and it's coming to GameTap.
I actually did play a little bit of GameTap this week so I actually saw this ad.
They're actually going to be releasing a 24 episode series of this.
So it's kind of like think Sam and Max but like really, really long.
It's going to start in 2008 in the spring and they're already running the ads on it.
And the little quote from the ad says,
This spring American McGee thrust you into an incredible adventure built around the world's best known fairy tales.
Meet Snow White, Cinderella, the Big Bad Wolf, and more of your favorites in 24 game episodes.
And of course American McGee did that Alice in Wonderland game that was pretty fucked.
So I'm sure you're going to see lots of your fairy tales done the right way.
Dark and gory the way they were originally.
I will be looking forward to, I imagine this is going to have to be in it,
The Hansel and Gretel because I can't wait to push the witch in the oven.
That'll be fun.
The original fairy tales were all kinds of messed up.
I mean who would read that to their children?
I would.
My mom handed me the book and said go read it and don't come bother me until you finish this chapter.
I would like to see the grim fairy tales done by Sam and Max because I think that would be awesome.
That would be kind of fun.
Anyways.
Sony is going to be doing an animated Resident Evil movie.
It's actually a CG animation.
They're calling it Biohazard Degeneration in Japan.
There's a presumption that it's going to be called Resident Evil Finding Necro over here.
Which is kind of a dumb name.
They said it's going to have groundbreaking visual effects and a brand new storyline.
So.
Oh well.
We'll see.
It's supposed to be out in 2008.
Nah, we won't see.
I don't really want to see it.
I mean I'm kind of over Resident Evil like 10 years ago.
I liked the last movie.
If you're over Resident Evil, perhaps you may be interested in a few other films that are coming.
Including Onimusha which is starting production in April.
Apparently they also have a poster now revealed for the Tekken movie.
Which the poster looks stupid.
I might add, it's a giant T that looks like it's being held up.
T for Tekken!
Wow!
It's creative.
Yay!
It's already down the road of DOA.
It's apparently the Onimusha adaption is expected to begin in April of 2008.
And of course Silent Hill director Christopher Gons is going to be at the helm.
Well that may not suck.
May not.
May not.
May not.
And unfortunately the Tekken poster, if I were to sum up the movie based on the poster,
I would say suck.
And based on the poster I'd be all, where's Big Bird?
To tell me, this episode was brought to you by the letter T and the number 69.
And how many times have fighting games made good movies?
Hey, I remember the Tekken anime that came out.
Well, animes are usually better than movies anyways.
The Tekken anime, my problem with that is that it was all completely done on computer,
and I prefer cel animation.
So, that's what was bad about that.
Yeah, it also had a lot of butt rock in it.
Well, the American one did.
Yeah, the US one.
Alright, well we're talking a lot about video games becoming movies, but now let's mention
movies becoming video games.
Pirates of the Caribbean, of course, actually that was a ride at Disneyland first and foremost.
Then it was a movie, and now it is an online MMO.
We've talked about this on the game before that it was coming.
It's now here.
If you want to check it out, piratesonline.com.
The basic game is free, but for $10 a month you get full access.
The game, by the way, is based off of the Toontown online engine,
so don't expect any cutting edge graphics.
I'm also wondering if it's based off Toontown online.
That probably means you can't actually type your own sentences.
You have to make things from the pre-rendered things that are in there
because we have to keep our children safe because these are Disney games.
Like using the Final Fantasy XI macros?
I don't know that for sure.
Don't quote me on that.
I don't know if that's the case in this game.
I don't know if any of our chatters have played it,
but I just know in Toontown that was the case.
I had a friend that played Toontown for a long-ass time, actually.
Pirates of the Caribbean, I wouldn't mind checking this out.
I would check it out, but puzzle pirates would probably still be better.
Maybe.
And plus, my fondness for Pirates of the Caribbean is the ride, not the movie.
I know that might be like blessed for me to some people,
but I could care less about John E. Depp.
Although he was a kind of cool addition to the ride
and some of the other stuff they added on the ride.
Anyhow, some of the stuff we're going to add to the Part B of our podcast tonight
is a segment we love and know and have here every week on the program.
It's the mailbag, and it's our chance to interact with you, the listener,
when you send us e-mails to mailbag at orangelaunchradio.com.
Dark Sakura will pull out a few of her favorite e-mails,
and this week she has to be really picky
because we actually got a lot of e-mails this week.
Yeah, I still have a number I'm going to have to end up reading.
Sadly, Dark Sakura is going to have to be a bit choosy this week
in what e-mails she's reading.
Wait, did we get any jokes?
We'll see.
We will see.
All right, well, we have one that says,
Hey guys, I was wondering if you could recommend some older 360 games
that might be worth picking up used.
I was thinking about PSU, but not sure if it was any good.
Thanks.
This comes from Mark.
PSU sucks, so don't play it.
You're not going to get a deal on PSU either
because you still have that $10 monthly fee.
I don't think you can get that used because of that.
I think there's that whole, I don't know.
No, you can't.
You can't because you have to register an account.
I'll give you mine.
Do you want my copy?
I don't want it. Maybe the listener does.
Get in touch with the listener.
You can also play the offline version for free,
so don't necessarily think you have to play it online.
Plus, the expansion is coming out here pretty soon.
They've already done a butt load.
My friend, Julie, Castame19, she plays a butt ton.
She is always on that fucking game whenever I'm on live.
She does nothing but play that game.
Wow, amazing.
She's like, that's her ever crack.
Tips from the chat room.
Rob with two B's is mentioning Circuit City has PSU on the cheap.
So if you're interested in that,
some of the folks are recommending some games.
Act Deft recommending Condemned.
DMN recommending Crackdown.
Crackdown is the I like jumping game.
I recommend staying the hell away from Perfect Dark Zero, first off.
I liked Perfect Dark Zero.
You would.
But I would suggest Marvel Ultimate Alliance.
To me, that is the best 360 title.
Burnout.
Yes.
Okay, I do like crashing.
Even if it is an old game with souped up graphics.
How about Test Drive Unlimited?
That was a good game that I think...
How about no?
How about Kiss My Butt?
If you want some older games that have dropped in price, Dead Rising.
Yeah, Dead Rising is a good one.
If you can find that.
Actually, Far Cry Instincts Predator wasn't that bad.
I thought you said good games.
And then I would also say probably not Prey, that's for sure.
Definitely not Chromehounds.
Hey, I liked Prey.
Definitely not Chromehounds.
Prey was like Ghetto Portal.
But I wouldn't buy Burnout, because there's a new Burnout game coming out in January.
I would say probably...
Gosh.
Okay, we've given enough suggestions.
Well, it's not that old, but Oblivion is also really good for a solo game.
Alright, you have plenty of suggestions.
We have an email from another Mark.
Your suggestion quota is up.
Hi, Mark.
Hi, it's amazing.
My brother and I were talking about Count Decula, but we couldn't remember the name.
We also said you can't do that on television.
Farf.
About Loki's a few of the week to women.
If you haven't learned by now, you will.
You as a male will always lose arguments against women.
I didn't believe it when people told me.
True statement.
But it's true.
Men are from Mars and women have already invaded it and destroyed all that are holy.
Of course we have, because we're excellent.
So, I'm trying to find more short ones, because we've got a couple of long ones.
Wait, hold on, because I'm trying to load a little something for that last emailer.
Because I played the You Can't Do That television theme earlier.
Castle Decula.
Home for many centuries to a dreadful dynasty of vicious...
Tell me you would not play a fucking video game based on this.
This would be awesome.
The castle of Decula.
Legend has it that these foul beings can be destroyed by escape through the heart or exposure to sub-light.
This does not suffice, however, for they may be brought back to life by means of a secret.
I apologize, the audio is so low.
Once a century, when the moon is in the eighth house...
We've been wearing blood.
Are you kidding?
The latest reincarnation did not run, according to plan.
Ooh.
Oh, it's a kitchen.
Here's the techno part.
Yes.
In the vampire hall of fame, yeah, there's not a vampire in the other house.
You won't bite me from there, cause he's a virgin, yeah.
And things never burn flat for a while.
If you're looking for someone, you can always count upon.
This is the most random opening of Decula.
Count Decula.
For anyone who doesn't know, God, it's so loud.
Count Decula was actually a character from Danger Mouse.
Awesome.
If anyone who ever watched Danger Mouse.
So this other one says the classic game of the week segment seems to be like obscure cult hit of the week.
It says will you be featuring games that are a little more known to us?
But it's cyberbots.
Yeah, like everybody knows cyberbots.
To be honest, I think part of the charm...
A lot of people know cyberbots.
Part of the charm is that she's featuring games that a lot of us miss.
To me, that's kind of the point.
I mean, if she were to go back and say today's classic game of the week is Contra.
Y'all fucking played Contra.
Maybe she'll feature it later.
I don't know.
I kind of like the obscurity for now.
Well, keep in mind that all of the classic games that I like are really the more obscure ones anyway.
So, of course, if I'm going to be picking out the games, I'm going to be picking out all the weird shit that I like.
You know, but I covered Fantasy Zone. That's not obscure.
Yeah.
You know, okay, I'll do Guardian Legend.
Even that's kind of obscure for some people, but...
This is my favorite game.
I say do what you want.
You know, I'm going to do what I want.
That's right. I'm going to do what I want.
But...
I go to school and I kill people.
I'm wrong with gangs.
Yo, and so you know what?
Yeah, I digitally inserted Jabba the Hutt back in Star Wars.
I'll do what I want.
I'm wrong with gangs.
To be fair, I do like a good number of, you know, I guess more mainstream titles.
You know, I won't do one of Colibri.
You know, if anyone remembers that 32X classic.
But, you know, I would do, you know, like Knuckles Chaotix.
Yeah, that one was cool.
Alright.
Or, you know, Space Harrier.
Thanks for the feedback, but she'll do what she wants.
But do yourself a favor.
Check out some of these obscure games because they were actually kind of fun.
Yeah, I mean, you can find emulators of Cotton.
Cotton's great.
Cotton came out in the U.S. on Neo Geo Pocket Color.
And on the...
No, just on Neo Geo Pocket Color.
You know what?
Don't bother defending.
Just say, I'm going to do what I want.
I'm saying how people can find these games easily.
Oh, okay.
So it did have U.S. release.
Anyway, this one comes from J-Rod.
Hi, J-Rod.
Love the show you guys put on.
I really dig how the show is live.
I have two guitars on my PS2 with both Guitar Hero 1 and 2.
Now, the problem is I don't have my PS2 anymore, but I do have a PS3, a 60 gig that can play
the old PS2 games.
Apparently, Sony and everyone else didn't bother to make an adapter to get the Guitar
Hero controllers to work on the PS3.
I was wondering if any of you guys had any first-hand experiences or knew anyone who
did with the aftermarket adapters out there and could give me a recommendation or review
of any of them.
Thanks and keep up the awesome show.
I think Pelican makes one that works.
There is an adapter out there I know that works.
I would bet money it causes a delay, though.
I don't think it did.
Really?
Yeah.
I know there's one that we did as a story a while back.
Luckily, I didn't actually bet the money.
That actually does work, so I don't know.
Xenocore in chat room.
See, well, we don't know.
We can always rely on chat room.
Xenocore in chat says, not true.
I have the adapter.
So there you have it.
Whatever.
I don't know.
Well, also, I think that it's great that there's a...
Sony doesn't love you there.
I also think it's fantastic that it says this email is sponsored by the Olive Garden, home
of the Neverending Salads.
I don't know why I find that funny.
Olive Garden.
Not for the Salads, though.
Do I know?
OLR, I appreciate that you guys tell us the Japanese release dates, but I was wondering
if you guys have any Japanese listeners, and I guess this comes from Thomas.
I think we do.
I'm pretty sure we do.
When we check the stats, we do see quite a number of connections from Japan, and we've
gotten emails from listeners in Japan before, too.
We've got people all over the world, because we are cool that way.
So now for the really freaking long emails.
How about that?
Yay.
Really freaking long email segment.
Dear OLR, pointing to a letter that was sent to you last week, it really assumes to me
that a fellow gamer can be so blatantly ignorant.
Has anyone ever considered the fact that one of the main reasons that Nintendo has managed
to stay afloat for so long is because of its first party games?
Starting with the Nintendo 64, the graphics of the system sucked.
The audio play was horrible, but it still managed to give you a few of the great franchises
that you and I loved, like Mario, Zelda, Metroid, and other well-known franchises, and bring
them, though it still looked horrible, the GameCube may have been a different story.
In my opinion, the GameCube was a great system, while not on par with that of the Xbox and
PlayStation 2, it had excellent graphics, and almost all games played in high frame
rate.
It was a big deal when Prime came out, because it was OMGZ Metroid.
It also brought your favorite franchise into beautiful 3D detail, but it would have been
so much better if they had online play.
I wouldn't have even bought my GameCube if it didn't have a new Metroid game.
Nintendo's first party developers have managed to bring back our favorite franchises and
make us love them that much more with each new title.
It's mainly because of the fact that Nintendo first party developers and the fact that they
make such great games are the only reason Nintendo managed this far.
Though I may not know everything, I just want to point out that these few details are far
as it goes with Nintendo's first party games and developers.
Let's just hope that it doesn't repeat any past mistakes.
To the Yaris, this is a letter that was sent to the Xbox Live Arcade.
It said,
Dear Xbox Live Arcade,
We have always had a great relationship.
The day I met you, you sent me Geometry Wars.
Now you sent me Yaris.
Does this mean you're breaking up with me?
Sincerely, Anonymous
Hi O.L.R., I love your show, y'all are amazing, do we have a southern guy?
Cool.
I listened to y'all everywhere I go, and named my firstborn daughter Skye.
Wow.
Send the birth certificate as proof, I don't believe it.
So on and so forth, pleasantries aside, to beat the proverbial dead horse, your qualms
concerning the term microtransactions would give even Captain Jean-Luc Picard a headache
of massive proportions.
Oh, not this debate again.
Granted, I agree with you wholeheartedly, Dark Soccer, that a transaction on any scale
is a transaction no matter the amount of money involved.
The term microtransaction is merely an industry buzzword to help encourage sales of downloadable
data, unlock content, buy the ignorant masses.
It's stupid, it's asinine, but it's business.
I agree.
That being said, to refer to microtransactions as being an SI unit, hence spouting, is a
microtransaction one millionth of a transaction as equally as asinine?
Well, true, yeah.
Would you say Halo 3 sold three gigacopies?
Okay.
Micro in this sense is not used as a prefix for an actual numerical factor such as centi,
milli, kilo, nano, etc., but more as a description of relative size in contrast with macro.
Refer to the established English terms of macroeconomics and microeconomics, if you
will.
But no one says microtransactions anyway.
Why?
Because as the English language is to buzzwords, human being is to a horribly grotesque cross-species
partial abortion, think Minotaur.
It never should have been and should have been put out of its misery, which I'm quite
sure the entirety of Orange Lodge Radio will be quite eager to do after reading this superfluous,
verbose, and...
Thank you, whoever emailed this animator to read these words.
Hey, I have very good pronunciation, thank you.
A mixationally nitpicky email comprised of run-on sentences.
I do have to agree with you there.
It is fairly run-on.
Although actually you are grammatically correct in your last sentence, I have to say.
I shall spare you any further opportunities to become tongue-tied and I wish you all the
best.
I look forward to each episode as eagerly as the cocaine addict awaits for his next
hit of snow.
Rubber Buggy Baby Bumpers, D.J.
Dysentery.
And by the way, you...
By the way...
Okay, he obviously was putting that in just to fuck with you.
By the way, you misspelled cocaine.
The end!
When did I go back to college English class?
I know, for real.
This reminds me of fan fiction.
I think someday, like, you know, when...
Wordy and pointless?
Inevitably, this show must end someday and obviously, you know, we don't want it to end
tomorrow, but inevitably we will go our separate ways someday and I totally see Dark Sakura
starting a grammar Nazi podcast.
There already is one.
Is there really?
I'm pretty sure there already is one.
I wouldn't be surprised.
There's also...
You can find a podcast, no, there is a grammar Nazi podcast because somebody has sent it
to me.
Where?
No, I'm not even kidding.
Where can I download it?
I can't remember who did it, but I listened to it about a year and a half ago where they
would receive emails about, you know, different grammatical mistakes and then try to give
you the proper way to say that and certain usages and when it's appropriate to use this
spelling or that spelling and I also found one that was all about the differences between
British English and American English.
Where can I get that podcast?
LOL.
You know what?
You can do what everybody else does and search for it on iTunes.
I don't want to.
I hate that my iPhone is making me use iTunes, though.
Can you continue?
What?
We is done.
Oh, no more emails?
We is done.
We is done.
We done good on those emails.
All right, if you want to email us, mailbag at orangelaungeradio.com.
Sorry to the people we didn't get to tonight.
There's just too damn many emails.
What can we say?
Back to the gaming news.
Anyways, with all these patches and stuff being applied to new games for the PlayStation
3 and games that you might already have on the PlayStation 3, to support the DualShock
3 has gotten a lot of people wondering, hey, maybe I can just import a Japanese DualShock
controller into my non-Japanese country and get to play these games with rumble-tastic
features sooner than everybody else.
Nope.
Because apparently importers like PlayASIA said they've already pre-sold their expected
supply and Sony, of course, doesn't support importing stuff, so you will not be able to
probably buy any anytime soon.
Because actually importers are charging upwards to $80 per joystick for what you would probably
normally get for $50 and I'm sure that's going to go up.
Of course, new games, they just had a patch for Resistance Fall Man that added rumble.
I know MotorStorm has rumble now.
There was a patch with Ratchet and Clank Future that has rumble.
Just fucking wait.
Why would they have to patch in rumble features?
Because you know the original 6-axis controller had no rumble, because rumble would interfere
with the tilt sensors somehow in this magical world, because you can't actually have tilt
and rumble in the same controller, oh wait, no, Nintendo did that, I'm sorry.
Just wait, really, I mean, playing Resistance Fall Man with rumble is not going to make
it like, oh my god, this is the best game ever now.
The only game I really want to play with rumble is Rez, and I would hand off the rumble to
someone else.
Because you know Rez is on the PS3.
We've all read that article.
Well we have a, I guess, late breaking news thing, I'm going to jump in here with something
that's panning out live while the show is going on.
I need like a fanfare or something, or we need something, I don't know.
What do we have?
How about a drum roll with a laptop?
I'm looking for a fanfare noise, hold on, let's see.
Like the little windows?
Oh here we go, yes, we've got it.
Now some late breaking news.
Act Deft is practically flooding our chat room with what is going on in the latest Game
Facts Battle.
You know, every damn year they do a character battle, every year.
This is the sixth year of the character battle, and what makes this year different is that
instead of two characters doing battle, it's groups of four, and then two emerge victorious.
Well we are now down to the final four, and typical winners Link and Cloud are in there,
they've both won before.
Solid Snake is also in the top four, but this is the amazing thing, is that this looks to
be the very first year that a Final Fantasy character or a Link character will not win
the character battle.
That is because with 45 minutes to go, and 33% of the vote, L-Block is winning the character
battle.
Yay!
So NBC News has declared an L-Block victory tonight in the great character battle elections.
Congratulations to the L-Block.
Did I miss something?
Seriously?
Because Tetris is a pone.
Because somehow an L-Block just fucking beat all these other characters, but I think, you
know what though, well deserved, honestly.
Well deserved, because Tetris is one of those games I think people forget, you know, that
is the casual game.
That was the casual game that really opened up the gaming door to a lot of people.
I'm just glad that news had nothing to do with Tingle, so that's, I thought for a second
there they were just going to be like, yeah, Tingle's going to win, and I'm like, fuck.
That's going to suck.
Well I can't wait for that, yeah.
That'll never happen.
This just in, I Have Judgment sold its millionth copy, hope you get the tights.
There's some interesting things about I Have Judgment too that I heard of.
Do you know how many people have come in to chat tonight and said, one down, 999,999 to
go.
Our whole contest has become counter productive.
We are driving sales of I Have Judgment.
I heard they have issues.
How so?
I heard they have a subscription.
They have similar issues to Rock Band and Guitar Hero 3.
Interesting.
Certain integral parts of...
They're not even going to be able to make a million of them.
You goddamn cheater.
Loki fucking cheated in this contest.
He knew they didn't have the parts to make a million of them.
How about I cleanse the pallet?
Asshole.
And didn't I say this was going to happen?
Didn't I tell you?
No, wait, I didn't, I'm sorry, I didn't do my actual story.
I have one question.
Oh, I thought you did.
No.
Well, fine.
I have to do the Famitsu story real quick.
Fine, do it.
You're going off on your tangents, confusing me.
Sorry.
Goddammit.
Chocolate.
Get the bitch some chocolate, Christ almighty.
But I'm not going to eat it.
Here you go.
And damn it, I accidentally closed the tab that had this story on it, now I can't even
do it.
Famitsu ran a list of the top 100 games that readers dig, and actually this is kind of
similar to the character battle because I believe all the top games were basically Final
Fantasy games and Zelda games.
I'm trying to bring up the list right now.
Our very own Dark Tetsuya pulled some highlights from the list for us here.
Let's see, at the top of the list, Final Fantasy X, followed by Final Fantasy VII, followed
by Dragon Quest III, followed by Dragon Quest VIII.
So the top four were all Squeenix games.
Then we have Machi, followed by Final Fantasy IV, Tactics Ogre, Final Fantasy III, Dragon
Quest VII, and then Legend of Zelda Ocarina of Time.
So basically half of the top ten were Final Fantasy or Dragon Quest games.
And almost all of them are RPGs.
Fuck that.
We're done.
We're that.
Anyway.
Other notable games on the chart, we should point out, Street Fighter II came in at number
20.
The Super Mario Brothers came in at 21.
Final Fantasy VI was in 25.
The fuck?
VI is like one of the best ones.
But Final Fantasy VII has more fandom-y stuff.
Oh well.
Japan, you screwed that up.
Chrono Trigger, number 28.
Kingdom Hearts II, number 29.
The original Legend of Zelda, 46.
51, Pokemon Red and Green.
And if you want to know where L-Block ended up on the Famitsu list, 96 was where Tetris
Game Boy ended up.
Gradius was on there.
Gradius was 98.
Super Mario Brothers 3 was 99.
I want to know where R-Type is.
Well, you'll just have to pick up this week's Famitsu magazine.
I don't want to go to San Francisco to go buy it.
Okay, you can do your story now.
Okay.
Now again, didn't I say this was going to happen?
And don't get me wrong, I love the technology.
I have one myself built into my PS3.
I love Blu-Ray.
But I also loved Betamax.
And Betamax was far superior to VHS.
I would also like to point out Dark Sakura has an impressive LaserDisc collection.
I do, because I used to go to anime conventions and they'd sell LaserDisc for five bucks a
piece.
So basically, if Dark Sakura likes your media format, you're fucked.
She probably has a collection of 8-tracks somewhere.
LaserDisc did last for a while.
It was the enthusiast format.
You could saw off someone's head with one of those things, too.
Yeah, they were pretty heavy.
What ever happened to VideoDisc?
Can you imagine?
We rented Dumbo on VideoDisc once.
I'll never forget it.
Hey, remember this big plastic-coated...
Yeah, they were like LaserDiscs but in a giant plastic tray.
Hey, can you imagine if they had a Blu-Ray that was the size of a LaserDisc?
How much fucking space you can have on there?
Yeah, that's in the next PlayStation 4.
Yo, what the fuck is this giant slot in here for?
Here's the games!
These are all of our releases for the year!
Enjoy.
That would fucking rock.
I hope PlayStation 4 has those large pizza-sized discs.
I want my next system to be the size of three Atari 5200s.
The end.
I want to weigh as much as ten Xboxes.
I want to have to get a dolly to put this thing in my house.
You know the Xbox is larger than an Atari 5200, but not wider.
Tangent, what were you going to say about Blu-Ray?
Kmart's not selling them anymore, so anyone...
Whatever, you know, no one really shops at Kmart.
I didn't know Kmart was still around.
I love the personal opinion that gets interjected in this show.
Okay, I take that back.
Here's tonight's news.
Kmart pulled Blu-Ray, whatever, no one shops at Kmart.
I take that back.
I did buy pillows at Kmart because they were on sale, and I bought my sheets for my massage
at Kmart, but other than that, no one shops at Kmart.
Okay, I don't know if Kmart's exactly the demographic for Blu-Ray.
That's exactly what I'm saying.
Who thinks, gee, I'm going to go get a Blu-Ray player, where can I get a really good top-of-line
Blu-Ray player that's, I'm going to go to Kmart?
Well, keep in mind, even though Kmart did declare bankruptcy, they did go back and buy
Sears, so...
Okay, if I want an Icee, I'll go to Kmart.
I go there to buy sheets from my massage table, and that's about it.
Or if, heaven forbid, I want something from the Martha Stewart collection, I'll go to
Kmart.
My pillows.
Or if I want to go laugh at the poor people.
Just kidding.
I'm among you.
And Rama is yelling in chat, hey, damn it.
I shop at Kmart.
Raven's Dolphin says, shit, I shop at Kmart.
Much like I go back to the conversation we had in part A, where I said, LARPing, something
you don't really want to admit to.
You know what?
Here's the reason why I don't, okay, here's the reason why I don't shop at Kmart anymore,
even though this isn't supposed to be an Instagram podcast.
Dude, they have little Caesars.
Okay.
That's why I shop at Kmart.
Actually, I do also sometimes buy my DVR discs for my camera.
Okay, here's the thing.
I used to, my fondest memories of going to Kmart, going shopping were in the 80s.
Like we used to go, you know, it'd be like a big department store trip day, we're going
to go to Kmart.
Here's the problem.
There's a reason why I don't shop at Kmart anymore, because the store hasn't fucking
changed a thing since the 80s, besides what's on the shelves.
No, not even the clothes.
Except.
Yes.
I did find a cute sweater there, but it also was like one of those 80s revival styles.
I think I saw some underwear for sale that was actually from the 80s.
I bought socks.
You can buy socks at Kmart, because socks, you know, are socks.
I think they actually still have those doors that you have to like step on the mat where
it triggers the door before infrared technology or something like that.
Okay, can we move on before we get the hate mail from Kmart?
Okay, they're not carrying Blu-ray players anymore, so whatever.
Yeah, the hate mail from that one Kmart person.
Okay.
Anyways, here's some exciting news, and I'm going to say this is very specific.
It has nothing to do with Kmart.
It has nothing to do with Kmart.
LucasArts and Bioware are teaming up for something.
Yes, that's right.
They're working on an undisclosed interactive entertainment product.
But it's LucasArts and Bioware, so what else do we know?
It's going to be awesome.
It's going to be like Knights of the Old Republic or something like that.
It's Knights of the Old Indiana Jones Republic, that's right.
I feel the need to say something nice about Kmart now.
They do carry the Diet Cranberry Serumist.
I will pre-order the LucasArts Bioware game at Kmart, no I won't.
But I will tell you one thing that Kmart is good for.
They don't care about street dates because that's where I got Serenity like two weeks
before it came out and I got it as an early Christmas gift for Xtrafer and he was all
excited because he had Serenity on DVD for any of his friends.
I'm sorry, LucasArts?
They're making something.
Okay.
Hooray!
Rumors, rumors, rumors, and this rumor has something to do with Oblivion, that's right,
The Elder Scrolls Oblivion, the game that just won't stay out in the news.
This game has been making headlines since it came out and now it should be noted that
the parent company of Bethesda Softworks, that's ZeniMax Media, has registered the domain
name Elderscrollsonline.com.
Oh my God!
A website.
Could this mean that Elder Scrolls Oblivion could make its way online, be an MMO?
Hell, somebody already hacked the game to do this on the PC version.
Could this be a further way to milk the Oblivion franchise?
Who knows?
It could give World of Warcraft a run for their money.
Puppy, how many hours have you spent on Oblivion?
A lot.
A lot.
Let's leave a lot, right?
A lot in a two week span of time, yes.
So what would you think of this?
If there was an Oblivion online, would you play it or is this jumping the shark?
I don't know.
It would, with as much, you'll play it, characterization and customization there is, I don't know.
They would have to do a lot to expand the world because running around in the worlds
in Oblivion, it's like running, running, running, running, tree, rock, tree, rock, oh look a
rabbit run, run, run, run, run, run, oh look, hey look, a dungeon, we're going to be punching
horses online, in the face, a sheep tossing contest would be fun, good times.
Yeah, but you know what it doesn't have?
You can't kick bugs in the face.
You can kick sheep in the face, probably.
They're big enough to kick.
You can't kick bees in the face.
You can't, Aragorondo.
Sorry, I'm looking at chat right now.
I got to go back to the Kmart thing because this shit's funny.
SSJ100Matt in chat says, Kmart still sells Rockus Dukakis shirts.
Hilarity.
Robwood2B says, I go to Kmart to trip over stuff in the aisles.
Blue Light Special.
Okay, anyway, sorry.
Okay, so Elder Scrolls may be online, at least if recent domain names are to be believed.
Skypline is opening soon, you can call us at 1-877-GAME-OLR, our user name on Skype
is OrangeLoungeRadio.
We have a couple more stories before we get there, right Jamie?
Yes, if someone would stop hogging the mic, puppy.
You know, you're no longer a foreign correspondent, you live in my town now.
You can be our resident puppy.
Video game story.
Hey Rob, guess what?
What?
Kmart.
Okay, so Namco Bandai, dun dun dun.
I agree with Misty, why would you want to kick a bee in the face anyway?
Just because it's the act of kicking a bee in the face.
Oh, well shit, I'm so sorry.
Just because it's the novelty.
How dare I?
What?
I don't know, Loki, you're just like, you're looking patient over there like, I want this
show to finish.
No, he's watching that video again.
I'm not watching that video again.
Okay.
Namco Bandai.
Yes, Namco Bandai.
I have announced a Wii exclusive, Soul Calibur Legends, which is very, very happy.
We will have everybody so far, hopefully new people.
Wait, I think we're getting some late breaking news, Rob.
Oh yes, oh sorry.
Late breaking news.
I'm sorry, here's...
We go to our correspondent, Loki, live in the OLR studio with late breaking news.
Yes, apparently the reaction to Soul Calibur Legends going gold is, what could he do?
Who gives a fuck?
It's going to be crappy anyways.
Hey, did anyone remember, what was that, that stupid game with, it's like a spinoff of Tekken?
God, I've blocked it from my brain, but...
Oh, the one that had Nina, it starred Nina, didn't it?
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah, Death by Degrees.
Thank you.
Death by Degrees.
Yeah, yeah.
That's this game all over again.
Yeah.
Ivy, Death by Degrees.
No.
But will she have the whip?
That's all we need to know.
I actually kind of wanted Death by Degrees just because of me being a big Tekken nerd.
I even have this, okay, I even have the dumb Tekken game that was on Wonderswan.
That's pretty sad.
It was like Tekken Kart.
That's like buying Tekken on your cell phone.
Alright.
Does it come on cell phone?
Quick, another story, then the Skype line.
Anyways, um, yes.
So this totally, I don't know, perpetuates all those stereotypes of Halo 3 players.
Apparently a child assaulted his mother and attacked the police because he was ordered
to stop playing Halo 3, which right there, you had it coming.
I mean, seriously, you're making your child play a mature rated game, or I should say
you're allowing your child to play a mature rated game.
Um, the trouble began when the youth was told by his mother to turn off his Xbox 360 as
it was getting late.
After he refused, his mother took his AirCard, which is apparently an adapter you can use
for your cell phone to get Wi-Fi, from the 360, preventing him from playing online and
prompting a fit of rage that would see the child frantically search through the house
before punching his mom in the face.
The kid then retreated to his room, but soon had to deal with the local sheriff deputies
who his mom had called following the assault.
Deputies entered his room using a key kept by the mother, but also fell foul to the youth's
rage.
He managed to punch one of the deputies square in the face, which then he was restrained
and handcuffed.
He would later be turned over to the state juvenile authorities of charges of battery
hunting domestic violence and battery on a law enforcement officer.
God, kids these days.
Kids do the darndest things.
But now I can just imagine people on Halo yelling, oh you stupid mother puncher!
Well dude this is stupid anyways, I mean your fucking kid is like playing Halo and it's
a mature rated game.
Oh my god, it must be the violence of the game that caused him to punch his mom in the
face.
What I really want to know is what have they been doing to their child up to that point
that they would have a violent reaction or maybe their child already had psychological
problems.
You know.
Took them to Kmart.
Here's our new O.L.R. in joke.
We have Kmart.
Hey Timmy, it's Disneyland.
This is Kmart.
No it's Disneyland.
Kmart.
No Disneyland.
Go play.
But it seems to me that there had to have been a pre-existing problem for their child
to react that way because I have seen children play Halo 3 and been just fine and not want
to punch anybody when their parents said, okay we can't play on Dan's Xbox anymore.
But mom, I was fragging some fucking noobs.
You know, Dan's little, his cousin's kid comes over and plays games at our house sometimes.
And has he ever punched you in the face?
No.
He's always been well behaved.
That's because his parents teach him right.
I think it's a fault with the parents but I do think it's good that she did call, you
know, have him actually, you know, stand accountable for what he did.
Shadow Charlie asks, how old was this kid?
The age and name were withheld.
I heard he was just 15 or something like that.
I heard, you suck.
Oh, your mom.
It was some Florida kid.
Indian River County website.
They have a website for Indian River County for Florida.
Where to stay, where to dine, what to do.
Discover our lifestyle choices including dying with pictures of old people on a golf course
and on a beach and in a dining room.
Dying.
Sorry.
Lordy, lordy, lordy.
All right, let's open up the Skype line.
If you want to give us a call, the phone number is 1-877-GAME-OLR or our user name on Skype.
Skype is OrangeLoungeRadio and you can comment on any of tonight's stories or you can make
a Kmart joke.
I don't really care.
Tonight, after tonight's show, I'm like crying from laughing so hard.
It's not that funny.
I know I'm going to be listening to this show like in the car later so I'm going to go,
this show really wasn't that funny.
Why were you laughing so much?
Hi, you're on OrangeLoungeRadio, who's this?
It's the Midnight Special, Raven's Dolphin.
Hi, Midnight Special, Raven's Dolphin.
Did you just get back from Kmart?
Yes, I just got back from Kmart and guess what, there is no blue-way players.
All right, what's on your mind, Raven's Dolphin?
Mario Galaxy.
That's what's on my mind.
Ah, yes, you are Mr. Gay is Mario Galaxy.
I know, but let's not go there.
All right, what about Mario Galaxy?
Did you realize that the, I know Jamie said that she's getting a retail copy at her store
so I actually got the chance to play it at a GameStop.
And what did you think, young man?
I think the game looked great.
I love the controls.
I think the game just looked great.
I mean, well, the game was on HGTV so it left a lot to be desired, which was a little sad,
a little sad about that, but the controls were great.
Everything was great about it.
Is this a game the kids across the country are going to be craving come this Christmas
season?
Craving, they're going to be dying for it.
You're going to be shooting each other like they were PS3s?
I don't know.
Well, I mean, you know, if you want to get the game, just never mind.
I was going to make a joke, but I'm beating that joke on the ground.
So Super Mario Galaxy, so awesome.
You'll punch your mother in the face just to play some more.
Is it?
Yeah.
Is the game that great?
Is it worth punching your mom in the face over?
I think so.
Let's go ahead and call his mom so that we know to hide what your child is saying.
All right.
What else did you call in to tell us about Ravenstaufen?
You just wanted to say that Mario Galaxy is cool?
Mario Galaxy and Phoenix, sorry, Charles and Turb about is very good.
Music's phenomenal.
You know Shane, who used to guest on this show a lot before he moved back to Kansas?
We have a Ventrilo server for World of Warcraft slash Final Fantasy XI, basically.
Be careful on those.
Yeah.
No, I want Ventrilo harassment guy to sign on to our Ventrilo.
I'm like, roll out the fucking red carpet for him.
I think that guy's fucking hilarious.
But anyway, I would be so honored if he came on and I'd be like, yay, it's Ventrilo harassment
guy.
Anyway, the thing about Shane though is that he has been signing on to Ventrilo this week
and we're like, Shane, where are you?
You're not in WoW and you're not playing Final Fantasy XI either.
He's like, oh, I'm playing Phoenix, right?
Right.
We're like, why are you signed on to Vent?
He's like, I don't know.
I just, you know, I'm playing Phoenix, right?
I just thought I'd say hello.
It's like, okay, I got to go.
I got a case.
You know what I need to do?
What?
I need to play Guild Wars and Ragnarok at the same time.
At the same time?
At the same time.
That'd be pretty hardcore.
All right.
One more thing.
Anything else you want to share with our listeners tonight, Ravensdolvin?
One more, one more.
You were talking about Count Ducula and all those good shows that's coming back.
Fuck yeah, we were.
I would love to see a Count Ducula show.
I mean, you know, we've been doing, I've been doing this experimental podcast called the
Cartoon Cast.
So we've been talking about Count Ducula and showing old cartoons like that.
So I would love to see a Count Ducula game.
Who wouldn't?
Me.
This is my favorite part.
I would not like to see a Count Ducula game.
Why?
Because the show's been off the air for years.
Okay, so Dragon Ball Z's been off the air for years.
Why are we still getting games?
Because Atari, that's all it got.
Well, you know what?
They probably still show episodes of it on the Kmart TVs.
Okay?
Look, I've seen episodes of Count Ducula on TV a while back, but that's what the internet's
for, right?
Exactly.
That and porn.
We've got YouTube.
All right.
That's amazing.
Is that it then, Ravenstaufen?
That is it.
Thank you for taking my call.
You are most welcome, sir.
Have a great week.
All right.
Wow, he hung up on himself.
I didn't even click the button.
If you want to give us a call or username on Skype, Orange Launch Radio, or our phone
number 1-877-GAME-OLR, hi, you're on Orange Launch Radio.
Who's this?
Oh, it's truly Legend of Zaku.
Hello, Legend of Zaku.
What's on your mind?
Um, nothing.
Don't mind me for the fact that this girl just helped me a short while ago.
I'm sorry to hear that.
I am.
But yeah, I guess, you know- Whiskey makes it all better.
Jamie.
What?
Manhunt 2, you know, that whole controversy, that whole clusterfuck that rocks our man
to shove some beer.
Okay, seriously?
I got to stop you right here, okay?
After breaking up with your girlfriend, I would not recommend playing Manhunt 2.
That's going to give you a totally bad idea.
I'm not going to, I'm not homicidal, all right?
I've played Doom since I was like, what, 11?
So yeah, I guess, I don't know, I don't get why, you know, why companies like Rockstar
just, you know, they try to half-ass their way by just covering up stuff, you know, covering
up, you know, bits that were thrown back when the ASRP told them to, and all of a sudden,
you know, hackers find a way to make us gamers look bad, to make the industry look bad.
You know, and it was just, honestly, when they said, oh, we're going to mask this stuff,
that was just an open invite to the hackers to say, find out how we mask this and unmask
it.
I mean, I know, I know, you know, I can understand that, you know, that the rating, you know,
the rating board actually, you know, knew about the content that was blurred out.
But wouldn't it make more sense not to, you know, not to give, not to give ammunition
to, you know, to the critics, to anyone who's out to get people like Rockstar for the fact
that they get called out on stuff that was, you know, that was supposedly rejected before
but it's still in the game, just not seen, kind of like the whole hot coffee thing where,
you know, it still shouldn't, you know, still shouldn't have been on the disk in the first
place.
And they should have learned, not hiding, not obscuring it from, you know, from the
ratings board, not doing that, but just not having the common sense to not keep, you know,
to keep it out of the disk in the first place.
I don't, you know, so be it, you have to recreate the build but, you know, and that shit happens
in our job.
You know what just occurred to me because we were talking about Oblivion a little bit
ago?
This is very strange.
It just occurred to me.
Did they not make Bethesda go back and re-rate Oblivion because somebody found a way to hack
the game so that the girl's top could come off and you could have boobies?
But you also have to understand.
Isn't this the same fucking thing?
You also have to understand that we don't know whether or not that company submitted
all the assets for the characters for the ratings board.
Okay yeah yeah yeah but hold on I just had an epiphany with this whole thing.
I mean totally.
Wait a minute.
I just owned ESRB.
No no no no you didn't and here's why.
It's because that was on the PC that they did the mod.
The mods on PC's are fairly available whereas a PSP version the hack it means you have to
have an illegitimate copy of the game.
But still it's on principle.
What a fucking great line we are walking.
It shouldn't have been on the dead score on the actual game.
It's fucking boobies too.
I think they should have just taken the AO rating.
Honestly I think the problem is is that the AO rating is the kiss of death.
It's the same problem.
No the problem is that the AO rating means that your game does not get published for
the PlayStation 2, the Wii, or the PSP.
And that's the problem.
That's the problem.
You only get limited to one platform and but that's the other thing you have to understand
is that legislators right now they want to push bills that will add more you know quote
unquote truth in the ratings basically trying to you know find a way you know to call people
out for mods even though you know even if it wasn't there wasn't you know the responsibility
of the game the publisher I mean of the designer itself just for the fact that you know it
shouldn't it shouldn't give people shouldn't give hackers or any folks like that the tools
to create that much controversy to give them a channel.
All right I'm going to agree with Fursby in our chat room on that who says it's just fucking
pixels and I agree.
It's pixels but then it's something that the human you know the human brain could translate
as boobs.
Well let's also realize that the legislators making these decisions and trying to get all
this stuff done they're like generations behind us.
Yeah they're only they're only outscored political points you know the bill bills fake DDP Dan
that's it all they care about is keeping their seat.
Yeah once they die off and go away we'll get some smarter people in there and we're thinking
better.
All right.
But then we're going to run into the same complaints.
Zaku I gotta let you go because we're going on five minutes of this call we gotta get
some more calls but thank you for your perspective.
We appreciate it as always and sorry to hear about the girl there's plenty of fish in the
sea Zaku.
I'm right.
You'll find one.
All right.
If you want to give us a call 1-877-GAME-OLR or username on skype orange launch radio hi
you're on orange launch radio who's this?
Hey this is Rob with two B's.
Wow Rob with two B's how you doing sir?
Yeah I'm doing fine I just decided to call in because it was too long to write in chat.
I was going to say I think we hear from you a lot on email and totally appreciate it but
I think this might be the first time I can recall you calling into the show.
It is the first time.
Well congratulations on making the great crossover from the written form to the verbal form.
It's good to hear from you.
What's on your mind?
VG Expo was this weekend.
That's right the America's VG Expo in Philly and didn't they actually got Jack Thompson
to go to their show didn't they?
They did and from what I've heard it was civil which is surprising.
Interesting.
Sorry I just said the forbidden phrase on the show my bad.
Especially since the man is near rabid.
Anyway what you want to say about America's VG Expo did you go Rob?
Yeah I went on Saturday it really is only worth a day trip if you live in the area.
It was in Philadelphia Convention Center which is downtown about 10 minutes from the airport
and I hate to admit it but it was a better location.
They had the Rock Band Tour, they had the Dell Intel Hi-Def Tour, I'm trying to remember
they had a few contests on Guitar Hero and alright that's all I can remember.
Sounds like there was a lot to see.
It sounds like it was E for All.
No I didn't go to E for All but you get done with things fast there.
Plus they didn't have much on the forums or anything.
Basically on the day I was there they had the journalists forum, they had the moral
combat movie, they had their Jack Thompson panel and they had something I skipped the
Postal 2 preview.
Sounds skippable.
I want to make it short so anybody who didn't go can understand what went on.
The Game Journalist Interviews is always a good one and nobody goes to it.
Gosh I can't remember the names of the people.
What kind of game journalists were they?
Were they independent folks like us that do podcasting or were we talking folks from Game
Spot, One Up type people?
Yes we had one from One Up, one from Game Stop, not Game Stop, EGM I'm sorry the original
editor of EGM when it was spelled out.
They had the director of marketing for Ziff Davis and he was really informative.
To make a long story short the best thing he said was if you want to be a game journalist
you should, he said this because it's in their own company, you should blog on One Up and
make reviews less than 90 words.
Wait
That's the best way to get noticed.
If you want to be a game journalist you should get reviews that are less than 90 words?
Yes
You're as sure as sucks.
It takes at least 10 more words to get your mom on mother of the year nominations.
Really really really really really really really really sucks.
Okay here we go here we go.
No I got it, Yaris, at least it's not ET on the Atari 2600.
Yeah we can't actually bury it.
Okay here we go here we go, Yaris, sucks, would rather have gone to Kmart.
The sound you hear is a dead horse being beaten over and over again in the studio.
Okay well the the Mortal Kombat movie is very good it could make you motion sick because
they have a really long quake sequence in there and it's a lot of video game graphics
running in the background while the interviews are going on.
It's actually in my opinion is too much video game graphics but they do some really funny
transitions so it's worth a it's worth a listen.
It leaves the gray area gray.
And then the Jack Thompson and the guy he was sparring against was Lorne Lanning of
who helped to co-created Oddworld Inhabitants and they were they were sparring off and Jack
was funny and he was civil and you know I really hate you know I don't have any dirt
on him he was he was very smart.
Well he knew he was in enemy territory I mean you know yeah he probably went back onto the
game politics put comment forums a couple hours later and started slandering.
They all smelled like ass.
I know his comments on game politics are really like personality too.
Well Rob we can oh yeah go ahead oh Lorne pretty much lost the interview because he
got emotional and he and he started attacking Jackie Pooh's character which was really a
mistake and you know it doesn't matter who won it doesn't change my opinion.
I agree it's just one debate he may have won the battle but he hasn't won the war.
And you should have seen they made us go through the security check.
Good times.
Well Rob we got to let you go but we we really appreciate the call talking about the VG Expo
which we all forgot happened so I'm glad somebody was there to remind us all righty.
Well I only live like 90 minutes from it so.
Nice well glad to hear you had a good time and hope to hear from you in the future don't
be a stranger.
All right see ya.
Take care buddy.
Thanks.
I feel bad because I'm making our callers wrap it up but you know we got I know there's
still a bunch of people that want to call in so we'll take maybe two more calls 1-877-GAME-OLR
or our username on skype orange lounge radio if you want to give us a call.
I will open it up for some oh never mind we're getting a call.
Hi on orange launch radio who's this?
Hi you are on orange launch radio who's this?
We cannot hear you.
Hola bienvenidos a orange launch radio.
Quienes.
Did you say Guiness?
What the crap is hi hi hi were you not expecting to get through?
No I didn't plug my mic in.
Oh well good job DMN.
Well hi DMN what's on your mind now that we can actually hear you?
I am actually calling in response to one of the long emails dark sakura or soccer sorry
had about Nintendo and ignorance and the Nintendo 64.
Goody goody what do you have to say?
Do any of you have any idea as to why Nintendo is still around?
Mario no handheld.
Because of their involvement still in the Hanafuda card business.
That's exactly it Jamie no Pokemon.
That game has sold well over 14 to 15 million copies and that's just the originals alone.
That's the reason why Nintendo is still in business.
Had that game not have sold on America's Nintendo would be kaput.
So the Nintendo 64 tanked let's all admit that it tanked it wasn't that great a system.
Nintendo lost a lot of money on it and they didn't do that great on the gamecube either.
They're just now rebounding back with the DS and the Wii.
So saying that you know the Nintendo 64 kept it in their forum no.
Did it have games I personally enjoyed yes but I don't think it was that successful of
a system.
We threw two bees our last caller's back in chat and says Nintendo sells at profit that's
why they're still around.
That too I mean the gamecube from its inception sold profit the Wii since its inception has
sold at profit the DS even if both models have sold at profit.
So Nintendo has knows what they're doing with hardware that's why they're still in it.
And like I said earlier Pokemon snap is the shit so you know Pokemon for the win.
Alright any other thoughts for our listeners tonight DMN?
Oh man oh Guitar Hero 3 massively multiplayer thon that I talked about on my show I want
to pitch that really quick.
What's this?
If you are an OLR fanboy listener on air talent get together on Xbox live or on a Nintendo
Wi-Fi connection this Saturday I believe it's November the 9th and get together play with
some fellow OLR listeners and have some fun because Guitar Hero 3 is a very fun game especially
on multiplayer this time around.
Or you could join our band on the website.
That too I did I joined it like just now.
Oh I see your request I'm going to go in and approve it right now.
I'm working on that right now as we talk.
He's clicking on the red x-rays.
I am.
Okay and now I'm going to click on the button that hangs up on you okay?
Okay.
Bye friend!
Alright let's get some last minute stories.
What's going on over to Loki with any last minute stories?
Oh Dark Sakura has one why don't you start us off then?
I do have one.
Do you remember how they were talking about the PS3 to help with the folding protein models?
Actually it did make the Guinness Book of World Records and they're saying that since
the project started they've been using 670,000 PlayStation 3s at they were actually according
to this it says the FAH is now the most powerful distributed computing network ever at over
a petaflop.
That sounds like something that would be on Dateline NBC a petaflop.
It's over 250 teraflops which is a trillion calculations per second.
So, they have been using the PS3 as a computer and the whole point of the folding project
is basically to look how proteins fold because they have evidence to show that proteins that
don't fold properly are related to Alzheimer's and other diseases.
The amazing things being accomplished with the PlayStation 3 what can we say?
And Rob with Two Bees asks in chat what's a microflop then?
That would be this episode.
Good point.
We're getting another call on the Skype line.
Let's go take it.
Hello.
You are on Orange Lawn's radio.
Who's this?
Hello.
It's Rice Princess.
Hi Rice Princess.
You're not here.
You're supposed to be here in studio tonight.
I totally was.
I'm sorry.
What gives?
I have a flat tire.
Fired.
I know.
I'm sorry.
Too cute.
All right.
Well, what's on your mind and put the mic a little closer to your mouth because you're
barely coming in.
This better.
Oh my gosh.
Is it louder?
Jesus Christ.
Yes.
All right.
Okay.
Much better.
What's on your mind?
What do you want to comment on tonight?
Oh, I don't know.
You told me to call in.
I told you to call in because you weren't here in person.
I just wanted to break you over the phone.
Oh, okay.
Shame on you.
Well, what have you been playing lately?
Anything?
I haven't been doing much game playing for the past couple of weeks.
You haven't been playing a lot of WoW or anything?
Not really.
Oh.
Well, gee.
A video game podcaster does you a lot of good this week, doesn't it?
Doesn't it though?
My gosh.
I've been playing so little.
Like it's kind of pointless for me to be calling in.
All right.
Well, then I'll hang up on you.
What?
I'll hang up on you then.
Hey, jerk.
You told me to call in.
Well, because I thought you'd want to say hi because you weren't here in person.
Oh, well, hi.
All right.
Bye.
All right.
1-877.
I'm going to get spanked for that one later.
1-877-GAME-OLR or our username on Skype, OrangeLawnsRadio.
Loki, got anything for us real quick?
We'll take one more call.
Circuit City is offering a pretty cool deal for people that purchase Call of Duty 4.
Yay, Call of Duty 3 for free.
That's for...
Because you probably already own it.
Hey, it's free.
Because you wouldn't want to play it.
It's free and also been leaked to the internet from what I've seen.
Sensible Soccer or Sensible World of Soccer is going to be coming to Xbox Live Arcade
this month, also coming out on the PSC.
That's neat.
Maybe.
You said the game is how old?
We're getting another call on Skype.
Let's go take that and then we'll get to any more last minute stories.
This will be our last call tonight.
Hi, you're on OrangeLawnsRadio.
Who's this?
Hey, it's ShadowNextGen.
Hello, ShadowNextGen.
What's on your mind?
How's it going?
Pretty good.
What did you want to talk about tonight?
E for All, briefly, because I was there.
How was E for All?
E for All, despite a lot of the internet reports, was actually a lot of fun.
There was a lot of games to play.
I mean, obviously, Microsoft and Sony weren't there and those were the big omissions, but
Metal Gear Solid 4, Galaxy, Super Smash Brothers, Contra 4, Call of Duty 4, Simpsons.
There was Guitar Hero 3, Rock Band.
There was quite a lot of games there to play.
The biggest complaint I heard about E for All was very similar to what Rob had just
said about Video Game Expo and that is you could have done it all in a day.
Is that true?
You probably could have, but I mean, I was there for the whole time.
There was also the Video Game Live concert that I went to that was a lot of fun as well.
Nice.
Sounds like fun.
That was right across the street from E for All.
Did you wait in line for Super Smash Brothers?
I didn't have to because I got in early, so I only had to wait about 5-10 minutes.
Nice.
How was it?
Super Smash Brothers was a lot of fun.
I believe I played as Link and they had a level from Twilight Princess in there.
They had the bridge level where you're jousting with that big enemy on the Warthog.
So it was a lot of fun.
Do you think this game has the potential to be OMG Best Game Ever?
With all the new stuff that they're putting in, it could very well be with the level editor
and the video record feature and it seems like every week they keep adding new features.
Sounds pretty hot.
I know I'm excited about it.
And then I got to try the Wii Zapper I actually had fun with.
Ah yes, the Wii Zapper.
That's going to be coming out pretty soon, huh?
They had Link's crossbow training there, which was pretty good, especially if you're a Zelda
fan.
I have a copy unordered because I've saved myself from purchasing other Wii games.
I'm very excited to finally put the Wii Zapper bet to rest because we still have that going
on too.
I will kick your ass.
The date bet.
So anyway, we'll worry about that later.
Mario Party DS was there, that was also a lot of fun.
Oh yeah, I saw Mario Party 8 this weekend I forgot to mention.
I saw it, I didn't play it.
Because it was another Wii game that came out at the party.
It's just another Mario Party game.
I got it from my brother when I got him his Wii for the first time.
But now you build hotels I guess or something, whatever.
One of the maps has hotels on it or something.
Anyway, sorry ShoutOutNextGen.
What else is on your mind, buddy?
I just wanted to say that E4ALL wasn't nearly as bad as a lot of the reports were making
it out to be.
They had about 18,000 people there I think they said, which is almost about a third of
what E3 used to draw.
I would say that's pretty good for a first year without Sony and Microsoft there.
Well I'm glad to hear a dissenting opinion from someone who is actually there, we welcome
that.
What do you think though about next year, because apparently they have it timed where
it's going to be very close to Penny Arcade Expo next year.
Do you think that's going to be a good thing or bad or what?
I think now I don't really see it being too good of a move because Penny Arcade is starting
to get really huge.
I don't know why they would want to draw away more potential exhibitors who would probably
rather go up to Seattle.
Yeah, it's going to be interesting.
Walk the wait and see.
Hopefully they'll smarten up and either they'll put it in October again or they'll put it
earlier in the year.
They might be playing a game of chicken right now to see if anybody backs down first, but
we will see.
Anyway, ShoutOutNextGen, we've got to let you go.
We're going to try to wrap things up for tonight, but thanks so much for your call.
All right, have a good night guys.
All right, you too.
It's good to hear from somebody who's actually there as opposed to all the hearsay on the
internet.
I'm so sorry to those folks that didn't get through tonight.
I know we have more people that wanted to call in, but sadly we've got to get this show
wrapped up because we are going on a three-hour program tonight and we've got to wrap this
shit up.
So, Loke, did you have anything else for last minute stories?
Yeah, real quick, I was going to say Heavenly Stars is going to be in No More Heroes as
well, as a song apparently, and I don't know, it should be pretty interesting.
I guess you find a hidden VHS tape in the game or something.
Well, it's kind of weird.
Then let's see here, I laughed when I read this story.
Apparently there were going to do some Assassin's Creed novels that were going to come out around
the same time as the game.
But apparently a sect of real-life assassins paid Ubisoft a visit and told them no.
I don't know.
I laughed at that.
Then there was an interview with Naughty Dog about Uncharted where they said that they've
only used 30% of the PS3's power for Uncharted.
So if the game sucks, that's why.
Let's see here.
And then finally, Nintendo was also, the PR manager with Nintendo was interviewed regarding
a couple things including a hard drive and friend codes.
Eric Walter, of course, revealed no plans for a Wii hard drive despite the fact that
the whole WiiWare service is going to be coming.
And also as far as the friend's codes, apparently they've pulled people through different questionnaires
and whatnot and people don't seem to be, they are undisturbed by them so they're going to
stay.
Hooray!
I do want to add to the last minute news to follow up to our breaking news earlier.
The character battle is over and it's official.
L-Block is the new champion after the character battle.
And now they're having an extra bonus round and today the L-Block is facing off against
the paddle, the question mark block, and the weighted companion cube that's doing battles.
I can already tell the weighted companion cube is going to win just because it's current.
Actually, at the current time, now it is early on in the race, but at the current time L-Block
is leading with almost 40% of the vote.
Weighted companion cube is in second place but only with 27% of the vote.
That'll change.
The portal jokes are going to get old pretty soon, you guys.
Alright.
Anyhow, show is over, let's go around and get everybody's final thought.
We'll start off with Puppy, thank you so much for being here and I'm glad you got to actually
talk this time.
Yay!
So what is your final thought?
I have cavities now from all this damn candy.
I know, I need an insulin shot, Jesus.
Alright, DarkSakura, your final thought?
I fucking love my iPhone.
And my final thought is, I'm going to have a candy coma.
Loki, your final thought?
My final thought is I have way too many games to play this week and I hope my Wii works.
Alright.
Wii console.
Thank you guys so much.
I'm not worried about my Wii.
I know that works just fine.
Okay.
Thank you guys so much for tuning into and downloading Orange Launch Radio and supporting
Independent Radio.
If you like what you hear, please tell two friends about our show or go leave us a nice
review on iTunes, dang it, because we could always use some extra five-star reviews because
that helps spread the word because we don't have a big magazine or website backing us.
We don't have any of those fancy magazines.
That's right.
We don't have any of that fancy-shmancy stuff to back us up.
We do this because we love you all.
Expensive print material.
So we appreciate it.
So you like one of those fancy magazines, you find it at Kmart.
Sorry.
Alright, on that note, until next week, I'm Rob, that's Jamie, that's Loki, and we're
Orange Launch Radio.
See you next week.
Bye-bye.
