Orange Lounge Radio is taped live on Sunday nights and released to our podcast stream twice weekly.
To listen to the first half of this episode, visit www.orangeloungeradio.com
for links to websites with listings of past episodes.
Now the conclusion of this week's episode of Orange Lounge Radio.
And welcome back everybody to Orange Lounge Radio on this Sunday evening, November the 18th of 2007.
By the time most of you guys hear this on the podcast, it'll probably be Thanksgiving time,
so to all of our fellow American listeners, happy Thanksgiving and hope you're having a good day today.
To all of our non-American listeners, happy Thursday whenever that happens to fall for you.
Alright, let's go back into the gaming news.
Loki, happy Thursday from wherever that happens to fall.
Because I'm thinking in my mind Thanksgiving, never mind, I'm out of it tonight.
I think Thursday lands on the same time of the week each week.
Anyways, not when you have the international dateline involved, okay?
It's still the same time each week, their time.
Shut up, I hate you.
So, another reason I guess people are kind of bitter, you know, Club Nintendo,
this wonderful little program that they have in Japan,
where they get a bunch of cool free shit that we don't ever see anywhere else around the world.
Well, they're getting something else that's pretty cool,
a Super Famicom controller that is actually a classic controller.
So you can use this to play your wonderful Super Nintendo or Super Famicom games using the Wii.
And it is authentic, so yeah, you can get that.
Also, other items of note, they have a Mario Galaxy soundtrack,
including 81 tracks from the game across two CDs.
Jesus, 81?
And two 2008 tabletop calendars.
Of course, you know, if you want these, you have to,
you know, you have until December 2nd to select one of the above items.
But anyways, according to IGN's translation of the site,
those Famicom controllers are going to be delivered by April 2008.
But still, though, I think those are pretty cool.
Too bad we don't have anything like that over here.
I know, that's very cool.
Why don't they do that over here, you think?
Is it just a money thing? Too many people would get in on it or what?
Why can't they just do like a contest or something silly?
I don't know. They don't like us?
I guess.
Well, God, we buy their freaking Wii's even though they haven't put out that many games this year to support it.
We've stood by them.
We should get something out of it, don't you think?
Nope.
I guess not, jerks.
Alright, well, I'll just continue to play the Virtual Console games with the thing they have out there.
Well, remember how we said in Part A that usually if peripherals only get like one game to go with them,
then they won't continue to be supported and they'll be pretty much deemed a failure?
Well, what's interesting is that there do appear to be some other games coming on board with an upcoming peripheral,
and that is the Wii Balance Board.
It's coming out, I believe, early next year with Wii Fitness.
A new game has been announced that will use the Wii Balance Board.
It's Namco Bandai's Family Ski.
Famitsu has recently revealed this game and it will be compatible with the Wii Balance Board.
Notice that's compatible, not required,
but certainly it does look like you'll get to use, you know, Mii-like characters in the game.
For your own Mii's.
With skiing.
The game is supposedly going to come out winter of this year or 2008 even in Japan.
So kind of interesting the game may actually be out in Japan before the Wii Fit board actually is out.
So, kind of cool.
Kind of like how we have DualShock 3 support for PlayStation 3 games over here.
Even though the controllers don't come out until the spring.
Yeah.
Odd1InChat says, oh man.
By the way, chat.orangemonstrator.com, we always love our chatters.
The ever-present fourth host on our show.
Odd1 says, oh man, the Wii Balance Board is going to be the best way to randomly tackle friends and loved ones ever.
What?
That might be kind of scary, I don't know.
I was going to say that they're also going to have a game in Wii Fit that's going to be a skiing or snowboarding game
that's going to use the Balance Board as well.
So wait, are we just going to see a lot of knock-offs of those type of games?
Kind of like we've been seeing in Wii Sports.
Suddenly there's all these golf games and, you know, tennis games.
Well, it's just like when Wii Play came out, hey, we can do shooting gallery type games in this?
Okay, let's make a bunch of them.
They all suck.
Yay.
Hey, there's nothing wrong with another skiing game using it because it's going to be a full fleshed out version of skiing.
Now, Namco Bandai is a pretty respected third-party publisher that's not known for doing a lot of these type of knock-off games.
Now, certain third-party publishers are kind of known for being nothing but a bunch of knock-off games.
It's not really Namco Bandai unless they're knocking themselves off or ripping themselves off with Katamari.
But you know what I mean.
I think the game will be fine.
Well, this is actually something else I think a lot of people are looking forward to on Wii.
Okami will be on Wii.
And it will, excuse me, that wasn't fun.
But basically, for the folks at Capcom, they had actually been asked if Okami was going to have a Wii release before the PS2 version even came out.
So they were already thinking about it.
And so they're going to bring it out.
That's one of those games I always wanted to play but I just kind of missed when it first came out.
So this will give me an opportunity to rediscover it all over again on the Wii.
Well, they're also going to be doing a few little tweaks to the game, some gameplay touches, and it will be 16 to 9 ratio.
Oh, now that's cool.
That's right, because the original game wasn't widescreen, so very nice.
And Wii like widescreen.
Absolutely.
Especially me, since I have a TV.
And you know those TVs are going to be more and more out there as this Christmas goes on.
Because that should be a big seller this year now that HD TVs are getting more and more affordable.
I think you're going to see more and more houses have those.
So it will be kind of interesting to see the gaming scene kind of have to evolve to catch up with that and all the games supporting widescreen.
We're looking at you, Nintendo.
That's right.
And your 480p HD.
Well, if you're looking for some Nintendo Wiis, Nintendo is churning out 1.8 million Wiis per month.
Of course, that is split up worldwide.
And will continue to do so until the drought is over.
Yay!
What does that mean, though?
Will you see more Wiis in the stores?
Probably not.
It means no price drop and no new colors, because the ones that are already out there are selling.
Yay!
Wait.
No price drop.
I don't think you need a price drop yet, unless your system is, like, sucking.
That's when you start dropping the price of your system.
Drunami in Chat says beatings will continue until morale improves.
Yay!
Coming out for a play soon on those Wiis.
Skate or Die is coming out on the virtual console.
I love Skate or Die!
It's on its way to the Australian virtual console, but surely if it's coming to Australia, it must be coming to other regions soon, right?
The way we know it's coming to Australia, because just like things get spoiled by the ESRB over here,
the Office of Film and Literature Classifications database showed a re-rating of Skate or Die for the virtual console.
Awesome.
And I know over here we're getting Air Zonk on Monday, or Super Air Zonk.
How did you find that out?
Did you have Wiis?
No, actually, because they announced it on, I believe, the TurboGrafx-
There's some, like, TurboGrafx-16 site that lists a bunch of this crap.
Nice.
It was officially announced, so.
I think we should get that and Skate or Die here.
That would be an awesome week.
Hudson, I'm sure, did it.
What do you think they'll give us for Christmas on a virtual console?
I mean, they could give me Guardian Legend, but I somehow don't think that would happen.
I don't know. Have they made a Shrek game on the Super Nintendo?
Oh, no, I don't think so.
You know what I want?
What?
Kirby's Avalanche.
Isn't that- get Dr. Bean Machine or whatever.
But it actually plays differently on the Super Nintendo.
That'd be pretty funny.
I'm a whore for Puyo Puyo.
Wait, I want to say Kirby's Avalanche is out there.
I'm getting it mixed up with a golf game.
They should have, well, maybe kind of find 1080.
Remember that?
What about 720?
Fuck 720. 1080 was a snowboarding game.
I know, but 720 was a skateboarding game. What's your point?
It wasn't a very good skateboarding game.
It was an awesome skateboarding game!
Oh, yeah.
You got killed by bees.
Oh, okay.
That's awesome.
That makes it all better.
Yes, it does.
It's got bees in it now, so.
Okay, Act F says Kirby's Avalanche is already on the Virtual Console.
You missed it.
I didn't see it.
You were sleeping that day.
This is what I get for not playing my Wii for, you know, two weeks.
So Act F says both those games are out.
Kirby's Dream Course.
But you know what?
I don't really look at a lot of them so much because I actually have Kirby's Avalanche
and a Super Nintendo, but I still kind of want to play it on my Wii.
Well, there you have it.
Christmas comes early for you this year.
Yay!
But no, I want Guardian Legend.
And if they're doing Sega games, then I freaking want Fantasy Zone.
Oh, that would be kind of cool.
Fantasy Zone.
Because the Genesis, all you needed was the Power Base Converter to play Master System
games on it so it could do it.
You know what game they'll probably give us for Christmas?
Huge selling Nintendo game that Nintendo made.
Big court battle over the rights to the game because somebody else put an off-color version
of it out first, and then Nintendo put a subpar version out themselves.
I bet you you'll see Tetris on Christmas.
I bet you anything.
They should do the Tengen Collection.
I somehow doubt that.
Yeah, Color Dreams games showing up on my Wii, I would set fire to my Wii.
Okay, those games were ass.
But Tengen Tetris was so much better.
That game was cool.
I'll give you that.
I wouldn't mind them so much.
Those are just basically Atari games, like Klax.
Those games were cool.
Kicks.
But the Color Dreams games were also like non-licensed games.
I know.
They were ass.
Those games were horrible.
You know actually what game I wouldn't mind?
Oh shoot, it was on Super Nintendo, but I used to play it in the arcade all the time.
It was a caveman game.
Trog.
Really?
Do you remember that one?
No.
That was a weird game.
I do not.
Alright, well moving on with other virtual console news.
One game in the UK.
One game.
Double Dribble.
At least it's one fucking good game.
Yeah.
Double Dribble is pretty good.
You know, I don't play a lot of sports games, but I did play a shitload of Double Dribble.
And NBA Jam was like the all-time greatest basketball game is NBA Jam.
Did you ever play any of the arcade NBA Jams that had the Mortal Kombat hacks?
Of course.
Of course.
The Scorpion is an unlocked character, absolutely.
And you could play as the president.
Anyway, how did a Double Dribble story turn into an NBA Jam?
Because you said NBA Jam.
Yeah, I know.
Your fault, Rob.
Haha.
Tangent.
Uh-huh.
Uh-huh.
Anyways.
So, if you're not into Double Dribble, maybe you're into betting.
And of course, coming to Super Smash Bros.
Can I bet on Double Dribble games?
No.
Coming to Super Smash Bros. Brawl is a spectator mode, and they will have online betting.
Ooh!
Nintendo is encouraging gambling.
Oh my God.
Send out all those stupid parent groups or whatever.
Let's ban the game now.
It'll get your children knocked up as well.
Isn't spectator mode kind of stupid, though, because you don't know who you're watching?
Maybe.
Like you're watching Player 1 and Player 2, you don't see their names because there's
no centralized service like Xbox Live to protect the children from going into spectator mode
and seeing some guy's name as Cock Wrangler or something is their screen name on Nintendo.
I don't know.
Something that the filters don't pick up because they spell it C-A-W-K or whatever.
Mommy, I bet on Cock Wrangler.
Always bet on Cock Wrangler.
But at least I think if the person is on your friends list, you should be able to see their
name, right?
Maybe.
I don't know.
Anyways, it will allow you to observe, of course, players' battles, including the betting
system, where you can use your hard-earned coins to wage your own combatants during Brawl
battles, and winning can pay off big.
Of course, you can also earn stickers.
Hooray!
Stickers!
Like real stickers or like in-game stickers?
Not real stickers.
Well, tough.
You don't get real stickers.
And of course, I don't know.
It sounds neat, I guess, but once again, I have a feeling that people are going to be
like, hey, you can bet money on it.
I don't think it's going to be that big a deal.
I wonder if you're going to get people throwing matches and stuff.
Like this big underground scheme?
No, you can't because you don't know who's playing in it.
I don't know.
Odd1 says all games should have a mechanic by which they mail you stickers.
I don't care if they're not related to the game, I also want stickers.
So, are you suggesting we go back to the Activision patch system that they had?
Absolutely.
I mean, if you think about it, Xbox Live achievements are indirectly inspired by the old Activision
patch thing.
You know what I think they should do?
Oh, Activision.
Please tell me someone from Activision is listening.
Here's a fabulous idea.
Put all those old Activision games together yet again in one of those bundles, but have
the achievements be the old patches you used to get.
Like, you know, when you would get so many points in a game, then you could unlock the
little picture of that patch.
That might be kind of cool.
Even though we've seen those Activision packs like a million times for different consoles
or whatever, I think one more would be kind of cool if for nothing else but that.
And maybe put some Xbox Live in it.
There you have it.
Put an oink in it for God's sake.
Oink was awesome.
Sorry.
Rant.
Oink.
Guess what store is promising Wii's?
It actually was supposed to happen this weekend in time for the holiday season.
The low, low price of $399 for a bundle.
It's a whole bundle for it.
You would never guess what store would have this.
TJ Maxx is selling an ultimate Wii bundle.
Now, for those that don't know this store, TJ Maxx, I used to live right next to one,
and it's basically just like Ross Dress for Less, but like one step above it.
I don't think it's a step above.
Yeah, I think it's really on the same tier as Ross Dress for Less.
So how TJ Maxx got Wii bundles is beyond me.
That's what makes this story funny for those that don't understand.
I don't know.
Is TJ Maxx nationwide?
Yeah, we had him in Mobile.
Oh, okay.
Then they're pretty nationwide.
They have him here.
It was really ghetto.
Or maybe those overseas.
It's like, it's definitely not Macy's.
We'll put it that way.
It's definitely not a designer clothes place.
It's cheap.
It's kind of like buying your clothes at Walmart.
But even Walmart at least is cheap.
I bought cute stuff at Walmart.
Yeah, Walmart at least is cheap.
It's like buying your clothes at Kmart.
Yes, there you go.
Because Kmart, you can find stuff that was still ugly in the 80s.
And I'm not joking.
Yeah.
Yeah.
TJ Maxx is an interesting place.
So, that's why this story is so humorous for those that maybe don't have it.
I don't know.
By the way, that will only be featured in selected stores only.
And yes, you have to buy the whole goddamn thing as a bundle.
It's the Wii System and 15 accessories.
Which I'm sure is a bunch of crap.
Yeah.
That you don't need.
I hope you like golf attachments and tennis racket attachments.
And the potato chip holder that will also hold your Wiimote.
At least that because it sucks.
God damn it.
That thing actually looked kind of cool.
Just buy a damn bowl.
No.
To put your chips in.
You don't need a fucking little thing.
How about we cleanse the pallet with the undead.
Okay.
Zombies are great.
I love the undead.
I mean loathe the undead.
I know.
Let's turn zombies loose in TJ Maxx.
I would totally, totally film that and sell it as a movie.
There you go.
Anyway, for those of us who love the undead.
Who dig their zombies.
House of the Dead 2 and 3 are going to be on Wii.
Using the Wii Zapper.
And you can shoot your zombies in the head.
But you don't have to press A.
Fuck House of the Dead.
I want typing of the dead on Wii.
Now that they support USB keyboards.
Oh that's true, that's true.
They put out that patch a while back and now they support the USB keyboards.
But I love House of the Dead.
And I love Typing of the Dead.
You don't even know.
But I had House of the Dead 2 on Dreamcast.
That was freaking sweet.
I have Typing of the Dead on GameTap.
I have Typing of the Dead on Dreamcast.
I think I might as well.
This new pack is actually kind of neat.
I'm seeing Sega releasing some of these gun games and hopefully they'll release more because
I know with Ghost Squad they started that off.
Of course you can use the Wii Zapper.
The other thing which no one else has really mentioned so far other than the fact that
it's coming out in March is that it's also going to be priced the same as Ghost Squad
which is $29.99 retail.
So you may be thinking, oh hey, 50 bucks for games that don't look that great on the Wii.
It's only 30 bucks and it's actually a pretty good collection and hopefully it's as good
as Ghost Squad because Ghost Squad is pretty fun and I think a lot of people are going
to overlook it.
And it's zombies being shot in the face by your Wiimote.
I mean that is kind of cool.
I love shooting zombies.
And look at it this way, it's not the movie.
Just zombies are great, okay?
Zombies are great.
That's right, zombies are great.
Anyways, so another thing that you're going to probably be pissed off about, especially
if you just bought a DS, is that there's a rumor saying that there's another DS redesign
coming your way.
In fact, it's supposed to happen after the holiday sales kind of die out, probably next
spring, which is kind of interesting because spring is when they release the last revision,
the DS Lite.
The rumor is that it's thinner.
It's not going to have a Game Boy Advance port.
It will have onboard storage and larger screens.
And you know that onboard storage is going to then be used by all the cool games that
come out next so everybody has to upgrade to one of these things.
You know what?
Nintendo, I just bought this fucking thing like three months ago and already you're thinking
about making me upgrade.
You bastards.
I just bought a DS Lite myself too so I don't have to play my wife's pink one.
I bought a nice black one.
Haven't played anything on it though yet.
I still have my white one and I like it.
But remember, I had to get a pink Advance back in the day.
Now people in the chat room are screaming rumor, rumor, rumor.
Yes, it's a rumor but honestly, would it surprise you?
I mean really, think about it.
Look at Nintendo's track record.
I mean, do you see why this is popping up everywhere?
I mean, it definitely sounds true to me.
How many times did they get you to buy the Game Boy?
Seriously?
How many times?
What?
Six?
Seven?
Eight?
It's true.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Game Boy.
Game Boy Pocket.
Game Boy Color.
You know, the Game Boy Color Pocket.
Game Boy Color Pocket with cute little Pikachu things that light up when you turn it on.
You know, and so on and so on.
The Game Boy Player.
That was.
Yes, Super Game Boy.
Super Game Boy.
I have one of those.
The Game Boy Advance.
The Game Boy Advance.
Never fails.
SP.
The DS.
The DS Lite.
I have all of those too.
And now one more.
DS.
Whatever they're going to call this thing.
DS Slim and Lite.
They'll call it the DS Uber.
DS Rape, because that's what I keep feeling from making those.
Super DS.
I don't know.
Tiger Claw.
Oh yes, Tiger Claw says the next version of the DS will probably be the DS Micro.
And of course, the Advance Micro.
I have a Game Boy Micro.
You're probably the only person I know that has a Game Boy Micro.
And I didn't pay for it either.
We're still selling those at work.
Or should I say, we still have the same 10 that we've had since the Game Boy Micro came
out.
I would say there's a handheld system by Nintendo that didn't prove to be very popular.
It was the Micro.
Well, I remember when we saw it at E3, I'm like, that's the dumbest idea I've ever seen.
I'm like, what are the best games on Game Boy Advance right now?
All the Final Fantasy games being remade.
I'm sorry, I'm not going to play that stuff on a freaking Game Boy Micro.
Like, Jamie's Puzzle Fighter, I could see that, because the gems are picking up.
But it's got interchangeable fails.
I tried playing Kingdom Hearts on it, and that did not work.
Oh my god, I couldn't read.
You know, even worse is playing a shooter on that damn thing.
It doesn't happen.
You do not play a shooter on the Micro.
Do you remember back in the day on the old school Game Boys, they used to have the magnify
and light things that you could put on top of them, these really hideous things.
But they worked.
They would slightly magnify the screen and light AI, and you'd totally get a headache.
They need that for the Micro, like a magnify thing.
Would that kind of defeat the purpose of buying a Micro in the first place?
You know people would buy it.
Because they're dumb, right?
There you have it.
Well, anyway, you would think the FUs of the Week would come after a heated discussion like that,
but not so!
We have something to trump that, to get your blood boiling just in time for the FUs of the Week.
And it has to do with our friends over at Microsoft.
Now, it's not Microsoft's fault, but Microsoft was hit with a class action lawsuit.
Do you know why?
Because there was a man in Georgia that said that Microsoft improperly allowed his underage kid
to use his debit card to subscribe to Xbox Live and automatically renew the subscription without authorization.
He says that in October 2005, this is being done by Francisco Garcia in Georgia,
and he says that in October 2005, his son, Silvario, used his debit card to buy a $50 one-year subscription to Xbox Live.
A year later, Microsoft automatically billed him for an additional year of Xbox Live without his knowledge or consent.
And he says that the charge sent his checking account into overdraft and that the bank slapped him with a $35 penalty.
This is why you should be careful when using your debit card as a credit card, but never mind.
And then the plaintiff goes on to say that Microsoft refunded the subscription fee, but would not cover the bank penalty.
And he says by accepting a subscription from a minor and automatically renewing it without consent,
Microsoft, quote, fraudulently induced a contractual relationship for Xbox Live services.
It actually would be a son that committed fraud because a son would have had to put it in his father's name for it to go through.
Nowhere is it said how in the hell the kid got the debit card in the first place.
But I guess that's not important.
Garcia goes on to say that Microsoft broke Georgia law when it allowed his kid to use a debit card to sign up for Xbox Live
and then continued to break the law when it renewed the service without written authorization.
He's speaking unspecified damages and asking the court to broaden the case to include all Xbox Live customers in Georgia with similar problems.
So in other words, kids that steal their dad's wallet and use the cards to buy things.
It's not Xbox's fault.
In fact, I've seen how hefty the authorization process is to that because I couldn't use my debit card.
I had to use one of my other credit cards to run it through.
So first of all, they're very specific on putting in the information.
You have to have the complete billing information for the person who owns the card.
Therefore, it is not Microsoft's fault.
It's first of all that guy's fault for letting his kid be able to get into his wallet so easily.
And second of all, it's the kid's issue for basically committing fraud.
Oh, but yet there's more.
Actually, technically that's borderline non-identity theft.
Oh, you want to hear about the kid committing fraud?
Here's more. Here's more, Jamie.
Microsoft has asked the federal court to dismiss the case, saying that they have paperwork that proves that the child misrepresented his age when he subscribed to Xbox Live by falsely stating that he was 18 years old.
Uh-huh.
Well, even though he would have had to have done it under his parents' name for it to have gone through.
It's...
What's the chat room saying?
Dark Tetsuya says, never mind credit card. This is why condoms were invented.
That is brilliant.
Our Chatter of the Week, everybody. Dark Tetsuya.
Everybody, round of applause. Thank you.
Hurray.
Loki, no comments?
That's just an idiot.
I mean, seriously.
He didn't notice the charge, you know, was on his credit card in the first place, and then it rebuilt itself, you know.
Well, seriously.
I mean, how do you do something like that?
This is funny, though, because this must have been on an original Xbox account, because now, if your account runs out, all that happens is it turns into silver again.
Exactly.
It doesn't have an auto-renew option. You have to renew it.
There is no auto-renew.
Yeah, so...
That auto-renew thing was kind of shady, though, the way they used to do it.
But that's why you've got to be careful when you use...
That's probably why they don't do it anymore.
Yeah, that's probably why.
But that's why you've got to be careful.
I think a lot of people use, and I'm guilty of this, too, to some extent, but I use my debit card for everything that you probably should use a credit card for, you know what I mean?
And the guy complaining about how overdrafting his bank account or whatever, that I find to be kind of BS, because if that's the case, then you shouldn't have used it in the first place, or let your kid steal it in the first place and put it on there and then not do anything about it the first time.
I mean, a year went by between.
I don't think this case has a chance to happen.
It's not Microsoft's fault that your bank account was so low that you overdrafted, so you know what?
If you didn't want to overdraft, use a real credit card that would have denied it if it was going to hit your limit, although I kind of agree the bank should have denied the charge, but at the same time, this is how banks make money off of people who overdraft. Let's face it, that's one huge way they make money.
On top of that, there's often times where a bank will write off an overdraft charge if it was erroneous, if it can be proven, so it's just really a case of this man in Georgia being a complete and utter moron. End of story.
You deserve that $35 charge, dumbass.
And that being said, obviously stories like this make us very angry, and you know what that means? It's F.U. time.
I have a two-part F.U. The first F.U. goes towards this man in the black Toyota truck who pulled out of the gas station and into my lane and cut me off. You're a stupid piece of shit, and you totally deserve to have that cop car pull you over.
All right, Loki. Oh, it's two-part, I'm sorry. I thought you said that was mine, and then I was like, okay.
Okay, well, that's okay. I'll be nice.
You sure?
Yes.
All right, and I guess the two-part is F.U. Rob. Well, F.U. Jamie, how's that? Cutting in front of Loki.
Your mom.
F.U. Jamie, your mom.
Last night.
Loki, I don't have much to be angry about, but I am annoyed at the Priuses that were driving in front of me today. Apparently, owning a Prius means you drive slow. So, screw you Prius owners, and I don't give a shit if you're helping the environment. You're not helping the environment because you're making me late. Or late-er.
F.U. to the macaroni and cheese pizza at John's Incredibly Shitty Pizza because that shit was nasty. Well, dude, the macaroni and cheese pizza was nasty.
The peanut butter pizza was kind of weird. I like the peanut butter pizza, too. But the best was the barbecue chicken.
The barbecue chicken at Alfredo was okay. It makes the incredibly shitty pizza not that shitty.
I like the macaroni and cheese pizza, though.
Yeah, you're weird. F.U. to Jamie twice.
Yeah, well, F.U. back to your-
F.U. infinity plus one.
Yeah, you can't add plus one to infinity because infinity is already infinity.
Well, I just did.
Well, then you created-
What are you going to do? Tell God to smite me?
Sometimes the chat room just needs to be here.
That silence, by the way, was Jamie actually praying. I know that was great radio, boys and girls, but there you have it.
I want to point out, though, real quick about some of the previous stories.
GS68 had a great comment about the whole father and the kid thing.
The father should cut his credit card and stab his kid with one of his sharp edges.
I don't know. I almost think GS68 might have just taken the crown of Chatter of the Week.
We might have to have a good old fight over this.
Anyways, I don't know if this is good or not, but Atari, the CEO, has resigned and the company has exited game development, which is fine because can you really think of the last good thing to come out of Atari?
I know I can't.
The Atari 5200?
I guess the Test Drive series, but they don't really- I don't know if they're still publishing that. I guess they did.
Yes, Test Drive. There you have it.
Test Drive. Okay, fine. That's the only thing, but whatever.
Flashback consoles.
Oh, okay.
But anyways, what, they had such wonderful series that they sold off to Ubisoft Driver. Oh, that was awesome.
Such a wonderful game. It had no flaws at all. Oh, wait. No, I'm sorry.
Stuntman. That was okay.
But anyways, so yeah, the Test Drive series has been now licensed to Infogrames, which had, if I remember correctly, didn't they have the really cool theme song that they made for their company?
I'm sorry, it wasn't cool at all, but it was a theme song for their company.
You know how I knew Atari was going downhill about 15 years ago? Did you ever play a game in the arcades called Pit Fighter?
I remember Pit Fighter. It was-
I think this game was Atari, yes?
No, I don't think it was Atari. Was it Atari?
It sucked.
But it was a Mortal Kombat digitized type game.
It's also one of the worst goddamn video games I've ever played in my entire freaking life. I mean, it's horrid. It is a horrid game.
Well, remember we mentioned, I think it was last week or the week before last, about Atari's big games that are coming out? What, the Alone in the Dark series?
There's Dragon Ball Z, Budokai Tenkaichi 3, and then there's such wonderful titles like Godzilla Unleashed and Jenga.
Yay, Jenga. Who thought that was a good idea?
Odd1 says, Pit Fighter for Super Nintendo, proof that I was stupid as a child.
It's okay, Odd1.
Seriously, Jenga, what the hell were you thinking?
I mean, it's hard enough to play the game as it is, but, oh, let's play the Wii, that'd be even easier.
Because everyone wants to play- the only reason that people aren't playing Jenga is because it isn't set under the sea or in some fantastic fictional world.
That's why people aren't playing Jenga. Not because, you know, it's Jenga or anything.
Seriously, look at this box art. Here's the Sega Genesis version, which was put out by Tengen and, yes, developed by Atari.
Look at this. I forgot about the dominatrix lady fighter they had in it. I mean, this is a horrible fucking game.
Why is that guy just in his underwear?
Because that's what they wore when they fought, was panties.
Dominatrix fighters.
It would be manties.
Yes, manties. Digitized manties. That's what you have to look forward to in Pit Fighter.
Well, good riddance, Atari. Your time is up. Your fifteen minutes are over.
All right. Well, Loki jumped the gun a little bit because we were actually supposed to have the mailbag segment before that.
Eh, whatever.
That's all right. We can be fluid here on the show. We can, you know, change things around on the fly.
So, Dark Soccer, are you ready to do some mailbags?
Sure. All right. When you send us emails at mailbag.orangelandradio.com,
Jamie will read the emails and she'll pick out her favorite emails and read them.
And that's what she's going to do right now here on the program.
Let's open up the mailbag.
First email dun dun dun comes from Robert M., who is a regular writer, I would say, to our station.
And, actually, I have a slight problem with my email because what happened is I had a problem with Firefox doing its...
I'm going to close the new thing again.
And it didn't reload all the windows, so let's go back to this.
Just to clarify last week's letter, while playing the game to a podcast would indeed be bizarre.
He's talking about Faze. What I meant is that if you play Faze before you sync your iPod with iTunes,
it will not credit the songs or podcasts played during that session.
So, let's say I listen to OLR Part A, 30 songs play Faze through my break at work.
I listen to 20 more songs followed by a viewing of the latest Ask A Ninja episode.
Once I sync my iPod to my computer, but the iPod and iTunes will completely forget that 50 songs of podcasts have been played.
I'm not sure why this is. I have the 5th generation 30GB model, if that makes any difference.
Secondly, in the ideal way, Nintendo doesn't add an option to view the most recently added Miis.
Since two of the four options, one of which is the default, show the most popular Miis,
assumes that the most popular Miis can only get more popular, and the newer ones get entirely overlooked.
If you ever see any Miis who look vaguely like members of the US, whose line is it anyway, let me know.
Looking forward to your next show, Robert M.
That would be nice, but it'll never happen, because they're lazy.
That has been sort of proven.
Next one.
And actually, we got an email from someone who's asking technical questions on the station,
which I will actually be replying to off of the air.
But I'm acknowledging that we received one from DJ Mikey Mike, which I think is actually kind of funny.
Then we got a review of a game from Xenocore, who actually sent the email about Oreno Riori, which we had Rob look up.
So I'm going to go through and read this email.
Hey Ola, the Xbox 360 controller is a good addition to my control set for my PC.
I use it for my classic games quite often.
However, I wonder if anyone else is having the same issue that I am.
However, I test the inputs for the controller, but the triggers seem to be on the same axis.
If I use the left trigger, the axis goes to 0%, and if I pull the right one, it goes to 100%.
Pull both of the axis stays at 50%.
Also, the right stick will only show movement in the low left to high right diagonal.
I can't use it as a second analog control. What the fuck?
I thought Microsoft made PC controls better than this.
Hopefully, it's just the crack my roomie snuck into my food.
One more thing.
Since my question had folks guessing, allow me to tell you why I seek the knowledge that I do with the quick review of Oreno Riori for the PS1 Japan.
My cooking, as it is known in the US, is a DualShock-centered cooking simulation.
The player is a head chef of a cooking establishment that has you preparing various dishes, depending on the restaurant's theme, ramen, fast food, etc.
To use the first stage as an example, you take the customer's order as they walk in, start the soup for the ramen, chop the vegetables for the ramen, the thinner the better.
One stick is used for your hand position.
The other controls the chef's knife.
You take the soup off of the heat before it burns, you put the ramen in the brim of the blob, ok.
You cook ramen.
The game comes in here. You have six seats that can be full at one time.
Managing what you work on and when is the name of the game.
In your prep time, your orders will pile up, causing the irate customer to leave before you are done and lower your restaurant's rating.
Hey, isn't there a Flash game like that on Yahoo?
Except you're just serving people.
You mean Diner Dash?
Diner Dash, that's it.
While you are running the restaurant, other random events occur.
These show up as attacks on the other players in versus mode.
A customer may leave without paying.
You have to chase him down, kill the roaches that flood into the restaurant with your shoe, call the police on wandering drunks that enter the restaurant, and washing dishes.
There's a link here on that.
The game is a blast to play.
If you like Cookie Mama and want to feel like a short order cook from Rolf House, give this game a shot.
It makes Cookie Mama look like a welcome part.
Dr. Sarkar, this game is especially worthy of a spot in your import collection.
Maybe.
Hopefully you won't kick Cookie Mama to the curb after playing this one.
As always, keep up the good work on the show.
Yours truly, Xenocore.
Rama is suggesting Iron Chef for the Wii, and Son of Dad in chat room is suggesting Hell's Kitchen for the Wii.
That would be great. My Wii could swear at me and tell me what a horrible person I am when I botched this.
I thought they were doing a Hell's Kitchen Wii game.
Or not a Wii game, but a Hell's Kitchen game.
A Playstation 2 game or something, yeah.
I want to say I heard something about that too.
There you have it.
That sounds like an interesting game, though.
I would check it out, yeah.
Why not?
People do play stuff on PS1.
Howdy, O.O.R.
I've heard this guy mention the fondness for old school Zork and an enthusiasm I share.
I thought you guys might be interested in this, and this is www.ifcomp.org.
I-F-C-O-M-P.
It's one of the few yearly contests.
This one just wrapped up for Homebrew Text Adventures.
There's quite a community out there of interactive fiction enthusiasts.
I've designed a half-assed I.F. game or two, but never finished anything, so I think that these intrepid designers deserve a round of applause.
I encourage anyone interested in the medium to check it out.
It can be used in some fascinating ways and often surpasses gaming and story and character development.
Anywho, keep keeping on. You guys rock.
Atreyu.
You know, I want to say about a year ago, there was somebody that did an Orange Lounge Radio Text Adventure game.
I seem to remember playing it.
It was pretty fun.
It was very funny. It was very cool.
I would like to see a sequel done.
This one comes from Ospher, which actually I think I have two emails from Ospher.
I'm sorry, you're limited to one email a week.
The other one's really short, so I'll just...
Fine.
Actually, it doesn't matter. The other one's a request, so I'll read the one.
Hey, O.R.
Hey.
I was just curious about your names.
Sky, Dark Sakura, and Loki.
Yeah, it's this question again.
We haven't gotten this question in a while. Why not?
What's the story behind them, and when did you start using those names?
As for mine, Ospher is simply a cross between Zephyr, one of my favorite Bimani songs, and Austin, which is my real name.
Oops.
Well, I guess you wanted us to know if you were reading it online.
Random comment.
Final Fantasy Tactics, The War of the Lions is my new anti-drug.
Thanks, Ospher.
P.S.
I know that you'll do what you want, but I still insist for a star for the Sega Genesis.
I've tried to describe this game to people, and I get weird looks, but trust me, it's a gem. Play it.
I know, I've played it.
P.P.S.
Yara, sponsored by Kmart.
P.P.P.S.
I want to hear Loki rant in an English accent.
Well, maybe we can get Loki to tell us about his name in an English accent.
No, I'm not doing that.
Well, won't you give us a jolly old story?
I'm not even trying tonight.
Alright, tell us about your name.
It's named after a Norse god.
I started using it when I was playing Qsar.
A lot.
O.M.G., you didn't get it from Dogma?
No, actually, if anything, I got it from The Mask.
Alright, there you have it.
Well, mine was, I used to be a Japanese major when I lived in Alabama.
Go fig.
I was actually going into the JET program, which is why I was doing it.
But our teacher decided that she would give all of us names in Japanese in class
so that when we were doing stuff in class, we would just use those names.
My French teacher did the same thing, too.
I was actually taking French and Japanese at the same time, which I never recommend doing.
But she was trying to think of one for me, and since I was born in the spring in April,
she gave me Sakura for the cherry blossoms blooming in April.
So that's how I got it.
And I just decided at the time when everyone else was making dark names,
I put dark in front of it.
Because you were emo.
This was pre-emo.
Yes, but you're always on the cutting edge, Jamie.
I am.
But the other funny thing about this is that I met somebody on AOL who went by Evil Sakura
who was mad at me for getting dark Sakura,
but it turned out her boyfriend knew Dan because Dan at the time had
RichterDX, as in DraculaX, and her boyfriend had RichterDXX
and had gotten into a stat with Dan over their code names,
and it turns out that this guy is Chris Tang.
Oh, wow.
So that's how we met him.
It's a world of laughter.
Small world, huh?
It's a world of tears.
It's a world of hope.
This is back in the day.
I wish I had a funny story to my name.
Mine is just like this constant evolution.
I don't know.
How do people pick screen names?
They pick something that sounds interesting.
And so my very first screen name was Green Sky,
because if the sky were green, that would be different but cool,
and that is kind of how I perceive myself.
I'm different, but I like to think I'm cool, even if kids tell me otherwise.
But that name is taken on a lot of sites.
There are five other green skies out there, so it's hard to use that name.
So at one point I decided to spell sky differently,
so you put an IE instead of Y.
So it was Green Sky, and then one day I said,
I'm not green anymore, so it was just Sky.
And that's the real deal, like how my name came about.
It's just one constant evolution after another.
So it's not Ski or Grenski or whatever people say.
It's just Sky.
That's it.
And it works.
I'm GZDR4EV.
I actually had the name before there was a Dark Sakura,
before there was a Sakura in Street Fighter.
I was in college in 1994.
No, I started taking Japanese in early 1995, so this predates.
However, I did think it was funny that there was a Dark Sakura later,
and I said that I should sue Capcom for name infringement,
but it was a joke.
You should.
I actually adopted the character as my avatar later on,
so I even sunburned all the pictures I had and gave her red eyes.
All right.
Well, there you have it, the story of our names.
Was that the last email?
Yes, it was.
All right.
Mailbag at orangelaundry.com if you have further things to contribute.
Meanwhile, we go back into the gaming news with this story out of Brazil.
That's right, gaming news out of Brazil,
and this is actually pretty awesome.
This is a company called Tech Toy,
and what they're doing is that they're basically licensing from Sega
the right to make an official portable Genesis, or if you will, Mega Drive.
It's an official portable Mega Drive,
and it has a little controller and three buttons on it.
I would say it looks like a Game Boy Micro, but bigger,
and it has the buttons on it, and it has 20 games already on it.
Alex Kidd, Sonic and Knuckles, Golden Axe, Echo the Dolphin,
and of course the color of the unit is blue, just like Sega.
The 20 games are already pre-installed on the unit.
Unfortunately, you can't add to them or take away from them
once you have the 20 games.
That's all you get.
So they say.
It runs on three AAA batteries.
Kind of interesting.
It will cost about the Brazilian equivalent of $100 US.
December 5th is the day it comes out,
just in time for Brazilian Christmas,
which there will be no snow.
I'll tell you something about that.
There might be.
Brazil's a big country, and there's lots of mountain ranges,
but I think it's the other time of year over there, so anyway.
Well, something about that is that actually,
Dan was pointing out to me,
and this was a couple years ago that he pointed out to me,
is that the Sega Master System actually still has a very big following in Brazil,
because a lot of the Master System sites that he found,
or even a lot of ROMs that he found when we both used to be heavy into emulation,
were games that were Genesis games that we knew on the Genesis,
but had been put out for Master System
because they had come out over there on Master System.
I think all of our Brazilian listeners,
of which there ought to be a few,
because Brazil's a big fucking place, right?
It's just as big as the US almost, right?
So I think all our, if not bigger,
Brazilian listeners should get together and pool money enough.
Like if everybody chips in,
let's say there's like 10 people listening to Brazil,
I'll chip in $10 and send us one of these,
because it sounds kind of fun-ish.
I'll fully pay for one.
Let me know what the ratio is,
and I'll totally pay for one.
Nice.
I want one.
I want one too, but I don't want to have to pay for it,
because I'm cheap.
All right.
We'll see.
Anyhow, so that's all I got to say on the portable Mega Drive.
It is out in Brazil, or coming out soon.
Well, this makes me a very, very sad panda,
although I'm not a panda.
It makes you a sad Jamie?
It makes me a sad me, but not an MII.
All right, what is it?
Stuff.
Marvel Universe Online,
there's actually a rumor of cancellation going out.
It's been stated that the MMO has run into,
quote, serious, potentially stalling developmental troubles.
Of course, I find it funny that my reference here,
which is on joystick,
said that probably because everyone wants to be Wolverine.
Not me!
So apparently it wasn't Banjo-Kazooie.
Oh, is that the big main game
that looks like it's getting cancelled, Marvel?
Was that supposed to be an Xbox 360 exclusive?
I thought it was on PS3 and Xbox.
No.
Oh, that is a big deal then,
because that was like Xbox's MMO,
which it was only going to be playable on that system.
Yeah, because it wouldn't have totally been just exactly
like City of Heroes or anything like that.
But it would have been Marvel.
It might have been kind of cool.
Eh, nope.
Eh, we'll see.
I want to see a fighting game.
I need to do that Mortal Kombat versus DC.
That'd be pretty cool.
Anyways, so the King Kong game is coming out here pretty soon.
Wait, the King of Kong game?
DVD, sorry.
I think Donkey Kong came out like 20 years ago.
Hey, they're going to make a game based on this movie you watch.
There's a lot of bad ideas out there
and people are waiting to jump on that stuff.
Orange Lounge Radio bringing you the late breaking news.
Oh, hey kids, did you hear about that totally rad Donkey Kong
that's coming out?
No, listen, dude.
Okay, the King of Kong game, okay?
You'll play as the people playing Donkey Kong.
This is like even better than Donkey Kong,
because you're playing people playing Donkey Kong.
Anyways, so yeah, the DVD's coming out soon, in January,
being put out by New Line.
Actually, we're doing some of our work for this thing.
They're having me set up some sort of Donkey Kong competition.
Are you going to have the guys there?
No.
They should come.
No, we're low budget, okay?
They asked me to download the virtual console game,
yet I see no monies for this.
They said they'll pay me back later
and then they're going to put it on our big theater screen.
Anywho, so yeah, it's going to be coming out apparently January 29th.
Yeah, but it'll be out on the internet long before.
Probably as soon as screeners come out for that.
People pirate that shit like crazy.
I'm sure there's already a version that's one of those cameras.
The question is, why would you want to pirate this?
I mean, seriously.
I have heard it's a good movie.
It's a good movie, but seriously, is it worth wasting a DVD for me?
Come on.
I want to see it.
You should not talk negatively about this.
I'm not talking negatively about it.
No, it's like, I don't know, it'd be like pirating Gigli.
The one crazy dude we met at all games I think is in this movie, Mr. Awesome.
Was he there when you and I both went?
I know there was one time I went down there and he was there.
I think it might have been a different time when I was there by myself.
It might have been just you because I don't remember.
I think so.
I was there one time by myself because I was there on the road trip.
I think he was in the movie.
Obviously, I'd remember someone named Mr. Awesome.
Was he at E3? He was probably at E3 that year.
I don't know.
Someone named Mr. Awesome needs to be punched in the face.
I mean, seriously.
I'm Mr. Awesome.
This guy was interesting.
There's really no other word to describe.
He was one of the most interesting fellows I've ever met.
I'm sure he was interesting.
Retarded.
No, I'm not going to talk negatively, Loki.
We're not going to have that on this program.
He was just interesting.
Also interesting is the fact that another movie is being made into a hip new game.
Ghostbusters.
But I'm not talking about that old-ass Commodore 64 game.
Although that game was rad.
That was one of the first Commodore 64 games I ever remember owning.
I believe this was on the 2600 and all the other systems.
But there was a new Ghostbusters game coming out.
It's not a remake of the old one.
It's a brand new Ghostbusters game.
This being previewed by an issue of Game Informer magazine.
Apparently some game footage has already hit the internet.
Although it's kind of a bit of a rumor.
No, it's been confirmed.
Is it being confirmed?
If you go to Ghostbustersgame.com, there's a bunch of stuff there too.
Wow.
Anyway, the game is supposed to be a sequel to the first two films.
Since they never did make Ghostbusters 3.
And now the actors are getting kind of old.
Well, the game is supposed to be a sequel to the first two films.
Zootfly is developing it.
And we don't know exactly what platforms it will be on.
But you can probably guess it will be most of the next gen systems.
I do kind of hope though it's on Wii.
Because I think it will be fun to try and not cross the streams on the Wii.
With the whole zapping things.
But anyway.
I don't know if it might be coming out on the Wii.
Here's the other great thing about it.
Bill Murray, Dan Aykroyd, Harold Ramis.
They are all actually a part of the game.
They're apparently writing the script and doing all the voice overs.
So that is kind of cool to know that it's authentic.
Please don't suck this game.
I don't know if Zootfly is actually developing it though.
I know that they were doing something similar.
I think this is actually Nvidia.
It's the same team that worked on it.
Oh my bad.
Sorry.
It was originally rumored as Zootfly.
It's the same team that put together these Scarface games.
So, you know.
That would be cool.
I hope it's cool.
But guess what Rob?
You can pre-order right now through GameStop and you get free shipping.
Because those fuckers will take pre-orders on everything.
Wow.
I think I just got linked some footage here from YouTubers.
Oh, that was crap.
GameGame.com.
Who?
God damn it.
Who linked me to something from G4?
God damn it.
Who did that?
That was SSG100.
Oh, actually no.
That does have the gameplay footage.
I don't care.
It's from G4.
There's a Dutch site that had it also on there.
That's pretty good.
I'm going to try and find.
Here's the game.
Okay.
This looks like the game itself.
Yeah.
Oh good.
Isn't that like an actual first person?
Yeah, I mean maybe we're going to get Ghostbusters Go to Hell which you've been talking about
for like 15 years and I cannot wait for this game.
I can't listen to this.
But it looks cool.
It looks like Resident Evil but like Ghostbusters.
Well, what I like about it is that it's an over the shoulder view and not a first person.
I think that's pretty cool.
Okay.
I've been sent a corrected link from SSG100 Matt without the G4age.
Thank you.
All is forgiven SSG100 Matt.
No?
This is still.
Shame on you.
I'm picking them again.
Are you sure you didn't have the old address copied still?
Maybe I did.
Hold on.
I just think that's highly inappropriate to do to give me such sub par.
Hold on.
Just let it go.
Wait.
Hold on.
Let me try this one.
They may have their little bumper on there but that's it.
No, it's the same shit.
Forget it.
I don't care.
I've noticed something that if you try to click on the video in window to the next sometimes
it will leave the old thing copied.
Brilliant.
That happened to me with the paddle cap.
Okay.
Here we go.
Somebody grayed out the G4 part in the beginning.
That's great.
I approve of this link.
That does look kind of fun.
I hope that is the Wii.
That's a 360.
Yeah.
The graphics look very 360.
They do.
Wait.
Keep going because there's a part where they show the Stay Puft Marshmallow.
Yes.
Wow.
They shot him in the face.
That game looks like it's going to be kind of fun.
Wow.
Very cool.
I would play it.
But guess what else I would play.
What else would you play?
Um.
Luminous.
Luminous is a good game.
I would play that too.
Luminous is coming to Windows.
Wow.
Is it going to have shine in?
It better.
It better have Heavenly Start.
It better have everything else that's awesome about it.
But yeah.
It's going to be on Windows.
So isn't that cool?
That is kind of cool.
Although then again if you think about it Luminous has been hoarded on like every other
thing out there including my cell phone so this does kind of make sense.
I need Luminous for my iPhone.
Give me Luminous on my iPhone I'll be happy.
Keep on dreaming.
Now you know what would be cool is like a version of Luminous on your iPhone that uses
the songs from your iPhone.
That would be cool.
That would be cool.
There you go.
Something not so cool is apparently R-Type Command which is better known as R-Type Tactics
in Japan.
It is coming out over here according to GameStop's website on March 4th.
Although that's probably a placeholder date.
But for $39.99 it is a tactical version of R-Type.
That means it's not going to be cool.
It's being put out by Atlas and I believe it says the game requires or it says excuse
the lightning fast reflexes need to avoid enemy fire.
Instead offering a turn based hex based strategic game play.
You will not just control one ship with a fleet of ships.
I don't know.
It sounds stupid to me.
If it's tactics it sucks.
It's like what would it be like Ikaruga tactics or something like that.
Hey dodging all those bullets is really hard so let's just make it turn based.
Yeah.
Awesome.
If by awesome you mean not at all then yeah.
Let's just call it R-Type Extremely Awesome.
Alright yeah not a game I'm very interested in checking out.
R-Type is cool and all but it's not that cool.
Let's face it.
Skype line open for business www.orangeloungeradio.com.
Click on interact with us for all the details.
Our Skype name is Orange Lounge Radio and our telephone number 1-877-GAME-OLR.
You know how long we've been doing Skype a long time.
I think we are actually like one of the first shows ever that use Skype.
Maybe the first.
I don't know if we can stake that claim but it might be worth a shot.
Let's go to the phones.
Hi you're on Orange Lounge Radio.
Who's this?
This is Jason.
Hello.
The awesome the awesome the Jason or something like that.
The X awesome Jason X awesome V. What's up?
I was kind of curious.
Has anybody ever played Marble Mania on the Wii?
Marble Mania on the Wii. Marble?
Kororimpa Marble Mania or Marvel?
Yes Kororimpa.
I have played Kororimpa and my old roommate known as Xtaphor on this program was obsessed with that game for a little while.
For like a week.
And I played it too.
It was a very very cute and very interesting game.
My old roommate from Arizona came up here what two weekends ago I believe.
And this is one of the games that he owned and I had never even heard of it before.
And it's to me you know I don't know how how much exposure it got.
It seems like a very unknown game that was actually very very very fun.
I think what happened is that like it kind of felt like an Xbox Live arcade game in a way.
Like it just had so much in common with like Marble Blast and some of those games.
But the tilt control.
But yeah but it had the tilt control which is kind of fun.
No I played it it was fun.
And I seem to remember that one night Rice Princess and Xtaphor were up like laughing all night long.
Because there was like the penguin that would fart while it rolled around.
And it made this little pfft pfft pfft noise.
And it was like really really funny in a five year old kind of way.
I had the penguin but I never actually played with it.
So I used the more mission targeted ones.
Check it out it's hilarious.
And yes it was a Konami game.
And they also did you know obviously DDR and Dewey's Adventure and all this other stuff.
Really?
You don't see.
Well it came out around the same time as Wing Island as well.
And they were both kind of very under the radar and kind of average.
I thought it was kind of neat though because you could play two players on one controller.
If you had one person use the nunchuck and the other person use the remote.
Huh.
So.
I don't know.
Well then three cheers for Kururimpa from our studly Jason.
What else have you been playing lately?
I have been playing Super Paper Mario which is immensely better than Paper Mario.
I never played Thousand Year Door but Super Paper Mario is actually pretty addicting.
You sound pretty in love with your Wii right now.
If it's not 360 which in last I'd say in this week it hasn't been so much I go
between the two.
I was marching through Resident Evil 4 which I still haven't beaten.
Oh Resident Evil.
Okay.
Much like I revealed the I don't play Zelda very often and everybody called me a blastomer.
I know.
I'm sorry.
I've played Resident Evil 2 a couple times but all of these kind of stopped not too terribly
far into it.
Code Veronica was the one game that I got I think about halfway through with but I just
kind of stopped playing it.
Resident Evil 4 with the Wii controls.
Big exception.
That made that game so unbelievably fun.
I haven't played Resident Evil 4 on the Wii yet but honestly I thought it was great on
the GameCube so like the Wii would just add even more to it.
Wide screen and motion controls sounds hot.
Wide screen, the free aim pointing.
That's the best part of it is that you have the full screen to aim with the remote.
It makes it the best.
It's great.
It's so fun to control.
It's so fun to play.
Sounds hot.
All right Jason we've got to let you go to get some more calls but any other thoughts
from our listeners?
I own Metroid Prime Corruption and I haven't even opened it and played it yet.
Oh my god that game is great.
You need to do that now.
I know but I have so many things I want to play.
Tonight Jason.
Tonight you are to open that game tonight and play.
You must.
Don't tell me no.
You know you can't tell me no I'm cute.
This is true.
All right.
All right Jason and say hi to Ry for us.
Will do.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
Our lovely webmaster Jason, VX Jason awesome XV sex V Jason calling in.
1877 game OLR or we can just take this call.
Hi you're on Orange Launch Radio.
Who's this?
Yo what's up?
It's Rannie.
Rannie what's up?
Not much.
Hi.
Remember.
Hey Jamie.
Hi Loki.
He's ignoring you.
Wow.
Hello.
He's ignoring you Wow
Microphone down. Oh, sorry. Okay. What's that problem? Remember a few weeks ago you talked about the movie press start
Yes, wasn't that that one that looked like this like horrible like not even a b-movie but like a c-movie production
But not that that's necessarily a bad thing like done by like total hardcore nerds
It was fucking awesome
See it was a great my room my roommate ordered it and we watched it last night. Oh my god. It was great
What was tell now without ruining it too much tell us something that was like really funny about it
It's just the homages and the parodies and the respects to gay to old-school gaming
The plot was like very Final Fantasy ish
The opening was paper boy and well it went on from there
Did it seem like this was a video game movie that got it like it was actually made by gamers and like for people in?
the know
Yes, and I believe you can make a drinking game out of this were there any well-known actors in it
No brand new people just a total like C movie. How about nudity? Was there any nudity in the film?
No, but there was I'm a nearly naked chick. Okay. Well, that's that's right. That's close to nudity. That's partial nudity
All right, good good times. So cool
Then we'll have to put that on our Christmas list to check out that movie anything that you've been playing this week
Let's see. I've been playing phantom hourglass on and thanks to Jane. I've been playing our own
He he he he he he no dear watch out. The cancer is spreading
Not bad plus I fired up on Age of Mythology been playing that again
Very cool. Sounds cool, and I've been playing that new sim pack that's been coming out for step mania
What was it orange lounge revolution? Oh, well revolution. Did you check it out?
Yeah, what'd you think?
Rob what how come you're not on American Idol? Oh, shut up
My worst fear about that stinking thing is that those karaoke things are gonna get out there was something I did
It was a stupid thing like three people were listening like nobody listened back in the day
But go figure one of those three people was recording and now it's out there forever
Horrible horrible, but I do I mean even though that's end of it I can do without I think it's extremely flattering that people actually
Took the time to create
Something related to orange lounge radio and and some of our in jokes say it's incredibly flattering
So thank you to everybody who was involved because I knew like probably like six different people contributed step files backgrounds
I mean, it was a group project. So well done to all
Definitely and after playing and I suggest the DT. We need to do something new
All right. Well, then you'll have to get a hard at work on
Ol revolution second mix plus I'm no not dancing not dancing. Oh, oh a new game
I suggested orange lounge the revolution the fighting game. Well, wait, what about a new game, right?
There was yes, there was a well our versus age AGI wasn't there at some point
I was like, well before we get to that we gotta have the first game which would have to be orange lounge the fighter
I say AGI to fighter then the versus match. I see I see so we will build to the versus game. That's good
All right. Well, you guys get to work on that any last thought any last thoughts for the callers Rambo before we let you go
I think we'd start this after the holidays, you know when everybody's like oh
Let's make a fighter. That's fine when everybody's that's what that's when I'm gonna finally get around to redoing the website into something viewable
We'll be around holidays. All right. Take care Rama. Love you guys. Later. Mwah. Bye
If you'd like to give us a call one eight seven seven game
Ol our username on Skype orange lounge radio all one word smooshed together. No spaces. No dashes. Nothing
All right
The Rob D says good luck with the AG side
I'm one of the few fighting fans and I guess AGI has been on a bit of like a kind of like a little bit
Of a hiatus in the past few weeks and I think that's because Scott's been on a little bit of a hiatus
and I think that's because Scott's been going on the road doing like a reality show type thing with these guys who are
Like a counter-strike team. I think it was I watched I watched the pilot that he had posted
It wasn't bad. Is it because his writers went on strike? No, this was planned before the writers went on strike
No, I meant his writers went on strike, you know for all his jokes. I don't think his writer
I don't know. He has writers if they are they're definitely not Union
But yeah, I watched the pilot. It's not bad
He posted all over if you have all games friended or whatever was it was a good watch
But the only thing that pissed me off is apparently he was in El Dorado Hills, which is two towns over
Did we get a call? No, I've ever seen that stupid bus thing right there. That was Scott was there
Oh that bastard that bastard didn't give us a call
He has a second punch in the face after mr. Awesome. That's right. I
Saw that bus I'm like, oh my god, there's a counter-strike buzz at that fucking next-level place now
we have these now we have a reason to have the olr fighting game because some of these to punch Scott in the face for
Not calling us when I obviously was in Loki's backyard. I was there. I went to see a movie like god
There's a counter-strike bus here
I'm like, why would they well because it went to this land center next level or something
I we've haven't we all been there. I haven't no I had I have a customer that hates
Their competing land centers or whatever and they they absolutely hate them and they talk crap about them all day long
But um, you know, so I saw them like why is there anyone here? I mean, seriously, it's El Dorado Hills
I mean like does anyone actually play land games here means?
All right. Well, we're gonna go back to the phones and we'll take another call and then we're going to
Get into some last-minute stories be someone awesome. Hello. You're on orange launch radio. Who's this?
Hi legend Zaku, what's on your mind said awesome
Um, um, but I've been much just chilling on this weekend coming
Basically just coming back from tournaments and whatnot. What tournament was it this time?
Those went on Jersey you heard of this arcade called fun and games, which is closing down five months to relocate nearby
So they were just having a holding shit load of tournaments yesterday
No, the only arcade I've been to in Jersey is that eight on the break, which is pretty well known I guess so yeah
But besides that I'm just you know, just gloating over the fact that just you know a game like
Like Mario Galaxy, you know
Now last week you were so freakin excited like you had so much energy last week when you called in the thing
Is that it's like more it's basically plays like Mario 64 the whole thing plays like it and that's a bad thing
Good job. It plays its motion. You know, it's basically Mario 64 motion controls and if your graphics and
You know, I mean when you place when you play Mario 64, I mean
You get that feeling of just you know that new innovate anyway innovative, you know
Just you'll die instantly and you have life
Or is this one? I don't know. I guess it kind of
Kind of here's what it boils down to. Here's what boils down to a Zaku is that did you have fun?
Because if you have yeah, I was happy
Yeah, I know I just got to give a little bit more time since I played I only played in Nintendo
We're you know launched last week then again. I have I haven't picked up the full game myself yet
I tried to go to Toys R Us this week to pick up the game because they're doing that whole $25 gift card thing and
Once you know what they didn't get the game the day it came out. There's some shipping delay
I don't know probably some frickin truck full of Super Mario galaxies tipped over on the freeway or some shit
So I didn't buy it
But I did we did that preview last week and I got I was lucky enough to get to play it for the 40 minutes
It was fun to see I would get a week, you know, I would just I would seriously get a week
There was you know more
More in terms of a little bit more hardcore games
I know they're trying to stick to the you know, I'm trying to stay on you know, the course of all casual thing
I mean, I already know Metroid and you know whatnot but stuff like I don't know
I'm just gonna make good use of the motion controls
You know and especially the online stuff that's pretty much lacking
They want to compete with you know against Microsoft and Sony but brawls gonna be sexy
That's I know right here probably gonna be so I think that's gonna be like the new you know
The new game for anime conventions. Oh Lordy's. Yes, you're gonna see a whole bunch of like those otaku folks
She's duking it out with the motion controls and whatnot. It's gonna be the new tournament game
February. All right, Zaku any other thoughts for our listeners before we take some more calls. Um
Just gotta love the hypocrisy of people banning Mass Effect one day and unbending the other
Talking to you see this one. All right
Rock on Zaku
right
I
Sounded so let down at the end there rock on right
All right. Oh Mass Effect sounds like it'll be fun. No one looking forward to Mass Effect. I can rock on with Mass Effect
Mass Effect was oh, it's too much talking though, right?
It's seriously 25 minutes to get those like listening to the Skype segment of this program. It's not necessarily like that
It's just you know, blah blah blah blah blah. We got set the story blah blah blah blah
it's funny though because like you you pick your backstory and stuff and it's just it's really but there's lesbian sex and
In the way you get the name your character
But they all call you by your last name because you can't change that
All right, we're getting another call sir. We got to get to it. All right. Hi, you're on orange loss radio
Who's this? This is Brad from pod culture. Hello Brad from pod culture a long time. Go talk. What's on your mind?
That's the first time I've been able to listen to the live feed in about a month
Well who said you were excused to leave for one? No, I'm kidding. I know things get in the way
Well, I heard a Zaku
Talking about Super Mario Galaxy
Yes, pick that up yesterday and let me think it's the most fun
I've had in the game in a long time and that's what a lot of the reviews are saying
Did you hear this week Mario Galaxy is now like the official like number one rated game ever on that
I don't know if it's metacritic or one of those other like game rankings. That's what this game rankings calm is surpassed
Ocarina of time is the number one game now granted one negative review will fuck that all up at this point
But right now it is like the number one game of all time
Which actually kind of surprised me because I thought generally Bioshock was getting better reviews this year, but go fig
People let me not play Bioshock yet. I can't judge on that but it's the first Wii game
I've seen where the controls haven't felt tacked on
Aha
Because because this this was the game and I think a lot of people have kind of described it this way
This was the game that the Wii was kind of made for
Like this was Miyamoto's big idea
Like here's how I want to do the next Mario game and they're like, okay Miyamoto. You're so fucking awesome
We'll build a console around it
It is it's really cool because it's it just feels natural and playing it and it's still it was a
Had an old-school feel but it still had the new controls and pretty graphics
But it was a lot of fun and it had that little bits of retro ness that you've come to love from Nintendo
Like tell me when you were watching that opening scene and the airships came in and the old-school airship music from Mario 3 play
Tell me that wasn't awesome. Oh
Even when he goes down the tube and it makes the little sound. Yeah, it's great little touch of retro ness
That makes it makes it awesome. So for him when you're in one of the hidden levels in it
You follow have to pick up the notes and plays a little Super Mario Brothers scene. Oh, that's right
I remember that that was cool. We saw that and one of the levels we played good times
Anything anything else you've been playing lately besides Mario Galaxy? Nah, too busy getting stuff ready for
My girlfriend's trip to the hospital. Oh, no. Sorry to hear that. I hope everything's okay. Oh, yeah. Yeah
We'll have her in our plumbing removed
Okay, well we'll have her in our thoughts and hope everything is well and and you'll have to bring her a DS or some games
To cheer her up or maybe doctor who he's mean for what's that picked up harvest moon for her Gameboy Advance
There you go
That will keep a person occupied for a long-ass time to like finally like get anything accomplished in that game. It'll be great
All right, I just got that saying it call in and say yeah that it's Super Mario is probably the
Most fun and a long time on that of the game you think it's gonna be game of the year. I
Think it's got a broader appeal than some of the other games that have been rating real high like bow shock won't appeal to
Everybody or Halo 3 won't appeal to everybody but Mario Galaxy has more of a wider appeal
I think that's a dang good point
You're right
A lot of the games that are kind of leading the race for game of the year right now
May not have that same family friendly quote-unquote appeal that Mario Galaxy has and that is so important during the Christmas time rush
very good point
Well Brad, thank you so much for calling in as always
We'd love to hear from you and and hope everything is okay for you this holiday season already. All right
Yes. All right. Take care, buddy. Later on. Bye. Bye
Very good point there Super Mario Galaxy may not be the game of the year for the hardcore gamer
But certainly a broad game
Of course, we will be doing a grand Christmas show this year just like we did last year
I should say end of the year show more details on that throughout the month of December
We have more calls higher on orange launch radio. Who's this?
Hey, what's up guys? It's Robbie. It's been a while. Wow. Hi a while. How are you Rob?
Not too bad. I've mostly been working on Sunday's closing. So, uh, I work at a bookstore
So, you know retail gets no time off. Gotcha. Yeah, especially
Live in a while. So it's nice to hear you guys. Yes
It's nice to have you on the program and congratulations. You guys have got an icon as well on the marketplace this week
I understand that is true. Now. We actually need to put out a show and your yes
And your icon is very nice looking too. I was very impressed
The funny story about that. Actually, we had a we thought about just toning down our original
iTunes artwork, but we figured that wouldn't be good enough for Xbox Live, right?
I I went to one of the all games chatters DC Nate
awesome guy and
we talked a little bit about camp with an idea for the clock and everything and
Prepared all that in I think four hours because that was how much time he had left before out of the the deadline
Yeah, we had to get that stuff in fast
I remember that because like it was black Bobby was a if I was very firm about the deadlines and uh,
But I understand I mean he was he gave us worrying to give some time, but it was a very it was a very crude process
Yes
I'm actually gonna show the chat some of the
Rejects for the icon because we actually had a couple icons that were almost there, but they were rejected
I'm gonna actually pay some of those in chat. Here's the I'm gonna do the one I did the one
I did has the three faces and I don't know how
Folks might like that one or whatever, but there's that one. Yeah. Congrats to you guys as well
Uh, you're kind of more popular than ours, which isn't too shocking considering. I think only six users are using mine
How would you know? How do you know?
My gamer card dotnet you can there's something called the gamer pic scout. I think interesting. I'll have to take a look at that
Here's another one. That's the one that afro guy originally did but unfortunately just didn't look like resize
But you can see where the arrow scheme kind of came in. So there you go. Anyhow, sorry
Oh, what'd you call in to talk to us about before we derailed you? You've got that also. Sorry
I'm sorry. What did you call in to talk about before we derailed the call?
Well, my uh, my first question
Well, actually my only question you guys is uh now that most of the games have come out for this holiday season
with the exception of Mass Effect, which I actually
That's still that's still uh due to be released in before the holidays before Christmas, right?
That hasn't been delayed there isn't anything new that I know it comes out in a couple days. Yep, almost here. Okay, cool
Um, where would you rank this holiday season compared to other big ones in video game history as far as quality of games go?
I'd say it's it's pretty far out there
But I think 1998 with Ocarina of Time Metal Gear Solid was a probably better in 2001 with Halo
Melee and what was the other big on GTA 3 was probably better. I did complain about this year's games that uh,
to me there's a lack of
Games that that that can be truly considered timeless like a Metal Gear Solid where people will be coming back to it years later
I'm playing it. Maybe galaxy falls into that mold, but
Bioshock is a first-person shooter. That's first-person shooters get tossed to the wayside like
Yesterday's dinner, especially with no no multiplayer to keep people coming back
You know, I gotta say here's the thing about this year's batch of games
I think does make it better than than years past and that is the fact that there's no new consoles this year
There's nothing in the realm of new consoles. There's console redesigns kind of but there's no new consoles
It's really the first year we have we don't even have a new handheld system
It's it's it's wide open as to what's out there
And I think therefore the consoles that are out of the marketplace have had a little more time to mature
Unfortunately, I don't feel PlayStation 3 has used the time to its best of ability
Which kind of makes me think honestly PlayStation 3 should have just come out this year
But who am I I can see why maybe they didn't do it because you know, they want to be out there whatever
But all that aside like you kind of see that now, okay there it's not so much the launch games
We're getting into like the second generation of games and you could say even with 360
Perhaps even starting to get into the third generation of games for the system
I think next year is gonna be even better
Honestly, and then probably the year after that is when you're gonna start seeing stuff about the Xbox 720 or their next project
So you'll kind of start to die down
but I do think kind of like next year will be even better than this year for that reason that there's the
The consoles will have had a little time to age and I think that's the thing about I think you cited 98
I think that was the time when like, you know, 64 had already been out
PlayStation already been out a couple years. I think those, you know systems kind of had their time to
Really get you know, some of their best stuff
Like a fine wine Jason says in chat. There you go
Yeah, that's I was thinking uh, I mean the P
it'll be interesting to see how the ps3 brings it next year because Metal Gear Solid 4 hopefully will be out by next holidays and
You know 360 really brought it to the table this year. Mm-hmm PlayStation 3 brought a few things with a
heavenly sword and a
Well a couple of the other ports that came over from the 360 and hopefully next year
They can just like really keep it moving
Like hopefully the developers don't jump ship because you know home looks really exciting
I think Final Fantasy 13 is gonna have people drooling, you know
I think there's a lot to look forward to from PlayStation 3, but again, it's been a very slow start
But who knows that's a real question
Can I can developers get used to the ps3 and use it to its full potential which?
Most people seem to agree that it does have a lot of potential
It's just really hard to develop for with how like the 8 trillion cores it has on there. Hmm
Interesting. I'm getting a message from DMN that says 21 Xbox Live users have the olr pick according to whatever he found so
That's amazing. I I would be thrilled if two people were using it. Honestly myself and Loki
So yeah, Bobby is winning by a long shot. He had like 220 as of yesterday
I think what Bobby has 220 people using his pick
Yeah, something like that. Let me check
And I'll post a link in chat to all the their community. Yeah, thanks
Wow, Bobby actually get to a page that shows all the ranks of
The ranks of all the community like all the pictures in that pack Wow
That's pretty good. See here. Bobby has 381 evil avatar is
487 now Seattle evil avatar has a huge community behind them. So I believe that
Yeah, you guys have 22
Rock Bobby has what like 15 times the number of people using his picture than we do
AGI is 47. I actually know they have 43. I have eight. Whoo. Whoo
Nice, don't be in the matrix. Well, we need it. We'll get the shows
Damn it. We need people. Okay people using Bobby pictures. He doesn't need it
He's switched over to the olr pick or a t-dig pick
Bobby didn't Bobby don't need the numbers no more
I'm just kidding. I think it's great a lot of support kudos to him. I think it's great to see him at all in this
Absolutely. All right. Well Rob D. Oh
We've given you way more time the other callers. I gotta let you go. But any quick final thoughts for our listeners
Um game on we'll try to get t-dig back
But unfortunately can't make promises since like I'm doing I'm going to work practically full-time in school halftime
But oh, that's you guys know the excuses you guys have been through that before. I'm sure absolutely later. Absolutely. All right. Take care Rob
Good luck to you t-dig was a good show and he hadn't a whole nother guy that edited it too. So
Lots of work that went into that show. All right, maybe one more call
We got time for one more call then we'll jump into the afterbirth in our rock band post show
Actually, I don't see the line ringing. But let's do some quick last-minute stories. Jamie. You have anything for last minute stories
I'm not a Mountain Dew
Almost doo doo doo doo doo doo. I see a little more Mountain Dew. I have a left. Well, all right Loki I was gonna say
Avatar the last airbender the burning earth you can get all
1,000 achievement points in two minutes in that game by just
Backing up into a corner and hitting a button over and over and over again amazing
We got another call higher on orange house radio. Who's this?
This is DMN. Hello DMN. What's on your mind? I
Have a challenge for the three of you. Oh shit. No, no, this isn't anything stupid. I promise
Yeah, I don't know about that. I challenge the three of you
To convince myself and everyone listening that dance dance revolution is not dead go
Is what dance dance revolution is not dead. I
Saw people playing it the other day to the pizza place
Here it is dance dance revolution is not dead amongst children
You've got to look outside the people that grew up with it because we're all ten years older than we were when the game first
Came out but like it's popular still with children children are keeping that series alive. Honestly, you know ten-year-olds love it
That's how DDR is not dead. DDR is not what it used to be. Oh,
That's that's for sure
No, I'll agree with you because I picked up supernova 2 and it's arguably the worst
Musically dance dance revolution game I've ever played in my life interesting because I'm not a lot of people necessarily felt the same way
You know, like I don't think necessarily was received that poorly by the community
But I don't think I don't think people make such a big deal out of these releases anymore
like I think universe 2 is coming out soon and it's kind of being met with this big and
This is this is it. It's
It's not that DDR is a bad game because I know there's a lot of people to work on it and they work very hard
On it, but the problem is that DDR has not innovated much in the past years and I've said this
I don't know how many freaking times but even when supernova came out
It was this you know
It's supposed to be this big triumph at DDR is back and it's alive again and they didn't change a goddamn thing with the basic
structure of the game and I think DDR really needs a big kick in the booty and
the reason why I always praised the ultra mix series on this show previously is that like
Three-quarters of the innovative shit you saw on the console games or all coming from the Xbox series
Things like quest mode things like song lists reaching out into independent music scene, you know all that stuff
that was all innovated by the Xbox team and that's why that
that those types of like innovations at least even when they fail because not everything is done very well like the quest mode in universe
was god-awful, but
You know, I think I give them props for at least trying to innovate a dead game
Well, and then the other thing too is that they keep making so many damn games for it
I mean seriously if anybody is to blame for killing the series, it's Konami
It's because well, let's see this year alone. We had DDR universe come out DDR supernova 2
DDR hottest party and we're gonna have DDR universe 2 coming out and then next year already
I can think of at least two more games that are coming out in the DDR series one
Which is the never talked about DDR Disney mix or just DDR Disney Channel
You know, it's crap like that. It's watering this shit down and it's not really innovative
It's just let's throw some more songs in there and that's it. But you know, they still sell very well
We always sell out of them and you know, if you look in the past, you know
Recent well, I don't know about the recent charts
but I know that DDR extreme 2 was on the top of charts for a long time or at least supernova was and
Supernova 2's not doing bad at all
I mean probably their expectations are lower, but you know, I think it's a lot of it is like hottest party
Mm-hmm. Yeah use the remote nunchuck. That was crap
You know universe I do is gonna be you know, not much more innovative. Okay. Oh great. They brought freestyle mode back
It's a game where you don't have arrows fucking awesome. Here's the thing. Okay, Konami
I one of my favorite game companies ever. I've known people that have worked there
I have great relationships with a lot of folks who work there
Here's the here's the thing my honest like friendly advice to the folks at Konami take a page from harmonics
Because look at what harmonics did is that basically they were given the challenge of oh look guitar hero got taken away from you
But we want to make you we're gonna have you make kind of the same thing and they like took what essentially was kind of
the same fucking game and just
Really ran away with it and with this rock band and kind of made something completely new out of it and this whole like you
Can print your band's t-shirt like this is all like crazy stuff like running away with innovative ideas. I think honestly DDR
might want to hire a consultant from
harmonics I
Don't know what do you think you're doing that I will say you talking about universe
I think musical universe is actually one of the best PDR mixes I've ever played
It had a great variety of music some things that were poppy that I could actually stand because anybody who knows me
And I don't know many people know me that personally. I do not like pop music at all
Having having going from slam to 8-bit to don't play nice, which is a song. I actually enjoyed was a lot of fun
I agree I agree universe has an excellent song list and that's really what
The standard list from supernova 2 without unlocking anything was just a disappointment there was one song
I was like huh, this is awesome. Okay. Wait two because I didn't know one song and there was my gold track
That was a good song, but rock a fellow skank is the only time I'm like, huh? This is a good song
I mean everything else didn't really stand out
And it was a bit of a disappointment
You know honestly and again I paid nothing for it. So I should complain too much. I
Standby that I firmly believe that the best home mix to come out in the US or Japan
Anywhere anytime and probably will always be the best TDR game that comes on the home consoles is ultra mix 2 on the Xbox
And the reason why I agree that is where they took the most risk
They completely changed the people that did the steps to people that really knew the game of DDR inside and out
It's where they took some big risks with the song list that paid off in a huge way
It's where they added these new modes that changed the game and had that Xbox live
Dancing that was kind of explored in the first ultra mix game
But it totally improved on with the you know
Different types of versus mode in the second game. I don't think there will ever be a game DDR game as good as ultra mix 2
period
That made me feel that made me feel as excited about DDR as I did when I first played ultra mix 2
anyway
We got to let you go our times about up, but thanks for the call DMN. Okay. Thanks given guys
Were we able to meet your challenge somehow?
No, it was a good. It was a good discussion, and I actually wanted to call it and not be a bumbling idiot for once
So we appreciate that so we like it
We're not a bumbling idiot if they want to hear you being a bumbling idiot. They should just download ol revolution. Oh
Hearts no, but it would be saying your name over and over in a song. There's nothing wrong with that
But you and drunk drunk revolution seriously WTF OMG WTF bbq. Lol. All right. Bye DMN. All right
All right, that's it for the skype line today. We got to close it up
So we're gonna get on our way out of here. Okay, last minute, sir
Yes, I want to say one more thing because before you before we went to with that call you were talking about
as avatar has huge amounts of achievement points very easily and all you have to do is get in the corner you start a
New game and you basically back up into a corner and keep hitting one button over and over again and you unlock all
1,000 achievement points within two minutes and there's some there's a YouTube of it and it's so fucking easy
It's ridiculous. And so I'm sure you're all over this game
No, you cheap, but I don't even want to play this game. However, if I happen to run upon this game
I'm sure I'll play it for the two minutes that it requires to unlock all achievement points and then throw it aside like I would
Normally, all right. Good luck with that Jamie. We'll take your story real quick. They'll get into Loki's remaining stories
Um, actually this is for anyone who is waiting for unreal tournament 3 on xbox 360
they actually said that it was that it works already and has worked since last spring and
That they've actually put on hold any further development on it because of getting it to work on xbox live
What about that whole like it's supposed to be on a PlayStation 3 first for like it is going to be out on Windows and
PlayStation 3 first
Then they're taking Christmas off and are gonna start working on the xbox 360 version so that they can get it to work with mods
and everything
Interesting. So that's where the delay is, but it works and it has been working and it could be done by now
But no, but there's that deal, but there's the deal and there's also, you know
The fact that they're trying to get it to work on live
All right, Loki anyways
Microsoft is doing an offer which it's less cool now because originally we thought it was for everybody
but apparently if you own an original xbox and you have a paid xbox live account and if you purchase an
Xbox 360 between November 21st and December 21st of this year, you'll be entitled to a free copy of halo 3
So you fill out some sort of form and you get a copy mailed to you. Hooray
Postal 3 apparently we bowls in the game and you can kill him in the game
awesome
And then the Wii Zapper
Apparently with there is of course some pictures that floated on the internet with some unboxing of that and there is a second
Configuration which also begs the question. Why the fuck do you actually need this then?
Where do you take the nunchuck basically out of the Wii Zapper and you just hold the Zapper with remote in there?
Like you would hold the remote normally so it's a piece of plastic. That's completely useless
hooray
But we will soon see can I use the Wii Zapper on a we bowl
Maybe if they put out postal 3 on the Wii have you played manhunt 2 on the Wii yet? No, I really don't
He's just the PSP, huh? Yeah, I
Am you know, I was all excited to get it originally when it was adult only and now I'm just like eh, whatever
It's just not as controversial anymore. I'll play no more heroes. I'll be pretty cool. But you know, yeah manhunt 2
I don't care. All right. Well, that's it for last-minute stories. That's it
Then we're gonna go around to get everybody's final thought we can wrap this up
We've been running an hour 40 just for part B. So we're over so we got a wrap it up Dark Sakura your final thought I
Want pie? Oh
Ooh, my final thought is I'm gonna steal Dark Sakura's iPhone
No, no is mine, but I also want pie Loki
My final thought is I need to take some more extra strength Tylenol. Yay. Sorry to hear about your headache
Well, that's it for this week Dark Sakura. Have a good two weeks off. Have fun in Alabama
I will maybe I will call you on
Sunday sounds good. We I think we originally we're gonna take a week off, but I haven't heard that chatter
So I don't think we're I don't think we are gonna do that
I think we are gonna be live the next two weeks. So we'll be here doing our thing
It could be possible to be here the week after but I might just be dead
Yeah, no, no, you know if you need the night off go for it
and we'll we'll find some of our local favorites to help fill in and
possibly the wheat zapper challenge happens, but if any of our I'm actually gonna be
hopefully meeting up with a friend of mine back there who
I met again through DDR who I met while I lived out here and then it's nothing is kind of funny
So puppies already volunteering to fill in for a night when you're not here. Okay puppy and send me some chocolate
Will you allow puppy to sit in the fluffy blue chair when you're happy can sit in the fluffy blue chair
All right, it used to be the big green chair the big green monster chair, but now it's the fluffy blue chair
It's lightweight and fluffy anyway
That's it folks. We got to play the outro and get on out of here
Thank you very much for downloading and supporting independent radio
If you like what you hear leave us a nice review on iTunes
Tell some friends about the show spread the word because we are independent radio
You now you can change your icon to the olr icon or just some independent radio
Remember we thrive on word-of-mouth. So we really appreciate it until next week. I'm Rob Roberts
That's Loki and in three weeks, you'll be dark soccer again. We are orange lounge radio
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio. Orange Lounge Radio is an Orange Lounge production. For more information on our live and podcast program visit our website at www.orangeloungeradio.com
See you next week
