Orange Lounge Radio
We're your hosts, DarkSakura, Sky and Loco.
Tonight, November 4th, 2007, Nanhunt 2 proves a pot of controversy all its own.
Could Oblivion be headed online?
We discuss the ultimate dodgeball showdown of Pirates vs. Ninjas.
Orange Lounge Radio
Hello everybody out there on the internet and welcome to another week of Orange Lounge Radio.
We are that podcast dedicated to video games, gaming, gaming culture and the gamer lifestyle.
Pretty much like everything to do with video games, you know. That doesn't suck.
My name is Rob Roberts. Joining me as always, say hello to the one and only DarkSakura, Jamie Summers.
How are you doing, Jamie? And your mic is off.
I turned it on. There we go, now we hear you.
I just turned my mic on again.
Maybe it was stuck. It was sticking. Maybe your mic got all sticky.
I didn't do it.
I want to eat my salad.
Well then you can eat your salad very soon. As soon as we do gaming weeks.
Forget that, I'm going to straighten my salad.
Fine. While she dives in, I'm going to introduce. Will you show Op11 your lovely salad from Quizmos before you dine in there?
We webcast her out on the webcam here at operator11.com. There's her lovely salad.
Doesn't make for great radio though, I apologize. So instead I will introduce the one and only Loki.
Hello.
How are you doing, Loki?
I'm doing okay because I figured out, I think, what I did wrong.
What do you think you did wrong?
Because I'm trying to update my firmware of my modchip. I installed it in my Wii and I think I had the toggle switch switched wrong.
It's off instead of on.
I would like to point out that DarkSakura is tossing her salad in the corner.
That's hot.
I'm going to actually toss DarkSakura's salad right here on Op11Cam. Look at that.
That reminds me, I got to get in the chair.
I will explain what I'm doing.
When you get the salads that have lids on them, you can actually get away with using less dressing if you pour however much you want on, close the lid and shake it up really well.
Oh yeah, that's what I always do.
So for anybody who is changing their lifestyle to eat healthier, there's a hint for you.
Tossing your salad can be good for you.
So you don't have to dip your salad like the books tell you to because that's retarded.
Alright, anyhow.
Books are retarded.
I'm sure we'll hear more about Loki's modship questionably legal activities a little later, but in the meantime I want to introduce a guest here in studio tonight.
Tonight we were going to be having Rice Princess and Extifer here, but they backed out at the last second.
Something about a flat tire.
Oh yeah, I'm supposed to believe there's a flat tire.
No, I'm kidding.
Sorry to hear that, but we do have Puppy is here tonight.
Yay.
They could have meant flat tire beer.
That's right.
They could have meant they had to go drink this beer.
I like that thought.
Very good.
Alright.
It's fat tire, not flat tire.
It depends on when you buy the beer.
Maybe they misheard it.
I don't know.
Maybe somebody made a typo.
I don't know.
Alright, because I got the message on MySpace.
When did MySpace replace email?
That's what I want to know.
Like, nobody sends me email anymore.
I just get messages on MySpace.
I have something better than email.
Oh my god.
Jamie whips out the iPhone.
Put it on camera.
Jamie bots herself an iPhone.
It doesn't have your number on it or anything, does it?
No.
Jamie bots herself an iPhone.
You joined the army of those that have these.
What made you decide to take the plunge?
My husband did.
Oh.
We grabbed them and said we want these.
Really?
And you were like, oh no, please stop, don't.
No, what happened is I was going to get a Blackberry.
And being that I do all this business and I need to have a planner on me and I need to
have something that I can keep track of all of my work and my dates and all that.
And I was going to get a Blackberry.
On top of that, I'm a texting fiend.
So, I figured it would be cost effective for me to buy a Blackberry instead of going out
and buying a PDA.
So, we look at them and the activation on them and everything ended up that it would
have been more reasonable or about equal when we did all the math that I could get an iPhone.
Of course, my husband doesn't want to be shown up by his wife.
So, he had to get one too.
And I think this is highly ironic that he's like, we need to watch money, we need to watch
money.
Let's break out the gold card and buy iPhones.
Still a wise purchase though.
You see, you guys say that women defy all logic.
Oh, hell no.
Hell no.
And let's of course introduce the always present other guests on our program, the Chat Room.
Chat.OrangeLawnTrader.com is the place to be when we tape live here on this Sunday evening,
which feels like a very late Sunday evening today, thanks to Daylight Savings Time.
It feels like later than it should.
And it got dark early and all that stuff.
Daylight Savings Time enabled me to stay up until 5 AM.
Yeah, I was up until 5 too.
But anyway, we'll get into that.
Were you playing with your iPhone all night?
Were you tossing your salad all night?
What were you doing?
She's chewing.
Playing Ragnarok.
Oh, addict.
Alright.
I could have guessed that.
I want to introduce the chat.
Let's see.
We're going to chat.
Let's see some comments here.
Xenocore, we'll start off tonight, says, Dark Sakura is tossing her own salad.
Simply amazing.
Is she a contortionist?
Dark Sakura is a woman of many talents.
Not only is she like a classic gaming fiend, but she is a salad connoisseur.
Except I don't think that's very good to put lunch meat in your salad.
This is a little bit weird.
WonderDogHerald also splurged a purchase this week.
I got my refurbed Zune from Woot.com this past week.
It's a baboo.
You don't hear a lot about Zunes.
I love Woot.com.
That's the best site ever.
Woot.com is pretty fucking woot.
Yeah, it makes me say woot.
I've never bought anything on there yet, but I always get there.
Whenever I see something I actually want, it's too late.
It was gone.
I almost bought steak knives on Woot.com.
Why do you need knives?
Because, okay, we have the same.
For eating steak.
Well, not that I eat a lot of steak, but whenever I chop vegetables, I like to use steak knives.
When she decides to chop and then toss her own salad.
You know what?
How old are we again?
The steak knives that we have are the same ones that Dan had when I moved in with him 10 years ago.
So, yeah.
So you need some knife upgrades.
I want a set of Gen 2 dinner knives.
You need to go to the weapon vendor.
Last time I bought knives, I chopped off the end of my finger.
Dude, I was there when that happened, I think.
No, you weren't.
No, but wasn't that when we lived together?
No.
I'm thinking of something else.
I must be thinking of a deep fryer incident.
No, you cut yourself on the knife using a steak knife to open boxes.
No, that was me.
I was using a steak knife to open boxes.
I was preparing.
Actually, it was about maybe a year ago.
It was around Halloween, I thought.
Maybe not.
I don't know.
Anyways, it was around Halloween about a year ago, actually.
It was a year from October 30th because I had bought a brand new knife and I was chopping
flat leaf parsley and not doing it properly and I severed the tip of my finger off.
And then I had to get a bandage put on there and the next day I came into work and someone
asked me if that's my costume and I'm like, you're an idiot.
Yes, finger mummy.
That's my costume.
Finger mummy.
I mean, come on.
I don't know.
Crazy bandage man.
Give me some candy.
It was funny, though, because I'm like, ow.
Or I'm like, I cut myself.
Are you okay?
I'm like, I don't think so.
They come over and there's blood going all over.
It was fun.
I just had a flashback to UHF.
You get to drink from the fire hose.
No, the guy doing the carpentry and sawing off his fingers.
Ow.
I just want to point out as well in our chat room, ShadowNextGen is bragging, I got the
$100 HD DVD player at Walmart.
Did you hear about that?
Walmart's selling HD DVD players for $100 to try and push the HD DVD format.
Sadly, I was in Walmart this week to buy a wireless GameCube controller.
Actually, just a GameCube controller, because I needed one right away, because that's when
I thought that I'd have my mod ship installed by Friday, and fortunately it took a little
longer than I thought.
But yeah, Walmart sucks.
Actually, I might put in the money for one of those if they're still selling them before
I go to Alabama.
But then my house would be the ultimate high definition entertainment home.
Well, if you have a 360, you can buy a $199 HD DVD player.
Or I could spend $100 for a dedicated HD DVD player.
You can actually use that on a PC, though.
Ooh.
I think if you plug it in the USB slot.
Well, I might be getting a Vio anyway.
We're either getting a Vio or an iMac if we buy something put together already.
All right, nerds, we've got to get the talk back to games, because we're already about
10 minutes from the show.
And then I can play all the Loom I want.
All right.
There we go.
Let's get into our gaming week.
Dark Sakura, what have you been playing this week?
Ragnarok.
Again?
Yeah.
I'm working on getting more characters to level 90-ish.
I have one at 92 now.
And then I also looked at Guild Wars, but I didn't play, because my friend who I would
play Guild Wars with now works graveyard.
You just kind of looked at it.
You were like, hmm, it's still there.
Yeah.
It is nice.
It's there.
It's still.
No scratches or anything?
And Dan's been playing Phoenix Wright a lot of it.
Like, I always hear the music.
He's like, you're playing Phoenix Wright, aren't you?
Yeah.
OK.
And I am, though, going to be stealing the PSP, though, now that he's done with Rondo
of Blood.
And I'll be playing the hell out of that, because it's coming with me to Alabama.
I don't care.
Oh, my God.
I'm not going to be able to play Ragnarok when I'm in Alabama.
OMG.
See, by that powerful iPhone can't run Ragnarok.
Well, I can go on my LiveJournal on my, posting on LiveJournal on the iPhone, by the way,
is ass.
It's not what the iPhones are for.
iPhones are for phoning.
And it has an iPod on it, so I can listen to stuff.
You can listen to the Ragnarok soundtrack.
You know, when I actually installed the game, I didn't install the music in it.
Why did you do that?
I just didn't feel like it.
Because, you know, the music takes up a lot of space, and I'm playing on my Lappy.
Is your laptop that crunched for space?
Not really.
Not now that I have my portable hard drive, but, you know, I just don't want to bother
with it.
But, you know, I did actually play some of the games on the Homestar Runner site.
Does that count?
Sure.
Why not?
I was playing Trogdor.
Flash games are awesome.
You know what you could always do?
You could be larping when you're in Alabama, and you could pretend that you're in Ragnarok.
You know, you could be all, Hail!
I'm here to kick you in the face, and then I'll ban you!
Ban you forever!
What?
I used to larp in Alabama.
I played live-action vampire when I was, you know, freshly in college.
You're not supposed to admit to that.
Yeah, but I'm recovered.
You know, the first step of acceptance is...
Admitting you have a problem?
All right.
Oh, yeah.
I admitted I have a problem.
I moved.
Rama is reminding us of the best part of the larp.
This is the part where I run up to Jamie and go, heal, please!
No!
What?
Prawns once, please.
Cuz, cuz, cuz, cuz, this is why.
I don't play Priest, huh?
Except I'm playing a Crusader and people come up to my Crusader and go, heal, please.
Cuz Crusaders can heal.
Kick them in the face.
All right, let's move on.
Loki, how was your gaming week?
It was okay, actually.
Once again, I did not play any of my Ratchet and Clank Future, Tools of Destruction, untrunked
the game, but didn't touch it, so I don't know when I'm gonna play my Playstation 3.
When I played, what was it, God of War Chains of Olympus, a demo for that, it's actually
pretty cool.
I was very surprised, cuz I thought, you know, hey, with one analog stick, how the fuck are
they gonna do this?
But it worked really well, so looking forward to the full game when it comes out.
Definitely worth checking out the demo if you can, however, though, you have to be part
of that stupid Playstation Underground crap that I signed up for a long time ago and they
keep sending me stuff, so I keep playing it.
Then let's see, other than that, I played a little bit of Half-Life 2, some more Portal
for that.
That was fun.
Finally figured out what the weighted companion cube is, so now I get all the jokes and they're
not funny.
And let's see, what else?
Oh, I also played some Halo 3, actually, over, you know, Halloween, and we played over live,
cuz I don't really play much over live, but we went over to a friend's house and for Halloween,
we played Halo 3 while my wife and my friend's wife were playing Liar's Dice from Pirates
of the Caravan.
Halo 3 for Halloween, that infection playlist was fun, yeah, except we didn't really do
that.
No, wait, no, I'm sorry, I take that back, we didn't play over Halloween because the
Halloween party was last Saturday, so never mind, I already talked about that, so, no,
I did not play Halo 3, in fact, I did not hook up my 360 to live at all, but I will
assume you're playing Simpsons, the game, because that looks awesome.
Although it's getting mediocre reviews, you know.
I don't care, and you know what other game got mediocre reviews?
Earth Defense Force 2017, and I still have to go back and finish that damn game cuz motherfucking
can't beat the Inferno mode on that, I can't wait.
That's one of the things that I got the mod chip on my Wii for, which I did buy a mod
chip, by the way, it's CycloWiz version 2, I guess, one fucking bitch of a mod chip that
put on a Wii, and of course, I have no experience whatsoever in soldering, so you can imagine
how fun that must have been for me, I opened up and I'm like, holy shit, I'm not gonna,
this thing's gonna break.
Did you burn yourself at all?
I did not burn myself at all, but I was just so stressed out all week because I had, it
literally, cuz I took it to work to do it, cuz first off, I didn't want my wife really
knowing that I was doing it right away, because she would have said, you're gonna break that
thing, and you know, I didn't wanna have anything to do with that, plus if you've looked at
my computer room, there's no way I can solder in there, although I did last night.
Heaven forbid someone get between Mrs. Loki and her Excite truck.
Oh god, I was so afraid, I'm like, this thing better work when I'm done, cuz she's gonna
wanna play Excite truck, and holy shit, no, but, yeah.
That's honestly the first time I've ever heard you admit to fear.
No, it's just scary, but anyways, so I actually had it broken open, like, in our conference
room for like Thursday and Friday, just, you know, strewn about the giant table in there,
so I could work on it, and I did get it soldered finally, and it worked, and it powered on,
I put it all back together, I installed this toggle switch on it so you can update it,
got it home, finally went to try it this morning to update it, it wouldn't turn on.
I was like, shit, what the fuck happened now?
So I started to take it apart again, tried the switch again, and it worked, and I don't
know why, you know, something in there must have jiggled or whatever to ground it out
or something, so now it's working, but I don't have all the screws in the system, but that's
fine, I'm going to leave it alone, and it should be fine, but it looks extremely ghetto
now because there's, you know, a wire going up the side of it that's taped on there with
black electrical tape, and it just looks so ghetto, but you know what, I don't give a
shit because I'm going to be able to play Super Mario Galaxy a few weeks early.
And kids, don't try this at home.
But the other thing I'm actually, you know, to go back to my story...
I want to point out Loki's only doing this for research purposes only.
Well, that and the tryout import games, because I don't want to buy another Wii, besides I
wouldn't be able to find another Wii.
Anyways, so one of the things I did want to play when I first, when I get it all hooked
up is the first Simple Series game on the Wii, which is that kart racing game, so that
should be fun.
And I know later on they're going to add some more to the Simple Series, so that's kind
of what I'm looking forward to with this mod chip.
Other than that though, today though when I left, I think I figured out what I did wrong,
but it does play Excite Trucks, so crisis averted, for now.
Until it breaks.
The other thing, and we'll get into this a little bit later, I played Manhood 2 on the
PSP, and once we get into the story a little bit later on I'll explain, you can hack the
hell out of that game.
And I'm sure it was a completely unaltered retail version of the game that you would
never think of reading about all these hack and crack stories and doing this to your precious
copy of the game.
And Rockstar never intended for that to happen.
Totally didn't have like a modded PSP or anything to do that, I'm totally serious.
Completely serial.
Alright.
My gaming week has been a lot of wow, I've been playing a lot of PVP, I'm almost exalted
in Alterac Valley, let's just put it that way, hey I'm trying to get my PVP here, what
can I say, I've been playing a lot of PVP.
Outside of that Guitar Hero 3, which I've played a lot more of, last week I didn't really
want to say a lot about it because I hadn't played much, but now I've played a lot of
the game, and it is a worthy sequel, I think is the best way I can sum it up.
I mean, you know, I want to jump up and go, it's the best game in the series, but...
It's not.
Yeah, it's kind of not, I mean, but it brings enough new stuff to the table, and I just
think so many people were afraid that Neversoft was going to screw it up, and I don't think
they did.
I mean, it's a pretty worthy success in my opinion.
They fell short in a few places in terms of note charts and difficulty and some of the
design aspects.
What are your bitches with the Guitar Hero 3?
Well, for one, the controllers you designed, way too sensitive for it.
Some of the design stuff on the notes and the note stream coming down, there's some
stuff you're used to in Guitar Hero 2 and 1, like when the notes jump up on the board
when you activate star power, it doesn't happen in 3, and it's hard to tell when you activate
it, just because the only thing that happens is it changes colors.
True.
And then some of the character designs, meh.
They took out Pandora, which made me sad, because she was cool.
And then some of the, I mean, it's part of the Heart Midori, I don't care what she says,
the Heart Midori song.
As soon as I saw that character when I opened up the game, I knew that was who we were going
to play.
Are you guys actually saying that you play Guitar Hero for the characters?
I mean, that's like playing Karaoke Revolution for the characters.
It's fun though.
Jamie says she played Rock Band.
Let me get to that in a minute, because I had a Rock Band experience too.
Let's see, so I Heart Midori.
The songs are fun.
I beat the game on medium, because I'm not that great at Guitar Hero, but I'm working
my way through on hard now, and then I'll work up to expert.
But here's what Guitar Hero 3 has that the other games didn't have.
Live, online, competitive play, which is actually a lot of fun.
I played with one of my friends, and we were playing some co-op mode, and you know, I couldn't
really play co-op mode in Guitar Hero 2, because nobody ever really came over with their guitar.
So it's kind of a, it's a really nice feature.
I haven't done it on live yet, I've just been practicing on hard mode, just to kind of get
back into it, since I haven't played Guitar Hero in almost a year.
Dude in Guitar Hero 3 has raining blood, I mean.
Don't even get me started on that shit.
And Guitar Hero 3 has the most kickass cutscenes ever.
The cartoons are awesome.
So I really consider this game a worthy successor, and I'm curious to see where it goes in Guitar
Hero 4.
I think it shows that they can get away, they can milk a fourth game out of this franchise
somehow.
So I'm curious to see what they do.
Oh, just a fourth game?
Yeah, okay.
And then some.
So I have fun with that.
Oh, plus the whole internet thing, you know, it ties into the internet.
It's been a little clunky, because, like, my stats are not updating at all, and it took
me like four days just to get my stupid account linked, because they've been having a lot
of problems.
But it's hard for me to kind of hold that against the game, because I see that as something
really ambitious, where you think about, how many other games have that kind of functionality?
Halo 3, and that's all I can think of, you know?
All the games, because all your live accounts are tied into, you know, you can bring them
up on your PC and stuff like that.
But the Guitar Hero thing has the leaderboards, and you can make your own little clan online,
and have a message form, and I'll tell you more about the O.L. Army Guitar Hero Band
in a minute, and all that, and I think that's kind of cool.
Even if it's been kind of clunky these first couple weeks, I'm hoping that, you know, in
a couple weeks it will smooth out, and things will run very smoothly.
It's certainly ambitious, and, I don't know, I don't hold it against the game, because
I see that as a bonus, not a necessity.
And it's certainly something that Harmonix wouldn't have had the resources to do on their
own.
I guess that's true.
So, anyway, I recommend Guitar Hero 3 if you're a fan of music games, and you like the first
two games, which I'm sure most people by now have come in contact with one of the games
at some point.
Also, I have been playing randomly.
I went over, William's cousin had a birthday, and he has a Wii, and we went and played Big
Brain Academy on the Wii, which is like, I guess, the brain training game on the Wii.
It's fun, it's another, you know, mini game collection, the kind of game that's easily
accessible by anyone, but here's the thing, there's not enough mini games.
I mean, I like some of the party modes, I thought the competitive mode where you work
your way through the mini games as fast as you can against other people, you know, within
the same room was kind of fun, but there wasn't enough variety in the games.
It needed like twice as many mini games as it actually has.
There's nothing fun about competitive math.
Not really, especially, you know, there's that thing where you have to pop the balloons
from lowest to highest, right?
Well, in this one mode, in expert mode, it's fractions, and I about cried when I had to
do that, because I'm like, oh my god, I have to do long division in my head?
This is horrible.
So, they call it Big Brain Academy for a reason, I suppose.
Try Before You Buy Big Brain Academy, because it's very limited.
If you have young ones, though, I bet they'd get a kick out of it, it would be fun.
How about this?
Spend your $50 on something better.
I hate that that's a lot of money.
It's a brain training game.
That is a lot of money for this game.
A brain training game on the Wii.
You're an idiot if you bought it.
You know what I do to train my brain?
I read.
I study things.
You can.
I don't need a game to help my brain.
Rock Band.
Jamie, you wanted to talk about Rock Band real quick.
Okay.
Dan and I went to Best Buy, because we were going to pick up Spider-Man 3, which actually
we ended up getting a better deal at Target anyway, because Best Buy had a two-disc thing
and Target had a three-disc thing for like $2 less, but anyway, I digress.
But they had the demo for Rock Band sitting out and it was just, okay, the guitars were
both destroyed and of course Dan went right for them, but the drum set was pretty cool
and it was a lot of fun.
I made him play Weezer because I love Weezer, so it was really cool.
I probably went to the same Best Buy you did at one point this week, because I had to buy
the Twin Peaks Gold Box Edition, which they didn't have at Best Buy, I had to go somewhere
else to get it, but anyway, nevertheless, I did see the Rock Band set up, but some kids
were playing and kind of monopolizing it and I didn't really want to jump in there, so
I just kind of watched.
It certainly looks kind of slick.
I like the backgrounds and stuff, it looks like fun, so I'll be probably picking that
up when it comes out.
I really like the little drum, you know, where you could freestyle a little bit, you know,
where you could ad-lib.
I didn't see that part.
That's kind of cool.
Well, yeah, it'll bring it up to where all of the lines are lit up and you can pretty
much free play on those measures.
It was really cool.
Let's see, what else did I play this week?
I think that's about it.
I thought there was one other thing.
Oh, I helped William set up his new PSP and that was about it.
So there we go, our gaming weeks.
So let's move on then and we'll talk a little bit about housekeeping and I promised a little
bit ago I would talk about our Guitar Hero 3 band.
If you search for OLR in the tour groups on the Orange Mountains Radio website, it'll
take you right to our OLR band, which I'm happy to say is in the top 100 bands right
now.
Number 76 as of an hour and a half ago.
Rockin'.
Yeah, actually a lot of people, because I plugged it in our live journal community,
our MySpace, or maybe I'll put another MySpace bulletin up tonight, I try to put it everywhere
I could think of where people would see it and it seems to be working because we've gotten
a handful of people to join and it's already put us in the top 100, but I will not rest
until we're in the top 10, which will take a lot of work.
We're going to be not resting for a while.
And I want to congratulate Origami Pirate, who's on top of the leaderboard within the
tour right now.
By much.
But yeah, I want to say that with the stats updating as infrequently as they have been,
that might just be a fluke.
But from what I understand, I think that's Spike, who's been on the show before and he's
really good at Guitar Hero, so I wouldn't be surprised at all if he's dominating the
OLR leaderboard.
Well, I'm number two, so I'll be moving up.
Oh, working.
Oh, them's fighting words.
Them's fighting words.
All right.
That's really all I wanted to say.
Obviously, I plugged in there.
We have a MySpace and all that other stuff, so you should find us and add us.
And of course, we always tape live on Sunday nights and that's in our chat room.
If you missed the live broadcast on Sunday nights, you can always listen to our rebroadcast
on All Games Radio Monday nights after All Games Interactive or Tuesday mornings at 9
a.m. Pacific.
All right.
Enough plugging.
News time.
Gaming news.
All right.
So of course, this week Manhunt 2 came out.
What did I say last week?
Yesterday we'd be talking about Manhunt 2 this week and that's what's going on.
And of course, sooner than later, we have a mini hot coffee on our hands and it's basically
the PSP version, the ISO of it out on the internet like any other game out there.
People looked into it and they hacked the distortion that would happen when you would
do your kills.
So now that's hacked out of the way, you now have an uncut version of the game, which is
funny because I actually kind of looked a little bit at this for research purposes and
all they have literally is just INI files, like stupid, fully documented INI files.
It even says this is where the distortion stuff is for your deaths and you can take
that out.
So I really went as far as not only just removing the distortion in there, but I made all the
guards blind and deaf, which was fun.
So there's a ton of things.
You can edit everything in the game, the weapon damage, you name it.
It's in there.
Although for some reason when I did make the guys blind and deaf, everything got really,
really bright.
So I don't know.
Somehow the lighting is attached to that.
Controversy aside, I want to ask first off, is the game good?
Why not?
It's really, plot-wise for the game, there's some sort of a storyline going along.
I've only played through the second level, actually the third level, and it's just death
after death.
It's just all about murdering people.
That really is a big surprise.
There's no big art thing in this.
It's just murdering people.
Granted, this is not art.
It is an art.
There's probably drugs in there somewhere too.
There is a storyline that goes along with it.
I'm sure when you play through the entire game you figure out why he's killing people,
but I mean, you can just shoot somebody and they're dead or know this game where you decide
I'm going to kill someone with a pen.
I'm going to kill someone with a syringe.
I'm going to kill someone with, you know, a bit of barbed wire and I'm going to saw
their balls off with the barbed wire.
I mean, just a little over the top.
I would think if I'm going to kill someone with barbed wire, sawing their balls off would
be the first thing that would come to my mind.
Yeah, I was a little excessive.
Uno says so it's a murder simulator I know it's not a murder simulator because
you're not really simulating murder you're just simulating a crazy guy that's
running away and happens to be killing people to get away if I was gonna kill
somebody with barbed wire I would do one of two things I would either run it
across their leg on the inside where the artery is or across their neck with a
carotid well that's what they kind of did they ran across her leg there's
three different kills you can do with each weapon one of which for I think for
barbed wire was the big one was running it through their leg the other one was
sawing off their head with it and then there was another one with like
strangling them with it I don't think you could really saw somebody's head
with barbed wire but you could sever the artery there's a video online that you
can actually view all the kills for this thing it I shut it off it was stupid like
I do you have it it was somewhere on the internet it was on some of the big game
blogs I watched part of it and I was like this is stupid you know I reacted
the same way to that video that I did to the movie the saw trilogy or quad quad
trilogy or whatever it is now you know I'll never watch them well soft for is
not art either I'm sorry number one movie at the box office last weekend
that's not art either I'm sorry okay they complain that oh when you know the
ESRB is being too hard on them and stuff like that no I don't think so I mean I
see them with the whole hot coffee thing I think rating that game adult only is
stupid I do agree with that but with manhunt 2 you just watch the
murder you know video that's out there and you're just like okay that's a
little over-the-top I mean yeah even for a game I mean come on it's you know it's
like over-the-top like hostel is I mean as they put it torture porn anyways
Pika Uno also wants to know um because you're talking about all these ways you
can kill people can you kill someone with a boat fire there is fire in this
game I know so I don't know maybe in the later stages anyways so anyways so the
ESRB of course made a statement about it they were saying that this is actually
it's different than the hot coffee thing because this is a hack versus something
that was unlocked on there which is bullshit anyways because the hot coffee
thing was a hack as well but apparently they're dumb and so well didn't this
time Rockstar disclosed everything that was in the game that was changeable see
yeah I mean they will they I mean they didn't really hide anything I mean
granted it all they did was remove the distortion I guess it's the same as
saying like the Sims where they have patches where you can remove the you
know the blur so that you can see sim body parts I mean it's stupid I
personally I do think that the game should have been released on you know
unmodified you know without the distortion on there because to be honest
it's not I mean I don't enjoy it with a source on there because you can't see
what the fuck is going on the whole of that if you go further it's kind of
censorship to me the hilarious part about all this is why did anybody even
run out and buy this game in the first place the controversy why was this game
hacked within 24 hours the controversy if they had like never said that there
were if if word had never come out that there was another version of this game
that had the blurs taken away I bet nobody would have ever thought gee let's
go in there and hack the disk or they certainly would have done it wouldn't
have done it in 20 years another thing that was opening that was a chat that
was issuing a challenge to the hacking okay unity I've to find the original
content in the game and they did it in there they would in the past I've
actually you know been curious and looked at different ISO's this has been
the easiest mom to modify ISO I have ever seen it is seriously fully
documented I mean there is it does not take a genius to fix this stuff you see
the part where it's you know for blurring it out you remove it done I
mean oh that's really tough I mean seriously it's stupid if they really
think they kept it easy because they had to fix it so fast to get the game out on
how they did have to fix the game and I understand that but no they could have
easily encrypted that stuff it could have been in a file it's not just a
plain text file it could have been encrypted it could have been something
that people couldn't find you know make it a little bit harder for them but I
don't know it's just it's really stupid Tiger Claw says keep in mind they only
hacked the PSP version an average person so far figure out how to do so far and
I'm going to tell you this much the PlayStation 2 version is gonna be hacked
before you know it because they put this way the INI files that were documented
in there it was for both PlayStation 2 and PSP so it's only a matter of time
this whole controversy is just waving a red cape at the hacking community oh lay
oh lay you know you've got about it if you've got a modded console this is
gonna be hacked pretty soon I mean no doubt about it because I'm looking at
just what they have in there that seriously the INI files that were in
there are documented for both PSP and PlayStation 2 I'm sure the Wii version
is also the same as well but those two were mentioned in that file so I don't
see why it wouldn't be the same it's just stupid and I think they did it on
purpose Tiger Claw says I think the only way you can hack the ps2 version if they
did it via the pro-action replay um no I think you can actually mod I mean
because there's people out there that make custom guitar hero games you know
for the PlayStation 2 if you have a modded console you can create custom ISO
for that stuff you know what this reminds me this whole thing reminds me
of remember when Nintendo made that controversial move to change the blood
in Mortal Kombat 2 to sweat and it was like suddenly it became this challenge
all over the like who can find the game genie code first that will change the
sweat to red to bring back the blood into Mortal Kombat 2 it became a contest
it was the red tape at the community going put me back the way I was supposed
to be because we all know this game was fixed you know but here's the thing
though I think even removing you know the distortion in or whatever it really
doesn't change anything in the game I mean yeah it's violent and stuff but to
be honest just like hostile hostile wasn't a good movie it was just a
violent movie it's just like this game it's not a good game just as a violent
game and it's just changing cutscenes and not actual gameplay I'm just kind of
pissed off at Rockstar for I don't know what the fuck they're doing they're
trying to like ruin everything by making games overly violent so that people come
down on them harder and they're like why do people keep coming after us it's
unfair well be maybe you should stop you know I don't know having people with
limbs being blown off and stuff like that in very graphic manners how about
that maybe that's a start all right well I'm sure most of our listeners have been
following on the internet and been reading about the manhunt controversy
I'm sure a lot of you have your own opinions if you'd like to send them in
you can always send us an email mailbag at orange laundry calm so moving on I
just want to say really quick there's rumors going around the target is
actually going to be pulling manhunt 2 from the stores because of this but I've
lead this has been going a little bit back and forth that it's a rumor no it's
not on it basically it started with a website PSP update that wrote this
report reports would come in the target is pulling manhunt 2 a member of the
evil avatar forums dr. finger hey evil avatars another show on all games woot
for them getting publicity said that he got news of an internal memo spreading
within the company which states that every branch will stop selling the game
and to refuse all future delivery of the title for the system however manhunt 2
is available apparently on targets website it's available online but not
available in stores so there you have it I think maybe I wonder if that's just a
demand thing though because I mean I when I think of big video game retailers
I don't always think a target target has a very limited selection of games they
carry what's kind of current and popular and honestly controversy aside I don't
think this game is gonna sell very well and I think they kind of know that they
would rather be stocking games that are gonna sell more I think it'll sell well
it's cheap it's like $39.99 for the we $29.99 for ps2 and PSP so all right
well there are other people mad about manhunt and for a different reason in
the manual for manhunt they didn't mention one of the major parties that
worked on the game being a Vienna yeah let's sort of forget you know people who
worked on the game here so they that's kind of messed up well yeah well their
studio is closed down but they still should have been as rockstar Vienna they
they still should have been credited for all the work that they did they said it
was over 50 people working for two years on the game so like it's almost like
rockstar Vienna got shut down and then all traces of it were erased in history
apparently they didn't get credited in this game but I'd be good for them
anyways but at the same time do you really want your name on this game I
think really I mean I agree completely that people should get credit for the
workday they do but I would be using an alias here's my thing I think they
should have made manhunt to just make it seriously I mean go all out put a PC
version out there and just fucking go nuts I mean do what you would do in man
hunt 2 and times 10 I mean seriously just crazy over-the-top that's what I'd
like to see darkside darkside says that's not cool you got to give people
credit for their work if I worked over two years on the game come on sky no I
agree people should get credit for the work they do but I'm just saying you
know if I worked on manhunt 2 I don't know like if I worked on orange box I'd
be all about one that piece that credit but you know manhunt 2 I don't know
about that all right anyways in other news and this is actually a little bit
of an opposite Sony actually has a brand new advertising campaign coming off the
PlayStation 3 that oh my god does actually not suck this campaign of
course a little bit different than the last year's campaign which is known as
the white room and according to Peter Dill of you know the PSN Network and
also the senior vice president of marketing apparently he's a last year we
launched a ps3 campaign that became known as the white room and received a
strong reaction to those ads for being provocative and demonstrating the ps3
power nope anyways man in our chat says the white room racists anyways let's see
with those technology technology messages now firmly embedded we wanted
to move beyond the power message with a more high energy entertaining driven
focus for the ps3 the games here the price point is now $3.99 and we want to
make the news loud and clear I don't get how he says they received a strong
reaction for being provocative no they didn't make any sense they didn't make
any sense I didn't understand why the PlayStation 3 is making a baby cry I
didn't understand why it was powerful why it was making you know it baseballs
explode or whatever it made no fucking sense and now you actually have an
advertising campaign or a series of commercials that actually show gameplay
get people excited about the games and stuff like that that's what you should
have done from the beginning instead of who I mean seriously all three consoles
are the same thing they did these really weird-ass commercials that made no sense
like with Xbox the whole jump in shit that makes no sense and they have one
going on right now which they have like a little kid like singing a song and
stuff and then they show Mass Effect Halo 3 and like oh god I remember Oh
Bioshock all M rated games you know and there's like yeah Xbox but anyways it's
just like so stupid but seriously I'm glad that they finally have a good
marketing campaign don't seriously next time you're launching a console you know
don't get all fucking crazy and hire this marketing team to come up with
these stupid ideas like you know baby crying so it makes no fucking sense
people get creeped out by that shit well I gotta buy your console well the new
commercial one of the new commercials I saw it earlier today it had like
tentacles and disembodied mouths coming out of the system it's cool that's cool
that's what people want disembodied mouths and tentacles and tentacles I
think if I were marketing the PlayStation 3 right now my marketing
campaign would go along the lines of something like this is there would be
like let's imagine it was a radio commercial for the PlayStation 3 here it
is please buy one I'll do anything they say I have MotorStorm and I played
blu-ray is please they say that they have games out there but I don't know
about that I have home in 2008 some final fantasy 13 sometime in the future
why won't you buy it they are showing Grinch for their log though even though
that's not available over here yet at all and to be fair that's not really
even a game yet or another PlayStation 3 commercial could be buy a PlayStation 3
and fold proteins all day long well they did show that it plays blu-ray and stuff
they have that and I here we go the PlayStation 3 is helping to cure cancer
if you don't buy a PlayStation 3 that means you support cancer that's what it
is I am all for cancer yay cancer anyhow that's a very tasteless a little side
tangent there let's talk about things that should probably be omitted from the
campaign because it caused one particular company stocks to drop a
little bit this week and that was the news that Metal Gear Solid 4 has gotten
another little little push got a little push back Oh surprise remember how
Metal Gear Solid 4 was gonna come out first quarter of 2008
well scratch that make it second quarter 2008 the day this news was announced by
the way Konami stocks went down a little bit because this was you know the game
that's supposed to be really giving a kick in the pants to the PlayStation 3
so one of the few exclusives they have left sort of there you have it Metal
Gear Solid 4 delayed until 2008 the two quarter to 2008 the official reason by
the way quote further improvements to the quality of the game and provide even
greater enjoyment for more customers worldwide don't get me wrong if this is
what they need to do to ensure the game is going to be an a plus plus and not
suck I'm all for it it just you know sucks for Sony right at least it's not
being you know powered by the Unreal 3 engine so we know it's not because of
that yeah so I don't care about the delay if it's gonna make the game
awesome as far as I'm aware there's no flying dragons in this game so I know
it's not anything like that well I think that you know with any game they need to
keep pushing things back if they don't have them done rather than released a
you know a buggy unfinished crappy product what game do we remember that
did that doesn't matter though it's like yes it's seriously gonna be like Twilight
Princess it doesn't matter it'll get 10 when it's released because people have a
fucking hard-on for that game hmm well there is actually something that might
make people happy it is still hanging out in rumor land but there there's
speculation that there's going to be a new PlayStation 2 in 2008 for $99 so it
actually is a reported by an NCV that it would be introduced in UK in the UK at
75 pounds or lower so I don't know because Sony hasn't you know no given any
official word on it I wouldn't be surprised if they can save you know 30
bucks or whatever by removing the chip to play PlayStation 1 games on that I
wouldn't be surprised whatsoever in fact actually it would make perfect sense if
they did that because you know to be honest no one really plays PlayStation
1 games anymore so if they remove the backwards compatibility for PlayStation
1 games in this ps2 I don't think anyone would care oh whatever and if you're
buying and you know Final Fantasy 7 for life I busted out jumping flash like
about a month ago if you wanna play jumping flash you can buy yourself a
PlayStation 3 and download that shit or buy a PSP I shouldn't have to pay for it
again why should I cuz I actually own the game well then you should have bought
a PlayStation 2 seven years ago I have a PlayStation 2 well then this doesn't
affect you I'm just saying any once more anybody that's still playing PlayStation
1 right now I mean there's still people who like to break out their classic
games good then I hope you have a PlayStation 1 but they're not gonna be
buying new PlayStation 1 games I mean whereas the PlayStation 3 not playing
PlayStation 2 games that's stupid because they're still putting out new
PlayStation 2 games but I think it's safe to remove the you know PlayStation
1 backwards compatibility in this if you know that's what they're going to do
dark text says Loki no don't give them ideas act deaf degrees the jumping flash
is awesome jumping flash is freaking rad you know that's what they need to do
that will completely revive the PlayStation 3 is a new jumping flash oh
yeah that'll be it gee only a new jumping flash should come out then I
would have something to play on this damn thing how about Bubsy 3d part 2 how
about not how about clay fighters I'm telling you how long ago do we say this
I miss playing Hilda six months ago when these you know console wars were heating
up and stuff we said the first console that gets laser cats the game will win
the next-gen Wars and you we have yet to see laser cats the game so it's anybody's
guess well there's technically I mean we're coming out on Dreamcast hostel
three's got that one gun that's a bat you know guys hand up a badger's ass so
that's kind of close I mean not really it's not a cat with a freaking laser on
its head we don't know that they don't have laser cats in that I mean next
story please another game that's been delayed a little bit and now is finally
officially coming out on a little PC at least unreal tournament 3 it's been
announced on PC for November 19th the PlayStation 3 versions coming soon
probably 2008 but it's soon I love that they're given the same old excuse my mom
gave when I asked mom when's dinner it'll be here when it's done that's
exactly what they're saying about unreal you will have it when it's done now sit
down and shut up and watch TV it really does suck though unreal tournament 3
isn't coming out this year I mean cuz I thought that would be the big game for
them to kind of get people to buy some consoles guess you'll be buying PCs
instead go PCs all I know is unreal tournament you know the older games were
fast so if you like your get you you feel like your shooters nauseatingly
fast and reels the place to go but I want to see all the mods for this that's
really what I'm interested in that will be kind of cool something that's kind of
cool for PlayStation 3 owners if you've especially if you've held out purchasing
Eternal Sonata on the Xbox 360 it has been confirmed that on the PlayStation
3 version of the game which was should be out next year at some point some new
characters will be added into the game they were in the story on the Xbox 360
version but they weren't playable and those are the characters Serenade and
Prince Crescendo cuz the big joke in Eternal Sonata is that every single damn
thing in the game is named after something in the music world which is
actually kind of cute by the way the PlayStation 3 version not only will have
the characters but it will have extra story sequences so of course the 360
fans are like you know especially me you know I bought the game on 360 and I
don't even own a PlayStation 3 as of yet I'm kind of going can it be download
content time please please can I have it but we'll see so Eternal Sonata on the
PlayStation 3 with extra crap next year yay I still should play that but I
haven't had time well this makes me relatively happy although it's a more of
a you know cuz yeah hi I'm tongue-tied this is really I think great news is
that the Final Fantasy 1 & 2 on PSP are coming out in the UK they're doing a pal
conversion so it'll be out in early 2008 and I think it was really really good
because it's the second one especially is such a good game but although the
third of those was my favorite the third and fifth were Mike my favorites but
anyway um we've had this for a while and they're really good the remakes have
just been very sharp the coloring and the graphics very sharp it's I actually
bought because you know I bought willing the PSP for his birthday and I bought
him a copy of Final Fantasy 1 so because he's a big fan of Final Fantasy so well
what I was saying is that you know they're basically taking the old you
know Nintendo versions and you know they're retooled with widescreen new
dungeons redrawn artwork just the works and I'm really glad that it's coming out
over there finally yeah it's gonna be really good and there was much
rejoicing overseas all right back at home it's time to travel around and in
the world and look at some early states yay really states anyways this week
marks the first of many very packed weeks with plenty of things coming out
this week though there are some stupid things coming out including Aqua teen
hunger for zombie ninja pro-am on PlayStation 2 if you can't get enough of
Aqua teen hunger for us there you go let's see here brats for real on the DS
awesome build a bear workshop as opposed to brats for fake well it's based most
of the things you see on the brats are probably fake actually build a bear
workshop where you can create your own it's a teddy bear sim to be honest this
game's 30 bucks you could probably buy a real teddy bear for a lot cheaper so
that's kind of stupid I think building the bear in the workshop and the actual
store cost less than that and probably I don't know that shit's expensive the
more bling you want to buy for your bear that shit gets expensive Call of Duty 4
modern warfare is coming out on both PC PlayStation 3 the Xbox 360 and strangely
enough the DS that's kind of weird Dora the Explorer Dora saves a mermaid not
that anyone's gonna be buying that a fire emblem radiant dawn that should be
a pretty good strategy game for the week go Diego go safari adventure another
awesome game for the DS
anyways Loki I never knew you were a Diego fan oh I'm a huge Diego fan you
know me and my Nick jr. totally anyways let's see other games coming out this
week I know that Lego Star Wars the complete saga or whatever the fuck
they're calling that now PlayStation 3 Xbox 360 we and DS let's see here zoo
vet endangered animals on PC awesome I'll have you know I used to read my
rules yes yes blade storm hundred years war on PlayStation 3 and 360 this was
supposed to be a launch site over the PlayStation 3 glad to see Kohi's really
getting that stuff out they're too busy working on more Dynasty Warriors games
well this is like Dynasty Warriors it's just set in France instead and you can
play as Joan of Arc is Dynasty Warriors English edition anyways blazing angels
to the secret missions of World War 2 for PlayStation 3
Cabela's big game hunter 2008 I can't wait to check this one out
chess master on PSP a game that everyone should really participate in democracy
for PC go vote press a fear files for Xbox 360 and of course that also ties
in with the PC release of fear the Perseus mandates which is their
expansion for that and let's see here Gears of War on PC this week as well so
that's gonna be pretty awesome and you know are there are there no Sims games
this week you know I'm looking I really am looking EA's been having this Sims
event going on there isn't this the week for imagine babies no imagine babies I
think I moved Mario and Sonic at the Olympic Games that's this week on the
Wii really yeah serious really weighs off really if you want to enrich your
life you guess you could buy this game or a series of these games my French
coach my Spanish coach my word coach and also my word coach on the Wii those
other games were on the DS on tomorrow my hacking community will be creating my
sex coach this game on tomorrow my firm from Atlas that was a weird like music
game Panzer Tactics on the DS which is a war sim super interesting puzzle they
harvest moon really they are milking that franchise into the ground but yes
that's actually what you do in the game that's a fantastically mixed metaphor
seen it on Xbox 360 is coming out that's kind of cool in the game I'm considering
the game of the week Silent Hill origins on the PSP really yeah fucking
time yeah it's about right in time but that's not it there's a game based off
of the series the office coming out on PC the sims 2 teen style with stuff
that's really stuff teen style stuff that's coming out on PC viva pinata is
also coming on PC this week World Series of poker 2008 battle for the bracelets
on PSP and DS Hannah Larry came out I was gonna say Hannah Montana music jam
that's already out again now let's see so I think that might be it here let me
get some comments from chat room then now while you're doing that chat orange
on twitter.com live on this Sunday night Mac man says go Diego go straight to
hell forget Diego go pyramid head go act deft says Eureka's castle greater than
all Nick jr. shows in reference Eureka's castle is great so I like pinwheel why
isn't there a Eureka's castle video game or better yet I want my you can't do
that on television game where you have to you know make your way through the
sausage factory and avoid the green slime right there exactly very money
dear teammate the whole show is like a scoop of money I thought it was awesome
do I like this bar like time and it was and you had Alanis and I like how that
show was like borderline child cruelty which is okay and that that's it for
this week in a real quick tease for next week are you smarter than a fifth grader
on the DS off dude Mac may not to comment you can't do that in a video
game is what they could call it oh my god that'd be great who owns the license
that stuff right someone in Canada yeah probably Canadian Broadcasting Corp or
something dear Canada me one tea you can't do that in a video game gimme k
thanks your neighbor to the south Japan going over to Japan and looking at
Japanese releases just cause comes out on the Xbox 360 with a very take of our
looking that's fucking although they're just now getting it in Japan so there
you go Major League base sometimes we have to wait for their games right you
know like Blue Dragon took how long to come out here in the Final Fantasy games
sometimes they have to wait for ours of course I think they're getting the
better end of the deal but nevertheless Major League Baseball 2007 is coming
baseball is a big deal in Japan this week November 8th baseball is a big deal
in Japan hell where do you think we get some of our good players what do you
think all of our older players Tiger Woods PGA Tour 2008 on the Nintendo Wii
remember we sent them Tom Selleck that was a movie NBA live is real I'm moving
on to basketball NBA live 2008 on the PlayStation 3 out in Japan this week big
if you're a sports fan in Japan you're a happy camper this week Tom Clancy's
ghost recon advanced warfighter 2 I like that cover making its way to Japan this
week and look with complete with Japanese text that way you know it's
authentic a game coming out on the PlayStation 2 could he know okuri mono
is coming out all I can tell you is it's an adventure game from Takuyo but since
I don't translate on the fly there I have no idea what exactly that game is
Mario Party DS comes out in Japan Castlevania the Dracula X Chronicles the
Japanese localization comes out this week as well they didn't have to wait
too long for that Mina no golf Bob are you volume 4 on the PSP that's what we
know as hotshots golf whatever more sports that's pretty much it for
Japanese releases I has a release you need to go to the potty oh you want me
to your release dates when you don't do them all right I was trying to speak
lolcat I guess failed did you see the G for lolcat thing I don't care
it was fantastic you said g4 and did you see it the answer is automatically no
yeah but they make YouTube for a reason I love the YouTube channel on my iPhone
by the way I forgot to mention there's too much cowbell hero at work there's a
couple of games we've got to mention that were coming out this week in the
US Christ sorry fucking games are coming out this dragon quest monsters Joker on
the DS that was coming out as well Empire Earth 3 on PC all right look
you're done if you didn't read them they just got delayed to next week you can
all thank Loki yeah Loki okay my turn please can I has a turn now yes you may
on 8th salmon max episode 201 ice station Santa yay on 9th bail wolf on
xbox 360 you know what I remember when bail wolf was like a story and you could
read it and now it's gonna be a movie so you don't have to read it anymore fuck
okay whatever it's coming out on IMAX you know it'll be big oh this you don't
IMAX I'll see anything on IMAX on the 9th call of duty for modern warfare on a
bunch of stuff ninth dynasty warriors Gundam ninth also EA playground endless
ocean Gears of War on PC jackass the game whatever king of clubs whatever
lair okay NASCAR 2008 chase for the cup if you you know happen to be a European
redneck I don't know I like how Jamie is suddenly combining her release dates
with her one phrase impressions of the game whether she's played it or not
you know I have a I have a particular funny thing about NASCAR is that they're
opening up a big NASCAR arena outside my hometown and I get to go see it when I'm
there while you're on your way to chick-fil-a dude no way I'm going to
crack a barrel I don't know what you're talking about
moving cracker barrel and Waffle House and release dates night Nick toon try
not to get shot by Kid Rock wire at Waffle House you know what a tech Nick
toons attack of the toy bots on week that's actually a cool name ninth WWE
Smackdown vs. raw 2008 because you can't have enough you know I guess brawn
panty matches and you know steroidal men you know you really can't actually you
can't you can't chat room would you agree is there such thing as too much
brawn panty match I really don't think so there's too much brawn panty in those
too much brawn panty master but you know I can they can lose the brawn panty and
I'll be fine but you know we know we just need you know what game they need
to make if they're gonna do wrestling games and you know I like the WWE ones
because I like the customizing mode is I fully you know we just pick random
people and just make them but they need a luchador game nothing but luchadors
you know you make your mask and you know have all these high-flying moves
and everything and the whole game is in Spanish that's what we need you know
what they need to make a video game out of speaking of Spanish television what
I tell you what you know what the fucking greatest show is on Telemundo
Sabado Higante Sabado Higante is like this big clusterfuck of a game show
meets a talk show meets it's like it's like all of everything that is and then
there's like a telenovelas in it too it's like all of what is great on TV
compressed into like one three-hour show have you ever seen the mad TV sketch
where it's like this Asian guide it's like it's like many show with two guys
or something like that but it's like different shows they change like the
theme of it it's like cooking show drama show you know you know what else game
that they need and this is inspired after watching Human Tetris last night
hmm they need Japanese TV show the game sorry act-def act-def is reminding me
that Sabado Higante is on Univision and not Telemundo sorry but have you ever
watched have you ever watched any Japanese game shows or some of the live
variety shows I saw like a freaking bizarre YouTube freaking bizarre they
need to do a game that's like that or like Takeshi's Castle the game that I
would buy that more news please because seriously now this show is getting into
let's see we've talked about Sabado Higante bra and panty matches and now
we're just talking about release dates so we need to get back into it news
anyways so this week as we mentioned you know of course you're starting to see
those rock band demo kits come to Best Buy as well some Best Buy is because
some retarded Best Buy employees are starting to sell the demo kits like the
actual game thinking hey we only got one of these let's put it out and sell it
and then some idiot buys it and then it ends up on eBay but then it's all over
the internet haha I gots the rock band first first ease so anyways cool I have
the biggest penis on the whole internet cuz I have rock band before you yes
apparently people are selling the demo kits and people are actually buying them
the demo kit actually the drums kit is missing the kick drum so oops the also
of course it's a demo version of the game so doesn't have all the songs and
what's really funny if you want it it's been relisted on eBay because
originally they pulled it down oh and they pull it down again but last I
checked it if the bidding was up to seven hundred and seventy dollars look
why would you pay six hundred dollars more for a game that's like gonna be out
in a few weeks anyways and it's not even the full game I'm like you're an idiot
sometimes I wonder if I'm even really in the same human race as all these other
people I mean it's but yeah you out of the gene pool what this particular case
it was the marina California Best Buy that they sold it to somebody for it
rang up as a hundred and eighty dollars I think that you're an idiot if you bought
it for a hundred eighty dollars and you deserve what you get but you know maybe
you do want to pick up one of these demo kits because apparently they're gonna be
hard to find come holiday according to EA president John around there John
anyways I'm not gonna try to pronounce his last name he's predicting that rock
band bundles may be tough to come by for a while we won't be able to put enough
inventory to meet the demand this fiscal or calendar year looks like a Ricky
tillio Ricky tillio I'm gonna go with that told investors adding that those
who don't buy at launch won't be getting one for Christmas unless you know someone
at one of our retailers what John forgot to mention to people is that that why do
you suppose that they're hard to find is it because the game is so immensely
pause you know popular that people are gonna be buying it like crazy it could
be or it could be they didn't make enough or it could be that they saw what
happened with the Wii last year and they're like we got to do that no you
see here here's a little funny thing about this EA has never made a music
game before and they've never made music game controllers before and so they're
having a little trouble making the music game controllers and guess what there's
a lot of shortages because of that and because you pre-ordered one doesn't
necessarily mean that you're gonna be getting one either think the Wii again
think guitar hero 3 yes same thing with that thanks a lot John if there's ever a
music game coming out there requires a guitar a drum a ukulele whatever the
fuck it will be our that's a tar yes the tar hero is redo here will be very
fucking hard to find because for some reason people have trouble making fake
guitars so if you have one pre-ordered awesome if you don't you're fucked you
better wait just take a broom and stick some old arcade buttons on it there you
go it's a guitar I will be getting one of these only because I have to lie
cheat and steal things well if you don't want to wait around or if you don't if
you aren't lucky enough to get your hands on a copy of rock band you could
always wait for harmonics is neck harmonics is next game I need to take
lessons in reading but the thing is harmonics will not be putting guitars
in their next game also be easy to find okay I mean obviously been there done
that guitar hero and now they have rock band and don't forget harmonics you know
started with frequency amplitude karaoke revolution these games do not have
guitars so their next game will not have guitars they will be revealing some
secrets about the game at next year's game developers conference I don't hop
hero this is what I know they're gonna rip off DER now awesome no I'm on it no
this is what they said quote beats would not be authored by tech savvy musicians
but would instead be algorithmically generated oh awesome
Dance Factory 2 there won't be a dedicated peripheral for the game
awesome amplitude million hey I would not mind a sequel to the frequency
amplitude you know I would be let's finish off that trilogy with a real
awesome game now that they have the heart you know they leave Lee has tracks
in that come on I'm all for it or they can just make freeze pop the game I'm
all for that too by the way let me take this opportunity to say I will jump in
here before Jamie reads her next story freeze pop is in Sacramento tonight in
NOL our headquarters they're playing a show downtown tonight I did not know I
swear to God they go on stage in like two hours shit I wouldn't have been here
if I had known that sucker and here we are doing the show you know you know
what I have is my alarm on my phone what's that science genius girl or
something no no we'll just sit here wait Jamie yeah you better except that I have
a news about guitar hero uh-huh that's actually really cool uh-huh so uh I'd
love to hear that cool news
I'm ready to um no it's like a radar I see the one let's talk more rock thank
you yeah that's my actual ringtone right now nice so anyway oh that was my Python
it was so worth the wait yeah anyway I love my iPhone I'm sorry so for anyone
who is interested in the downloadable content for guitar hero 3 there has been
a leak we which we hope is a real leak there is stuff listed as let me see if I
can this thing is kind of hard for me to read because it's all it's a picture
taken off of a television but there were boss battle tracks listed where you know
the ones you could pick and choose so it's pretty interesting that would be
great because you can't practice those in the game in practice mode and it's
pissing me off this is a lot of battles are hard there's the slash guitar battle
devil went down to Georgia putting holes and happiness the pretender this is a
call it's all on there so those are unlocked from the soundtrack if I
remember right like the putting holes in happiness yeah well and I almost bought
the the soundtrack just to you know see if you know how all that worked out but
of course I'm cheap and said it's okay sorry so but well basically that is
actually paid unlock content because that stuff is unlocked with the code so
the with just in the regards to like the putting holes in happiness I know it's
not really know that you get codes to down through it so I go get codes to
download the content off I stand corrected my bad next story please
anyways so overlord a game that I was playing quite a bit until Bioshock came
out he's getting some awesome download content actually three pieces of awesome
download content one of course is free enable and it actually allows you to
play a multiplayer split-screen co-op game which is kind of cool so to
overlords right around 50 minions each killing innocent people and then of
course two of the other packs will cost you some points no things have been
announced yet one will offer five new levels for the single-player campaign
the other will allow legendary a legendary difficulty and from right here
the five levels are in hell so that's kind of neat that's good that's smart of
developers to do because their game kind of did get you know stumped by you know
the Bioshock and the OMG halo 3 and all that so this is a good way to remind
people hey you might have forgotten about me but you should be looking at me
that's a good game that's fun I told you I'm I have a frickin copy of the game
and I still haven't had just play it cuz I've just been so distracted with
everything else don't point and make evil eyes at me don't give me evils
because I could be selling that game for don't give me evils I'm playing yes or
place you didn't regain because the only two consoles I don't have hacked yet
well last week on this program I believe Loki reported that IPTV was going to be
a part of the new fall update hey it was a theory okay theory is setting him up
that theory was nuked this week as Microsoft said oh shit we better make a
statement on this and Microsoft came out and said quote internet protocol
television IPTV features will only be available from the Xbox 360 through a
service provider who has deployed Xbox 360 with Microsoft media room services
this is an isolated incident where these features were inadvertently exposed
while the customers console was being serviced and is unrelated to the fall
update of course they didn't say how the fuck did that happen I mean seriously
where did that 360 go to get fixed it went to the future apparently but it is
I believe they did announce that it was supposed to be out before the end of
this year dates in the TARDIS where is the fall update in the fall no it's in
the news now fall check now I believe it's in the next few weeks next couple
weeks should be what I think last year is around the 12th or something like
that I wonder what kind of cool shiz we're gonna see in the update since
we're not seeing IPTV I know what stuff oh yeah I love stuff hey I got some
stuff yeah yeah got a salad no you ate it it has an anime an anime yes what's
that so for people who are fans of Blue Dragon we get an anime release of course
if Toriyama isn't you know involved in it you know there's gonna be an anime
involved which is why I wonder why we never got Chrono Trigger but that's
another story so um yeah Blue Dragon is going to have episodes coming to Xbox
Live for free November 15th through January 1st the episodes will all be
there to download and it's more of a promotional thing for the budget
edition that's going to be coming out for a 2940 yen which is 26 bucks here in
the US and the fourth volume of Blue Dragon anime is going to be out on DVD
this month and by the way you have to live in Japan to get that for free oh
yeah but can't just does that trick still work where you can use like a
Japanese Yahoo account to sign in or did they sign that shit like you can
remember how like for a while we were signing in on a Japanese account to
download like game demos that weren't out here and stuff well that reminds me
of the download the guilty year to demo yes it still works still use it cuz they
I thought a while they blocked that somehow yeah sure they did oh yeah they
blocked it alright so you can do shit Blue Dragon anime is only free in Japan
wink wink wink nudge nuzz but you don't have a Japanese Yahoo account or
anything that you can sign up you don't even need a Japanese Yahoo account I
just have wink I have a hotmail account that's like Loki olr JP or something
like that I don't remember what it was but um everybody sign that address up
probably really really really that's fine I'll check that dress ever so
doesn't matter but I know I also have the internet so I'll just it's just like
fuck this I'll go to YouTube see like you seriously you can also do that the
PlayStation Network to or you'll bust out your iPhone to be all eyes gots the
YouTube channel well that's actually how then watching the tomorrow people the
Nickelodeon episodes because I was like one of my favorite sci-fi shows no
where's that video game the tomorrow people yeah well first of all hardly
anybody in America unless they happen to be watching Nickelodeon in the you know
mid early 90s which was a fuckload of people actually in our generation to be
honest I know the fucking tomorrow people but the tomorrow people was like
British sci-fi from the 70s I mean it's been around for a while probably you
know a complete and utter ripoff of you know from x-men but still it was really
cool you know what I loved 70s TV when I was a kid I grew up watching the
Jefferson's and the electric company no yeah but I've been watching the tomorrow
people on my iPhone all right sorry what we can read something about later all
right it's it's just a funny can you do now so we can in part a office real
quick as there's a quote Miyamoto says wait until you see the we five years
from now yay when they're in like finally support online foley and stuff
oh I only have to wait five years awesome pulling off the wrapping slowly
seriously anyways so other fun stuff pirates vs. ninjas dodgeball such an
awesome name for a game I guess it's been confirmed to be coming to Xbox live
arcade however they haven't really nailed down an exact time frame but
early 2008 as once expected and you will truly be able to see who is better
pirates or ninjas in the ancient art of dodgeball or zombies or zombies we're
ignoring a very important class of you know so of you know hinges no cowboys
fuck cowboys ain't got nothing they're never fans yes this is cowboys horse
riding losers we never saw movies about gay ninjas or gay pirates not counting
down that wasn't gay that was just you know Keith Richards anyways alrighty
well I'm looking forward to seeing the ultimate pirate vs. ninja showdown I mean
honestly I think this is a brilliant idea for a video game pirates vs.
ninjas somebody's finally doing it what do you lame
pirates vs. ninjas come on oh yeah that's awesome you know the instead of
having a really cool fighting and they go play dodgeball yeah frickin dodge
shut that thing up frickin of Jamie showing off her YouTube edge on her
phone um now I lost my train of thought god damn you oh I was gonna say pirates
vs. ninjas oh the dodgeball game that they had on the NES back in the day I
came was awesome well you can get it on a DS member the
remake that was awesome pirates and ninjas in that game how
awesome is that let's see Tiger Claw says oh I don't know having cowboys
would give the pirates and ninjas an unfair advantage cowboys use guns so do
pirates and they have fucking zords yeah they have ninjas started I think that I
think that honestly I think that the two enemy classes should be ninja and
cowboy and you have the pirate who's the hybrid on top of that they can swim if
they're good pirate lastly in this segment before we get to the classic
game of the week the engage I know you've all been excited about you know
you remember the engage of course was the taco phone and now the engage went
away because it was going to be a new service it's a basically standardized
platform for mobile services the engage gaming platform and I know you kids
have just been waiting eagerly for the engage platform to get out there however
Nokia is delayed it there's been problems with software development and
it's now pushed back a few weeks there are you developing for the engage what
apparently EA Capcom and Vivendi are all stepping up to develop for the engage so
there you have it the engage service is coming soon anyhow coming to you right
now is the classic video game of the week every week Dark Sakura picks out a
game from the archives of history that maybe I didn't know about before and
says damn it you should be playing this game so Dark Sakura please reveal for us
like you said Dark Sakura is that the game Dark Sakura that'd be cool if there
was a game called Dark Sakura Dark Sakura picks Dark Sakura I picked a game
and that it's not really I wouldn't say obscure but it didn't come out in the
US however we've had characters from this game show up in other games and I've
mentioned it before we have cyber BOTS full metal madness which is freaking
awesome very cool I'm getting some sound here from cyber BOTS tell the kids about
cyber BOTS while I get the sound here the cyber BOTS is a fighting game that
uses a mecha and you can choose a different classes of mecha and then each
of them have three different ones that are in that class that have different
types of weaponry so it's fairly customizable how you play it and it had
these little you know cinema cutscenes and a cool storyline but this game also
is what brought us the character Jin Soutome who was in Marvel vs. Capcom and
his robot Blodia so his attack was clearly from the game certain times of
the month my wife built Blodia okay whatever anyway and this game also
brought gave us devilot from a puzzle fighter and her she has the best robot
an entire game the super 8 which is a big octopus robot so this game also had
one of the best hidden characters was mecha goki which is basically goki was
a kuma over here from Street Fighter series they have a goki robot that has
all of those attacks everything was pretty awesome but also there was a you
know for anyone now who goes back and plays puzzle fighter in here to see
devilot's code you know never heard of it still to know cyber BOTS is Capcom's
number one game that's what it is I've actually got a special edition that came
with like a book in this big box and it was really cool on on Saturn and you can
actually still find the game for fairly reasonable but it's to me it's actually
I think one of Capcom's best games you know as far as how they're fighting is
going I think was a damn shame that you know we only got a very limited arcade
release over here it never got the home version yes all right well there you
have it boys and girls your classic game of the week
cyber BOTS I like any titles on again Saturn Saturn oh but it was arcade and
Saturn more Sega love from Dark Sakura well the Sega Saturn was like one of the
best systems there was a lot of overlooked games did fine sort of
related to Sega hmm there's many ITX computers that people are building
someone built one out of a Sega CD and a Genesis I was looking on the side it was
really cool minus collecting dust by the way all right well that's going to bring
part a of our show tonight to a close but we will be back very shortly with
more of orange lounge radio because we tape two halves in one night here on
Sunday night and then release it twice throughout the week so you get more
orange lounge radio to listen to throughout the week so we're gonna take
a quick break and we'll be right back with a little more of orange lounge
radio orange lounge radio is taped live on Sunday nights and it's podcast to the
world twice a week stay tuned to our podcast feed for the conclusion of this
week's orange lounge radio
