Orange Lounge Radio is taped live on Sunday nights and released to our podcast stream twice weekly.
To listen to the first half of this episode, visit www.orangeloungeradio.com for links to websites with listings of past episodes.
Now, the conclusion of this week's episode of Orange Lounge Radio.
And welcome back to Orange Lounge Radio. We are live on this Sunday evening, November the 11th of 2007.
Remember, we are released in two parts every week.
So if you missed part A, you can go check it out on our podcast feed in the archives.
Or, of course, there's always our live webcam feed on Operator 11.
Visit www.operator11.com.
And sometimes we do some other little bonus shows, too.
In fact, we're going to be showing off a new game tonight after the show.
So check our Operator 11 archives for that.
Meanwhile, we're going to get back into some gaming news.
And Loki is going to start us off.
Anyways, some fun stuff, of course. We got to check this out a little bit during the break here.
But the Check Me Out channel has finally been released on the Wii.
So you can go download it now from the Wii shop there.
And, of course, it's actually pretty cool.
They have a bunch of different things you can do in there.
You can browse the top voted... I guess it's like Hot or Not for Miis.
You can browse the top voted Miis in there.
You can check out some random ones, download the ones you like, which is pretty cool.
Post the ones you think are cool.
Other people will rate them.
Then they have themed contests.
The one going on right now is Design a Mi that looks like Mario without his hat.
Which I've seen a Mi like that.
I think it's on my list. I should just submit that.
I should totally plagiarize. No, I won't do that.
Well, I think if they have the person's name on it, though, it's going to credit them.
So it's not going to say you did it.
But that's basically what it is.
And it's pretty cool looking.
Yeah, kind of interesting. We tape live on Sundays.
And literally, during the break between part A and B,
because we take about a 10-15 minute break between the two parts when we're taping live,
is when the message came on the Wii that the channel was up.
So, Loki and I briefly looked for like five minutes of the new channel during the break.
And some pretty interesting Miis in there.
I like there was like a Jordy LaForge Mi that was in there.
Somebody had created a little miniature picture of like a penguin on somebody's face.
Like I thought that was really good skills.
They have some pretty cool Miis on there.
I don't know if I could post some of the ones I've made, though.
Yeah, you might get rejected.
What happens if you send penis head in? That might get rejected.
That would not be good.
Very cool. So for those of you guys listening live,
for those of you in our chat room and listening live to us on Sunday,
go check that out if you have a Wii. It's up now.
And you can look at some Miis.
And I was just looking at random Miis, and some of them are interesting.
But I thought what was interesting is that one of the Miis that came in the random pool,
because you could put just pool random 50 Miis,
was exactly like a Mi one of my friends had created on my machine.
It was the exact same thing, but it was somebody else's name.
I'm wearing a different color. It was so weird.
So weird.
I guess certain faces are still popular. I don't know.
But anyway, the Check Me Out channel is available right now.
And by the time most of you guys hear this, it will have been out for actually quite some time.
Something moving on, speaking about the Wii.
The Wii has been rumored earlier this week based on a comment from Reggie Fils-Aime
to have 200 virtual console games by the year's end.
And people were kind of freaking out, like, wait a minute.
In order for the Wii to have that many games by the year's end,
they're going to have to really step up their production
by putting out like four and a half games a week.
Four to five games every week.
Sorry, this week you're going to get the first half of...
Some of those old games they put out should only count as half a game, honestly.
But Nintendo put out an official statement that Reggie was only approximating,
that there's not actually going to be 200 virtual console games by the year's end.
But there will be about 180 if they keep up their current output.
So there you have it.
Lots and lots of stuff to check out, the old school stuff.
However, I would like to point out we are, what, 160 games in so far,
and still no guardian legend.
This makes me a sad panda.
That is sad.
It is a crime.
Awful.
So I don't know what rights you have to get,
but you better get those really quick.
So that's all I have to say about the virtual console.
Well, for our friends in the UK,
Super Mario Brothers 3 is heading to virtual console.
Actually, we are getting it on Monday.
Is that correct?
We got it this Monday.
Yeah, we already...
Yes.
This Monday.
And it's going to be 500 Wii points.
Also coming out is Blue's Journey for the Neo Geo,
and that will be 900.
And also Power Golf for Turbo Graphics 16 for 600 points.
Well, I'm glad to see that Super Mario Brothers 3
is making the rounds worldwide, because it is a great game.
It is one of the all-time great NES classics,
so everybody gets to enjoy it now.
Hooray.
Yay.
Anyways.
So apparently some best buys have been breaking the street
on Super Mario Galaxy and settling it early.
Shame on them.
And apparently a few people have been buying
according to the Games Facts forum thread, I guess.
They have pictures online, including stuff.
But hey, you only have to wait a couple more days to play it,
so hooray.
Now, if they had Super Smash Brothers,
that would be a feat.
I somehow don't think they can get that right now.
AZHP is in our chat room and is bragging,
I got a copy.
So apparently somehow some folks were able to get one
from Best Buy, so good job to those folks.
Moving on.
Speaking of Super Mario Galaxy, right now,
right this very minute, there is an event going on
at the Nintendo World Store in New York City.
It is the Mario Galaxy Launch Party.
It's going on right now.
I think it started at 8 p.m. is when it started.
But it's only been going until 10 p.m.,
so I guess it is going to end pretty soon here,
and then it's going to reopen again at midnight.
I guess the game officially goes on sale at midnight tonight.
So the whole thing is going on right now.
And apparently they've had a DJ, dancers, a Velcro wall,
a bungee run, trivia contest,
and a laser light show inside the building.
And apparently Mario himself, or at least a fat guy
in a Mario outfit, is there as well.
250 Wii systems also on sale at the Nintendo World Store.
And actually one of our listeners is there live
and is supposed to be calling us any minute now
with a call, a report from there,
so we might have to interrupt.
Oh, here we go.
I think this is the call coming in right now.
Hi, you're on Orange Launch Radio.
Who's this?
Hi, this is Zaku.
Hey, Zaku, how are you doing?
I'm just here in the rock right here
just seeing Mario Galaxy on screen
and people just going after T-shirts
and just freaking my ass off.
So, yeah, that's pretty much it.
What the hell's going on?
I mean, there's almost black right now.
What the hell have they been doing there tonight, Zaku?
They've had a Velcro wall?
Large party.
They have a live T-shirt right now.
They're giving out free shit.
There's people waiting in line for the launch,
and I know one of them is the one that actually got
the first Wii in this country last year
in front of us in Times Square.
That same guy.
Wow.
That same guy with the power glove on his right hand.
There's some hard...
He's up on the line like one of the first two.
There's some hardcore people out there right now.
Yeah, I can't hear that much right now.
What?
I was just going to say, it sounds like there's some hardcore people there.
There's like a few dozen people.
But there's like, let me see,
I count maybe 50 or 70,
or like 60 people just waiting in line right now.
So tell us more about...
I've seen beyond the store and into the other buildings.
Tell us more about the special events that are going on.
Have you actually been able to get your hands on the game yet?
Yes, I played it.
They had like three guys with monitors
basically sticking out from like a rod
or something that they're carrying on their back with the game.
Kind of like how they did it last year with the segway.
You know, the Wii hooked up to the segway,
now they're basically walking.
They're carrying all that gear, walking the game,
you know, bringing the game to you by foot.
Wow.
Our chat room is just pretty excited to be hearing
the actual live report from the show going on right now.
In fact, Frisbee in our chat room says,
this is the first time I've heard Zaku call in and not sound sleepy.
So you definitely are excited to be there, right?
No.
Oh, come on.
I had to bust my ass in the cold.
What do you think?
I pretty much kept going to get some coffee
and taking a leak just to get this call through.
But yeah, so far it's been good.
I mean, the game pretty much plays like Mario 64,
only with motion control and slightly better depth.
Awesome.
Well, can you give a shout out to the entire crowd
that Orange Launch Radio says hello?
I'm outside of the crowd.
It's pretty thick right there.
It's going to be hard to get inside there.
Can you give a big shout out to everybody around you
that Orange Launch Radio says hello?
Oh, man, random strangers just saying some crazy stuff.
If I knew about this earlier, then I would have just done my whole body
with all our motion stuff.
It's all good.
It would have put the website down.
It's all good.
Zaku, thanks so much for the report and have fun at the event.
And don't go too crazy, okay?
Yeah.
All right.
Take care, buddy.
Have a good one.
I'll see you guys later.
Later.
Poor guy.
That's one of our infamous callers, the legend of Zaku,
calling us live from the Mario launch event
at the Nintendo World Headquarters in New York City.
Isn't that fun when we can do live reports like that?
More stuff needs to happen on Sunday nights when we can do that.
Good times.
You can definitely hear, like, in the background,
like there's tons of people there.
It's amazing.
All right.
Well, let's move on then with the news.
Thank you, Zaku, again for that special report.
Well, in other news, and I think that this is pretty cool
because there are a lot of fans of this game.
For anyone with a PSP, Disgaea is heading out to PSP.
It will be called Afternoon of Darkness.
Oh, so it's like a new game in the series.
Sounds like.
Cool.
They're putting in a few specific things for the PSP,
like a multiplayer mode where you can go against your friends worldwide
or share items from your shop.
It has an exclusive storyline,
and you're trying to become the beauty queen ultimate overlord.
Isn't that your goal in real life, Dark Sakura,
to become the beauty queen overlord?
No, my goal is just to be the overlord.
I see.
I know a lot of people really love Disgaea for its quirky sense of humor,
and I played it once.
It's fun.
I need to sit down and spend more time with it
if I could ever tear myself away from those damn MMOs.
Well, if you're in the U.S.,
you're in luck because it came out a couple weeks ago.
Sweet.
Definitely worth picking up if you like Disgaea.
So it's very typical that the Brits are getting in a couple weeks behind.
Sorry, guys.
We still love you.
PSP is a region free,
so if you really, really, really, really, really need your Disgaea right away,
then there you go.
Anyways, not the big surprise,
but Sony has released a custom theme maker for the PlayStation 3,
much like they did with the PSP after they had theme support for that.
Of course, with the new firmware 2.0 allowing themes,
you can now create your own.
So yes, as soon as I get around to it,
I will create new themes for the PSP website,
and I'll also create a theme for the PlayStation 3 as well.
It's about time.
Sheesh.
Yeah, whatever.
I'm too busy playing stuff.
I just renewed the domain not that long ago,
and I seriously considered just letting it expire,
but then I remember that there were some people that were e-mailing us
saying, I listen to you on the PSP,
and so I figured, all right, for them we'll keep the site up.
It was a really well done website.
You don't see many PSP custom done websites.
I did not renew the domain for OLRE
since I never made a site for that.
Damn you.
Whatever.
Who cares?
Let me forgive you.
Well, also on the PlayStation 3, apparently,
if you had your firmware before version 2.0,
you usually only used to be able to see videos
if it was supported in PlayStation 3's format.
Well, now after the 2.0 patch, apparently,
the PlayStation 3 will now show you thumbnails,
running times, and file names for other supported,
other non-supported formats, such as XVID and DivX.
Now, you can't play them.
You can just see them,
but certainly people are taking that one step further and saying,
well, this is a sign that you're actually going to have support for DivX
and XVID in the near future on the PlayStation 3,
which would certainly be a welcome addition.
Yeah.
But for right now, you only get thumbnails,
and you get to know they're there.
It's just that it will say, you can't watch me,
nah, nah, nah, nah, nah.
So there you have it.
Oh, poor baby.
Well, so it's about, you know,
we've had this going on for years and years and years and years, you know.
They have a preliminary settlement for the class action suit
against Take-Two Interactive for the hot coffee.
Oh, boy.
Oh, my God, this is years old.
Yeah.
So basically the terms of the settlement,
the ones who can benefit from that,
as if they bought a copy of Grand Theft Auto San Andreas
before July 20th, 2005.
B, were offended by the game's content
that used the hot coffee modification.
That means they would have had, I take...
I was offended that I had to unlock it.
I think, no, they said they were upset by the ability
to modify and alter the game.
Well, I was upset that you had to have an ability to do it
and it wasn't just there.
So can I have money?
And that they would not have bought the game
had they known the ability was there
and would have returned the game
upon learning that the game could be modified
if they thought possible.
So they have to be able to prove all of this
and exchange their copy for a cash settlement
of up to $35 with their proof of purchase.
Wow.
So the...
There's still more money than GameStop will give you for it,
so hey.
Pretty much.
Take-Two is committed to spend 1.025 million
on the settlement benefits
and their out-of-pocket cost total is 2.75 million.
So now you can...
And paying the court cost.
Now, Pete Caruno in our chatroom says,
You can get free money if I say I'm offended by something?
I'm in.
You have to have your proof of purchase.
You have to have the proof of purchase.
Who the hell has a proof of purchase that late?
I know.
Well, that's how they get around it, you know.
But I'm going to save it for granted without a fork
because I'm going to be highly offended by that someday.
I want to see how many people actually have it.
Highly offended that I didn't get my $35 sooner.
There's a statement, by the way.
Oh, yes?
From Ben Fetter, who's the CEO of Take-Two.
If the case had continued,
we believe the court would have agreed that Take-Two
was not liable for consumers acting independently
to modify their games with third-party hardware and software
to access normally inaccessible content.
Nonetheless, we believe it is in the best interest of the company
to avoid protracted and costly litigation to prove our case
and to finally put this matter behind us.
Gerardimo says, I'm offended by your offense.
ActDeft, our listener from Mexico who's listening,
says, I'm suing the guys that made the Spanish training game.
I'm offended and I need money.
Spanish for everyone.
Awesome.
Wow.
So, I don't know.
I would like to see if they're going to release figures
on exactly how many people actually went and got money over this.
I'd be kind of curious to see how many people actually had the proof of purchases
and actually went through the song and dance to do this.
I think that would be kind of an interesting figure.
I bet it's less than a couple thousand, if that, honestly.
I mean, how many people are going to think to do this?
Most parents were pissed off and they moved on, right?
Well, you know, there's going to be letters that go out to anyone involved
that put their name in with the lawsuit.
I guess that's true.
Anyways, so there's an interesting drama going on on the website The Consumerist.
Apparently, a PS3 owner had a problem with their PS3 not working,
so they sent it in to be repaired and I guess, according to them,
it was too dusty to be fixed and they considered that because of the dust,
it was not covered under the warranty.
Uh-oh, my Wii is going to be out of warranty as well then
with a thick layer of dust on that thing because Mario Galaxy is not out yet.
They said that it was an act of God or customer abuse.
That would be under...
But it's funny though because there was a follow-up to this as well.
God has smited my PlayStation 3 with a thick layer of dust.
The horror, the horror.
But there was also a follow-up to that.
I remember reading that that whole statement, of course, is not really true.
Yes, Sony does. Dust does not void your warranty as well,
but that was in the later follow-up, I guess.
But this one lady that was adamant,
she said that she was the head of the customer service department
or something like that in any way that they called.
Oh, and then the other thing too is the guy said,
well then hell, take a picture of this dust
and let me see what exactly you're talking about if it's so detrimental.
And they said, oh no, we can't take any pictures of that
because all the pictures would be owned by Sony
and then you can't see them without a subpoena or something like that.
You have to pay under $50 to repair it out of warranty or something like that.
Our chat room is lighting up with conversation here.
Odd1 says, it was an act of shitty games.
Frisbee says, God made dirt and dirt don't hurt.
No, but basically, I was just going to read some sections of this here.
The guy, I kept my 60-gig PS3 in an entertainment center since its purchase.
It is known within the PS3 community that the thing is a huge dust magnet.
I took good care of it.
I have ten Blu-ray discs that did not come free of my PS3.
Five games, five controllers.
Why the fuck do you have five controllers?
What the hell are you playing?
Maybe specialty controller?
NBA Live, I'm guessing, because that game supports up to seven.
Or not NBA Live, NBA 08 or whatever, or 07.
Yeah, we get it.
Two 42-inch LCD TVs, one 50-inch Bravia LCD rear production TV air,
something like that, via desktop, via laptop, blah, blah, blah.
Anyways, one day I turn it on, I put a disc in, and it doesn't show up,
and it won't eject.
Finally, I get to eject, and I try to Blu-ray, and nothing.
The CD is nothing.
So I call customer support who originally told me they can't do anything
because I don't have the original sales receipt.
It was a gift.
I stayed on the phone for hours explaining to them that I have the receipt
or I don't have the receipt because it was a gift.
Finally, the reps said that it was strange that the early reps hadn't let me
go through with the exchange.
If it was a gift, it was a policy not to require receipt, blah, blah, blah.
Anyways, five days later, I have no updates.
Six hours later, after calling them again, I get a call from someone from Nell
saying, unfortunately, they have opened the case and taken pictures inside
and outside the case, and it was too dirty to be eligible for replacement.
SSJ100Matt in our chat room says, was the owner Pigpen from Peanuts?
And Azurameh says, I hope I pronounced that right, says PlayStation 3 weakness
is dust, which makes me think of the end of signs.
It was water that was their weak point the whole time.
Now it's like dust.
Anyway, he goes back and forth.
The supervisor, who apparently was a bitch, named Daria Wu, extension 55682,
basically told him that the picture of the PSP was the property of Sony
Computer Entertainment of America and that they would have to subpoena
pictures in order to see them, and blah, blah, blah.
And then, of course, at the very end, he says, I don't get it, so I'm using
it to be folding at home with their consoles.
The auto start feature makes it so that it's running almost all the time.
Of course, it's going to be filled with dust.
Few reps said the reason they couldn't replace it is because it looked like
it had been two years worth of dust rather than eight months.
The console hasn't even been out for years, so obviously that's less than
a year's worth of dust.
And, of course, he's all pissed off about it and wasn't going to stay quiet,
and that's why everybody ran it.
And then, apparently, like I said, the follow-up, another consumer rep
reported, I'm calling pretty much to clarify the PS3's warranty.
If there's any clause in the warranty that makes it so that the PS3 is too
dusty, that the warranty is void.
And the rep said, no, no, and no.
The only way that it voided is if it were neglected, views dropped,
or anything like that, modification.
Like, if you opened it up, if you don't have the sales receipt,
power failures, mother nature actually voids the warranty.
Christ, there's a Bible written on this whole thing, isn't there?
Let me put it this way, why didn't they just fix it?
I mean, seriously, their, I don't know, the fucking system obviously
hadn't been opened up.
So what?
It's dusty.
You're doing a horrible job of making it a dust magnet.
All right.
Well, anyhow, I'm sure we're getting lots of colorful comments on that one.
If you have something to attribute, if your PlayStation 3 has died due to dust,
we'd love to hear from you.
You know what?
What?
I think this is a job for dust cap, too.
Mailbag at orangelaundry.com if you'd like to send us an email.
And Jamie will be opening up the mailbag very soon,
but we have one more story for you guys before we get to that point.
And that would be about Warner Brothers.
Warner Brothers has decided to purchase Traveler's Tales
and the parent group TT Games.
You might know Traveler's Tales from the Lego franchise as well.
So Warner Brothers just wants to own that shit.
So there you have it.
By the way, they'll be putting out Lego Batman very soon,
which looks kind of awesome because I love old school Batman.
So there you have it.
All right.
Well, like I said, every week you guys send us email to mailbag
at orangelaundry.com.
And the one and only Dark Sakura will open up the mailbag,
dive on in and read her favorite emails
and maybe some of the ones she didn't like either.
Hopefully this is a good week.
I don't know, Dark Sakura.
Was it a good email week?
On a scale of 1 to 10, maybe a 6, a 7?
R.
It was an R.
Okay.
Well, anyway, I don't know how that works,
but here goes Dark Sakura with this week's mail.
Mailbag at orangelaundry.com.
The first email comes from Xenocore.
Hey, folks.
I recently acquired a copy of Oreno Rioni for a PS1.
I love this game.
However, the emulators I have used with the game
don't give me precise control on all analog sticks.
Do you know of the better method to play this game,
whether emulated or mod chip?
I still have the initial launch PS2 and a 60-gigabyte PS3.
What can I do?
I love this game and can't wait to play it.
Well, I'm not really the best person to tell you
because I actually have a Japanese PS2
and I have several modified...
Well, not really that they're modified,
but I have the PS1 before they removed the back port
so that you couldn't use the GameShark thing on it.
So I really, from experience, could not tell you.
What game?
It's Oreno Rioni.
I had never even heard of that game, I'm sorry to say.
So I know we love obscure titles, but...
Dear Wikipedia.
Yeah.
No, not that one.
You know, and I got to say, the PlayStation 1,
that was kind of the period of my life
where I wasn't gaming a whole lot.
I played a lot of the big games,
like Final Fantasy VII and Infinity of the Night,
but I missed a lot of shit during that period
because that's when I was in college
and I was actually doing a little bit of work
here and there between Puzzle Fighter II.
I was back in the day when I was purchasing
HK copies of games,
importing Ridge Racer 4 and shit like that.
Well, even Google can't find this.
I'll leave it to the chat room to say something about it, though.
The Flawless Bolt X says,
Funny how someone mentions a PlayStation 1 game
when last episode Loki said no one plays them anymore.
Hey, there's some irony.
In the U.S.
Sorry we don't have much more for you, my friend.
Hey, we're going to be playing Vibriven.
True.
Right?
Hey, but people that play PlayStation...
Let me play it this way, though.
If you want to play a PlayStation 1 game right now,
you're probably either playing it on a PSP,
whether it be modded or not,
or, you know, you're probably playing it
on a PlayStation 1 that you already have.
You know, I don't think people are out there.
Maybe there's people out there
that want to play Final Fantasy VII
or something like that to try it out,
but I don't think there's actually people out there
that are like, you know what?
I think I'm going to buy a brand new PlayStation 1
and some PlayStation 1 games.
You know, most people don't really go back that far.
Sorry, we weren't much help on that one.
We're not experts on everything.
Just most things.
But congratulations for stumping the host.
Dude, I couldn't...
Here's some free Rice-A-Roni.
I couldn't find anything about that game.
Anyway, we get an e-mail from Thomas that says
O-L-R equals win.
Well, thank you, Thomas.
And we get one from Robert N.
It says, I'm not sure if tonight's show
includes plans on discussing the harmonics iPod game phase.
Hey, you're psycho.
I mean, psychic.
Maybe psycho, too.
Freudian slip.
How dare you insult the listeners.
You know what, whatever.
But I did go ahead and purchase that on iTunes Store.
I have only two complaints,
which are issues with all iPods games so far.
First of all, it uses a lot of battery power while playing.
Secondly, any session between syncing the iPod with your computer with iTunes
in which phase is played even once
appears to clear out your play counts for all podcasts and songs,
which isn't even an issue if you don't care about play counts,
but it could be problematic for podcasts.
It's playing phase to a podcast.
Wow, that might be interesting.
Or not.
Otherwise, the game is a lot of fun, simple, but addictive.
Most of it uses the back, select, and forward buttons
tapped to the beat of the music,
following on-screen scrolling options
with a great artistic style surrounding it.
A few parts use the scroll wheel to follow a line for bonus points,
which build up stars needed to pass checkpoints.
It usually works equally as well with songs you add to the playlist in iTunes
as it does with its built-in songs,
including new songs by Freezepop, Ben Camaro, among others.
Sweet.
Highly recommended for fans of music games.
Sounds kind of fun.
I need to check that out still on my iPod, which I will at some point.
I didn't realize it came with some free songs.
That I did not know.
Freezepop is cool.
Very cool.
J-Rod.
I'm just glad that we missed that concert last week.
I bought my PS3 from Kmart,
and now they stopped selling Blu-ray discs to those damn traders.
This is the person with the really cool signature
that says this email is sponsored by the Olive Garden,
home of Never Ending Salads.
And breadsticks.
Don't forget breadsticks.
I don't want any more salad.
It's going to be more salad for you.
Oh, never mind.
I was going to say something, but I lost.
My train derailed.
My train of thought.
The salad destroyed your train.
Because I started thinking about the Olive Garden,
and the Olive Garden is awesome.
Well, we have a long one.
Hurray for long emails.
It says this is actually being sent to us by,
well, if I just say Rick,
because he didn't put a nickname in there,
but it seems like he's from the UK.
That's cool.
Hi, guys.
Let me know if you get the reference.
Okay.
It started with GameSpot,
and then it expanded to IGN.
Then I found this link to OLR on a random podcast site.
Now my crack-like habit of listening to gaming podcasts
creeps into my working day.
Yours being the one I look forward to the most.
Oh, thank you.
Oh, thank you.
Cheerio.
Cheerio.
Now as my girlfriend is sleeping,
I must wait till tomorrow to download
and heat up my OLR fix on the spoon,
then inject it into my ears while striving to work
or pretending to concentrate on my PC screen at my desk,
stifling a few good laughs, I might add.
This guy is hardcore.
I love it.
Rad.
I own a Wii.
Now, I know it may not seem as a hardcore system,
but I love it.
I have owned every incarnation of Nintendo's system
and enjoyed them all.
Yes, even the N64 Dark was cool apart from the last level.
And I have never had a hardware failure with any of them
apart from when I made Smoke come out of the back
of my Super NES after playing Desert Strike for 24 hours solid.
Wow.
Hardcore.
I don't know if I'd say hardcore more so fanboy.
It's all right.
It's not a crime.
I recently bought a nice 32-inch Panasonic LCD TV,
and I was excited by the thought of mating my Wii
with my new tele.
Yes, I'm from England.
See, I told you.
To make sweet love and produce a little bundle of gaming joy.
To my confusion, I seemed to have funny little dots
all over the screen.
Then I played Resident Evil 4.
I was horrified to see it looked like a crusty pile
of burst hemorrhoids.
That's beautiful.
Ew.
After frantically searching the internet,
I found that the problem was with the video card
on the Wii overheating.
I rang the nice people in Nintendo and sent it away.
And after two weeks, they returned it back to me all fixed.
Now, I am happy to say it all looks fab.
Is this a common fault?
I have never heard any of this on any podcast before.
The 360 has its own podcast named
after its notorious issues.
Anyway, keep up the good work.
I would love to hear my email on your show,
as I am a big fan and you always seem to have fun.
And you guys are very knowledgeable and,
more importantly, impartial.
Stay independent.
I love how he says that after a previous listener stumped us.
That's all right.
Note to Loki and Sky.
Every time Dark Soccer reads all the emails and says,
you should do the same.
My response, though, back to that first one
about the PlayStation game.
I played on the Dreamcast.
It came out on the Dreamcast.
It's a lot easier to get it to play on the Dreamcast.
Yes.
What the?
You found?
Why is it making that noise?
Oh, because I forgot to hit stop earlier
and it was playing the Portal song from earlier.
But anyway, I did find that...
Sorry, the show.
The show was a lie.
No, but what it was is that apparently
we found some information on the game on IGN.
Apparently it was a cooking simulator
and it was the first DualShock enhanced cooking simulator on the market.
No, it wasn't on the Dreamcast.
It just came out the same day as the Dreamcast.
But they did have a demo in the US.
Whatever.
On the PlayStation Underground.
There you have it.
So it was a cooking game.
Maybe that's why they thought you would know
because you are a Cooking Mama fan extraordinaire.
So maybe this is one of those classic games
you need to go back and find.
I've been over Cooking Mama for about a month now, you know.
Dude, the sequel's out.
I know. I have to get it.
Anyway, I wanted to say...
I want to make a cake.
I wanted to say to our hardcore fan overseas
that you are not the first person to have an exploding Wii.
That particular issue, I think, is the first time I've heard of that.
Certainly nobody else I've ever heard compares it to hemorrhoid, whatever.
That was kind of weird.
But, you know, every system is going to have some that break.
You know, there's just some faulty stuff on the assembly line.
Anything that comes off an assembly line
is going to have a fault once in a while.
That game Counter Force kind of looked like a bursting hemorrhoid,
but, you know, that's just that game, I guess.
So...
But the problem was, at least with the Xbox 360,
that Red Rings of Death was very prevalent.
A lot of people had that issue,
and that's why it's become almost like a pop culture gag
within the gaming scene.
And you do have...
I didn't know there was a podcast called Red Rings of Death,
but I'm somehow not surprised.
I mean, that's why it's become such a phenomenon
and why Microsoft had to specifically extend the warranty.
To Nintendo's credit, they've managed to kind of squelch
a lot of the people complaining about this
because apparently their customer service is very good.
And as you say, they got your Wii back to you
in a couple weeks there, just brand spanking new,
and I'm imagining they didn't charge you anything for it, so...
And they also take out hits on people that complain.
Yes.
Nintendo has their own ninja task force.
If you dare talk smack about Reggie,
those guys will come to your door and say,
Wii would like to play with guns.
And your head.
So there's more.
More.
Can I finish the email?
More.
Thank you.
Spelled M-O-A-R.
P.S.
Where the fuck is my strategy game for the Wii?
Surely it's perfect for Command & Conquer.
I would even settle for Red Alert Graphics.
Is that asking too much?
Yes.
Okay, then Tiberium Wars?
Okay.
Are there any strategy games bound for the Wii?
Battle Advance Wars?
Battalion Wars 2, maybe.
And then Fire Emblem Radiant Dawn.
Nice.
But Fire Emblem Radiant Dawn, unfortunately,
is apparently very much like the last game that came out on the GameCube,
almost exactly the same.
But we like Fire Emblem.
I just hate playing strategy games myself.
Oh, and a question for me.
Did you ever play Cannon Fodder?
This is an awesome game, also should be remade for the Wii.
War has never been so much fun, and so on.
I know of it.
I actually have not played it.
That sounds familiar.
I've never played it either.
Yet another game stumping the panel here at Orange Line.
No, I think I did play it, but I just...
We've talked about Cannon Fodder on the show before.
I thought, hmm?
Back in a while, but I do believe that we have.
As in our chat room, Cannon Fodder was good, General Chaos was better.
See, when in doubt, when we're stumped, we always have the chat room
and plenty of people there to rely on their gaming knowledge as well.
There's one more last bit to this email.
Wow, this goes on forever.
Bye.
It's capitalized, so I'd say it that way.
All right.
Goodbye.
Last email.
Dearest OLR.
Oh, well, that's so sweet of you.
I know.
A journey of dreams and a new samba de amigo coming to Wii
and Rez coming to Xbox Live Arcade, which I think was Sega.
It seems Sega is what?
They published it.
Yeah.
Yeah, they published it, yeah.
It seems Sega is giving gamers a chance to play some of their better games
that were probably missed by most people.
Ow.
Some of those that should have been missed.
Should have remained missed, yes.
If this is the case, I was wondering what Sega games you would like to see remade
slash sequelized slash playable again.
Originally, I would love to see Space Channel 5 on Wii,
and it's one of the few games I would like to play by shaking the Wii mode around,
but only if Space Michael still has a part in it.
You took my answer, Jerardimo.
You took my answer, Jerardimo, you jerk.
That's exactly what I would have said to Space Channel 5.
Now what am I going to say?
Space Channel 5, too.
No, for real, because the Space Michael levels are so much better.
I love the Pudding Guitar battle.
That's my favorite.
Yeah, but the Space Michael levels are versus battles
where each side does different dances from the different videos.
They even do the freaking thriller dance, and I think that's fantastic.
How about another Crazy Taxi game, but like a good one, not a cheap knockoff.
Crazy Taxi kind of jumped the shark because there was sequel after sequel.
How about a remade really good Crazy Taxi
that has more than just the offspring as the music?
They had bad religion.
Oh, sorry.
Jet Set Radio.
Yeah.
Good answer.
That's another thing that we need is definitely another Jet Set Radio
because I freaking love that game.
Odd One agrees with that, Jet Set Radio.
Doing the graffiti with the Wiimote would be awesome in the chat room there.
GS68 says...
Well, because you'd have to do it in that pattern, right?
GS68 says Space Harrier and fuck Planet Harrier.
Planet Harrier, okay.
I love Space Harrier, but the thing is that I could not imagine
Space Harrier updated.
The best version, now...
They did Space Harrier for the Sega Aegis 2900, didn't they?
Yeah, because I think I have that one, but I love playing, actually.
My favorite thing to play Space Harrier on at home is the 32X
because it is the arcade version.
You can even reset some of the modes in that
to where it brings up all the arcade attract stuff.
I got one for you that's perfect for Xbox Live, Fantasy Zone.
Oh, hell yeah.
They probably need to put out Fantasy Zone.
Except, I think that would be kind of...
You would have to do it, though, classic controller only, I think.
Or, how about...
You know what game we haven't seen an incarnation of in a long time is Alex Kidd.
Bring me some Alex Kidd.
You know what's actually going to be coming out here pretty soon in January, I think,
is that Sega Bass Fishing.
Sounds like fun.
Well, let's remember the one on the Dreamcast with the fishing rod.
Yeah, with the rod caliber.
Yeah, that game gave us rod caliber.
Good times.
I know that I've mentioned this on the show a bunch of times,
but you could play Soul Calibur with the fishing rod, and it was really cool.
You know, you can actually play that Soul Calibur Legends.
They have that fishing rod that comes with Hooked, real motion fishing.
Have you tried it?
No, I have not tried that game because...
Well, one, I don't want to buy Hooked because it's a fishing game.
I don't fish.
I don't find fishing fun.
Simulating fishing, I think, would be even less fun.
Yeah.
I don't know.
Anyways, any more emails?
We actually got one from RobWithTwoBees
that's a link to a story about a boy who hired a hitman
to kill his parents for PlayStation punishment.
That's funny.
A boy, these parents told their son they couldn't play his PlayStation
for poor grades and bad behavior, and the son tried to hire a hitman.
Oh my god! What's this world coming to?
These people in Maryland,
Shannon and Joey Troiano from Maryland
punished their son Cory by confiscating their PlayStation
and hiding it and banned him from watching TV.
So he tried to hire a hitman.
And his mom actually set him up for a sting.
God, that kid's retarded. What in the hell is wrong with this family?
He promised that he would give him his stepfather's new pickup
as payment for killing his parents.
And then he was arrested.
And somebody was actually going to kill these people over a pickup?
No, it was... What's this world coming to?
Maybe it was a really nice pickup.
I somehow doubt that. That's crazy talk.
Wow. Wow. And she's quoted as saying,
I miss him being at home, and I miss us joking around and kidding around,
but in the same breath, I don't know what this kid will do
because that's not my son.
That can't be my little boy sitting there.
Wow.
It said that his behavior got worse ever since his father left.
It's like Rosemary's Baby or the omen or something crazy there.
Wow.
Any more emails to depress us?
It said he dropped out of school and stole 45 bucks.
Wow. This guy sounds like a real winner.
Yeah, that's it.
That's it for emails.
If you want to email us sometime, mailbag at orangelaungeradio.com.
Meanwhile, more news.
News.
Anyways, so some pretty cool stuff.
According to Valve, they're adding the Orange Box games
to the Source Software Development Kit.
So that means that you guys can go out there
and make some cool new levels and mods and whatnot
for Half-Life 2 and Team Fortress 2
and all sorts of fun stuff.
Let's see here.
God, we're going to see shitloads of portal mods.
Included in the Software Development Kit
are the Hammer World Editor,
which provides the capability of creating custom levels
for Source Engine-based games,
Valve's custom Face Poser tool that allows users
to produce choreographed sequences in the Source Engine,
a Model Viewer that allows artists
to preview models and animations quickly,
a Source Code that allows mod makers
to create their own games based off of Half-Life 2
or Half-Life 2 Deathmatch,
and all the tools required to make, build custom textures
and models for Source Engine games.
So, that's a whole lot of cool stuff.
And I've actually seen, there were some custom maps out there,
or mods or something like that, with a portal
that actually had some gravity modifiers in there as well,
like different sections of the map had different gravity and whatnot.
So that'd be kind of cool.
Wow, all right.
Well, I definitely, you know, I'm looking forward to seeing
some of the mods you're going to do,
and I would say it's only a matter of time
before we get a mod for Portal,
where the cake will, in fact, be truth.
Actually...
What?
And people are saying these are Easter eggs,
but I think they're more in-game glitches.
You can actually get to their room at the end of the credits
where the cake is.
Hmm. Interesting.
Yeah.
Hacks, mad hacks, game genies.
No, there's ways, if you put in the code
where you can shoot portals anywhere on any surface,
you can actually get it to where you can clip through the walls sometimes.
Yeah.
But there's also, I think it is kind of cool
that the whole credit sequence,
when you're going through where the pipes are,
you can actually...
There is a glitch where you can go into that area
because it is fully rendered and in the game.
Well, there's been a healthy donation
of some SimCity made by EA.
You've probably heard of the One Laptop Per Child program.
This is something where, like,
they were going to actually put laptops in classrooms
in other countries for children in the classroom.
Well, EA has actually donated the original version of SimCity
to be pre-installed on all machines.
So, kind of interesting, a very classic game, SimCity.
It kind of teaches you something about city management
and certainly uses logic and a lot of other skills in the game.
So there you have it.
Being donated by Electronic Arts
for every one of those $100 laptops.
That's pretty cool.
Donations are cool, but seriously,
couldn't they have pwned in the money for SimCity 2000?
No, I'm just kidding.
The classic is way better.
I hate SimCity 2000.
Well, it's also the laptop's pretty old.
I mean, well, not $100.
They're 100 bucks. Hello.
The processor in it is not exactly powerful and stuff, so...
Okay, look, as long as they play Oregon Trail,
what else do you need?
That's what kids need in this school.
Exactly. That should have been Oregon Trail.
So then they would need a Mac.
Or just an Apple IIe with the green monitor.
Apple IIe.
Those things for the shit.
And I want all these kids to learn Logo.
Oh.
Pen down.
Forward 20.
Right 90.
Forward 20.
Right 90.
Hey, guess what?
Atari 2600 News.
The Atari 2600 has been inducted into the National Toy Hall of Fame
at the Strong National Museum of Play.
You know what the other two things that were inducted were along with it?
Raggedy Ann.
No, Raggedy Andy.
Sorry.
And the kite.
Like the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame, but with toys.
The museum's curator has said that the Atari system paved the way for today's gaming consoles
and quote mesmerized a generation with games such as Space Invaders, Pac-Man, and Frogger.
The kite.
So that's pretty cool.
Yeah, apparently it's also in there with the teddy bear roller skates and Mr. Potato Head.
Is Light Bright in the Toy Hall of Fame?
I don't know, but it should be, dammit.
It should be, absolutely.
And before they made them crappy, I want the Light Brights that could like set on fire
if you played Light Bright for too long.
Because Light Bright is the greatest toy of all time.
And by the way, by the way, my classic computer love goes towards the Texas Instruments computer.
I want a Light Bright.
Let's make that happen.
I want a Light Bright so we can put O.L.R.
I had a Light Bright.
Did I tell you?
I swear to God we're going to like the flea market soon.
But the thing is that my peers would always get mad at me because I would have them buy
me extra dots and I would make my own pictures.
I would never use the things that came with them.
I made my own pictures.
I made patterns.
Patterns are my thing.
But you know what I found?
At a yard sale like a year ago, I found Transformers Light Bright patterns.
That's awesome.
So I kept them.
I bought them.
I totally want a Light Bright.
Can't you imagine putting a Light Bright here on the shelf?
Guys, listeners, find us a Light Bright.
We implore.
eBay?
I swear to God I'm going to yard sales.
I'm going to eBay right now.
Please do.
Anyways, in case you've been living under a rock, the Writers Guild of America is striking
right now.
I mean, it's just a surprise.
Anyways, so what that means is a lot of movie productions have halted and one of those movies
that's kind of been put on the brakes, I guess, Wolfenstein and Sci-Fi Wire apparently is
reporting that the script is almost done, but everything as far as the production date
and that kind of thing won't be decided until after all of this is over.
And of course, you know, Roger Avery fully supports the strike and yeah.
So darn, I guess we have to wait for a Wolfenstein movie.
Just a thought.
It's probably going to suck.
So take your time.
It's alright.
And if the movie sucks, I will go on strike from doing this program.
There was somebody commented, I want to say this on Any Cool News or something like that,
and I'm sure people have made the same kind of comments, that TV watchers and movie watchers
should have their own guild and strike when there's like crappy movies.
Refuse to watch them.
Why the hell does a light bright have $52 shipping on it?
Christ.
Sorry.
That's a light truck.
And then the ones, I found a light bright for 25 bucks.
Well, I think the whole Rider Strike thing does kind of, I mean, it's unfortunate.
Well, the reason why it has $52 shipping is probably because the sale price, if it's cheap
enough, they don't have to pay as much of an eBay tax, I guess, on that thing or the,
you know, eBay doesn't get as big of a portion and then that way they can just make it all
up in shipping.
That's cheap.
That's working the system.
They need to have one with a buy it now on here.
Alright.
And I would like to point out that Marissa in our chat room says light bright has become
modern with light bright flat screen.
Yeah, and I want an old one, like the one I had from 1982.
Can you find an Etch A Sketch while you're at it?
Okay, I found a 1986 light bright refill pack.
Rad.
We might have to get that so we get plenty of orange pegs.
Anyhow, something else from the 80s that is awesome is The Last Starfighter.
Yes.
And remember how The Last Starfighter had like a video game kind of in it, but it was
never actually a game?
It was supposed to be a game, but it wasn't.
Well, what happened is that this guy actually put together a copy of the Starfighter game
and actually put it in the cabinet.
Atari had made this full final version of the game, but they never actually put it out.
But thanks to the love and hardcoreness, for lack of a better term, of this guy, he can
now play Starfighter in his house.
I mean, this comes complete with like the levers and everything.
This isn't just in any old cabinet.
This isn't like an actual cabinet like the one from the movie.
If you want to see this for yourself, Roguesynapse.com, let me spell that for you guys, R-O-G-U-E-S-Y-N-A-P-S-E.com.
You found a virtual light bright?
One of our chatters linked it.
That's just not as cool.
I'm sorry to say.
I appreciate the effort.
So that's pretty cool.
So if you want to play Starfighter for yourself, head on over because they have a download
link on that page, Roguesynapse.com.
So moving on with the gaming news.
Dude, I was playing light bright, Rob.
Sorry.
Sorry.
Anyhoo, moving on.
For our anime fans in the chat room, there is a Persona 3 anime to be out in January.
Being put out by Aniplex's A-1 Pictures, they are adapting it for a...
It's actually going to be called Persona Trinity Soul in January 2008, which is set a decade
after the game and will center around three brothers in a city where the dead have turned
their skins inside out.
Ew.
Yeah.
I'll probably watch it.
That sounds really cool.
Is that kind of like that guy in PBS?
I don't think so.
There's a lot of people that love their Persona, so this is, I'm sure, good news to a lot of
the fans of Persona 3.
I think so.
Inside out, man.
Anyways.
So, speaking of eBay earlier, if you're desperate for some celebrity memorabilia, eBay of course
is the place to find it, and since this is vaguely game-related, Gary Coleman is selling
his GameCube.
Yes, times are pretty hard for old Gary, and of course he is signing his GameCube as well
as the games coming with it, which if I remember correctly there was one from Robots, the movie
of the game, and some other crap in there.
So let's see here.
So if you're interested in it, only $510 right now is the going price for it.
Let's see, it includes Mortal Kombat Deception, Super Smash Brothers Melee, Mario Kart Double
Dash, Sonic 2, Adventure Battle, and Sonic Gems Collection.
Nice.
And Gary Coleman has signed each one of those things, so now you can own a piece of Gary.
A little itty bitty piece.
He's welcome to keep it.
Former mayoral candidate, or I mean, gubernatorial candidate here in California.
You might remember when Gary Coleman ran for governor, remember?
He didn't even freakin' make the top ten.
I know.
Although, that one porn star did, she was in the top ten, the Mary Carey or whatever
she was.
Hey, I totally supported her because- Wasn't she like promising like a blowjob for everyone
that voted for her?
Probably.
That's my vote.
I would like to point out that, and I apologize if I'm butchering this name in our chat room,
Necro Arca in our chat room linked us to a Lite Brite Cube.
It's a modern version of the Lite Brite that's available on Amazon.
It's actually like four sides to it.
I know a cube has six sides, but the top and bottom don't actually do anything.
But that's kind of neat because you can put a pattern on every side.
That is pretty cool.
But I want an old school one, yo.
15 bucks for that.
No way.
I want an old, old one.
Yeah, I want an old school one.
Like the kind that gets so hot that you can't touch it.
I know.
Yeah, but you know what you can do with that?
Lite Brite companion cube.
Yes.
Good time.
You know what I'm going to do as soon as I learn how to sew?
I'm going to make myself a weighted companion cube purse.
People are crazy about their weighted companion cube.
I still have not played Portal, so these jokes go over my head.
But this joke I get, and I think it's hilarious, because one of the first games I ever remember
playing on the Commodore 64 was Zork.
And Zork has apparently been smooshed with Pac-Man to create this homegrown game, Packed
TXT, and it's available for play at pac-txt.com.
It's Pac-Man meets Zork.
And yes, it's as stupid as it sounds.
You actually play Pac-Man, but it's in Zork format.
In other words, you go, eat, and it says, you have eaten another glowing dot, and you
type forward.
You have moved forward.
So stupid, it's hilarious, but I'm sure it will get old in about five minutes.
There you have it.
Anyhow, if you would like to give us a call, our Skype line is now open for business, 1-877-game-over.
I doubt we'll have anything as exciting as the Nintendo World Store call from earlier,
and Zaku actually sounding not high this week.
But who knows?
I'm sure our folks will try.
So meanwhile, while we wait for some calls since there is a little bit of a delay, let's
see if there's any last minute stories from here in chat, or here in studio.
Hey, I'm not a chat.
I'm a me.
Sorry.
My bad.
Here's an interesting one, Eiji Onomura was interviewed in the last issue of Official
Nintendo Magazine, of course that's in the UK, talking about what his interests are in
the Legend of Zelda series and how he'd like to continue it.
One thing he's interested in doing is a 3D remake of A Link to the Past, which would
be fucking awesome.
So I hope they do that.
That would be fucking awesome.
And do it in the Wind Waker Engine, none of this fucking Twilight Princess shit.
Alright, we're getting a phone call.
Let's go take it.
Hi, you're on Orange Launch Radio.
Who's this?
Oh my god, I'm on.
This is Odd1 from the chat room.
I'm sorry, what was your name again?
Wow.
Odd1.
Odd1.
O-D-D-O-N-E.
Yeah.
You made it.
You're a first time live listener tonight, right?
Yeah, I've been listening to you guys for years while I was working.
You guys got me through some really tough, long hours, and I'm so grateful to you guys.
Wow.
I just want to say thanks.
Thank you.
It's words like that that seriously keep us motivated, because we do this.
We don't make any money off of it, unlike some of the other podcasts out there that
are just out there to support their magazines and websites and stuff.
So thank you very much.
That's very flattering.
I do this for Monopoly money.
Oh, sorry.
I do this for Monopoly money.
Yeah, you take beer for the love, and it shows.
That's true.
Dark Soccer gets free beer out of this.
I get free beer.
So when we have extra beer, Dark Soccer comes to my house and drinks all my beer.
Anyway, what's on your mind, Audwin?
Honestly, I didn't think I'd get through.
I don't have much on my mind.
I just wanted to say thanks, and now that I get free time, I'm going to be listening
live every week.
Seriously, you guys are just the best.
You're welcome.
Thank you so much.
Well, then tell us about your gaming week real quick.
We'll ask you questions.
Oh, my God.
How is your gaming week?
What games have you been playing?
Man, all I got here is a GameCube right now.
Is it Gary Coleman's GameCube?
It's no good at all.
Okay, well, the GameCube's not horrible.
I'm assuming it's a money thing, which is why you don't have the next-gen systems.
It's a money thing.
It's a stolen system thing.
I don't even want to go into it.
All right, well, let's say you had $400 in your pocket right now, enough to buy any of
the next-gen systems.
Which one would you buy and why?
You know, I'd probably buy a Wii and about 20 million of those Wii points because, especially
with the Neo Geo, the Virtual Console is just hot.
I need that in my life.
It is hot.
Like, seriously, my Wii wasn't even plugged in for about three weeks.
And I finally went and plugged it back in today because I wanted to check out some of
the new stuff like the Check Me Out channel and Mario 3.
And I went back on, and I saw that Simon's Quest was on Virtual Console, and I completely
forgot about it.
And when I saw it, I seriously, I think I got a semi.
Like, that game is so awesome.
Even with the shitty translation, it's fun.
What a terrible night to have a curse.
That game.
The game is awesome.
Seriously, one of the best soundtracks of all time.
So yeah, just lots of choice.
And I know people say, just play them in emulators for free and blah, blah, blah.
But I don't know.
There's something rewarding about having the authentic experience because you know Nintendo,
you know, it's coming from the official source, and the fact that I can play it on my HDTV,
like in the old school Nintendo.
I don't know.
There's something about that that for whatever reason, maybe I'm just lazy and don't want
to hook up the whole like Dreamcast and burn the CD or whatever.
There's something about it that just, I don't know, is worth the five bucks.
Well I mean, and also, you know, I associate my computer with work.
I'll play on it, but you know, when I want to relax, I get on my couch and turn on my
TV.
That's a good point.
That's a good point.
Like I don't like to play games on the computer that were originally designed for the console.
Something like World of Warcraft or PC develop games, I have no problem playing those on
the PC.
Why do you think I have so many video game systems?
So you can sit on the couch.
So I can sit on my couch and use my original controller and play the game.
There you have it.
Exactly.
Alright, well I'm going to let you go.
Thank you so much for taking my call.
No problem Odd1.
It's very nice to hear such enthusiasm.
It makes us even more excited.
So thank you Odd1 for your call.
We appreciate it.
Have a good one.
Bye.
Bye bye.
He had just had so much enthusiasm, like was generally happy to be on the show.
I love that.
So great.
Thank you so much.
Let's go to another call.
Hi, you're on Orange Launch Radio.
Who's this?
This is Zormay.
Hello, it's Zormay.
What's up with mine?
Yeah, I just wanted to talk about just like an overall gaming this year.
You know it's like this week, Mario Galaxy and Assassin's Creed is coming out.
Do y'all find it hard to keep up with all these games?
Like I know we have like, you're married, Loki, along with Dr. Kara.
This is a huge week for games.
Yeah, this is feedback.
I know this is, with Christmas and everything, it's just like everything is coming out this
week.
Well, I'm trying to say, do you need a chance to actually play them all?
Do you find yourself able to play them like as if you would play it, like do you get all
your fun out of them, like your money for it?
Do we have time to play all these games?
Oh, no.
Well, given all the other projects that I have going on myself, I don't have time.
Hold on.
We're getting the really bad echo, Zormay, so we're going to have to let you go, but
we'll answer your questions or keep listening to the show.
But unfortunately, we're getting the really bad echo, I'm sorry, buddy.
But let's answer the question, do we have time to play all these games that come out?
I personally do not, just given that I have a very busy schedule.
I know I'm also, I haven't gone into a lot of detail on this, but I'm working on an illustration
project.
I'm still going to classes as a massage therapist.
I work as a massage therapist, too.
And with my full-time job, I don't have as much time as I would like to play some of
these games, although I am dedicating time to Portal next week.
I wish I had more time for games, but I find myself the same problem with the day job and
relationships and everything, but here's my problem is that I keep coming back to the
freaking MMOs that suck my life away, and I'm talking about WoW, Final Fantasy XI, if
Jamie gets her way, Ragnarok, my friends trying to get me into Tabula Rasa, which I really
want to check out.
You know, there's just all these freaking MMOs I keep getting sucked into, and those
are games that never finish, so you just keep going back for more, and I never have time
to play the console games.
But I do try to play a little bit of everything.
That's what makes it so easy to stay on top of the Xbox Live Arcade releases and everything.
You know, those are delivered right to your doorstep, and they're usually really short
games.
I try to sample as much as I can, but I may not play everything.
For example, right now, when I was playing Portal, I wasn't playing Halo 3 or anything
else like that.
In Assassin's Creed, to be honest, I only played about 15 minutes of it today, and same
with Super Mario Galaxy, I think I maybe played half an hour of it.
I used to buy games left and right that I would probably only end up playing for like
an hour, but I've really learned to curb that this year, and I've seriously been a good
boy and not bought games that I don't plan on spending serious time with.
So that's my other problem, is that, you know, remember, we do this for the love of the game
because we're fans of gaming and everything.
We don't get a lot of free games from companies.
Once in a great while, we've gotten free games, and so, you know, if we had more free games,
we could easily dedicate, you know, an hour between three of us, you know, each playing
games or whatever.
The last free game I got was Dragon's Lair HD.
I can't remember the last free game we got.
Last free game I got, and I don't want it, and I will be selling it back, Viva Pinata
Party Animals.
Aw, sorry to hear it.
Well, I'll take that back.
Dan got us our Halo 3 for free, and a bunch of other stuff.
The last free one I can remember getting was the mid-way- a mid-way rep I met at a show
was kind enough to give me one of those arcade classics, which was great for me because I
loved that shit, those AD games, so that was cool, but that was a long time ago.
Oh no.
Play Overlord.
Folks in chat are suggesting Gamefly.
Yes, I will play Overlord, I swear.
I will step away from Final Fantasy XI this week, the crack, the crack, and play some
Overlord.
All right.
Skype line is still open if you want to give us a call.
Just a word of advice, call Echo 1-2-3 before you call us on the Skype, and that way you
can hear what you sound like, and you can hear if there's any, like, echoing or any
of that stuff.
If your microphone is really close to your speakers, that's what causes the echo, so
sorry.
It's okay.
Any other last minute stories real quick while we wait for some more calls?
Yeah, of course I do.
Anyways, Attack of the Show is now in the Guinness Book of World Records for creating
the largest arcade machine.
It is 1,300 pounds, has 150 arcade games built into it, 14 feet tall, and has a 75 inch screen,
plus it requires quarters that are 3 inches big.
They like big things on that program, don't they, because they made a big Nintendo once,
didn't they?
I remember that at 1E3.
They had that out there.
And I will one-up everything they do.
All right, let's go to the phones.
We have another call.
Hi, you're on Orange Launch Radio.
Who's this?
Hello.
Hi.
Who is this?
Hello.
This is Marissa.
Hello.
Marissa!
Marissa!
Hey.
What's on your mind?
I was calling to say hello.
It's so nice to be able to hear the show this evening.
Yes.
It's a blast.
Very random that you're listening to us live.
Hello?
We love it.
I said it's very random that you're listening to us live.
We love it.
That's very cool.
I actually finally came across this thing known as a computer, and I purchased one.
I had been out of one for about a year because I just didn't have the money, but now I'm
back.
But I unfortunately have Windows Vista on a budget laptop, so I'm kind of screwed game
wise.
Excellent.
Now, since you have a new computer, has your gaming on the PC consisted of Solitaire and
Minesweeper?
Well, especially on Vista.
With what bloatware Vista is, yeah, because it eats all my memory.
Although I was lucky enough, I went to Target before going to Seattle to try to get some
games because I took a train trip to Seattle.
And so I wanted to have something to pass the time because it's like 38 hours.
And I got King's Quest.
Awesome.
King's Quest is the shit.
They re-released all of them onto, you know, it's supposed to be compatible with Windows
2000, but it doesn't work for Vista very well, but oh well, that was cool.
That sucks because the King's Quest series was amazing.
I loved those games when I was younger, especially King's Quest IV.
That was always my favorite because it was based on the fairy tales.
That was cool.
I basically bought a laptop and went backwards in time because the first thing I did was
get King's Quest and then the new Simon Max.
Very, very cool.
Very cool.
That was really cool, but I don't like these episodic games because I don't like paying
$20 for like half an hour worth of games.
Here's the thing.
You've got to get GameTap because not only are all the King's Quest games available on
there, but they also have the Sam and Max, but the only bummer is you have to have an
internet connection, so it's not so great for the train.
But you know, you can play for like $9.85 a month all the new Sam and Max games.
God, I sound like a commercial, but I wouldn't hype it up if it wasn't good.
I mean, it is good.
I think they've done a good thing, and I know a lot of people are rightfully so skeptical
about GameTap, but I think overall in the big picture, I mean, they've got like a thousand
games on there, classics, new stuff.
I mean, Overlord is available on GameTap and some other stuff, so it's good.
It's a good thing.
Oh, sweet.
Old stuff for me.
Otherwise, the dude bought an Xbox.
Oh, really?
Yeah, so now I've spent my evenings falling asleep in front of the TV while he plays Medal
of Honor.
Good times.
Good times.
Good times.
He dates up in a 360, right?
Yes.
I'm going to have to talk to you later to get his gamertag, and I'll give you Dan's
and mine.
Oh, quite simple.
Long hair Chris.
Long hair Chris.
Oh, that makes...
That's a castle, my boyfriend.
There you go.
You do know like thousands of people that hear our show just heard that, right?
If you get some more friend requests this week, you'll know why.
Well, okay, I'll go ahead and put Dan's on there, except I can't remember if it's with
an underscore or not, but it would be Gunstar Hero.
Okay.
So, I'll let you know for sure later, and mine I never use, so I'll let you know later.
But if he's got Halo 3, he should totally play with Dan so I can see Dan get punked.
Let's all play Uno.
He's waiting for that, yeah.
I'm not trying to talk him into getting the orange box, because I really want to play
Portal.
Yeah.
And he won't stop singing the song.
Isn't the song great?
Okay, I didn't get it at first, and it was when I finally saw it that I was like, this
is the best song ever.
Seriously, Jamie was...
I remember when that song was in the cage match, and Jamie was like, this song is stupid.
Why do people love this song?
Well, no, I said as a song without a frame of reference, it wasn't a very good song,
but now that I have the framework, now that I logged into that stupid site and took the
quiz that was on it, the personality thing, I was like, holy crap, this is messed up.
I love it.
Okay, yes, I think that's why it is so cool, although it does bring a different dimension
of weird when your coworker is singing it in a high-pitched falsetto while you're on
the phone with a client.
Oh, that's cool.
Nice.
Well, Marissa...
Oh, how'd you guys go?
It was great catching up.
Marissa, please, please log into Xbox Live sometime and we'll play Uno.
Oh, sweet.
And I'll hook up my webcam and play Strip Uno.
No, just kidding.
Do you have an Amazon wish list ready?
I can't wait.
All right.
Come on, baby.
Marissa, thanks so much for calling.
We love you.
Bye, Marissa.
Come back and be in the studio soon, okay?
Okay, bye.
All right, bye.
She has to come back soon so we can hear more stories about the Wunderbra.
These Wunderbra ears.
That was it.
I thought it was the Wunderbra.
Great.
All right, more last-minute stories.
We'll take one more call if anybody calls in, 877-GAME-OLR or username on Skype, Orange
Launch Radio.
Anyways, there's apparently a new Bioshock achievement that someone spotted on Live.
The rumor is the 51st achievement, which is actually on the list there, is 100 points
and it is from...
It's called Bulletproof.
Complete the game on hard difficulty without using a Vited Chamber.
So be interesting to see if this actually surfaces maybe in a new update or something
like that.
Anyways, let's see here.
Benjokazooie3, not coming out in 360 anymore.
It's been axed.
So, hooray.
Oh, wait.
There was something about...
I saw on Twitter that there was going to be big news coming out about a 360 exclusive
being axed.
This must be it.
This is the one.
Oh, snap.
All right.
We're getting one more call.
Oh, it went away.
Never mind.
One more thing to kind of go back to the MAME cabinet we were talking about earlier.
Game Raider.
It brings together MAME and beer.
It's a beer tap in a MAME cabinet.
Hold that thought.
We got a call coming in.
I do want to hear more about the beer thing, but this is a conference call, so I'm always
worried about these calls.
Hi, you're on Orange Launch Radio.
Who's this?
Tekken Game Podcast.
Hi.
The Bucket, Toki's and Raiden's Dolphin.
What's up, you guys?
Not much.
You were talking about Sam & Max?
Yes.
Our last caller, Marissa, is a Sam & Max fan.
I am huge.
I beat the new one today, and oh my God, it's awesome.
Is it?
About how long of gaming was it?
About five hours, but they really changed up some things about it.
They added Stinky's Tavern as a restaurant, 50's theme.
Really nice.
I really love it.
And Santa goes nuts.
Can't go wrong with that.
Lots of fun.
Lots of fun stuff.
Those are great.
Is this taking a lot of time on your show recently, the Sam & Max series?
No.
Call of Duty.
Call of Duty.
Well that's cool.
Sam & Max is a good franchise.
One of those ones I need to spend more time with, but those damn MMOs, you know how it
goes.
No.
Yeah, but this one has a hit feature, so it's much easier for the noobs to get in.
Marissa, in our chat room, actually follows up and says, Sam & Max rules, but Indiana
Jones and the fate of Atlantis is still number one in my heart.
How about Loom?
That's fine.
Where's the love for Loom?
Loom is great.
Loom is awesome.
Loom.
Well, what else did you guys want to share with us?
Anything else?
Over alerts on GameTap, download it from there.
Well, I have a copy on Xbox 360, and that way I can get achievement points because I'm
a whore for achievement points.
Ah, you're right.
Yep.
I can play Jericho or something on GameTap.
Ah, Jericho.
Didn't Jericho suck?
Well, I've heard that, but I want to see that firsthand, if it does suck.
Okay, because that's what everyone said to me, like, big disappointment, it sucks, stay
away.
Yeah, that's what I keep hearing, but I like to see these things firsthand.
I will tell you what kind of cool zombie game I've been playing on GameTap is Typing of
the Dead.
That game is shit.
Oh, that's awesome.
I've been playing that a little.
It's a steep learning curve to get all those letters in.
I can type uber fast.
Maybe because you can't type, Raven.
You type with two fingers, Raven, that you're not going to get very far doing that.
Nah, you're right.
All right.
Well, kids, we've got to let you go because we're going to wrap up the show, but thanks
so much for calling.
Thanks for taking our call.
You're welcome.
Have a good one, you guys.
Have fun with your show.
All right.
Raven and DeBucket from Tekken Games, which I think is beating us on Op 11 still.
You go, boys.
All right.
Any other last minute stories?
We're talking about the beer and maim machine.
Yes.
Skypline is now closed, kids.
Sorry if those didn't get through.
The Gamerator, it's $2,000, but it's a custom-built maim cabinet, and it comes preloaded, of course,
with 180 games.
Plus, it's got an internal AV hookups, lets you throw your PC or console in there as well.
And then, of course, it doubles as a keg.
It's got tap and everything, so that's awesome.
Beer and maim together.
Another interesting thing, I guess, there is a sequel to Dig Dug 2 coming.
I guess it's called Dig Dug Islands.
It's actually being, Namco Bandai has partnered with Verx to produce it as an online PC game.
So if you're interested in more Dig Dug, there you go.
Some last bits.
There already was like a Dig Dug one and a half on DS.
I had it.
Yeah, Dig Dug DS.
I have it.
Anyways, Nexon, of course, that South Korean company doing a lot of MMOs and stuff, they're
developing a couple games for, well, one for the Xbox 360 and one for the DS.
MapleStory is coming to the DS, so that's the one that's being worked on right now.
The other one is a MMO called Mabinogi, and that's coming to the 360.
So I guess Mabinogi is a cel-shaded MMO that looks interesting.
And then MapleStory, you know, I think a lot of people are familiar with MapleStory, so
for the DS that would be pretty cool.
And then I guess Live is doing something for their 5th anniversary starting November 15th.
Lots of parties online.
Uno for everybody.
Well, you know, that's interesting because that's starting on Wednesday.
I wonder if they got any really kick-ass Xbox Live arcade games for that day.
They haven't said what's coming out this week, have they?
No, not yet.
Maybe they're sitting on something good.
What are some really like highly anticipated games we haven't got yet?
Rez?
Rez would be fucking awesome.
Yeah, that's true.
It could be that.
Hell no.
Oh, the hella famous shooter, Treasure.
Omega 5?
Omega 5?
No, the one that's...
Igaruga?
Radiant Silver Gun.
Igaruga is the one that...
Igaruga.
Yeah.
But Omega 5, they've been pimping that out for a while now.
That'd be kind of cool.
Well, the party starts on Microsoft this week.
I thought Screw Jumper was coming out.
Did that already come out, Screw Jumper?
Oh, I think they have confirmed that is this week's title, Screw Jumper, but there could
be a second one that's really cool.
Yeah, there could be a second one.
Screw Jumper looks stupid.
It might be okay.
It might be okay.
All right.
Well, if that's it for Last Minute Stories, then we're going to go around and wrap up
this show by going around and getting everybody's final thought.
DarkSakura, thank you as always for blessing us with your presence.
What's your final thought?
My final thought is I can't find where I can save this wallpaper to so that I can make
it fit my desktop.
And I'll thank myself for blessing the show with my presence, and my final thought is
I want enchiladas really bad, because looking at this Aldoberto's mug makes me crave horchata's.
Loki, thank you as always for being here, and what's your final thought?
Final thought is there's plenty of games for me to play this week.
All right.
Sounds good.
Lots of stuff to play.
If only there were like 30 hours in the day as opposed to 24.
I'm glad I've made special arrangements for my consoles early on.
All right, folks, that's... Oh, what?
My PC is still down, so did I pump up the volume for the immediate future?
Yeah.
The only weekly shows we have going regularly right now are Thursday night, DMN is still
doing the Insanest Hour, and Saturday I believe Travis Donovan is back up and running after
a little bit of a summer hiatus.
I know he had a show this week.
So hopefully by the new year we'll be up and running with lots of shows.
We are in talks to do some stuff, so we'll get back to you with that.
And just also the FYI, next week, week after I will not be here.
Cry.
And the week after that.
You may get the... Well, one of those weeks-
I'll be in Alabama.
We're not going to be here at all.
Yeah.
We're going to take a break from the show.
I believe the Sunday after Thanksgiving, I think we agreed we can just not have a show
that week.
Although that's going to be a big gaming week with Rock Band and everything.
I think we'll live if we take a week off.
Well, hopefully we'll talk about that earlier.
We'll see.
I'm crossing my fingers.
But you can get the Loki and Rob show the week after.
We'll hold down the fort, even though Dark Soccer will be on a plane back from Alabama.
I'll be fine to go that Sunday anyways.
No, we'll see.
Maybe we'll do.
We haven't decided yet.
I don't know.
We could use a break though.
I take that time during Thanksgiving to travel somewhere, so I kind of want to go back to
Magic Mountain.
We'll see.
I've got to find somebody to go with me though.
Hopefully it hasn't burned down yet.
Hope not.
Hope not.
All right.
Well, that's it.
Thank you guys so much for tuning in to us and supporting independent podcasting and
independent radio.
We've said that a lot tonight.
Again, if you guys like what you hear, or even if you don't like what you hear, please
still help us out by telling two people you know about the program.
If you can't think of anybody to tell, then spread the word on the internet.
You can do that through iTunes by leaving us a positive reviewer or one of those many,
many sites like Podcast Alley, Yahoo Podcasts, Digg, whatever the hell.
Just help us spread the word.
We really appreciate it.
You guys are awesome.
Until next time, my name is Rob Roberts.
That is Loki.
She is Dark Sakura.
And together, we are not Captain Planet.
No, we are not Captain Planet, but we are Orange Lounge Radio.
So take care, and we'll see you next week.
Bye.
