Today, November 18th, 2007, Xbox 360 is getting its own virtual console of sorts, Divx is
coming to PlayStation 3, and is Nintendo DS redesign on its way next year?
Hello everybody out there on the internet, and welcome to another week of Orange Lounge
Radio.
We are that podcast on the internet dedicated to video games, video gaming, gaming culture,
and the gamer lifestyle.
My name is Rob Roberts, joining me as always, the co-hosts that make this shiz happen, say
hello to Dark Sakura, Jamie Summers.
And Rob gave me chocolate that has booze in it.
I hate to say it, but they didn't card me for it, so the alcohol is presumably cooked
out of the Malibu chocolate.
I'm pretty sure of it, but I still think that it's very, very tasty.
I've had some that has lots of alcohol in it though.
That's cool.
I want that.
No bears.
The ones that had the Grand Marnier in it, and they also had Johnny Walker.
I have not heard of this.
This sounds yummy.
I'll have to find out where Julie got them from, but they do card you for those.
I think you should do that now.
No.
Maybe you can get them at BevMo.
I bet you could.
All right.
Say hello as well to the one and only Loki.
Hello.
How are you doing, Loki?
I'm okay other than a headache.
Oh, I'm sorry to hear you have a headache.
Do you need some Tylenol?
No, I already took some.
Ibuprofen?
Hammer?
I already took stuff.
By the way, for the lovely folks watching our webcam feed on Operator 11, you can see
Loki's shirt.
Didn't you get this at Fonamy when we were in your life?
Yeah, I got this at Fonamy.
Grand Theft Amish, Penn State Dutch.
Lovely.
Very nice shirt there.
Nerd.
All right.
Let's get into the show tonight.
We'll start it off as we always do.
You notice this is episode 256, though, I must say.
That is kind of a landmark number.
You know why?
Well, not only is like two to a certain power, 256, but also that's one color for every color
in a VGA monitor.
Impressive, no?
You're a geek.
How was your gaming week, DarkSakura?
I played shit.
Did you now?
But I'm trying to remember what exactly I played.
Oh, yeah.
I played the After Burner.
What was it?
The After Burner arcade game.
Yeah.
No, it was the new one.
The name's on my stupid iPhone.
Jamie and I went on a double date this week.
Sort of.
Yeah, Dan came, too, and we played a bunch of ticket games at that John's Not Very Amazing
Pizza or Incredible.
It's John's Incredible Pizza, but we now call it John's Incredibly Shitty Pizza is what
it's called.
I love it, but it's the new After Burner that came out, what, a year ago?
It looked pretty rad.
I didn't even know it was there.
It's really, really cool, and we played a bunch of that, and I went on this Twister
thing.
The ride.
Oh, my God.
William was so funny.
A big hello to the person that worked there, Chris, who stopped us and was like, you're
the guy from Horizontal Radio, huh?
That was kind of cool.
I was like, I need to write this thing first.
Ego++.
What?
Level up.
He was recognized from the show by some guy who worked there.
It was pretty awesome.
So he recognized me because Dark Soccer was on the ride, and then I was like, oh, you
got to go meet Janie's mom.
Well, she's never on camera anyways, so I mean...
That's true.
You're not on Op 11, so they don't know what you look like, but she's in the album art,
so I'm sure if they've done their homework, they know, and she's on the All Games page.
There's a picture and all that stuff.
And I've got pictures of me on my Myspace.
Yeah, that's right.
Because I take them with my own camera.
That was awesome.
Of myself.
Sadly, I was not able to get free things from the ticket counter because William wanted
one of those... It was something really fruity, like a princess backpack or something stupid
just to make me buy it for him.
I don't think it was so much that he probably wanted it, but he wanted me to buy it for
him with hardware tickets.
I wanted the Rock'em Sock'em robots.
Those are cool.
I wanted the little mini pinball game because I'm not cool like Janie, and I have 20 pinball
machines in my house.
Oh, yeah.
We traded out one of our pinballs.
We're actually holding some pinball machines for a friend, and so we got rid of Time Machine,
which made me sad, but we have a Black Knight now, not Black Knight 2000, but the old Black
Knight, which is still a cool table.
Oh, sorry.
Go ahead.
Go ahead.
I was going to say, I'd like to mention, I'm posting a link in the chat room right now,
which apparently I noticed my t-shirt had a web URL on it, so this is where you can
find it.
I had to go through a few links, but this guy has some other wonderful shirts, including
one that's a spoof of the Clerks shirt, or I guess box art from the movie, Clerks.
It says, just because they heal you doesn't mean they like you.
I think that's the same place I got my shirt that's the parody of the movie 300 that has
that one guy's face on it.
It says, this is Zelda.
It might be from some other guy, but he also has another one from, it says, gaming is as
addictive as sex, but there's no orgasm to let you know when to stop.
Wow, that's classy.
Okay.
Back to Jamie's Gaming Week, please.
Loki, Rude.
So I played a lot more Ragnarok, of course, and I had a really nice game of World Cup
Soccer 94, which was a very, very good game, and I actually watched the entire play through
of Portal just because I watched it twice.
Did the cake ever come true?
No.
Sorry to hear it.
But I also, after the show, when I got home last week, because I had a three day weekend,
because I work for a bank.
Whatever.
I was really bored and had bad insomnia, so I completely redid my live journal, and I
now have a Portal theme with a big old lady companion cube on it.
I did watch the YouTube of the poor companion.
It was like a companion cube tribute on YouTube.
Yeah, that was...
People have the dumbest shit on YouTube.
You were laughing though.
I was.
It was funny.
That one part, though, where they played the...
You must now incinerate the cube or whatever.
Oh, yeah, didn't they?
Oh, yeah.
They played the one Imogen Heap song that they always play for every death scene ever
that I've ever seen.
That was great.
Yeah, so the video is like...
It's doing its thing, and it's showing...
It's like a tribute, and I was expecting Journey to come in or something, but then they have
to throw the cube in the incinerator, because that's what you do in one of the missions,
and then suddenly the definitive death song comes in.
No, it's not the companion cube.
And then they kept repeating it and speeding it up.
That was the best ever.
It's just like that.
Forget it, I tried.
iTunes just isn't friendly to do that.
It's just like that one SNL digital short that they have.
It is.
It's a total parody of that one short.
It was just the best thing ever.
But I was just...
Dear sister, thank you Tiger Claw in the chat room, chat.orangelester.com.
But I have...
And I'll try to find the walkthrough I was watching, but I was watching part seven of
the walkthrough, because that's my favorite one, because that's the one where the computer
goes starts going nuts and says, you must lay down in the party retrieval position.
Wow.
All right.
We got to move on.
We don't want to have a portal show tonight.
That was great.
All right.
Loki, how was your gaming week?
My gaming week was okay.
We played Earth Defense Force 2017 again.
We went back to that and actually did pretty well on the Inferno levels.
Hopefully going to try to finish that game eventually.
I tried a little bit of Mass Effect and there's a whole lot of talking in that game.
They really like to just use that.
They're like, man, we made a really cool conversation system.
Let's constantly use it.
It's like, my God, shut the hell up.
I want to go on a mission already.
You have the best game reviews, Loki.
Yeah.
So I play Mass Effect and it's a lot of talking.
It seriously is.
It's just like blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.
Oh my God.
You're here for some reason that's not good or something and there's something going on.
I wonder what it is.
To this point I'm like, I don't know who you are, nor do I care what's going on.
I just want to go fight something.
When I did go fight something, there were these stupid little flying things that shot
lasers at me.
My guys basically, I had one of my away team members, it must have been Sergeant I'm going
to die or something because fucker just ran up, started shooting at it and just stood
out in the middle of the open instead of taking cover like a smart person and died instantly.
Naturally there's feedback from the chat room here.
Odd One says, Dear God, an RPG where I have to talk to people?
What the hell?
No, but they go on and on and on and on and on.
I actually was skimming through it.
If I wanted to talk to everybody, I could do that as well and it's just, huh.
SSJ100Matt in chat.orangelshooter.com says, They spent a lot on voice actors, Loki.
They got to use them.
Oh yeah, true.
But no, they got me wrong.
Dr. Uno invokes Elvis and says, A little more conversation, or no, a little less conversation,
a little more action please.
Get it?
Get it?
I mean, but to be fair, I played this game during a lunch, only half of a lunch, so about
30 minutes.
But dude, it took me 25 minutes to actually see some action in this game.
That's pretty bad.
But hey, it's going to be pretty cool, so I'm looking forward to playing a little more
of the game when I stop playing other games, which one of those other games, of course,
would be Rock Band.
I don't want to sound like a fanboy for Rock Band because I bought Guitar Hero 2 a long
time ago and didn't play that much of it.
Rock Band, though, has actually got me excited about music games again.
It's worth playing.
I like it.
I think it's pretty fun.
That's a big fucking statement there.
I mean, I'm actually working my way through the game on starting on easy and kind of building
up from there, but it's pretty awesome.
The equipment that comes with it, the controllers and stuff, they look quality.
Let me put it this way.
I know they still are kind of like toys, but they look a lot less like toys than, say,
the Guitar Hero controllers, which look like fucking KB toy shit, because you put them
side by side and you're like, oh my god.
I was actually playing on that one time.
The drums are good, although I cannot play drums in the house anymore because my wife
has told me not to because it's too loud.
They are very loud, those drums.
It's fun.
I really like the drums in the game.
I have not touched the vocal part of the game yet, but the microphone that comes with it
is really nice.
I hear, though, you can use any USB microphone and it will work just fine.
Also, I hear the rumor about the Guitar Hero 3 controllers not working in the game is false.
They do work in the game.
I was going to say, that's what they were using for the demo unit at the Best Buy near
my house.
I had known I had seen them before somewhere.
But I like the guitars that came with the Rock Band game.
Those are nice guitars.
They are nice.
They are really nice.
The drums are pretty cool.
They get put together pretty fast.
I'm still having trouble coordinating both the drums and the kick drum, but I have that
problem with drum mania as well.
But compared to the drum mania home game, this thing, once again, looks less like a
toy.
Can I bring the box in here for the OP11 people?
Nothing is huge.
I want to show the people how epic it is.
Keep talking about your game week.
By the way, for those folks on OP11, after tonight's program, we're going to be back
going live.
We'll actually show you Rock Band and everything that's in it and play the game a little bit.
Loki is sworn up and down though.
He won't sing though.
We'll try our best.
One of the other things that's neat about the game is you can actually create your own
character in it.
I know that sounds stupid, but you actually want to play the game more so you unlock more
money so that you can buy more things for your character.
It's funny because I actually created a guy that's my guitarist because apparently you
can't use the same character for everything.
That box is fucking huge, I must say.
When I saw that, I'm like, holy crap, that thing is huge.
It's a good 20 pounds when it's full of all the equipment.
It's a big, big box, and it's not even full right now.
That makes sense though.
Yeah, I know.
The other bad thing about it, and I had to cut a hole in the side of that box because
right now I'm using up the carry stuff back and forth, is once you put the guitar together
because the little top part snaps on, it doesn't fit in the box anymore, so I had to cut a
hole in the box for the guitar.
You can create your own characters, I actually created an emo goth guy called Azrael for
my guitarist because that's what I was trying to do, but you couldn't fit Azrael the best
Prince of Sorrow in there, so I just had to stick with Azrael.
It's pretty cool though, he looks kind of neat now.
My main character, Loki, who's playing drums, has the Dr. Who jacket, which is kind of neat.
There's a lot of things though, like one of the guitars in the game is actually a chainsaw,
which is kind of neat, and then you can create probably a lot of characters that look like
Sephiroth or Vincent and stuff, because there's a lot of outfits that look like you could
make characters that look like other things.
I loved the way that the custom characters interface themselves so well into the flow
of the game.
They look like they're in pre-rendered movies.
In the game, their mouths are synced up with the lyrics and everything, their plane is
synced up with the song, so they're not just fake strumming of the guitar and stuff, it's
actually synced up with the song, and the drummer actually drums to the song, so it's
pretty realistic.
I like the film grainy design.
I think that's how they get away with it, because I think by using that grainy film
thing, they're not doing it as high of a resolution as you think.
I think that's their way of getting around it, but it works.
Hats off to them for finding a cheap trick that works.
But it is funny, they're watching this really emo-looking guy singing Timmy and the Lords
of the Underworld.
Freeze pop song, A++.
It's a pretty cool game.
They unlock the tracks pretty easy too, they have a bonus little venue that you play that
unlocks all the unlockable tracks, but in order to be able to play the songs in practice
mode or whatever, you have to play them through the game.
I don't know, it's pretty nice, but I really recommend picking it up if you can find it,
I just know they're going to be really hard to find.
But if you can't find the game with all the instruments, and you don't really care about
drums too much, you can always pick up a USB microphone and just use your normal Guitar
Hero guitar with the game only, and save yourself some money that way.
I'll tell you right now where to get Rock Band.
If you go there the morning of the 20th, Tuesday when it comes out, Kmart, no one shops Kmart.
They might not be getting that many though, see that's the thing, everyone's allocations
are cut, so go to Best Buy or something like that if you can.
Anything else for your gaming week?
My gaming week, not too incredibly exciting because I've been going back and forth between
Final Fantasy XI and World of Warcraft, I've been playing both.
I got my Corsair up to level 19 in Final Fantasy XI, and World of Warcraft, the 2.3 patch came
out, so I've just been trying to get used to all the changes with that, but I've got
to say they did a lot of really good subtle things that are great.
For instance, you know how there were fetch quests?
Go around and collect the weeds, or go around and find the empty boxes.
Sometimes you would have to wave your mouse around the screen until it turns that little
gear icon so you could find where the things are.
Now those items sparkle when you're on the quest, so it makes it a lot easier to see,
which is cool.
Little subtle things like that are neat.
When you're looking at the map and you get attacked, the screen flashes red, so you know
you're being beat up.
It's cool, good times.
The patch was very cool, and Final Fantasy XI, I'm just looking forward to the Wings
of the Goddess expansion because Dancer sounds awesome.
I never thought I'd say that, but Dancer, it's a battle healer.
How cool is that?
Dancers are battle healers.
Scholars seems kind of interesting too.
That's sort of how dancers are in Ragnarok.
Yes, and I think in the, well no, because in Tactics they were just female bards.
They were more buffers.
Oh yeah, they do more buffing, but they have like range healing and stuff like that.
That's exactly how they made them in Final Fantasy XI, is that they're kind of like buffers,
but with that range healing, but yet they can provoke the monster and they're like tanks.
It's crazy.
That's interesting.
Do they dance, fight?
They just shake their ass.
You can be a Galka dancer.
There's videos on YouTube of the Galka dances.
It's awesome.
You use your TP to do attacks, but the thing is, it's like the first job I can think of
where you don't have to have 100% TP to do the special attacks, there's scenes you can
do with like 30 TP or 60, and TP is the stuff you build up as you attack.
It's toilet paper.
Not that kind of TP, not for your bunk hole.
You throw your toilet paper at them.
But then they do little jigs.
It's cute.
I also forgot, if you don't mind.
I'm sure.
I did make the guild for Ragnarok.
I would like to congratulate Ranma as being our first member.
Congrats.
And the guild is just Orange Lounge Radio.
Very cool.
So look for the icon.
Check that out.
All right.
I'll have to show you the YouTube edge of the Galka dances later.
I have to see that.
Op 11 is slowing down our stream a little bit because we're doing too much bandwidth.
I can't handle it.
What else did I play?
Really quickly, I played that new word searching game on Xbox 360, just the demo.
I was a little disappointed that it's just basically an over-glorified word search game.
Just kind of seems like a casual game.
Something that Mom might like, I don't know.
Mutant Storm Empire, though, much improved over the first Mutant Storm.
I think I need to go back and buy that one.
I think the greatest change they made to it is that they made levels feel more like levels
where it's almost like Smash TV kind of where you're walking through from room to room,
and it doesn't have that really slow loading time transition between the different rooms.
Did you download the free Carcassone?
Carcassone?
Carcassone.
Carcassone is something you cook for dinner, I think.
Carcassone.
Carcassone.
Carcassone, I already had it.
I got ripped off.
I bought Carcassone like two months ago, not when it was first out, but about a month after
it was first out I bought Carcassone, so I was kind of pissed when I heard that it was
out for free.
But what can you do?
That kind of stuff happens.
That's pretty much it.
Pika Uno played Screwjumper and said it sucks balls.
Oh yeah, this week's releases kind of suck balls.
All I heard is that Pika Uno beat my Boom Boom Rocket score, so I know what game I got
to play this week.
And maybe, maybe I will use the guitar.
You know what we have to do, Rob, what we didn't do last week?
Metroid!
We haven't done the play for the past three months.
And I'm leaving on Thursday, so we'll have to do it like early this week.
Soon.
I don't work Thursday and Friday, thankfully, but you're like, oh, I'm going to leave.
I'm leaving midnight, like when it turns midnight.
So we'll have to do it on Tuesday.
Well, let's get into some housekeeping, speaking of Jamie leaving.
Jamie will be on vacation for the next two weeks from the show, so she's not going to
be here next week or the week after.
Cry.
How dare she.
But Rob!
What?
Fried chicken.
Maybe she'll bless us with her presence via the telephone.
Who knows?
Maybe.
We'll see.
You know, monkeys might, never mind.
I don't know if we'll have somebody else here or if it'll just be the Loki and Rob show.
I'm going to try to reach out to Rice Princess so we can have a female perspective of Jamie's
absence.
I'll have you know.
But I don't know if she can make it.
I'll have you know, Rob.
The Wee Zapper comes out next week.
Oh!
Oh, I have one.
Oh, how'd you do that already?
Freebies from the Game Crazy Manager thing.
How does that work?
What do we have that uses it?
But we have one!
We have a Wee Zapper.
All right.
But there's Link's crossbow training.
Oh yeah, I didn't care about that.
So yeah, the great Loki and Rob challenge with the Wee Zapper might go down in Jamie's
absence.
You should have Nellie come on the show.
Yeah, she doesn't want to.
Perhaps.
She's got to watch The Desperate Housewives.
A little briber.
What few episodes are left while the writer's guild's striking?
I told Dan to come on the show with me after I get back.
You should.
Have him do that.
Dan on the show is...
Comedy.
Yeah, it's hilarity.
Dan at John's Incredibly Shitty Pizza was pretty funny.
I think, didn't he coin the phrase John's Incredibly Shitty Pizza?
No, that was me.
That was you.
He had another term for it.
I don't remember what it was.
Incredibly Sucky Pizza.
Yeah, John's Incredible World of Suck or something.
Yeah.
All right, anyway.
Our poor friend who works there.
Also housekeeping, muy importante, big news, huge, did you hear?
It's like all over a lot of podcast sites that you probably listen to.
There is now an official Orange Lounge Radio gamer pic on Xbox Live Marketplace.
It was part of the Xbox Live 5 celebration because Xbox has turned five years old last
week and a shitload of free gamer pics went up, 15 of them all from the AllGames.com family.
We are one of those.
Big thanks to Afro Guy who kind of like, he made the icons for us initially, but unfortunately
when they resized they didn't look right.
So Loki kind of took them, took the idea and redid it and did it in this pixel art thing.
So it kind of gives it a cool little retro look to it.
So it's an OLR gamer pic.
Actually that's now our Guild emblem too.
And it's actually the emblem for the Guitar Hero 3 band too.
So check that out.
Good job, Loki, and good job Afro Guy for making the...
Although resizing it to 24 by 24 was a pain in the ass.
It was, yeah, resizing the picture was horrendous.
That's not the size, but...
Well, I mean, but that's the size I had to use for Ragnarok.
Oh, for Ragnarok.
Oh, I thought you meant the gamer pic.
No.
I was like, oh, oh.
All right.
So check that out.
Please go to the marketplace and look for Community Gamer Picks 2 and check that out.
Might I also add there is lots of other great podcasts in Community Gamer Picks 1 and hopefully
someday there'll be a Community Gamer Picks 3, but more you guys have to download them
and use them and then they go, oh, people like this stuff, so we should get more blogs
and more indie shows and that stuff in there, so very cool.
Also after tonight's show, I think I already mentioned this, on Operator 11, a special
live preview for Rock Band, and last week we did one for Mario Galaxy and the folks
in chat really seemed to like that and it was very well received.
So I'm hoping we can do more of these in the future in these live preview shows on Sundays
and other Op 11 specials.
All right.
That's all I can think of for housekeeping.
If no one else has anything, then we go to...
Actually, yeah, because I did get asked a question, just to let you know, my character
in Ragnarok that I've got the guild on, her name is Cecily, C-S-S-I-L-Y, if you look
for that character, if I'm on it, then you'll find me.
So if you want to be added to the guild, I got asked.
Also other questions from chat, Mac Man says, Sky, drunk show?
No, because I have to work the Monday after the four-day weekend, so not likely, but you
never know, stay tuned to the station, you never know when we'll go live randomly.
And let's see, what else do we have?
I thought there was another one I wanted to see.
Oh, Gerardo Mo says, can Loki sing in the preview?
I don't know.
I don't know, you're going to have to bribe him.
I don't know, Loki, what do you think?
Could you at least read us some news in a tingle outfit?
No.
All right, could you at least read us some news?
Yeah.
Anyways, so there was a big announcement about the fall update, or winter update, I guess,
now.
Actually, it kind of leaked out first that the Xbox originals are going to be made available
to download.
What those are basically going to be is just a selection of original Xbox games that you
can download straight to your hard drive and play.
So this is actually going to be happening, it has been confirmed, and let's see, each
one is going to be approximately $15, or 1200 Microsoft points, and will be made available
on December 4th as part of the fall update, of course.
The first batch of these games, I guess, and I'm not sure if they're all going to be available
day one, Halo, Psychonauts, Crimson Skies, and Fable.
So those are ones that have been confirmed.
There were some other third party ones that were also reported, which were Indigo Prophecy,
Crash Bandicoot, Wrath of the Cortex, and Burnout 3, which I thought was a pretty good
Burnout game.
Let's see here, also as part of the fall update, of course, that Parental Timer, and then who
knows what else they'll throw in there as well, but that's mainly the big thing.
Although if you're expecting some wonderful things from these Xbox originals, time to
kind of calm down a little bit, because they're really just downloadable Xbox games, that's
it.
I mean, they're emulated through the same software that emulates the current Xbox games
that you can just pop a disk in there, so all the bugs that were in those emulations
are going to be the same thing on these download titles.
So in other words, if you thought Microsoft was going to take the Virtual Console idea
and do it better, wrong.
Yeah, basically, they're going to have choppiness when the game's loading up.
Also if there's content like demos and stuff, selecting them might actually crash the game.
You know, stuff that's on these original Xbox games, so it's really just straight port and
they're just available to download.
No achievements, no nothing.
So that's it.
It's a little bit of a big deal.
But cool news for people that maybe missed it, because there's some people who didn't
buy an Xbox One who have an Xbox 360, you know what I mean?
So that might be good for them.
So I mean, if you're up to it, they will be made available.
Obviously this is an optional purchase.
You don't necessarily need to buy it, but I don't know.
Now our favorite webmaster in the whole wide world, VXJsonXV, brings up a good point and
says, but they're on the HD, which means they're fast.
HD-based gaming equals heart, heart, heart, heart, heart.
That's true, right?
If they're on the hard drive, they ought to at least load a little faster, right?
Possibly, but then again, they're being emulated, remember, and emulation can be slower sometimes.
I guess that's true, but they're being emulated anyway if you put a disk in there.
True, yeah.
So I guess versus a disk, it would be a little bit faster.
But still, I probably wouldn't buy these things if I still have the disk sitting around.
Exactly.
The other thing too is some of these games are pretty old.
You can probably find them really cheap if you really wanted to look for them.
Maybe this would be incentive, if they make money off this, maybe this would be incentive
for them to go back in the Xbox archive, because they haven't touched the backwards compatibility
in a long time and made some more games backwards compatible, like DDR, still not backwards
compatible, right?
Maybe this would be incentive for them to go dip in the library and make some old stuff
backwards compatible.
But I swear to God, if they make things like Silent Hill 2 and Silent... Was Silent Hill
3 on Xbox?
I think it was.
I only had 2 and 4, so I don't know.
No, I don't think it was, because I was playing it on PS2.
But my copies vanished probably when I moved, so I would download that shit in a heartbeat,
just to have the load times and stuff.
Some of that stuff is going to be cool, I think.
We'll see.
Anyhow, one other thing I wanted to mention during housekeeping that I totally forgot,
because we forgot to note it on our little notes thingy internally here, is that this
is great, what's been released from our community.
It's on the forums, and it's something called OL Revolution.
It's basically a step mania pack with all these songs that are based on inside jokes
from the show.
There's some completely horrid stuff in there, like five years ago when we would go on the
stream randomly and I would sing over DDR songs.
People recorded that shit somehow and have stepped it.
And some of those god-awful DMN remixes that he's taken, and I say that with love, that
he's taken bits and pieces of our show and put them over DDR songs, they're all in there
with steps.
And then things that are in-jokes to other shows on the station, just hilarious.
It's all in the forums, check it out, ask Dark Tetsuya, I think he spearheaded the whole
thing.
I just think that was very cool.
I think this has been, what, two years in the making?
It's been a long time in the making, but they even, somebody did the voices, it wasn't us,
but I think it was DMN, I don't know, or Travis, I can't tell, because they actually have somebody
in the opening going, Orange Lounge Revolution.
That's our Tetsuya.
Is it really?
Yeah, I think so.
Oh wow.
And they actually have little incidental musics that we use on our station, and some of the
shit I don't even know where they found, but they got it.
So props to them.
But I swear to god, if that shit gets out, that karaoke stuff gets out there too much,
I'm gonna have issues.
We're gonna have words, Dark Tetsuya, in the parking lot.
I'll kick your butt in.
Rock Band, which you were talking about a little earlier in the game, and lots and lots
of news coming out on Rock Band as the game gets closer and closer to release, including
information about the download packs, and Rock Band has decided they've gotta stick
it to Guitar Hero 3 by making the packs a little bit cheaper, instead of 500 points
for Guitar Hero 3 packs, 440 Microsoft points.
That equates to, do the math in your head, $5.49.
But you don't just have to buy songs in packs.
You can buy individual songs.
It could go anywhere from 80 Microsoft points to 240 Microsoft points.
That's 99 cents to just under three bucks.
Most of them, they say, will be $1.99, 159 Microsoft points.
159 Microsoft points?
I'm gonna have all these leftover stupid points somewhere.
Just do 160.
And I mean, they have so much stuff coming out just when the game comes out.
They have on November 20th, the Metallica pack, the Police pack, the Queens of the Stone
Age pack, and some individual tracks such as My Sharona and Cherry Bomb.
I would also like to point out that the week of November 27th, while Jamie is gone and
she can't play it, there's a David Bowie pack coming out.
Haha.
Who says I can't play it?
Are you gonna have Rock Band in Alabama?
Haha.
I really wanna get back.
Black Sabbath pack comes out on December 4th.
That is so getting downloaded.
And December 18th, look at this.
Some individual tracks.
First, you get a Pretender song, Brass in Pocket, Weezer, Buddy Holly, Just For You,
Dark Sakura, God Is Listening, My Iron Lung by Radiohead on December 18th.
Yee!
There you have it.
I loves me some Radiohead.
But see, it's kinda cool that they have stuff coming out each week.
That is very cool.
I hope it continues.
I hope it gets stuff on Christmas.
We'll see.
I don't know.
I don't wanna buy like some of these.
Fortunate Son actually sounded kinda cool.
I like the fact that they have some individual pricing to it as well.
That's very cool.
Cuz you got, yeah, not all this I'm gonna wanna buy.
Like, you know, but, yeah.
I'm very happy.
Well, for anyone who is looking for these on Guitar Hero 3, there is a free Boss Battle
download pack that's basically just the devil went down to Georgia and all the other three,
you know, the three Boss Battle songs.
So that's pretty cool.
But I think that the best part about it is that it's free.
I like free.
Free is good.
So you can play these outside of career mode.
Awesome.
Anyways, something not...
Wait, wait, wait.
Yeah, I ran out real quick but I wanted to comment on that.
I'm glad they did it for free cuz otherwise we all would have been screaming that it was
pay to unlock content because those songs were kind of already in the game.
But I think it's a nice little extra.
It's nothing huge.
But The Devil Went Down to Georgia is an awesome song so I'm really glad they made that available
to play whenever I want.
I like that cover.
Yes.
So, good jobs.
Okay, now, Loki, you can go.
Anyways, so UK retailer Tesco actually slipped up because on their online store they were
selling the Xbox 360 holiday bundle which is normally 340 pounds.
They were selling it for only 33 pounds.
Whoopsie.
And apparently it was long enough for a number of customers to order the system and although
Sky News is saying that once the payment is accepted, trading standards rules in the UK
state that the retailer must comply and deliver the product, however, they have said despite
the rules, Tesco site maintains that they do not have to conform to erroneously marked
prices unless they fail to notice before shipment.
So they may renege all of it.
That's gonna cause a stink.
But there was apparently some consumers, like one that ordered 39 consoles, although none
of them have been delivered yet, so good job.
They'd have to do at least a full refund on price.
Yeah, especially like, you know, you consider that guy probably thought he was doing a smart
thing.
Hopefully they won't try to like charge him for all those Xbox 360s or he's not gonna
be happy.
I don't think they can do that.
Probably not.
Probably not.
I want to point out in response to the last story, because there's a bit of a delay from
when we say it to one of the live listeners here, ActDeft says, free is good, except for
Yaris.
Good point.
Also
You do pay in time, don't you?
I have more rock band stuff, and this is not gonna be free, sadly, but this sounds like
really cool.
This came from an interview with the official Xbox magazine, and some more details have
surfaced from Harmonix about rock band, and apparently, okay, you're gonna be able to
take your band and export it to a webpage.
And from there, you can take band avatars, pose your band avatars, make album covers
with your band logo, make all these different scenes, and then you can turn that into real
world stuff.
You can make figurines based on these rock band characters, t-shirts that have the fake
album art on them, and then tour dates that are just basically the accomplishments from
the game.
Oh, I want fucking figures.
That would be awesome.
I think that's awesome.
That's a smart idiot.
It's like Spore.
It's like all that stuff you saw with Spore, like they were gonna let you do the printing
or whatever.
I think somebody saw that and thought that was a great idea.
And you know, I think some of it's probably gonna be kind of junky, like, you know, some
of the blogs have been saying, like, oh, this is basically gonna be, like, cafe e-press
quality.
True, but name me other games that do that.
There's not a lot.
Well, there is.
It's still kind of neat.
There is the Madden thing where you can buy a fucking ring for, like, $500.
That's true.
That's a little crazy.
I'm excited to see how this plays out, because obviously it's not up there yet, but it must
be coming soon, because the game is out on Tuesday.
I will say, though, there are some pretty interesting, there are some of the load screens
on there.
They will have fake album art and stuff like that, and fake little, like, portraits and
stuff with your characters that you design in it, like in different poses, which look
kind of neat.
I thought the trivia was interesting.
We played the Freeze Pop song, and it said something about Freeze Pop once got arrested
in Canada and ate lots of poutine.
And I was like, that's completely random.
I'm like, wow.
I'm like, do people outside of Canada even know what poutine is?
I don't think so.
We'll see.
Anyway.
I don't know what it is.
It's basically french fries and gravy.
That sounds really yummy.
I have Canadian friends online that, like, blog about it.
It's so good, apparently.
I don't know.
I know we've got Canadian listeners.
I kind of do that with my leftover chips from the British food store.
Alright.
I get it.
I put chip shop curry on it.
Why is it this show always turns into the food show?
Somebody asked me that.
Because we're hungry.
Did food and gaming go hand in hand like that?
Yes.
Alright.
Anyhow.
Well, for other stuff, Rob, for anyone who is familiar with Atlas USA, they are bringing
out Spectro Force 3 and Operation Darkness for Xbox 360, which is pretty cool.
Atlas gave us Trauma Center on Wii, so we are getting their new localizations.
And they made the cute little tactical game with the voice acting on PS2.
God damn it.
Why can't I think of it?
Really popular.
Just got a sequel recently.
Disgaea.
Thank you, Disgaea.
Disgaea.
Yeah.
And Persona.
They made that too.
They published it.
So we're getting more.
Oh, true.
True.
Yes.
They're publishing.
But yeah, we're getting more fun.
The difference.
My bad.
But I was going to say that Operation Darkness looked like crap, by the way.
It's like, I don't know, it looked dumb from what I remember when they were first showing
video of that.
Anywho, so Lionhead, you may remember them from the Fable series, well, they're looking
for some custom insults for Fable 2.
So they actually have a whole thing where you can submit your insults to them and apparently
if they like it, they will put it in the game.
So that's kind of neat.
I have one.
Your gameplay makes me want to go play a PlayStation 3.
Is that good?
No.
Some of the ones that they were saying, or that were on there already, Groin Crab, Loner
McLonelyton, and Big Girls Blouse, which I don't understand that.
What do you think would happen if I submitted, so they're names to call people?
You know, to be honest, all they need to do is monitor names and little catch phrases
that are in Animal Crossing, because I mean that's what people do anyway.
Oh, good point.
I was going to say like, as a joke, if you're supposed to submit things that are like name
calling or whatever, let's all submit Bobby Black Wolf as a name calling thing.
Funny.
Just kidding, Bobby, if you're listening, all right, moving on.
One thing that they don't want you putting your opinions in and don't want you asking
about anymore is Bioshock on the PlayStation 3.
Damn it, Sony fanboys, 2K Games has given you the smackdown.
It is not happening.
It's an official response on the 2K forums, and this is what the moderator had to say.
Quote, please don't tell me you made an account just for this question.
There will be no PlayStation 3 version of Bioshock.
It has been explained time and time again.
So if you were hoping to save some, what do they call them, little sisters on the PlayStation
3 version?
Not going to happen.
Sorry, kids.
Bioshock 2?
You never know.
I mean, you know there's got to be a Bioshock 2 at some point.
This game's getting amazing reviews, but Bioshock 2 on the PlayStation 3, well, if there's enough
PlayStation 3s out there, they'll probably do it.
So that's that.
No Bioshock for you PlayStation 3 kids.
But, but, but we like...
No.
Okay.
Well, they are now putting out something very interesting for PlayStation 3.
I think this is very interesting.
Trend Micro Incorporated is putting out antivirus software for the PlayStation 3.
I don't know if that's sort of interesting, but they're saying that the home systems now
are going to be vulnerable to spyware and viruses for being able to go on the internet.
Is that so my PlayStation 3 doesn't get herpes?
I thought...
I don't know if it's antivirus software, but I think Trend Micro is doing the parental
controls on the internet browser that they're going to add...
I think they've already added them with the last update, but it's basically just parental
controls, I think.
Yeah, it's to block the sites that are more notorious for providing the...
No porno for you, kiddies.
Well, they're saying that it's blocking malicious websites and also putting in the parental
lock-out.
I think that more parents should be locked out from their PlayStation 3.
I'm kidding.
Totally not serious.
Well, I used my PlayStation 3 the other day, unfortunately, to watch License to Wed.
What?
Sad.
Anyways, I got it for free.
So yeah, there was actually something pretty cool, and this is a little bit of a positive
spin on the PlayStation Eye now.
I think the Eye of Judgment is a piece of crap, however, the PlayStation Eye not so
bad because it's just a camera.
But they had a video that was posted on the official Sony blog that was showing off some
of their tech demos that they're making with the PlayStation Eye.
Why the fuck they haven't done this stuff yet?
Because it's actually pretty cool.
A guy made a little Lunar Lander kind of game just by drawing something on a piece of paper,
and the PlayStation Eye turned it into a game.
They also had another one that looked kind of like combat on the Atari 2600, but it was
done by scanning in tanks and stuff that you draw.
So I thought all that stuff was pretty cool, and that they should implement that, or at
least put it on their PlayStation Network.
Something to do with the PlayStation Eye.
I think it's good stuff.
Hopefully they'll have something later on, like in, say, Little Big Planet, where you
can draw things into the environment.
That would be pretty awesome.
You know, I think this is the problem with all these camera peripherals, peripherals
in general, they come out for like one or two games, and then they're not continued
to be supported, therefore the peripherals never sell.
You have to make a ton of games for the peripherals in order for them to finally sell.
Like for example here, the Xbox Vision camera.
That is a piece of useless crap, and I'm sad to have made that mistake twice now with both
the Eye toy and the vision camera.
And that's why I haven't bought a PlayStation Eye yet, because I don't want to buy another
useless camera.
Exactly, like how many things can you use that stupid vision cam for?
One to make your own icon on Xbox Live that only your friends can see.
Yay, Totem Ball!
That game was awesome!
I'm not going to count Totem Ball, because that's something against the Xbox Live camera.
And then there's Strip Uno.
That's it.
That's all the cam is good for.
And they also have strip checkers, strip chests.
And I guess you also have hardwood hearts or whatever, but who plays those games?
Hardwood hearts.
But seriously, did you play the Spyglass games or whatever it was called?
It was kind of crap.
It was kind of sloppy, I don't know.
Just because a game supports the fucking camera, which to be honest, I think all of the games
should support the damn camera.
I don't know.
Jason brings up a point, Texas Hold'em supports it now.
I forgot about that.
Oh, yay.
That is true.
I haven't played Texas Hold'em in a long time.
Which is too bad, because I think we were invited to a tournament, and that reminds
me, I need to reply to that email, because we're being stuck up by not replying.
My bad.
All right.
But we really suck at Hold'em.
Is anybody good at Hold'em?
I was okay.
Really?
You should play for us then.
Not that good.
Well, I'm okay at it.
We could all play.
We could all go to the same place and play together.
I have better things to play.
I played Hold'em once with Bobby for maybe 20 minutes, and that was it.
All right.
Anyhow, very cool news for the PlayStation 3.
Yes, that's right.
Very cool news for the PlayStation 3.
I'm completely serious here.
What?
Yeah, I know.
Divx is going to be partnering with Sony.
This is based on an announcement from Divx.
They're going to be integrating its video playback technology into the PlayStation 3.
If you update your development kits to 2.0, you can already utilize the Divx technology
for your games, and hopefully, if Divx gets enabled in a future PlayStation 3 firmware
upgrade, which at this point, who's to say why wouldn't it, then you can actually watch
all the porn that you download over the internet and all the pirated movies.
You'll be able to watch that over your local network.
That would be totally useful for someone who pirates.
Not too bad that I will not be using that.
Yes, not that you should be pirating.
That's wrong.
That's wrong.
R. And yeah, you should not be doing that.
R. Well, if it's on the internet, it must be okay to download, right?
I mean, they wouldn't put something illegal on the internet, would they?
No, of course not.
That's just completely...
Someone from OL Army Ninja in chat says, did OLR really just go two whole stories about
Sony and not bad talk them?
We said a long time ago, when Sony does something right, we will give them credit for it.
Hey, we're...
And then we'll make fun of them for everything else.
I'm equally offensive against all consoles.
For example, this week's live edition, fucking Shrek Enroll and Screwjumper, what the fuck
is that shit?
Shrek Enroll, first of all, Shrek should never be on the fucking Xbox Live Arcade ever, and
obviously this game sucks.
You know it was to make it more family friendly.
That was the point.
Well, I'll tell you what, I'll tell you what, was that really your response to that?
Yeah.
I'll tell you what, THQ needs to make better games then.
That's what needs to happen.
Stop fucking licensing shit and making crap, because that's what's going to happen when
you license shit and get crap.
I would also mean it's not crap.
How about it?
Orange Box, which is not crap.
It is not crap.
It's going to be on PS3 in December for our European fans.
Pretty cool.
You will see it on the 14th of December, to be specific.
It will not be 2008, like the rumors are said, you are going to see it this year.
Great.
And I believe it's on the 12th in the US as well.
But Portal, Portal...
That is no lie, unlike the cake.
Portal.
Yeah, are you saying just buy this game for Portal and the hell with everything else?
Just buy it for Portal, the hell with everything else.
Although, I did find a very interesting thing, because I was reading some of the forums about
it, because people are trying to piece in where Portal is supposed to fit in the Half-Life
story, which I thought was really cool speculation, because I love speculating about storylines
and things.
Well, hold on.
Are you telling me there's Portal fanfic?
No.
It actually does fanfic.
There is.
And there's weighted companion cube fan art.
Yeah.
As long as there's not weighted companion cube slash, then we're okay.
No.
No, but I was reading just how they were speculating how it fitted in, and someone was saying that
there's a way that you can import the Half-Life 2 maps into Portal, and you can use the Portal
gun in Half-Life 2.
I think it's the other way around.
You import...
No, it was saying specifically that they moved the maps to the Portal folder.
It was using some program or something.
I think it's the other way around, they imported the Portal gun into Half-Life 2, but yeah,
you can do that.
Anyways, I was going to say there is, if you notice in the game, actually there's a few
times where you can see through the window, and there's a little slide projector.
They're showing Aperture Science versus, I don't remember what the other corporation
is in Half-Life 2, so forgive me there, but a whole little thing about that, I guess they're
making competing technologies and stuff, and it's even in the song too.
They're talking about that whole thing.
Why are people in the chat saying Rule 34 and laughing?
Is that a Portal joke that I don't get?
I don't know.
I still haven't played it.
Maybe I'll download it on Steam this week.
We'll see.
I can't tear myself away from the MMOs long enough.
Forgive me.
This is Creed, it's quite interesting.
There's been reports coming out now that the PlayStation 3 version, let's see here, oh
I'm sorry that's your story, never mind, PlayStation Store updates, yes.
Lots of cool stuff for the PlayStation Store this week, including actually one that I was
kind of looking at, although I played something very similar to it, I want to say it was actually
on the PlayStation Network, Toy Home, it's a little car racing game, kind of like Micro
Machines or something like that, you can play that.
High Velocity Bowling, they have a trailer for that.
There is a demo now for Uncharted Drake's Fortune, so that's worth checking out, I actually
got some good reviews, and then of course trailers for Ratchet and Clank Future, and
Time Shift, and Time Crisis 4, oh and Battlefield, Bad Company, and Burnout Paradise.
Let's see here, then other than that, there's also a demo for Blazing Angels 2, okay I guess,
and then finally, un-game related videos, including The Dark Knight, which is just the
teaser trailer, and This Christmas, and Remember That Night.
The Dark Knight teaser trailer kind of sucks, I don't know if you've seen it, there's nothing
to it, that's the problem, I am so freaking ready for this movie, I can't wait to freaking
see it, it looks so awesome, but that trailer sucked, it didn't tell you anything, I had
some crappy voiceovers and a spinning card, whoopee doo, oh how would you download that?
There's also some Uncharted wallpapers, but no themes yet, so, hooray.
Anyhow, you might want to watch out for this though, or maybe you won't get to access that
PlayStation store, and that is the brand newly discovered White Screen of Death on the PlayStation
3, and the cause, Assassin's Creed, apparently some folks who are using firmware 2.0 are
getting the White Screen of Death while playing Assassin's Creed, this is coming up on posts
on the Ubisoft forums, and apparently there's a lot of folks that are posting about these
freezing issues and bug glitch issues, so there you have it, no real answer as to what
exactly causes this, it seems to be somewhat random, but they're saying it also has some
frame rate problems, screen tearing, geometry clipping, and lockups.
The game actually had a worse frame rate slightly than the Xbox 360 version, and there's also
some videos online of some pretty weird glitches in the game, like one where you fall through
the earth, there's another one where your character kind of clones himself, and so you're
controlling two copies of your character.
Now someone on my friends list played both, and actually said the PlayStation 3 is a little
better, so maybe if these issues don't come to haunt you, then you're fine, it doesn't
matter.
I was going to say also that the game ain't that good, that's another thing.
You didn't like it really?
No.
I've heard a lot of good things about it.
I've played a little bit of it.
I haven't played it yet, but a lot of people are really liking it.
What else was I going to say about that?
What is it you don't like about it?
It's boring.
Really?
It really is.
It's not as...
You're going to kill people.
Okay, well that's like any game.
So I don't know, I just didn't care for it.
I didn't see what the fuss was about.
Alright.
Well, there was a rumor circulating around that Capcom was thinking about putting a Resident
Evil 5 demo on the Blu-Ray for Resident Evil Extinction, and also another one saying that
Devil May Cry 4 would have a demo on there, but Capcom said, uh-uh, they're just putting
trailers up.
That would have been so cool, though.
I know.
I think there's a lot of people very excited about Resident Evil 5.
Capcom should do it.
The demo is a lie.
They should put a really crappy demo for something, just have a stick figure with a head.
They should put Doom on there.
Yet another bastardization of Mega Man.
No, they should do Resident Evil with Doom graphics, with all pixel.
I like this.
Odd1InChat says, God, I need that Resident Evil 5 demo.
Notice how it's not like, I want, I wish they would put it out there, he says, I need it.
I need it now.
I need Animal Crossing Wii, but I'm just going to have to wait a little longer.
Life sucks.
Wait.
Well, what is it, Dennis Leary says, life sucks, wear a helmet.
Life's going to suck when you grow up, when you grow up.
That's all I know.
Anyways, well, there's a few games, though, that you're not going to have to wait much
longer to play, and that's the stuff coming out this week.
So in the US, starting off here- Dear God Friday.
I know, oh my God, the release dates for Japan are here.
Everybody, give sympathy to our- Everybody, get a book, get a pillow, we're
going to have a long segment for release dates.
Everybody feel sorry for our retail workers this Friday.
No, that's not going to be a long segment, actually, there's not a lot coming out this
week.
Oh my God.
The Japanese ones is huge.
Anyways, I was just going to mention, I think this came out last week already, and I have
a kind of a last minute story about it later on.
Avatar, the Burning Earth, now the new record holder for the fastest way to get achievements
on Xbox 360.
Hooray.
So that's coming out now.
Baby Pals on the DS, yes, it's another fucking baby raising sim.
Wait, did you say baby raising?
Or baby racing?
Raising.
Dude, they should tell me baby racing.
Oh my God, a baby racing game?
That would be awesome.
A baby racing game would be hardcore, I'd buy that shit.
Developers, are you listening?
Baby racing.
More babies.
Babies versus kittens.
Who will win?
Anyways, Cabela's Monster Bass, it's a bass fishing game on the PlayStation 2.
College Hoops 2K8 is coming out on PlayStation 2, PlayStation 3, and 360 this week.
CSI Dark Motives, CSI game on the DS, apparently a venture game, kind of crappy.
The History Channel, Battle for the Pacific, another piece of shovelware on PlayStation
2, PlayStation 3.
Did you call that shovelware?
Yeah.
What does that mean?
It means it's crap.
Oh.
Anyways.
No, actually, it's on PlayStation 2 this week because the other games got delayed.
Imagine Fashion Designer on the PC, yes, you too can design crap.
Mario Party DS, that's going to be a good game, so pick that one up.
Medal of Honor Airborne for the PlayStation 3, I guess better late than never.
Monster Jam on the Wii, same there.
Let's see.
Genesis 4, which is including the GunCon, that's going to be coming out on the PlayStation
3, so it might be worth picking up if you like gun games.
Unreal Tournament 3, coming out on PC, so that should be pretty awesome.
No word on the PlayStation 3 version yet.
Let's see.
World of Warcraft, March of the Legion, the card game, I don't know if anyone's interested
in the World of Warcraft card game.
Let's see here, Soldier of Fortune Payback on the PlayStation 3 actually got delayed
to this week, which I thought was kind of interesting.
AMF Bowling Pin Busters on the Wii, I don't know if this is a good game or not, but it's
only 20 bucks, so if you like bowling and you're a little tired of Wii Sports bowling,
might want to check that out.
And then finally, Final Fantasy Online, they have the Vanadil Collection 2008 on PlayStation
2 and Xbox 360, which is going to include, of course, all the previous expansions, the
original game, and of course, the other thing that's coming out this week, the Final Fantasy
11 Online Wings of the Goddess expansion, which should make some people happy.
Yay!
Let's see then.
Oh, and that's also coming out on PC as well.
Then on the DS, John Deere Harvest in the Heartland.
It's a farming sim for real.
Take that, Harvest Moon.
Luxor Pharaoh's Challenge on PlayStation 2, that'll probably suck.
Ghost Squad on the Wii, which I highly recommend you pick up.
That's only $29.99, so definitely a great gun game for the Wii, and also uses the Wii
Zapper, which is also coming out this week.
Soul Calibur Legends, which I heard sucked, has come out on the Wii.
Rock Band, of course, probably the biggest game this week on PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360,
both the special edition and the game only.
And then Showtime Boxing on the Wii also sucked.
Star Trek Conquest on PlayStation 2 also sucked.
Strawberry Shortcake, the Four Seasons cake, probably also sucks.
Final Fantasy XII Revenant Wings, that game's pretty good on the DS.
Godzilla Unleashed also sucked, and I believe that is it.
And you said there's not a lot coming out this week, come on, that took like five minutes.
That's because I'm slow.
Coming out over on the Japanese shores, Final Fantasy XI Wings of the Goddess comes out
for Xbox 360 this week on November 22nd.
I think it has a different name in Japan, though.
We're calling it Wings of the Goddess over here, but I want to say it's called Altana's
Heroes or something like that over there, I can't remember.
Anyhow, Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix finally makes its way to the Xbox
360 as well this week in Japan.
Also coming out, Medal of Honor Airborne, also for the 360, and another 360 game, and
you didn't think there was anything for the 360 in Japan.
Winning XI 2008 makes its way to Japan.
Coming to the Wii this week in Japan, Dragon Blade comes out.
This is from D3, is publishing this, and yep, looks like another role-playing game.
It's an action game like God of War, it's a rip-off of God of War, but it's not even
close to being as good as God of War.
Interesting because from the box art and everything, it looks like your typical RPG, but there
you have it.
My own Sonic at the Olympics makes its way to Japan, also on the Wii this week, the 22nd.
Coming out on PlayStation 3, another version of Harry Potter, because of course those games
come out on every console.
Also Remi no Oishi Restaurant, which you know better on these shores as Ratatouille, that
movie Ratatouille, whatever, how do you say that, I don't even know.
PlayStation 2 gets a reduction in price on all of the Fatal Frame games this week, so
if you miss the Fatal Frame series, now's your chance.
Also coming out, another version of Wings of the Goddess for Final Fantasy XI hits the
PlayStation 2 as well, because they say in Japan most players are on the PS2, because
that's where the game came out first.
Also coming out on the PlayStation 2, Pre-Saga, Princess Osagasi, that's coming out from Able,
and it's an adventure game involving princesses, hooray!
Also coming out, Umisho, the limited edition, an adventure game coming out as well, I'm
trying to see if we have any, no, but it looks like it's based around the swimming team,
is this an anime I don't know about, probably, probably.
Also coming out on the DS, Dragon Quest IV, this isn't the new one, but this is a remake
of the old school Dragon Quest IV, so check that out on the DS, and yes, it looks like
it takes full advantage of the dual screen capabilities, for instance when you're battling
your party status shows on the top screen, and the monsters that you're fighting and
all the different commands show up on the bottom screen.
If you were hoping to import that one, I hope you read Japanese fluently, because there's
no Engrish in it.
Also coming out on the DS, Uno Ikusi, IQ Breeder is coming out, and it looks like something
between a dog sim and a brain training game, so that's great, take your two biggest DS
games, cram them together, and you have this game, lovely, maybe it's where you beat the
dog until it's smart, I somehow doubt that, aww, alright, there it is, your Japanese releases.
Puppies, okay, well there's a crap load of stuff coming out in the UK, on the 22nd we
have Final Fantasy XI, Wings of the Goddess, yay, Smarty Pants on Wii, 23rd Ace Combat
6, Fires of Liberation, which actually is not all that great, I will just tell you that
from experience, Beowulf, Blazing Angels, Secret Missions of World War II, Code Lyoko,
I guess, CSI Crime Scene Investigation, Hard Evidence, Dewey's Adventure, Ferrari Challenge
on Wii and DS, Guitar Hero 3, Legends of Rock on a bunch of stuff, Jackass the Game, Juice
2, Hot Import Nights, Kane and Lynch, Deadman, Lair, Mario and Sonic at the Olympic Games,
Mass Effect, Medal of Honor, Heroes 2, My Horse and Me, I just think that's a funny
name, oh, how can I forget Mass Effect, Boo Loki, Boo You, whatever, NBA 2K8, Need for
Speed Pro Street, NHL 2K8, Paint by DS, Supreme Commander, Forged Alliance, Siphon Filter,
Logan's Shadow, Time Crisis 4, Unreal Tournament 3, Warhammer 40K, Squad Command, I hate Warhammer.
Oh, we got some stories in there you'll like later.
Is that it?
Yeah.
Wow.
You just threw that mic down at the mere mention of Warhammer.
The fuck is Warhammer shit?
Okay, it's the case it goes.
Bad memories of Warhammer.
Do share.
I dated a guy who was a Warhammer player and all he did was play Warhammer.
Replace Warhammer with World of Warcraft and you have a lot of relationships in this day
and age.
He would spend hours painting his stupid little models and where the stupid little models
were kind of cool, I was like, dude, you are too obsessed with this shit.
I got too bored with painting the models so I just, you know.
The models suck, they're like a few millimeters tall, I was like, fuck, I can't paint this
shit.
My dog ended up eating a lot of them anyways, so, wow, but they were cool, yeah, for a while.
Anyways, one thing that's also cool, although it's a little late for it about now, is a
new Terminator game.
Yeah, Halcon is adapting Terminator for a brand new game, hopefully it's not based off
the new Terminator series, which I'm sure is going to blow, but I'm sure tons, I was
just going to say this Terminator thing comes just in time for the Sarah Connor Chronicles,
which I'm sure tons of people will be watching this winter on FOX during the writer's strike.
Yes, Sarah Connor Chronicles, it's like, yeah, it's going to be a Terminator movie without
the Terminator.
Oh, but there's a chick who's a Terminator also, and she's, it's like, seriously.
But the chick Terminator was in Firefly and therefore it does have a couple points of
win attached.
It's fucking emo shit, just like goddamn, was it Smallville or something like that,
where they just, oh, there's Terminators coming after me, it's like, seriously, they're just
going to keep coming after you until you die, so get used to it.
It also has the, you better not make my character gay kid from Heroes in it, who was then written
out of the show.
Remember that?
The management was like, found the scripts where he was supposed to be gay and then like,
no, you need to write that he's in love with the cheerleader, and then he was in the show.
Why don't the Terminators go back in time, like way back in time, to like the Civil War
era and kill like their great, great, great, great grandparents or something like that,
you know?
Pick a fight with something, fuck, they can't even kill someone back in like the 80s and
shit with their superior technology.
Lame.
Anyways, so yeah, they're developing a game, it's going to be a Terminator game, and no
word on what the hell it is, but it's not going to come out until mid-2009, it's also
I guess based on their upcoming film, Terminator Salvation, the future begins, lame!
But that's going to be coming out later.
I love this comment from Odd1 in our chat room, who's making a lot of win comments tonight,
good job.
Odd1 says, Terminator without the Terminator, great.
Next up, Star Wars without lightsabers, and Doctor Who based in South Central LA.
There you have it, Doctor Who-ed, Doctor Who-ed.
That's not funny.
Yes it is, you're smiling.
By the way, did you know I have to play Doctor Who this weekend at the show?
I need to go out and buy some Converse this weekend.
It kept going back and forth, I was going to be Professor X, not Doctor Who.
Go to Payless and get air walks, they're more comfortable.
We'll see.
Anyhow, I just think the Terminator comment's great.
I know why they announced that they're making a new Terminator game to build off the hype
of other announcements out there, but I mean, how can you get excited about a game that's
going to come out for two years about the Terminator, unless fucking Arnold Schwarzenegger
is going to be back into it, which he's not because he's in the fucking political game
now.
I don't know.
I just can't get all excited.
I mean, seriously, what good Terminator games have there been out there, excluding the Terminator
the Arcade game, which was Terminator 2 the Arcade game, which was okay as a gun game,
but really it wasn't that great.
Alright, well maybe the Terminator 4 game will make its way to GameTap in the near future,
because that's probably the only way I'll actually pay to play it.
GameTap, by the way, passed a huge milestone this week, one thousand games now available
on the service.
What was the one thousandth game?
A big one, one that I need to go play right now.
I need to stop the show right now and go play this game.
Civilization 4 was the one thousandth game, which is, you know, if you've listened to
this game for any length of time, you know I have a lot of love for the very first Civilization
game, and the others that have come out since then have kind of turned me off, and for that
I never touched Civ 4, but I need to go give it a try now, because I have been playing
GameTap.
I definitely want to go check that out.
The other ones are just too complicated.
I liked my Civ Simple, which Civ 1 was.
So anyhow, for the record, when the service started, there were only 300 games available
on it.
Now there are a thousand.
So on GameTap.com is the information on all the games that are on the service, plus this
interesting little, you know, picture.
You know those big pictures that are made up of little pictures?
They have one of those.
A mosaic?
Thank you, a mosaic.
The word escaped me.
They have that, but you can do a mouseover on all the little box arts and see what games
they are.
Yay, box art!
That's exactly what I said, yay box art.
All right, anyhow, we are winding down part A of our show tonight, but we can't finish
up until we have Dark Sakura's Classic Game of the Week.
Yes, it's a way to pay homage to our elders, and from what I understand, because Dark Sakura
is leaving us for a couple weeks, she had to really pick a doozy to leave us with.
So here it is, Dark Sakura's Classic Game of the Week.
For the Classic Game of the Week, I have picked my favorite ever game, which everybody knows
me knows what my favorite game is, I picked The Guardian Legend.
When?
The Guardian Legend.
I'll bring up some gameplay clips right now.
So The Guardian Legend is basically a game where you fly into, you know, the planet's
name is Naju, N-A-J-U, and it starts off as a shooter, and then it's like an adventure
RPG sort of thing.
And you talk to these little guys called Blue Landers, who look a lot like Lolo, and it's
basically as you're going through it, you know, you have to pick up your power-ups,
you actually, as your score goes up, you earn, you know, different other power-ups and more
chips, is how your life is, is how your power-ups are stored, and then you earn more life too
as you go through the game until you're like the super-powered badass.
And there were a couple of neat glitches in the game, one of them where if you had a barrier
up the middle, if you held diagonally, you could actually sort of walk through the barrier,
which was my favorite trick to use also.
You also had, well this is in the glitch, but you had TGL mode, where it had this insane
password system, it was just crazy.
And although one time I actually put in one randomly and it took me to the end of the
game, so that was kind of cool, but you put in TGL, all in caps, and you play through
the entire game as a shooter, it gives you your power-ups in between, but it's very challenging
to do that.
It's really a challenge.
And I'm glad you didn't use this one video file that I linked you to, because that person
could not play the first level for shit.
No.
I did my own searching around YouTube to find this clip, it's a little better.
So here's some overworld music, and then I'm going to switch to Jamie's favorite song in
the game.
Yeah.
I'll tell you a little bit of it.
The one cool thing about this is, for anyone who doesn't know too much about it, the original
game was actually on the MSX called Gardick, and this is actually the sequel to that Gardick
Gaiden, which was what it was called in Japan.
It's also put out by Compile that gave us a bunch of really, really cool games.
Actually another one of my favorite shooters was Robo-Eleste, which is, you know, they
just did a whole crap ton of shooters.
This is somebody shooting the gun repeatedly to open the corridor, because every corridor
had its own little trick to open it.
Let me actually switch, I'm going to switch to the music that Jamie says is her favorite
in the game, which is the music to Corridor Number 6.
Here's the overworld music after that.
Oh, it's the overworld music after this.
The overworld music, yeah.
Oh, this music's good, too.
I like this one, too, but the overworld music was my favorite.
Let me go ahead, I'll skip ahead a little bit in the video.
Not that one.
Oh, damn it.
It was right before that.
It was right before this?
I think it's right after here.
That's the destruction of Corridor 15.
Sadly, this game is not on a virtual console, I'm sad to say.
It needs to be.
This game is freaking great.
I love this game.
I mean, there's no...
This is the music I like.
Oh, I remember this one.
You know, I love this game.
There's no easy way to say it.
I don't know what it is about this game.
I think it's the fact that it's a little bit of everything, which for the ADD gamer like
me is wonderful, and I don't know what we have to do to get a sequel to this game that
doesn't suck.
I realize there might be licensing issues and who owns the works and such and such,
but my God, I beg you, if you're out there and you have the power to make a sequel to
this game happen, that doesn't suck.
It would technically be the third trilogy, then.
I guess that's true, because you do count Gartic, but Gartic, it's not nearly as memorable
as this game.
If you've seen Gartic, it's not that exciting.
This really took it to a whole new level.
Well, there is actually another glitch in the game, and I had actually remembered this
because I had a glitched copy, my very first one was.
If you got your score to 10 million points, the game would crash and you couldn't play
any more.
Oh.
So the later releases would only let you go up to a maximum score of 9,999,990, because
the points were all multiples of 10.
And for anyone who's a big fan of the compiled games, the Blue Landers, actually one of their
mascots, was also in the Sega Master System game called Glovellius.
Nice.
So there you go.
Yes, it was not made by Square, Chatroom, this is compiled, published by Broderbund
here in the US.
Yep.
So there you have it.
And because none of those companies exist anymore, that's why it's sadly unlikely we're
going to see this, but possibly this game could make its way to Virtual Console, only
based on the fact that Lode Runner was also a Broderbund game, and that did come out on
Virtual Console for TurboGrafx.
So you never know, nothing is impossible, I suppose.
But this is one of my, not only does Jamie love this game, I do too, I don't know how
Loki feels about it, but he better like it, or he's fired.
So there you go.
Classic game of the week, Guardian Legend.
Well done.
Alright, well with that, we are going to wrap up Part A of tonight's show, and we'll be
back in a little bit with Part B of Orange Lounge Radio, just in time for Thanksgiving
for those folks listening on the podcast.
Orange Lounge Radio is taped live on Sunday nights and is podcasted to the world twice
a week.
Stay tuned to our podcast feed for the conclusion of this week's Orange Lounge Radio.
