Orange Lounge Radio
We the hosts, Dark Sakura, Sky, and Loco.
Tonight, November 11th, 2007, Manhunt 2 disappears from Target.
New patch lets you play Boom Boom Rocket with your guitar.
And can your PlayStation 3 warranty be voided by dust?
Orange Lounge Radio
Hi everybody out there on the internet. Welcome to another week of Orange Lounge Radio.
We are that podcast on the internet dedicated to video games, video gaming, gaming culture, and the gamer lifestyle.
My name is Rob Roberts. Joining me as always, say hello to Dark Sakura.
Hi.
How are you doing, Dark Sakura?
I've been fed now. I'm feeling a lot better.
You're full of burrito from one of our local joints, Aldebare Toast.
I'm not really supposed to be eating that.
Is this horchata?
No, it's Diet Coke.
I love horchata.
I love horchata too, however, because this is pretty much the only other thing I've eaten today.
I figured a burrito wouldn't kill me.
Horchata's probably not very good for you because they taste like liquid churros.
Oh my god, they're so good though.
For anyone who doesn't know what an horchata is, it's a sweet rice drink.
It's delicious. It tastes like liquid churro.
It's got cinnamon in it. It's really delicious.
Good times.
But the only other thing I had today was a low-carb tortilla with peanut butter on it.
And I wasn't hungry after that. I was like, wow, I'm so not hungry.
It's because peanut butter is awesome.
And then I started getting hungry right before I had to leave the house.
And then I started getting sleepy too, so I had caffeine and food.
Here we go turning into the food cast again.
Why is it at the beginning of every episode of Orange on the Radio or like the food cast?
Because I always bring in my dinner and you have to comment on it.
I'm just jealous because I'm hungry.
I haven't really eaten.
So, I ate a little bit.
I have Belgian chocolate too.
I'm going to make you some spaghetti, Rob.
Do you have spaghetti?
A spaghetti.
All right.
Joining us as well, say hello to the one and only tech master, Loki.
Hello.
How are you doing, Loki?
Doing good.
Awesome.
What have you been playing over there on the PSP?
I was yelling at Loki just before the show to turn it down because I couldn't hear the regular stuff
because I was being distracted by the PSP.
What are you playing on the PSP, Loki?
Silent Hill Origins.
Nice.
Good times?
Is it fun?
Yeah, it's pretty good.
Awesome.
Well, I'm sure we will hear more about that during the How Is Your Gaming Week,
which is our first segment we always get into.
Unfortunately, no guests in the studio tonight.
It's just the three of us.
But that's okay because we always have our fourth guest.
No, we love the guests.
But many of them are having birthdays this week.
I'll get to that in just a little bit.
For now, I want to introduce the ever-present other guest on our program.
It's all of you in our chat room, chat.orangelandtrader.com,
for those of you guys that join us live when we tape on Sunday nights.
I understand there's some new folks in chat tonight.
Joel Nier said he or she was new when they joined, so welcome, newbie.
And I'm not sure if we have any other newbies, but welcome to all the newbies in chat.
We like new people.
All right, let's start off with How Is Your Gaming Week.
Oh, wait.
Oh, Dark Cyber's mouth is full of burrito and is unable to.
I don't talk with my mouth full.
That's good.
I'm glad you have manners.
Like, a certain coworker of mine does.
Oh, my God.
Okay, that's getting to eff yous.
This week, I was playing Cooking Mama.
I'm playing Eating Mama.
Anyway, my gaming week, I actually did something other than Ragnarok.
I look like I had to play a shitload of Ragnarok, but still.
I got a level from zero, of course being Uber Noob, to, I think, 82 in three days.
Nerd.
It doesn't matter.
So, anyway, I also played slash watched.
I played a little watched a lot of Portal.
Finally, and I've seen the ending, it's fucked up, and I love it.
So, Dan's going to rent it for me from his store, because the good thing about being
a manager at GameCrazy is that he can get me free rentals at Hollywood Video.
So, he's just going to bring me home Portal one day.
And he said he was going to laugh at me when I got really motion sick.
I was like, uh-uh, I'm going to stop every two levels.
Take a little breather.
Of course, it's like such a quick game.
It's like, wow, this is three hours of quick.
Well, you know that is good gaming ethics, is that you're actually supposed to, if you
actually read an instruction manual, it says like you're supposed to take a break of 10
to 15 minutes for every like two hours of gameplay.
That's not really ethics.
That's self-care.
How many folks really do, you're right, it's not really ethics.
I don't know where I pulled that word from.
Ethics is not unplugging somebody else's controller.
Exactly.
When they're kicking your ass at Street Fighter.
Which I've done, but I'm not an ethical gamer.
Anyway.
But I want one of those shirts that they're plugging in the chat room.
Yeah, Tiger Claw is plugging a cake is a lie t-shirt.
But they don't have girly shirts.
They don't have them girl cut.
Oh, that sucks.
Yeah.
Wear a boy's shirt.
Girls can get away with that.
It looks weird, though, if you've got big boobs.
Because you either have to get one that's really way too tight and uncomfortable.
So if you have big boobs, then your shirt says, the cake is a lie.
Otherwise, you have to get one that's too big and looks all dumpy.
But my friend, though, has the best t-shirt ever.
I have to share this with everybody.
She has a shirt with two 20-sided die on.
It's set to 20.
And says, yes, they're natural.
Nice.
I went to see my friend Becky yesterday.
This is where I watched a whole bunch of Portal as we went over to a party that had cheesecake.
So I was going around all day saying the cheesecake was a lie.
So that I wouldn't eat any.
I'm surprised no one's had a Portal party yet.
What they need to do is record the little music that's playing on the radio in there.
I know.
And just blast it on little radios.
A Portal party, yay.
And you could actually probably easily make one of the...
That's what I'm going to do for my next cosplay.
Don't you think that cosplay for Portal characters and stuff is going to be really popular, though?
I think it's...
I'm just going to carry one of those little...
Team Fortress 2, I think, is going to be popular.
I'm just going to carry one of those eyeball things around.
Or a weighted companion cube.
Everybody, you're invited to our Portal party.
Dress up like your favorite character.
It'll be fun.
What?
All two of them?
Or three?
And the only time you actually see your character is you happen to be looking through another Portal.
Which is kind of...
Oh my God, though.
There's one part I got so nauseous.
It's like this...
I'm trying to remember exactly...
Oh, I want one.
That's so cute.
A little plushy companion cube?
I want one, totally.
But anyway, it's this one part...
And I don't remember exactly the puzzle, but you're trying to build up enough speed to jump across from one of the slanted platforms on top to the other side.
And so you have to jump, jump, jump, jump, jump, and then shoot the other Portal and go through it so that you got enough momentum.
And I got so freaking sick.
I had to leave my room, but that was about it.
You should try to get the achievement for the 30,000 foot drop or whatever.
That'll make you sick.
You have to drop for six minutes.
This was on a laptop, so the resolution was so high that it really, really bugged me.
But it was very good.
So anything else for your gaming week?
I played World Cup Soccer in 1994.
Pinball?
Goal!
Good times.
Loki, how was your gaming week?
My gaming week was pretty full, actually.
Okay, so I did play Portal as well.
I finished it as well.
I also finished all the advanced levels, so that was fun.
I like the little ball you get in one of those, too, that you have to carry it around.
It's a level where you have the companion cube, but when you're playing advanced, it's like a little ball that bounces.
So it rolls around and stuff.
Not real fun.
I do have to add that I love the automated weapons.
Oh, yeah.
What'd they say?
Yeah, they're cute.
Sorry.
Should I have a trash can that does that?
That'd be cool.
Anyways, ooh, they should make an automated one like that that shoots those soft pellet things.
Yeah.
That would be great.
Or Nerf.
Yeah.
Okay, anyways, let's see.
Other things I played, Super Mario Galaxy, just flat out the best game for the Wii.
I mean, that's it.
It's the best Mario game I've played.
It feels very, very, very much like Mario 64.
The control's awesome.
Looks awesome.
You gotta buy it if you own a Wii.
And if you don't own a Wii, you gotta buy a Wii so you can buy the game.
Then I played, what else did I play here?
Coruscant's Pro.
I played lots of that.
Silent Hill Origins, just started that a little bit.
Looks very, very good on a PSP.
Very surprised.
The smoke and fog looks amazing.
But it's gonna be a great game.
A lot of the reviews have said people like this out of the entire series.
Probably the best game.
Another game I played that a lot of people are dying to get their hands on is Assassin's Creed.
And that one's a pretty unique game.
When you first start it, you're gonna understand why it's a little different than a lot of people had thought.
A lot of weird sci-fi stuff in it, that's for sure.
But it looks awesome.
It controls very easy.
It's gonna be a great game.
But the game I've been playing most this week, especially on the Wii, not Super Mario Galaxy, actually.
Ghost Squad on the Wii.
Probably the weirdest, dumbest shooter ever, but you gotta buy it.
It's gonna be like 30 bucks, comes out in a couple weeks.
I've been playing the Japanese version, which is all in English anyways.
But it is fun.
We've beat the game like three times today.
And as you beat the game, you get experience points and you unlock new weapons that make the game harder.
What exactly do you do in this game?
It's just like time crisis.
It's just, you know, shooting stuff.
And it's just so cheesy and stupid, though.
But as you finish the game, you also unlock different levels.
Or the levels get harder and they have different things that they add in there.
Works very well with the Wii Remote.
Great gun game.
Highly recommend it.
It's a good game to spend like, you know, 50 bucks on Resident Evil.
Ghost Squad, definitely a good one to pick up.
It also does support the Wii Zapper, although I don't have a Wii Zapper.
And as far as I can tell, it only uses the remotes.
So I don't know why the hell you would use a Wii Zapper with this anyways.
But you can, I guess.
And then the last game I played, which is really crappy, is a game called Counter Force on the Wii.
You might not have heard of it, and that's probably a good thing.
It's people compared to, I guess, Star Fox, but it's no way near Star Fox.
It is just a pile of shit, and you shouldn't play it.
And I feel sorry for all the customers I sold that to.
Is it Shit Force?
It's just, it's crap.
Crap Force.
Why is it crap?
Shovelware, I guess.
Why is it crap? I'm trying to get people to elaborate.
Why is it crap? The graphics are very simple, very stupid.
It doesn't control very well.
It looks like it's thrown together really quick, almost like in Flash.
It's just, I mean, a perfect example.
There's a, in the very beginning one, you know how you pull up the title in a disc menu or whatever?
It says Counter Force, and it has, you know, the company that made it.
Well, there's this period out in the middle of nowhere because they didn't format it, right?
And so the period's kind of moved over to the next line or something.
It's just, it's really cheap looking, and it is a cheap game, so.
I don't know.
From the makers of such wonderful games as Ninja Bread Man,
Anubis 2, and Billy the Wizard, Rocket Boomstick Racing,
no, we are not ripping off of Harry Potter, even though we are.
Yeah.
That's a pretty impressive lineup, I don't know.
I just played it because I knew it was going to be crap,
and it's even crappier than I thought it was, so.
Odd1InChat, at chat.onechonserator.com, says,
Dumb shooters FTW, so agrees with your assessment of Ghost Squad.
Okay, let me put it this way.
Ghost Squad, as you play it, you unlock more stuff, like I said, weapons and stuff,
but later on, I'm not even sure where in the game,
but later on, you get it so ridiculous where all the enemies are bikini-clad chicks.
You're shooting a dolphin squirt gun at them instead of an actual gun.
You can stealth kill somebody instead with a knife, with a banana,
and they're pursuing you in swan-shaped paddle boats instead of jet skis.
I mean, that's hilarious.
Suddenly, the chatroom is turned to talk about Ninja Bread Man.
We have Gerardimo in chat says, Ninja Bread Man FTW.
Odd1 says, I got to love those guys just for the name Ninja Bread Man,
and ActDeaf descents and says, Ninja Bread Man looks crappy.
I totally need one.
There you have it.
Anything else you played this week?
Actually, I did play one thing, but I don't really have much of an impression for it.
Forever Blue, it's an underwater scuba diving sim for the Wii.
It looks pretty.
I guess it's sort of like Pokemon Snap.
Unfortunately, the version I played was all in Japanese,
and I'm trying to get my hands on an English copy so I can actually understand what's going on.
But you can play your own MP3s on it, like Excite Truck, so that's kind of cool.
Except the MP3s I had in my cart at the time were from Excite Truck,
so it didn't really fit the underwater Enya that they have normal playing in the game.
Instead, I have some rock and roll stuff, like paranoia something.
I don't know.
It was fine.
Nice.
Let's see, so my gaming week then, if you're all finished.
I'm done.
Let's see, what did I play this week?
I played a little bit of World of Warcraft.
I also kind of got sucked back into Final Fantasy XI a little bit.
I've been leveling...
Hi.
Hi, Jamie.
Is there anything you want to say to that?
Hi, Rob.
No, I already gave you health for it the other day.
I've been leveling Corsair in Final Fantasy XI, and Corsairs are awesome.
Actually, I've decided that if I'm going to like Final Fantasy XI again,
I am going to not play by the rules,
because one thing that totally pissed me off about Final Fantasy XI is that people were like,
well, if you're a Paladin, you have to sub Warrior, because you have to have Voke,
and if you're a White Mage, you really have to sub Black Mage, or maybe Summoner.
There's all these freaking unsaid rules.
You have to have this equipment.
You have to.
F that noise.
I am going to play this game how I want.
Therefore, I am going to be a Corsair Bard, because I like to buff people,
and both those classes are all about buffing people.
Corsairs are awesome because they're based around gambling,
and Bards are awesome because they sing.
Basically, my character is a tacky Las Vegas nightclub act,
because I gamble and I sing.
It's awesome.
If I played that again, I would totally play a White Mage Monk.
Good times.
See, we should just have a party of people playing whatever the hell they want.
But that makes sense, though, a White Mage and a Monk.
Let's see.
Dark Tetsuya says Rob likes to buff people.
Very funny jerk.
What are you laughing at?
Oh, what?
You have an aim chatter with a comment?
I couldn't read it.
What's it say?
Rob likes to buff people.
Buff people.
Shut up.
Shut up.
Let's see.
So I've been playing a lot of that.
I actually took Corsair from level 10 to level 17 in just a matter of days,
so that should tell you about how much I was playing.
I also was playing on the Nintendo Wii a little bit,
because I was looking for the Check Me Out channel.
It wasn't there yet, but I did download Super Mario Bros. 3,
and I was playing a little bit of that, because that is a classic game.
But I'll tell you what.
When you play Super Mario Bros. 3,
if you're playing on a widescreen TV and you have it scrunched in,
you can see a lot of the graphical glitches that you didn't see back in the day on your regular TV,
because the sides of the screen were cut off by your TV.
You know how the old TVs have that rounded-ish screen,
so you didn't really see the sides?
There's hella graphical glitches in Super Mario Bros. 3.
I never really realized.
I remember there being some, but it's all right.
It's still a fantabulous game, so it's great.
I need to buy Simon's Quest as well.
I think you should bring Super Mario Bros. 3 on...
Well, I know they already have it on Game Boy Advance and stuff,
but do a new version on the DS,
and have it randomly glitch out every now and then,
and you have to blow into your DS microphone to clean the cartridge out.
That would be great.
That would be the authentic Super Mario Bros. experience.
Jolnir in chat is asking,
What about the new dancer job of Final Fantasy XI?
I am excited for the new jobs.
I think scholar and dancer look good.
I hope there's a third one.
I would love to see Geomancer or something,
but I hear it's not going to happen.
It's only going to be the two.
My buddy Shane, who you've probably heard on the show,
I don't know. There's only the two.
They're going to say it's only the two jobs.
Well, dancer and what's the other one?
Scholar is the other one.
What the fuck's scholar?
Scholar was kind of obscure.
I think scholar was in Final Fantasy.
I'm smart.
Well, that's not going to help you in fighting enemies.
Scholar is a combination of white mage and black mage,
but they're not a red mage.
They use what's called, I think it's called grimoire or something.
They use this to basically strengthen the white magic
and weaken the black magic if you use a white scholar or a white grimoire
or there's the black one that will strengthen the black magic
and weaken the white magic, and they have their own unique spells.
So there's support for the support?
Sort of. The rumor is they get the reflect spell.
They're going to have reflect, which is a spell that's missing from the game.
So then they're going to basically be like the...
For lack of a better description, like the ones that reflect the enemy.
well look here's what it really is is that the scholar artifact armor which is
like the endgame honor
armor is a school outfit so now you can actually be a Japanese schoolgirl in the
game so that's
that look let's just let's just go to the reality of yay job
Japanese schoolgirls everywhere so I'm guessing that we're gonna see lots of
I'll
damn I've been out of Final Fantasy way too long serious mythra's
too many mythra scholars in schoolgirl outfits
be wonderful anyhow and then they could be
asking for honestly I am looking more forward to galka dancers
mythra scholar I'm dancers
then that way they can be you know strippers right
enough about a Final Fantasy love it I would say
I'm what else I played on xbox I've been playing guitar here we had people over
here last night because
the night started at John's incredible pizza which is this chain
I think mostly only exists in central California like Fresno I think is where
it started
but now it's up here in Roseville they have one our shows based out of
Sacramento Roseville being a suburb
I sometimes forget we have people all around the listen so anyway
we're at this John's incredible pizza which is basically like a Dave and Busters for kids
they have a big pizza buffet
and like then they have this game room they actually have rides in the joint
eat this place used to be a Sam's Club and they totally converted into this
ginormous pizza place
but they have video games and we started the night playing I was playing DDR
Supernova
and my boyfriend William is so hilarious because while I was playing
this like lady in her probably her mid-thirties came up and she was
watching me play she's like wow
I wanna get this game for my kids and William is like totally selling the lady
on this game he's like
yeah like you see what he's doing is when the arrows go to the top of the
screen he steps on it's just so funny Konami should be paying his so good at
selling stuff too
he is he just will make you believe anything
you should have a cult he totally could like sell
like games or anything like William could have his own cult yes
he's great I one of these days I will let him come on the show and so that
would be fantastic he's hilarious
so he was very funny at dinner by the way he's the best he's the best anyway
yeah they're all in central California I need to I need to stop gushing so much
anyway
I here's the other thing about John's Incredible Pizza that I thought was
hilarious is that it pretty much outside of DDR in some random shooter games
it was all ticket games like you know gambling for kids basically right
but my god ticket games have come a long way since I was a kid
like I remember when I was a kid it was all about whack-a-mole like if the
Chuck E. Cheese had whack-a-mole that was the shit right
and like you play that with your hands and stuff not just a big mallet but your friends
would play too
now they have deal or no deal but with tickets
and you actually play this game and like the banker offers you like 50 tickets
to buy out your case or whatever because basically the show but with tickets I
couldn't believe it I was like floored
but then this place had rides in it like it had a roller coaster inside which I
thought was crazy
kind of a fun little place I'm sure they'll do well. Gerardo says deal or no
deal is too expensive to play
Act F says yay gambling is good for you
GS68 says jump in jackpot dude this place had not one
but two jump in jackpot machines and for those in New York City that went when I
was there we had the OLR meetup
I got further in jumping jackpot than I ever have before I don't know if the machine
was set to an easier difficulty
but I got all the way to like the O in jackpot and then I lost I was so
pissed
anyhow jump in jackpot is that jump rope game
with the random eurobeat music that sounds like flame in finger
I've never seen it but I love flame in finger. We are going to this place
but on a weeknight because I was pissed because the place is out of beer mugs
how do you run out of beer mugs
well go after my pay day we will and then I'm gonna buy that t-shirt
awesome the cake is a lie shirt yes good times
so what was I gonna say oh yes so since they were out of beer mugs the idea was to come
back to my place and drink so everybody came over those of us that went out
there's about seven of us that went out
and we came back here we played guitar hero and everybody was learning how to
play William played for the first time and some other people I just met were
playing for the first time we were all having a good time
so guitar hero great party game even though I only have one guitar
but I've been playing through that I finally got some achievements for getting all the five
stars on medium
and now I'm finally working on hard and expert songs and it's hard
you know I could come over one day and bring one of my controllers
you should we should rock out do some co-op be fun
I want rock bands so much and I do want to say this
that Dragonforce song is the fucking shit I'd love that song
seriously but here's the thing I noticed about Dragonforce like I was like so
like
into that song even though playing it sucks like I was so into that song
I went and looked them up on iTunes and seriously all of their songs sound
exactly the same yeah
my friend has about a CD of them they're awesome wait I'm gonna
hold on I'm gonna look them up on the store real quick
and play some of this for you guys I don't know how well it's gonna run
though because we have the webcam going so it's kinda slow
that's pretty much all I want to say about my gaming week
anything anybody else want to add anything on their gaming weeks before we
move on
um no okay okay here's
here's the here's the song from Guitar Hero let me see if this will actually play
it might be too slow and I was trying to sync with my ipod
too
rock
this should be a DDR song doesn't that sound like doesn't that sound like a
song from hell for Guitar Hero okay here is some of their other music
here's a song called operation ground and pound
it's loading give it a moment apparently
pretty much sounds exactly the same right also would be a hellacious song
Guitar Hero
I totally want to drive to this
this is gonna be my custom soundtrack to burn out um okay one more for you guys
revolution death squad
here we go oh god
they really do sound the same
you can make ringtones out of them that's great
I hear though that the drummer is actually drumming that
you know oh god that's so crazy cry for eternity hold on one more
one more this band is awesome
that's cool
well there's a drummer doesn't have to have any talent
I mean wait can you imagine what these concerts must be like
like people die it'd be like a it'd be like a um death clock uh
concert dragon force is like one of my new favorite bands seriously
you hear however I will tell you why Guitar Hero 3 pisses me off as well as
rock band you know why these games piss me off lack of journey you know what I
think that you know what band really needs to be in Guitar Hero
it's freaking dream theater just find something by dream theater
they're great and it's like some of the best
guitar in the universe and they're not in Guitar Hero
um azhp says most relaxing game ever plus dragon force equals win
that is the perfect music for you put that in your little like
ocean exploring game
it should be like a katamari game for real um carizzle says I would be all
over a dragon force downloadable content pack for Guitar Hero 3
I refuse to pay the high prices but I would just have to if they came out with
the dragon force pack I bought the foo fighters one what can I
say I like riders what we need to do is we need to do a video segment
crappy games that are made better through dragon force
I love this idea I love this idea I fully support that thought crappy games
made better with the music of dragon force this is a brilliant idea
patent pending nobody better copy that shit because we're going to put it out
there on the internet love it what would be what would be a crappy
game we can make better with with music from dragon force
barbie island princess
actually I don't think that has custom soundtracks is not a 360 but like well
it doesn't matter what game because like you can turn the eva pinata party
animals yes because it has racing fusion frenzy
fusion fusion frenzy too oh you know I think that the last really
awful game because you know usually I wait to play a game until I'm sure I'm
really gonna like it I remember renting a game though one time
from blockbuster that was so bad we went back and asked for our money back
and they gave it to us it was one of those uh wrestling games back in the day
ww a thunder I was just I would have liked to have
dragon force would have made that game better remember that game um uh
vib ribbon where you could use your own music put your own music in there let's
do that rob yes seriously I have the ribbon we
should do that but remember you remember what happened
where we put in like a slow song and it was freaking hard
do we think we do you think we get dragon force on the show
i'm gonna email them why not why not well it doesn't hurt find their who
their public layers if they talk i would have left fast
okay chat room chat room what we should try to do and uh you know we were
supposed to play super metroid back in the day i want dragon force to
do the new theme for our show we should ask that'd be rad but rob what
we should um we should bring over vib ribbon
and are you okay don't die and put it on op 11
the awesomeness with dragon force all right sorry yes i was overcome by the
awesomeness dragon force all right let's actually get into some
housekeeping real quick so we can get into some gaming news tonight because
we've been praising dragon force for far too long
uh first off speaking guitar hero if you're playing guitar hero
join the guitar hero ol army there's more information in our live journal
community on our myspace um also on the forums um the guitar hero
ol army is still in the top 100 i'm proud to say
so um thank you everybody who's joined and made it a success
richie maniac is now at the top of our boards by the way and he has like over
2500 groupies so he probably is playing dragon force
over and over again to get that highest score so
props to you my friend i also have some yes um
for anyone who's playing on the same server that i am um for uh
ryan rock online i'm playing on deliverance online um i'm making our
guild tonight awesome and so the character to look for
is sessily so but don't find me because i
don't really want to but you're gonna be how can they get to
your ragnarok server if they want to join the ragnarok just look for
deliverance online um if you do a search for it it's going to be the first thing
that comes up on google swell so but that's the my primary
character that i will be making available for
the ol army you will post that in the forums too right eventually
good someday soon speaking of guitar hero did anybody see this week south
park no i don't watch tv it was a parody of
guitar hero and it was kind of funny like it wasn't lol funny but it was you
know haha uh it was like a parody of rock
superstardom but with guitar hero but i'll tell you what the funniest part
was the very end when stan and kyle are finally reunited
and they uh are gonna break a million points in guitar hero jamie you'll get a
kick out of this
they did it oh my sweet jesus you have played guitar hero enough to
reach 1 million points congratulations that's it
now you think i would be offended or something but seriously that shit's
hilarious like i was on the ground laughing
but the funniest part was my roommate walked in and he hadn't seen any of the
episode he just saw like the very end and when he saw that his and he's
watched me play guitar hero like tons throughout the day his jaw was just
like on the ground like i can't believe they just said that
but it was funny i totally want an icon of their expressions in that picture
you are fags that was awesome
anyhow let's get into tonight's oh wait really quickly one more housekeeping
thing i'm so horrible this week marks the fifth
anniversary of xbox live can you believe it november 15th is the day that
xbox live turns five which made me think this week one we're
older than xbox live because we're five and a half years old
but still we were here from the beginning rock on
for xbox live turning five this week and they're doing like all these types of
contests and who knows what other kind of crap
is going to be up on xbox like cool you know uh retrospective stuff and
maybe some new trailers and icons and backgrounds and
i'm sure they're going to celebrate over there
the reason why i say that is that xbox live is very good with the community
you know like out of probably the big three nintendo sony microsoft microsoft
is very good with the community and i think therefore
the community should support them for you know
um reaching out and caring about the independent scene
so hurrah to you guys at xbox speaking of xbox let's get into tonight's gaming
news loki kick it off yes so um the fall updates coming
just might not be for fall um it's actually going to be hitting
um on well sometime in december and uh one thing that will be coming with it of
course is the xbox 360 family timer of course that is going to be something
that your parents will be able to use to limit the time that kiddies get to play
um you can limit it down to like two hours
and then after those two hours up they have to play or wait 24 hours before they
can play um their xbox 360 again i think that's an
awesome idea that they're able to limit stuff like
that um playtime uh no word though what else
will be coming um on that update as well but of course
usually with those dashboard updates there's a bit more stuff on there
uh hopefully some more video playback stuff so we can play some divx maybe
xvid that would be nice good times high more high def stuff over the uh
inner or over not the internet but the local network be awesome
then i can watch my dragon force music videos be awesome they have music videos
on itunes there's some for sale and they're just as epic as you'd think
just go to youtube there you go uh last week if you're listening to last
week's show um we were kind of joking uh probably more than we needed to about
kmart remember our kmart and one thing that
came up what we're talking about is that one of the good things that kmart is
there for is that they tend to break street dates and that was totally proven
this week i would like to see did we call it or
did we call it on last week's show sure enough kmart has been spotted with
copies of mass effect uh kmart sold a copy of mass
effect it looks like in uh cropped in maryland is where they
are still going to be in trouble tomorrow
busted they're gonna get the smackdown on that and i believe that was sold
friday or yesterday uh that's 10 days before the official release date of the
game and of course the guy bought it and
promptly put a picture of it up on the internet with the receipt so you knew he
wasn't full of crap so uh everybody's saying run and check
kmart and see if this is there because you never know
i mean he's not the only one too there's another guy too off of the
cheap ass games forum i believe that um got one as well
so so there you have it if you uh want to get your games early kmart's the
place to go i forgot to check the local one but i'm sure
um a lot of the local kids already beat me to it yeah no thanks i don't want to
go to kmart i know it's i can wait no i can go there if i need
socks i do want to say though loki was showing
off the a lesbian scene that was hot it's very artistic that was
it was i like how you could respond like very artistically done let's do it again
let's do it again let's go again that was it let's party
let's party anyway um there is a list of the download
content available for rock band um
i think this is actually a pretty pretty good list
um we've got on here um there's a police pack with rocks and synchronicity too
can't stand losing you there's a queens of stone age pack a metallica pack
that's unannounced black sabbath uh david bowie
and i like that's got queen bitch in it uh there's a punk pack that has ever
fallen in love um by the buzzcocks i fought the law by
the clash and rockaway beach by the ramones it's like
classic there um then there's some uh single songs which is fortunate son by
credence clearwater revival um jukebox hero by foreigner my
charona cherry bomb i like the runaways cherry
bomb i actually have that album because it was joan jett and lita ford
and all that was great so actually that's funny
oh i was gonna say there's one that's on there uh buddy holly by weezer
i'm actually looking for the buy in that i was actually gonna say
there's one song in that as much as i love weezer but there's one song in
there that completely just makes me go haha my iron lung by radio
head i love radio head that's pretty awesome
i love radio head you know creep is in the actual game as well
i know but i love radio head but i would like to point out there is still a
distinct lack of journey in this list hey give it time give it
time i want my fucking don't stop believing damn it
maybe they're the ones maybe it's journeys fault of this stuff isn't it
maybe they're like little bitches that don't have their fucking music to be in
this game now fuck this we remember the journey
game it sucked we're just not gonna put our music in anything radio head
radio head is cool i'll take that radio head well you know i was still on the
fence about rock band and i'm like uh i don't want to spend the 170 on the
game but then i was watching some trailers online last night and
keep in mind i was kind of drunk like we drank a lot last night and we were
having the people over here to guitar hero and we were just all in here
watching the rock band footage going oh we need to get this game it looks so
high i'm definitely getting there i think i'm gonna have to get it my wife
is gonna buy it for me for christmas oh we've already decided to get it
well it looks like we're gonna have our own little band and hopefully i'll have
it early awesome uh odd one says
yes my iron lung is my fave song of the bends that is so spectacular
that is such a good although i have to say overall my my all-time
favorite radio head song is high and dry i know i was gonna say i want high and
dry don't leave me but that wouldn't be so
rock bandy yeah you know what i mean my iron lung is
probably one of the perfect ones to have in that and mac man in our chat room is
urging me to hold on to that feelings guy
i will i will i'm gonna write journeys fan club or something and
and make you know somebody who knows the band that's right
i keep forgetting we know we have a friend who we have a friend journey he
bought he gave me guitar picks from that this to happen if you're listening said
friend i need to have some words with journey
can we make that happen anyhow you get them on the show for real
we should just have a completely night dedicated to the greatest like even
though our show's about video games the hell with it we'll put it aside for a
night and talk to all the great you know guitar
bands we've always wanted to have your special just get random people on just
ask them about games you think these people don't play games i'm sure dragon
force plays a shitload of video games as does
you know journey and all these other bands what else are they going to do on
the road other than heroin anyways um
so as i mentioned last week with rock band of course
there's going to be quite a shortage with rock band this holiday season
and that also will probably be the case with guitar hero 3 in fact
uh during activisions quarterly earnings call
uh company ceo robert cotic said that there's probably there's a
probability that this holiday we won't be able to supply all the demand for
every platform while a probability isn't quite on
par with of course the you know comment from
ea saying that there's really not going to be a lot out there
um there's a pretty good chance it's going to be hard to find
and from the other side that i you know of course
my work side i can definitely say that there's one hell of a shortage on
guitar hero already so don't be surprised there's a part of me that
can't help but wonder if this is a little bit intentional you know what i
mean like isn't it just a coincidence that rock band is going to be in short
supply and i'll tell you why short supply i'll
tell you why they're like that and it's only in short supply um in one
one way because the bundles that come with the new guitars
are in short supply it's because these new designs for the guitars and stuff
don't get finalized until it's too late same reason with rock band that's why
the bundle for rock band is hard to find or going to
be hard to find because they didn't finalize the design until it's too late
same with um guitar hero 3 one thing that they're doing to kind of to help
alleviate this if you don't give a shit about having a wireless guitar
they will sell specialized bundles for retailers that
come with the explorer guitar from guitar hero 2
those are going to be readily available but it's just getting the game with that
new guitar is going to be hard to find so if you don't care about having a new
guitar i mean because to be honest it's wireless
big deal you know the wired one works just fine
but you know if that's the case then get the game by itself by guitar later
but that that's the thing that's why it's because of these new instruments
and i bet you anything if they change the design of the guitar for guitar hero
4 we're going to be talking about this all over again so that's why
well thank you for that report well uh if you have guitar hero 3 there's
already some downloadable content available for it like i mentioned
earlier i downloaded the foo fighters pack for the game
uh that is up and running when the foo fighters pack has the pretender
all my life and the classic this is a call it was like the very first single i
think although you know what it was sadly
missing was a ever long but i think that song was in guitar hero 2 so i think
that's why b big me that's that song was awesome it
had the mentos in the video remember that back when mtv
played videos velvet revolver also has a pack of their
own i didn't buy it yet because i'm not as familiar with velvet revolver but
maybe i i hear they actually put trailers on xbox live of these packs
so you could hear the songs beforehand which is great i think it was a great
way to kind of answer that demand of we want to hear this shit before we buy it
so props to microsoft for getting around that um but velvet revolver if you uh do
want to buy that if you're a fan of the band
because i do believe velvet revolver is the band that's made up of it wasn't
that stone temple pilots plus uh the guy from sound garden
i do believe that chris cornell chris cornell has
or my had a difference in my group band sorry i haven't been following my rock
bands very well no maybe i'm gonna get yelled at by chat i think it was i think
chris cornell had a different band but i think it was somebody else that was in
sound garden i want to say all right well if you get
velvet revolver it's uh she builds quick machines
slither and messages are the bands that you will or the songs you will get in
the velvet revolver pack the um packs are 500 microsoft points
which you will remember was a bit controversial because that's how much
they charge for the old packs but now when you consider these games
haven't been in the game before and they are actually downloadable songs
you're not you're not unlocking shit that's already on the disc
velvet revolver is members of guns and roses oh shit
and uh scott wayland who the oh okay i had i had it the other way around or
something what the hell am i thinking of they had
the guy from sound garden chris cornell audio slave that was damn it
because i was like yeah he has a different band although
anyway sorry my bad
look i listen to pop music all right it's gonna mention one thing real quick
unless it's dragon force or journey since the story didn't make it into the
um show role sure it was too late uh the we
guitar hero 3 it only outputs in mono go
monophonic sound go nintendo ouch actually it's probably
activation yay mono
well
well there is something for anyone who is uh looking forward to playing guitar
hero 3 on the pc is the 360s wireless um les paul controller will work
on the pc it's not officially supported but it will work you just need the xbox
360 wireless gaming receiver um however um the pc version is
not uh it actually already comes out with a guitar
with the gibson explorer um but i guess if you want to do two player
here you go well that makes sense i mean considering
that you know they're just controllers and i could see
why they wouldn't of course add the um wireless gaming
receiver with it you know might as well do the wired version
so well the other thing though um i i actually um when we were at best
buy i think it was we actually saw a two guitar pack
for um guitar hero 3 yeah and i think that it would be pointless for them to
not release the same kind of pack for pc as well
i mean really there's so many like usb guitars out there now with you know
guitar hero just find one that you want and then buy it
well the explorer controller was kind of ugly
plus they figure you know that you you're buying all these games your
friends probably own some of the games you're gonna play two player if your
friend you come over have them bring their own guitar
i would like for you to spend more vyog
i'm sorry the les paul is a lot more hot um well
this is kind of going back a couple months but uh people might remember that
there were some issues with the wide screen in um
the xbox 360 version of bioshock well 2k is going to be fixing these
problems very soon with the next update that's going to be coming out so
all you people can stop bitching about it although i think a lot of people have
stopped bitching about it and moved on to other games like halo 3 and
games are possibly coming out next week so
i don't know but bioshock is still a great game oh yeah it's an awesome game
yeah highly recommend playing through it at
least once the only reason people will probably be opting for halo 3 instead is
because the multiplayer that's the one thing bioshock unfortunately was missing
it needed it could have used some multiplayer that would have been pretty
cool bioshock 2 you have to have something for
bioshock 2 right yeah well speaking of halo 3 which a lot of
people are turning to you might remember a few weeks ago we
talked about actually it's probably about a couple months ago at this point
we talked about the guy who uh sent the marriage proposal in viva pinata
and i'm sure we've had i think there was the story of the marriage proposal in
world of warcraft well now we have a story tonight about
a halo 3 marriage proposal yes it was somebody using the forge uh
the map editor inside halo 3 to lay down guns and swords
in the shape of the words marry me question mark
very cute what was the answer i'm assuming it was yes but we don't know
all we really know is the screenshot the answer was boom headshot
yes she said yes and then promptly shot him in the head and then
proceeded to hump his corpse the end which might be like the honeymoon who
knows uh anyway la la la la la la la la la
the xbox user was movie sign and he was proposing to his longtime girlfriend
for it furtive penguin
i love xbox live names i don't know why it came up the other night but somebody
was suggesting i changed my xbox live tag to sergeant sausage and i actually
kind of like that name that's cool you should totally do that
if it's getting taken yeah if nobody the news for the next step though is they
need to do a custom game no time limit and then have the actual
wedding procession in game there you go hey you can get
married in ragnarok so if you're a real halo 3 fan that's
what you're going to do right i guess i i don't know you know if
you're a real halo 3 fan you're gonna play halo 3 i guess i know you're not
you're not going to go out and do anything else just gonna play halo all
day well speaking of which there is some
download content that uh bungee has uh given us some information on
well not us directly but they've just given it you know they give it up
anyway um there are some uh maps that are going to be coming to the xbox live
marketplace uh one of them is the ok corral
which um is described as an asymmetrical medium-sized map so
it's got so you can fight at high noon at the ork corral
i guess so a little silly in your armor whatever
and then there's a one called a purple rain spelled r-e-i-g-n
and joe drallbank and then vandalay which is a simple map
so anyway anyway you know what um when you say that map is
called purple rain you know what that makes me think of
yeah i think that was not a good movie no matter what anyone says
prince is still awesome even if he's gone like crazy in the past five years
now he's like suing his fans but how wait wait wait wait what he's
like suing these websites that use pictures
of him it's like his fan websites but they use pictures of him
and like tattoos of of him and his symbols and stuff
because he owns them but they're like fan sites why would you bite the hand
that feeds you because you're crazy yeah because he's
crazy but still he wrote purple rain and come on tell me
you do not want to play halo with this as a custom soundtrack
everybody purple rain no do not want
i actually do like that failed uh let's see well what you might be able
to be doing um pretty soon is chocolate rain
h master osha says i guess better than chocolate rain have you heard the song
i don't want to hear that yeah i've heard chocolate rain i actually saw the
live performance of chocolate rain yeah i don't care there's a guy at my
work that he was telling everybody about it and he started singing it in his
cubicle and i thought it was the most hilarious freaking thing i'd ever heard
and then that's how i heard about it act deaf says vampire rain
no okay anyways the rain no what one game that has something that rains from
the sky that's pretty cool which would be fire
is boom boom rocket and yes they're adding a bunch of support for dance pads
and guitars so you can actually play the game with
those as well um other things that they're going to be
fixing as well adding some japanese and korean language support
uh tweaking the scoring system a little bit to focus only on accuracy
and i guess there's a huge loud noise which
popped up occasionally on endurance that they've fixed
um some other fun things they uh have another problem with display
updates when viewing through a vga cable
um they've added some stuff the friends leaderboard now shows extra information
such as grade and accuracy etc um multiplayer endurance mode
fix for players color swapping sporadically
and slightly bigger and better explosions
you gotta love an update that adds bigger explosions
oh tell me it's gonna have a chorus in here
all i can find was a bad karaoke version of this song
ah i was trying to do blame it on the rain this this sucks
i ruined the show i'm sorry they didn't have the original milli vanilli version
though on itunes go figure why wouldn't they sell that
that's a classic i'm i see how they have a karaoke version i know they have a
karaoke version which sucks obviously because nobody knew what the hell i was
trying to play joke i don't know what you're doing
you live radio oh my god marissa's in the chat room
hi marissa ah i'm so happy let's move on when was the last time
she was on the show most people was on the show a long time
ago need to come back tell us some more of
your stories marissa come back on the show okay and
then do the russian lady uh bra story uh
loki have you tried boom boom rocket with a guitar yet nope i might i just
might have to try that that sounds like fun
i saw the youtube edge though of the developers playing it pretty funny
good times ddr might be interesting but i can only play that game if it was like
actually set up like ddr how about ddr and the guitar at the same time
omg name uh if you have not yet checked out two
worlds because the very mixed reviews on it well there's now a demo available on
the xbox live marketplace so you can check that out it's a demo of
two worlds of course this is a game that's supposed to kind of
cater to the fans of oblivion but it's supposed to be you know bigger better
and better and it has multiplayer well their problem was saying it's the most
ultimate like best rpg ever you know that that was a
problem they shouldn't have marketed as the best
game ever but unfortunately the game had some flaws but fear not
uh south peak has said that they are currently making a patch
and supposed to be out very soon for two worlds and it's going to address more
than 50 different bugs and other issues in the game so
awesome i'm glad that you released the game with 50 plus bugs in it
way to go south peak shit what is wrong with these people
oh look we found 50 bugs later on you know i could understand if we found
two bugs or something like that but 50 come on that's just lazy
good times not buggy enough we don't want it oh but don't worry
the i'm sure the playstation 3 version will be coming out soon
oh talk about bugs there well anyway how about something that's a little bit more
cool for uh people with the ipod who want ipod
games harmonix is giving us phase which is um pretty much a very low
graphical given it's a ipod um version sort of of uh i guess it
plays sort of like guitar hero is supposed to but it's
tutor frequency yeah it's this they all are like the same freaking
sort of game essentially in terms of their gameplay
um but it's you your songs will interface with
the stuff so i'm probably going to download it yeah that's cool because
you can use your own songs with it on my iphone it's kind of fun can you play the
games on your iphone i'm sure i can cool i thought you would need the wheel
though to play but i guess yeah because you have the touch screen
it might still work you i think you do need the wheel for that oh
then crap give me some iphone games people
i can play it on mine i haven't well i still have an ipod and dark tetsuya
says you could play a dragon force on it heck yeah actually yeah the the phase
kind of looks like frequency and amplitude and all that stuff but it has
some zigzag stuff like it looks like you can drag back and forth
which i imagine you know using the dial um you could do
but that kind of came out of nowhere didn't it nobody knew this game was
coming but kind of interesting because nobody's
ever really taking ipod gaming that seriously because most of them have just
been ports of like cell phone games but this is kind of a big step i think
between this and some of the other recent releases they have been on the
i like the stepped up music quiz games like 99 cents and some of the other
stuff that's really taken off ipod might be a uh legitimate gaming platform
we need i'm sorry i'm sorry what'd you just say
ipod legitimate game platform we need we need iphone games
official ones i do agree that they do need is not official
true i don't want to brick my phone i mean because if you paid a couple
hundred dollars for a fucking phone you better have something that plays games
on it seriously but i do have the youtube
channel and the youtube channel makes everything better
give me a youtube channel and we that'd be cool anyways
um so something that's kind of sad i guess for some people in the media
would be that uh the npd group is going to be withholding their hardware sales
numbers stuff from the media and so they won't know exactly what
consoles are selling and stuff like that so sad oh wait
that won't affect me at all so are you going to continue to report the numbers
to us here on the show like yeah i will awesome so yeah so sad
but no not that it really matters anyways because it's fucking console
sale numbers i mean they'll have some stupid press release
that each company will release you because you know sony nintendo and
microsoft are not going to shut up about it and obviously they're going to you
know release what their console sold so it's
not like you know you're so left out about it but
i'll be happy to report them all right well some numbers that maybe we can be
reporting on soon are these new games that are
coming out from around the world we're going to start tonight with japanese
release dates and then jamie will take care of the
european dates and loki will handle the domestic dates here in the us let's
start with the japanese dates for the we biohazard umbrella chronicles of course
biohazard is resident evil over over here that will be out this week
november 15th in japan also there is that bundle that's coming
with the gun with it so that'd be cool a heavenly sword makes its way to the
japanese stores november 15th as well also coming out in japan
soku kihei voltoms is coming out for the playstation 2
hey that's cool looks like another mech warrior guys uh actually that's fairly
old school volume is uh i believe it has something
to do with the um gundam universe yeah yeah well it's coming from bandai so
that would that would make sense big surprise
yeah uh coming out also on the playstation 2 is a game called
um hayatakami 2 is coming out this looks like a survival horror-ish game to me it
looks very silent hill from the uh cover but this isn't something i don't
think we have over over here so there you have it also coming out on
the ds dungeon explorer uh by hudson is coming
out of a new version of dungeon explorer on the ds
also on the ds this week on november 15th i'm sure a lot of you are looking
forward to and dark soccer may just have to import this cooking mama 2
yes coming out from taito on the ds this week
um also coming out on the ds in japan again
a peanuts game remember the peanuts is still very
kind of big there's like been a sort of trendy thing lately
and the games don't stop coming snoopy toisho no
need ds i go lesson it looks like some type of training game for the ds using
the snoopy characters yeah it looks like some type of like
training it's snoopy and it's together english lesson
oh fun yeah uh also coming out uh will this be the last game for japan on
november 15th another version of dungeon explorer
but on the psp and i got to say the box arts are very different so i'm wondering
if the games aren't uh pretty different as well two
completely different versions of uh dungeon explorer there you have it
japanese release dates uh uk release dates on the 13th we have
ever crack 2 rise of karnac or sorry kunark why'd i say karnac kunark
anyway wasn't karnac johnnie's character no that's um i'm thinking um
i forget it yeah egypt anyway um 15th orcs and elves yay on ds
16th uh alan hansen sports challenge on we
aqua team hunger force zombie ninja pro-am
that's the best name ever and it would be great if it wasn't aqua team hunger
force it sucks assassin's creed on xbox
360 and ps3 avatar the burning earth which i want
is i like avatar but i need to watch more of it beowulf on the 16th
uh black site area 51 crisis with a y on pc uh dragon blade
wrath of fire on we empire earth 3 fear files and fear perseus
mandate um half-life 2 episode 2 on playstation
3 international cricket captain 3
jackass the game kengo zero lego star wars the complete saga on ds and we
which is really cool because i love lego star wars
um life science hospital affairs on ds nba 2k8 portal on ps3
surprised that those are being all released separately
they apparently are a pro evolution soccer
2008 but on the ps3 oh never mind yeah rayman raving rabbits
2 on ds and we seen it lights camera action on
xbox 360 sim city societies on pc super mario galaxy on we team fortress
2 playstation 3 the orange box playstation 3
warriors of the lost empire i'm guessing those are probably just all in the
orange box and they probably just listen to separate as well
well i think no i think that they actually are getting separate sales and
then you get them bundled as the orange box
that's weird i don't know why they would do that
the only game in that whole pack i care about is portal
anyways uh the us has way too many damn releases that's for sure
um let's see starting off with the big stuff super mario
galaxy on the we you are mr gay yes you are mr gay mario in space uh
assassins creed on xbox 360 and playstation 3
uh crisis on pc black site area 51 on xbox 360 and pc
need for speed pro street on pc xbox 360 playstation 3 playstation 2 the we and
the ds uh wwe smackdown versus raw 2008
on playstation 2 playstation 3 360 the we
psp in the ds kain lynch deadman on pc xbox 360 and playstation 3
dragon ball z budokai tenkaichi 3 on playstation 2
sim city societies on pc that actually looks kind of fun i was a
sim city fan back in the day uh resident evil the umbrella chronicles
on the we soldier of fortune payback on xbox 360
and pc i believe the ps3 version is also coming out unless i
got delayed uh we and psp we got medal of honor heroes 2
uh rayman's raving rabbits on the we in the ds
and alien versus predator requiem on psp
and then some other smaller stuff here uh boogie
on playstation 2 is finally coming out uh in case you missed that crappy game
the first time on the we um are you smarter than the fifth
grader on the ds awesome anyways um
let's see here then on um we cars meter national uh let's see
what else here warhammer 4000 uh squad command
on the psp and see foster is home for imaginary friends imagination
invaders on the ds uh baby pals on the ds uh bale wolf the
game that's going to be coming out on playstation
3 and the xbox 360 is angelina jolie getting naked in the game as well
uh yes i'm getting that game sweet remember the movie is pg-13 the game is
m so the nice thing about like angelina jolie
is that like she seriously transcends all sexualities you know not only
straight men find her hot gay men find her hot straight women
find her hot lesbians fine i mean every who doesn't
find me somebody that does not find angelina jolie hot chat room if you say
she's not hot you're lying i already know this uh king of fighters 11 coming
out this week on playstation 2 for only 1999 i thought it was actually
1499 but i could be wrong um oh you're solid portable ops plus
that one's also 1999 um psp next life on pc um let's see here
oh baywolf was also coming out on pc cooking mama to dinner with friends on
ds this week so you don't have to worry about importing it oh swell
uh jenga on ds whoo jenga on ds that's such a wonderful idea
not um anyways mac man says she's not unhot
not unhot god anyways apparently the weighted companion cube has a facebook
profile just letting you know monster jam on playstation 2 xbox 360
and ds uh this week in case you're into some monster truck
racing then of course the pet sim games are out
this week pets 2 or pets cats 2 on playstation 2
the we and the ds pets horses 2 on
playstation 2 the we and the ds um pets hamster's life 2 on the ds and the game
boys and pets dogs 2 on um playstation 2
the we ended you know i'm sure all our listeners out there have pre-orders on
pets hamsters too i'm so glad we took time out in the show to do that
game is awesome don't be mocking it smarty pants on the we
another um quiz game by ea uh let's see here there's too much
shit oh puzzle quest on the playstation 2 odd one wants to
know can i make the hamsters eat their young
that's all that matters uh somehow i don't think so
but that orange on twitter.com that would be awesome if you could
um let's see here and then i think i think that's maybe
about it mac man would like to say about the are
you smarter than a fifth grader game on the ds
if you buy that game you aren't smarter than a fifth grader
you know you're just a consumer horror that's all pretty much
you know escapist says hey i have my pre-order on baby pals thank goodness
loki reminded me of it dancing with the stars on playstation
2 including a dance pad i hear the we version is not bad
actually i will be having that for next week i want that game
and uh imagine fashion designer on pc in case you know imagine babies
imagine babies that would be funny um
sonic rivals 2 on psp christ i thought you were done
hey i thought i was done too but hey this is the biggest week of the year okay
game release wise so i'm sorry but that's just the way it is
and america's army 2 true soldiers on the xbox 360
um whatever you know impossible mission on the ds we'll end it
right there all right oh impossible sure impossible
mission seriously impossible mission dude that kid was the shit to be honest i
don't think it's coming out on the ds lies it is coming out soon though on the
we and ds well one thing that will not be coming
to your local target is manhunt 2 you might remember last week we were talking
about the uh rumors about the ban going on for target 2 because of the uh
hack remember we talked about that last week well a
official word has been put out from target about the official ban yes it is
true target will not be carrying manhunt 2
quote target strives to provide merchandise that will appeal to a wide
variety of guests we also want guests to be comfortable
with the purchasing decisions they make at target
all video games and computer software sold at target currently carry ratings
by the esrb from early childhood through mature
audiences while manhunt 2 was given a mature rating by the esrb
we received additional information that players can potentially view
previously filtered content by altering the game code as a result we've decided
not to carry the game because i'm sure the millions of people
that shop at target know how to do this to hack their psp to
unlock all the content i don't know about you guys i think
it's a little silly but i guess it's their choice people get
at other places apparently target doesn't like money
i guess not although then again how many people i mean is manhunt 2 really going
to be that big a big seller it's it's more
it's one of those games that's kind of all talk you know what i mean it is all
talk well still this and this news about a
manhunt 2 makes me very angry i don't know about you guys but i get very
angsty when i hear about this kind of censorship
and that means we need to do the fus of the week
so
jamie do you have any fus you'd like to share with us f you to mr annoying
my coworker sorry to hear it when i go to work i do not want to hear the word of
god
i don't want to hear oh my productivity sucks then so you get up from your desk
50 000 times a day and not do your crap i'm tired of you bitching like a
menopausal woman just shut up
but thank you for helping me with my work loki
uh if you did not having more time during the day to play games
that's all i got my fu goes to work drama although i don't think things have
been going that bad i actually you know i still love my job and what i do
daytime but there was a little bit of drama this past week but it's nothing
won't get past it's just you know getting through it is a little bit of a
nephew that's all if you do drama in general
don't want no drama do not want moving on with this week's gaming news
then well for uh people who've been keeping
up with the news on the max pain movie 20th century fox
has asked mark walberg to be in it and he said okay
at least that's what we're hearing so far
so um i think it would be cool with him in it i mean he's a good actor
better than his rap career he was pretty good in the party as an angry cop and
he's also good in the wee on the night as an angry cop so
he was great in this movie and in this movie where he plays an angry cop it
should work so yeah i think he's got the angry cop
roll down anyways um akira yamoko is actually working on a
brand new game series of course it's untitled yet
but uh glad to know that he's moving beyond
um silent hill at least i think he's moving on
beyond silent hill could be silent hill the musical maybe
that'd be awesome no but uh no idea what kind of game it is
what platform it is but he says that should be announced soon
so it's coming soon but if it's coming from akira yamoko like seriously how
can it be bad if you can't really be bad but yeah
i don't know i kind of feel left out with uh konami right now
you know no summer event that they did because they were moving offices and
stuff makes me sad all right
well we're just about to the end of our part a tonight
the first half of tonight's program we always like to close part a by
respecting our elders a little bit the way we do that
is by acknowledging the classic game of the week as selected by our the one and
only dark sakura so dark sakura is going to
dig through the archives and find a game that she thinks
you guys need to check out it's the classic game of the week
dark soccer what is this week's pick for the classic game of the week
i've brought this game up several times and it's just about damn time i said
something about it um today's game of the week is blazing
star for the neo geo very cool and we actually will play some
clips from blazing star i'm trying to get into some actual gameplay here
and the intro is all um you know rendered pretty and everything but the
game itself is um it's for the most part 2d with some
cg so it's pretty pretty sweet and um it's
basically like i think side schooling shooter um it's actually fairly
uh it's the sequel to polestar and polestar was a good game but blazing
star is just really really good and um it's actually
related to our type in its family but not quite you know what was that
fetus looking thing it turned into a star or something that
was weird it's weirdo storyline imagine star baby
i guess so anyway um it has a lot of you know uh
cut scenes and you know as you can hear a lot of talk wow this is like fun
oh my god this game is terrific log i'm gonna put this on a virtual console i
hope so i've never played it better well you know
what where i um i had actually played this um quite a bit when i lived in
alabama and i was very sad because the machine that i played it on was
actually broken into and the uh cartridge stolen out of it ouch it was
one of those multi avs machines um but anyway um
crust view lanes in sacramento they have this
they had it ah and they closed they closed down their arcade to put in the
pro shop dang but this is the boss coming yep
what is the boss here sure we're gonna listen to some music
boss music oh it's like a spider mech thing gross
oh you're you're timed on the bosses i noticed yeah you are turned on the
bosses and if you don't beat them within the
time limit you still progress but you don't get the points for beating the
boss huh that's kind of different very cool
and if i'm right i think it takes life wow
you beat it your skill is great that's the congratulatory you also um
collect um letters as you go through and it gives you more um
power ups and bonuses as you go through the game awesome um
but it is basically you have um a fire button and you have a bomb button
and you have charged attacks so it's very very very very cool
good times and people complain that blazing star was sort of you know dumb
down for its difficulty from pole star i disagree blazing star is still pretty
damn hard once you get past the first few stages
but it's just really i think that my favorite ship to play in
that game is the green one all right i don't know the graphics in
this game for some reason i don't know why it reminds me a little bit of un
squadron just this art style for some reason i don't know what it is a
little bit but um on top of that it was actually one
of the larger neo geo roms oh wow it was a 346 megabyte one because
of all the where did all that go well um it was
mostly um for the uh the pre-rendered uh 3d and there are
sprites that they were pre-rendered all right very cool blazing star is your
classic video game of the week of the neo geo game is freaking awesome
all right well that's going to bring us to a close here for part a of our
podcast but fear not because we tape uh for several hours
every sunday night and part b will be on its way for those of you guys listening
on the podcast feed we'll see you in a couple days here with
orange honest radio part b stay tuned
