Tonight, November 25th, 2007, Guitar Hero gets sued for sounding too good, Super Mario Galaxy
has super sales, and Captain Kirk officially endorses World of Warcraft.
Hello everybody out there on the internet, welcome to another week of Orange Lounge Radio.
We are that video game program dedicated of course to video games, video gaming, gaming
culture and the gamer lifestyle.
My name is Rob Roberts, joining me not tonight is Dark Sakura, she has the night off, she's
off for the holidays in Alabama.
We might hear from her a little bit later though, we'll see.
But joining us in studio, say hello to the one and only Loki.
Hello.
How you doing, Loki?
I'm doing fine.
Alright, and since we had an extra seat tonight, we thought we'd bring back a familiar guest.
For those that have been listening to Orange Lounge Radio for some time, say hello to intern
Drew is here tonight.
What's up guys?
How you doing?
Ah, fair.
Good.
So Drew, since Dark Sakura's not here tonight, we are going to be relying on you to present
the female perspective of gaming.
Wouldn't that be your job, Rob?
No.
What are you trying to imply?
Trying to say something?
Oh, nothing.
Nothing at all.
That's what I thought.
Alright.
Let's get it started tonight.
We're going to talk about how is your gaming week, and since Jamie's not here, we'll start
with Loki.
Well, let's see.
My gaming week was not filled with Rock Band.
You'd be surprised I didn't really play Rock Band this week, and instead, like Guitar Hero
and all the other music games before them, they are sitting in a nice bundle in a box
or whatever in the corner of the room while I play other things.
We played actually some Project Gotham Racing 3 this week, and we did a little multiplayer
on that.
Wait.
Project Gotham Racing 3?
3.
Old school.
Well, it's the reason why we played that one instead of 4 is because I have five copies
of Project Gotham Racing 3 and not five copies of Project Gotham Racing 4.
It makes it a little difficult to play that game multiplayer otherwise.
Anyways, so we did that, and then scenes were, of course, as usual, and a little bit of Call
of Duty 4 multiplayer, which is fun, a little bit of Catan, because that's also fun, and
then the game I've been mainly playing the last few days is Zelda Phantom Hourglass,
because originally I had DS, and then it was a nice silver fat one that came out at launch,
and then the music came on and everything went to hell.
I sort of got everything's broken tonight.
Those who were listening live tonight, we had to do three retakes to start the show
tonight.
It's like Jamie's not here.
It all falls apart.
I don't know what the hell's going on.
Sorry.
Here we go again.
Anyways, so then, let's see, so yeah, basically I ended up trading my silver DS fat for a
pink DS Lite for my wife, and then I bought a non-pink DS Lite for myself, a black one,
so now I have my true official game for myself, because my wife has claimed all the other
ones.
What else did I play this week?
I think that's about it, really.
I haven't been playing too much stuff.
I imagine because of the holidays and all, everybody's gaming weeks was a little bit
abbreviated.
Yeah, yeah, I guess.
Did you have a good turkey day?
Yeah, we had two turkeys.
A pig?
No, no, no.
Show off.
We did not eat two turkeys.
We had two turkeys.
I see.
One of them was at the table.
No, we had, because it's an interesting story.
We had things given over at Nellie's parents' house, and they had bought a turkey, and then
Nellie's dad won a turkey at work.
The ironic thing is he doesn't like turkey, but he won one anyways, so they had two turkeys
there.
You know, that's funny, because I don't like turkey either, so they always have to make
ham.
You know, turkey's not bad, it's just like, I don't want to, you know, they were trying
to feed me tons of that turkey, and I'm like, fuck this, I'm not eating all that.
Oh, then they wanted me to carve the turkey, and I'm like, I don't know how to fucking
carve a turkey.
I'll give them my best try, but shit.
So yeah, that was my gaming week.
Nice.
Drew, Intern Drew, you want to go next?
Sure.
Well, I haven't been playing much World of Warcraft since my subscription expired, cry,
but surprisingly I've been involved in FPS.
I've been playing Battlefield 2 and getting my ranking up all the way to Sergeant so far,
which is kind of cool, I like playing a medic.
Other than that, second playthrough of Tales of Symphonia, catching in some Twilight Princess
and a little Wild Arms 4, not much spectacular, but it's fun stuff.
Alrighty.
My gaming week, let's see, I've been playing the brand new Final Fantasy XI expansion,
Wings of the Goddess, which, dear Square Enix, I mean, you really blew it with this, I mean,
I don't know what to say, now the game itself is cool, let me get to that in a minute, I'm
talking about the launch, okay, when you have an MMO, and you're going to launch an expansion,
you can expect that all your freaking players who are addicted to this game, especially
Final Fantasy XI people who are pretty rabid about Final Fantasy XI are going to be in
on this game trying to register the game, you can expect they're going to all be on
it once, and so what happens?
Their registration servers go down when it's time to get people on this game, is that literally
I'm sitting there having to click retry over and over and over again for like a half hour
and nothing happens, and that's the point where I'm like, Rob, this is really sad, you're
sitting here clicking your retry button over and over, and can't register the game, what?
Stuck at authenticating.
Well, basically, it was just, lots of people were hammering the servers and it was basically
breaking it, but I mean, you could do it.
Or they just thought that your copy was not authentic enough.
No, well, I'm looking right at it, does this not look like the real deal, hello?
That looks like the real deal forgery to me.
Here's the other thing, is that the PC version of the game was delayed, the game was supposed
to hit shelves on Tuesday, no, shipped Tuesday to shelf Wednesday, right?
And then what happens, the PC version gets delayed by a day, which means that in reality
it didn't come out on Thanksgiving, obviously, it came out on Black Friday, Rob, what?
What Final Fantasy game would it be if it weren't delayed a little bit?
But the fun thing is, it was only the PC version in the US that got delayed, so everybody's
playing Dancer and Scholar, all the people in Japan and Europe playing the new classes,
and all the PC players are just, hmm, tear.
But I mean, this is how rabid people are, okay, you look at the Final Fantasy XI forums,
and people are like, okay, here's what you can do.
You can go out and buy an Xbox 360 version of the game, this is a real threat I saw on
Wednesday, the workaround, go out and buy an Xbox 360 version of the game, use the key
to register, if you can get through the registration server, download a torrent of the European
PC version, and then hack the initialization file to make the European game think it's
the US.
That's the workaround.
That's what people were doing.
That's the workaround.
That's a workaround.
That is a hell of a workaround.
Or you just fucking wait.
I swear to God, you just wait.
Fucking addicts.
Just wait your turn.
We have to wait for our loud extension.
This is what I finally decided to do, was wait, but I guess people are still having
problems getting on there.
I did finally get my copy registered yesterday, I guess they fixed some servers, but they
kind of botched the launch.
As for the game itself, I was kind of hoping for a little bit more for the users that are
not at the end game level yet, like me, because I've been playing this game for how many
years yet, I can never seem to level a job past like 55 because I have extreme ADD.
Well, that and all the fucking level cap quests suck.
But I've got to say, with all the changes they've made to Final Fantasy XI, they've
made a lot of changes for the better.
They've made items not so impossible to get in many ways.
The economy's eh, but I don't know.
I think the game's made a lot of improvements, like classes have gotten changes that needed
it.
And the new classes are pretty cool, Dancer's pretty awesome and helps with small parties
and Scholar's kind of cool too.
You mean I don't have to compete with bots to get a freaking pair of lizard boots anymore?
Well, they're Rari X now, so it does them no good to camp Lizzie, because the boots
are Rari X, so if they get it, they can't sell it.
I would camp it and drop the boots just to piss people off.
That'd be awesome.
That's a lot of time though, you call me sad for clicking retry over and over.
You should play well, they'd welcome people like you.
I don't have time to do that stuff, I mean come on, look at my gaming week.
Let us go to the chat room for some comments, chat.orangeloungeradio.com.
Rama says the World of Warcraft fans are probably just as bad, Rob.
I bet to some extent yes, but at least I don't remember Blizzard like buckling under pressure
when Burning Crusade launched.
They knew, okay, six million people are going to be registering the game today.
And I think they did alright.
I seem to remember when WoW first launched, they kind of had some bumps, but I guess they
didn't realize how big the game was going to be.
Huge.
Yeah.
Anyhow, the game itself, I need a little more time to explore the new areas, but I like
some of the new music and some of the old areas I went into.
Did they add any new areas?
Well, they're the old areas 20 years ago, so there's different mobs, and it's not the
exact same thing with different colors.
For instance, one of the areas I traveled to in the past, Roland Barry Fields, you go
to it in the past and you see like destruction, because it's supposed to be like 20 years
ago when the war was going on, the Crystal War was going on.
You see destruction, like there'll be holes in the path where it looks like cannonballs
have struck the path, and things like that, so it's not like the exact same thing with
different colors.
Can you go to the towns and stuff on there like that, too?
You can't go to Juno, but apparently you can go to the other big three, Sandoria and Winderset
and all that.
Yay, caverns of time.
Yes, but the Crystal War thing was written in the 11 story long before WoW was out, so
you can't say they did off WoW.
Yes, watch the intro movie sometime.
I know, but they've had that in since Warcraft II.
Can't we have both?
Isn't there room for both?
Why's it always got to be WoW versus whatever?
There's room for both.
I'm playing both right now, and not much else because of it.
That's because you're a double addict.
But I did play Rock Band, and I bought Rock Band.
I did not spend $170 on the Deluxe Bundle, because I just knew, like after our preview
last week, I was like, you know, I just don't think I'm going to want to go through the
setup of setting up the drums and everything this much.
As much as I love that guitar, I thought the guitar was a great controller, I'm kind of
pissed off that the companies can't play together.
Like, you know how that guitar won't work with Guitar Hero?
It will.
I heard there was some compatibility chart I saw.
Only on Playstation 3.
Only on PS3.
Well, that's actually a fuck of a lot of good.
Actually, if I remember correctly, I think it was, I want to say the Rock Band ones weren't
working on Guitar Hero 3 or something like that.
All I know is that the Guitar Hero 2 controller works with both, so I'm like, you know what,
I'll just continue to use that.
Even though my yellow button is starting to stick a little bit, I'll just use that.
Because the Rock Band songs aren't particularly hard.
Like I notice I'm doing way better on hard level on Rock Band than I do in Guitar Hero.
But I think that's just because I think it's a little bit better of a learning curve than
Guitar Hero, because like, in the hard difficulty on Rock Band, I notice they add the fifth
button, but they don't use it a lot, kind of like they do in Guitar Hero.
So you get some time to adjust to that.
I don't know.
Because your pinkies are weak.
Yeah, I haven't had as much problems adjusting to Rock Band at all.
But to be honest, I've only explored single player mode.
I have yet to make a band, so I have yet to explore that mode.
So I can't really give a full review on the game, other than I've enjoyed what I've seen
so far.
That's because you don't have any friends, because of how unlikable you are.
I want to be able to make a band for single player.
Like I want to be able to make my bandmates, you know?
That's what I was under the impression that's what you were going to be able to do, was
to make your own bands, and make your characters, and you can play each one individually, and
then have them all come together, but I guess not.
Because there would be no bass man.
Yeah, because there's no bass single player mode, which I was surprised to find out too.
So I guess there's little places they can improve.
But I love the presentation of Rock Band.
I love the way it looks, and how your characters get integrated into the loading screens.
I think that's hilarious, so very cool.
Other than that, not a whole lot else I've been playing because of Thanksgiving and all,
and mine was great.
Thanks for asking.
Very small.
We did not have two turkeys like at Loki's house did.
All right.
Well, that being said, let's go to some housekeeping for tonight before we get into the gaming
news tonight.
First thing we should say is that we're only going to be one part tonight.
There's not going to be a part B this week, reason being that because of the holidays,
because of Jamie's absence, and there just really wasn't a lot of gaming news this week,
so we decided we'd just make it a short show.
Apparently a lot of folks didn't think we were going to be on at all, and maybe that's
because I thought I said at the end of last week's show we were going to be here after
all, but maybe not.
I don't know.
So I know we were kind of going back and forth, so we are here this week, but only for one
part.
There will not be two parts to this week's show.
However, I do believe in lieu of a part B, I believe the Wee Zapper Challenge is happening
tonight.
Yes.
Yes.
So after the show, and of course this will be archived, we will be doing the Wee Zapper
Challenge where Loki has said that he does not need the Wee Zapper to do good in a game,
so he's going to play with just the normal emote.
I will be using the Wee Zapper, and whoever gets the higher score or what have you.
I don't know.
If I win, you have to take me out.
If you win, I have to take Nellie out, but what if she won't go out with me?
I don't know.
All right.
Then I'll buy you guys dinner or something.
We'll just think of something.
How about this?
We'll make it a lot easier.
If I win, you get me a $20 gift card to some place, restaurant or something, and if you
win, I'll give you a $20 gift card to some place or something.
All right.
That makes it easy.
Loser wears the tingle outfit.
No, I don't think so.
Well, there would have to be a tingle outfit first off.
No.
We will make one.
No.
I will get Ken to make one.
You kids know better.
You know the tingle outfit is reserved for one million copies of Eye of Judgment sold.
Ready?
Go.
Still waiting.
Still waiting.
I still haven't seen the MPD.
I actually have seen the MPD numbers come over for October, but I believe the Eye of
Judgment was just within that.
Although, in a few more weeks, we'll have the MPD numbers for November, and I'll let
you guys know where Eye of Judgment is standing as far as sales go.
On its way to a million in six months.
Yeah, right.
Sounds good.
All right.
Chat, who said you guys could come up with what the terms of the bet are?
Now, the chat is expressing some disappointment because they were looking forward to the Loki
Rob date.
Have I won?
I'll work something out.
I'll make them buy me dinner still.
Don't worry.
All right.
So, stay tuned for that after the show tonight.
That's really all I got for housekeeping other than, you know, stay on top of our communities.
We love having more folks on our LiveJournal community at Orange Lounge on LiveJournal
and our MySpace, Orange Lounge Radio.
I always neglect to mention Facebook, but we do have a group on there at the OL Army,
so just search for OLRMY.
You'll find it, or Orange Lounge Radio will come up as well.
Sorry, Facebook, but there's just so goddamn many apps on Facebook.
Every day I'm getting some freaking request for, like, so-and-so wants to play Vampire
with you and suck your blood.
I'm like, bleh!
Sorry.
It's like, yeah.
Thanks, Drew.
All right.
So, there you have it.
Also, the Guitar Hero OL Army fell out of the top 100 this week, and that makes me a
sad panda.
So, we need more recruits for the Guitar Hero OL Army.
You can find us on GuitarHero.com.
You can just search for OL Army.
However, I will say that Richie Maniac still has the number one spot on my Xbox Live list.
He's on my list, and he's on the Guitar Hero OL Army, and he has, like, a million groupies.
Damn you and your achievement horse.
I think he has 2,500 groupies, which is definitely the highest I've seen, so good job.
All right.
Let's get into some gaming news, then.
Who's gonna start us off tonight?
Loki?
Yeah.
I'm gonna start us off.
Anyways, as we kind of teased in the intro there, the Romantics, a wonderful 80s band,
I guess, I'll, yeah, I'm being sarcastic there, they are suing over a cover version
of their song, What I Like About You, that appeared in Guitar Hero Encore Rocks the 80s,
because apparently, the song sounds too much like them.
They want the game sales to be halted, and want accounting of all profits from the game,
along with unspecified compensation and punitive damages.
So apparently, their claim is that the song is virtually indistinguishable from the authentic
version, and therefore would confuse the consumer.
But, you know, I don't know, it's like, I'm just thinking, if it's virtually indistinguishable,
then what's it matter?
It sounds like crap, and people are thinking that's the real song.
And after that, they're going to sue everyone who five stars on an expert.
You know, I would think that in the court of law, it's gonna come down, and the judge
is gonna say, can't we just all agree that this song is so 20 years ago, and you all
need to get over it?
Or the fact that they probably paid to have the licensing of that song, because I'm sure
even though they didn't get the real artist to sing it, they have the license, the rights
to the song.
Do you think it's one of those cases where, like, the record company signed it over without
them knowing?
Like, that type of thing?
Well, I'm not surprised there.
Exactly.
Didn't a similar thing happen in DDR?
Um, possibly.
Someone was saying, like, Strictly Business, but I don't see how that, that's a licensed
song off of, um, well, the thing was, well, the thing was Strictly Business is that the
original artist of the song never consented to the song being in the game, and one of
the artists went into an arcade one day and saw people playing the song, and was like,
what the hell is this?
We never said the song could be in the game, so it was, but the record company did it.
You know, Rob, they didn't raise much of a fuss when it was in, uh, Karaoke Revolution
Party.
Interesting.
And again, it wasn't a very good cover.
And plus, Karaoke Revolution doesn't quite have that pop culture recognizability that
Guitar Hero does.
Let's actually listen.
Let's hear some clips.
Here's the original version of What I Like About You by The Romantics.
It's buffering.
It's a little slow.
Okay, that song's still kind of fun.
I have to admit.
I'll bounce up and down.
All right, let's listen to what the cover sounds like.
This is by The Wave Group, and you actually can't get this in iTunes.
I'm just getting the clips actually right out of iTunes as well.
You know, I've got to say, it really does sound a lot similar.
No, it doesn't.
A little bit.
A little bit.
Not even close.
Pursuing over that?
What a crock.
Well, let's see.
Let's see.
Now, keep in mind, there's other bands that cover this.
So I just had a curiosity.
Just like a control, like when you're doing a science degree, you have to have a control.
So let's actually take a look at a completely different cover.
So from the band Kid Pop Rock and Roll Hits, here's the hit crew with What I Like About
You.
Oh, shit.
It's buffering.
Here we go.
I know, honestly, that's pretty similar too.
I thought Kidz Bop was reserved for cage match punishment.
Make the wording stop.
That wasn't Kidz Bop.
That was not Kidz Bop.
It was Kidz Pop.
Same damn thing.
Big difference.
That's a big fucking difference.
That's a P, not a B. I would also like to point out, ok, I've got one more for you
guys.
This song was also covered on an album called The Barbie Hit Mix.
See, that's Barbie singing.
Ok, I have one question.
How effective is this mic as a bludgeoning instrument of death?
Honestly, the guitars and everything sound very similar.
Why does Barbie look like one of the Olsen twins?
I'm wondering too.
I'm looking at the cover of this going, wow, Barbie got really slutty.
So there you have it.
Got really slutty?
Nim in chat says, Barbie is made of plastic, no mouth.
How does she talk?
Same in the way Britney Spears does, you know, all in the same circumstances.
I'll give you a hint kids, it's the devil.
So there you have it.
They're being sued and what do you think, Drew, what do you think, is there any weight
to this lawsuit?
Do you think the romantics have a claim here or what?
No.
No, it is not even remotely similar.
It's similar as me singing this song, okay, I mean, seriously.
Oh, oh, would you?
No, I won't.
Sorry, Rob.
You will.
No, it's just, it's stupid.
I say yes, it's similar, but at the same time, somebody who had the rights to this song agreed
to let the song in the game.
I don't, now, if it came out that, you know, the developers got no permission to use this
song whatsoever, then I would say they have a case, but seeing as I'm pretty sure they
got the rights somewhere, you know, whether that be they went directly to the record label
and never approached the band, well, then the band should take that up with the record
label.
Why are you signing our stuff over to video games that are going to remake our songs too
similarly or why didn't you just let them use the original version for more money or
what have you?
I think, you know, if the song was licensed, then go QQ some more romantics.
Or perhaps the band should have a more unique voice that can't be copied so easily.
What the fuck is wrong with that?
DMN Nourishment says in chat, bottom line, sue the record company for signing and not
Activision.
Stop fucking whining.
Nim says there's a difference between similar and same.
If it's a cover, then it's different and they are going to be made a fool of.
Escapist says I want to see Loki pop advertised on late night TV.
And Riddink 360 says Loki should sing it in the Tingle costume.
There you have it.
Lots of love for Loki singing.
I think you could put out an album that would be bigger than Shatner.
I don't want to do that.
Well, not that I could tell you where he can find clips on the internet of Loki singing,
but I'll give you a hint.
Rock band is the topic of our next story and we did something with rock band very recently.
Anyhow, rock band has opened up a store.
That's right.
There's a new store with accessories.
There's a whole drum bag you can actually buy on this story.
It's a $50 bag to basically keep that whole drum set in.
I want that.
It is kind of nice, but it's $50.
I don't care.
I want that.
Is it worth $50, though?
It is worth $50.
Do you know why, though?
Because have you ever tried buying a bag for, like, consoles?
Trust me, I have numerous times.
Those fucking backpacks that they have for the Xbox 360 are, like, $70.
It's fucking ridiculous.
That looks nice.
Yeah, I got to admit, it does look kind of nice, but I don't know.
I mean, like, God, you already spent $170 on the game.
Do you really need to spend $50 more on some stupid characters?
Well, they have.
Like, you can buy actual guitars on that website and shit, like...
Yeah, I know.
There's other memorabilia.
It's like, I just bought $169 worth of fake instruments.
Let's buy some real ones, too.
Yay!
Uh, by the way, before we get to the next story, speaking of Guitar Hero, a little more
Guitar Hero, a little less rock band, did you see that thing?
And Tiger Claw was sharing this with our forum people, and he was asking me about this before
the show.
Did you see that whole Guitar Hero in the blender thing?
I love that website.
They put down the Will It Blend?
They've done Guitar Hero.
That is the question.
And they actually put the controller in the blender.
Well, half of it.
I don't mean to pose spoilers, but yes.
Everything blends, except Chuck Norris.
I love that website now.
You should check that out.
I giggled my head off watching that.
Rob.
I like how Loki used the appropriate verb.
He didn't laugh.
He giggled when he watched Will It Blend.
Rob?
Yes.
They did put Chuck Norris in the blender on that segment.
Like a cardboard cutout or something?
Action figure.
Everything blends, except Chuck Norris.
I apologize to all listeners for bringing up Chuck, but it had to be done.
I'm telling you, Hail Marys, those people that are behind the marketing of that blender
are fucking geniuses.
That is absolutely the best thing.
That's the entry level blender.
You can get one that's more powerful than that.
You can dispose bodies in that thing.
It's $250.
No one's buying it.
Everyone's watching it.
I thought it was $600.
It used to be $600.
It could be a restaurant caliber thing.
No, it used to be $600 and now it's $399, just like the PS3.
But it can be yours for four low payments of $99.99, just like the PS3 or the iPhone.
Nim in chat, chat.orangelandrager.com, if you're listening to us live on this Sunday
evening says, Chuck Norris doesn't blend.
Chuck Norris blends blenders.
Let's not start this.
I'm sorry.
Yes, please.
Let's not.
Let's move on to the next story, quickly.
Anyways, speaking of blending, someone I'd love to throw into that wonderful high powered
blender, Senator Hillary Clinton and of course some other folks like Joe Lieberman.
These opinions expressed by Loki do not necessarily reflect those of the station or other staff
members of Warren's Laundry.
But they're the majority of the studio.
Senator Hillary Clinton, Joe Lieberman, Sam Brownback, and even Bay, I guess, have sent
letters to the ESRB asking for a thorough review of Manhunt 2 following the whole, you
know, unlocked content, do the hack in the game.
Apparently they think because they're like political types that the ESRB would go, okey
dokey.
They couldn't do her job the first time or something.
And actually the other thing that they're also wanting done is because they're a little
bit pissed off at the whole Wii controls and how you can murder people using the Wii remote,
they want the Wii games to be rated differently because of such things like that.
So they want that taken into consideration for future ratings.
Because you know you can still aim a gun with a mouse.
Escapist in chat says, sweet Jesus, is Manhunt 2 even selling that well?
My thoughts exactly.
No, I can tell you right now it's not.
Honestly, I don't understand the point of it.
I mean, and doesn't fucking Hillary Clinton have better things to do?
No.
Seriously.
Well, I heard she's running for president.
I know, doesn't she have better things to do?
I really hope she wins.
Well, if I remember right though, it's not just her, but she did band together with these
other folks.
It's a multi-partisan thing.
I think this goes back to the fact that politicians generally are a little bit ignorant about
this stuff.
See, that's why I don't understand this.
Four letters from politicians and they want results, yet if I send them four letters to
shut the fuck up, then you're not going to do it either, so why should they listen to
them?
I don't know.
Well, maybe someone the ESRB should listen to is Mr. T, because goddamn it, everybody
should listen to Mr. T.
Right.
Boom.
And if that is true, then everybody will soon own a copy of World of Warcraft, because there
are brand new commercials featuring Mr. T and William Shatner for World of Warcraft.
Hilarious.
And they're pretty...
Like the Night Elf Mohawk.
They're very interesting, because yeah, in the commercial, and I'm not going to play
it because Blizzard isn't paying us to play it, but in the commercial, Mr. T talks about
how he fantasizes himself as a Night Elf Mohawk, even though there isn't actually a Mohawk
in the game.
And William Shatner is a shaman, a torn shaman, which is a very interesting one.
Go figure, he's been nerfed to hell.
Apparently Mini-Me has filmed a commercial as well.
Verne Troyer has also filmed one.
I hope to God he's a gnome.
You better believe he's a gnome.
That's all I have to say.
I hope to God he's a gnome.
No, I think they're going to do the ironic thing where he's going to play a very tall
character.
He's going to die.
Lame.
I already got Shatner as a Torrin.
See here, on a completely different note, Warcraft may be taking over PCs, but one game
that's taking over PlayStation 3 would be Warhawk, and they're getting their first expansion
here pretty soon.
It's supposed to be out sometime during December, and it's going to be called Operation Omega
Dawn.
Lame title.
And it's going to be filled with some cool stuff, including new vehicles, a KT-424 combat
drop ship, and a new battlefield, the Omega Factory, and there's going to be some nighttime
based battles as well.
So...
Oh.
A few cliched titles.
Well, it's nice to see that they're expanding their games, what few they have, so more power
to them.
I agree.
I mean, there's a lot of dumb titles out there in video gaming, so titles aren't everything,
it's the gameplay that's going to be important in this expansion.
And Chat, I love you guys, we're already subverting it.
What?
What did they say in Chatroom?
They're already subverting it.
Who?
They're already subverting the title name.
Who and what?
Chatroom.
Who, specifically, and what?
We have Nim calling it Omega Dump, Sashil Omega Dumb, Omega Dong, Omega Gong.
How mature!
Omega Penis!
Whoa, did we just make our first penis joke.
Probably not the last.
Speaking of jokes, the PlayStation 3 version of the Orange Box may be pretty hilarious.
Apparently the...
Thank you, Drew, for that very scary maniacal laughter.
What the hell was that?
That was my evil laugh.
That apparently was the evil...
Wow.
That was the evil, I am laughing at you, PS3.
Oh, I'm a little scared about this.
Anyhow, the Orange Box is actually, it's not being ported by Valve, who were doing the
PC and 360 versions.
Apparently another team at EA has taken upon it to actually port this game over to the
PlayStation 3, and the earlier reports are saying, not that great.
Were they the team behind, like, Superman Returns?
Oh, God, I hope not.
Apparently there are a number of frame rate hiccups and other technical issues, which,
quote, at best merely hinder gameplay and at worst make the experience downright unplayable.
You know, what's interesting is if you think about other things you might have read about,
Gabe Newell, who's one of the co-founders of Valve, he's openly voiced previously, he's
not really big on the PlayStation 3.
He's called it directly a waste of everybody's time.
Oh, snap.
However, you know, the Orange Box is a pretty awesome game, which, well, going off of what
I've heard.
But Loki certainly said a lot of great things about Orange Box.
Dark Sakura loves her some Portal, she's gone frickin' crazy with Portal.
I will be playing Orange Box this week, though, because Loki's loamiest copy, so I'll let
you know next week.
But you know, whenever great games get disgraced like that, it makes us a little bit angsty.
And when we get angsty, the F.U. music comes in and we do our rants.
I'd actually like to start tonight because I'm reading chat.
I'm gonna give an F.U. to Nim, who said, Omega, two girls, one cup.
Seriously.
Let it go.
Seriously, let it go on both ends of that.
I don't really have anything else to really say F.U. to, so I guess you get that.
F.U. to sleeping until one today, that was pretty awesome.
Loki, F.U. to being sick, being stuffed up and all the other fun stuff that goes along
with it.
But, I'm gonna take tomorrow off, because I'm not feeling that well, so, you know.
You show them, I'm gonna take tomorrow off, damn straight.
Are you gonna play games while you're sick, or are you just gonna sleep, or what?
Fuck yeah, I'm playing games, that's probably what I'm gonna do.
Drew, do you have any F.U.s of the week you'd like to share?
F.U. to Loki's SARS.
I don't have SARS.
I hope it's not contagious.
F.U. to people in Battlefield 2 who insist I fly a helicopter even though I have no idea
how to fly a helicopter.
F.U. to not having all these wonderful PC games that are coming out lately, and F.U.
to not being able to feed my wow addiction.
Well, you just need to have, you know, Tank upload a program for you to learn how to fly
a combat helicopter.
Ooh, points for the Matrix reference.
Alright, I guess that's gonna do it for the F.U.s of the week.
Incredibly nerdy, thanks to Drew being here.
You know what's funny is, we're having that guy, Joe Pantalone, I think, coming in.
The guy that played Cypher.
He's coming in to our work.
But that guy, he's that guy, you don't really know his name, but like in every mob movie
he plays.
A mob guy.
A mob guy, yeah, yeah.
Or he plays, or he, no.
Well, I don't know where, how do you put it?
What was that movie?
Memento.
Yes, he's in Memento, and Sopranos, and, oddly enough, The Princess Diaries.
Not that I watched that movie or anything.
The wife probably made you do it.
It was one of those, uh, remotes way over there, it's stuck on the family channel, and
I'm like, fuck, I don't want to get up, but, lazy!
I almost watched The Princess Diaries.
I finally got up when it, you know, finished the movie, and then it started playing The
Princess Diaries again.
And you were crying.
I was like, I don't want to watch this again!
Horrible.
Okay, so what, he's going to your work?
Are you going to get an Orange Lounge Radio autograph?
You should.
Um, I don't know why he's autographing, he's coming in for this movie.
We need more stuff in the studio.
I know.
Future studio.
I know.
Coolists are fucking, like, lame.
They don't want him autographing certain things.
I wanted to bring in, like, a Matrix poster for him to sign, but...
I still vote for the steak dinner.
I don't know.
Alright, let's get back to the news.
So, yeah, you know, there's not a lot of games for girls out there that are really good,
but guess what?
That's not going to be the case anymore, Fleece, if you own a phone.
There's going to be a game called The Coolest Girl in School, which is being pitched as
Grand Theft Auto for girls, and it's being developed by, um, Champagne...
What?
Is that the actual company?
Okay, I'm sorry, but this is the actual company.
Developed by Champagne for the Ladies is the name of the...
Loki, this sounds right up your alley.
Champagne for the Ladies?
What kind of a fucking development team is that?
This sounds like the candy that strangers use to get people in their cars.
I mean...
Oh, but it gets better.
I got Champagne for the Ladies.
Every place is all the boyish drug running and random violence with stuff girls like.
Like experimenting with drugs, using sex...
What?
Using sexuality for personal gain, inclined to the top of the social order, by any means
necessary.
Shut the fuck up, where is this from?
Is this for real?
Yeah, it's, um, you can gossip, shoplifting, uh, game, you know, all sorts of things like
that.
Anyways, uh, Grisby in chat says, uh, Grand Theft Auto, Ho Island.
Now that's degrading.
Uh, it's degrading.
Apparently there's a report, though, on Canada.com, yes, they are so cool, they have their own
.com.
Um, they're writing that, uh, while the Australian Family Association deems the game toxic, uh,
and Christine Devitt of the Montreal's Concordia University calls it corrosive, that's not
really a description for a game, the folks at Champ...
Insert blame Canada jokes here.
Oh my god, it is, that is the actual development name for the company.
The folks at Champagne for the Ladies say it's all good fun.
First off, I'm sorry, but no one's going to take a company named Champagne for the Ladies,
seriously.
GS-191 has an interesting point, it's the Winona Ryder Simulator.
Uh, this is more of like a Britney Spears simulator, drugs ruin your life and all that
stuff, my god.
But, like, I don't know, tell me if it's just me, but isn't there, like, a sick side of
you that, like, kind of wants to play it when it's all said and done, like, I'm kinda like,
you know, it's like one of those things, like, I have to play it, like, before I die.
You know what?
Take two, pay attention to what they're doing in this game, that way you can add a female
character into Grand Theft Auto that you can play, and there you go, that's what women
like.
Women like using sexuality for personal games, and doing all this stuff like that.
When Jamie's not here, this is what happens.
The show gets ruined.
Alright, uh...
Since the girl-centered role-playing game puts magnifying glass into the darker side
of school life with participants encouraged to experiment with fashion, oh, experiment
with fashion, oh no, fashion, drugs, sexuality, cutting class, and spreading rumors, oh, spreading
rumors.
Anyways.
Frisbee asks, what would Jamie's comments on this be?
I don't have a clue.
If we get her on the phone later, we'll have to watch, I really don't know.
She would probably be making some sort of noise similar to this.
That's I think what Jamie would do.
Call me crazy.
Anyhow, let's get back into some real games, such as a real gamer girl, Lara Croft.
And I say that because Lara Croft has big boobs.
No, just kidding.
But of course, Lara Croft is much more of a hero than any of the characters in that
other game ever will be.
Lara Croft has come out with Tomb Raider Anniversary on the Xbox Live Marketplace.
It's actually available for 1,200 Microsoft points, that's going to set you back about
15 bucks.
Here's the thing though, you need to own Tomb Raider Legend in order to play it because
it's technically downloadable content for that.
But if you want to download the Tomb Raider Anniversary, check that out.
It's available on the Xbox 360 right now.
Yay.
Actually, I think that's only the first half of the game.
I think it's going to be two halves, they're about 1,200 points each.
Well, then there you have it.
But if you don't like that, you can spend an extra 10 bucks and buy the disc.
So what's Lara Croft's equivalent of horse armor?
Or better yet, just wait a few months because this game isn't that great to begin with and
wait for the drop in price.
Does download content drop in price that much?
I guess so.
No, I'm talking about buying...
I bought Carcassonne and then it was free like four months later.
I'm talking about buying the disc version of the game.
Oh, I gotcha.
Anyways, speaking of Xbox Live stuff, if you live in Europe, they're going to be offering
you instead of Halo 3 for buying an Xbox 360, 10 free Xbox Live arcade games for new European
Xbox 360 owners and a friend.
Let's see here.
Now, what you can do, if you buy a console between October 1st and December 14th, you
can fill out a form and then both you and a friend can get 10 free Xbox Live arcade
games, which, to be honest, aren't that bad.
It's a pretty good selection, including Every Extend Extra Extreme, Sonic the Hedgehog,
Street Fighter II Hyper Fighting, Bomberman Live, Marble Blast Ultra, Spy Glass Board
Games, Small Arms, 3D Ultra Mini Golf Adventures, Assault Heroes, and Zuma Deluxe.
Hey, it's free.
It's not bad.
That's not bad at all.
We don't have anything comparable like here in the U.S.
Well, maybe like the arcade bundle has the five games with it.
Yeah, but a little different.
Interesting.
Well, lucky those folks over in Europe.
Also, let's get into some release dates and talk about Europe first.
Jamie's not here, but I've got you covered on what is coming out in Europe.
I imagine now that the holidays are over, things are slowing down in terms of release
dates, but apparently not.
There's still a lot of stuff coming out on the 30th over in Europe.
We have a port of Alvin and the Chipmunks, which is a translation of that Oscar award-winning
movie that's coming out.
It's a music game.
Is it a music game for real?
It's not karaoke though, but it's a rhythm music game.
There's rhythm music games that are good, like DDR, Beatmania, Guitar Hero, then there's
these types of music games.
This isn't going to be one of them.
Yeah, exactly.
Alvin and Chipmunks comes out on the 30th on the DS and the Wii.
BlackSight Area 51 makes its way to the PC and the Xbox 360, also on the 30th.
Boogie finally makes its way to Europe on PlayStation 2 and the DS this week.
Cruisin comes out on the Wii, I'm sure you can skip that.
Football Manager for the PSP comes out, as well as Guitar Hero 3 comes out on the PC
this week.
I believe it already came out on the consoles last week, because I've seen, yeah, it must
come out last week, because I saw some British folks joining the OL Army.
Genga comes out on the DS on the 30th.
Medal of Honor for the PSP also comes out on the 30th.
Pro Evo Soccer 2008 for the PSP also on the 30th.
Puzzle Quest comes out on the PlayStation 2, Resident Evil the Umbrella Chronicles on
the Wii, Speedball 2 on the PC, Siphon Filter on the PSP, The Golden Compass on Damn Near
Every System, again another kind of gaming port of a movie, and lastly, but certainly
not leastly, My Horse and Me on the PC, developed by Atari, and you wonder why their CEO recently
left the company.
Anyways, for the US there's really not a whole lot coming out this week.
On the DS, I don't know why they're releasing this game, but Master of Illusion, it's a
magic trick training sim or something like that.
It teaches you how to do card tricks, and you do magic with your DS.
Who's gonna be...
Oh my god, and it's fucking full-priced?
That's got to be different.
We just stole $34 out of your wallet.
That's magic!
That's a...
Well, if you're buying it from GameStop, it's full-priced, but it's not...
Two words.
It's supposed to be $20.
Two words.
Ping Pals.
Cranium Kabuki, if you like that trivia game, normally a board game, you can buy that from
Ubisoft on the Wii, Boogie is coming out on the DS this week, also Geometry Wars Galaxies
on the DS, History Channel Battle for the Pacific on the Wii, and indoor sports from
Konami, although that's not coming out, that's next year.
Well, they list it as, because we have some more current dates than they do, that's it.
It's really...
I imagine it's probably a much slower week here, thanks to Black Friday being over.
Did they actually venture out on Black Friday, out of curiosity?
I did later on in the evening.
I went to GameStop around 2 to pick up the Wings of the Goddess, and it wasn't that bad.
They were adequately staffed, I'll tell you that.
They had people walking the floor and everything.
I went and bought Zola, and the Zapper, you know what's weird though?
The Zapper, from what we've, you know, the press release said it was supposed to be $20,
and my company, we're selling it, it's $20 retail, GameStop is selling it for $25.
Oh ho ho ho!
Everywhere.
Interesting.
Chop around for the best deal?
No, I spent $25 because I'm lazy.
I don't know, it's wasted $25 right there, but yeah, we'll get into that later.
Alright, let's get into some Japanese release dates.
Assassin's Creed comes out in Japan, the localized version for the Xbox 360 from Ubisoft.
Apocalypse Desire Next is a new game on the Xbox 360.
It is a strategy-based game, and it doesn't look like anything we have over here.
Just trying to take a look at some screenshots real quick.
Looks like it might be a tactical type of game.
Trying to look here.
Oh yes, definitely more of a tactical-based type of game, so check that out.
If you like those games, Apocalypse Desire Next, also coming out this week in Japan.
On the Wii, Swing Golf, Pangea Second Shot is coming out, which I'm sure is just kind
of Nintendo's version of Hot Shots Golf, or Who We Trying to Kid is just another rip-off
of a Wii Sports title.
Also coming out on the Wii, Sengoku Basara 2 Heroes on the Wii, coming out from Capcom.
Also coming out in Japan, Tony Hawk's Project 8 on the PlayStation 3.
Star Train Your Past Makes Your Future on the PlayStation 2 from Princess Soft.
Yep, you can get a limited edition of that game as well if you follow every Princess
Soft title.
Speaking of Princesses on the Nintendo DS, Disney Princesses Magical Jewels comes out
in Japan.
I don't know exactly what their magical jewels are, but I don't want to find out.
Cats 2 comes out of the Nintendo DS in Japan, another cat simulation game, because apparently
Cats 1 with a Z, that's Cats with a Z, was so popular there is now a Cats 2.
Fuku Mori, Mori No Unhappy Project is coming out from Bandai also on the Nintendo DS, and
I have no idea what this game is all about.
Looks like it could be another mix of mini-games, it's hard to tell from the screenshots, it's
an action-based game, probably a typical platformer.
What's so damn funny?
Is it chat?
It's chat.
What are they saying in chat, Drew?
Oh, typical DMN.
Princess Soft, doesn't Rob work for them?
Hahaha, funny.
Coming on the PSP, Disgaea Hour of Darkness Portable coming out, the portable version
of the popular strategy game, that's going to do it for Japanese release dates.
Awesome.
Anyways, one thing that's supposedly coming soon to the Wii, which is weird because I
never thought I would, but the Unreal 3 engine is apparently being adapted for the Wii by
some unnamed company.
They're porting it over much like I guess they did with the Unreal 2 engine.
Oh, Ubisoft ported over the Unreal 2 engine for Red Steel.
So is it coming over for Red Steel 2, maybe?
I don't know.
Because isn't the rumors that that game is supposed to be made?
It is.
Hopefully it doesn't suck as much as the first one.
Yeah, maybe they can make it right this time.
I don't know.
You know, you've heard my opinion on Ubisoft ports for Wii.
I tried to stay away from them.
But we don't know for sure it's them.
It's an unnamed company that's doing it, but it's just kind of one of those, you know,
if you were betting, odds would favor this.
I think they could probably do it if they did something like cel-shaded or something
like that, very simple like Wind Waker type graphics, where you simplify and you'll have
all these textures and stuff you have to worry about, you could probably pump some interesting
stuff out on the Unreal engine.
Xenocore in chat says, why adapt Unreal Tournament 3 for the Wii?
What the fuck?
I'm obviously speaking about the engine in general, not the game.
Again, it's money.
If a company can port their game to multiple systems this way, they'll do it.
And if they can successfully port Unreal Engine over for the Wii, then they can sell that
to other companies, you know, to make Wii versions of stuff using the Unreal 3 engine.
And plus, you know, with just the Wii selling as crazy as it is, you know, if you've probably
seen the stories on Black Friday, people are still going crazy about the Nintendo Wii,
and it's, you know, it's kind of a different demographic.
You know, the more family household, quote unquote, is where the Nintendo Wiis are going.
So certainly if there is a particular game that they want to try and get a piece of that
audience with that type of, you know, share of the marketplace, they'll go for it.
Anyhow, let's take this opportunity to dive into the mailbag and take a look at some of
the emails that we've gotten this week.
Every week you guys send us emails at mailbagorangelaunchradio.com.
Mark Sakura will usually take on these responsibilities, but since she's not here, I stole the password
to the mailbag and I'm looking in her place.
Let's look at email number one tonight of four emails we're reading tonight.
Email number one comes to us from Arvid, who didn't use a handle, so I called him by his
real name.
And Arvid says, greetings, just a quick question.
What is the song called that you play at the end of the show, and from what game is it?
Sorry if this has already been answered in the forums.
The song at the end of the program that you will hear in a little while when we finish
is iFutureList by Kiriyama Oka, which I believe appeared in DDR Supernova in the US for a
console game.
I thought it was Xtreme 2 also.
Was it in Xtreme 2?
I thought it was Supernova.
And I'm sure one of the Bahmani nerds in the chat knows for sure, but it made its first
appearance in one of the 2DX games.
I want to say 2DX 13th?
I don't remember.
It's been a long time.
I stopped tracking after 8th.
And it shows up in various Bahmani games.
Let's go to the next email coming to us from Chard, also known as Rick the UK fanboy.
Hey guys, do you have a postage address?
We're going through a mass tidy at our house and I have to throw out a lot of my stuff.
I've come across some things that might be fun to send you.
A Christmas present maybe.
Oh, I like presents.
As long as it's not a B-O-M-B, then I guess I'm okay with giving out the address.
So we'll see.
Yeah, sure, I'll reply to that and find out, but there's another part of this.
I wouldn't have read this on air if that was it.
There is another part of this.
Anyway, I also have a question.
Which game were you so excited to get and when it came out was the biggest disappointment?
If you could go back in time and hit the developer over the head with a big comedy inflatable
hammer, what would you get them to change?
Cheerio, governor, chimney, cup of tea, telly, and all that stuff.
Well, he is our UK fanboy, so you forgot crumpets.
You forgot crumpets.
Hope you had a good turkey day or whatever the devil it is you Americans celebrate.
This is Thanksgiving.
I don't know.
A game that came out and you were extremely disappointed in it.
Actually I can...
It's easy.
I know right off the top of my head what it is.
I can think of one right now.
Red Seal.
You know, it was really hyped up, it was supposed to be really awesome, and really was not awesome.
It was controlled by poop.
It was one of those things that sounded great on paper, huh?
It did.
Yes.
And I don't know, it was just exciting.
The whole concept of, you know, people call you on your phone in the game and you pick
it up, you know, your remote like a phone.
Apparently though, your phone has really shitty sound on it because, you know, those controllers.
Very good.
Drew?
I have two.
Okay.
Guilty Gear Dust Strikers, the DS game.
And the second almost everyone can agree with, the Matrix Path of Neo.
It had such promise too.
And then they went and screwed it up just like they did Enter the Matrix.
Which one was the Matrix Path of Neo?
I don't remember that one.
I remember Enter the Matrix.
It came out a couple years ago.
It came out a couple years ago where you actually played as Neo, which is what all the Matrix
fans wanted, you know, to play as Neo.
But they screwed up the fighting system, they screwed up the plot, and they made a joke
of a last boss.
Easy, easy, easy for me.
The game that was the biggest disappointment where I wanted to go back and smack the developers
upside the head.
And then 10 Dogs.
Remember E3?
I freaking fell in love with this game.
I said it's going to be the greatest game that comes out this year and then when the
game comes out I was bored with it in an hour.
Woof.
I know because there was nothing really else to do besides those three contests.
There wasn't a lot of, like, competitive stuff and there wasn't much you could do with the
dogs.
Yes, I realized it was supposed to be a sim, but I don't know.
I was thinking there would be more of a game to it and there wasn't and that was kind of
sad.
How about We Connect 24?
Does that count as a game?
Kind of.
Animal Crossing DS would be a close second for me, honestly.
Because I was expecting so much more from that and I think it felt more like a port
than a sequel and that was what was ultimately disappointing.
So there you have it.
And the other disappointing thing about Nintendogs is the fact that it's been selling like crazy
and now we have all of these knockoff games to thank, such as, like, Cats 2, which I think
we said earlier.
Imagine Babies, all those stuff.
Did you see they had, what was it, a bundle, I think, through, honestly, maybe, it was
like one of the big retail chains.
But it was the Nintendogs, like that metallic red or rose DS, and then two or three other
versions of Nintendogs.
You get, like, four of the same game.
Nice.
Very nice.
Diemen Nourishment said it was designed to be played like 15 minutes a day, Rob.
What do you want?
Yeah!
And then it got boring after two days.
I mean, that was the problem.
There was not a lot to come back for.
There wasn't a lot to kind of, like, earn or work towards in that game.
It's a frickin' Tamagotchi.
Kinda.
I don't know.
It just, I was expecting so much more based on what I saw at E3.
I was so excited and I was just so disappointed.
Transformers The Game.
Yeah.
That would be one I was extremely disappointed in.
All right, let's move on.
Here's a story tip from our old buddy, RobWithTwoBees.
Here is a link to a boy killing an old woman for money.
He just happened to admit that it was to pay for an MMORPG time.
I don't see how this is actually related to games, but that's how it is spun.
If you ask me, the violent act was done solely for money.
The fact that it was for four pounds sterling doesn't make it more tragic because the kid
didn't know how much she had.
So in other words, he's sending us a link to the story about how, you know, let's see,
boy murders old woman for game money.
Oh, and this is a story that was Doug and everything.
It was a 13-year-old kid in Vietnam robbed an 81-year-old woman and he used the money
to play online games.
I see.
And obviously where Rob's kinda going is that, isn't this really about a robbery?
Why does it necessarily have to be about games?
Who cares what they spin it on?
It wasn't me, I swear.
I mean, it's like, if he spin it on crack, it wouldn't have made the news.
You know, it's sad that that woman got robbed, but we really want to know, what did he spend
the money on?
Let's get in the mind of this criminal.
How did he spend that money?
And then, let's prove that gamers are completely worthless moral rejects.
I love this too, is that the story makes reference to the story from earlier this month when
that kid beat up his mom over Halo 3 when she tried to take it away from him, like call
the cops, that whole thing we read on a previous show.
They remind folks of that.
Yeah, let's just call it bad parenting and leave it at that.
That's your Jamie angle, I imagine.
Thank you, you do a very good job for filling in for Jamie when she's not here.
I appreciate that.
All right, we got one more email for you guys this week, and then if you want to contribute
an email in the future, it's mailbag at orangelaunchrader.com.
Our last email tonight comes from Rissimo, and Rissimo asks, hey guys, I love the show,
and I always make sure to tell my friends about it.
Thank you.
I recall Loki saying that he had Ratchet and Clank.
He hasn't said anything else about the game in a while.
I love the game and was wondering if it's even been in his PS3 yet.
My PS3 is being borrowed by a friend who likes Ratchet and Clank a lot more than I do.
Nice.
And he's playing it, and he loves the game.
So that's a no, but to be honest, I don't even think I want to play the game.
It looks fun.
It looks like Ratchet and Clank.
Then why'd you buy it?
Because I was too lazy to cancel my pre-order, and I just said fuck it, I'm going to pick
it up because it's supposed to be a good game.
New tool.
It looks good.
It looks fun, but you know, it's just, I didn't play any of the Ratchet and Clank games, and
there's probably a reason for that, because I didn't want to play them, and why the fuck
did I buy the new one?
I know, because I'm desperate for good games for the PS3.
And which you don't play.
Well, now I'm loaned it to a friend right now because he's going to get his own PS3
soon, and probably when he does that, I'm probably going to sell him the game, so.
Rama says, damn, Loki, you're sad.
And Artitsuya says, Loki, do you think Mario Galaxy ripped them off as they claim?
No.
Alright.
More of the email from Marisimo here.
Also if you guys tried Super Stardust HD or any other PSN titles, I think that even though
the selection is pretty slim, most of the games are worth trying, especially if you've
got a Japanese account.
GTProlog looks fucking amazing.
Thanks for consistently putting on such great shows, we appreciate it.
Thank you.
I do have a Japanese account, and I do play GTProlog, and I still don't like Gran Turismo,
no matter how pretty they make it, but that's just my personal preference.
It looks pretty.
I wouldn't say it's any better than Project Anthem Racing 3.
I don't know, it's just, it's, when the, get the cars looking that good, it really, at
this point, it's not like leaps and bounds better than anything that's out there right
now.
So, you know, whatever.
I do have Flow.
Flow's fun.
I, personally, the only thing that's really stopping me from buying games on the Playstation
Network is I hate their fucking account system, where you have to put money on this account
or whatever, and then you download games with that, and you end up with this like five cent
remainders and shit on there, because everything's like, you know, this 99 or whatever, instead
of rounding them out, it's like, you know, Xbox Live Marketplace.
So I just, even with Xbox Live Marketplace, so you get a little bit of that, where like
you always have some points left over, you know?
Yeah, but at least there's stuff I can download on there, I mean, and also a lot of the download
stuff that they have on the Playstation Network is a little bit more expensive, or like less
production value or whatever.
I know there's good stuff on there, like Everyday Shooter and some of the stuff like that, but
there's nothing really that's jumped out at me, other than Flow.
Flow's kind of fun, but I don't know.
Alright.
Alright, well that's it for the mailbag, so again, if you want to email us sometime, mailbag
at orangelaungeradio.com.
Alright, anyways, on to some other stuff.
Of course, it's no surprise that Super Mario Galaxy is selling well.
It has sold 500,000 copies in the US in the first week alone, which is pretty awesome,
and of course it's probably going to be continuing to sell well all throughout the holidays.
We also know that it sold 250,000 units in Japan in its first week as well, so definitely
one of the more popular games for the Wii out there, but I think it's no surprise that
it's selling that well.
Although not millions and millions of copies, though, kind of like Halo 3.
Yeah, but wait for the Christmas season to be over.
True.
And this is also a game that people are going to constantly buy going forward.
Halo 3, I don't know, it just kind of teetered off, like really quick, I think.
Well, I mean, it had a huge launch, and everybody that had Halo 2, it's kind of like earlier
in the show, it's like about the whole MMO thing.
In a way, it's kind of similar with hardcore fans of a series.
Everybody's going to be out there day one buying it.
Can you imagine if Halo 3's multiplayer servers have gone down going, oh, sorry, we didn't
think so many people would try to get on, which is basically what Squeenix did with
Final Fantasy.
Well, the difference is there's a single player element to Halo.
I guess that's true.
All right, well, anyhow, you can play single player in Final Fantasy XI.
That's fine.
There's a new device out there called the Cyber Familator.
It allows you to play your Famicom games on your DS Lite.
Also with this device, you can use a TV Out.
Now, keep in mind that is a Famicom emulator, and it's not actually an emulator, it's
an actual device.
You put your DS on top of it, and it does this whole thing, so keep in mind it's
not, it's Japanese, so you can't use it for NES games.
But just out of curiosity, is this something you guys would want?
Would you want it like it is now to play Japanese imports, or do you think it might be kind
of cool to have something to use your old school NES cartridges on?
It looks kind of cool.
Looks like almost the DS version of the Super 8.
I'd get it just for nostalgia's sake.
I wish there was more you could do with it, kind of like with the Super Game Boy and stuff,
like you could change the colors and all that dumb shit.
It would be cool if you could like, I don't know, hack the NES games and change the sprites
like you can on the PC.
Honestly, if I were just going to buy something like that extra from my DS, I'd just buy
one of those cards to load ROMs on there and just play it off that.
It would probably be a lot cheaper anyways.
This person who I believe is DMN under one of his many nicknames will warn you though,
it will fuck your warranty, FYI.
That's a good point, if you're going to get something like this and install a game
that still has warranties.
Why would it fuck your warranty?
I think it's something you have to attach there.
No, it just plugs into the Game Boy Advance slot.
That's why it's only on one screen, because it's plugging into the Game Boy Advance slot.
You probably can fucking use it on a Game Boy Advance.
But you know.
Oh, it's for the DS, I'm sorry.
Interesting.
But yeah, it's not like something you have to mod your system for, that'd be stupid.
Anyways, let's see here.
There's actually been a series that just started on TV, and I've got to mention this.
The Discovery Channel's Rise of the Video Game, it's actually pretty good.
I watched the first episode of it, it reminds me if you've ever watched G4's Icon series
that they have.
Very similar to that kind of thing, but it's kind of the whole history of video games,
and they just started with the very first computer game to the 70s, like Pac-Man, and
stuff like that.
Yeah, exactly, and a really fascinating series, I mean, they're going to replay the hell out
of this all throughout the week, so I recommend catching it on TV, or YouTube.
DMN would like to remind you that any third party thingamajig.license fucks your warranty,
apparently.
Oh.
Oh.
You mean I avoided my warranty by using the Game Genie on my NES?
How would they prove that you fucked it up by plugging it in there?
If there's no physical evidence, they're not going to be like, hmm, I sense residue from
this thing.
I mean, they're not fucking CSI.
There's a lot of dust on this.
My DS broke, you know, fix it, and they're just going to do it.
They're not going to be able to tell unless you actually broke it open.
You'll never know.
I'm not CSI.
They don't have the snappy one-liners.
All right.
Let's go.
Wait, I actually want to ask real quick about the rise of the video game.
Is that something you actually watched?
Yeah, I did.
It was good.
What was the format of it?
Because I forgot to TiVo it.
It's basically a reminder, like I said, of the Icon series.
They kind of discussed different things that went on, and then they would have developers
and major key figures and stuff commenting on it.
They had the president of IGN.
They had some of the first, the creator of Pac-Man and stuff, and they were talking about
just all the phenomenon, the pop culture stuff related with video games, and just the mentality
and all that stuff.
They went and talked about Tetris.
It just is very well done.
It's a really cool series.
I think it's worth checking out.
The last documentary I watched on games was that PBS one that was in high def.
It was kind of neat.
I mean, this, like I said, I love the Icon series.
That was probably my favorite show on G4, but now they do it about everything.
It's no longer good.
Well, speaking of paying tribute to the elders, this is the part of the show, because we are
getting towards the end of the show.
We are going to get into the Skype line soon, but first we want to cover this week's classic
game of the week.
Now, Dark Soccer is not here this week, so I've taken it upon myself to select a classic
game of the week.
I believe Loki will do one for next week.
Okay.
You better.
All right.
Here is this week's classic game of the week.
Oops, wrong music.
All right, this week's classic game of the week is a game called Equinox is the classic
game of the week.
Equinox was actually the sequel to another game on the NES called Solstice 2.
Solstice was the game on NES.
This was kind of Solstice 2 in many ways.
Part of the reason I totally dig this game is the fact that it was kind of like...
I love the ambiance and the music in this game.
It really set the mood.
Basically, you have this kind of isometric view of the game.
If you ever played Solstice on the NES, it was kind of very similar.
You had this isometric view of the game, and you were going through these dungeons and
kind of trying to solve all these different puzzles in the game.
The ambiance that the music set was just awesome.
You got these different items, and you had to fight the bosses, and they had really cool
boss music in the game.
I think, ironically, one of the things that was really cool about Equinox was that it
was actually developed by Sony.
One of the Sony spin-offs companies, Sony ImagineSoft, was actually the company that
made this game.
It was kind of like Sony making a game for the Super Nintendo, which is kind of cool.
Of course, obviously, Sony ImagineSoft was phased out a little while later, and they
went on to make games for the PlayStation.
If you enjoyed Solstice on the NES, you may not even know this game existed, so it's my
pick for the game of the week is Equinox.
Did you guys ever play this game?
Lowkey?
Nope.
Yeah.
It required a hell of a lot of patience.
It had kind of a steep learning curve, but it was a little fun once you got used to it.
It did.
It had a real steep learning curve to it, and it was fucking hard.
The other thing about it is that it had a really precise way to kind of get through
the game, and it was not very forgiving in regards to running into people and stuff.
I don't know if it's maybe the YouTube guy playing it on an emulator or something, but
why the fuck is all the text in front of...
Because it's a demo.
You're looking at a demo.
Oh.
So.
You pop up on the overworld, and within two minutes you're dead.
Yeah, it's tough.
It's tough.
Yeah, there were little bosses around the overworld.
You know this game was actually originally developed to be an RPG.
If you actually look on YouTube, you can find YouTube clips of this game as an RPG.
You can actually see text that was cut from the game.
So kind of interesting the way it's set up.
So there you have it.
Being asked in chat room, DMN under the guise, your mom, says, Rob, will this be on virtual
console?
And I say, Lordy, I hope so.
I hope so.
So Loki, you'll be bringing a classic game next week in Jamie's Absence, correct?
Yeah.
All right.
All right.
This is the part of the show then.
It is a short show tonight.
We want to cram it all into one segment, so we're going to go ahead and open up the Skype
lines.
If you want to give us a call, it's 1-877-GAME-OLR, or our username on Skype is OrangeLoungeRadio.
And folks have been hammering the phones already.
I believe we already have a call on the line.
Call are you there?
Hi, Rob.
Hi.
Is this Jamie?
Yes, it is.
Hi, Jamie.
How are you?
I'm looking at the rain right now.
Is it raining where you're at?
Oh, yeah, it's raining.
Of course.
So I'm sure...
I am...
I'm sorry.
I know you're...
I'm...
Oh, go ahead.
I'm just saying I'm calling from Alabama.
Well, how has things been going out there?
How was your Thanksgiving?
We had it yesterday, and the mom cooked for a small army, but thankfully a small army
showed up, and then they went off to kick butt for me.
Nice.
And it was pretty cool.
And we've just been doing a lot of hanging out.
I haven't gotten much played, but I did watch a movie that a lot of people on the Half-Life
and Portal boards were saying that they thought Portal might have been based off of.
I had mentioned to you earlier it was Cube.
Oh, the movie Cube.
Yeah, that movie's cool.
I love that movie.
I saw it a long time ago.
But there are some real bastardized sequels to the movie, from what I understand.
I haven't seen them, so I guess I should withhold my final opinion until I see them, but I've
heard the sequels are not good.
Hypercube is a mindfuck.
Hypercube and Cube Zero.
Yes.
I'm supposed to be watching while I'm here.
Oh, nice.
Very nice.
Have you gotten any gaming done while you've been out there?
Not really.
I haven't had much of a chance to.
I did bring my Game Boy with me, and actually on the plane, I tried to play Olendan, because
I've got puppies.
Copy.
Nice.
Olendan's a fun game play.
Not much else.
I almost logged into Ragnarok once at this Wi-Fi place that we found.
Very cool.
It was pending.
No, it didn't.
I resisted the urge.
If I sounded a little distracted during the Classic Game of the Week segment, that's because
I was actually trying to pick up Jamie's call, but I was curious, did you hear the Classic
Game of the Week segment?
Did I pick a worthy game this week?
Did you say you picked Psychonauts?
No, it was Equinox, which was Solstice II on the Super Nintendo, basically.
I was like, that wasn't on Super Nintendo.
No, no, Equinox.
No.
How?
Equinox, which was much, well, I like Psychonauts, too.
I can't say it's much cooler, but it was a very cool game.
I was just curious if I picked a worthy game this week.
I'd say you did.
That's a pretty good one.
Awesome.
The other thing-
Get my Samsung approval.
Good.
Good.
I'm always looking for that.
Loki, tell Jamie a little bit about the story we covered earlier in the evening.
There's apparently a girl Grand Theft Auto type of game coming out, and Loki, what is
it you can do in this game?
You can do drugs.
You can also have sex with people for your own personal gain, spread rumors, stuff like
that.
Does this sound like the female Grand Theft Auto to you, doing drugs and pulling people's
hair?
No.
See, my perfect version would be this hardcore chick with an- we actually described him watching
Planet Terrace.
It would be worth a gallon.
And it's developed by a company called Champagne for the Ladies.
That's so stupid.
What about-
Okay.
Wait, who would be cooler, Rose McGowan or Tank Girl?
Ooh, that's a hard one.
That's a hard, hard one.
I don't know, Tank Girl's pretty hardcore, but she'd have to have the tanks.
That's true.
I think they should just make a Tank Girl video game, honestly.
That would be great.
Yeah, we were going to when it got canceled.
Doh.
Of course, she would have to do all the art work.
Yeah, I'm an original PlayStation.
All right.
Well, Ms. Dark Sakura, sorry you couldn't be here tonight, but you're going to miss
the great Wee Zapper Challenge, which is taking place after the show.
But we'll look forward to your return in a couple weeks.
Is there anything else you want to share with the listeners tonight?
I've already been challenged by Wee Zapper.
I fell on my foot before I left.
Well, congratulations on that.
I'm actually watching Eddie Izzard right now.
I hope the same doesn't happen to me.
Well, then go enjoy the Eddie Izzard.
All right.
All right.
Take care.
Bye, everybody.
Bye.
We'll be back in two weeks.
Bye-bye.
Jamie was very patient waiting on hold while I was doing the Classic Game of the Week,
so I appreciate that.
All right.
Let's go to the phones again.
Again, 1-877-GAME-OLR is the number you can call, or Orange Launch Radio on Skype.
Hello, you're on Orange Launch Radio.
Who's this?
It's Ravenstaufen.
Hello, Ravenstaufen.
How are you?
I am okay.
A little cramped in here.
Little cramped?
Yeah.
My house is being renovated.
It's worked on, so I'm in a cramped little room right now.
Oh, I thought maybe you had the whole Thanksgiving family thing going on.
No, it was quiet, but enough about that.
My show can't stop talking about the damn Orange Box since it damn came out pissing
me off.
Why is that?
Well, damn.
What's so damn great about it?
Because I haven't been playing it.
That's all they've been talking about.
Don't you have control over it?
Can't you just say, hey, no more Orange Box?
I tried, and then they go like, no.
We got to play Portal.
Portal is awesome.
Ravenstaufen.
And then Game Portraits is awesome.
And then I'm like, you haven't played it very much.
It's like, yeah, it's very hardcore.
Yeah, it's very hardcore.
Offer them a cake if they shut up.
Wait, now, so did you just call in tonight to bitch about your own show's politics, or
what's the deal?
Oh, no.
Not at all.
All right.
What else is up?
You talked about Portal and all those games.
I guess it's your...
I haven't really played them still yet.
I'm like the least coolest kid on the block.
So you're just like me.
OK.
Now you're in the same boat.
Well, except Loki, one of the cool kids on the block is loaning me his copy.
So maybe by next week, I'll be sitting here giggling, going, hee hee, the cake is a lie.
You know, and all that stuff that everybody else is doing.
So we'll see.
Do you think, does this kind of stuff kind of irritate you when people go too far?
It does.
It pisses me off.
Really?
I'm sorry.
It pisses me off, especially when a commercial that goes, the greatest game of all time.
And with the PlayStation 3 version being very unplayable, Gabe Newell must really hate that
thing.
Apparently, there's not a lot of nice things to say about it from Valve.
I love it.
Technically, it's like, I hate the PlayStation 3.
I'm just going to gimp it.
Apparently, a lot of folks are doing that.
All right.
Well, any final thoughts for our listeners, Ravensdolphin?
No, but don't be in a cramped room.
All right.
We'll try to avoid that, even though the studio is a little cramped.
All right.
Take care.
Bye.
1-877-GAME-OLR is the number to call, or our username on Skype, Orange Launch Radio.
How are you enjoying Jamie's chair tonight, Loki?
I never asked.
The big fluffy blue chair.
It's warm.
I don't know.
But then again, that might be my cold.
All right.
Let's go over to the phones, take some more calls.
Hi, you're on Orange Launch Radio.
Who's this?
Yo, this is Preston.
How you doing?
Hey, how you doing?
Better known as Xenocore.
Yep.
What's up, Xenocore?
Same old stuff, different day, man.
Gotcha.
What's your gaming week been like?
Actually, first off, did you have a good Thanksgiving?
Yeah, I got turkey for days, dude.
Awesome.
Leftovers.
Turkey and then turkey everything for a whole week.
Got turkey and nothing but turkey and sleeping for the next half week or so.
Gotcha.
So how was your gaming week?
What do we owe the call to tonight?
Well, I've been getting all of my November 20th gaming out of the way.
So finally managed to finish Assassin's Creed and saw the little cliffhanger ending they
gave us there.
That was kind of upsetting.
Interesting.
So did they set it up totally for a sequel, as many games do these days?
Well, yeah, but there was no end of the chapter, so to speak.
You just fall right off the cliff.
It's pitch black and you just walk right off the cliff.
OMG spoilers.
Next one.
Can we not spoil this?
No, it doesn't sound major.
What they did do is interesting.
You're definitely drawn to the story, so you still want to find out what's going on, but
you just hit that wall flat out.
There's no gentle slope to say, okay, now wait for the next one.
It's like, oh shit, now I got to go buy number two to figure out what's going on, but it's
kind of interesting what they did.
Interesting.
And Assassin's Creed apparently, since it's a brand new IP, right, and it's doing very
well for being a brand new IP, so it sounds like they already know there's going to be
an Assassin's Creed at some point.
Yeah, they're talking about the sequel.
Oh, wow.
Very cool.
Anything else you've been playing as Unicorn?
Yeah, I've been getting Mass Effect out the way.
How is that?
Let's check that out.
I'm very, very curious about Mass Effect.
Well, Loki, did you play the beta version or the demo version they had at the trade
shows, or did you actually play a full version of it?
No, I played a full version of it.
All right, because after the review I heard last week, I'm not sure if you were playing
the same game I am, because there wasn't that much talking before I started shooting anyway.
No, there's quite a bit of talking.
I disagree, but anyway, I'm used to Bioware stuff, so I guess I sort of gloss over it.
See, I didn't play anything from Bioware.
I didn't play Jade Empire or anything like that, so maybe this...
I could have been nitpicking.
I only had 30 minutes in my lunch, and I just want to kill you while there you go, and hey,
25 minutes of that lunch is spent talking.
Loki, you missed alien sex.
I didn't miss it.
There's no fucking alien sex in there.
It's implied sex.
That's bullshit.
Loki says fucking lifetime TV implied sex is what that is.
Penetration or it didn't happen.
Well, I can't confirm or deny that right now, because apparently, based off how far I've
gotten into the game, the scene they show isn't from a party member.
It's from an NPC, so if there is some party member fornicating, we haven't seen what it
looks like yet.
The plot thing is, apparently my friends...
See, the reason why I haven't bought Mass Effect is that there's just too many games
and not enough money in the wallet, however, one of my friends who got Mass Effect is already
halfway through the game and said he'll let me borrow it as soon as he finishes it, so
I'm hoping I can take a look at it for a future show.
I'll eventually get around to playing it.
I mean, it's just right now there's, like you said, too many things to play.
I'm trying to get rid of some of this, like, I looked at Crackdown, oh yeah, my copy of
Crackdown stopped working for some reason.
I fucking love Crackdown.
It refuses to work now.
What do you think about, I know you play a lot of RPGs, Xenocore, what do you think about
the conversation style in Mass Effect?
Is it really cool?
Is it something you'd like to see in more games?
Well, it's not anything different from what they've done previously.
It's still the same BioWare chat interface, they just put more visual cues and stuff in
it, so there's more interaction with the characters since everybody speaks, and there's more facial
animation so you can see emotion, but other than that, it's the same BioWare engine they've
always been using.
Nice.
All right.
Well, again, I'm like Loki, I didn't play the previous games, so Star Trek Amy.
You know what, guys?
I think I need to introduce you to Knights of the Old Republic, to Neverwinter Knights,
to Jade Empire, all these BioWare games that you haven't played.
None of those games I've played.
You need to.
And I gotta say, I realize there's a lot of folks listening to this show who think we're
experts on everything, but we're gamers just like you guys and we don't have time for everything,
but I definitely want to at least look at everything if I have a chance.
That's why I miss E3, because at E3 you can at least look at everything and kind of go,
yeah, I'm more interested in this or I'm not so interested in this, so yeah.
All right.
Well, Xenocore, anything else you want to share with our listeners tonight?
Yeah, just one other point on Mass Effect, the rover kicks ass.
I mean, the Warthog is shit now.
The Land Rover you get to use in Mass Effect is the new ride I want, man.
Interesting.
There's so much detail put into the way that vehicle just operates.
I can just drive it all day on the planets and stuff, it's great.
Very cool.
I mean, it's kind of interesting hearing about a lot of big games of the year getting compared
to Halo 3 where it looks like Halo 3 may not be the game of the year.
There's all these other games that are doing these other little things, whereas a lot of
folks kind of thought Halo 3 may take the ground.
It may not, but we'll see.
Yeah, it's because it's Halo 2.5 and not Halo 3.
That may be it right there.
All right.
Well, Xenocore, we got to let you go so we can get a couple more calls in before we go,
but thank you so much for calling, okay?
No problem.
Take it easy, guys.
All right.
Take care, buddy.
If you want to call in, 1-877-GAME-OLR or our username on Skype, OrangeLawnsRadio.
Don't be deterred if you go straight to voicemail.
If you're going straight to voicemail, it's just because we're on another call, so don't
cry if you get voicemail.
Meanwhile, some last-minute stories real quick if we have any.
Omega 5 is coming out on Xbox Live Arcade this week.
Oh.
Looking for a kick-ass shooter.
Wait, that's not the same thing as the Omega Warhawk expansion.
No.
Omega 5.
Oh.
It's a Hudson shooter.
Interesting.
All right.
Hello.
You're on OrangeLawnsRadio.
Who's this?
What's up?
This is Dillinger.
Hi, Dillinger.
I'm usually 3ama, but I kind of felt like a name change.
All right.
Well, hey.
You know what?
When it's your nickname, you have the right to do that.
You're a little bit quiet, so make sure you get a little closer to your mic and tell us
what's on your mind.
All right.
I wanted to talk a bit about Mario Galaxy.
I've basically been playing it over the entire Thanksgiving break, and I've got to say that
if you've got a Wii, you have to buy this game.
It is kind of childish, and it's a bit easy at the beginning, but once you really get
into the game, especially the later stuff, you only have to have... It's another one
of the... There's 120 stars that you can get, and you only have to have 60 to go to
the final boss, but the final 60 is just... It is better than everything else in the game.
It is better than a lot of the stuff in Mario 64, in my opinion.
There's some really innovative stuff in there.
I think that Mario Galaxy is basically the definite game to get for the Wii.
You know, it's kind of interesting because I can hear the excitement in your voice when
you're talking about games, and when you hear that excitement, it makes other people excited,
so certainly I liked the bits of Mario Galaxy that I have played so far.
I haven't bought the full game yet, but I'm kind of curious.
What did you think about the motion in that game, meaning like, you know how it was more
of a round environment?
I kind of thought it was a game where I'd be able to get disoriented very easily, even
more so than most 3D games.
Do you find that?
Was it kind of hard to kind of figure out where you were at in the game, or was it something
you just kind of pick up as you go?
Not really.
I found that you get used to it after a bit.
I mean, I've had a couple of friends over that have played it, my brothers played it,
and it's a little weird in the beginning, obviously, because you're getting used to
this whole new orientation, but after a little bit, you really get used to it.
Have you tried any of the co-op mode?
Because I know you said you had your friends over, and I noticed in a commercial I saw
the other day, they were really hyped in the co-op mode.
How is it?
Co-op isn't really anything great.
All that you can do is you can move your wiimote around and you can collect the stars for them,
or you can stun the enemies, or actually you can make them jump, so it's great, because
you can really mess around with your friends.
They'll be trying to jump somewhere, and you can tell them to jump earlier.
It's pretty stupid, but it's good for a lot.
Very cool.
Anything else on the Wii that you're looking forward to this holiday season, besides Super
World?
Trauma Center.
I'm a huge Trauma Center guy.
I loved Second Opinion.
I never played the DS one.
I sold my DS before it came out, but I'm really looking forward to New Blood.
I know it's already out, but I also really want to get Geometry Wars.
I played it once at my friend's house on Xbox, the 360 off of the live arcade or whatever
the hell it's called, and it was tons of fun.
I'm a really huge Gretsch guy, so I'm looking forward to that.
We interviewed the developers a couple weeks ago on the show, and it's going to be interesting,
because they are changing the way it works for the Wii, incorporating the motion control,
so I'm kind of excited to see how that works.
Oh, god.
Was that episode 251?
I don't remember which episode it was.
About three weeks ago.
Try 254, 253.
I think it was in there somewhere.
It's probably still on iTunes.
I vaguely remember you guys doing an interview in Part B of 251.
I don't remember if it was that or what, but yeah, it's somewhere in there, so check it
out.
What was the other thing I wanted to say?
Trauma Center is a game I like as well, and that reminds me, that's something I want to
look at, too, is the new Trauma Center game, because it's not just a DS port, like it was
actually made for the Wii.
Yeah, I heard it got good reviews.
Oh, I'm excited.
I got to check that out.
Above average reviews.
That was a great game for the Wii.
I will never forget, because I didn't really play the DS one either.
I kind of skipped it when it came on DS, but I played it on Wii.
I will never forget the first time you have to use the defibrillators, and you're like
clear, and you have to actually push towards the screen.
It's great.
I love Trauma Center.
I need to check that out, too.
All right.
Well, Dillinger, thanks so much for the call.
We've got to take a couple more calls, but any quick final thoughts for our listeners?
Quick final thoughts.
Dragon Force is the greatest band ever.
I mean, I freaked out when I heard that they were going to be in Guitar Hero 3, even though
I can't be through the fire and the plans aren't expert.
Rock on.
I agree.
Dragon Force is amazing.
I still want them on the show.
We'll see.
Maybe that'll be my Christmas present.
We'll see.
That'd be great.
All right.
We'll see you later.
It was nice to have you on the program.
You, too.
And have fun with Mario Galaxy, and good luck in getting all those 120 what-have-you stars
that are in that game.
It's nuts.
Any other last-minute stories you got for us, Logie?
There's one I forgot.
I didn't make show roll for some reason, but Night's Journey into Dreams is coming to the
PlayStation 2, the original Night's that was on the Saturn.
Nice.
You know, I think probably it didn't make the show roll because we had a short show
tonight, but I'm glad.
Well, I didn't put it on there, so.
Oh, well, then.
I forgot.
All right.
No, I do remember reading that, though, so very cool.
Let's go to one more call for tonight.
Hi, you're on Orange Lounge Radio.
Who's this?
Aww, caller, are you there?
You're on Orange Lounge Radio.
If you're there, say hello.
Hola, bienvenidos a Orange Lounge Radio.
Caller's not there.
Folks, you want to use Echo 1-2-3 to test your connection before you give us a call,
or you could just use a regular telephone as well.
That always works.
Always got to love when the last call tonight is something that fails.
Anyhow, let's go ahead and wrap up.
On that note, let's wrap up the show tonight.
So we're going to do our challenge on Op 11, yes?
We're going to do our crossbow challenge?
Yes, you're welcome.
Awesome.
Let's go around and hear everybody's final thought.
If there's no other last minute stories, let's go around and hear everybody's final
thought.
Drew, thanks for filling in tonight.
Sorry you got robbed of half a show, but come back.
Oh, I will.
I will.
And you did get to peek at what we have coming in 2008 out in the, well, we don't call it
a garage.
We call it a new studio.
What do you think?
It'll be interesting.
I am impressed.
I hope that it all goes well.
I hope so.
We'll see.
Did you change something since I last looked for it?
No.
It's kind of funny stuff, but kind of just explaining the concepts and what we hope to
have up.
So this would be very cool.
It's kind of like, remember when you and I shared a place, we had a lot of cool stuff
there we haven't had since?
Yeah.
Like a TV and stuff?
We had to destroy that.
We're going to have it back.
Oh, poor thing.
All right, your final thoughts.
Drew, did I get your final thoughts?
No.
Then what's your final thoughts, Drew?
I needs my wow.
Addict.
Loki.
I feel hot and I hope I don't have a fever because that would suck.
And my final thought is I want more pumpkin pie and then I don't like pumpkin coffee and
pumpkin everything.
I want pumpkin everything.
That's what I want.
All right, thank you very much for tuning in, supporting Orange Lounge Radio and downloading
us this week.
Remember, there is no part B this week, but we will be back next week with a full show.
Unfortunately, Dark Sakura won't be here, but you never know who will pop into the studio.
If you like what you've heard, please help spread the word of Independent Radio.
Tell some friends you know about the program or leave us a nice review on iTunes or Digg
or any of those sites.
We appreciate it.
Thanks a lot and we'll see you next time here on Orange Lounge Radio.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is an Orange Lounge production.
For more information on our live and podcast program, visit our website at www.orangeloungeradio.com.
See you next week.
