D
The following live program is a special presentation of Orange Lounge Radio.
on orange lounge radio episode 149 the aftermath of Loki's violent drunken
episode last week should be entertaining to get the follow-up on also be careful
because if you put out there something with four arrows it is possible the
Konami is going to sue you next we'll talk about that on tonight's show also
just the randomness you're used to from us isn't that right Jamie
Is your... Oh well, alright.
I mean...
Exactly.
All this and a follow-up story if she's sticking around on the Orange Lounge Radio lesbian for a little bit.
Geeks are hot.
Alright, alright, we'll get to that after this introduction.
Orange Lounge Radio is presented in the TMI sound format.
on
Oh God.
Call me daddy.
Orange Lounge may contain adult content.
Orange Lounge may contain many four-letter words.
Orange Lounge may contain a scene of nudity.
Orange Lounge may contain plenty of...
...b-b-b-b-cocky.
Just kidding. Orange Lounge Radio will not contain any of that in this episode.
Well, isn't that special?
Orange Lounge Radio Live is a fully interactive program via our website at www.orangeloungeradio.com
and now here are your hosts for Orange Lounge Radio Live, Dark Sakura, Skye and Loki.
We are live and this is episode number 149 for this July the 10th of 2005.
You're tuned in to Orange Lounge Radio, radio that gamers really want and this is Orange
Lounge Radio Live, your home for all the news and discussion on rhythm and music games as
well as the gamer community and the pop culture world.
We're plugged in and fully interactive through our website at www.orangeloungeradio.com.
My name is Rob Roberts.
You might know me as Sky.
Joining me, as always, are my awesome co-hosts in this corner, the happiest bunny on the
farm, Ms. Jamie Summers, Dark Sakura.
I'm not very happy today.
Sorry to hear that.
Didn't you have lots of larfs last night, though?
Well, yeah.
I just went and saw George Carlin.
Awesome.
We'll get the scoop on that during the how was your week, how was your day a bit.
Yep.
We'll find out what's bumming you out too, and if we need to, I'll have to give you a hug.
We'll give you a big hug.
Okay.
Okay.
Also joining us is Tech Massa Loki!
Yes.
Yeah.
Yeah, because our chat room loves to hear the two songs overlapping each other.
Very nice.
How are you doing, Tech Massa Loki?
I'm doing good.
I'm glad to hear that.
How are you feeling?
I'm fine.
Did you...
How many times did you ralph after the show was over?
Um...
I don't remember too much, whatever was here
and then that was it. Alright, we'll get to that a little later. Also,
joining us at least for a little bit, she's about to go run and get some ice cream,
but
the official lesbian of Orange Lounge Radio,
did we give you a nickname? Precious Amanda.
And Mandarin, or Manders, whatever.
But you have a follow-up to this, don't you? I'm not a lesbian anymore.
As the straight listeners
breathe a sigh of disappointment. What happened?
She wasn't very nice.
We didn't work out. She ruined it for everyone.
Pretty much. Chicks are still hot, but I have a boyfriend
and yeah. Alright. I like dick.
Alright. Go eat ice cream. I like the cod. Get off our show.
Bye.
Alright.
Also joining us, DDR Angel is here for the first time in a while.
God, I love her shirt too.
That's so hilarious.
Hi, I'm back.
Oh my God.
I love that shirt.
Where did you get that shirt?
Uh, thank you.com.
For those that, obviously this is radio, so you can't exactly see her shirt.
She's got a Domo-kun shirt on, but it's like all brown.
Oh, it's cute.
I like it.
Baby panda born.
Anyway.
Orange, meeting the news is a baby panda.
Alright, we will get to the baby, I read about that earlier, we'll get to the baby panda,
we'll get to Domo-kun, we'll get to post-drunkenness and randomness and games and whole lots more
when we come back after this break filled with some rump-shaking music.
We'll be back after this.
More Orange Lounge Radio.
Come on baby, let's dream a dream together. A dream that is real.
Don't die, don't die. Don't die, don't die. Don't die, don't die. Hey, hey, hey, hey.
Oh, one more time, come back with a new rhyme
Hey, here we go again, turn it up my friends
No, we don't stop, we rock the spot
No, we don't quit, get better, oh this is it
Do you like to dream? Hey, I like to dream baby
Do you like to dream? Oh, I like to dream mama
Do you like to scream? Hey, I like to scream baby
Do you like to scream? Oh, so scream it out
Dream on, dream number, check me in your place
Take me anywhere you feel, boy you're making me scream
Dream of dreams, now take me in your dreams
Take me anywhere you feel, boy you're making me scream
Dream of dreams, now take me in your dreams
Take me anywhere you feel, boy you're making me scream
Dream of dreams, now take me in your dreams
Ooh ladda disorder
Take me anywhere you feel, boy you're making me scream
If the baby in your chest, hey, wild for him.
Don't try it, boy.
Now bye, boy.
And if he don't change, he'll be crying, boy.
And something ain't right.
And you know it, boy.
That's probably why sheICES you're behind him, boy.
You got more hucci mommas and a Herle mold crew.
Now, who that is?
Now, who that is?
No.
Who that is?
My baby mama.
Now, who that is?
Yeah, my baby mama.
Now, who that is?
My baby mama.
Now, who that is?
My baby mama.
Now, who that is?
Yeah, my baby mama.
Oh, who that is?
My baby mama.
Now, yesterday you said you was witchy boy.
But I saw you and Dina so holin' to us
You know the girl that I'm talkin' about
That's right, I'm calling your story, but I
Now I think I'm about time the they put you in check
About who I'm texting at the local special
To you fellas this is just a game
Make it to the ladies trying to feel the name
Wanna be a bloodline and giddy, I'll break your neck if I catch a disease
Round town swords knees like a farmer
You better beware your baby-mama
Who dat is?
My baby mama
Now who dat is?
My baby mama
Now who dat is?
My baby mama
Now who dat is?
My baby mama
Now who dat is?
My baby mama
Now who dat is?
My baby mama
Now who that is?
My baby mama
Now who that is?
Baby mama
C'mon, c'mon!
Get up, stand up, touch up, touch the plumba
How you gonna be the attraction If you wanna stay to the wall
Ride yourself or see the reaction You got to get out the level, make the big fail
Get out, you know we got to go Get out, get out, dancing on top of the mall
Get up, stand up, touch up on the jungle Get up, stand up
You don't really wanna be on my nerves Come on now, get up and dance, dance, dance
Can't be sick of money, can't help it
And rent my feet to the mama, there's no fee
That's why
Get up, stand up, touch up, bump the drum
Get up, stand up, touch up, bump the drum
Get up, stand up, touch up, bump the drum
Get up, stand up
Orange Lounge Radio
Bimani Music
and more
We are back here on Orange Lounge Radio, episode number 149.
How you guys doing tonight?
Happy Sunday to you guys out there.
I can't believe it's already like mid-July.
Where did this year go?
It seems like it's just, I feel my age slipping away as the days keep flying by.
Is anyone else feeling incredibly old this evening?
Maybe it's just me.
No.
It's just you.
No.
All right.
Hey, Rob.
What?
Rob.
What?
Rob.
What?
Rob.
What?
Rob.
Bitch.
So?
Kisses?
Okay, um, first off, I want to thank, I want to thank Loki, I want to give hearts to Loki
because he got me a late birthday present, he bought me Kirby Canvas Curse, the DS, and
you can paint rainbows in that game, so I'm very excited to go paint me some rainbows,
so that'll be fun.
Thank you, Loki!
You're welcome.
As soon as I get paid, I can get your present, but I've been sort of busy moving.
Well, you did give me the seatbelts, and-
I gave you last year's present.
Those are pretty nifty, except I've kind of been afraid to actually put them in my car
because I'm afraid they'll get stolen.
But I'm going to put them in there now that the glass is replaced, I'm going to put them
in there because they just replaced my glass yesterday.
Cool.
So I just hope my freaking car doesn't get broken into again, except I will be getting
an alarm this week.
I've gotten some leads on some good deals and I'm very excited.
For those that are not sure where I'm going with this, my car was broken into.
I've lived in this new place where we're doing the show now about, what, about two and a
half months.
The car's been broken into twice in that span of time.
I've had two stereos stolen.
The first time, it was funny, because my stereo was actually broken.
So the thieves stole a broken stereo.
Second time, not so funny, because they stole a perfectly fine working stereo
and decided to break some glass.
And they screwed up the lock on my car.
So I have to climb my big butt over the passenger seat
every time I want to get in the car.
That's payback for having a broken stereo the first time
they broke into your car.
That's what everybody's telling me.
You were being watched.
I'm making a new volume.
No, you're fine. You sound great.
Just so you guys know, I have headphones now.
I finally replaced my headphones after like a month.
So I turned the in-studio down.
That's hardly fair to the rest of us because now I can't hear myself.
Do you want me to turn this up?
A little.
Okay, I thought you didn't like it when I...
Well, because you talk like you're screaming into the microphone.
Oh, I'm sorry.
You big old loudmouth.
We can leave the door unlocked for weeks and no one will come in.
I know you had the same luck I was having at your old place.
Because the old place I lived in was a big sack of shit.
That's the truth.
Now that you're not living there anymore, do you want to give them a shout-out?
Where not to move?
Never live at St. Tropez Apartments on the corner of Garfield and Marconi and...
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
of Garfield and Marconi in Carmichael. That place is a festering pile of dog crap with
worms in it. Even worse, it's the waste put off by a tapeworm. And tapeworms eat waste.
Alright, Stalker fans, she doesn't live there anymore, so it's waste squared. It's waste
times infinity. It's super waste. It's Ooberpoo! It's waste extreme. Uh-uh, no, it's Ooberpoo.
And a Miro presents, Pump It Up, Waste.
Hey, I saw Pump It Up, um, the new Pump It Up, in, uh, Vegas, in Reno.
Like, exceed five million, what are they up to?
I just sorta walked past it and go, huh, and then...
You didn't get up there and play some Run To You?
Actually, I don't think Run To You is a new one.
It's not in there. Therefore, it's no longer worth playing.
There's gotta be some K... I don't call it K-Pop, I call it K-Booty.
There's gotta be some K-Booty in there.
Um, no, I ended up winning plushies out of the Crane Games.
Oh, well that's fun too, I guess.
I have one of the Donkey Dragons from, you know, whatever spawn of Donkey and Dragon
from Shrek 2.
Oh.
I have one of the Donkey Dragons.
Cute.
And a Hello Kitty!
Aww.
I love Hello Kitty.
And I got, what else did I get?
I got one more.
Oh yeah, I played, you know those games where you play basketball, you know, you pay fifty
cents and if you hoop you get some type of plushie?
I got a plushie fish.
Cool.
So I beat Julie in the head with it.
Well, just because I felt inspired by our chat room with the, uh, slap command, I told
Julie that it was my homage to the radio station.
Your trout command?
Yeah.
Slaps Julie with a large trout?
It's slap.
Where is...
Julie hasn't been to the show for a while.
This is because Julie's lazy.
Julie, stop being lazy.
Come visit us.
We love you, Julie, but you're lazy.
Okay.
Thank you for driving, but next time I drive, because your car...
Lou's car is the suck going uphill.
She has to turn off the air conditioner.
Oh, it's one of those cars.
She's like, I love my fuel efficient car.
Fuel efficient, fuel efficient.
I like my car that accelerates up hills and doesn't lose speed.
And I don't have to turn off the air conditioner.
It may eat gas, but god damn it, my car is bad.
I drive the Renos a bitch, too.
All right, anyway, since you're already
kind of talking about your weekend,
I might as well ask you, how was your week?
How was your day, Dark Sakura?
It was awesome.
Well, my week was kind of, ugh, but the rest of the week was pretty cute.
So I saw George Carlin last night and he was freaking awesome, but all he did was talk
about suicide and natural disasters and how it was cool to watch people die.
I was like, okay, but it was really funny, but the thing that kind of got me is that
he was learning his new material for the 13th HBO special coming up and he kept reading
off paper the whole time I was like I feel kind of unprofessional but hey he's
been doing it for what 50 years he's entitled I guess um I also um you know
we went to the the nice places to eat at the silver legacy in Reno and every
freaking thing I ate made me sick so I've decided I'm never eating again but
you were chopping on nuts earlier nuts don't count yeah I like to eat nuts I
bet um but no my ways of combating it are basically I'm gonna be fasting for
the next three days like eating when I really have to and drinking like this
tea that's supposed to every and I think it's just because I think that I've got
like a toxic buildup or something and last time I did that I ate a lot of
garlic and drink this tea and drink a lot of water and it cleared everything up so hopefully
I won't have any nasty blood poisoning or anything. Hope not. I mean that could be kind
of dangerous but just take care of yourself. As I said earlier you might want to consult
the doctor. Yeah, I'm tired of going to the doctor. My butt's finally healed. I'm sorry
I'm sorry, my hip. Mostly.
Sounded a little foul there for a minute.
You know what?
What?
I'm going to throw this ferret at you.
Jamie's butt?
Rob?
What?
I got the finger.
Alright, anything else you want to share?
No.
Loki, how was your week, how was your day?
Um, it was good. I've been working, doing the work stuff, and... I don't know, I've just been kind of...
We went and met with another rabbi yesterday and found one, and guess what? He's an ex-pro-wrestler.
Why did he wrestle as?
I don't know, but it was a long time ago, like, you know, back in the day.
you know, back when professional wrestling was just coming about, not like, you know, WWE type stuff, but like, you know, back, you know, with spandex suits, you know, that type of thing.
So, um, yeah, ex-pro wrestler. That was kinda cool. And, um, then what else? Oh, just been, um, oh, I was sticking around the house and stuff, playing with my PSP, and doing things with the PSP that...
Playing with the PSP and doing things with the PSP?
They're borderline illegal, you know, that type of thing.
I see.
I have right now, I have games on my PSP and stuff, and a lot of fun stuff like that.
And then I've been playing games on my PlayStation 2, like I picked up Killer7, and that's sweet.
How is that? Well, I guess you can talk about it later on the podcast, but give me a brief rundown. How is that?
It's psychotic. It's the best way to describe it.
I'm really curious about that game. I want to pick that one up.
It plays well. Everyone's griping about the control scheme on it, but it reminds me of, like, almost like Alone in the Dark, in a sense.
But it's very, very psychotic, and I've only been playing it for, like, I'm only in the second level, and it makes little sense, but you sort of get what the story's going on.
Apparently, well, I can't really spoil anything, but based on some of the notes that you get
and stuff, it makes you feel like that you yourself are another one of his personalities,
the character that you're playing, who has seven different personalities.
And it's just psychotic, and there's a bunch of people that you talk to.
It reminds me also of kind of like a Japanese anime movie or something, because there's
this severed head that you talk to now and then, then there's this guy that helps you
who is like on some string, looks like a corpse.
There's some other dead guy that you talk to, a bunch of weird shit like that, and it's
just psychotic.
Just go play, it's fun.
Alright, I'm curious about this game.
There's not a whole lot of games that have come out lately.
I found myself very challenged this week trying to find something new, because I try to play
at least one new game every week for the podcast, so I have something new to talk about, but
there really wasn't a whole lot new for me to get this week, so I had to go get something
I would never usually play.
So, I'll get to that later though.
Anything else you want to share about your week here today?
Just that I've been playing a lot of PSP games.
I've got follow-up questions for you, though.
What happened after last week's show? I've got to know.
Your family was listening. How was the next day? How was the Fourth of July for you?
It was fine. They didn't really bring it up. It was just kind of funny.
And that was pretty much it. I didn't have a hangover. Just slept it off.
Just also a follow-up for our listeners, if you were listening last week.
you were listening last week.
Here's what actually happened, OK?
So every shot that I thought I was taking
was not exactly a shot.
Apparently, the glass I was using was not a shot glass.
It was a double shot glass.
And so it was kind of, and I was filling it to the brim.
So it was about two and a half shots per shot that I thought
I was taking.
So for example, in the beginning of the show, I'm
like, oh yeah, I'm down four shots.
I was actually down eight shots.
And so, by the end of the night, I think I was down 16 shots within about an hour, which is probably why I got sick.
Or 16 or more shots, because I was gone, and to the point where actually I don't remember parts of the night, so...
But, I remember most of it. It's just a lot of it's really fuzzy.
Do you remember just kind of sitting here, chilling, and then all of a sudden...
Yes!
I remember that.
We just got the stains cleaned up today. It's exciting.
I remember that. Probably didn't help that I had like a big heaping bowl of
ministering before I came over. That's just very acidic, especially on the carpet.
So just to clarify guys, every time Matt said he was taking a double shot, he was
actually having a double double shot, which is a quadruple shot, meaning when
he said he had 10 shots, he really had 20. We're surprised he didn't end up in the
hospital. So kids, here's the lesson to be learned. When
you're drinking, and you're the only one drinking from a
a bottle of vodka. When the bottle's halfway gone, that's a good clue to stop drinking.
The bottle was pretty much gone by the time I was done. So, yeah, but, you know, you should
stop, you should have stopped about halfway and then you would have had the, you know,
bleh. Well, I know from now on. And going is half the battle. The more you know. G.I.
go.
Alright.
So yeah, that's pretty much it.
I was surprised I didn't have a hangover.
Apparently I drank a lot of water here.
I don't remember any of that.
You did, you drank a lot of water.
I don't remember any of that.
We had to buy a new Brita filter because of you.
No, I'm kidding.
Honestly, I don't remember any of the drinking and water or pitchers or whatever, but I guess
I did, so yeah.
Alrighty.
Anything else?
The entire podcast, like I stated on the podcast, I did not remember any of the podcasts, so
I had to listen to it.
And what did you think when you were listening to it?
I thought it was interesting because I'd say the same thing like three times in a row in
all in one run-on sentence.
Yeah, which made last week's podcast our longest podcast to date, thank you very much.
It's like, you know, that game completely sucks.
And I gotta tell you, that game completely sucks. And that game completely sucks.
You know what? That's half the other video game podcasts out there, though. Honestly, if you listen to their reviews...
Not to knock on the other podcasts, but...
But I am.
But I am. Sorry.
Alright. Um...
What? What? You were gonna say something? Come on. Out with it.
I'm gonna be nice today.
Please, please, be mean, be vicious.
You are a lame-ass drunk.
See, that was funny.
All right.
The hell did you want me to do? Like, jump up in the air, fly, spit fire, what?
I don't know what the hell your expectations were.
Didn't you see it when Dark Soccer was doing that last week?
No?
No, because you were sitting there staring at your toes.
And me, I'm always on fire, so what can I say?
You look so hot.
I'm not gonna be...
Another round.
Um...
You know, I noticed during the pre-show that some folks from my old link show, and they're
probably trying to get me back, but I've gotta resist temptation.
Yeah, we were talking about that.
You know, I haven't cancelled my account for 5.5.11 or anything, so I can go back to that
when I find the disc and install them and stuff.
Do you want your World of Warcraft disc back, by the way?
No, it's okay.
I'll fix that later, too.
I'm also going to plan on picking up Guild Wars this week too, so yay!
Guild Wars was fun for me for like a week, and then I don't know, I just kinda...
I didn't get it at the most, too much.
That mic is screwy, we're going to have to replace it.
I saw Guild Wars in action, and I thought it was okay.
I don't care for the animation style in it.
There's things I really like about Guild Wars, and that is no monthly fee,
It's a very pretty looking game, and I like the, um, uh, like player versus player elements
are actually really fun, so it's not a bad game.
I just, for some reason, I could not immerse myself in that the way I could Final Fantasy.
I have a PSO.
I'm fine with PSO.
Alrighty.
And I got some DS games this week that I will probably touch on a little bit later, assuming
we get to play it um but uh medios and uh i got to watch a bunch of like uh well stuff
that's been around for a while we had a trial of a everquest 2 and so andrew was like trying
that out and i was watching that for a little bit and it's just you know i've just been
i've been in the game scene but out of the game scene at the same time if that makes
sense i don't know if i should admit this but i've actually been really curious about
I request to and I kind of want to try it out. I think PC gamer has like a trial disk or something anyway
What do you want to be fat and lazy?
Come on. No no no the funny thing about
Andrew trying the 30-day trial or not or whatever the little trial disk was as soon as he installed it as soon as he logged
In he looks at me with this you know Andrew look and he's like hmm slash pizza. I'm like shut up
It's funny
Is that slash pizza thing for real? I think so. We didn't try it though.
I was kind of hoping it was this big urban legend online or something.
No luck. Alright, my week and my day. Oh, I'm sorry. Is that it?
Yeah, that's it pretty much. My week and my day. It was okay. You know what, since I didn't really have
the car to drive around in me. I had a car but I couldn't really take it anywhere
because
it was not safe to leave in a parking lot with no window.
Besides my work parking lot because they have cameras there. I really didn't do an awful lot.
I just kind of sat on my big butt and you know sniff. I know actually I have a couple of my friends took me places
So I was able to get out of the house at least like once in a while, which is good
But some things I did while I was sitting at home all sad and lonely
Um, I I am obsessed with this program called Google Earth. Oh, yeah
I was playing with that last night and I downloaded it but I haven't done anything since I've been so busy. I
I seriously it is my new time waster like I will sit here and I will just go
on Google Earth here's what Google Earth is basically they bought this program or
this software called keyhole and now they're giving it away for three free
and basically what it is it's very similar to Google Maps how you have the
satellite views on Google Maps and it's fun to like try and find your house and
stuff but imagine that but like the size of the world like I was traveling to
Tokyo and I was looking at the maps of Tokyo and I was looking at Moscow and
like, all these crazy places, right? It's a way to, like, travel the world without leaving
your chair, which I'm sure would be a great marketing slogan for them, but I just, I find
myself fascinated just looking at different places. I'm like, I wonder what the border
to Mexico looks like, because I've never been there. And, like, I'll look along the Mexican
and border, see if I can see any people. No, I'm kidding. But...
The White House is pixeled out? Yeah, the White House is pixelated out, which
I think is very interesting. But it's also that way, if I remember right, on Google satellite
maps too because they don't want bad people to find it actually to add to
that like the second search Andrew did he was like hmm let's see if I could do
troop movements I'm like shut up he was just being silly but I mean like now I'm
using it no like I'm using Google Earth to do research like for instance neon FM
they had an address on their website like contact us if you want to be a beta
tester and I think it had an address on there so I was like I wonder if this is
some dude's apartment or if this is like a legit business so I put in the address
and Google her and I looked at it and I couldn't tell it was kind of like I
couldn't tell if it was it's either like it's either a business complex or it's
like duplexes type thing I don't know I I know that sounds very stalkerish but
I'm very curious as somebody who is is part of a art startup business ourselves
with Orange Lounge Radio kind of running it out of our apartments our address
though I can't say the address where we live over the air but it sounds very
corporate like the name of the street sounds like a street that would be
downtown we have an apartment number so I think when people hear it it's also
considering the location of what else is nearby true very true I actually live in
a very commercial district part of town so very interesting so people might
assume like when they see it on the business card like oh they're in a you
know nice office not out of some schmoes apartment so this is really curious if
that thing was being run out of somebody's apartment or duplex or if it
was a legit office.
I don't know.
Am I crazy?
Always, always crazy.
Oh, our chat room says it is an actual office building.
Sakurina says that.
And there's pictures of it on popnco.com.
See, I should have just done the research and followed the
links the old fashioned way.
That's not fun.
I had to Google Earth it, because Google
Earth is the new orange.
I don't know.
Google Earth is awesome.
Here's the thing, though.
You can't get it right now from Google's website
because they said too many people have
tried to download it.
But here's the trick.
Go to download.com and do a search for Google Earth,
and you can get it that way still.
Ha ha ha, fooled you, Google people.
It's so much fun.
I can't explain why it's so great.
It's just so fun to just look at different areas
and look at places I've traveled to and airports.
It's fun.
But warning, if you live in a rural area,
your satellite pictures probably aren't very good.
If you don't live within 50 miles of a major city,
probably is just a big blur what your house looks like so all right um there
was that and I have to I have to give a shout out to this because it's kind of
DDR related it's a it's a game that's really really popular over on the DDR
freak forums it's this game they play in random chat called the wolf game have
you guys ever seen this oh yes it's kind of neat it's a fun little game that they
play over in random chat and it's like I don't know how to I don't know how to
explain it. It's like Survivor meets the Salem Witch Trials. I don't know, I really
don't know how to explain it, but it's a forum game and it's kind of like you're trying to fool
people into thinking you're human, but three or four players, depending on the
game rules, are assigned to be a wolf and they're slowly killing off the other
players. And then everybody else gets to lynch one person. It's kind of crazy.
Go to DDR Free Granum Chat, look for any thread that starts with TWG and they've
got rules posted. I played my first game and I lost. I lost. I can, I can talk about it
now. Did you get lynched?
I did not get lynched. I was a wolf and I got hit by the vigilante. There was an auxiliary
role in the game. But the vigilante is a new thing.
It's kind of like, I don't think it existed in the first few games. But the vigilante
basically is a human that can take out any player at any time. And I got wasted and I
was so pissed off because I didn't even remember that the game had one of those. But, you know,
hats off to the guy that did it because basically he won it. See, he single-handedly won the
game for the human team, so hats off to that guy. So, but it's a fun game. I endorse that
forum game, although it took me like 36 games to finally jump in it. I thought it was fun,
so I don't know. I just want to give a shout out to that because I like cute little forum
games like that, so. Anyway, let's see. What else is there? Oh, I know. Let's have Orange
Orange Lounge Radio Movie Time. How's that sound?
Yay!
Hey, I'm bitter about movies right now, because nobody will go see Land of the Dead with me.
Aw, I'm sorry.
I'm sad.
Oh, I want to respond to some comments in the chat room there.
OrangeLoungeRadio.com, click on chat.
And if OrangeLoungeRadio.com is not working for you right now, some people are timing out when they hit it,
you can view our chat room the old-fashioned way.
connect to an other side IRC server. A good one would be, what's the one I'm on
right now here, it's IRC.introversion.net if you have an IRC client and then join
channel Orange Lounge. So that's that's the way to do it. But I did want to
respond to some folks in the chat room there. The wolf game is an adapted
version of another game called Mafia. Yeah, I forgot to mention that. So if you
played a game called Mafia. He played a very similar game. Also, I think this game started
in live action form. Like it's a popular live action role playing game. A LARP. It's a fun
one night LARP-er, I think. So, something to think about there. So you might be more
familiar with this game than you think. So, fun, fun, fun. Good times.
Would that be that stupid game Poison where you're like shaking hands and stuff?
I don't know. I've never played Poison.
there's one person that's like the thief or whatever
and they're shaking hands and after you shake hands with someone that's
basically, the way you shake in their hand you put your middle finger out and
like
touch their wrist or whatever while you're doing it kind of like you know
it's basically like you're injecting them with
poison and then 10 seconds after you do that or whatever or like
there's so much of a delay then they fall over and die
and it's a drama game that you used to play and then you're supposed to figure out who the
a thief is, or whatever. Somewhat similar. It's a slightly different setup, the game
I played, but it's similar. Similar idea. You're on the right track. All right. Only
LARP I ever did was Vampire. I never played a LARP. I played D&D in high school, like
a couple times. I wasn't like a total dork, but I had- Hey! I was a- No, but I'm just-
What dork you ever begun to do? I'm still doing tabletop gaming. There's not a problem
Hey, Dork Pride, yo.
I'm playing Buffy.
Buffy TV.
Please, please, come on.
You have to admit, Buffy roleplay is a little bit dorky.
But it's fun.
That's fine.
It's done like a TV episode, it's great.
As somebody who co-hosts an internet radio show dedicated to DDR, that's fine.
Don't make me go grudge on you.
Now I'm having a problem finding that video I wanted to show you guys, I'm so upset.
What else is new, Rob?
Speaking of problems.
Oh, I found it.
Okay, so we love to do Orange Launch Radio movie time because it's really funny because
we're a radio show.
You guys can't see the movie.
But the audio on this will say it all.
So what we're going to look at is a download that's available on ebombsworld.com.
It's a very popular site. It's a corporate training video for sexual harassment.
I don't know if you guys have seen this, but it's fucking funny.
I think I know what this is.
It's probably Dave Chappelle.
Listen to this.
You hear about sexual harassment on TV, and it makes the headlines in newspapers.
As an employee, what do you need to know about it?
First, sexual harassment is against the law.
And it's against your company's policy.
So, what is sexual harassment?
Linda, you are doing a fine job here.
Oh, well, thank you, Steve.
But you know, you might try dressing a little sexier at work.
I'm sorry?
I mean, we're talking about your job here.
Angel, I want you to dress a little more sexier.
There may be physical harassment.
Wow.
You're really tense today, Nancy.
Ow, Bill.
Sorry.
Dude, Bill has no sense of hot.
I really don't like it when you do that. Can you please stop?
Dude, Bill, that's a dude.
I'd be decking him. Because she looks like she's going to cry.
Bill, that's a dude! Verbal has to be great.
Word around the office is you've got a fat cock.
Yes, I do.
I've got a fat cock too.
Maybe we should rub our fat cocks together sometime.
Maybe a little oil.
Two fat cocks.
together, oil.
It might be visual harassment such as derogatory posters,
cartoons, or drawings.
They have a little inflated penis on the desk.
It may be the result of a power struggle between a manager and a subordinate.
Man, I could go for a power fuck right now.
change is slow and what was acceptable and here's the best part is the best part
of the whole video ago can now be sexual harassment
smells like vagina in here excuse me smells like fresh vagina in here are you
talking about my vagina maybe everyone wants to be treated fairly and with
respect are you talking about my vagina with the courtesy and respect that you
you want for yourself. It's your company's policy, and it's the law.
Ebaumsworld.com, E-B-A-U-M-S world dot com. Funniest damn thing I've seen all week, honestly.
That was great. Seriously, it's basically what they did. I think they spliced, like,
a real video with those, like, fake clips. Funny. Funny stuff. Love it.
I'm... we're gonna pass it around at work now.
Are you talking about my vagina?
Maybe. Thank you, Paul, if you're listening. Paul's the one who sent that to me.
What a nice guy. I've seen that one. Alright. For those of you guys that were good
enough to sit through that Orange Lawns Radio Movie Time, I've got a special treat for
you. We have
a new song from We Love Katamari,
the Japanese version. A buddy of mine picked it up and did a rip
of the opening song. So you want to hear what this sounds like? One of the new songs from
We Heart Katamari?
Please, here it is. It's only a minute long, it's the introduction, here it is.
I can't reach the sunshine
Na na na na na na na na na na
Katamari on the swing
Na na na na na na na na na na
Katamari on the swing
Iwa, hajima, luyo, iwi, ito
Fuck it all, yeah, you can't lose my love, baby
Seriously, you can't.
You can't.
The sequels are never as good as the original.
Well, the game might.
Games are sometimes the exception of the rule there.
Anyway, let me play just a little clip.
This song is like six and a half minutes long, so I'm not
going to subject you to this whole thing.
But you have to hear this.
This sounds like a guy that did a bunch of DER songs.
It's not.
It's actually a different guy.
But this is a Japanese beatboxer guy.
And this is the training music in We Heart Katamari.
I'm only going to play a little clip of this, because
it's very long.
but here it is
All right, you guys get the idea.
I think that's funny, that's so cute.
I need that.
So that's the training mode.
I'll send it to you later.
For those of you guys, we have this poor guy in the chat room that's like,
what is Katamari?
What the hell is this?
It was kind of a, I guess you'd call it a sleeper hit on the PlayStation 2,
Katamari Damacy.
Concept is, you're this little guy and you have a big ball and you roll it
around and your ball is sticky and it just picks everything up.
So you start out and you're rolling over like gumdrops and thumbtacks,
And then suddenly you're running over small animals and like then you're running over people and cars and cities and rainbows
It's beautiful beautiful game. Um, I can't really call it like an underground hit now because I think tons of people found out about this
Game, it's almost mainstream now. I wanted to say though about that Japanese beatboxing
It totally reminds me, that song there, of something from Bjork's latest album.
This is the whole Bjork album. I don't know when I heard that, I was like, I don't know.
Forget it.
Just a word to our listeners. I posted in the chatroom the Japanese katamari damashi.
Minagareisuki katamari damashi is up.
And what does that translate to in English?
Everybody loves katamari.
Beautiful game, beautiful game.
Alright, so we'll be looking at that. Oh, I love this. Our chatroom is going,
going, um, I have a fat katamari. We should rub our katamaris together sometime. It smells
like katamari in here. Is that your katamari? Maybe. Oh, chat room, you so funny. You so
funny. Me laugh longer. Oh, I actually like the, it's the flashlight. It's kind of cute.
Alright. Information. Oh, it's about time we start talking about that four panel dancing
Alright, you want to get into the news? Fine, we'll get into the news.
Alright, so, if you haven't heard yet, you might remember when we were talking about this on the show a few weeks ago, because it was huge news.
And that was when Konami first filed the suit against, I keep wanting to say Anamiro, but that's not true, it's Rockzor Games, against In the Groove.
and most people were saying that it has to do with the fact
that what the box or the system that runs in the groove does is it kind of
stows away in a regular DDR machine and Konami was saying that this was
infringing on their trademarks and their patents because people would
apply the in the groove stickers but they do a sloppy job of it so you would still see
distinctive parts of a DDR machine underneath
and it's ruining DDR because in the groove according to the lawsuit you may
feel differently
is a subpar game and they're saying that you know that is
basically their lawsuit is that lazy arcade owners
could ineffectiveness make people think that this in the group game is like DDR
when in fact the games
while similar in concept to those of us hardcore fans we know the two games
definitely have their distinctive differences. And a lot of people said this
lawsuit is about the arcade only, it's not going to affect the home version, nothing's going to
happen
and I remember sitting here on the show and I said boys and girls there is an
important part of this lawsuit that addresses something called trade dress
and that one of the little things that they were suing on was the trade dress
saying that in the group not only was stowing away the machines but the game
itself looked like felt like DDR but I don't know people just seem to ignore
that they were saying arcane only arcane only well sure enough a an amended
version of the lawsuit was filed against Roxor on July 1st and now they've
included red octane as part of their lawsuit and they actually have a press
release over on their site we have it linked from our site over at orange
lounge radio.com basically what it's saying is that um where is it where is
it oh that's the original lawsuit I'm looking at I want to look at the new one
let's see here we go it says in addition to the prior counts of the original
complaint in which Konami seeks an injunction and damages against rock
source in the groove arcade dance simulation game the amended complaint
encompasses the recently released home version of rock source in the groove
game the amended complaint further includes patent infringement complaints
against red octane which is the publisher of the home version of in the
groove so very interesting before we get to the second part of this very
interesting because you know this isn't just about the arcade mixes anymore this
is about in the groove is too damn much like DDR basically is what this boils
sound in my opinion. No! We haven't seen, yeah I know, no shit huh? We haven't seen
the specific court documentations yet. Last time DDR Freak went into the government systems
and actually pulled the original files out. They haven't done that yet for this amendment.
I don't know if it doesn't exist. You can't find it. I will hunt for it later on because
I think I know where to go. See if we can find it. But we don't have the exact document
so we haven't been able to read in too much besides what Konami's press release is saying
which of course is one-sided. But the interesting part about this, they didn't
just file against Red Octane. The sentence I was reading goes on to say
they have also complained against Mad Cats, which is the publisher of the game
MC Groove's Dance Craze. All these additional counts are based upon the
accused game's infringement of Konami's patent rights in its Dance Dance
Revolution arcade game. Now what's interesting about this, those of you guys
that have played the Mad Cats game or even looked at screenshots and know
something about it know that yes it's a dance game but it's the sim the
differences between the dance dance craze and DDR I think are a little more
so than the differences between in the groove and DDR because of the fact that
MC grooves dance craze basically sucks my balls I mean it's an awful game long
version song steps that don't even go to the beat they switch the order of the
arrows and they have that gyroscope motors I don't know what the hell it was
it was a piece of crap but they're getting sued now too over this which is very
interesting needless to say the crack smoking mode I guess what do you guys
think about this I know you guys had very strong opinions the first time
around I'm sure this just reinforces those but I'm curious I was waiting for
it to happen I was really waiting for it to happen and pretty much glad glad it is
so far you know that's honestly these people think that just because Konami is
sitting on their ass not getting our games out means that they can do it for them, but
hopefully I have a vague hope that this lights the fire under Konami to realize, hey, we
need new releases.
Well, they're doing a lot for the home, and I'm kind of...
No, we need arcade mixes.
I'm not going to disagree with you.
We need new arcade mixes, definitely.
Konami's focus is the home release right now and they are making a lot of money
off the home releases and I think they're trying to protect that which
makes sense to me. I said before and I'll say it again that I'm convinced that the
reason why this whole thing happened in the first place is because In the Groove
crossed that line and decided to invade the home market which is Konami's turf
right now so this whole thing I think we've been working up to this the whole
time. This doesn't surprise me one bit and I think even the In the Groove
hardcore fan base the rabid fam is even I think at least from the reaction I'm
reading on DDR freaks forums even they're starting to say you know what
yeah okay it's no big surprise but the big beef that I'm hearing from the in
the groove crowd tell me what you guys think about this is the fact that Konami
is not releasing product anymore here's rocks or attempting to improve upon that
product despite how you feel about in the groove itself they are attempt
attempting to keep it going in the arcade they're trying to fill a void and
make money at the same time.
I mean, I really think that that's it.
I think, though, I'm of the school of thought, though,
that while the rock sore corporate group may be in this
for the money, I think the people that started this whole
thing, I mean, they were DDR fans when they started it.
I think they had good intentions at heart.
I think they wanted to keep the arcade's fan base alive.
And they really wanted to keep this game going, because it
didn't seem like Konami gave a crap anymore.
So I think they had the best intentions at heart, I just think it's one of those things
where it might have gotten too far ahead of itself.
It's a fan thing that rolled down the hill too fast and just became bigger than it could
handle.
I don't know, that's my take on it all.
So what do you guys think, Loki?
I think the game still sucks and they're not going to make any money and Rockstar's going
under.
No, I haven't played this MCDanceCrate thing, but it's like, basically it comes down to this, it boils down to this. It's very similar to DDR, like, pretty much, you know, it's reskinned DDR as you want to call it. But then again, you have to also go into, like, look at the fighting games out there. I mean, Street Fighter and Mortal Kombat and stuff, they're not that different. They're pretty similar. But I guess they're different enough to where they can't sue each other over that type of stuff.
So what people need to do out there now is if you want to make a music game, feel free to do so, but just make it different enough to where people aren't, you know, I mean, come on, they weren't even trying within the groove at all to make it any different from, I mean, they're adding stuff to it, whoopity-doo, and they made the arrows come not quite straight up, but you can change them so they're that way, and they sort of change the way the arrows look. That's not enough.
That's like, you know, taking a Honda Civic out there, painting it a different color, and adding a spoiler to it, and calling it, you know, a, uh, a, um, Loki's Fast Car, you know, or something like that. It doesn't work. It's the same damn thing. So that's why I think about that.
Angel, as someone who I think, I get the impression from you anyway, you respect both games and
you, you, you, you're kinda like me, I'm, I'm, I'm not like whoop-a-dee-doo over in
the groove, but for me it's filling a void that Konami isn't giving us right now with
the arcade mixes and I'm, I'm content with it, um, it's, it's, it's there, I play it,
it's cool, I love the USB support, but I completely understand where Konami's coming from on this,
I think they're just protecting their own shit, what do you think about this?
No, no, no. He hit the nail on the head there and I do, you know, I do agree with Jamie as far as, you know, I knew it was going to happen. It was just a matter of when and it's happened now. So, you know, we just got to wait to see what happens. But I do think that Redoctane is still selling it on their site as far as I know or as far as I've seen. I don't know.
Yeah, you might want to, seriously, you might want to run out and get this game.
Might want to run out and get it now.
It could be a collector's item, but nothing else, that's for sure.
Yeah, so, um, yeah, so, you know, Rob's right, just pick it up if you haven't picked it up yet, if you think it's, you know, not going to be sold anymore because of the whole, this whole thing, so, yeah.
I mean, I pretty much, I have respect for both games, so I can't really say much, but I knew it was going to happen eventually.
I think you're kinda the same school of thought that I am.
Yeah. But who the hell wants to play that Mad Catz game anyway? Ew!
I know, the Mad Catz thing is kind of a weird curveball in this whole thing. Anything with the Mad Catz name on it is a festering
pile of dog poo, just like my old apartment complex.
I think the Mad Catz thing throws a very interesting curveball into this whole thing
because I think what every
everybody is noticing is that Andamiro, not named in this whole thing, but of
course you have to remember
Anemiro and Konami kind of have this history of going back and forth and they
settled supposedly a long time ago so this is why Anemiro is not being touched
which is interesting because now people are going how does this affect In the Groove 2?
honestly people I don't know and I'm not going to speculate anymore
I don't know how this is going to affect In the Groove 2 and you know what you don't either
nobody does we'll find out a lot of it has to do with how this is going to go
So, I kind of refuse to speculate anymore on what's going to happen with In the Groove 2,
because this whole thing has become such a damn mess that it's hard to say what's going to happen.
Just play the game while you can and hope it's still there tomorrow. Enjoy it while it lasts.
And if it lasts a long time, great. I guess that's all I can say on that.
Any other thoughts? Is this going to make you low-key finally run out and get a copy of In the Groove
so you can have a home mix of it?
Yo, honestly, I thought about doing that today to pick up In The Groove just so I can play it and officially say I hate it.
Um, and then, then, then sign on the actual, and I'm probably still gonna do this.
I'm gonna get a copy of In The Groove, say I hate it after I review it, and I know I will hate it.
And then I will officially sign the copy with, this game fucking sucks, and then we'll give it away on the show.
Okay, if you say so.
That's what we're gonna do. I'm planning on... I'll go pick one up this week, honestly.
Jamie, sound like a giveaway idea to you?
Why not? I'll sign on it. Um, I would...
I don't know, I wouldn't want to...
Don't worry, you have a week to think about what you will say.
Alright, we'll all put something on there. I will put something borderline respectful, at least, on here, unlike some people.
Dude, this game smells like vagina.
You guys are awful.
It'll be a collector's item.
I know.
I'll go on eBay.
Are you talking about...
I'll make even...
I'll write comments in the manual too, you know, saying, this game is no way like DDR!
What are you talking about?
Anyways.
Loki, Loki, Loki.
Alright, so, either way, somebody's going to be pissed off, no matter what the result
of this thing.
I mean, even if In the Groove keeps going on, the DDR fans will be pissed off, and if
the In The Groove production stops, the In The Groove fans will be pissed off.
Do you think, though, that if Konami turns out another arcade mix, that it'll appease
people and maybe they'll go, oh, OK, so Konami was working on something this whole time,
now this whole lawsuit makes sense?
Do you think that's going to appease people?
Of course, nothing's going to appease everybody.
They're going to have to, honestly, because they're going to get a lot of pretty outraged
meal over this.
They're going to have to do something drastic.
Honestly, they want to keep your fan base. You know what, I want to bring up a tip that
was brought up probably about 100 episodes ago by our one and only DarkSakura. And she
says if you really want your voice to count when it comes to dealing with Konami and you
want to tell them that you want to see a new arcade mix and all this stuff, buy stock in
the company. Because now when you write letters you can write them as a shareholder. Exactly.
And they have a legal responsibility to keep their shareholders happy.
And their stock prices are pretty, uh, level right now.
They're not going up or down, so.
Actually it's a decent investment.
You'll at least stay stationary.
Alright, just something to think about.
Alright kids, I think we'll go to a break and we'll come back and we'll take your calls
on this issue if anybody wants to talk to us about it.
Loki, and then some other news.
You know what I'm pissed off about?
What?
The guy game.
They pulled it off the market completely.
Even the PC version.
DVD out there with all the new cutscenes in it.
That's not a surprise. I thought they pulled this thing months ago.
But my copy that...
my purchase copy
doesn't work anymore beyond a certain stage. So I can only play the same levels over and
over again.
We can find it on eBay. It's supposed to be several hundred dollars.
Ohhhh. Seventeen-year-old titties.
Alright.
In this break, to be fair, we will play some music from In the Groove 2 because we
actually haven't played any of the new music from In The Groove 2, so one of our
listeners, Misty, was kind enough to hook me up, so to speak. So we're gonna play
three new tracks from In The Groove 2. We're gonna play Energizer, Vorsprung,
Durch, Techno, and Summer, the Speedy Mix. We're gonna play these songs and check
it out, and then we'll be back with your calls in regards to this recent
development in the lawsuit world. We'll be back after this. More Orange Launch Radio.
I will not let you go.
I will not let you go.
Hey! Hey!
Hey!
Oh
What is the Orange Lounge Radio To Go Edition?
It's all the news that video gamers really want to know about.
Yeah, it's all about the news about games that don't suck.
Well, what's a podcast?
It's a recorded show that you can subscribe to, so you always get the news first.
And you don't have to have an iPod to listen to it either.
Winamp, Windows Media Player, it's all good.
I'm Rob Roberts, and every week on the Orange Lounge Radio To Go Edition, I'll bring you
news about what's going on in the gaming world. From next generation gaming to current classics
you know and love, we'll give you the news and talk about the effects the news can have
on the scene.
I'm Jamie Summers, and every week on Orange Lounge I'll be here to give you my honest
input on the news. When gaming lawsuits are the issue or a new law is on the table that
could affect the gaming world, we'll be here to help you understand how the result could
affect you. Also, tune in for my advice column every week, because gamers, if you stay indoors
and play video games all day long, you'll never be able to go out and get laid.
I'm Loki, and every week on Orange Lounge Radio To Go, I'll keep you posted on the latest
in gaming gear, from hacks to mods, to crack to emulation.
We'll be here to give you an uncensored view of what people on the internet are up to,
and tune in to find out what geeks of the world install Linux on next.
Join us at www.orangeloungeradio.com for all the information you need to subscribe to our
show.
Click on the link This Is Orange Lounge Radio To Go on the left side of the page for all
the info you need.
And send us an email if you have any comments or suggestions to go at Orangelaunchradio.com.
Hey, how do you like that? A little plug there for our podcast. Hope you guys are checking that out over at Orangelaunchradio.com.
Now you can get it in iTunes as well. It's super.
We are becoming Apple-ized.
Yeah, you know, and I'm thinking about buying an Apple laptop too. I'm slowly converting to the Mac way.
Don't you even open your damn mouth, Loki.
That's okay. My next computer, I'm actually going to be building a new PC, but the next one I actually buy pieced is going to be one of the Mac Mini G5s.
Don't worry, I'm not knocking your, you know, perspective purchase of a Mac product. In fact, I was actually thinking of doing my own infomercial for, you know, Macintosh and Apple products.
Uh-huh.
it goes a little something like this
do you like stuff that's pretty but does absolutely nothing that apple is for you
because my computer purchases are based on color and not performance
i like stuff that's smooth and shiny
okay and then they could sell microsoft windows
hey kids do you like spyware
no i'm sorry that's internet explorer
you know what
what
if you work in graphics
video editing, anything that has to do with audio-visual, a Mac is for you.
That was a long time ago, not anymore.
I beg to differ.
I beg to differ as well.
After having done my Photoshop homework on a top-line PC and then gone back and doing
all my touch-ups on a G5, oh yeah, world of difference.
To answer a question in chat room, a 15-inch PowerBook.
That's why I nicknamed my penis.
I'm kidding, I'm kidding.
I didn't hear that. Okay, I did. Never mind.
Let's go back to the previous topic we were talking here.
We actually had a question from our chatroom during the break here about this whole lawsuit issue.
Darkknight wanted to know, hey Sky, just a thought. With this revised lawsuit, what about Guitar Hero?
Since Red Octane is publishing that game, do you think Konami will go after that as well?
No. No. If Red Octane is still in business after this, which I think they will be, I
don't think this is going to set them back too far, I don't think this is going to affect
Guitar Hero at all. Had Red Octane stayed as a third party peripheral, I don't think
Konami would have had a problem with them at all. They stepped on the toes. That's another
very interesting thing about this whole lawsuit. Konami really hasn't been putting out their
own pads I mean sure there's bundle packs but let's face it most of us are
getting our pads from either red octane mad cats or one of those other countless
DDR pad companies but mad cats and red octane admittedly being the two biggest
Konami suing both of them now are they gonna say well F you Konami we're not
gonna make these pads anymore see they've gone from being like protective
footwear to being platform shoes that step on the toes of Konami honestly
though come on now red octane oh I did not know that in the groove was anything
like DDR no come on they knew what they're getting into when they you know
decided to go ahead and publish these games I mean it's retarded to say
otherwise and honestly they're not gonna sue them over guitar hero because a
guitar hero is different enough from guitar freaks to be you know its own
game it's more like amplitude yeah exactly since harmonix is developing it
it's all coach yeah exactly so I'm all for that because it actually looks good
They're doing stuff to improve the game. It doesn't you know try to you know copy something else
So and of course our two of them our chat room now. I have a fat lawsuit. Let's rub our lawsuits together some time
Lawsuit it sounds like fresh lawsuit in here. Is that your lawsuit?
Skypline is open boys and girls if you would like to talk to us live
Pick up the phone!
Head on over to our chat room, www.orangeloungeradio.com,
and click on interact with us.
And that laughter there means we've already picked up a call.
So hi, you're on Orange Lounge Radio.
Who dis?
It's Ron-Chan.
Who you think it is?
Hello, Ron-Chan.
We'll see I can tell by the icon,
but the radio bit that we do is we
play stupid so that you introduce yourself
to our listeners.
That's how it works.
All right.
Hello.
Hey, Oak-Chan.
Ron-Chan.
What is up, dude?
What is up with Konami?
I swear, it's like they're trying to violate their fanbase or something
like that.
That's how I honestly feel.
You're a little bit choppy, but I'm going to interpret for those
that might have missed it there.
Basically, Rama's saying that they're violating their fanbase
with this whole thing.
I agree to an extent that they're pissing a lot of people off with this,
but at the same time, don't they have a right to protect what's theirs?
Yes, they do.
And it's sort of like, they want to be the granddaddy of the dancing games.
Now, here comes a bunch of new guys come along with something, and they're like, oh no, you
can't have that.
You must play our game only.
Not theirs.
Well, but considering they did invent DDR, I mean, you could go back and say, well, there
was dance aerobics, but I, you know, BS, DDR is its own thing.
I think they're just kind of protecting what's theirs, and I think what kind of ticks people
off is that this is where people get pissed off.
In The Groove probably, I may get yelled at for saying this, but In The Groove probably
wouldn't exist if Konami had continued to put out arcade releases.
Agreed or disagree?
You are correct.
I agree with you.
Yeah.
So, in a sense, I think where people get pissed off is that they feel like Konami abandoned
us.
Even though they've been doing home mixes, let's face it, the reason why the fan base
is so large is because we had arcade tournaments and arcade freestyle competitions, all these
things going on in the arcade.
We were not doing this stuff in our houses.
We're doing it now because we don't have any other choice, but this whole thing started
because of the arcades.
And the home versions, as good as they've been, are not the same thing.
Remember when we all used to go to Roseville Golf Land on Wednesday nights, back when Roseville
Golf Land was cool, and we used to play DDR, we had a good old time.
You can't get that same feeling with a home mix, and there's people all across the nation
like we are that did that, and we're all excited when Max 2 came out, because you had the new
songs unlocked, and Konami, in a sense, abandoned this.
But okay, now to even further contradict myself, or whatever you want to say, at the same time,
we were never supposed to have those games in the first place, ideally, because they
were Japanese mixes.
We weren't supposed to have them in the first place.
But I think Konami was turning a blind eye to the whole thing because it sold home mixes
for them.
That's how it all boils down, in my opinion.
Yeah, and they were making money off the import games being sold over here, too.
That's all it was.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Although, but then let's look at the reality of this, though.
Let's look at where DDR is at now.
Where is DDR making all the money now?
DDR is making all its money on the home mixes, right?
Konami sends out this press release in January saying, hey,
look how big our dick is.
We sold a million copies of the home versions of DDR today.
We are so freaking rad.
So Konami's bread and butter right now is the home mixes of DDR.
So now here comes this game that's infringing on the home mixes, which we'll refer to as
I can't believe it's not butter, and now Konami's ticked off.
I think that's just kind of where this all boils down from.
But the percentage of people who are arcade rabid fandom-ness is actually, even though
consider the DDR Freak has 50,000 members. ITG Freak, not as many. Like it or not,
well I don't know how many members of ITG Freak there are offhand, but let me
just say, let's say 10,000. I know I think I might be overdoing it for him a little
bit. Let's say ITG Freak has 10,000. 10,000 out of a million is still 1%.
Konami can piss off 1% of its fan base and cut their losses, because Extreme 2
UltraMix II and UltraMix III stand to be so big that I think things are only going to get better for them.
I don't know. That's just kind of my perspective on it.
Yeah, and I completely agree with your perspective. See, personally, I'm not an ICG freak. I'm not a fanboy.
I like both games. I have the mixes on both sides, and I enjoy playing them, you know?
Overall, if it wasn't for the fact that the fans were screaming for more DDR,
and the group wouldn't even be here right now. I just feel that
you're right, Konami did ignore the fans for a while
some guys came along to do something, it just gave them a reason to
basically they just woke the sleeping bear
by the way I way overshot it just under 2,000 members on itgfreak.com right now
hell no. Well shit. So I mean look at that
I mean one-fifth of a percent
So Konami can cut their losses by pissing off, assuming every single one of those people are pissed off, which they're not, I'm a member of itgfreak.com, I'm not pissed off, but I respect In The Groove, I respect what In The Groove was built on, it was guys like us who happen to have a little programming knowledge, who wanted, I mean, let's face it, we all have, oh god, now I'm like going off on this, we've all expressed our love for these dance games, if you want to call it that, in different ways.
ways. Myself, Loki Dark Soccer, we have a radio program, right? It's a damn good thing
that my DDREX2 never took off. These guys used what they had to build an arcade mix,
and that was how they were going to continue on with it. So I respect where In the Groove
came from, and they wanted to improve on the things they thought needed improving, and
despite the way some of us feel about the game, to these guys it's an improvement on
the game the problem is is it just I think got carried away and money will do
amazing things to people and I think there was a little bit and I I apologize
to anybody that might be on the ITG team that might be offended by this comment
but I think there was a little bit of cockiness on their end that they were
gonna get away with this for forever because and I say that because on the
message boards for the longest time people would say how is this legal and
And the response would be, shut up, it is.
And now Konami's calling their bluff.
All right.
Now here's my next question, something I said, somebody has mentioned in the chat room earlier.
Now that Konami's going after Red Octane and Mad Catz, do you think they'll also go after
the creators of Step Mania, even though it's something free to give away?
Technically, they kind of already are, if you want to go in the school of thought that
in the Groove is based off of StepMania, but as for the StepMania PC itself, I don't think
they're going to. I think because of the fact that StepMania is open source and they're
not making a dime off it, I think it makes it a little harder to get, if you know what
I mean. And I think, again, StepMania is so underground, they're not putting StepMania
in stores. So I think for that reason, StepMania has been able to stay under the radar, even
Even though most of the Rabid fanbase knows about it, StepMania in many senses is still
a little bit under the radar when it comes into the whole big corporate scheme of things.
So I think they've been able to dodge the bullet for a while now and I don't see them
suddenly becoming a target, but the minute they try to make money off of it, I think
it will be a target.
And you're right, Loki.
It's probably for the best that your machine never did take off because you'd be in the
same boat right now.
Actually, no, it wouldn't matter because it's one arcade.
It'd be their fault.
if it took off and etcetera. So, I'm not that dumb.
So any other thoughts for us, Rama? Well, I'll tell you this, the way this lawsuit
is going, if Konami says cease and desist on ITG, those copies are going to be worth
a lot of money in the next few weeks. It's going to be the new Tengan Tetris is
what it is. Exactly what I was thinking.
All right. Well, have a good one, Rama. Thanks for giving us a call and giving us your opinion.
We appreciate it, okay? From?
Later!
Later!
Speaking of Rama, I think he's one of our East Coast listeners, in fact I know he is,
one of our East Coast listeners, and that reminds me, I was going to mention this, by
the way, our Skype line is open, orangelaunchradio.com, click on interact with us, and you too can
give us a call on the Skype line.
That reminds me, I'm actually going to be out there for a DDR tournament, and get this,
I haven't been to, it's actually a DDR slash in the group tournament, and get this, I haven't
been to like a DDR tournament since March Madness, like last year, so it's been a long
time, but I figured since I'm going to be on the East Coast anyway for work-related
things my day job I might as well go ahead and say hello to the folks at the
tournament on the East Coast so assuming that this tournament actually happens
because there hasn't been a whole lot of activity on the forums but I'm planning
on it it's taken place over at 8 on the break and it's happening on August 7th
and it's called what is the cotc3 champions of the coast is what it's
called that's happening at 8 on the break on August 7th I will be there
signing autographs and taking pictures. No, I'm kidding. You guys don't care, but I do
want to meet some of our East Coast listeners, so if you're in the area, stop
on by and say hello. I have an idea for a game. It's called Hyper Italian Siblings.
It's basically gonna be a platform game, you know, starring two, you know, funny, you
know, air conditioning repairmen, and they're gonna be saving some chick in
in the fungus land. Do you think I'm going to get sued by Nintendo for copying Mario
Brothers? Because it's a completely original idea. I'm just changing the sprites and everything
so it looks nothing like Mario, but sort of is Mario.
Loki, it's funny you bring that up. Have you ever heard of a game on the Commodore 64 called
The Great Giana Sisters? Yeah. It was basically that. Except they replaced a Mario and Luigi
with little spiky haired females and needless to say Nintendo filed against them. And when
people compare, people always are comparing In the Groove and DDR saying
it's Street Fighter versus Mortal Kombat, right? Mortal Kombat and Street
Fighter are both fighting games and In the Groove and DDR are both dancing games
and to me when I look at these games I go no it's a little more like Mario and
Great Giana Sisters, you know? Great Giana Sisters has some things that Mario
didn't. Great Giana Sisters has better background music than Mario Brothers, I
would go that far to say that. It may not be as memorable to a lot of people, but Great
Gianna Sisters has some fantastic background music in it, and just a slightly different
gameplay. So the games were slightly different, but not enough. I mean, it was, when you played
it, you were still like, wow, this is frickin' Mario Brothers.
You know what I was watching today? I was watching on, was it Nickelodeon Gas, their
games and sports network or whatever? They had reruns of Finders Keepers, and one of
the grand prizes on there was a Nintendo Entertainment System with the power pad.
That is awesome.
I was like, oh my god, that's sweet.
Alright, not a lot of calls left on the Skype line, so I'm getting the sense that you people
are sick of talking about this, which is fine, but you know what?
It's going to affect the future of this whole dance game scene, so just, you know, keep
your eye on this.
Loki.
I was going to say, it's time to talk about Paris Hilton and-
No, no, no.
We'll open the Skype line.
the skype line up for any new celebrity instead of Paris Hilton.
Lindsay Lohan! Lindsay Lohan, I agree.
No, no. That's the point! We're not going to talk about anybody respecting that.
How about Ben Affleck and Jennifer whatever? They can still call him Ben Affleck.
Are they back together? They can still call him Ben-ifer.
Wait, wait, wait, are they back together? The new Jennifer.
Oh. Not J-Lo. No, J-ho or something.
Alright. Actually, we are getting another call, so I'll go ahead and go to the Skyblind and take this.
Hello, you are on Orange Lounge Radio.
Hey, what's up? This is DeepThought42.
Hello, Deep... Did you say DeepThroat42?
DeepThought42.
That's just teasing. DeepThought42, how you doing?
Am I echoing this week?
No, you sound really good this week, so whatever you did fixed up, so good job.
I plugged in my headphones.
Ah.
Wonderful, wonderful bit of technology that that is.
There you go. That's what I had to do here.
What's on your mind?
Not much. I sent Jamie an email earlier this week because I was on GameSpot.com and I read an article which is yet another travesty in the world of GTA that politicians are ranting on about GTA, the sex mod, the hot coffee mod that's going around.
Oh, I heard about this.
Yeah, I had the article set aside to actually discuss during the podcast tonight.
We can touch on it. We'll get into it in more detail in the podcast.
Does this have to do with... I was reading something about the ESRB.
They're saying that it's violating the integrity of the ESRB.
The thing is that the company removed the...
You know, it's like when you get a demo out...
My demo of Umjamalami, for example, has every single stage in it
and just blocks it. Reprogram part of the code.
That's exactly what they did with GTA, but there are people out there...
They would have had to recode the entire game. It would have pushed it back months.
If they had actually removed it from the game. It's in the PS2 version.
Yeah.
But instead of pushing it back five months to recode the entire game, they blocked it.
It's not their fault that someone found a way around it.
For example, Bloody War 3. You remember they had the, uh, the, uh, special photographs
hidden in the game. Accessible through the D.F.E.S. menu.
Okay, okay. That was awesome.
You know what, I, I, I think, what about, what about, what about the Sims? I mean, you've
got the nude patch for the Sims. I mean, that's the same thing.
Exactly. Well, but the nude patch was a patch. It didn't
unlock something that was already there. Same with the hot coffee mod. It's a patch.
I know, I know. You know what? I totally side, and I can't believe I'm siding with Rockstar
on something, but I completely side with them on this because if they locked it away and
somebody went somewhere they shouldn't have, that's not Rockstar's problem. And I think
the ESRB's issue with this is they're going to look and see if, were they hiding this?
Were they intentionally hiding this from us when they screwed it?
Yeah, that's the issue.
And I'm going to say no.
That's the issue that they're looking into.
No, they're not that stupid.
Because it's only, it's only in the PC version. You can't unlock it in the Xbox.
No, you can unlock it in the PS2 version. Can you?
It's in the PS2 version.
Yeah, you can unlock it.
It's incredibly difficult to do, but you can do it.
Oh, but is it like a button code you put in?
No.
No, no, no. You have to download something to your memory stick.
Okay.
I know, I haven't done it.
That's hacking.
I'm not so interested.
That's, yeah, I know exactly.
The Blanks people will go to see some titties in their games, please.
Go play some Custer's Revenge, people.
people. You know what? Right there you're talking about hacking though. You're going
on the internet and you're talking about really, you're talking about violating the license
agreement when you open the box and buy the game. The part of the license agreement says
you will not fuck with the game. And you're violating the license agreement. So I think
Rockstar's base is covered and I think through this whole investigation. But of course...
And Rockstar has gone through so much shit in the past couple years by fucking parents
ruining this country, that they're not that stupid, you know, they wouldn't do something
like that intentionally.
They saw the minigame and they were like, you know what, this is crossing a line that
we don't even want to cross.
I agree, I have to side with Rockstar on this one, I think after the investigation it will
be found out this way, and the angry parents, the parents who are angry over this, lesson
learned, watch what your fucking kids download on the internet, because that's where they're
getting this whole thing in the first place.
I have to say, I told Jamie this, but I do, in essence, agree. If you read the article, it's all basically this one guy, his name is Leland Lee. He's a California assemblyman.
Those California bastards.
Yeah, I know. A Democrat from San Francisco. Damn it.
He has a law in there saying that they do need to overhaul the ESRB. I do agree with that. I do think there needs to be a PG-13 rating.
I agree with that too.
And I do, because you go from Teen, which is like Final Fantasy X, to Grand Theft Auto
San Andreas, you know, that's not, you know, there needs to be a PG-13, and there needs
to be, if you sell an M-rated game to someone under 16, it should be like selling cigarettes
to a minor.
It should be the exact same thing.
To an extent I agree with that.
I think the rules for games should mirror the rules of movies right on down to the rating
system.
Exactly.
as much as an issue as I have with the ratings board sometimes because they'll
they'll give a movie like War of the Worlds which showed like you know
flying body parts and everything and that movie gets a PG-13
I like flying body parts
I know but it still it should be R-rated but you're an adult and you can enjoy
flying body parts whenever you want
I didn't have a problem with flying body parts
I liked flying body parts when I was in high school
But here's the thing, then you take a movie like Romeo and Michelle's High School Reunion
because they drop the F bomb three times in that movie
it gets an R rating. There is an inconsistency here.
But that problem I have with the MPAA aside
I think the MPAA and the ESRB should work together to be using the same rating
system because
parents already identify with that PG-13
PGR. It's already emblazed in their brains
and so I think they should be just copying that.
singling out video games. Why are they not going to, you know,
why are they not raging against Rob Zombie's new movie?
You know, why is it all about video games? And to me, I think it's
it's the government is trying to, I mean, not to get all politic, you know,
conspiracy theory on you, but I think it's just
them trying to say, what is art and what is not?
And they're trying to say that if it's not art, then they can ban it.
Am I totally out of... No, I'm with you.
I'm with you to a point here. I'm with you.
I don't know. That's just my... I mean, that may be a little too conspiracy theory, but I mean
between that and the flag burning amendment
and the fact that our president is going to be electing...
is going to be appointing not only a Supreme Court Justice but a Chief Justice,
all that stuff scares me right now.
As someone who didn't vote for our president, I can say it kind of scares me too, but we
just have to...
We need to march on Washington from this shit.
We need to go to fucking Lafayette Park with a can of Cassine.
Are you talking about...
A bunch of flags and just be like, fuck you.
Are you talking about a million gamer march?
Is this what you're bringing up here?
Yes.
A million gamer march.
That's what we call it.
Go to the floor of E3.
That's what it feels like sometimes, is a million gamer march.
No, I I can't you know what I I
Think someone has to do something
I I think parents of the world could stand to be educated on this issue a little bit more
But I think to as an extent I think the game should be mirroring the movies a little bit because society for whatever reason
We have this movie thing in blazing our head, but for video games
We treat it differently and for some parents video games are the babysitter
Yeah, and it's just different. I don't know some parents television is babysitter. Do you have you ever watched like CSI?
Have you ever watched like, I mean just because they don't swear doesn't mean it's not graphic.
I mean that's disturbing.
Me personally, no.
I haven't watched CSI, but I have watched other shows that are just as bad.
Yeah.
In fact, I was watching a show the other day that they said shit on it, and I was like,
wow.
I mean I didn't care.
I thought it was funny.
They said shit on Friends.
Did they?
Ah, I missed that.
Yeah.
The thing is...
Yeah, it was one of...
I can't believe I know this.
I'm mildly embarrassing myself that I know this, but I remember it.
It was one of the episodes where, you know, Rachel and Ross had a little, you know, confrontation
and Rachel says, I'm sick of this shit.
Wow, I wonder how that got by sensors.
Anyway, Dark Sakura, I know you've got to have a comment on this because you're usually
pretty passionate about these issues, so I'm curious what you think on this.
It's more of a case of parents being stupid shits and not doing their goddamn job.
It comes down to that.
know we it's very sad that the state that our country has become where we
supposedly have all this freedom and you know I actually have to sort of quote
George Carlin last night because he said we used to be the land of the free we
used to have all these rights remember when we could do this I was like you
know that's pretty true because now you know it's like you and I were discussing
previously, with my comment about being arrested at protesting, it doesn't matter if you've
got a license to be there, if it's anything that's against the current administration,
your ass will get locked up.
You know where else they did that, the number of countries that were under dictatorship
rule, huh?
Yeah, I know.
No, I totally agree with you.
I keep going back to the South Park movie, Blame Canada. You know that song?
There's all this crap. And all the freedoms that we have, all the things are being taken away.
This country was perfect before Nintendo came along.
We've gone from being ultimate Star Games. We've gone from being ultimate right wing.
Did you know that Hitler and Stalin used to go over to each other's house and play Mortal Kombat after school?
know that? You know, we've gone from being the ultimate right-wing to uber leftist
and it's all, you know, it's all a bunch of bullshit. Wow, well thank you.
Let's say we do a million gamer march. We start it here. I say we form our own planet.
I think the million gamer march is a freaking brilliant idea. We just need to
organize. But they're actually busy playing EverQuest. I'm your East Coast representation, Josie in the house.
But knowing the gamer community, we'll try to organize ourselves and then we'll be all,
ooh, new Halo.
Too busy, gotta go play games.
We'll be marching with our DS's and PSD's.
Hooray, I'll finally be able to find a Picto chat room.
Ha, I haven't found one since E3.
Alright, we gotta let you go, but thank you so much for calling us, it was a good topic.
Alright dude, take care.
Have a good one buddy.
Bye.
Bye.
That was good! I liked that. Even though that was a more general video gaming issue, you know what, I think we can do what we want on this program and we'll talk about that.
That's what we're about.
That's right. All right. I need some light in here. It's getting kind of dark. All right. I think we're going to go to a break. I'm kind of angry, so I want to hear some Taku, because I'm angry. And when I'm angry, I listen to Taku.
Lots of Taku.
Alright, so we're gonna hear some Taku, along with some other 2DX songs, because after Taku, to offset it, I have a little lovey song. I have a lovey-dovey song.
alright so we'll be back after this with more orange on the radio and tonight's cage
More news etc. etc. etc.
You
This is the end of the video.
If you like this video, please subscribe and give it a thumbs up.
Also, don't forget to click the bell icon to receive notifications of the latest videos.
Thank you so much for watching.
Be sure to hit the bell icon to get notified of new content.





Love
You were either meant to be free
Never killed any servant
And now, let's listen in to an Orange Lounge Radio staff meeting as they debate some of
the new programming coming to Orange Lounge Radio.
Jamie, I have a suggestion about some of the music in our Bamani Music and More program.
Can we talk about that?
No subject will ever be taboo.
Well, I was thinking maybe we should move pump up the volume from Tuesday nights except of course the subject that was just under discussion
Okay. Well, what would you think if maybe we cut back on some of the tack music we play on the station?
I collect your fucking head
Just like this fucker here come on fuck the other one as you in there. Oh my god
Why did you do that to Loki the holic thing on episode 69 was just a joke
Now if any of you sons of bitches got anything else to say, NOW'S THE FUCKING TIME!
Orange Lounge Radio, where everybody has a say.
You know, you know what? I really sound a lot like Lucy Liu there.
I'm a really good voice actor.
You do, you're brilliant voice actors.
The chat room is yelling about the speaking of new programming, because there was a post
on our community earlier this week that said there was going to be a new show on Friday
night.
That was what we call a miscommunication, this little miscommunication between two parties.
But at least you know that we're working on something, so we're not just resting on our
laurels.
There is new programming being under discussion for Orange Lawn's radio as we speak.
So we will see what occurs.
And there's not just that, I know of at least three projects being worked on right now.
Just in short, chat room, unless it's me, or Rob, or Loki that posted it.
Question.
Unfortunately, yeah, you gotta kinda go with that rule, so.
Yeah, if neither of us post it, or it's not listed in there, or we don't confirm it, don't,
not until one of us has confirmed it.
OrangeLawnsRadio.com too, as much as we love the live drone community, OrangeLawnsRadio.com
too is a great site to get all the latest news.
So that's that, but there's all those fun projects, and if you have an idea for a show
on OrangeLawnsRadio, we're not opposed to hearing what you got to offer us, so go to
the Contact Us tab, send us an email and let us know what you have in mind, because we're
not opposed to new programming, so let us know.
OK, moving right along, I want to talk about some other news
going on.
Hey, Loki, turn off the damn game.
We're doing a show here.
Turn off the goddamn game, bastard.
In the Groove, the game we've been talking about earlier
today with the whole lawsuit business, they're
still trucking along.
They have a very interesting thing going on right now, the
World Wide Road Rally 2005.
And if you want more information on this Road Rally 2005,
you can visit rockswordgames.com slash road rally slash,
well, I'm looking, it's just rockswordgames.com
slash road rally.
I'm specifically looking at the events page right now.
Eight events that they're trying to get people to compete in
and this is like a nationwide tournament.
I think this is their attempt at doing some type
of nationwide tournament.
Listen to the kinds of things they have here.
Most locations played and you have to prove this
copying down ITG serial numbers most unique locations which again I think is
serial numbers total distance traveled how far did you go to visit locations
now see I might be able to win this because I'm going to be going to the
East Coast on a trip and I might play I in the groove to out there so maybe I
should start looking for a team best marathon score best team photo you email
them a photo and if they like it you win. Best freestyle, best costume, and best
overall most hardcore ITG freak. Is that is that grammatically correct? Best
overall most hardcore ITG freak? I don't know. Regardless, if that interests you
head on over to rockswargames.com slash road rally. Kind of interesting the idea
of a national DDR tournament using pictures or video has been something
toyed on for quite some time so it's very interesting I think anyway that the
The company who puts out in the groove is endorsing this.
Loki your thoughts?
I'm sure you have some.
I guess it's a good idea, whatever, I mean, where are the prizes?
Oh, I didn't even look.
Let's see.
Sorry.
For shame.
Prizes.
Trophies.
Overall, most hardcore ITG freak gets two round-trip tickets to Las Vegas for the North
American tournament finals.
finals. You get your both! Most locations get up to three packages for the winning team.
You basically get like a Megamix CD, a Red Octane ignition pad, a signed copy of In the
Groove, and participation in a lawsuit. You're bad. I'm trying to look at what else they
have here. I don't see a whole lot of... basically signed copies of In the Groove seem to be
the big prizes. Some other Red Octane goodies thrown in there for good measure as well.
So they're nothing to blink at, they're nothing to laugh at. They're kind of neat. Especially
if you're a true ITG freak, then a signed copy of the game should, you know, get a rise
out of you. Especially that Las Vegas thing, now that's a pretty good one there. And trophies!
Who loves trophies? Logie. DarkSakura. I drove to play a shitty game and all I got was this
stupid trophy. The trophy has a big dunce cap on it. So, let me get this straight here.
And in the groove is sort of a wannabe DDR.
So would that mean that an ITG freak would be a wannabe Bomani freak?
You know what?
Send in your application and see if you win.
See what they tell you.
Would that mean that they're posers?
By the way, I'm being yelled at in the chatroom.
This is the worldwide rally, not just the national.
I forgot Canada.
Sorry, because I know we have Canadian listeners.
I forgot.
You're all really close to the border anyway, right?
it's a worldwide and I don't do they have ITG machines in Austria I think
there's like one in Australia one in Europe so it's worldwide so if you're
crazy if you're in Europe and you're freaking crazy enough to come to the
States and play machines so you can win this contest hey more power to you
more power to you who cares honestly I don't well I think the whole concept is
what's need despite how you feel about the game the fact that the company is
endorsing it is gonna fly people to Las Vegas that's kind of neat to me and they
They might not be able to when they're broke.
Stop.
After the lawsuit.
Alright.
I'm going to laugh when that happens.
I'm the most hardcore, I drove all around the country, I went to all these places.
Yeah, but we went under.
Good for you.
Here's a sticker.
Didn't that happen with Atari years ago?
I was reading about like the Sword Quest finals or something and they canceled it before they
got to the end.
I don't know.
something came up on um...
something came up on uh... slashdot
like a retro article on the whole thing or something from what I remember
whatever
alright kids i think it's about time to get into the orange lounge radio cage
match
sound good
okey-dokey
the way the cage match works we play three songs for your listening pleasure
one song selected by each host
And the winning song goes into rotation all week long on Orange Lounge Radio's
Bimani Music and More program, which plays 24 hours a day,
seven days a week on this station, when we are not live.
You only get to hear a clip of last week's winner, though, because it already won
last week, so you've already heard it.
So last week in the Cage match, we had a brand new winner.
It's a band called The Ozoic, who is actually going to be in UltraMix 3,
but this is a different song by The Ozoic. It's a song called
Let Me Tell You Something. Remember, if you want to vote in the cage match, get your butt
in our chat room, www.orangesomsradio.com. Click on chat. Here it is, song number one
you can vote for tonight via Zoic with a clip of Let Me Tell You Something.
You should know that I make time like no one is
No time for you to go to no time
Don't you come in and hide
And you say you can't change my strength away, no way
There's just so pretty people inside of me
But now I'm searching all the things you say
There's just so pretty people in your mind
Who think that you're thinking
What's left of me is condescending
You think you can get to me, let me tell you something, I won't be pushed around, oh
It's my life, I cannot give up anything You cannot break me down
Alright, there was a clip of song number one, the Azoic, with Let Me Tell You Something.
Let Me Tell You Something, that song is going for its second win tonight, so we'll see if
that'll win or if one of these two new songs will dethrone the Azoic.
We'll start it off with Loki's pick tonight.
Loki, what did you choose for our lucky listeners?
I chose a song called Wraiths because it's awesome.
And it's also a new MIDI head track, so...
Oh, okay. Goody goody, here we go.
Monolithic with Wraith. Of course, I love it.
Alright, does he sing in it?
Yes.
Dark Soccer, get ready for this one. Alright, here we go.
monolithic with wraith
I'm standing inside of me, taking my pride from within
The darkness behind me speaks to me again
I'm standing, speaking to me
And if you survive, they'll bow at me
And I will steal the threat
Show me what I can turn in
When what you know is mistaken
And if we don't fall, then take it by
You're raised in the dark
Colliding inside of me
The rays of an insanity
It's blinding my soul from the flesh
So where am I?
I won't be in the night
You can't hide the fighting
You kill the heart that's deep in me
Raise all that's life in me
I can't see, I can't, I can't
With what you know is mistaken
And if you fall and take it by, you're raised in the dark
Remember who you are, with what you know is a fake hell
And if you fall, take it by, you'll raise it in the dark
You'll raise it in the dark
Okay, that was song number two, Monolithic with Wraith.
Let's go around and see if it was good or bad, according to us.
Dark Sakura.
It sounds like what I would hear at the goth club I go to, so in that sense it's pretty generic and I still don't really care for his singing. I like the song overall, but it's pretty generic, so I give it about a 7.
really try to see if he can't do like music scores for video games
because I think I think if he coupled up with the right gaming company they could do a
sweet soundtrack for a game
I'd have to second that. I really do like I don't know why I mean DDR is one thing
but he really
like if the rumors are true and he's not into the album making things so much
anymore he really ought to think about doing the video game scoring because
I could hear that kind of music in a game like Devil May Cry or something, I don't know
I just think it would kick out.
Or even like, he does a lot of good instrumental stuff even just for other things, like media stuff.
Seriously, gaming companies?
Look this guy up, bittyhead.com, you should score your game.
As for the song itself, Stand Alone, it's kind of a little too atmospheric to be a Stand Alone song for me.
I think it's the type of song I'd enjoy more on the scope of an album.
So in that sense, if that is the song on the album, I'm looking forward to the album.
But the song itself, I'm not so hot on.
So I'll stop talking and give it a seven and a half.
Angel
I liked it, it was pretty good.
Maybe he had always been a plus in my book as far as music talent and stuff, so I'll give it an 8.
An 8 from Angel. There you have it, but remember it's not our votes that make it important, it's your votes that count in the end, so get your butt in chat.
One more song to go though, and it comes from DarkSakura. I put the wrong song in, I meant to copy what I put in there to a different folder, and ended up copying the wrong song.
But hey, it's a good song. I like that it makes fun of clubs, yet it's played at clubs everywhere.
So it's Blur, Girls and Boys.
A little bit of Blur! Alright, I like Blur. Let's check this out. Blur with girls and boys. We'll be back after this.
Street's like a jungle, the call of police Following the herd, down to Great
On holiday, we love in the 90's It's paranoid
On funny pictures, take your chances
Don't give up, girls, we want boys, we want boys
Two girls, two boys, we want girls Two girls, we want boys
Always should be someone you really love
Avoiding a word
She says I'm available
Like matter is in cut
Candle falls
I'm one, two, three, four
I think that nothing is wasted
Only we produce
You cannot inflict us
You've been special
But we haven't been introduced
Girls who are boys who are boys
Girls who are boys are their girls
Girls who are their boys
Always should be someone you really love
Girls love boys, love boys, big girls, boys love big girls, girls love big boys
I should be someone to really love
Looking for girls who are boys, who like boys
You like boys, who be girls, who do boys, like they're girls, who do girls, like they're boys
Oh, I should be someone you really love
Girls who are boys, you like boys, who be girls, who do boys,
Like they're girls, you do girls, like they're boys
Oh, I should be someone you really love
SONG number three in tonight's cage match, Blurr with Girls and Boys, Dark Sakura. What'd you think of that one?
Ten. It's Blurr.
How did I guess?
Uh, Loki.
Ah! Little steppy.
I like the remix of the song a lot. The remix of the song, if you've attended that, it felt like something was missing.
Well, that's the original.
How can something be missing from the original?
The remix! That's what's missing from it, because it sucked. The remix made it better, so it gets a six.
I don't know who you are anymore.
I want song two better!
All right, where's song two is awesome
Um, I would you know, I give this song itself a 10 because I love that song
But I don't know it's a cage match pick
I kind of like it when like songs I haven't heard but I know it was a mistake
So as a song I give it a 10 that it's a cage match pick. I give it an 8
sir angel
It's blur is good
May God thank God I didn't get done what I wanted to do. Mm-hmm. I have a remix
I thought about doing that I'm looking at doing that you're gonna be like when when you hear you be like
What is it? Oh, you know what Jamie's not in the room right now. Is it a gorillas mix or something? Is that?
No, okay. I imagine
it's
Just just it's in a John Travolta movie. Oh boy. All right. All right. We'll see
Is it like the Black Eyed Peas doing misery Lou or something? No, okay
Alright, let's recap the three songs you can vote for tonight.
Song number one, the Azoic, let me tell you something.
Song number two you can vote for tonight is Monolithic with Wraith.
And song number three you can vote for tonight is Blur with Girls and Boys.
All right, there's your three songs you can vote for tonight.
Place vote now.
Send a private message to Skye in the chat room with your vote.
Hurry, hurry, and we'll tally them up and let you know who the winner is.
Loki!
This is always a part of the show where I ask you what's going on in the sim scene if anything
Nothing well there was only one thing they were doing some new well
They're a couple things actually I should mention, but myself doing other remix contest
And in the thing now, it's no mash mixes unless they're very good, and that's that was their specific
specific instructions there. I see. And then also... Hey, I have a great Max 300 mix I
want to submit.
Do you think I could win the Bimani style contest with this? I don't know, you know,
something like that should be in a dancing game, like in the groove. Couldn't resist.
That is so awful. It's like, come on. They didn't even try to make it sound different.
I mean, it's... And then what the hell was the middle part there that had, like, nothing
to do with the whole song? Because, you know, putting piano stuff in, like, a techno song,
that's the hip thing to do.
Look, look. You bashed on the game enough tonight. You've met your quota. Go back to
The Sims.
Fine, anyways. Nothing going on in The Sims scene, really. We're still waiting for the
food mix two stuff to come out that's what I'm waiting for hopefully by the
end of summer because we need another food mix release and really they meant
that's all that's kind of going on a side note that's kind of interesting
MIDI head who we've just heard a track from is going to be doing a podcast
coming soon I believe the date is the 27th of July and it's going to feature
all of his remix songs that he's done for dance dance revolution including the
stuff that's going to be in Ultramix 3. So check that out. And if you don't check it
out there, we will be replaying it on the show.
Oh, will we now? All right, no, I wonder not. The songs, I definitely want to play that
show with this mix.
But yeah, he's hoping that they, that Konami gets behind this and like starts promoting
his podcast on iTunes and that type of thing. You know, get the whole company thing going.
Anyways, I'm still looking to remix some more songs. I've thought about a few things, and the next one I want to do is really strange. It's totally different. I don't even know if it's going to get off the ground. It's not a Bomani track at all. And I already told Rob what it was.
I only half heard it, though. If it is what I thought you said, then yeah, very interesting.
I don't know, when I heard the song again, when I was sitting in Mel's, it just sounded to me like, this could be a club track, it could be. Someone should have done a remix of this.
But it's very strange, and I don't know if I can do it justice or even do a remix of it, so that's why I'm kind of keeping it under wraps for now.
Okay. Should be interesting. Hey, tell me about this DM Ashura thing you were talking to me about earlier.
Oh, yeah. DM Ashore is doing songs now for O2Jam, and yeah, they're still around. His new song for O2Jam is going to be Go, and they have a little preview. You can actually, there's a thread on Mysyle in their music production forum about it.
So go check it out. Sounds sort of like techno with, you know, a bit of like the Japanese
tribal stuff in there, you know, just kind of, you know, sort of like Japan or exotic
ethnic type stuff. But it's really good. So definitely check it out. The only problem
is it's a recording of someone playing it so it's not, you know, completely in sync
but it's good enough. You get an idea. All right. But yeah, so that's kind of cool.
How many Max remixes put out this week? You know, I haven't been downloading
remixes on
Bomani style, but you know, since we've got
you know, a second here, let's... Actually I found this sim file and it had a real sweet Max
remix in it. Wanna hear it?
Couldn't resist, sorry.
This is so
wrong. So, so wrong. But anyways, um,
let's see this week's uh... max remix uh... quota here
doo doo doo doo doo
alright and your total is
oh it's like a telethon waiting for the big results
uh... well let's see there wasn't too much this week uh...
starting with uh...
we have the legend of max
uh... three hundred bpm
Paranoia Climax Japan Mix, The Legend of Max Tribute and Max Attack, all of which are re-released.
However, though, in June, there was quite a bit on the week beforehand. We had Maximizer,
Max Naruku Jr., Max Beats, The Legend of Max Part 1, Paranoia Max Dirty Mix, Legend of
megamix max 300 mutation and rave max oh and love it first max what about my max
brings other boys to the yard all right you wait you wait you know what somebody
should mix up max 300 and energizer together that'd be sweet what do you
mean it you wouldn't hear it all right let's um let's hear tonight's cage match
Are you kids ready for this? I guess. Tonight's cage match winner is... a tie.
So you know how the ties work. Somebody's going to be breaking the tie. Let's find out who's breaking the tie.
Song number one that is a tied song tonight is...
Girls and Boys.
People have taste.
And song number two that is a tie tonight is...
Yes, Zoick was letting me tell you something, so let me tell you something.
This means Loki's got to break the tie, because his song didn't win.
So what do you think, Loki?
Holick?
No.
Um, which song do I dislike the most?
I don't know, Zoick is just kind of, eh, no, I'm going to have to give it to Blur.
Woohoo!
You've redeemed yourself tonight, thank you.
Whatever.
that to redeem yourself with jamie
you realize this is technically the the fourth song with damon singing this one
wow
all right there it is
and you know what's sad
i'd just got another vote
and it would have broken the tie the other way
too late you gotta get your votes in on time
So then we have MaxToTheMax, HeadToToes280MaxSurvivor, and MaxSinsanity with Link.
I think we're going to go to a break.
When we come back from this break, of course the FUs of the week because we are angsty
individuals and we are going to spread that angst throughout the world.
And also when we come back, some Ask Orange Lounge if we have a little time.
And you know what, while you're waiting for us to come back, you can also download such
Simphiles as Max Tampon.
That's lovely. That's very lovely.
I think we need some Eurobeat in the house, so
we're going to do some Eurobeat. You want to hear Velfire?
I'd like to hear Velfire, thank you. Here it is, just for you
DarkSakura. We'll be back after this.
Come on!
Hurry up, my little guy
Everyone is getting all the secrets, baby
Come on, baby, come on, boy
Won't you really be the only one?
It's Tokyo
Now, bye, now, bye
Flicking together with the dancing dancing
You gotta move your moving
Ba-ba, ba-ba
Jumping together in the Eurobeat
Ba come on and dance tonight
Ba-ba into the music countdown
Ba-ba into the new century
Ba-ba into the future coming
Here on there
Ba-ba 2000
Ba-ba into the music countdown
Ba-ba into the new century
The vampire distribution is coming
You're on fire
And back from 2000, come down
Please don't smile
Oh
It's the seed of my heart, what you're feeling is mine
And it feels you better stay behind
It's the desiccant soul that you try to relieve
You'll never understand, your heart can't function
Feel it, feel it, baby
Feel the fire, it's burning deep inside me
Listen, listen, honey
Listen to the music to you
Listen to the heartbeat
I'm not on my own I'm not on my own
Welcome to the broken road, welcome to the painless deep of night
Come on lady come and go, come on lady tell me what to write
Right
Not the danger, not the bet you're seeing
Yeah, rock it, rock it, rock it, make it a throw
I'll also name my name, I'll make it if you know
I'll fly to the east, looking for me
Yeah, night's on fire, you better, better stay
You better, better be in the race to play
Night's on fire, you better, better be
You better, better stop, you'll never be
You're a nightfall fighter
You've got a lot of things
You've got a battle to kill and pray and to slay
Nightfall fighter
Come over for the beat
Come over, over the set
You're a nightfall fighter
Enjoy!
So, orchestral music playing...
What ever happened to Step Squad? Are they still doing stuff?
We're supposed to be going to dinner sometime this month.
Oh, that's nice. That's nice. Good bunch of kids, that Step Squad.
With the exception of this one girl. Dark, sorry.
Okay, thank you!
I'm just kidding.
In that break, you heard Velfaya 2000, Pandora, which is kind of Eurobeat.
Natalie, or Nathalie actually, from 2DX7 style also, Initial D.
We that song got played to death because it was the default song in the first mix of initial D heartbeat and
But no, no, I'm kidding. No spaceboy was they sorry
I'm sorry, but heartbeat was in it and they got played to death because we're all beat many people too
And then Nico not a night of fire, which by the way
We are such dorks because we were actually doing the para dancing. Although I couldn't remember it all it's hard
I remembered it cuz I'm a bigger nerd than you are
It's hard without the high-heeled girl doing it helping you out and doing it for you
You know, I kind of wish I feel really gay for saying this, but that's okay
I kind of wish Para Para would make a comeback like in the u.s. I know
They tried to open a part of our club in LA did they really I think it's sort of in there pioneers releasing the Para Para
Para Para CDs here. They need they need to have a Para Para. I've been buying the anime Para Para CDs
They should have a Para Para TV show on a ZN television. Have you seen this?
There's a I get a ZN TV now a rebranded international channel is a Z and now you have a reason to watch TV the
You know what? No, because I caught Fushigi Yugi dubbed.
I'm sorry, I wanted to pour bleach into my head, shake it around, pour it back out, and then follow it up with, like, witch hazels or something.
I saw some pretty funny sitcom on there the other day. It was some Filipino sitcom, I think it was. It was cute. I liked it.
Alright, moving right along, we're going to get into the angsty angsty FUs of the week, but you should send in your FUs as well, because I know you guys probably have some angst, but this is the part of the show where you can release that angst. We encourage you to.
Alright, so that being said, DarkSakura, why is it that we have to do these FUs every single
week?
Uh...
Big FU goes to the fucking hurricane, because, you know, I was all really, really worried
about my family, and it was just a bunch of crap. I was getting all sick, and, you know,
and then the hurricane, like, hit Sarasota. So it was like, I'm glad it didn't hit Mobile.
It's sort of, I feel let down, in a really, you know, messed up way, but at least, you
know, I'm glad my family and all my friends out in the area are doing okay, and I'm sorry
for poor poor Sarasota. Another F.U. goes to my digestive system for, I guess, not working
anymore. Because I've been going through, digestion hurts worse than being hungry right
now. And that's a horrible state just for someone to find oneself in. So I don't think
I'm gonna like eat for a week and see if that helps cuz I was starting to feel better before
I came here and actually felt a little hungry so I ate a handful of Brazil nuts and then
drank a liter of water and guess what? I feel sick. Fun huh? An SU goes to buses, not buses,
Like 18-wheelers who drive on the left lane on a two-lane street, especially the winding
mountain road going Torino. Yeah. Y'all can, you know, drive off into a ravine or something.
Another F.U. goes to 18-wheelers that try to pass other 18-wheelers. It's just sort
of pointless because they can't really go all that fast anyway. And that's really it.
Fuck you to my mouse for the left mouse button to stop working. It doesn't want to click no more.
I've clicked it way too many times and now it just it's practically works the other mouse buttons worked fine
So I had to buy a new mouse yesterday
Which put me at Best Buy and then I had to get in a stupid person line
And you know how that goes where for some reason?
I don't know this person for me is buying like a ton of shit or something because
Their receipt was about like, you know, it took the printer five times to print it out or something
You know have the feet the paper through five times. It's just like nuts anyways
Um, fuck either of that, and fuck either of the fact that there's no food in my house right now, at least nothing that I feel like eating, because it's all leftovers, and I have like this big thing I combined, um, some steak with the minestrone, and so it's this weird mistakey, and um, yeah, that's not very good.
And then, my work. Um, it's okay. But, um, I don't know. I've just, like, been kind of feeling drained lately. I've been trying to stay up to, like, really late on the weekends, but I've been unable to do that for some reason. Just feeling really drained, and that sucks. And fuck you to the stupid drivers, because they're always in my way.
And, um, uh...
In the Groove Sucks!
Are you done?
Um, and, um, you know those Macs?
My toaster has better processing power than them.
You're done.
Um, I would like to give an FU to the assholes who broke into my car for the second time.
And that's another $100 deductible that I won't be seeing anytime soon, so you can fight me.
I'd also like to give a nephew distress because I was so stressed out on Friday like I got
I got this work thing like dropped on me literally at the last minute and on a normal day that
would have been okay but I was dealing with other stresses that day as well and I just
wanted to die on Friday like seriously like I was so stressed this doesn't happen to be
very often but I was stressed where like I could taste vomit like I'm gonna barf I swear
I'm gonna barf although I didn't barf but I really wanted to and that sucks to go around
all day going, I'm gonna barf, no I'm not. That's how I felt, right? So, F you to barfing.
Cause that's no fun, nobody likes that. Except Loki, when he's drunk. What, Loki? I said
funny, that's what I felt like on Sunday. Very funny, except you did barf. I don't know
if you remember. I remember a few of them. We all remember. He sat there on the carpet.
I don't even remember falling on the floor, though. You didn't fall, you were just sitting
there and he leaned over and out came all the contents of anastronian alcohol. I sort
of averted my eyes politely.
Alright, that's it for my FUs by the way. So let's go on to DDR Angel.
Actually it's more of an honest FU as far as, you know, the shit that happened in London.
Fuck that. Don't mess with people's lives.
Hey, I doubly, doubly add to that.
Okay, because I spent all day, even though, like, their, uh, what?
Our early morning is their lunch time or whatever.
Even though I heard about it, something like that.
Anyway, like, you know, I heard about it at 3 o'clock in the morning,
and the first thing I thought of was, you know, like, Liam and all those people over there,
and I was just worried about it, and I'm glad that he's okay,
and I'm glad that the rest of my friends in the UK are okay and they're alive.
I got I got a text message for my sister in the morning about it cuz she's she
visited London an awful lot cuz her ex-husband's from there and while I
personally don't know anybody except for some of our listeners that are over in
that area it's just a horrible thing it's a horrible thing doesn't that what
else can I say what else can be said you know it's a horrible thing that shouldn't
exist in this world exactly some people that I know are saying like you know we
we should get used to it or whatever because that's what the world is coming to now and
it's just like no.
No, no, no.
No.
The whole point is for all of us to stick together and, you know, pretty much reward
the mob saying, hey, no matter how much you hurt us, we're still going to stick together.
Yeah, at the same time, I refuse to be terrorized by terrorists.
So I will be continuing to do my function in this world, which is not only my day job,
but to spread shit about people I don't like all over the internet.
So you know what? Fuck you guys, we're gonna catch you and that's it. You're done.
And we're gonna go on with our lives and do what we do on a day-to-day basis.
And that's it, I'm done.
Alright. Let's get to chatroom FUs.
42 would like to say F you to the fascist douche bags that run our country and the parents
who go crying to them every time little Timmy shoots up his physics class because he played
Mortal Kombat when he was 12.
Sakurina says, F you to EA for having some bastard registration system on their PS2 online
system that has every name chosen except for stupid names like Pandora, Pandora Noria 2DX,
Pandora Noia 2DX, Pandora Noia, I get it.
Ronchan says f you to on a fest you guys got me doing karaoke cosplay and
everything else here
cut me some slack please thud and f you to me not updating my website w w w dot
d j ron my s dot net i think that was a way to work in a cheap plug what do you
guys think
i think it was
dupe says f u a huge f u two fifty six k and a well i couldn't hear the show for
about three weeks cuz of it and i can barely hear it now everything is so slow
Right now, I'm still listening to heartbeat.
Sad face.
Aw.
Dirty Thief says, F you to Taco Bell for making me fat.
You know what?
You have the choice to either or not.
And MPQ says, F you to Las Vegas.
Thanks for telling me that if you're not 21
and you can't spend hundreds of dollars an hour,
you might as well be five.
Thanks, Vegas.
Thanks for being 90 degrees at night.
Thanks for making it a chore just to go outside.
F you to driving in Oregon.
Attention Oregon your speed limits are too low. Also, you can't pump your own gas there. I agree
What the fuck are people too stupid to put the hose in the tank there or something?
Eff you to driving through the middle of nowhere. I hope I never see another next exit 10 miles or no services sign again. I
Agree, what's up with that?
We're not a pump your own gas. That's what we do. That was the last if you anyway
It's the same thing in New Jersey
think it is where you can't pump your own gas and somebody told me it's to
create jobs okay all right uh moving right along we're gonna get into some
ask orange lounge in a little while so please if you have a question for us
send us send us a little message over on a IRC or our chat room send me a
private message if you have a question something you want to ask us I want to
Can I just give a reminder to folks out there that right now Red Octane is putting together that game Guitar Hero?
Well, they want your contributions. If you happen to be in a rock band, you could be alongside songs made famous by David Bowie, Red Hot Chili Peppers, White Zombies, The Ramones, Hendrix.
Hey, we should form a band.
Seriously, we should form a band.
And be really awful.
Sense of music.
I can't play anything but saxophone and clarinet.
we could remix Max 300 and send it in. No. No. No. Although I'm thinking about taking
guitar lessons next semester. That's cool. I used to be able to play keyboards. Loki,
you want to be our singer? No. Come on. People love your singing. You could just scream angrily.
It would be awesome.
I'm staying in.
Come on, you know you want to.
No!
Oh, it would be awesome.
Wimp!
I'll be the triangle player.
I'll give you some maracas.
You can play the gong.
There'll be the samba de amigo maracas.
We'll just wheel out the giant gong and then at the end Loki just
Bong!
That would be hideous.
Animal!
for you is like a truck bazaar car. You know what, Loki should... Loki's gonna have to
learn how to play drums. That's what it is. Loki, you learn how to play drums. Dude, all
the greats have played drums, like Don Henley. We'll bribe... we'll bribe... we'll bribe
Iguana Girl to be our singer. Okay. Alright. Anyway, if you want to... Our band would be
awesome even though our band is destined to be in this game if you want to try
and compete against us you piddly fools or you have a friend who's in a band who
is feeling like competing against us fools go to www.beaguitarhero.com and
submit your entry and you too can be a guitar hero all right I guess since
There's no questions for AskOrangeLohan.
Ask us a question or we will talk about the Lindsay Lohan.
No, we'll go to a quick break.
We're going to do like a quick little Tucson break.
But I want to talk about Lindsay Lohan.
I want to talk about, well, I have BeatMania on my PSP.
Tell us about this then.
I have a Game Boy Color emulator called Rin on there,
and I found a ROM for BeatMania 2.
And so now I have BeatMania on my PSP.
As well as DDR, but I took DDR off there because that was annoying.
I found that DDR2 for the Game Boy Color had all the solo songs in it, though.
In their 8-bit glory.
But Hot Limit's in there. I gotta pull up Hot Limit. That'd be funny. We'll play that.
Alright.
Oh, this is probably going to make my heart hurt or something.
If I wind up in the hospital because of hearing this song, and I die there, I'm going to haunt you.
Just thought I'd let you know.
Do you think Lindsay Lohan looks better with red hair or her new blonde hair?
I think the red hair looks better.
I don't care!
I think, I think though she needs to eat something.
Yes, she needs to eat something.
Did you hear about that website?
Eat Lindsay, or Free Lindsay or something?
What?
What is it?
EatSomethingLindsayorSomething.com
Or is a petition going around trying to-
It smells like fresh Lindsay in here!
here. Is that your Lindsay that I see? Maybe. Are you talking about my Lindsay? Maybe. Alright,
we're starting to get some questions for Ask Orange Lounge, so I guess we should go into
that segment, should we? Yes? Do you got that song for us yet? I'm working on it, I'm working
on it. Alright, here we go. We'll go into Ask Orange Lounge first. This sounds like
like a Mega Man game or something.
This is not a hot limit.
Oh, here we go.
Wow.
do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do a-a-a-a. Interesting.
All right let's get to the questions. Enough of that.
feedlindsay.com
Let's ask Orange Lounge some stupid question,
well will we find out this week on Orange Lounge Radio.
Is Lindsay better as a redhead or is she a buck some blonde?
I don't know, you tell me, but secretly I think she's not fat.
I have boobies on my PSP.
I hate having to improvise that song every week.
First question from Sakurina. Can you not talk about Lindsay Lohan?
Oh my god, did you hear what she did last week? This is so awesome.
them
but come on i thought that i saw her be the look no forget it i'm going to try
and peak you want to know why does nobody asked questions i think the
reason nobody asked questions is because we do this almost every other week and
we really need a new bed
but we're just not feeling creative
honestly maybe for episode one fifty which is next week by the way
we'll have something new and fresh for you guys but until then it's the same
old stale shit you know and love.
Well, there's pictures of us online.
They're little, little bitty pictures. Hold on, let me show you.
I have not seen them.
Yes, you have. I showed this to you last week.
It's on our website, right? I haven't seen this, actually.
Hold on, hold on, hold on. Let me bring it up.
Now you're making me work.
You better work!
No, I haven't seen this, because I was trying to come up with something that I didn't.
Mmm.
Orange lion. Oh, sorry, I had to bring it up the pocket. There it is!
See? I like that. See? Me, DarkSakura, Loki, Ferret.
What's that on? That's our album art for our podcast.
Oh, really? Yeah. That's great.
I posted it on our forum. Hey, that's the icon that I made.
Yeah, that's the old-ass icon you made, and then I did the border around it, so we kind of co-made it.
That's fun. That's cool.
And the Ferret is our official fourth co-host. Yes.
She says the same thing every time, though.
No, we should totally get sponsorship from Scusi.
We totally should.
We pimp those ferrets like nothing else.
God, we really do.
Ronchan wants to know, can I be the band manager and book y'all at the Apollo Theater?
Fuck yeah, bring it on.
Oh, fuck no, we'd get booed off at the Apollo.
You know what?
Spelling bee at the Apollo!
Asphyxiation! A-S-F-I-X-O-N! No. Actually, I have heard somebody try to spell asphyxiation
that way. It was just sad.
MPQ is making an interesting suggestion. He says, and this is actually live in the chat
room at orange-on-the-radio.com. Click on chat. He didn't send his over private message,
but he says, let's play the wolf game next week in the chat and radio-ize it. You know
what? I'm not against the idea of doing like some type of broadcasted the wolf game, but
But I don't know how that would work with the chat.
We'd have to have live people.
Could be interesting, though.
Could be very interesting.
I'd have to think about the, what do you call that,
schematics, the way it would work.
Let me think about that one.
MPQ, if you have an idea on how we could do that and
actually have it be good radio, send me an email.
We'll talk.
Might be fun.
I'm liking this.
I'm liking this.
All right.
We have no more questions, you guys.
Who's?
Email what?
what? We need to have questions. This is what we do, usually when we get no questions, is
that we can ask each other questions. Rob, why are you so fabulous? Because I am a diva.
Hey Rob, why am I so famous? Because you're a diva. Because I'm a diva. Angel, you haven't
been here in a month, surely you must have. Where the heck have you been? Where have you
been young lady um I don't know gone that doesn't answer the question gone is
not a location gone is a state of being just haven't been able to show up I
guess yeah anyway she's been invisible unfortunately Domo Coon ate her boobs
that's what's going on I got wrist slap for that one all right see now the chat
I'm starting to like that idea I want to figure that one out. All right let's um
we're gonna go to a quickie break here and then when we come back from this
break we're gonna come back and wrap it all up tell you guys what you can look
forward to next week on episode 150 so we'll be back after this featuring since
you guys didn't send us questions I'm not pleased you're being subjected to
SmileDK this break. Enjoy. We'll be back after this.
Just a little bit of me to say
You know you gotta try a little harder
Or you can be my, my, my, my darlin'
Smile, a little smile
Let's enjoy the moment now
And just have a good time
A good time
Try it baby, good
A little bit of love and gonna feel so fine
Is it really true
That you feel the same way too
And hope we'll be together now
You know that I love you, love you, love you love you, love you, love you, love you, love you, love you...
When I'm sitting thinking of,
The funny one we called love,
Still don't think of you at first,
My family, they come so far...
If you wanna capture me,
It's as simple as can be,
Mr. Leonard said it all, you need it,
Mix a little set it all, you need it
Mix a little set it all, you need it
Love, my love my love my love my love
My love my love my love my love my love
Let's go!
I'm so much love, always something's all I know
I'm trying not to kill me, yeah
I'm all that I wish to do is turn inside and out
We cry bitches everywhere
I'm just figuring out what's left and find some fun
It's time to get excited, so come on everybody
Boys, boys, be my boy, I wanna feel your body
Boys, boys, be my boy, you got a ranny, honey
Boys, boys, be my boy, I wanna be your lover now
Be my boy
Boy, boy, be my boy
We're back here on Orange Lounge Radio, coming here to wrap it all up. You know when I get
bored though as I start looking through popular DDR forums to see what the kids are talking
about and why is it that on DDR forums there is always this kind of topic at
least on DDR freak and some of the other big ones there's always this kind of
topic within the first three pages of a forum have you ever met your boyfriend
or girlfriend through DDR I don't know how about it guys have you ever met your
boyfriend girl the topic it keeps popping up on every incarnation of DDR
freak, and honestly, as a moderator, I'm not even saying it! Fucking people, stop posting inane crap!
Why can't we have intelligent conversation? Like...
Well, some people did meet their boyfriend or girlfriend through DDR, which I think is...
But this is an old thread.
Yeah, I did, but what business of it is yours?
Ha ha ha ha!
Well, that is the first time I've ever heard Angel say something snide. It's great.
I'm learning! Oh my God, we're corrupting you!
I live with Andrew!
Oh, did I say that out loud?
Oh, that was beautiful.
Save that one for the archives.
Angel gets mean. Episode 149.
Finally, after, uh, how many episodes?
Maybe it's sitting next to Loki lately.
He's starting to rub off on you or something.
Either that or it's, um, I don't know.
all of our randomness coming off on me?
Maybe people post this topic because they're sad because
they want to meet a girl through DDR.
They're sad and lonely, and they want to meet a girl with
similar interests as them.
Here's the hint.
They want to meet a girl with similar interests as you.
Go outside and participate in those interests that you have.
Because if you want to find a girl that plays DDR,
you know where you're likely to find that girl that plays DDR?
I don't know.
Out playing DDR somewhere.
Food for thought.
So my advice, if you're lonely, and sad, and single,
and you want to meet somebody.
And you know what, I'm a lonely, sad, single guy, but I try.
I go out and do things I enjoy, because that
is where I'm likely to meet people who have similar interests that I have.
So I suggest you all do the same.
of course now we've got all these
comments here in the chat room there. What are you talking about upskirt cam for DarkSakura?
I was doing that just to make fun of the DDR stuff.
Oh. Yeah that's when I got subjected to that in 2003.
Okay I'm not funny. See? Wait whoa whoa whoa whoa.
You were in an upskirt cam video? Angel was not in an upskirt cam video!
no I got subjected to the term upskirt cam in 2003
I get it I get it
all right kids it's time we end this train wreck of a show
put the nails in the coffin go around and get everybody's final thought next
week boys and girls it's episode 150
holy crap are we getting old
69. I don't remember 69, because I was... Wait, your mic's off, I think. No, it's not.
There... Ooh, it died for me. Yeah, the mic is going out. There you go. I don't remember
episode 69, because I was in San Diego living under the stairs in the Harry Potter room.
I remember that. You weren't... It was a gay frat. That was great. Alright. So I don't
know, what are we going to do... I was surrounded by all these cute guys, and they were all
gay. What are we going to do for episode 150? I mean, that's a pretty big number. I don't
I say it's time we-
JUNK SHUT UP!
No.
I say it's time we-
No.
No more of those for a long time.
No.
No, no, no, no, no.
I say we set the ferret on fire.
NO!
Oh my god, Rob, no.
Ah.
There we go.
All right.
We could rent a wood chipper and throw the ferret through a wood chipper.
Yes.
Okay, what?
We'll just try- we'll try performing surgery on that a little later.
Here, here.
Let me try something.
Here, let's switch for a minute.
What the fuck did the ferret ever do to you, okay?
The ferret has been good to you.
The ferret has been nice.
Check, check.
Here we go.
The ferret has been very good to you, yet you treat it so horribly.
I mean, do you have some sort of deep-rooted fear of ferrets?
You know, ferret bias, or...
We're going to land ourselves an extra special guest for episode 150, we're going to work
on that.
You know what I would love to get?
I should send an email this week, see if I can make it happen, because I have connections.
We should get some of the folks that made In the Groove on the show to argue with Loki.
I think it would be beautiful.
Oh my god, Rob.
You just got a song stuck in my head.
Do it!
Do it!
That connected song.
The Get Yourself Connected.
Who was it that did that fucking song?
This shit is bananas.
B-A-N.
No, forget it.
It's on the wall.
Alright, alright. The chat room is suggesting we have an orgy.
I think that was Fluke.
Episode 150 is Girls Only. Yeah, screw you. Screw you. Thank you.
Alright, let's go around and do it by a final thought.
Yeah, Girls Only. All breaks would be...
Girls...
Girls.
It took me a minute to get that joke.
Alright Angel, your final thought.
Meteors was interesting, but I'm still playing it.
Loki.
is hard to play on a PSP, or Game Boy Advance for that matter, or Game Boy Color. My final
thought is, word around the office is you got a fat cock. Dark Sakura. I don't know
how I can top that one. I do. You should have seen how her eyes looked all of a sudden.
I'm gonna report you to HR! Oh, wait. I am HR. Guess what we do. We flog.
Nah, we're all up for those medieval forms of...
They flog the dolphin.
Well, I was gonna go flog the...
No, forget it.
No, we use, like, whips and chains and...
Okay, it's, it's, I was telling somebody about an anime called Star Trap,
Ascenders of the Universe, so I'm going to go ahead and quote a line for that.
Eat me, beat me, make me write bad checks.
And the final word of the show, one word to sum the whole damn thing up.
I'm going to give it to DDR Angel, come on Angel, you haven't been here for a month.
One word, sum it all up.
Uh, that's it, bye.
That does it for another episode of Orange Lounge Radio Live.
Orange Lounge Radio Live is an Orange Lounge Radio production.
For more information about our station, visit our website at www.orangeloungeradio.com.
And now, here is your fortune cookie message of the day.
Was it just, was it just, was it just, yeah, was it just, was it just what you were?
Worlds were in the space between us, I should have made a sacrifice,
Or tried to meet a set of standards, I had a pretty good selection, of masters of the universe,
I had Boba Fett and Greedo, and I was close to 17,
C.S.A. took Dr. Connick any log, and she knew how to pass with J,
Shitty head eyes and look around for the boys who lie his legs to go to hate
At the time I was working on a novel, just another proof of my distraction
I come first wondering what she would think of that
What if I had wilder words of fiction, overwind and crack a smile lakeside
When she had just moved back up and moonwalked home
There was a girl she took away
While we're in the space between us
I guess I should have made a sacrifice
Or tried to meet her down at Sanders
But she didn't have respect for her strength
As I didn't have the strength for that
Ruben's shoes burned on my style
And they're still not, I was in the D&D
Na na na na na na na na na na na na na na
When I look back upon the 80s I never get pissed off at Ronald Reagan
I never paid attention to him back then But that chick who wore the parachute pants
The one who broke my heart, the one who broke hands
I just hope that one day we'll meet again I'm not sure, I'm not sure, I'm not sure
So I'm not sure, I'm not sure what I would do
I'm not sure it even matters
Because I know where everything is and she's got stuff stuck up in her ass
And it flows through the doors of my distance
She can only, she can only, she can only
Eat us up alive, eat us up alive
La, la, la, la, la, la...
Thank you very much for listening, and we'll see you next week.
Closing time. You don't have to go home, but you can't stay here. That's it. Show's over.
So piss off! Can I come back next week? No, yeah, come back in 15 seconds, because we're
going to reconnect to the Beaumonti Music and More program with all your favorite TDR
And listen to my show Tuesday, Pump Up the Lame.
And listen to the podcast, because we're cool.
Good night everybody!
Bye.
