Make it
And you feel as though there's made a new world come true
Make it
Gonna cut it out of there
So make it
Yeah, I'm the kind that
Can't hold it
The following live program is a special presentation of Orange Lounge Radio.
Tonight, on Orange Lounge Radio Live, it is episode number 150, which is a landmark number.
To celebrate this landmark occasion, we're going to do the same old crap we always do.
We're going to sit on here and pretend to do a show about DDR, and never talk about
it throughout the whole three hours.
And will we find out what the difference between white bread and rustic white bread actually
is?
That's right, Orange Lawn Radio, bringing you the news you really want to know!
About games that we're supposed to be talking about, but we're not.
For the past 150 episodes, no.
In all seriousness, we have brand new MP3s from Happy Sky for those three of you people
who haven't already torrented them.
We have some news on, there was something I wanted to say, oh the lawsuit!
There's more stuff about the lawsuit because we didn't get bitched out enough for talking
about the lawsuit too much last week.
All this and more tonight after this brief introduction, yadda yadda yadda yadda yadda
yadda yadda yadda.
Orange Lounge Radio is presented in the TMI sound format.
presented in the TMI sound format.
You are listening to Orange Lounge Radio Live.
This is Mommy's Pop Radio Live.
So much fun!
Oh God!
Heh heh heh heh! Call me Daddy!
Orange Lounge may contain adult content.
Orange Lounge may contain many four letter words.
Orange Lounge may contain a scene of nudity.
Orange Lounge may contain plenty of...
Just kidding, Orange Lounge Radio will not contain any of that.
In this episode...
Well isn't that special?
Orange Lounge Radio Live is a fully interactive program via our website
And now, here are your hosts for Orange Lounge Radio Live, Dark Sakura, Skye, and Loki.
We are live, and this is episode number 150 for this July the 17th, 2005 at your Tune
In to Orange Lounge Radio.
that gamers really want and this is orange lounge radio live your home for
all the news and discussion on rhythm and music games as well as the gamer
community and the pop culture world we're plugged in and fully interactive
through our website www.orange lounge radio.com my name is Rob Roberts you
might know me as sky joining me as always are my awesome co-hosts in this
In this corner, the happiest bunny on the farm is Jamie Summers, also known as Dark Sakura.
Actually, she's not here right now. In true Orange Lounge Radio fashion, whenever we have a really big show number, like a landmark show, she's off doing something else.
She will be here tonight, boys and girls. She'll just be a little late because there's a birthday in the family.
I think it's grandma or aunt or somebody's having a birthday so she's off there
but she'll be here around the seven o'clock hour so she's probably on her
way right now
but we do have the one and only tech master, Loki!
I am here. And how are you doing?
Okay I guess. Did you go on a diet or something?
No. Because you used to bring in the Pizza Hut every night.
And now you brought in the Togo's. I had pizza yesterday.
Well, we do have the one and only, uh, Loki's fiance with us tonight.
Hi!
So she's gonna fill in for Jamie, giving us the female perspective.
Ah, the world sucks, I'm Jamie! I hope she's not listening.
No, she's not. But, I have to know, um, what are your favorite video games?
I don't know, Matt.
Tetris?
Yeah, Tetris! I like Tetris.
She also likes Zookeeper.
yes and I like to keep her like pac-man do you what do you think of DDR it kind
of looks like line dancing because when you have like the two people and there
is it kind of does don't you think kinda kinda oh yes it's gonna be a fun show
tonight boys and girls we'll be back after this brief introduction we're
We're going to play some MP3s from the new Happy Sky soundtrack.
Happy Sky!
Does that make you Happy Sky?
No, actually, I'll tell you what I think about 2DX12's style in a little bit.
I do like this first song we're going to play.
We're going to start it off with a remix of Thunder, a new DJ Taka song from Happy Sky.
Oh, not the same Thunder I thought it was.
No, but it's that...
The, I'm moving through the mea-
You know the one everybody used to play on ASL? Such a horrid song.
Such a horrid song. Well, they remixed it for Happy Sky.
We're gonna play that.
You'll see, you'll see. You're the recognizer, or you don't.
Inazuma will be back after this
There is a love to find
I'm where my heart belongs
I'm living through the mist
I love to find
I just want to let you know I just want to let you know
At the top of my journal
Music
Music
Music
Music
After this song, we'll be having a Let Them Move marathon.
No!
Just kidding, Orange Lounge Radio, crap-free Bhavani Radio.
We are back here on the Orange Lounge Radio.
Those were some musics there from 2DX, Happy Sky, 12th Style.
I just call it 12th Style.
I don't care if they're giving them subtitles now, it's 12th Style.
Happy Sky.
And as a homosexual, I'm going to say Happy Sky is the gayest name I've ever heard.
Sorry.
Super Happy American Death Party!
In that break, we heard DJ Taco with Inazuma, which is a remix of Thunder, and I got bitched
in the chatroom because you know jazz came in and was like nah you did not just bash on thunder
uh-uh no you didn't and um okay i like thunder i like it a lot but let's face it that song was
horrid when 2d x8 style was that it was that and beauty of silence and i love beauty of silence too
uh but those songs were all hoard so i'm sorry i was having trouble paying attention to those
songs because nelly here is trying to violate me with this stupid ethernet hey hey hey stop
Stop sticking that cat five up his pants.
We've got to put that...
I stuck it up Rob's butt a minute ago and he didn't even notice it.
Did you, Rob?
Can I try and do the show here, please?
Sorry.
All right.
After that break, Ryu...
I'm sorry.
Also in that set, Ryu with In Motion, Mr. T with Vault of Heaven, and the one more extra
stage, oh my gods, Amuro versus Killer with Mei, which means dark in Japanese.
You know what else it means?
I made the same song three times. That's what it means
Let me let me just run my hand up and down the piano again, and let's see
It's the same damn beat. Oh, I made a song piano in it. I'm gonna run my hand up and down the piano
Oh, you know that's not the part
Where's the part with us?
And you know that's just gonna be key presses all over the place and people are only gonna be able to beat it by putting
it on random unless you're just insane at 2DX which and you know if that's the
case and more power to you anyway I don't know I me personally I haven't
really sat down and listened to all the happy sky mp3s I'm not cool I didn't get
the mp3s earlier in the week I just got them last night so I haven't had a
chance to listen to all of them but the ones I did listen to I was kind of like
it's not that great I mean me personally but you know what to be honest I hated
I did Sixth Style when it first came out too, like when I first heard the soundtrack to Sixth Style, I was like, what a bunch of garbage.
But then when I actually played it on the home console, or, I don't know, no, when I played it in the arcades, I was like, wow, there's actually a lot of songs in here I really do like, after all.
I think, and as somebody said, it has to do with soundboard rips versus original soundtrack.
Navi, the pop music horror, and I were talking about this on AIM last night, it has to do with the rips from the game with the key presses versus the way it sounds on the original soundtrack.
can change the way it sounds a lot so I'm hoping my opinion of the songs
change because right now I'm just kind of like hey even with 2dx red I was kind
of hey I mean there were a couple songs I really likes in red on the way of
guitar freaks I know it makes me sad because for for a long time we were
thinking that Oh 2dx is gonna be dead ten style is the last one and then it
came back and we're all excited and then the songs are so far but somebody out
there likes them so I guess we shouldn't rag on them too much it's just not my
cup of tea. They need to do, because the killer, I mean, I can't remember the song they did
for 2DX Red, whatever it was. It, it was some cool song, or crappy song, I mean. And, um,
so now, um, I don't know, the killer sounds like something like a metal band. And that
would've been awesome, like, you know, heavy metal guitars with the piano, I guess. I think
that would've been cool. But, that was, what did he do? The killer's like, I'm gonna speed
the tempo up. Look, I'm done. That was it. That was my contribution.
Alright, anyways, that's my rant on Happy Sky. It's like, you honestly wonder, yeah,
we need one more extra stage song. Ugh! Fine, let's just, oh, I can't take a piece of that,
piece of that, speed it up, done. There are a couple songs in 2DX Happy Sky I do kinda
like. I liked the Thunder remix because I loved the original Thunder, even though it
It was Hoard. So Hoard.
Yeah, I liked it until she started singing.
That's the part that comes from Thunder. The rest of it's all different.
Oh yeah, that's why.
Anyway.
That would be like, you know, doing, you know, having the intro part, you know, there and then all of a sudden the left of the move breaks in there.
It just doesn't fit. It's the same with that, you know.
Okay, remember Ultramix 2, and it had a remix of Make a Jam, which wasn't bad, it was actually
kind of cool, the Make a Jam remix, you remember that?
Somebody could remix Let Them Move and make it a good song, they really could, it's just
nobody wants to.
Or something.
No, Let Them Move could be remixed into a good song, please.
If they could make Make a Jam a good song, Let Them Move remix for Ultramix 3!
Please!
And Michael Jackson can make a comeback, too.
That's right.
All right, we'll start off tonight's show as we usually
like to start off the show playing a little bit of How
Was Your Week, How Was Your Day?
Loki, how was your week, how was your day?
It sucks.
It started off good, and then it just ended up crappy.
Started off OK throughout the week and everything, hiding
from the heat because it's been pretty hot around here.
And then on Friday, I had to start babysitting my mom's dog,
so that involves house-sitting as well.
Wouldn't that be considered dog-sitting?
No, it's also house-sitting, and she acts like a baby.
So anyways, I had to go do that.
Luckily, ironically enough or whatever,
the air conditioning stopped working in our apartment.
Luckily, we're in another house, so it doesn't really
matter right now.
But no, this is the second time it's happened since we've lived there. So that's not good. And then, um, what else? Oh, yeah, the dog is on this weird routine because my mom works weird hours. She works, you know, really early in the morning. Gives up, like, four in the morning. So the dog wakes me up three times during the night. It's, like, once at eleven, once at three, once at seven, and then once at ten. It's, like, knock it off. And, like, she'll wake you up.
Okay, you wanna go outside? Nope, just staring at you. I don't want anything, I just wanted to wake you up.
That's fucking annoying.
So, that sucked. And then, um...
I don't know, really, other than that, not too much has been going on in work. It's been okay.
I've been just kind of trying to pay attention to work as much as possible and not fiddle with my PSP.
people want me to put games on there because they outed me as saying that
oh yeah that guy knows how to put Nintendo games on your PSP
so everybody walks up to me and says are you busy?
put games on it!
I have to constantly do that but you know
it's cool you know I think it's wonderful that you work for the game
distributor and you're a big ol' pirate when it comes to things like that I mean
seriously
there are pirates inside every company and they wonder why
this stuff turns up on the internet days after release.
I don't pirate games.
Much?
I don't pirate any games. I don't...
I'm not the person that puts them on the internet.
I'm just the person who downloads them off the internet.
And shares them with all your co-workers.
I don't...
Okay, I share the Nintendo games with them, but you know what?
They're so small.
It's like... I don't know.
And these other games...
Loki, Loki, are you busy? Could you come rob a bank with me?
These other games that I'm testing out
are just games that aren't coming out over here yet. It's all Japanese games on my PSP.
By the way, I should say that my PSP has four commercial games on the memory card itself.
Your internet penis is huge. Congratulations. Thank you.
And, yeah, so that's pretty much my week. It's been just that, so.
Oh, oh, forgot. Yesterday we had our bad movie night. It was pretty cool.
cool we watched it came from somewhere else which was really retarded all the
violent all the gore and nudity scenes were all in color but the rest of the
movie is black and white and then we started watching this movie called like
Hanzo the razor or something like that and I highly recommend no one watches
this because I thought okay samurai you know exploitation movie or something
like that you know it's made in the 70s or whatever and Hanzo's like torturing
himself you know first then all of a sudden out of nowhere he's pouring hot
water on his penis and then puts it on a Lego board and starts beating it with a stick
and then starts screwing a bag of rock salt I was like what the hell are you
watching why did you make me watch this and the whole movie is right in the back
I'm like oh my god why are we watching this thing so we turn that off and then
we watch attack attack the gas station which that movie is awesome so it ended
on a good note and uh...
yet hansa the raiser don't watch it awful movie
and that was my week
all right sounds good
who made you want some of the
for jason he brought every said this movie is awesome
he didn't even watch it might do it
and we're like
are come on
they've been
it is like it even like
showed it but it was kind of blurred out, you know, out of focus, but it was just all
like bang, I'm like what the... And this review is coming from a man who made people sit their
feeders too, and then the people go, why are we watching this, this is crap, he goes, no,
this is awesome, look how bad it is. They sat there about two minutes of that, I wanted
to watch Feeders 2 last night, I brought it to the table, I'm like, let's watch this,
this is the worst movie ever, okay? Ugly damn people in this movie, but no one on the watch
list. Santa Claus saves the day. Have I ever made you watch Desperate Living, one of my
favorite movies, John Waters? No. With the amazingly humongous black woman that's
like full-frontally nude through a lot of the movies? You know, I probably would enjoy
the movie just because I enjoy weird movies like that. It's awesome. It's like one of
my favorite movies ever. Well, there's another one I'm getting, I haven't paid for it yet,
but it's inbred, or is it Bloodsucking Vampire Rednecks? That's gonna be coming. If you look
up the, well, let me just say there's this really ginormous person in this movie that's
nude in it as well, and she must weigh like 600 pounds.
I kid you not. You know, you and I need to go to that trash film orgy sometime. Oh my
God. They do this thing here in Sacramento where, you know, we all live and the show's
based. They do this trash film orgy at the big, the artsy theater downtown and they show
all these like really horrid, horrid movies. Well, this old friend of mine that I used
to do Rocky Horror with, like way back in the day, she is like the trash film queen
or whatever. Well, I'm surfing Myspace yesterday and I see this picture and it says the trash
film queen and all it is is a picture of breasts with stickers taping over it. I'm like dude
that's Sarah! Yes! But the scary thing is I recognized a picture of a girl from the
breasts alone and nothing else. That's pretty odd. Those are huge ass tits so you can see
them from. She's awesome though. Anyways, I know this is great radio, but I wanted to
show you a picture of this woman that's in this movie and this is the reason why
this movie is so awful but let me see here doo-doo-doo-doo-doo there it is
right there she basically sits on some guy's head and it like kills him that's
what I look like they can see look at it okay so can you post a link in our chat
room to that oh yeah you're not in the chair are you not in the chair where is
it's not something up just look it up on something awful calm go under their
movie reviews and look for blood-sucking vampire rednecks and go to about page
four and yeah though I love reading something awful comms movie reviews
because they're hilarious but anyways yeah it it's nasty so yeah you know it's
it's um it's kind of like last week when I was trying to show all the videos on
air you try to go in and show people the the things you're doing nevermind yeah
it's like if you were to make if you were to take some really nasty biker
woman and eye patch and her leg is like the size of an elephant that was probably
be that you know like an accurate description anyway don't lie you know
know you think she's hot. Oh yeah I want to do her folds. Speaking of videos that
we play. Common behavior years ago can now be sexual harassment. Smells like vagina in here.
My vagina? Smells like fresh vagina in here. Are you talking about my vagina? Maybe. Anyway um Nellie
Emily, how was your week? How was your day?
It was the same as Matt's except I watched that video and that was pretty funny
and I showed it to my coworker and she told me a funny story about
how she had sex with this guy but not really where he kind of slipped
and he entered in between her butt cheeks again. You know we have children that listen to this
program. Keep talking. That's what my week was like. It was like talking
about funny shit like that. So it was wonderful and today
That was great, because I got laid.
Ironically enough, so did I.
No!
My old friend Bugged, who's known me longer than most people.
Yes, and I feel like I don't know you anymore.
Why is that? Because of these freaks!
The chat room is telling me I'm not actually gay, because of the fact that I was able to ID a woman based on her tits.
No, no, no. That has nothing to do with...
Bugs has known I was gay longer than I have, actually.
It's true!
Alright, anyway. How was your week? How was your day?
Not as exciting as anyone else's.
Did you get laid today?
No.
That's too bad.
We gotta make them blush, not us.
What was Rob like when he was just this little whore?
What? I was never a little whore. I didn't get laid.
I didn't lose my virginity until I was like 20 years old, but you have to remember I had all these issues going on at the same time.
So if you're like-
Andrea issues?
Don't talk about my aunt's girlfriend on the air! We're famous on the internet, she might listen for god's sake.
No.
I'm just looking at Loki's screen and-
Stop. Stop.
Yeah.
Stop.
You're horrible.
That's why you keep me around.
Anyway, now I lost my train of thought. Forget it.
Now my week wasn't exciting to anyone else.
I know what I was going to say. If you're still 20-21 and you haven't lost your virginity, it might just be because you're gay.
No, I'm kidding. I'm kidding. I'm totally kidding you guys.
But I had all those issues.
You're really ugly.
Stop it.
Was that your problem, Matt?
I...
Yes it was!
Look...
My plate caused the deaths of thousands of people!
That's a great story, you should tell it on there.
Look, look, um, that's why it took so long, because I was like, do I like pussy?
Actually, no I don't.
I kind of like, I like guys, so...
Everybody likes pussy.
My hands smell like tuna.
I'm bugged! Anything else you want to say about your week and your day?
It's fucking hot. It is. Is the AC on in here? I don't know.
I don't know. You live here. All right.
Your TV's running. Oh, that's true. And nobody's out there watching
it? No. No. That was my week and my day. As of like
an hour and a half ago, I just purchased a new HDTV, a 30-inch HDTV, because I wanted
Must be nice.
Well, here's the thing. I have some extra money right now, because this is a three paycheck month.
And so I was deciding, do I want to get a power book, or do I want to get a new TV?
And I was going to get the power book, but then my friend said, oh, it'll take six weeks to get here.
I'm like, fuck that, because I'm going to the East Coast, because I'm going to get the discount, because my friend works for Apple.
But it would take six weeks to get there. And I said, well, fuck that, because I'm going to Pennsylvania in two weeks, and that's what I want my laptop for.
So I'm just going to use my parent shitty old...
What the hell is this whole nexus with Pennsylvania?
I don't know. It's just this void where I get sucked into for work.
My roommates just moved there. My new roommates are from there.
You're bouncing through there.
Yeah, I know. It's weird.
I feel sorry for everyone in Pennsylvania.
So anyway, I really want to get a PowerBook, but it'll wait until the end of the year because I also really want a TV.
So I'm getting the TV first.
So I got the TV.
Interesting gratification.
But get this, the TV, it's not bad. I got it at Costco. Only $600.
No shit?
Yeah, not bad for HDTV the picture is pretty good
You should see a DVD on that thing pop in the Xbox put that on white screen looks hot mom's looking for a new TV
But I have to set up her TiVo tomorrow
Hmm, I have to set up her new TiVo tomorrow
You know why I was gonna get a TiVo and then I realized we can't use TiVo
Because we don't have a phone line in the house, but don't need a phone line
But you have to have a phone line for the initial setup. Don't you take it somebody else's place?
Oh shit, I never thought of that. You're too smart! Get out of my house!
How the fuck do you think I did it?
You can join our chat room, www.orangelaungeradio.com
Or not.
No, join it. It's a good time. And I've got some comments here. Somebody is saying
Somebody is shaking their fist at me because they're 28 and still a virgin.
Dude, it's alright. You know what? Let me give you the truth about sex, okay?
Oh, this should be good.
Once you have it, you always want it.
Is it a boy or a girl?
Seriously, don't lose a boy.
Oh, I'll tell you why you're still a virgin.
Why?
Because you're in that chatroom.
Stop it!
That's not...
He's a nice guy.
Stop it.
Who is it?
Some...
A good...
I'm sorry if you're nice.
Hey, hey.
Our chatroom gets people laid.
I don't want to think about that.
Look, I'll tell you what.
Once you have it, you always want it.
Stay a virgin until you're 40, honestly.
What else is there?
Somebody wants to know if there's an Apple store here in Sacramento.
Yes, there is, and I was just there today.
Because my roommate, his ex-defer, is having a birthday on Tuesday,
and his parents got him a gift card for the Apple store,
and he went and bought an iPod.
But the little bastard, for the same price I bought my iPod for,
like, what, in December, he got a color iPod.
I got mine for 190, 20 gig.
Fucking Apple. Fucking price cuts.
He should have paid more than what I pay, it's not fair.
What'd you pay, $300? $300.
That's what he paid today and he got a color one. I got a 20 gig black and white,
he got a 20 gig color. So he's like, and of course he has to come in here and show me,
Look Rob! I have album art on my iPod!
I look at my iPod twice a day. The rest of the time it resides in my armrest.
Anyway.
The rest of my week of my day, I saw Charlie and the Chocolate Factory on Friday night.
Oh my God, I loved it.
It was so good.
Don't go there expecting to see the first movie because a common misconception about
this new movie is that it's a remake of the first movie and it's not.
It's a remake of the book, or I should say a reinterpretation of the book because the
first movie, as good as it was, don't get me wrong, I love the first movie, but they
got so many things really, really wrong from the book.
Where the hell was the elevator?
The elevator was in the first movie, it was on the very end.
Not as prominently as it was in the book.
Exactly, exactly.
And just the songs were different, and Veruca Salt's whole scene was completely different.
But some people like that because she had the whole, I want it now, now, you know, she
added a whole little song and some people loved that.
And that's not in the new movie, and that drives some people crazy.
But I'm telling you, the new movie is awesome.
I loved it.
I highly recommend it.
The reason why I liked it, one of the reasons why I liked it, is because Johnny Depp, like,
hates kids in that movie. And that made it funny.
But some of the, um, Rob, what? Stop mumbling! I can't understand a word you're saying.
Stop it. Yes, uh, Chatroom gave one of the best quotes
in the movie. Everything in this room is edible, including
me, but that's cannibalism, and it's frowned on in many societies.
I liked that. That was funny. Anyway, but some of the Oompa Loompa songs
are crazy. Like here's a little clip from one of the songs.
See, like the songs are just like nutty in this one. Like they range from that
little like weird balloting. Well, like Night Near Before Christmas was, you know.
Well, Danny Elfman did all the songs, so it's like Oingo Boingo revisited. He sung it
all and did the whole like nine yards of that but then like some of the songs
are like way different like then like Veruca's salt song is like a ballad
anyway I like the movie it was cool I stopped the lighter for that one go see
it I highly recommend it it was good don't go in expecting Gene Wilder Willy
Wonka and the Chocolate Factory because that's not what you're gonna get but if
you read the books as a kid you're gonna be you're gonna be very pleased what
about Johnny what about Johnny Depp as a pirate but Johnny Depp doesn't play a
a pirate in this. I heard his inspiration for this movie was Marilyn Manson, which kind
of makes sense.
Oh my God.
No, he said no.
No?
He said it was the original movie.
No, it can't be, because he's nothing like you.
It was Michael Jackson. We know it's Michael Jackson. He's just not admitting to it.
But no, it can't be Michael Jackson, because, hey, Dark Soccer's here. His inspiration can't
be Michael Jackson, because Michael Jackson loves kids almost a little too much. And in
this movie Johnny Depp hated children and that's what made it so amazingly
wonderful that's why I liked it hi dark Sakura you're here in classic orange
lounge fashion your tardy to a landmark episode number I'm kidding huh I'm just
kidding I was doing grandma duty that's all right whose birthday was it I
couldn't remember it's grandmother 70th birthday and grandma 70th person in
Granite Bay in, like, John L. Sullivan's neighborhood.
Granite Bay is like the Mormon central of Northern California.
It's also where rich people go, and they form colonies.
There's no difference.
We went to a school that had half of Granite Bay in it, so the parking lot was like bugs,
old Mustangs, and then Mercedes and BMWs.
I felt very ill the whole time I was there.
It was not too funny.
You didn't go to Wendy's, did you?
brother works there no we had like like gourmet chicken ooh and it landed the
right way and ribs and all kinds of rich people food did you have hors d'oeuvres
no did you have a cheese what's rich white snobby people food did you have
Do you have Escargot?
No, we had like really good salad though.
That's good.
Alright.
DarkSakurai, you're here just in time.
How was your week?
How was your day, my friend?
I played some PSO.
That was it.
Seriously, that was it.
I got really bored.
My computer decided to die.
I put those stupid Windows updates on it.
I'm so ready to get a Mac.
of all this Microsoft bullshit.
Come to the light side.
No!
You know what, you need to get off of your little I hate Mac piece of shit because you
know what, they're really good computers if...
You don't know jack about computers, that's what they're good for, is if you don't want
to do anything.
No, they're more for the people who are specialists in their fields.
Well, they rocket gaming too.
You can also put a bunch of Macs together and get a lot more power out of them, processing
power out of them.
I'm warming up to Macs. I want one. I'm not going to play games on it. I want it for audio.
If I want to play games, I get myself a G5 and put virtual PC on it. I can play any game
I want to, and a story. And on top of that, I have a system that's good for graphics.
I do admit that there's a lot of really stupid Mac users out there who are ultimately clueless
because it actually can do a bunch of stuff for you.
And then there's like the smart people.
So I think like the middle of the line people, the mediocre people are all PC.
Are you still thinking of Macintoshes as what we used in high school though?
Maybe that's the problem.
No.
No, not you.
That's because he's inflexible and won't learn to adjust.
Oh, I am plenty flexible, but I just don't see the processing power of a toaster.
Please don't ever say you're flexible again.
It might damage the children.
I don't think you understand the concept of flexible.
Oh, I understand flexible.
Alright. I think we're going to go to a break.
All I have to say is, you know, in the groove it's just as good as DDR.
No, no, no, no, no. I go for innovation, not stupidity.
I want to talk about the lawsuit, just for a little bit. The chatroom got mad at us because we talked about it too much last week, but I want to say a little bit. There's a little bit of news going on, so I want to talk about that.
Oh, but the chatroom got upset! Oh, no!
You know, the chatroom also needs to learn how to be flexible, too.
right we'll be back after this in this break I want to play a new song from the
new Katamari Damacy game because I got I got some rips from it so we're gonna
play this one I haven't even listened to any of them yet but this one's called
Katamari holiday how bad could it be and the holiday song they didn't worry you
know the movie Katamari Damacy did have the track you are smart with the one
that gave me splitting headaches well we'll see how this one is we'll be back
Check after this with more Orange Lounge Radio.
Singo yu kimi no sugata katadoru
Natsukashi ashi wo forga
Taiyoku suru yomatsan shang
Wara wo
Asari yurari
Atamari ni tsutamari
Nakare nukate ryoi
santamattham asi tihi santamattham asi tihi
asi dasu
mukhaside ata
michi
wasu de teta
Atro-sassai-mata-ru-mishii-wa
Mumi-no-ai-mitsu-ba-te-mo
O-ara-yume
Kimi-to
I-tsu-de-no-lo-ai-na-do
Tsume-di-dai-kuro-tsu-yuu
You won't need my only thing or you
Die your piece until your mind starts to shine
It's too late to throw a ride at you
Too late is I could offer you
Umori, mado ni fimoho
Mlen.
Perfect!
Howdy boys and girls
We're back with more Orange Lounge Radio. Hope you enjoyed that rather long song from Katamari Damacy, but damn it
We just wanted to see if the music in the second game would be just as good as the first game and it's okay
It's part of the chorus. I probably didn't play like the best song
I just picked a good sounding one because I honestly haven't had time to listen to the whole soundtrack
So I just picked one with a good name. So maybe I didn't pick the right one
We are back. We'll talk a little more about the DDR and some of the other games we've been playing
Um what the hell the chat room over at orange launch radio.com click on chat
They're saying I sound like cookie from you don't know Jack
And this this is not the first time the subject has been brought up
I wouldn't know about I've played you don't know Jack like the first one, but I
Then there's like you don't know Jack like every type of addition under the Sun. There was like you know you don't know Jack
Monkey edition, I don't know it's crazy stuff. That's my favorite one
Anyway, here we are.
Let's see, what's going on in the DDR world is that, you
know, there's more stuff going on with the lawsuit, basically.
We talked about this in great lengths last week.
Well, DDR Freak likes to play the smoking gun in these types
of situations, and they dig up the legal documents and post
them on the website for everybody to see.
So you can head on over to ddrfreak.com, and you, too,
can check out the amended complaint against Red Octane
mad cats so everybody can try to be a lawyer yay which just makes the forums
light up with you know blah blah blah blah blah blah I think I'm a lawyer I
know that this this this and I know this this this and the real fact of the
matter is nobody knows shit unless you've been to law school so it's just
interesting everybody's kind of got their own opinion on this whole thing
going on I thought however there was a really excellent article that was done
by our buddy El Mullet, and it's posted over on InsidePulse.com, and he really breaks the
whole thing down, and I encourage anyone that has a passing interest in the lawsuit thing,
this is really what I wanted to talk about, visit InsidePulse.com and check out El Mullet's
article about the whole lawsuit thing, because it really breaks down both sides, and just
kind of talks about, you know, hey, despite how you feel if In the Groove is a good game
or a bad game this is how they're in violation of the law and a story yeah it
doesn't matter how much you go oh you're wrong if it were a good game it wouldn't
matter well this is what ticks people off and this was in the original lawsuit
documents and of course it showed up in these original documents too as the
Konami and their lawsuit says in the groove is an inferior game and people
go you know all the in the groove fanboys he goes but it's got the minds
and it's got the increased steps, and it's got better music.
OK, despite, you know, I don't really
want to have that argument again.
Either you like In the Groove more than you like DDR Extreme
or any of the previous mixes, or you don't.
You're one way or the other.
You think they're OK.
I don't know.
And I did find what was interesting about it
was the whole, they were showing like their patents and stuff,
and they were showing pictures of the concept for DDR and stuff.
And the arrows were supposed to be scrolling downwards
as the original concept.
Those were actually, those documents
in the first set of documents. Well I didn't pay attention to that then. That's why I figured.
Most people didn't because I had, or there was all these people on DDRFreak that I was
watching talk about it like they were new and I'm like, wait a minute, those were in
the first attachment. Didn't you read them all? Oh well. But so, so people are going,
ah, ITG's not inferior. But I think what you have to remember is that the reason why they're
calling it inferior is because, well in A, in their minds it is, I mean, the fact of
the matter. B, just the fact that I think a lot of it has to do with the setup of the
being inferior. And this is why I talked about when the first lawsuit came up is that the
hardware itself is the inferior part. Because in the beginning, and I'm not talking about
in the group two, and neither is the lawsuit, in the beginning, in the group did not have
its own cabinet. It was built to be a stowaway game in other cabinets. Therefore, the hardware
is inferior. Of course, now this lawsuit addresses the home versions, et cetera, et cetera. So
I don't know. I guess they call it inferior because of the fact that it's basically...
Inferior. It's a mock-up of DDR. It kind of started, if you think about it, StepMania,
it's built on a StepMania emulator. You mean a mockery of DDR?
If you think about it, StepMania was built to simulate DDR, right? So a simulator is
always going to be inferior to the original, right? I don't know. I guess that's one way
you can look at it. I don't want to get too far into this, though.
I like how the step charts are already online for In the Groove, because they were easily
ripped from the game because well guess what it's in the groove so wow that was difficult
i know i know how do you like them apples in the groove rock sore but you know what for
i don't think it hurts them at all because the same people that are into the stepmania scene i
think are a large part of the in the groove fan base yourself accepted that was before retards
I don't understand why you won't even give the game a chance you just fucking
suck you've been anti-integration crap out better themes than that and honestly
I suck at making themes I mean those are the plainest looking things I've ever
seen it looks like something you would see in beta okay it's like a beta game
you know he really wouldn't touch it if it was on a Mac I really wouldn't touch
it if it was on a Mac that'd be just crap it it kind of reminds me of the Mac
it's nice and smoothed out and plain colors and pointless because there's
games out there that are better just because it tries to look pretty
iTunes is cool go iTunes just you know run iTunes on your PC Intel PC or you
you know, actually better than Intel PC, your AMD PC,
and you're good to go.
Now, if you have a Mac, you might as well just
get one of those Cyrix chips and throw it in your PC.
Let's step back a generation, shall we?
We've got some folks in the chat room that are going, let me at them,
let me at them.
We will open up the Skype line in a little bit
if you want to give your comments and feedback.
And those cards and letters, love letters addressed to Loki.
www.OrangeLoungeRadio.com
I swear to God, if I ever win an iPod or anything, that sucker is getting burned.
Well, hard drive being ripped out of it first, then it's getting burned.
You know, I don't understand your hatred because I can understand like maybe five years ago
when it looked like Apple was going to go, but now Apple is really, really picking up
and they have got a lot of great products and they're innovative.
I have the same problem with Apple that I also have with VW.
Let's make cute cars that suck.
Cause people like cute, so they'll buy cute.
Have you driven one?
VW has the worst ratings as far as reliability.
Have you driven one?
I've driven in one.
That's not driving one. Have you driven one?
No.
Okay, then you don't have room to talk.
Go have fun.
I don't want to drive your crappy car, no.
I don't want to drive your piece of shit.
Okay.
I'm sorry, you do drive a Ford.
Six off and repair daily.
Most of a Ford.
No, my Ford is fine. I've never had any problems my for yet. Wait three years
Wait three years. I'm a former. I hate to say it Loki. I'm a former Ford owner. Wait, wait
Fine, the only Fords that last any time are the old ones like my fiance's Mustang. Oh
Yeah, that's a sexy car. I
Will never buy another Ford all my car
Thing I will never touch a Mac all my cars from now on will be foreign and you know that my Lancer like completely kicks
all your car's asses combined, so... There will be some... You know what? You're a remixer.
You remix songs. You have never been enticed by some of the Apple products like GarageBand
or any of this stuff, ever. No. Because I can get the same thing on a PC, you know?
So what? Ooh, it's got GarageBand. Ooh! You know, there's a PC equivalent for that. You
know, honestly, if you have a decent sound card, it's gonna sound just the same. The
Mac does not have anything that, you know, a decent sound card can't be better than.
So, I don't really care.
Honestly, the thing that I hated about the original Macs and stuff was the fact that everything was hardwired.
And I still hate those stupid iMacs. Those things are dumb.
You know, you can take the new G5s and put new hard drives in them and upgrade the RAM and everything.
Yeah, it's about time that they got with the game.
Just, they don't tell you you can do this. But you can.
Alright kids, Skype line is open. Give us a call.
It's about time to get those Intel processors in there as well.
www.orangelandrater.com, click on Skype. If you want to talk about
the lawsuit, you want to yell at Loki, although please kids, we can
go back and forth on this all day long. This is the classic
interweb debate, is Mac versus PC. I thought this debate ended
like five years ago. Leave it to Loki to bring it back up.
to the FUs of the week, because I've got a whole other thing
that I'm going to re-bring up again.
Goody, goody.
All right.
So the Skype line's open.
If you want to call in www.orangeloungeradio.com,
click on Interact With Us.
Oh, and look at that.
We're starting to get some phone calls.
I think this one's really been wanting to get through.
Hi, you're on Orange Lounge Radio.
Oh, I figured I'd come back.
I've got to jump in on this Mac versus PC debate here.
Can you guys hear us in studio?
I've got first-hand experience on this.
OK.
Who's this? I work on these things. Introduce yourself please. Sorry, introduce yourself sir.
I'm Reznor. I've called in a couple of times. You're the one that does the con on the East Coast, right?
Yeah. Okay, I remember this guy. Alright. So what's on your mind?
Well, I work on PCs and Mac day in and day out. I used to really hate Macs.
And after working on them for about
three months,
Max can kick PC's asses all up and down the block.
If I have to just fix another PC user that brought it in
because their stupid kid downloaded Kaza and got Spyware
all over it after I just cleaned it up, I'm going to
scream.
I'll give you that, because Max had been pretty, you know,
because people assume that nobody uses Max, they haven't
been as much of a target for the spyware and everything.
You know, I think.
We've had so many PC people just come in and just ditch,
They had one guy trade in three PCs and bought two iMacs and a PowerBook on the spot
because he was so sick and tired of his machine crashing and all sorts of crap.
Well...
Yep, those stupid users need a stupid computer, so it fits right in.
Because, you know, goddamn retard's true.
Honestly...
I actually own both, so...
There's things... Obviously the PC does gaming a lot better,
But for everything else, I use my Mac for damn near anything.
See, the thing I don't like about Macs is it's, for me, it seems like it's for the users that aren't really used to PC, you know, used to computing.
They want something, I want to turn it on and be able to surf the web or something like that.
And that's what Mac is good for.
But for the people that like, you know, doing power stuff with their PC, Mac is...
You like their power tools.
They try to, they granny you to death.
And Microsoft does the same thing, and I hate both.
and I hate both. You know what it is? You like to build your own PCs, don't you? You like to jam stuff with that.
That's why you don't like Macs, because Macs don't allow you that flexibility.
You like being able to buy a part here. I'm gonna have to differ with them on this one.
I've got about like six PCs laying around that I just built
from just parts laying around. I'll build them day in, day out.
But for the Mac, I'd like to be able to turn it on in three seconds and boot it up.
I can just do stuff with it. I don't have to fool around with it, futz around with it.
it always will work. I don't have to worry about something, you know, going bad.
I don't have to worry about swapping parts in and out.
It just works. You know what, though?
To me, Apple sometimes... I can understand this side of it.
Going in to buy an Apple is like going in to buy a Dell.
I can't stand Dells either. I can't agree with you on that one.
Buying an Apple is not like buying a Dell because...
But not Dell......support for Dell.
No, because the difference between a Dell and an Apple is Dell is sort of a put together
piece of crap, except for my laptop, which is pretty nice.
And apples actually work.
That's pretty good analogy.
A Dell is kind of like if you took a giant pile of shit and then you put a nice little
case around it and you painted it black, whereas with an Apple, you actually put something
useful in it and made it really small.
But to one thing's sake in defense of Dell's, which I really do need to say, their PCs are
crap but the laptops are pretty nice.
I'm not talking about like the quality of service or anything like that because we all
We all know Dell outsources their customer service, and Apple's got a pretty decent customer
service setup.
I'm not talking about that whole, like, the actual act of going in and purchasing, but
I'm talking about that all-in-one feeling, where you're buying a computer in a box.
I mean, let's face it, the Mac Mini is totally a computer in a box.
Yes, you can mod those things, but the average user isn't going to be doing that.
Right?
Exactly.
Whereas, to build a PC, you really have to think about, the average user really has no
need to modify a Mini.
That's why they buy a Mini.
Yeah, I understand that.
You plug it in and it works.
for freaks like us who buy the mini and then mod the hell out of it.
You're not a normal user, nor am I. I have an iBook, and I run Terminal on it.
You run Linux! The instant you install...
The minute you install Linux on anything, you are already reached geek levels.
I only use it for server-side stuff.
That's the cool thing about it!
No, I know the Mac is Linux-based, but I'm talking about the
Yeah, I'm talking about the hardcore stuff, okay?
Because even though the Mac runs on Linux now, it is still a Mac.
It still feels like the old black and white Macs that we used to play Number Munchers on, okay?
Number Munchers!
I always played Where in the World is Carmen Sandiegas, thank you very much.
I played that on my Commodore 64, biatch.
Dark Castle.
Actually, I'd like to correct you. It would be black and green.
Oh, I'm eating this old school shit up.
Yeah, keep on going.
Oregon Trail, yo.
I just... Kix! Dude, where's Oregon Trail on the PSP? That's what we need!
No, Kix on an Apple IIe. Oh my God! Kix! Oh my God!
Was that the name of the Dark Castle? It was only on a Mac. They didn't have it on PC and you were going through...
That game was sex. That was a great game. No, it was Kix and Lode Runner on an Apple IIe.
Lode Runner. Oh my God. I've lost countless bets trying to beat high scores in that game.
But see, all these games you all are talking about, they had on the Commodore 64.
Hey, I remember sitting there with my Ti-94 computer with the cartridge crappy thing,
trying to program little bouncing balls, blipping the little blippy music in BASIC.
I remember loading BASIC stuff onto my, um, Ti-86, or not Ti-86.
The Ti-85 calculator?
No, not 85. It's the actual old, um...
The Ti-99?
No, it's the old Texas Instrument computer, not the calculator, actually the old computer, using a cassette tape, okay?
Hey, I had one of those!
You are the TI-99 and you dare to bash on Macs now?
No, this was when I was five, and it wasn't a TI-99, it was my first computer, it was a Texas Instrument when I was five, and it's not, um, TI-99 was a calculator.
I'm angry at my grandmother for throwing this thing away, but I had one of the old Coleco computers with a tape deck
Yeah an atom. Oh geez and my grandma threw it away, and I was like no
That's my Adam. You know I barely
Interesting side story about Texas Instruments. I was the reason that they banned all the graphing calculators at my high school
I was going there. I actually went out and sprung to get the
the data transfer cable, and I downloaded tons of games for it, like multiplayer Tetris and everything,
and I would bring them into school, and then transfer them to other people's calculators,
and eventually, the entire 12th grade was doing nothing but playing games in class.
They hadn't figured that out yet when I was in high school, because I had a nice graphing calculator,
and I was in AP Calculus, and I was programming the complex formulas into my calculator,
so I could cheat on all the tests.
I found it very funny that, you know, I think I graduated a year ahead of you, right?
I was playing pole position on those calculators in history class.
I was flashing assembly onto my TI-82,
and I was also programming a Final Fantasy battle system type thing,
and then that's why I had to quit calculus, because I wasn't paying attention.
Hey, I didn't pass algebra 2.
You know what, I didn't take anything past geometry.
I have to point this out. Dark Tetsuya is so winner for this comment in our chatroom.
He wants an Oregon Trail MMO.
No.
Oh my god.
Dude, Oregon Trail MMO would rock. Loki could die of dysentery.
Yay!
Oregon Trail Damacy.
You know, honestly, that could work.
An Oregon Trail MMO could so work. We need to get on that.
Let's start an online petition because those rock.
Yes, online petitions always do the trick.
So that's what we should do.
Oh yeah, they certainly do.
We're going to make an online petition.
We'll get it slash-dotted.
Who the crap is going to play an Oregon Trail MMO?
Me, motherfucker!
Me!
You get to Oregon, and then you have to build a castle, and then you can make a blacksmith
and put shoes on horses.
That's great fun.
Well then, you go back.
I mean, here's the thing.
Get back to where?
Go down to South American Castle.
The New York Cale!
When we talk about the Oregon Trail, we always talked about the people who were going out
west to seek a better life.
We never talked about those people that got there and then realized, this place sucks.
Wagon's east.
Any game where you can have four people die because your wagon flooded in a river that's
two inches deep is retarded.
I have major issues against Oregon Trail. Oregon Trail can be my home.
OMG, need to make something more like Kingdom of Loathing.
OMG, looking for party, need to cross river.
Need cock.
Fear Loathing in Oregon, yeah.
Ify, morphine please.
Looking for black mage who can cast float on my fucking racket.
Ify, use the MRPH and PLZ.
or more my favorite it's like when I'd go hunting I'd just kill everything and
just like have way too much meat. You killed 40,000 pounds of meat but you could only carry
a hundred. That used to happen to me all the time. Yeah PETA would be all over your ass
in that MMO. I would I was killing buffalo like every buffalo was like. Hmm he smells
like death. Yeah we're gonna give him a touch. I love the smell of decay in the morning.
and then somebody's gonna have a speed hack and people are like hey you stole
my bear kill
oh my god someone unlocked the sex hack in Oregon Trail
and all we're doing is a bunch of women showing their ankles
ok we just unlocked this feature in Oregon Trail when we stop at the next fort
you can either shop for wagon parts or you can stop in for hot coffee
and then the new add-on where you steal the Indians land
I like to know what the expansions are going to be. The Alaskan Trail!
The Canadian Trail! Oh yeah, you'll have to dodge Mounties in their approach.
The Pacific Trail, where they have the Constitution.
I'm sorry, now I'm thinking of like, like a Ren and Simpy with the
Royal Canadian Kilted Yaksman. No sir, I don't like it.
Was there ever a sequel to the Oregon Trail, like a different trail?
It was called Everybody's Dead!
A remake of the original thing and it sucked. It sucked, really.
They needed a sequel to The Oregon Trail.
Every other number munchers got a sequel. They got word munchers.
What else was there? What are the classics?
There's only one Oregon.
I could make a sequel of a historical Oregon Trail.
How could you make another Oregon?
Oregon Trail 2.
Oregon Trail 2 is back and it's pissed.
Oh, she's just taking the Oregon Trail through the ghetto now, she doesn't have to worry about drive-bys and crack whores.
Oakland Trail.
Are you John Connor?
If it's going to go through the ghetto, it would have to be Oakland Trail.
There has to be another trail somewhere in the world that they could do a game off of.
The Iraqi Trail!
There you go!
You've got to make it down the sand road.
Trail of a Thousand Tears, we can do it.
Dropping sandwiches. Puerto Rican trail.
Yes, this gets my vote as the most politically incorrect episode ever.
That's alright. It's a landmark number. We're okay.
What number is it? I've been like out of circulation. It's one fifty tonight. It's divisible by fifty.
Yes, it's divisible by fifty.
And two. Holy crap, I need another bear on that.
Alright, yeah, me too. I think so. Alright.
Reznor, any other closing thoughts? I gotta get some other calls, but we do enjoy
having you on the show. You bring out the old school in us. I appreciate it.
Hey, you gotta keep in touch with your roots. Hell yes we do. So that's all I use my PSP
for, Kid Icarus. Woot. Alright, I'll let you go. Have a good one, my friend, and take
care. Thanks for the call. Later. That was a fun call. Turtle, the MMO. Let's take another
call. Oregon Trail 2, Arcade Edition. Anyway, uh, hi, you're on Orange Launch Radio, who's
They're on Oregon Trail Radio.
Sephiroth1215 and SSJ100Matt and many other people.
Many other people? Are you having like an Orange Lounge listening party or something?
Yes.
Orgy!
It's the Orange Lounge orgy, that's awesome.
We have hit a new level of tastelessness.
Wow.
Congratulations us.
People have moved from having Buffy parties to having Orange Lounge parties.
That makes me feel kind of cool.
Anyway, what's on your mind guys?
Uh, not much. There's someone that wants to talk about the Mac and PC thing.
Goody goody, put them on.
Alright.
Who's this? Introduce yourself.
I'm Chris D'Cruz.
Hello, how are you?
Quite frankly, I don't care if you know my real name.
Alright, that's fine.
About the Mac and Intel thing, they're saying how you can run virtual PC on a Mac and play any of the PC games.
Emulators cause massive slowdown. It's not feasible at all.
I know people have done it.
In the chat room it was kind of brought up, we kind of addressed this during the break, that it's more, if you want to play the DOS-based games, you'd be okay.
Yes, the DOS-based games. But say, for example, Battlefield 2 is not going to be running.
No, no, but you know what, if you want to play Battlefield 2, you really should just don't.
Who wants to play that crap?
well look if you want to play Battlefield 2 you should own a PC anyway
I'm talking about Ragnarok and PSO which I play on my laptop
well PSO and Ragnarok
oh Ragnarok is what? sprite based? and PSO is
six years old? well
the PC versions new but you're right I don't give a shit about Final Fantasy 11
I think that game is ass
well Final Fantasy 11 is horrible! which is why I quit it twice
Look, my response to the fact that the PC emulators on a Mac will play DOS-based games is I said, well then it will play ZZT and that's all you need. Honestly.
My DS will play DOS-based games, I don't understand your point.
I want ZZT on the PSV.
Go buy a PassMe and blank ROM cartridges and just install everything on there.
all right
anything else you want to share on the whole Mac vs PC thing? I think they're demanding me to get
off this before you kick everyone else off
alright alright thanks for your input
we're getting passed around like a bong at this party
what's up?
first of all I'd like to ask you're gonna be on the
East Coast in a few weeks and are you gonna be anywhere else but the
place in New Jersey? Am I making any more live appearances, so to speak? No, nobody's
really asked. I'm actually going out there for work, so my Monday through Fridays are
kind of booked with the real-world work stuff, but on the weekend I'm open to suggestions.
If you have something, just email me and I'll see what I can do. Alright then, we'll see.
But the New Jersey thing right now is definite. I want to do the New Jersey tournament because
I haven't been to a DDR tournament in like years, so I think it would be funny to go
to go to one on the east coast for the first time, so.
Make sure you take those plugs, it kinda smells.
Stop it.
It does!
I was in Philadelphia, it smelled like New Jersey!
Anyway.
Well, I've been there, it wasn't all that great, but it was alright.
What's on your mind?
Didn't you go to some con recently you wanted to share with us?
Yeah, I went to Kineticon yesterday.
They had their own DDR tournament there, but it was not that great, first of all.
Yeah, it was all noobs.
What is there to do at Kineticon?
What is there to do at Kineticon?
by the way is a very cute name, I must say. Basically anything fantasy, sci-fi, nerd stuff.
So it's kind of like a Comic-Con. Yeah, there's a big furry thing if you want to know that.
A big, oh, it's a furry convention, how lovely. No, no, no, no. That was just a large part
of it. Oh, well, okay. So it's kind of like at an Anime-Con out here, hentai is always
a big part of it no matter what. You can't escape it. No, hentai was big there too. So,
Yeah, there was a big gaming room for anything gaming, huge screens, whatever.
Did you get to play any new import game type things for the first time?
No, I didn't get to. There was good stuff, but...
I've been to Connecticut, it's not that awful.
It's better than Delaware.
It's better than Delaware, come on!
There's not much to do in Connecticut.
There's not much to do in Delaware.
Maybe it's just because I was only in Connecticut for two days, so like, I saw everything in those two days or something, but Connecticut wasn't that bad. I actually kind of enjoyed myself.
You stretched it out to two days?
Dare I say it, I spent two days in Connecticut.
You stretched it out to two days? That's amazing.
There's like, Hartford and Stanford.
I was in Hartford. I didn't see Stanford.
Stanford's where all the beer comes from.
Anyway, I'm sorry. I will make Bug be quiet. Um, what else is on your mind?
Um, I'm gonna put SJ100 Matt on.
Sounds good.
Puff, puff, pass. Hi.
Yep. Hey, how's it going?
Uh, good.
Yeah, I'm going to elaborate a little bit more since Sephiroth is playing Smash Brothers, so...
What? He's playing video games while he's trying to talk to us?
Yes, we got several people here.
He's trying to play video games and losing badly.
Alright.
Okay, anyways, um...
I can edit all of you at Smash Brothers.
Oh, they might take you up on that, be careful.
back in california are anyway i'm sorry what when the when the revolution comes
out will all be playing online salary have it
and i will still on your
on how i can buy in the master of kirby
all right sorry what's on your mind as a sick
as well
the it would
canada college really good in the fact that it had
a lot of workshops a lot of uh...
screenings they had about eight for nine screening rooms mhm just
They had several rooms that were about two-thirds the size of a football field.
They had different sorts of gaming, like they had miniature gaming, magic cards, and other card game matches going on.
Dude, magic cards are still around?
Yeah.
Wow.
My coworker participates in tournaments.
Oh my god, that was like ten years ago I was in a magic card.
I'm not knocking the Magic Cards thing, but I'm just saying, wow, I can't believe it has this longevity going on with it.
This is crazy. Anyway, sorry.
But, yeah, the gaming room, they had a Smash Brothers tournament going on, and they had a Halo 2 tournament going on.
How was the Smash Brothers tournament? I like that game.
Well actually we kind of entered it but we didn't go to it because it was like a couple hour preliminary rounds and all that so we didn't have time for that.
Gotcha.
But we donated a GameCube for a short time which actually gave us tickets to the next Kineticon for free.
Oh there you go. How often do they have Kineticon? Just once a year?
Once a year. This was the first time that they had it in the big Hartford Convention Center.
Alright, Han. For Connecticut, that's big. That's really big.
Well, yeah, well...
I'm pasting a link to the pictures on
the chat room, no one wants to see, but...
Right on. I hope our listeners want to check that out. Especially if they're on the East Coast and missed it. Then they can see everything
they missed, and they'll go next year.
And they had a beatmania tournament.
What style were they doing the BeatMania thing on?
I heard someone mention 8, but I'm not positive.
Um...
Poppin' Music, I think they had some sort of tournament to win like a Naruto
customized Poppin' Music pad or something.
Which looked interesting, but...
Um...
And then of course the dealer room, which was interesting.
And uh... plenty of uh... cosplays.
Any um... any
scary cosplays
what do you mean scary? he's talking about boobies
i'm talking about like
super fat sailor moon
no i'm talking about the guys who dress up like... sailor men she
i'm talking about fat men who dress up like my
uh... sailor men she... there were a couple really scary ones you know the
chubby girls who thought they could be kogome from inuyasha
okay
uh...
you know we saw a w nfl
aries
final fantasy seven
yet but you know she
she looked like she could play in the nfl okay i get out of here
uh... there was one girl who uh...
war uh...
a dark stalkers uh... costume
very revealing i see
okay
how about any good cosplay where they're good ones
there were several i actually posted up a lot of the good ones uh...
in the chat room
all right
check out the uh... check up pictures there
okay
cosplay that's disgusting
you know i don't know what one cosplay that that very slowly
and we will give me a ask
Yeah, out of the 12 people in this small room, there's about 11 of them who are wiseasses.
There's 12 people over there?
In a tiny room, yes.
Dude, that's more people than listen to our show regularly.
And everyone's fully clothed.
Yeah.
All right.
Who I might add are actually voting for you on that whole thing that you have.
Oh, the podcast awards thing?
Yes.
Thank you kindly.
I didn't even remember to mention this.
We got nominated, Best Gaming Podcast, over on PodcastAwards.com.
uh... go vote for us because we like attention
well actually i have a quick little quick little story that happened in
connecticut all right
uh... my buddy separate uh... was playing what's on
least one hundred seconds
heavy and uh...
this little
this little fat kid i'm not i'm being me with the fact that uh...
he just started being really rude and saying that he's awful
and I basically stuck up for him
and saved him. Could this kid even play
2DX? Because I've had the kids at Roseville Golf Land that are like 12 years old
try to make fun of me
and then it's like you know well dude if you're so good at DDR you wanna play a
match against me I'll pick the song you know healing vision angelic makes for
something
that's what I hinted at to him it's like well
I've seen him play a couple times but you know
He plays on 1.5 and 2x, and if you don't do that, you're considered a noob.
But, you know what, I didn't want to get into an argument with him.
I didn't want to be mean to him because he's like a 16-year-old kid.
I think with his overweightness, I'm sure life has already dealt a poor hand to him.
Yeah, you sometimes wonder what happens to children to make them turn out so strange.
Yeah, but you know, he was very rude, so I had to step in and save my friend over here.
But other than that, Kineticon was very good.
I have one thing to say.
Oh, he has one thing to say.
I got to meet Tiffany Grant, who is also the voice of Asuka.
Right on.
And also, we met Piano Squall, if you know who that is.
No idea.
I have to be honest, I don't follow the anime thing that closely, like I like some of it, but...
There's one thing that you're going to be jealous of, and we got to meet Freeze Pop.
That's awesome!
I am jealous!
I am jealous.
I got to meet Togo at E3, that was kind of cool.
Do I get a cookie for that? I don't know.
Alright, we're going to let you go so you guys can get back to your party, we'll get back to our show.
That's alright.
For twelve people I can make the time.
That's like, that's twice our normal listenership.
That's huge.
All right?
OK.
All right, have a good time, kids.
OK.
All right.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
Oh, my gosh.
Orange Lounge listening parties.
Who would have thought?
All right, we're going to go to a break, kids.
When we come back from this break,
we're going to do the cage match, some other news going on.
We're doing happy sky music tonight.
Going to continue on with that theme.
We're going to have in this break,
we're going to have a song, a brand new Kiriyama Oka
song that's going to start it off.
We're going to have a song that's actually a papa music crossover in this break as well,
and a song named after a dog will all be in this break.
So we'll be back with more Orange Lounge Radio and the Cage Match and the FUs of the week,
maybe some Ask Orange Lounge if we have time, and if we get around to it, some actual DDR
news.
You
One, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine, ten, eleven, twelve, thirteen, fourteen,
If you're my love, then you're my heart If you're my love, then you're mine
Every day, tiny, you don't be patient
But as fine as mine, you believe in me
If it's raining again
Nobody wanna cry
Like the fire of my love
Oh, girl, we promise every day
Go to work in the park
Oh, we promise every day
Go to work with the train
You will forget about the day
Who's loving and sleeping if you don't follow the game
The two walking apart are we from each other again
The two of us is a chain you will forget
That's why I'll be dating somebody else with it if you don't, I don't wanna get it
Hello, boys and girls, we are back with Orange Lounge Radio. Hope you enjoyed some of the
songs you heard in that break. Brand new Akira Yomoko song. Vatum Selarum from Papa Music
making its way over into 2DX, Happy Sky. Zephyr, a very epic song in there, and then Y&Co,
folks behind Monkey Dance, Daisuke. Their new song, Poodle! Cute. Well, oh, I see you
over there Dark Sakura reading the new Harry Potter I did the same thing last
time I do remember when that God this show's been on a long time because I
remember when the last book came out I want to say when Goblet of Fire came out
you were on here too but I think that might have been before actually yeah I
was were you oh my gosh so I gotta ask you about this because this was
something that was kind of pissing me off but it seems like there's there's
kids on the internet that that are loving spoiling this new book what do
think about this whole thing the spoiler so what well but you have the option of
reading it or not no no but there's people like that have gone on live
journal and they'll post it in their journal not behind a cut in really big
font the big spoiler so that all their friends nobody's done that on mine well
because they know you'll defend their ass but I've seen it on mine I wouldn't
do that that's petty but but to post a spoiler is petty isn't it I didn't know
anyone of it it's rude but it's not something that's worth all the sudden
not being somebody's friend over. Well, I would just be...
It would depend... I think it would really depend on how close you were with somebody
in the first place, though. If it's just somebody you just kind of knew on the internet, they
added you because they thought their LJ was cool. But if it was like somebody I knew in
real life, I wouldn't do it, but... I don't know.
Nobody has posted any big, fonted spoilers on my LiveJournal.
Yeah, I just think... You know, let people have their thing.
I think it has to do with the general character of the people I've been friending.
Well, that's good, but I mean, I think... I'm just kind of like, you know what, let
people have their thing you might be making fun of the Harry Potter thing but
let's face it you listen to a DDR radio show I'm not talking about you guys
specifically I don't think anybody listens to this show is in on this but
you know the people that when people that are posting spoilers this is like
you know what and then they go oh I'm spoiling it because Harry Potter fanboys
are stupid and I'm just like you know what you probably got your stupid thing
too how would you like me to go take a dump on that just I already know what's
gonna happen yeah I don't care for me it's how they get there anyway I decided
I would have a Guinness in celebration of our 150th episode I'm having a
celebratory drink since I don't have to drive tonight I'm having an upset
stomach I'm supposed to plug something they actually made a chat room called
channel Oregon Trail to discuss the latest news and events behind
everybody's favorite upcoming MMO the Oregon Trail strikes back so join that
channel it's a good time all right anyway let's see moving on with other
news going on throughout the gaming world and the Bahmani world DDR with
Mario had their site open up and it actually happened a little while ago but
it kind of happened under the radar because I think a lot of people might
have given up on DDR with Mario once they heard that despite the fact that
that it's going to have an awesome soundtrack, the dance itself is kind of blah. Like, by
the way, when I played DDR with Mario...
What do you mean, like, DDR oh-ha stuff?
It kind of is, stepwise. When I played DDR with Mario at E3, I triple-A'd my first song,
and I played it on, like, heavy or whatever it was. I don't think it was the hardest,
hardest difficulty, because not all songs had that, but it was, like, one below it.
And it was about the equivalent of 5-footer, and I triple-A'd it. And I'm not the type
type of person that sits there and AAAs all these songs on DDR. I mean, I've done some,
but I'm by no means, like, this excellent DDR player. So, DDR Mario's kind of simple.
But the Japanese site opened up for DDR with Mario, because I believe the game actually
might have come out in Japan. I have to be honest, I haven't really been following this.
Oh, it did, just a few days ago. July 14th was the release date in Japan. So, there you
And you can look at the website and look at all the features and all that stuff, although
it's all in Japanese, so unless you can read Japanese, you're not going to be able to read
it unless you run it through like, you know, a translator or something.
But anyway, so I guess that's some big Bawani news.
I think it's interesting because there's still a lot of speculation going on with the new
DDRs coming out, Extreme 2 and UltraMix 3, just kind of been keeping a pulse on what's
going on on the DDR Freak threads, which is where the majority of the discussion has been
occurring.
I think a lot of people were expecting Extreme 2 to make a debut at Comic-Con, the fuller version,
because last year, you may or may not remember, DDR Extreme ended up getting shown at Comic-Con,
and it was, like, a damn near final build, so we found out a lot of songs that were actually going to be in DDR Extreme
because it was shown at Comic-Con. Well, rumor came out that Konami was going to be back at this year's Comic-Con,
and sure enough, they're there, but they're showing off Yu-Gi-Oh! and Turtles and their comic-related games.
not showing DDR this year so unfortunately no new DDR news but it's
kind of interesting as somebody pointed out this game is supposed to be coming
out you remember the release date on this Loki I know you said a while ago
was it September end of September September 20 something 21st 21st still
this that's still the date I think the only one that got pushed back was
Karaoke Revolution party got pushed back one week later so it's not coming out
It's coming out the same day as UltraMix 3. It's coming out the week after that.
I heard some things were going on at the Karaoke Revolution Party, but I can't talk about them.
You can tell me, because I pretty much know everything that's going on.
I can't. I can't. Anyway.
Why can't you tell me?
Let's have this discussion off air, please.
Alright. But it's going to rock. You all should pick that up.
And then there's UltraMix 3, which I think is interesting because one of the very most recent posts in the UltraMix 3 thread
by somebody who's actually in our chat room right now, Renee.
Although I always want to say Rene, because there's so many E's.
I'm going to get punched for saying that.
But it actually referenced our own site and the lovely DarkSakras,
her photo gallery.
Remember how you took just a shitload of pictures of E3 of everything?
Yeah.
Well, somebody finally decided to look at the pictures
and think, you know what?
DarkSakras' pictures actually show all this stuff
about UltraMix 3 we didn't realize before.
Why do you think I took so many damn pictures of it?
And I haven't even posted my pictures yet.
And I took some nice high res pictures,
but I don't think I have a whole lot that you didn't have.
I think Dark Soccer really touched on everything
that I might have gotten a picture of.
But the things that were shown here,
Emmy being in a schoolgirl outfit.
I didn't realize people didn't know that before.
But yes, Emmy was in a schoolgirl outfit in the E3 demo,
and it was cute.
I liked it.
Just like the graduation video.
Hm?
Yeah.
I liked Slut Emi better though, for Ultramix 2.
Slut Emi was a piece of shit.
I liked Slut Emi too, actually.
It was a lot of fan service, though.
If you guys got Slut Emi, I'd get Pantsless Rage.
Anyway.
No, no, it's not three-titted Emi, it's only, you know, Slut Emi.
So you'd have to get-
And I'd get Manglow Rage.
Yeah, you'd have to get like, raging tight shorts or something.
The results screen is a, and I quote,
bubbly bubble bubbly bub in the background, and not fancy,
just plain and simple.
However, it shows how many calories you've burned.
Doesn't look like workout mode because the numerical score
has shown.
I didn't even notice that when I was playing.
And I've been saying for like two years now
that they just need to integrate workout mode into the normal DDR.
So if that actually happened, that makes me very happy.
I didn't even notice that when I was playing,
but I was just so jazzed to be playing UltraMix III,
wasn't looking for all the little things and I was playing it but that's very
cool because I don't think workout mode should be separate because you can't
unlock things when you play in workout mode at least I don't think you can but
from what I remember about Ultramix 3 and the interface basically take
Ultramix 2 and replace whatever blue futuristic background thing they had
with the bubbles and that was Ultramix 3's interface the main part of it so so
If you want to see that, that's over on DDRFreak, and I will get my pictures up at some point.
I don't think my pictures show anything new about the game, but I guess you never know.
But you do have a picture of me with Mario.
I do have a picture of you with Mario, and it rocks.
I have a picture of me with Mario, and one with Link.
I took some pictures of the BeatMania demo too, but the BeatMania demo really didn't
have anything in it.
I mean, the BeatMania demo was just night style, plus, oh my god, it's five key songs
in it.
Woohoo!
Oh, and it was stuck on training...
What the hell is the one star mode called? I can't even remember.
Yeah, beginner mode. Seven key mode was stuck on beginner mode, which I thought was kind of funny.
But it's not going to be that way in the regular release, so don't worry guys.
Any day now we should start
finding out new songs for these games. I'm surprised no new artists have leaked out what songs
are going to be in it or anything like that. So, one of these days... Not yet!
start finding out some songs pretty soon. I would hope that they're going to put out
a finalized release pretty soon. Well, before that, don't you think, when the press gets
a hold of these games, they're going to start posting pictures on their website? Has GamePro
reviewed it again yet? Not yet, but you know it'll happen. I swear, does it not mean, like,
not learn with GamePro? I would seriously try to sue them for, you know. But, well,
Well, no, because it created buzz for their games. I think it had a positive effect.
It created buzz on the games and got people talking, oh my god, here's the song list, oh my god, oh my god.
So, you know, I don't think it was a bad thing. I wouldn't sue them over it. It got people talking about the game, free advertising.
Where I'd make them review the Ninja Turtles game over and over and over again. Or Frogger.
All right, kids, I think it's time to get into tonight's cage match.
If you want to be a part of the cage match, you've got to join our chat room over at www.orangeloungeradio.com.
All right, and the way the cage match works, we're going to play three songs for you guys.
Last week's winner, a clip of it anyway, because it won last week, so you've already heard
the song.
play that and we're going to play two new songs for you guys. You guys vote on your
favorite and the winner goes into rotation all week long on Orange Lounge Radio's Bimani
Music and More program which plays 24 hours a day, 7 days a week on the station when we
are not live. Alright, here it is. Last week in the KH match, an old song, I guess an older
song, a song that was made in the early 90s, took it, but I guess it was discovered that
our chat room likes a little retro now and then. Blur won it and the song is called Girls
and Boys. Will it win for a second week? I've noticed people have been in a retro mood all
night so it just might win. Here's a clip of song number one you can vote for tonight,
blur with girls and boys.
Someone to wait for, five fingers, nothing is wasted
Only we produce
You cannot be blisters
You've been session
But we have to think and try to
Girls who are boys, who like boys
Could be girls, could be boys
I think girls, could be girls, but they're boys
Always should be someone you really love
Girls love boys, love boys, big girls, boys love their girls, girls love their boys
I should be someone to really love
Looking for girls who are boys, who like boys, who be girls, who do boys like their girls, who do girls like their boys
Always should be someone you really love
Girls who are boys who like boys who be girls who do boys like their girls who do girls like their boys
Always should be someone you really love
Girls who are boys will like boys, rotten free girls, rotten free boys
But girls who are boys will always should be someone you really like
Girls who are boys will like boys, rotten free girls, rotten free boys
But girls who are boys will always should be someone you really like
I wish I could be someone to be loved
beer. Whoopee! Alright, anyway, we're going to get into song number two tonight's Cage
Mess, so that was song number one, Blur with Girls and Boys. Here's song number two. Song
number two tonight is my pick, and I decided to pick, I kind of like the new Utada album,
so I picked a song that's actually a remix, because I like this remix because it's different
than the song on the album and I think it's a little bit better so and I was
also just desperate to find something at the last minute so I just went ahead and
picked this one so here it is song number two tonight's cage match it's
Jutada with Exodus 04, the Double J radio mix.
With you, these streets are heaven Now home feels so foreign
They told me I was mistaken, infatuated And I was afraid to trust my conscience
Now I am ready
Daddy, don't be mad, I'm leaving
Please let me worry about me
Mama, don't you worry about me
This is my story
Do you love when you die and dance up
The ocean through the desert sky
Say goodbye to the best we know
This is our exodus, this is our exodus
From the tragic chat to Tokyo
New music on the radio
Say goodbye to the worst we know
Help me up, this is our exodus, this is our exodus
Landscapes keep changing
History teaches something
I know I could be mistaken, but my heart is broken
I cannot redirect my feelings
The ways that part it
Daddy told me there's no meaning
Please don't be worried about me
Mama, don't you worry about me
This is my story
Through the mountainside and valley slope
The ocean through the desert sky
We'll take a ride to the best we know
This is the rest of, this is the rest of
Through the traffic jams in Tokyo
New music on the radio
When you say goodbye to the world we know
This is our exit, this is our exit
I live to hear my music never ending
My baby
Don't you know I'll never let you down
You've spoken me to so many different endings
But baby, I know that you'll always be around
To mountainside and valleys, yo
The ocean blues and desert sky
You make a fire to the fence, yo
This is your exit, this is your exit
To the tragic challenge, yo
You music on radio
You make a fire to the Kurt L
To mountainside and valleys, yo
The ocean blues and desert sky
Yeah, say good-bye to the friends we know This is our exodus, this is our exodus
We're gonna try to challenge you, key up, hear the music on the radio
You made me fly to the moon But you're still there, it's too late, it's too late
Song number 2 in tonight's stage match, that was Utada with Exodus 04. It smells like beer
in here. I wonder why. Let's see if that song should go on in Exodus or if it should stay
here forever. Dark Sakura. Kind of generic and sounds like all the rest of her stuff,
so it gets a fix. Loki. I like the instrumental, but the vocals just sounded like, nah, I don't
I guess it just sounds like her, so...
Um, it was okay. It was just...
Like, eight.
I agree on that it's a little repetitive, but it is, you know, it's kind of a dance mix, so...
But, um...
I think it improves on the original side. I don't like the original.
It's like a low-energy dance mix.
Yeah, it's kind of a closing time dance mix.
I'm standing there drunk, and I'm kind of, like, bobbing my head to the music, you know?
All right, so I give it, like, an eight.
Song number three, Loki's pick. What did you pick for us tonight, Loki?
Well, if you want retro, here's retro right here. Sort of.
It's retro redone. It's, um, Stayin' Alive, originally by the-
Like the Bee Gees?
Like the Bee Gees, but done by Ozzy Osbourne.
Okay.
It's good.
What? Wait.
Stayin' Alive.
Oh, I, I, I have this.
Okay, here we go.
I already know what I'm reading it.
Alright here we go song number three staying alive by Ozzy Osbourne enjoy
Well you can't tell by the way I used to walk I'm a woman's man, sometimes you don't
And you can't tell by the way I walk I've been kicked around since I was born
It's alright, it's okay, you raise up in the other way But we can try to understand
No such effect on man
But the devil has no way of knowing what you're gonna say in a lie, say in a lie
I never think of thinking any other woman should be there
Say in a lie, say in a lie
Ha ha ha ha ha
Say in a lie, say in a lie
Ha ha ha ha ha
Say in a lie
Everybody wants to dance, oh darling, we're going to dance with the devil
Well I get low, well I get high, if a gang can eat up I really try
Just the way some heaven's on my shoes, I'm a dancing man and I just can't breathe
Now we know the light, it's okay, our lips are seein' us again
We can't find, we want to stand, cause we all got your back on their head
It's alright, it's okay But you better go the other way
We can't fight, understand But you don't try to make us win
It's alright, it's okay But it's still not the game
We can't fight for something, there's no time to think of it
I have become mad
Oh yeah
Alright now
Now my ass smells like beer because I sat in the wet beer part of the chair.
I'm sorry song number three Ozzy Osbourne staying alive
What do you think staying alive, or should we pull the plug on that song Dark Sakura staying alive was a crap movie
I've had this that particular song for quite a while now, and I've listened to it quite a lot
And I think it's a wonderful cover. It's fun, but I don't think it's cage-matchy, so it gets me seven and a half
It was all I got in five minutes, so it gets an eight.
My synopsis, somewhere the disco train derailed.
I give it a five.
It was the crazy train up at the disco train.
Alright boys and girls, we're going to recap the three songs and then you get to place
your votes.
Number one you can vote for tonight is Girls and Boys.
And song number two you can vote for tonight is Exodus 04 by Utada.
And song number three you can vote for tonight is Ozzy Osbourne with Stayin' Alive.
It just cracks me up to say.
Put me in the middle of the world.
So you're the one that's gonna stand in the light.
Stand in the light.
Please vote now.
Send a private message to Sky in the chat room
with your vote for song number one, the Blur, song number two,
the Utada, or song number three, the Aussie.
I don't know.
I think Stand Alive would be cool
if it was in Guitar Freaks.
Now, that would be cool.
Well, the Guitar Hero's coming out.
And it's supposed to have a lot of covers.
It's going to have Bowie in it, which is cool, and it's going to Hendrix.
I think Bowie needs a guitar.
It's going to be the total stoner game.
Guitar Freaks need something different.
They really, I'm very disappointed that they got rid of Keyboard Mania.
Me too.
I mean, that was kind of, they should have been, instead of getting rid of games that
plug with Guitar Freaks, they should have added stuff to it.
Like maybe a karaoke game to go with it, you know, and you could sing the vocals of the
the songs or maybe, I don't know, another instrument or something that they could be
playing?
Yeah, I know. I know. Keyboard Mania. The reason why I'm pissed off that Konami got
rid of Keyboard Mania is because Keyboard Mania was a one-by-many game that I was actually
pretty good at, that a lot of people don't take the time to be good at. And so I got
really good at Keyboard Mania, and it was, like, I wasn't blue good, but I was good.
I can actually pass songs on doubles, which I think is good. And I can pass, like, six,
like, I can pass, like, you know, most of the six stars. I mean, the only one I could
Never Pass was the crazy one from, I don't even remember the name of it, it's been so
long since I've played.
But it pissed me off because I was like, you know, I could have, I could have been really
good.
I could have been a contender at Keyboard Mania and they went and pulled the plug on
my game.
Bastards.
Sucks.
Anyway, this is usually the part of the show where I ask Loki, what is going on in the
sim world?
Loki, what's going on?
Not too much.
Really, the only thing mentioned, or worth mentioning, would be DROSC Psychopath Edition
is in the judging stage now.
have a wonderful song list of eight different songs because most of the entries dropped
out. So, yeah, eight songs. The theme of this mix was basically, or this contest was basically
like... Dude, I got eighth place in the Simphile competition. I rock. No, it's basically funny
songs. That was the point. So they picked funny songs, did step files for them and right
Okay, now basically you can go download them. It's on the front page of MyStyle, and there's reviews and discussion. So go check them out, I guess.
And I'm sure there's another tourney mix coming, and we don't care.
What number tourney mix is this?
I think that'd be six.
What happened to tourney mix five?
No, five happened. I thought five happened.
I don't follow that stuff anymore, because I...
Maybe five didn't happen. Maybe it was four I'm thinking of.
Anyways, so five, Turning Mix 5 is supposed to happen.
The rules are going to get more retarded, and honestly, it's...
Are they going to remove the names of the people who made the...
No! No! No, no, the one intelligent...
We've been saying this for years.
The way to make Turning Mix fair is to remove the names of the people who made the step files until the end.
But...
That's the way to do it. That's the only way you can judge fairly, instead of making it, you know, uh...
It's just a popularity contest, but nope. They're not going to do that because they're retarded, so whatever. I don't care.
And nothing else going on as far as the Japanese mix type things. No one's really making any progress, so who knows.
Everyone's busy playing games or something.
Alright.
So we go to a call. We're getting a call on the Skype line even though I had it turned off, but why not, huh?
Sure.
Alright, why not. We'll pick up this call.
Hi, you're on Orange Lawn's radio.
Hello?
Um, hi. Um, TM came...Turnimix 5 came out a while ago. I think it was last year.
You can see how much...you know what, honestly, I have to admit, I kind of, um...
I kind of got off the Tournamix train a while ago just because it was kind of getting, to me, in my opinion, it was getting way overrated.
Like people were taking Tournamix way too seriously and taking the people that were successful in Tournamix way too seriously.
And there would be good stuff that would be put in Tournamix that nobody would download because they didn't know the person who did it.
So I was like, you know what, I'm done.
I don't pay any attention to forum drama, I just download the actual songs and everything and delete the ones I don't like.
And that's okay, and that's the good things about these competitions, that at least it
gives you tons of new step files for your step mania.
And I'll tell you what, one other good thing about it is that I actually pick up usually
a couple new good songs that I like that I wouldn't have thought to download before.
Because there's a couple people out there that have similar tastes to music than I do.
Who would have thought?
And so sometimes I find good new music through Turnamix.
So for that, I support it, but that's about it.
Yeah, I mean I don't even know who won any of them because I just don't pay attention.
You know, it's just, I don't care who wins, I just care about what's there.
Do you ever enter these things?
What?
Do you ever enter the competitions?
Oh no, I don't make any Symphiles because I'm not very good.
You know what my problem with making Symphiles is, is that I make heavy steps and then like
I don't have the time or effort to make standard or light steps.
Nobody's paying me to do it so I don't have any incentive.
And then my art skills are ass-tastic. Like, I cannot draw backgrounds for crap.
And so, and honestly, it's kind of sad, but like, if you have a good background, it'll make your step file, like, ten times better in some people's opinions.
So, for that reason, I don't do step files.
Um, was I supposed to identify myself?
Yeah. What's your name?
Um, Game Boy Guy 13.
Hello, Game Boy Guy 13. Are you also DS Guy 13, or are you just strictly Game Boy?
I don't have a DS because I don't have money.
That's a reason that stops a lot of us from getting a DS, so I sympathize with you there.
I don't even have an SP. I want one, but don't have one.
Oh, no. So you're playing on an old-style advance?
Yeah, just an advance.
Do you have a backline on it?
No, it's an advance.
Well, yeah, but you can get those things modded, put afterburners in them.
You poor guy. My God. The first wave of Game Boy Advances were bad.
I mean, for that reason. It needed a backlight so bad.
But you were a brave man for putting up with it this whole time.
What's really funny is I went in a used game store and found a really old Game Boy for like five bucks.
I considered buying it but decided not to.
One of the old Paperweight Game Boys?
Yeah.
I would buy a Virtual Boy for five dollars.
Just so I can give my friends headaches.
Come here, play this cool new game I got.
Hey, I have one.
Do you really?
I thought you knew.
Well, you have every system under the sun, so it really shouldn't be a surprise.
We need to do a show at your house eventually and whip out all the old game systems and play them on air.
I am not going to play the Virtual Boy.
I will drink and play Virtual Boy on air.
I can't play that for more than five minutes without getting a raging headache that makes me have to pass out.
What games do you have?
Oh, hell if I know. I don't touch the damn thing.
Do you have the Mario crash or whatever it was?
Yeah, and tennis and something else. I remember those stupid commercials.
By the way, yes, look. I forgot to mention.
Tourney Mix 6 is actually going on right now.
And they call it Tourney Mix Final because thank God they're not doing it anymore.
Basically, it says the deadline for registration is July 25th.
Your file submission is the 29th.
Your basic rules format here.
Let's see here.
Score breakdown and info.
Let's see what we've got here.
Come on, load.
Anyways, DDR East Coast Invasion, which is a site that
I haven't been to in a long time.
Wow, and it's working so well, too.
Anyways, the info, you can find it there.
Yeah, OK, we get it.
It's Turned X. It hasn't changed.
Anyway, anything else you want to share with us, Game Boy Guy?
Oh, oh.
Not really.
Okay then, Game Boy Guy.
I'm going to say goodbye.
But thank you for calling in.
Have a great night.
Uh-huh.
You, too.
Later.
Get this.
Here's the song restrictions and time length restrictions.
You may not use the song from any of the following home or arcade games.
Dance Dance Revolution, Dancing Stage Series, Pump It Up, In The Groove, Turning Mix 1-5+,
B.O.T. additional series.
You may use songs from other rhythm and game music or rhythm and game music games.
Hooray!
More 2DX whores.
No, no, no, no.
You get penalties for using games for 2DX.
You get a minus 10 points penalty, pop music, minus 10, beat mania, minus 3, para para,
minus 2, Marshall Beats, minus 2, what's that, Parappa the Rapper, minus 2, Unjammy Lemmy,
2 frequency minus 2 amplitude minus 2 tachino tatrogen minus 2 guitar o man
minus 2 no minus points for bust a move remixes though you get plus 5 completely
custom remix plus 5 zugaru 4 where sue 4 whatever that is plus 1 basically it's
like I don't know before you max plus 0 great is zero what's the point basically
Basically, they're talking about how good the remixes are. So, yeah, whatever.
Whatever.
If it's over two minutes, 40 seconds, you get five-point deduction and it keeps going
up from there. It's just like, basically, they score you on background animations, one
point, movies, one point, challenge steps, one point. These are additional to what you're
you're doing.
Beginning steps, you get another point.
In double steps, you get one to four points.
Lyrics, one to four points.
Breakdowns, it says all entries are counted and checked
for correct file formatting.
Entries are then randomly sorted in the brackets.
Each week, a bracket will be released to the public.
And it says, public will have no say in the first round.
Public sway has been removed.
Good.
Let's see here.
Number of judges or the numbers judges will be working on 10 points for light 25 for standard 50 for heavy
5 points for appropriate danceable step file 5 points for readme 5 points for background and banner
See if you get 80 points it grants you to the next round
total of a hundred
extra entries plus 5 penalties minus 35
Yeah, I know. It's basically I'm just
Anyways, I'm just trying to see if they had the actual, you know, whether or not the people's names would be displayed, but it does not say, so I'm going to have to assume that's a yes.
If you're really interested, it's ddrei.com. Have fun. It's the last one. Thank God.
Alright. You guys want to hear who won tonight's cage match?
I guess.
Yes. Alright. Tonight was a landslide victory, by the way. We haven't had one of these in a while. We've had a lot of ties lately, but tonight was a freaking landslide.
Yeah. Yep, it sure was. So here it is, tonight's winner, boys and girls.
Ozzy Osbourne. Staying alive, sheep, all of you.
Alright, let's take a break. We're going to take a break when we come back. We'll get
into the FUs of the week, most definitely. Also, somebody else wants to give us a call
via Skype, talk about Happy Sky a little bit, and whatever else we can dig out of our butts
when we come back from this break. Lots of poo. Let's start off with this. Some poor
person in the chatroom has been begging me to play this song all night long, so here
it is. We're gonna start it out with a song called 12th Style, which is what the game
should be called, dammit. So here it is, 12th Style. We'll be back with more. Happy Orange
Here's Lon's radio after this.
loki, what did you think of that song?
i thought it was lame
here's some akira yamoka then
I don't know
You
Have you
Have you ever walked into Radio Shack and hit the demo button on all the keyboards?
So that you have like 60 keyboard demos all playing over the top of each other all at once?
That sounded like yuck.
That's what that sounded like to me.
Honestly, that sounded like me playing the keyboard.
And I can't play the keyboard, so that's what it would sound like.
That was just a bunch of random notes and beats.
It just had nothing to, it was not even a song.
Needs more cowbell.
Exactly.
Needs less suckiness.
sucking it though where they have them keep their all i had my flight at my cat
walk across the keyboard one more time ago please good girl here it is good
Good, cool.
I know it's hard to really know someone It's just a long time to trust someone
But I don't care how long it will take My love is up so much
So, baby, baby, let me show you The very finest thing that I hide, yeah
Oh, hey baby, let me show you the very fine things that I hide, yeah
And I will take my love in the dark
Easier to dance to than that freaking catch-up song, Orange Lounge Radio.
Hi, we're back with more Orange Lounge Radio.
That was an okay song, that good cool, except you could totally tell that that was a key
sound rip from the game because like the singing's out, then, a bit off, while the person was
trying to sing.
That's pretty bad.
First Resolution was the name of that song.
100% Mini Moog was the one that sounded like 60 Radio Shack keyboard demos all going over
each other.
And Akira Yomoka, Empty of the Sky, which I kind of like that song, I dig that.
And we're a Kira Yomoka horse here, so we have to play all of his new songs every day.
And then 12th Style, of course, starting that set off, which Loki didn't like.
He just wanted to share that with you guys.
He didn't like that one.
Skyline's open because I know we had at least one more personal one to get in, so call in.
During the break there, it was being suggested, and now they're telling me to talk about this,
it was being suggested that if Konami were to continue DDR, they should put out, which
We really hope they do in the arcades, but they should put out DDR ABBA mix
Which would be nothing but ABBA songs, but it can be canceled the smop mix smop
It's a basically the Japanese version of medudo
Really? Yeah, there was it was in the works a few years ago, and they axed it
You know what was funny is that what you heard all that news about live eight, right?
I tried to ignore all of it well
Dreams come true played the Japanese live eight and that just made me laugh for some reason
I don't know. I was like, oh, dreams come true. They're still around. Who knew?
Hi, you're on Orange Honors Radio. Hey Sky, Siggy here. Hello, Siggy. Oh, it's my pronunciation hero.
What's new with you?
Well, I'm just gonna... First of all,
Sky, it's not Daisuki. It's Daisuke.
I like Daisuke. Actually, it's not a ke. It is a key.
It's ke. Daisuke. There is not a ke sound in a key spelling.
a key spelling. Hello, it's Japanese. I know, and the I ones are all E, A, I, U, A, O, Mami,
Mumei, Mo, Tachi, Tuteto, right? Naruhodo. I think he just cursed you out in Japanese
anyway. So what's on your mind? What would you call in to talk to us about tonight? Well,
I just want to say, you know, I just want to pronounce the songs on Happy Sky Daughter
in Japanese. Sounds good. What songs are these that you want to share with us? The artist's
name is Chona Chiharu and the song title is Rakuen, which means paradise. And then, well,
this one's not really Japanese, but it's a very hard pronunciation, very foreign one,
which is the Akira Yamaoka song is Tompi Portois. Right, which is kind of more French than anything
else yeah and thanks to sakurina she corrected me on the on what it means it means too bad for you
too bad for you this is a little bit of that fun there we played that a little earlier in the show
okay and then there's uh by uh tomasuke uh the song title is uh tizona del sid
okay we have a little bit of we have a little bit of that one here too okay
it's a little cheesy come on down and play 2dx happy sky all this can be yours if you put in a
And then there's Captivate Joka.
Okay. We have a little piece of that song. Hold on.
Which is the remix of the 2DX Red ending.
Oh, okay. I thought that sounded a little bit familiar when I first heard it. I was like, where have I heard this before? Okay.
And then there's the one by Hoshino Kanako is Gekko, which means Moonlight.
Which... I don't... Who did that one?
I believe it was by Hoshi no Kanako.
I don't know if I have that one handy.
Okay, so there's that one.
Yeah, and then the E-Amusement songs.
Oh, I don't even know if I have those. Yeah?
Agnus Dei by Asaki.
Oh, okay, I do have that one. So I do have some of these E-Amuse songs. Goodie.
Speaking of, speaking of Azaki, the Guitar Freaks Romania artist Azaki is currently working on an album, his very first project album.
Oh really?
Yeah, which is scheduled to be released September 16th.
God, those Momani artists are just rolling out the albums now, seems like a new month, every month, somebody from like pop music or Guitar Freaks or somebody's putting out an album.
In fact, that reminds me, I've got to mention the Akira Yomoka songs that have been announced, but anyway.
We'll get to that in a little bit.
Also, Good Cool. Good Cool is also making a Greatest Hits album.
Didn't that just come out, or am I confusing it with another Good Cool album?
Like, there was a Good Cool album that just came out this month, I think.
Yeah, I think that's on Konami style.
And let me mention the new, uh, the new Anothers on the, uh, 7 key.
Ooh, what's that?
Double 12s.
I haven't been following that.
Ooh, double 12s.
Okay, what's that?
Yeah.
I'll just mention all of them in order.
Okay.
It's, uh, Ace, Double Ace, Blox, Colors Radio Edit, Fake Time, Gigadelic, Innocent Walls,
Moon Child, One More Lovely, 108, Piano Kyousoku Kyokudai Chiba Sasoribi, or Piano Concerto Antiades, or Scorpion Fire, Please Don't Go, Sakura...
Really? Please Don't Go is a new one, isn't it?
Please Don't Go is actually from H-Style.
Well, no, no, no, I know it's from H-Style.
That was the athletics one.
But did it have an another in it?
No.
Oh, I don't remember it having an another.
It could have had another since H-Style.
Really? I guess I was too scared of it.
Sakura, Sentegeka, Spika, Stoick, which is my first level 12 that I've beaten, and lastly, V.
Wow. You know, and all of those songs are hard enough on seven key that putting them on another is just crazy.
Except maybe, like, Please Don't Go, I think it's kind of like a, you know, it's a less scary seven star than some of those other ones, but wow, that's pretty crazy.
And this is for the level 12 doubles, and I'm going to mention.
First Samurai, Ace, Double Ace, Blox, Cheer Train, Dixie, or DXY.
Dixie? I've never heard it pronounced DIXY.
It's acutally pronounced DIXIE.
Oh my god, but if I were to call it DIXY, I'd think,
I'd think doo doo doo doo doo doo doo doo doo doo doo doo doo doo doo doo doo doo doo. Which is so not the song!
I can't call it Dixie, I can't, I'm sorry! That's gonna have to stay in Japan.
It doesn't matter, it doesn't matter. Alright, alright fine.
And then era step mix. Big time, G2, Garden, Genocide, Ghost Revival, Hollock, Inazuma, Innocent Walls, Jam, Kakumei, Karma, Lesson5, Logic Board, Love Is Eternity, Lowerworld,
Minimalian, Nemesis, Number 13, One More Lovely, Piano Kiyosaki Ryudai Chiba Sasoribi,
Excuse me, I'm just kidding.
Wristlim Remix, Sakura, Setsugekka, Sig Sig, Sphere, Spyka, Star Mine, Stoic, and Zephyr.
That's a shitload of flashing 12s on Double, but you know Double's some scary shit. Do you play
Doubles at all? I have never played a Doubles. I'm trying to play a normal when I have another
controller i'm waiting for it for the u.s release yeah exactly you know what that's why i've been
kind of holding off on playing the uh 2dx um at home lately is because i'm holding off because
my controller sucks balls and um i'm looking forward to being able to get cheap controllers
here because i'm thinking what the controllers here are going to cost what maybe $39.95 maybe
i don't know don't quote me on this you think more i can get confirmation uh very soon on that
really you've got some hookup i don't know about well that's because they send priceless to
There's a GameStop before they put the stuff out.
Find that show.
The pre-orders.
I want to know.
I want to know.
Really?
More than 40 bucks for the controller?
I would think so.
I would, logically, I would think so.
I hope not.
You know somebody, some other company is going to put out a cheap one though, but of course
you have to go with a regular Konami one because the other ones are going to suck, da da da.
You know, you wait right, wait a second, I'll get the prices of them off of Konami style.
You know, there were rumors going around that they were going to improve the controller
when they released it here.
I don't know if that's still true, but that would be nice.
It's going to cost a significant amount, I'll put it that way.
Oh, damn.
Sorry about that, Siggy. We just had to have that little discussion.
Have you heard anything about the 2DX controllers being released over here?
No, not so far.
Because I can tell you at E3 they just had the Japanese ones.
I looked. I wanted to see if it was different, but it was just the regular Japanese ones.
Yeah, I saw.
And from what I've heard on the Japanese forums and message boards,
Eden is the continuation of the video doll.
That's what somebody was saying in the chatroom earlier.
that was you or somebody else I've heard about that and a lot of the anime fanboys especially
really like the doll videos. That's good. One of my favorite parts of 2DX is the videos
so I really like hearing when they do, when they put work into the videos. But I haven't
watched a lot of the 12 style ones. Or Happy Sky, I hate calling it Happy Sky. I haven't
watched a lot of those videos so I will have to do that sometime. I just read something
I think this is a goalie art book.
Oh, I heard about this.
From Konami style.
Yeah, that's good.
It's not bringing up any images right now.
Isn't that going to be a great coffee table book to have?
Yeah, it'll have to go with my DDR second mixed step book.
Anyway.
Alright, anything else on your mind today, Siggy?
One more thing.
Okay.
The videos for e-amusement sounds like Agnus Dei and...
Pink Rose and stuff?
Nobody. They were actually recycled from Guitar Fix Romania.
Oh. Oh, so the Guitar Fix, okay. That's kind of cool.
And then there's, and then Pinkrose, I saw the video, and it's like a modified version from the keyboard media.
That's kind of cool.
Oh, that's kind of neat. Well, I mean, it's okay for them to recycle stuff if, you know, it's good stuff to deal with.
And then for Votum Stelarum, it's an original.
Oh, cool.
And then they, whatchamacallit, they gathered all the videos from DJ Taka, like they mixed them all in one, and then the last part, they just featured the video for V where Tran is walking down the spiral staircase, that's the last part for Vodzum Stelarum, the video.
huh okay well i could see that that kind of fits
pretty cool all will will be i'm i'm hoping that a happy sky machine shows up
nearby at some point in by nearby i mean if i have to go to so cal to play it
they do
uh... so i can check this out causes i don't want you know i cannot wait to
get read really but we will but we won't be able to see the amusement songs
unfortunately
oh yeah cuz you know that whole hookup is missing here i know kind of stuff
alright
well thanks for the call city
All right. Always appreciate it as always. You stay on top of the 2DX stuff more than we do, so we appreciate it.
Yeah. All right, take care, bud.
All right, later. Later.
Our buddy Siggy there from Vegas calling in to talk about
2DX.
And of course the chat room is yelling, what about ToeJam? What about ToeJam?
Of course ToeJam being a transplant song from Ultramix 2, which was
kind of one of the weird ones there. ToeJam is also an EMU song.
Yeah, I know that. I know that's what I meant. Hello. That's alright.
Okay, anyway, I think it's about time to get into the FUs of the week. This is the part
of the show where we get, we get downright angsty. Because we're mad. We're upset. Grr.
So, uh, Dark Sakura, why is it that we do, by the way, if you guys have your own FUs,
you can send them in right now, but Dark Sakura, why is it that we do these FUs of the week
every single week?
My first nephew goes toward having to sit at Family Functions with a bunch of people
I don't know, with many people in there, in the more wealthy part of the area.
You know what? I don't want to be wealthy. I would rather be comfortable and happy and
be a real person, you know. I mean, they're nice and everything. Don't get me wrong. They're
nice. They're great people. I just don't think that I could stand having to keep up illusions
all the time. You know, if I had a bunch of money, I don't think I would act like it.
Another F.E. goes to just how hot it is in here. Man, no offense, but I'm sweating in
here.
That's the one downside to living in Sacramento, is that it's just huge, hot...
I mean, just in here.
I know, I know, but we got the air conditioner going, but we're doing the best we can.
Eh, um, another F.U. goes towards my horrid digestion problems.
That's it, I'm done.
Oh yeah, this book is...
You know, F.U. to my fianc!
Freakin' finishing a book before me!
Butthead, I told you to wait.
Dang, that was quick.
I know. Well, I would have read it this fast. I've just had other, you know, real-life things to do.
All right.
I'm reading it right now.
All right, yeah. Good participation tonight, by the way.
Oh, I'm participating.
Yes, you are.
And reading. I am talented.
You're multitasking.
Yeah, multitasking.
Like a Mac.
Like a Mac. Except I'm a lot cooler.
All right, let's get to Loki's FUs of the Week then.
uh...
at first like you
this goes to a long-running subject that i've been talking about before
that is the lack of driving skill in the female uh...
population and i'm a good driver
before you start saying that listen okay i said most of the population let you
want to you know make noise and put yourself as part of that
you know percentage that no
is especially appalling because, you know, I'm always wondering why the problem isn't
solved around here. Well, today, on my way over to the studio, there was a cop that pulled
out in front of me. First blew through the red light like nothing, and I'm talking about
not stopping under red to make a right hand turn, just, you know, completely blowing through
cutting me off, which is fine, it's a cop, you know. Then she proceeds to get into the
right turn lane, to which then she goes straight cutting me off again. Then she goes and makes
in another right hand turn without stopping at all at the stop sign and flips a bitch
right there in the middle of the street and guess what she's on her fucking cell phone
a goddamn cop fuck you sacramento pd and your stupid female cop that was driving down you
know the road here i mean god damn it you guys are supposed to set an example of what's
right and here she's violating all the traffic laws going i'm talking on my cell phone you
know the hell with you people no wire problems not getting solved i'm going to talk to my
my congressman, god damn it, and get that stupid cell phone law passed, then we'll work
on the female driving issue. Um, wow. Fuck you to the fact that my air conditioning is
not working in our apartment. For some reason, I think there's a leak in the Freon hose because
they filled it up about a month ago, and now they're done. So that would lead me to believe
that either there's some Freon fairy that's stealing the Freon in the middle of the night,
Or there might be a hole in the hose, okay?
So, well, that sucks, and luckily for me, though, I have to babysit the dog.
Which brings me to my next step for you, because that stupid dog wants to wake me up three
times during the night because it's used to a routine.
That routine being to wake me up three times during the night and piss me off.
I fucking hate that dog, and I gotta do this for a week.
And then finally, fuck you to the people that made the stupid Hanzo the Razor movie because
no samurai movie should be about some guy that mutilates his penis to then have sex
with women to interrogate them.
That's not a samurai movie, that's a porno movie.
Don't get too confused.
That's all.
I want to give an FU to the fact that I'm total retard in general.
No, but when it comes to hooking up the new Xbox to the new HDTV, because I use the Xbox
as a DVD player, because believe it or not, the Xbox actually makes a pretty decent DVD
player, but I cannot for the life of me figure out how to get component and get the really
pretty HD picture via the Xbox, and I went to Gamestop and they didn't know, and I went
to Radio Shack and they didn't know, and I went to Target, and, well, shit, they're never
any help.
To buy the component cables.
Okay.
Neither of these stores, none of these stores have them for the Xbox, and I'm starting to
wonder if they even exist, so I have to do research online later.
They do.
Somebody in the chat room needs to help me out.
Got Best Buy.
Yeah, I'm thinking Best Buy might have them, so I'll check that out a little later.
Anyway, so a nephew to that, um, a nephew to Impulse Buying, because I...
I can't believe they don't have them at Gamestop.
I've seen them there.
Well, they didn't have it at this one, so F.U. did this GameStop.
And an F.U. to impulse buying, because I just bought a multi-hundred dollar TV today.
But that's alright. I deserved it.
I was a good boy this year, and I deserved a good present.
It's kind of a late birthday present to myself, really.
And, um...
Gosh, I think that's really it. Just an F...
Oh, oh, oh.
F.U. to the impending nurses strike at UC Davis, because it's going to postpone my dad's surgery again.
Again, for the second time.
And I realize, you know, nurses, you know, they need their rights and everything too, so just F you to the timing of the whole thing.
Yeah.
Just screwing it all up.
Especially those male nurses.
Stop it.
Alright.
Let's get to the chatroom F yous, shall we?
Let's see.
Rini would like to give an F you to my PlayStation 2 for screwing up my speedruns in Katamari Damacy.
because the analog feature kept dying on my brand new controller.
Sakurazian? I don't know, Sakura S1N?
I'm thinking it's Sakurazian or something. F you to my nephew for being a retard and
just being a stupid dumbass.
Misty would like to say, fuck the person that broke the subwoofer caging
on the In the Groove 2 dedicated cabinet at teatime.
If I ever find out who it was and I actually meet them, there's gonna be hell to pay.
Especially if it's somewhere that's not one of my arcades.
I hope they decide to keep the machine, and one goes to Loki because as I typed this out
I was thinking he's probably going to laugh or something when he hears this.
He actually just ran to the bathroom, so he got away with it.
Misty says, also I want to pass this one along from a friend that doesn't have IRC.
Fuck all the Harry Potter spoilers.
Double amen to that, although I've been lucky.
Sakurina is a guy, says F you to myself for eating too much tonight and suffering a stomach
aid, a stomach ache, and F you to the heat here, especially since we celebrated Christmas
today early. That's kind of early. Let's see, Jammer J would like to send an F you to roof
repairs after hurricanes. Ouch, sorry to hear about that. Reznor says an insane fuck you
to Sony for making it so damn hard to become a Jedi in Star Wars Galaxies, and fuck you
to the Mac haters out there. You hear that? And fuck you to Logitech for making a shitty
joystick that doesn't work worth anything I'm so sorry if I fuck up this
pronunciation Kamui Kamui Kamui 988 says I say f you to being broke and my laggy
as hell Windows computer well my laggy XP craptacular computer illusion we have
a lot after tonight illusion says f you to getting a fever this weekend and not
being able to go to a party it was lame at being sick Game Boy guide 13 was just
give an F.U. to Max. Ronchan would like to say F.U. to my family for being dipshits all
you die already. F.U. to my friend Carmen for only showing up in the city every six
months and hanging out with her causing me to miss most of Orange Lounge Radio. Visit
more woman! Is that Carmen Sandiego? No, I don't think it is. Vidpower would like to
say an F.U. to Lint. I agree. Lint is annoying. Where does Lint come from? That's what I want
know I never really sure bothered to read on it but where you know it wasn't
on the shirt when I bought it you notice how your shirts become a little bit
dandy start seeing through them that's a pewter whoever can't design a shirt
right last up dark Tetsuya says F you to whatever is causing the voices to be
really quiet on Fox so guess what maybe it's time to stop I ran I ran into like
watched part of Family Guy. God damn you! God damn you! And they were talking about
Peter is fascinated with the world of never ending the story and he was riding Falcor
and he was too heavy so Falcor crashed into the ground. That's hilarious. Will you stop
giving free plugs to the competition? I love that show! Family Guy is our competition now,
you must hate it. I watch every episode on repeat on the internet. On BitTorrent, yeah.
That's fine. It's TiVo. I call it TiVo.
Alright. We're going to go to a quick break. Just a couple songs.
So we're going to come back and we're going to do some Ask Orange Lounge.
You guys, it's your guys' chance to control the show.
And I notice we have a lot of new listeners tonight.
And I'm wondering if that's coming from the podcast or what.
But it's your chance to ask us any question you want, within reason.
Keep it clean. Speaking of which, go to podcastawards.com.
You'll notice at the bottom of the page to the right,
to the right, you'll see the best video game podcast. And, whoa, look in there, it's Orange
Andrea's A Go. Vote with every single email address that you have. Actually, you can do
it every day. You know what? Be careful, because I don't want us to get disqualified. So, if
you just remember to vote every day, just use one email address is enough. Honestly,
it really is. You don't have to worry about the multiple. Is that okay? Just get all of
your friends to vote, too. Yeah, that's it. You don't have to use multiple. You just get
And aunts and uncles.
And their IP addresses.
That's the thing.
That's the key.
Oh, it's fine.
Alright.
Also, you should check out our podcast anyway, in general, because it's really cool.
And you can subscribe on iTunes and it's so easy.
All you have to do is do a search for orange lounge and we show up.
Imagine that.
So listen to us.
For me, I was just holding him and just in front of my cat.
What?
Dark Sakura?
I didn't hear that.
If you do a search for Dark Sakura, all one word, on Google Images, the third picture
you come up with is my cat.
Do they get any pictures of you?
Because I think our listeners are curious what you look like.
They've been wanting to see your picture for forever.
All they have to do is pull up iTunes and look at our little picture there.
You can see a little teeny tiny, or not even 50 by 50, teeny tiny picture.
When I get back from, um, my, uh, special break, I will post a picture in the chat room.
Yay!
Alright.
Isn't that really cute?
Alright, we'll be back.
Uh, we're gonna, uh, play a song.
I feel like, I wanna hear something from Red, since we've been playing Happy Sky all night,
I wanna hear some Red.
So we're gonna get to K-KAK!
K-Kak.
We'll be back after this.
Hey!
It's just a disturbed guide!
Just a disturbed guide.
Please listen to Orange Lounge Radio, because Real Radio makes Captain Jack cry.
We are back here on Orange Lounge Radio and it's time to get into some Ask Orange Lounge,
but first actually what I wanted to state.
This is a response to something that was said in the chat room like an hour ago, but I forgot
to respond to it.
somebody was mentioning a magical drop 3 tournament and I was like oh my god
magical drop is like one of my favorite puzzle games ever like it's right up
there with like medios you know I have that on Neo Geo CD I have magical drop
on my cell phone how hardcore is that give me give me some credit I love
magical drop anyway I just want to say that too much metal for one hand let's
get into so oh by the way in that break we had a Kakak from 2d x red everyday
lovely day my favorite consumer song I love that song and Dixie no I'm sorry I
can't do it without laughing DX y all in that break but I knew if we didn't get
in some some taku that our one and only dark soccer would be very upset so yeah
I would have screamed bloody murder and murdered everybody we have a freaking
ton of questions tonight ask orange lounge you ready for this
Let's ask Orange Lounge some stupid question. What will we find out this week on Orange Lounge Radio?
I have to admit I'm a little bit scared because there's new people listening tonight and who knows what they might submit.
It might be questions we've heard a thousand times.
It's a different song every time.
We need to make one long compilation of all this.
I am officially halfway through the book.
I like that it has purple text on black on the spine.
Rini is asking about, could you elaborate more on Togo's presence at E3?
It's the first time hearing about him being there.
Yeah, Togo was there. I don't know why he was there.
I imagine, I think it has something to do with Mania being in the U.S.
I think he might be a part of that.
Please don't quote me on that.
I think I had heard something about that he's kind of a part of that.
kind of a part of that, which makes sense because he's been kind of heavy in the Japanese
consumer style side. But I did get my picture with him, so when I finally stopped being
lazy and put up my picture gallery, which maybe I'll do tonight if I can tear myself
away from my new HDTV. He was there, Sana was not, Akira Yamoko was not there this year,
which made me a little sad, so Togo was kind of the token Bamani artist that was there.
But he wasn't doing any type of talks or anything like that, so that's all we know. He was there
and meeting people, and wasn't scared of us when we ran up and asked for a picture. Me
and Miklata ran up and were like, let's get a picture.
Let's see, moving on, we have a question from Reznor. Reznor wants to know, is there a live
show dedicated to other video games or old school gaming? We actually do have one other
live show currently on the network, and that is on Tuesday nights, Dark Sakura, and you
do talk about the old school gaming sometimes. Yeah, sometimes I even play stuff from them.
So what would you say is the theme of your show?
Theme? I have a theme.
Exactly. The theme is Jamie. That is the theme.
It's whatever the heck I feel like playing and whatever anybody requests as long as it's not a seeming piece of fecal matter.
Um, Reznor, I must also say that, um, uh, we're gonna be launching a retro lunch program here on the station very soon.
We're gonna play the greatest in 8 and 16-bit music.
all the 8-bit music done.
I just need to get the 16-bit music done, and then we're
ready to go.
So all right.
Moving on.
Let's see.
Gameboyguy13 wanted a clarification on that site
where we could vote.
That was podcastawards.com.
Although also, if you want to be so kind,
podcastalle.com has a voting system, A-L-L-E-Y.com.
And the more people that vote for us there, just do a search
for Orange Lounge, the higher ranked we are and the more
attention we get.
And again, we here at Orange Launch Radio, we like attention.
Let's see.
Sacarino wants to know, what do you think the next 2DX style
will be called?
Since there is Happy Sky, 2DX Red,
what do you think the next one will be called?
2DX 13.
Just 13.
Alright. Um, let's see. DarklionXVI, also known as Siggy, just wanted to point out that
I mispronounced c-c-c-ck, because I just like saying it that way. It's actually c-c-chack.
Sorry. Jammer Jay wants to know. Oh, I'm sorry. That was a request. My bad. Not a question.
Whoops. Oh, Sacra Sacrasian, I think that is, wants to know, why do you think there
hasn't been ABBA in DDR yet and why do I have to wait for a picture of Dark
Sakura oh shoot I was gonna do that right I was reading Harry Potter the
weight will be very short here it comes and why hasn't there been ABBA in DDR
yet you know lay all your love on me a cover of that was on dance mania x5 so
that song would have been else and erotic house cover dancing Queen that's
true erotic actually had a whole album of ABBA covers that was pretty good so
lay all your love on me would have been eligible for like DDR fourth mix but for
some reason, it was overlooked. It's Sakura S1N, my bad. Alright, so you'll get your picture
of Dark Sakura very shortly. And that's it, that's all the questions we've gotten so far.
So I guess that's it for Ask Orange Lounge. I guess so. We're reading some other things
in the chatroom there. Let's see. 2DX Violet is a suggestion there. 2DX X2. And then they're
back to talking about Harry Potter, so go figure. I just, I couldn't get into the Harry
Potter books. I have RDD. I have Reading Deficit Disorder. I can't read the big books. I don't
know why. I try. I used to, but the weird thing is I used to when I was a kid all the
I used to read Judy Blume, I used to read R.L. Stine, the Ramona Quimby books, come on, those things were the shit.
Don't roll your eyes at me!
I can roll my eyes at whoever I want to!
Ramona was the shit.
I read the Tales of a Fourth Grade Nothing.
See? He read the Judy Blume too.
I left in super fudge.
Reznor wants to know, what is your favorite magical drop 3 character?
You know, actually most of the magical drop I played was number 2, I didn't really play
number 3.
I didn't know there was an emulator for number 3 yet, so I haven't really played much of
3, just 2.
So I don't really know the characters that well, I'm sorry, I just play it.
And Rini wants to know, pancakes or waffles?
Waffles.
Waffles.
Neither.
Belgium waffles.
Waffle house waffles.
The peanut butter and banana waffle from the country, or was that country waffles?
Not waffle house.
We don't have those here.
Country waffles.
Yeah.
The banana and peanut butter are the bomb.
Love it.
Alright.
Anyway, that's going to do it for another episode of Orange Lounge Radio.
Thank you for listening and tuning in to us and listening to our show and our rants and our raves.
Now it's time to go around and get everybody's final thought.
Loki, your final thought tonight?
My final thought is this week's going to suck.
Why?
Because that baby's a damn dog, and the dog's going to wake me up every night at four in the morning,
4 in the morning and I'm not going to be getting that much sleep.
I'm sorry to hear it and so that sucks.
Plus I don't get to be at my house where I have internet.
So my mom has dial-up and that's no good.
DarkSakura, your final thought.
Reject false icons and people stop getting in my way of me reading the book.
And my final thought is I'm going to go play with my new television.
I want to go play Xbox really big.
Can't wait.
2DX. I'm so playing 2DX tonight.
I played Guitar Man on mine.
Ooh, how was that?
50 inches of Guitar Man goodness.
I actually have a widescreen TV.
You have to set your PlayStation options to the widescreen.
I won't forget.
Because it'll look kind of funky if you just do it on the TV.
No, but I'm going to play 2DX widescreen and I'm going to...
I'm going to probably spill beer in my pants.
You can also do Ultramix in widescreen.
I don't think Ultramix supports HD. That made me sad.
Yeah. I looked on the back. It doesn't support HTC.
But the thing is, is that for the PS2, you have an option in your menu to change the graphic option.
Can't wait. Can't wait.
All right. Final word of the show. One word to sum the whole damn thing up for everybody.
Happy episode 150, you guys, by the way.
Congratulations.
Yay.
I think this should be the last one. Let's finish. We're done.
Bye.
No, we'll be back next week with episode 151, and then we're going on vacation for a little while.
At least I am, so I think that means we all are, unless one of you guys is going to be doing a show for your house, I don't know. We'll see. We'll talk about that later.
Maybe we should do, like, a countdown episode.
Countdown episode? Can we just get out of here?
I'll work on it.
Five, four, three, uh-uh-uh.
Twenty-nine! Twenty-eight!
How about when the doors close, you just say, GO!
The chat room wants me to remind you all of Channel Oregon Trail, a brand new station.
Maybe we should start Oregon Trail Radio, what do you think?
And now, the dysentery song.
Alright, join the Oregon Trail Channel, it owns your soul.
And that's it.
Final word of the show.
Loki, one word to sum it all up, TV spot soon.
That does it for another episode of Orange Lounge Radio Live.
Orange Lounge Radio Live is an Orange Lounge Radio production.
For more information about our station, visit our website at www.orangeloungeradio.com.
And now, here is your fortune cookie message of the day.
Thank you very much for listening, and we'll see you next week.
All right, off to go tape our podcast where we won't talk about Bimani, much to the disappointment
of Rini, who asked me earlier this evening why we don't talk about Bimani on our podcast.
We do once in a while, but we just try to be a little different on the vodcast.
We talk about games that don't suck, and some that do.
So we're off to go do that, and we'll see you guys later.
But for right now, you guys are getting booted from the stream, because we're going back
to our Bahmani Music and More program.
So reconnect to the stream in about 15 seconds or so and...
