Tonight on Orange Lounge Radio we are back after having a week off and tonight is a big
big show for us boys and girls because it is our third birthday!
Yay!
I'm this many!
But you can't see.
Yeah, that was a great radio joke.
Yes, plenty of great radio jokes to come tonight. Also,
booze. Lots and lots of booze.
And I spent 40 bucks on liquor. And DarkStakra doesn't even know what I bought yet,
but I assure you I got at least one of her favorites. So we've got all that
tonight on Orange Lawn's radio. Oh, and then maybe some gaming stuff too.
We'll be back after this lovely introduction.
Orange Lounge Radio is presented in the TMI sound format.
Did you know I mentioned to Orange miles radium blue line been on and talked radio radio
Oh my god.
Oh god.
Heh heh heh heh. Call me daddy.
Orange Lounge may contain adult content.
Orange Lounge may contain many four letter words.
Orange Lounge may contain a scene of nudity.
Orange Lounge may contain plenty of...
B-b-b-b-cocky.
Just kidding, Orange Lounge Radio will not contain any of that.
In this episode...
Well, isn't that special?
Orange Lounge Radio Live is a fully interactive program via our website at www.orangeloungeradio.com.
And now, here are your hosts for Orange Lounge Radio Live, Dark Sakura, Sky, and Loki.
We are live, and this is episode number 148 for this July the 3rd of 2005.
You're tuned in to Orange Lounge Radio, radio the gamers really want.
And this is Orange Lounge Radio Live, your home for all the news and discussion on rhythm
the music games, as well as the gamer community and the pop culture world. We're plugged in
and fully interactive through our website at www.orangeloungeloundradio.com. My name
is Rob Roberts, you might know me as Sky. Joining me, as always, are my awesome co-hosts.
In this corner, the happiest bunny on the farm is Dark Sakura. Jamie Summers?
You have to remember my roommate, the extra fur? Huge Buffy fan. Have you ever walked into his room and looked through the DVD collections?
I've seen them from across the hall.
It's just a whole shelf of Buffy and Angel.
I am of the happy for the show, but of the angst for other reasons.
What a waste of money.
Damn you, Hot Topic. Damn you!
We'll be getting into that a little while. We all have a lot of angst to say. I don't know about Loki.
I know I've got big angst to say. But I have a refrigerator now!
That's good. Refrigerators are good. Cold things are good. And the washer and dryer. I have some
surprises in the refrigerator right now. I've never been so excited to be able to do my
own laundry in a long time.
Would it be the fish tasty nice?
No, it's not the fish tasty nice. Shut your mouth.
You just... I don't know. Forget it. Anyway, in the other corner,
blabbermouth who talks before he's introduced tech master loki i'm a lot of
talk i'm part of the show
and i'm almost done with my drink
you know he's looking at already one drink down boys and girls
what are you drinking loki i'm drinking screwdrivers that's all i'm gonna be
drinking all night long three every three every three dash it should i get
the rest of the liquor
i need to be through this any need alcohol
okay i'll i'm gonna go get the rest of it is the dark side of the level two
I need to mix, I need to mix my own drink.
I got forty dollars worth of liquor tonight, so I'm gonna go get it, so somebody's gotta
fill time during this intro.
Tell the kids what they have to look forward to.
I had ice cream?
Cause I'm cheating like hell today.
I am having so much liquor that I'm probably gonna end up in the hospital with blood poisoning,
as in, you know, too much blood on my alcohol level.
See, Rod had something rotten in his freezer, so all of his ice tastes really fucking nasty,
so all my drinks are, like, not cold.
And that...
And so fish.
Exactly.
I was like, I smelled, I sniffed in their eye.
Ugh, what is that?
Like, I don't know, man.
I mean, even when our nasty freezer didn't smell that bad, but...
I can't really get too shitfaced tonight because I'm gonna go drinkin' at the club too.
Ahh!
You also got me pineapple and Malibu, but I have Guinness.
And no bottle opener!
I got Guinness, I'll get something.
Guinness, Peppermint Schnapps, Malibu Pineapple Rum, and there's also a Smirnoff Mandarin Orange.
Do you have any normal Malibu?
I don't think there's any left.
I hate to say it.
Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!
It is on sale!
sale!
Oh.
Is that the same bottle of Bacardi that's been sitting there for like weeks now?
Probably I don't know.
Guinness!
Go fetch!
Ew, Buzzy!
Licker, liquor, liquor, I wanna drink my goodness. Screw the show, gimme three!
We will be back after this break, cause I gotta go, what is wrong with that mic?
Ah!
It's not drunk yet. Needs more alcohol.
I want to be dunked.
Okay, we will work on that. And of course our alcohol show disclaimer when we come back after this.
We're not responsible for anything we say or do.
Or stuff.
Or who we kill.
In this break, some music that was popular when Orange Lounge Radio first started.
You remember what game was really big when Orange Lounge Radio first started?
DDR!
Max 2? DDR Max 2. DDR was actually still popular.
DDR Max 2. He made it funny.
I know.
How far listeners aren't going to get it? They're like, DDR's still cool.
DDR Max 2. And remember we were trying to unlock music and all that stuff?
Oh, good times. Good times.
Wasn't that also deep in the middle of playing Lots of Space Channel 5?
At that point you probably were.
Up, down, up, down, two, two, two.
In this break we're going to play some music from Max 2.
We'll start it off with Busta.
I will go find something to open that with.
Isn't it twisty off?
We'll be back.
Not twisty off.
We'll be back after this.
With more whining courtesy of Dark Sakura.
Oh
My love, I want you to be my man
Step, have a living cool master scream
If you wanna go faster, taking a train to the next station
On the dance floor, rocking the nation
The sound, it's coming out now
The day change, play your song loud
Dancing, make your body rock
Long train running and it won't stop
Like a bista, I keep on churning
Like a fire, I keep on burning
Hands around in a place
With every change they write a page
This is the beginning
That we're going round and round
And the silver is going to go in the heart
Of the battle that comes next
We're going to help
We're going to be the last
We're going to be here right now
We're going to be in my house
We're going to love
And here we go
And then we go
If you want to see more of this, please subscribe to this channel.
And if you want to see more of this, please subscribe to this channel.
Thanks for watching!
It is rising, the money's getting low According to our soft saying, the street's the place to go
Just a night for the first time
Just about half past ten
For the first time in history
Gotta start prayin' then
It's prayin' then
Hallelujah, it's prayin' then
Amen, it's prayin' then
Hallelujah, it's prayin' then
Please feel free to join us on June 23rd at 7 p.m. for our first show of the Orange
Lounge, the new Baylani Community Talk Show.
If you're not there, we'll hunt you down.
We know where you live.
We have your numbers.
We looked it up on the internet.
Hello.
We're back here on Orange Lounge Radio.
A little bit of retro there.
That was one of the first commercials for Orange Lounge Radio we ran on here.
We are having a catastrophe here in studio.
This is horrible.
Nowhere in this apartment was there a bottle opener anywhere.
Is there screaming coming from the kitchen?
No, but Jamie split a nail.
Jamie split a nail trying to open a bottle of Guinness with a knife while I'm running
around the house trying to find a lighter that I remember once having that had a bottle
opener on the end of it.
And this is the first time that I'm going to regret quitting smoking because if I was
still smoking I'd probably still have that lighter on me oh well how you
feeling now that you finally finally by the way Nellie Loki's fiancee ran
downstairs and picked up a bottle opener from the neighbors which would have been
the smart thing to do in the first place so anyway so Dark Sakura has a Guinness
Loki's on the second screwdriver I still double screwdriver I still have
not drank in anything so I've got to go get that Guinness that you opened up for
so I'll be back you guys still time I like Guinness the whole bunch yep I do
why it better than that camel piss they sell you know cores or whatever dark you
YOU CAN EAT IT WITH A SPOON!
Ew.
Goodness, this is yummy stuff.
No.
Um.
Yeah.
Um.
It's been really hot.
Shit, yeah.
What?
Okay.
This is really funny because Xtopher, my roommate, had a crush on the neighbors downstairs.
So he had to go downstairs and take the bottle opener back and it's just really funny.
I'm giggling, because it's the first time they've met, so.
Aw.
I expect Barbara Streisand music to start playing in the background.
Yeah, it's cute.
Anyway, I have Guinness, so.
I've been listening to show tunes in my car.
I got the Spam-A-Lot CD, the Money Python Broadway play.
Uh-huh.
You're staring at your bottle in winter.
It's like I was drinking and nothing was coming out,
but it's still foaming.
That's why.
Look, it's going to foam over.
Anyway.
Flaming is not good on Guinness. You need to pour it in such a way that it doesn't foam.
I'm going to pour it in my mouth pretty soon.
Where's the webcam? It better not be pointing at me.
No, it's pointing at me, actually.
Look, Boost.
Here, I can hold it again. Oh shit, my Guinness is going to spill over.
Tonight, by the way, if you're looking for a quality show...
Excuse me.
Our show is as good as those fireworks out there.
It started off great, but it kind of degrades after, you know, over time.
We'll open up the Skype line so you can give your congratulations to us.
We just want it down for your safety.
Run down!
Alright, good luck getting the next one open.
That's because I already opened it. Aha!
I told you the one that was already open. I hope you open three.
Okay.
Oh, they gave us the bottle opener. It doesn't matter.
Yeah, no, the neighbors downstairs gave it to us.
They took it back.
Oh.
Yeah.
They took it back.
And they said no keep it
It's all excited. All right. Anyway, how was your week? How was your day? We'll start off the show with the classic
We weren't here last week. So yeah, we've got two weeks to catch up on what they do last week
Oh, yeah, I'm sorry. We have to do the drunk disclaimer. I'm sorry
We have to start the show the drunk disclaimer boys and girls on myself Loki and dark Sakura all
Indulging in a little bit of liquor tonight
But please if you are going to drink drink responsibly which we will be doing for the most part
and have a designated driver. We do have several designated drivers tonight.
Xtaphir is remaining sober. He will be chauffeuring DarkSakura and I to the club later on,
and Loki's significant other Nellie is remaining sober as well.
So please, kids, don't drink and drive. And if you do decide to start drinking because of us,
please don't tell your parents it was because of us, because the last thing we need is a lawsuit.
Blame it on Grand Theft Auto. Yes, blame it on Grand Theft Auto. They'll believe that.
Exactly. Alright, how was your week? How was your day? Um, what was it? My week?
What did I do last week? I think I went down and met the Rabbi, I believe that was last week, and we went down to San Francisco and that kind of sucked.
Yeah, that's what we did last Sunday. So we did that and that was kind of boring because, you know, San Francisco sucks and it was kind of cold and we went to the Cheesecake Factory and they have lean pizza there.
But I guess, you know, they would probably, you know, specialize in cheesecake and not pizza.
And then, um, let's see, what else? Oh, I picked up the game, or not God of War, um, Destroy All Humans, and that was a lot of fun.
And, um, I actually beat that game today.
And, um, what else? Oh, I got another PSP as a spiff from my work, so now I have two PSPs.
And, um, I'm playing this game Dead to Rights Reckoning right now, which is okay.
And, uh, no DDR at all.
Because, um, I have no computer to play it on my cabinet, because my sister is borrowing my cabinet computer, and that sucks.
Why?
Because she needs a computer for school.
And I tried building her one of the really shitty parts I had, and it didn't work, so...
Alas, she had to borrow it.
So my cabinet computer is gone for the summer.
Oh well. It's not like you were using it anyway.
No, I used it once. You built this huge main cabinet. It was a huge deal and you spent
how much money on this main cabinet? About $3,000.
Thousands of dollars on this cabinet. And then I think I saw you playing the
Simpsons arcade game once.
I used to play a lot more than that. It's just, you know,
What it comes down to right now is just I haven't been able to work on it lately.
Once I get more stuff in there like a BeatMania controller or something, it'll be a lot more fun.
And I was playing DDR on it, but the problem is I'll have to still mod the pads to ground out the static on them,
and then it'll work, and then I can play DDR and get in shape and the whole plan and everything.
But right now it's just, you know...
Are you gonna have a six-pack and all that stuff?
Number three!
Wait, how are you on number three already? You drank number one in front of us.
Double shot of vodka. Well, in that case, I'm on number four.
Double shots count as one beverage because it's in one glass.
Okay, then where did number two go? I'm still on number one.
I am on number three. Alright, anyway. Yeah, but where did number two go?
I did a double shot of vodka. Oh, well then what's this
you're drinking now? Sugar-free Cherry
Joan soda, and a double shot of vodka.
I can drink vodka straight, thank you.
I'm sorry, uh, MAME CABINET.
Anyways, yeah, so, MAME CAB and the computer are gone. For now.
Because Mr. Strasser has to do homework.
That's it. That's really all I did this week, is just playing Destroy All Humans.
It's a lot of fun throwing people around using psychic abilities.
Especially with the ragdoll physics in that game.
It makes for a lot of fun. Like, you can pick up cows and smash them in the stuff and just people and it's a lot of fun. A lot of fun.
And, um, so that's pretty much all I've been playing this week and, um, yeah. That's pretty much it.
So, uh, you went and saw The War of the Worlds, right?
Oh, yeah.
How was that?
That was good.
I have no interest in seeing War of the Worlds.
It was good.
I know I've been hearing it's really good, but I'm like, uh, Tom Cruise is so 80s.
Who cares about Tom Cruise? Tom Cruise isn't white.
And I don't like Spielberg movies either. I really don't like the only Spielberg movie I ever liked.
Terminator 2 was fucking awesome!
That was not a Spielberg movie!
Wasn't it? Yeah, well, no, that was Cameron.
Steven Spielberg presents Terminator 2.
I don't think he'd give Cameron, because he's awesome.
T-Term-Termie, can you-can you help me save the world?
Yes.
I just do a don't B.R.I.
Hey, Terminator, phone home. I'll be back. I don't really want to hurt humans. I just have to because I'm programmed this way.
Do you think that the Star Wars movies would have been better if Spielberg had a hand in them?
No, they couldn't have. Yes, because anything is better than Lucas. Although, Episode III was pretty cool. I'll give him that.
I saw George Lucas and I almost flicked Liz Adam.
And first off, people, this is not, you know, this is not, this is not E.T. Spielberg.
This is dual Spielberg.
This is like dark Spielberg, okay?
Like evil Spielberg.
Anyways, so, um, do you know who I am?
Do you have a tray?
This is not a game.
Who the fuck are you?
i didn't even get back to you
anyway if you're going to be a good friend i highly recommend going to see
this movie i want to see it again it was really good at the movie that will stick
with you it's just like you know i wow
you know it's one of those you know like gum that got on my friend john shew the
other day okay and a great go into this movie knowing it's gonna and book like
the original it's not going to be this for the spoilers
oh come on it's a goddamn movie you know how it ends
i mean come on everyone knows how it ends but it's good okay that's all you need to know
and um...
the only gripe about it is the aliens
were a little too cute
and a little too dumb
and and they died when you poured water on them what's up with that
they didn't die when you poured water there's water in the atmosphere what the hell that makes no
sense at all but they have like cute like faces it's the same thing about about the
wicked witch of the west uh...
How could she walk around fucking Oz
when there's condensation in the air? How do we know that Oz was based around a
carbon-based, you know...
Because it was on fucking Earth that they could freakin' play a balloon to Kansas!
And Batman begins... Well Oz is part of Hollywood, dammit!
Batman begins, what the fuck? Our bodies are made of water. What the fuck was that?
I haven't seen a damn movie, so shut up. I didn't spoil it lately. Have you seen the movie?
What the fuck? Our bodies are made of water. That's a good point. People would explode.
I would have liked that better.
I liked Batman Begins because it had the set up of one of the 60's Batmans.
Honestly, that would have been great, you know, they have this great plan and stuff.
You know, the vaporized water and whatnot. And then people start explaining, they're
all, well that's a good idea. That's an unseen side effect, but okay, hey,
I'm going with it, you know.
Poison people, make them explode, whatever, hey, it's the same, you know, consequence.
uh... testing
doesn't talk about it i think uh...
they need more anyway
uh... anything else to say about your week in a day
uh...
just pretty much just sticking around the house and in place to surround him
that gives a lot of fun
i've been playing a game nonstop only two i don't know what about an hour on
podcast well the problem is that by the wages
usually take our podcast right after the show so i'm kinda worried about
tonight's pocket i don't care
We'll see.
No, but anyways, yeah, Destroy All Humans, awesome game, it's a lot of fun, what's great
about it though is one, the main Martian or Furon, the alien race or whatever, is voiced
by the guy that does Invader Zim.
So it's Zim, the game is basically Invader Zim the game, it's just awesome, and they've
got some other voice actors from other, you know, cartoons out there, I think there's
a guy from King of the Hill and some other ones I recognized but I wasn't positive because,
You know, I don't remember voice actor names, but Invader Zim Guy, I was like, oh, I love
this game.
And it's got, I think, because I didn't really watch the clip all the way, I think you can
actually unlock the movie Plan 9 from Outer Space.
That's kind of interesting.
Yeah, and B movies and stuff.
It's just, the whole game plays like a 50's B movie, and it's great.
It's the best thing.
So.
Alright.
I gotta go get a new drink.
I'm looking at the Malibu pineapple, so Dark Sakura has to tell us about her week while
I go do that.
I've...
Huh?
I spent all week moving my shit from my apartment, which sucks a whole bunch of ass.
It sucks an ass larger than that of Roseanne Barr at her biggest.
Or Rosie O'Donnell at current.
Oh god, that one was chunky.
Anyway, I've moved all this stuff from the apartment, well Dan and I took two days off,
and we got all this stuff from our apartment, and he says it's like a really twisted Christmas
where you're opening all these presents that's full of your own shit and you don't know what's
in what box.
I've got the kitchen mostly unpacked, and um, I've been working on that today and yesterday
And then we got our refrigerator, and we got our washer and dryer, and we spent over $2,700
for that set.
So you're in a house now?
I'm in a house.
Awesome.
I'm going to be living there for some time.
And I'm thinking that we might even move studio, maybe, if everyone's not opposed to it, because
I live in citrus heights instead of Rancho, Cambodia.
That happened too.
Really?
You don't say?
I'm having very juicy burps, and I don't know why.
I don't know.
Dan's supposed to be here any moment now with my pants.
And...
I've got to go downstairs and prepare to be...
pretend to be sober.
And make it down the stairs. That's going to be fun.
Just slide down the rail.
We got a 50-inch freaking HD widescreen projection TV.
And this thing...
is huge.
It's a very...
Is it 50 inch huge?
It is very satisfying.
I could do that. I could ride that thing all night.
Or watch it.
You could ride. She's gonna ride the TV all night long.
Did you hear that?
I'm going to mix it onto the TV.
For those of you keeping drink counts at home,
I'm now drinking four shots of Malibu Pineapple mixed with 7-Up.
And I have my DDR ice in there.
Taste!
i found ice trays at ikea now there are a lot of the i think it's like
fish you know the drink is hella good by the way
is that i think that i think the cochran
the ice is kosher
i thought that i didn't think of a ramp and that i want was i'm gonna start on
them shot
five in six i think
yeah this is not fair
but i have had uh...
kenneth as well and give me
have given out of the shot i guess
because i have going by like you know how they count drinks you know as the
shot of alcohol the drink in
uh... beer is a drink in whatever else is a glass of wine i guess is a drink so
this one really really and i'm going to get you the on the show
because i'm going to be at the club tonight yeah we're all
we're going to the club with you know if you guys are going to the club i ain't going nowhere
do you think that he would take us by the time so i can get treatment probably
we can talk extra for into it
extroverts in a good mood he met his crush so
i need to meet his crush next. I need to go down and give him a drunken thank you
and i need to hear his
like hot british accent anyway i missed your week and your day but i'm
sure it was good
NO IT WASN'T
oh not today your day wasn't good but
my week was spent with
boxes
i sleep surrounded by a dirty laundry
because all of my laundry is dirty and we haven't had a washing machine
which we just got today, and guess what I get to do on the 4th of July?
Laundry?!
Laundry Laundry! Whoo!
Shh, I have neighbors, people.
I'm sorry for your neighbors, but I have lots of laundry-related aids.
We realize what happens when they give us a can opener.
I mean, come on, our bottle opener.
We like you, sexy British man.
Shh, Jesus.
I don't love this sexy British man. I'm sorry.
that's okay
i would love him for you
okay
alrighty then
i love my dan
cause he understands that every so often
if i don't have liquor i'll shrivel up and die
i think if we get a tv show i'm gonna always do it drunk
you're gonna sit back and be like
i was a little lowkey and i was angry and drunk
I want to be wearing like one of those like you know leisure suit not
necessarily leisure suit but something like you know Hugh Hefner be wearing you
know like a bathrobe and like slippers and be sitting there with a martini some
of those hosts on g4 have to be drunk to get through everyone in Hollywood is
either drunk or on drugs. Or Lola skates.
Lola skates? Lola! Lola skates!
I was laughing! Oh my god, isn't the internet a nerd?
Oh god. You know what, Rob? That can has been on your desk for a year.
Chat room? No it hasn't. Chat room, they said I only had four drinks, but that is one Guinness and four shots.
We're even right now, Trevor.
We're going by government drinks, okay? Technically this would be a second drink if I were counting, you know, actual drinks.
By actual drink numbers, Rob has had two, Loki has had two, I have had three.
By shot, we are all dead tied at five.
Well, I'm at four. I'm going to be starting at five in just a second here as soon as I finish the last bit of my drink.
And I apologize for belching, but I'm having soda with my vodka right now.
Which I... you all know that I am a belch monster already.
That is my one highly unfeminine trait.
Excuse me while I take a brief recess to get some more alcohol.
I also have other unfeminine traits like climbing trees,
and shooting people with guns,
and driving a tank.
It's the adventures of Lo!
Oh my god! I could do a webcomic of that!
Wouldn't that be spiking funny?
You're gonna do a webcomic? LOL! LOL!
No, I forgot!
You're a burb!
Locule burb!
LOL!
Did you say burb?
Burb!
Burb!
No seriously, I'm gonna do the orange sounds webcomic, but I need someone who does flash.
Cause we need to have our fictional studio online.
Where everyone can explore and interact with us.
Wow
well yes I have an observation for you it's a very obvious one
what's that? The shrimp is fucking hot! I know I'm I'm trying my best it's because you're drinking
you're getting hot from drinking
I'm just hot anyway we know we know
alright my week of my day my week
my ability is not indulging, it's staring at traffic lights
No! Who is the diva of this show? I do not believe that it is you
I am an internet fucking celebrity.
I am not a celebrity who fucks the internet, except for screwing it over.
I am an internet celebrity that makes me the diva of the show.
Hello? My power cable just fell out of my lap.
I'm an internet celebrity too. I have like 140 friends on my space. Come on.
I have to plug myself in again.
I have like 140 friends on my space.
I joined Myspace a month ago and I have 42 people, including Corey Feldman.
Cori Thumbt is my buddy.
I want to make a Myspace profile for Adventures of Lol.
I'm sorry.
I made an Orange Zones one but I haven't done Chipotle yet.
I am not in heat, shut up!
If I were in heat you would know.
Cause if it wouldn't be you I would be heat-mat.
Wow.
Are you finished so I can talk about my week? Cause my week sucked.
Fuck your week.
Fuck your week?
I'll go to a break bitch.
Turn off your mic.
I give you permission to speak, oh, Rob, who sits by the computer, with your legs all crossed.
You need a cigarette now, you are so like, you'd be so posh.
You were the most supportive of me stopping smoking, and now you're like, you want a cigar
tonight?
You need a cigarette, Rob?
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.
I do not believe in cigarettes, because cigarettes are very addicting.
I do have my secret hidden stash.
Clothes I'm fine with, because you best be hooking me up with that.
I have found out from my fiancé, he's not really happy about it, but he is okay with
me having a cigar every so often.
So I picked up a pack of Black & Milds, because they're pipe tobacco, and pipe tobacco is
sexy.
We really don't endorse smoking, boys and girls.
Don't start.
So light them up if you got them!
Don't start, kids.
It's a nasty habit.
habit is a nasty habit and if you have your lungs full a tar will laugh at you
when you croak okay tell us about your week Rob I bet it was fascinating no my
car was broken into for the second time this week which sucks you should move
this time they smashed a window and they took my new stereo that the insurance
company had replaced they dug through my car until they found my faceplate I mean
okay stupid me for keeping my faceplate in my car but I had it in a secret spot
where I didn't think anyone would find it and so I was kind of it I'll get I'll
I'll get the fan in a little bit so it cools off in here.
Wait, hold on.
I'm giving Jamie some competition.
You're red in the face, Oki.
Oki, you're red.
I'm going to give you my Zoom doll.
I have a big plushy Zen pillow.
I have a big plushy girl pillow.
Oh, our chat room is www.org.com.
Why is the chat room saying our stream dropped?
No, we're still up. I think it's just one person.
We always have it up.
I'm always up
No, we don't make me waste my body by spitting it on your face. I don't even want to discuss stuff like that
Just because yeah, what what happened?
Well, it's not what happened. It's
We're not gonna go there cuz that's a little you know beyond the show format
Okay, it's not no let's talk about Loki's sex life. It's not a bad thing either. It's good stuff, but okay
you know it's just
it's it's it's a side effect of having a cold
i get a weird side effect
and so
it's just odd
we're not going to talk about it okay
i don't know what he's laughing about but can we get nellie in here to clarify
i can tell you what it is but i'm not telling you
i have a replacement for dunk
what's that
Derk. Derk. Alright. Anyway, um, what was all my car got broken into? And this time,
instead of just prying open the door, they actually smashed on one of my windows, and
the insurance company won't replace my broken window until a week from today. Isn't that
stupid? So I'm driving around, oh, and, to add insult to injury, they fucked up my lock
on the driver's side, so I can't even open my driver door. So, get into my car, I have
to open up the passenger door, climb my fat ass across the seat, and then I get to sit
down. It sucks.
You sure? Well, do they fuck up the lock on the outside or the lock all together?
They fucked it up. I can't open the door from the inside.
Yeah, because my old car used to have to pop open the door on the passenger side, unlock
the door, and then walk around.
No, it won't even work. It won't even work.
Because some dumbass tried to open the lock with a screwdriver and that didn't work.
My door won't even open from the... I don't even know how they're going to fix it. It'll
be incredible.
But it's great, though. See, my old car, they were trying to steal the stock stairs.
I have to tell something to Illusion real quick.
What?
MAAAWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWW!
MAAAWWWWWWWWWWWW!
Shush!
MAAAWWWWWWWWWWWWWW!
You have to tell him that you're Cat in Heat?
MAAAWWWWWWWWWWWWWW!
MAAAWWWWWWWWWWWW!
Anyway, in the front room right now. By the way, shut up!
MAAAWWWWWWWWWW!
Stop it! I'm gonna set you up!
I'm gonna set the ferret on fire.
MAAAWWWWWWW!
I don't even know where it is, to be honest.
uh...
uh...
uh...
the
they're watching a dirty chain
i thought it was really very it's great
i like it
here's my favorite impersonation
uh... i thought was my week my car got broken into that some impersonation
well i'm not
i'll talk about this one of the podcast if i can come up to insanely drunk
and i was playing media all all you really got that all it just came out
out this past week. Well, I know. It's so hot. I love it. Meteos is like the reason
why there's a DS. Meteos makes... I'm gonna shove that thing up your ass. Meteos is the
reason why they made a DS, seriously. Like, everything good about the DS technology is
used in Meteos. I love it. I want to make sweet love to it and have its babies. And
those babies will be Nintendogs.
Hey, hey, illusion, guess what?
If I could stab this microphone to my brain, I'd do it right now, but since that's impossible.
To answer a question in chat room, somebody's saying that in response to my car getting
broken into, they say, that's what insurance is for.
Yeah, well, I still have $100 deductible, which sucks, and they'll probably jack up
my rates because it's the second time my car's been broken into.
This is because you moved into Rancho, Cambodia.
I swear, like, they're trying to...
I don't know.
You're drunk.
It's because I fucking drank that double shot as fast as I did.
I think we're going to go to break. How's that sound, kids?
I get to pick the songs.
Actually, there's one song I really wanted to play.
Too bad. How does it feel to want it?
Well, we had a request from the chat room, so I think we should honor it.
To hear your reign, the original.
Oh, I like your chat room, person.
That was Misty.
Misty, you were awesome.
No, this is good.
I've got music with me.
Because it's a segue.
It's a good segue.
Because we're going to talk about Akira Yamamoto when we come back.
If we can't.
I need Kotemu Dxy.
If I can find it.
Let's do it again.
All right.
Well, this song's like four minutes, or five minutes.
So we're going to play it.
So we're going to come back and talk about Akira.
Do that and then play, um, um, what's that other one, um, the one that's named after
Beatles song.
Let me do it.
I'll see what we can do.
Alright.
We'll get some music and then we'll be back with more Orange on the State.
And we're going to open up the Skype line.
So if you guys want to talk to us in our, um, uh, uh, what's the word?
Drunken state?
I guess.
Drunken, inebriated, I don't know, state.
You won't have the opportunity when we come back.
Go to OrangeOnTheState.com and click on interact with us.
They said I looked red out there.
Interesting. All right, we'll be back after this.
Uran, the Rage Mix from Akira Yomoka,
because we're going to talk about him when we come back.
Akira.
And how hot he is. We'll be back.
associated with a Fedoke.
Dancing alone again, again
The rain falling on his hands
Are you ready to dance with me?
Nobody's showing me how to return from you
You give to me, I'm gonna find me
There's no stranger we want
None of these
Has ever more than you ever bring you down
All that I need are some simple love of mine
You've touched me by once, it hurts
But stay with me, never forget
Never again will be
I get out of my head and I don't know what I found
Over and over, I see you break me down
On the sidewalk, on the city, on the streets of the wind
Never see the people goin' nowhere
There is no gettin' away
So the passion and the love
My resistance is waiting
Like a flower in the basement
Waiting for our love, yeah
And I don't know what I've done
Over and over I feel it break me down
On the sidewalk of the city Comin' street, just don't remember
See the people goin' nowhere See me talkin' no rage
Comin' fashion, comin' matters My existence is waiting
Like a flower in the basement, waiting for our lonely death
Hello, you and I, we're a dream, we're a dream
Monday, Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday
With the cynical boom in the back
Monday, Friday, Saturday, every night
Oh, you said that I loved you
Yeah, I need you
Oh, oh, oh, oh
You and I
One by one
Let it rain
Hello out there.
This is Rob, but you might know me in the online world as Sky.
On June 23rd at 7pm Pacific Time, join Dark Sakura and I for the Orange Lounge,
the Bomani Scene's newest talk radio program,
where we'll talk about all the latest and everything Bomani.
It's a whole show dedicated to those games that we never shut up about.
Why the fuck did you play that one?
Dark Sakura.
Rod, put out your hand.
You've been ferreted.
That was funny.
Considering that I never...
I remember the crap you got for the first time that you played that game.
And not just for me, okay? Not just for me.
Dark Sakura. You know why I said it that way? Because it's like Coors.
No one didn't want to come out.
Huh?
That burp didn't want to come out.
I think we have some new people tuning into the station tonight.
How many people? We're not like this all the time, okay?
seriously this is one of our like really off nights because we're having our
third birthday show tonight we're really drunk I would do this show drunk every
week if I could but you realize that we had the iTunes 4.9 roll out this week
and they built podcasting into iTunes now so it's been huge for us we have so
many more listeners now thanks to iTunes making it really easy to subscribe to
podcast we have like a million listeners. That was a sobering belch. For those of you guys
keeping track at home, I am on shots six, seven, eight, and nine in my next drink. Four
more shots of- Son of a bitch, I need to catch up. I'm almost
down to five and six shots. I'm going to be getting seven and eight.
I have to take it easy. And I need to actually visit the potty, because,
you know- Dan is going to be here before too long with
my pants. Arkadyum. Arkadyum.
Arcanium42 made the funniest joke in the chatroom, Dark Likura.
Loki was not a part of the show when we first started.
That's right, I was a guest.
Loki has to wait for his third birthday.
He had to sit on the floor.
Loki was a guest host for 19 episodes, and then we were like,
well, what the fuck, we'll make him a host.
But I feel bad for Angel, because Angel's now been a guest for probably like 50 shows.
And she stopped showing up, though.
Yeah, where is she?
She wanted to come tonight, but because of my car break-in,
I couldn't provide her transportation after tonight's show.
She's listening, I'm sure.
Or she's getting an archive of the show.
But now DDR Angel's been sitting on the floor for like 50 episodes and now we're like,
oh, three's too many.
Sorry, DDR Angel.
She's a chronicle.
Oh, I'm a chronicle.
Yeah, she's our chronic guest.
The chronic, yo!
She's our chronic.
She's a blunt, yo.
I'm gonna go have more liquor.
Alright.
Um.
I get to pee first!
Should I open up the skype line or should I talk about the Akira Yomoka album?
Akira Yomoka.
Akira Yomoka.
Okuyomoka's getting his own album. It's coming out October 28th in Japan, so you won't be able to...
Okuyomoka, by the way, did the song since last break. Okuyomoka, famous for his DDR music, BeatMania music, as well as Silent Hill.
Hello. What else has he done? He did some music for Contra. Contra is Shattered Soldier, yeah.
Yeah, and what else has he done? Some Rumble Roses, maybe a little? Rumble Roses, a few songs from that.
He didn't do anything for Gradius 5, I don't think. Maybe.
Either way, Akira Yomoka is the fucking man. He's awesome. We love him. And he's hot, to boot.
So, he's got an album coming out October 28th, and there's going to be, I think, the interesting thing is that it's going to be twelve tracks, I think, but only like two of them are going to be Bamani songs?
Yeah, and they didn't say anything about Silent Hill songs, but of course Silent Hill already has their own soundtrack, so who cares, right?
But we have, let's see, two Bamani songs, six cover songs, which could be just about
anything.
I know what some of those...
Two brand new songs.
I know what some of those cover songs are.
You don't know for sure.
You think you might.
I suspect.
But I can't sing anything, of course.
But yeah, I mean, Kiriyama Moku is awesome, so whatever he's going to do is going to be
awesome.
Yes, that's right.
should be fun should be fun
and if you want more information on that Konamistyle.jp has a whole page
dedicated to the project
so it's pretty awesome so check it out I am really dizzy
let's see
oh good point from John Fields we can make Angel the intern since Zero doesn't
show up to the show anymore
well I thought, wasn't Magus our intern at one point? No he's the eternal freshman of
Orange Lounge I forgot
He's the keeper of the... what was it? Portuguese joke book?
That's right. He's the Portuguese joke book keeper.
Oh man. I am... so... dizzy.
I thought this was interesting, the story you posted earlier this week.
We'll probably talk about this more on the podcast, but the PlayStation 3?
Four hundred dollars to buy a PlayStation 3?
Is it going to do my dishes?
If not, fuck it.
Well, you do have to understand the Xbox 360 games are sixty bucks each.
Oh my, that is insane. That is insane.
I mean, D of A is pretty cool, or D of A, it's like a bank suddenly.
D or A, Dead or Alive, is pretty cool, but it's not $60 cool.
No, it's not. And this is what I've got from like, you know, basically looking at the release dates we have for the
I found my special though.
That's cute.
for the Xbox game. Actually, from what we've seen so far from what the
publishers are telling us, but they're going to release their games and those are the
launch games, of course.
The Xbox 360 is supposed to be coming out around
November 15th.
Around the 15th. You work for a distributor. Yes, I do. So you get the inside scoop on
when the
app's coming out. Yes, I do.
And so, yeah, it's going to be about $60 a game for the Xbox 360.
I can only assume that the PlayStation 3 stuff is going to be about the same price. If they wanted to be cute,
since it's 360, they release it on March 60th.
I don't think so.
That's not gonna happen.
No, they're gonna release it on November, like, 16th or 15th.
It's around there.
I mean, because obviously dates change for the games a lot, so it's, you know, it's up
in the air, but most of the publishers are saying that's gonna happen at that date.
In our chatroom, Baka is saying that the games on PS3 are gonna be $60, too.
Yeah, so, when we...
Well, what the fuck is up with that, $60 for a game?
I'm not going to spend $60 on a game.
It's $10 more than what they're charging right now, so...
Fuck that shit. I don't spend $50 on a game either.
I know, but you know what?
I spent $35 on Meteos, and that was like having to give up a finger.
Well, you know, most PlayStation 2 games are, like, $49.99.
No.
Not when I buy them.
I have Guinness now.
Well, you know, they are.
And they wonder why people try to pirate their games.
$50 for a game?
What about Katamari Damacy?
Great game, $20, sold zillions of copies.
of copy. $20. That should be a model for all games. Second game, though, is $29.99. I think
for you it's $10, so... But still, though, it's worth the extra $10. It's still not,
you know, $44. No, it's not. Not if they're putting out games like... I don't know. What's
a game that sucked on PlayStation? Um... Driver 3. Okay, Driver 3. Yeah, I'm gonna pay $60
for driver four
could you know i think the i would pay sixty bucks for final fantasy twelve
although that's why i was really in the driver series
sucked after you know the first
first game
the second game just sucked ass in third game was simple or it was so bad it was
funny
but um...
i don't know it's just you know they think they can justify that amount you
know for the next-gen consoles because
the graphics are better
Game companies, this is why people hack your shit, because you're charging too much for your damn games.
It probably costs more to actually make these games.
And part of the cost involved...
Let me finish my damn sentence, thank you.
Part of the cost involved with the creation of the games also has to do with, you know, fighting loss of profit.
They have to make
For company to be considered successful. They have to make a certain amount over production cost
Therefore if they are they're trying to accommodate for what they have already lost versus what they may stand to lose and do their prices accordingly
Therefore a $10 markup in price is not unreasonable nor is it unexpected
What other things could I buy for $60 all the liquor I bought tonight was $40
that's more fun than driver three
okay cuz basically games have been about fifty bucks since
even the super nintendo
that's been my i remember when my body was more street fighter was like a
seventy dollar game
yeah that's ridiculous i could get a gay cube i could get a game cube for
seventy dollars that's ridiculous for a street fighter being that expensive
but i remember most of my like you know super nintendo games being about you
know forty nine ninety nine so i mean
But it hasn't really changed that much since then.
Granted, you know... I paid $60 for Killer Instinct when it came out on the Super Nintendo.
That's bullshit.
That was a shitty port. This was ten years ago that I bought this damn game.
Yeah, with inflation and everything, that's like $80. Yeah, but seriously though,
$60 isn't that bad. I mean, when you consider it...
I mean,
the system being $400, yeah, that kind of sucks.
I would hope that this would be a little bit better than, you know, it's going to be playing
the next-gen, like, whatever the media is going to be, like, HD DVD or Blu-ray or whatever.
It's going to be playing that. So you've basically got, you know, next-gen players in that sense.
You've also got, and I don't understand this, you know, PlayStation 3 for some reason had,
like, three Ethernet ports on there. I don't know what the hell that's for, but I'm sure
they're going to use it for something. And, I don't know, I think, you know, $3.99 for
the system isn't that bad. People are going to be like, eh, it's kind of expensive, but
they're going to pay for it. But the revolution, though, they're saying is going to be cheaper,
much like how, you know, the DS was only $151, the PSP was, like, you know, $300, you know.
So, you know, people might, if they're really, you know, concerned about cost, they'll pay
for the, you know, the revolution versus the PS3 or the 360.
I want to read some comments from the chat room. Moreinsolventradio.com, click on chat.
I gotta go get more alcohol because I'm dizzy as hell, and if I drink some more, I might
pass out.
That'd be good.
Sacorina says, I could buy a lot of Kleenex for $60 and could have more fun than Driver
3.
I agree.
I could buy toilet paper and make a mess of somebody's lawn, and that would be more fun
than Driver 3.
I grabbed my booze instead of my microphone.
What's wrong with this picture?
That's good.
I could wipe my ass and have more fun than drive for three weeks.
Arkadian42, now DarkSagre, you're the resident Sega whore, our resident Sega man whore in
the chat room, actually I think there's two of them because I think John Fields is a big
Sega man whore too, but the other one that I know of, this local Arkadian42, huge Sega
man whore, says that Phantasy Star IV was $100 when it first came out.
Is that true?
For real?
I think so.
I did it in a genesis at the time.
That's crazy.
Final Fantasy II was $80, says John Fields.
I think that's right.
I think I remember paying like $70.
For why I didn't pay it, I begged my mommy, because I got straight A's.
You little nerdlet.
I got straight A's.
No, you want to hear about my junior high school experience and straight A's?
I got all A's.
My first semester of junior high school, I got all A's and a B and P.E.
But my parents never cared about P.E., so they always threw that out.
They didn't count that.
my mom would go, you got an A- in math? You know what I got? A D and a C because I didn't
give a fuck. My school bored me, and I would make A's on all of my tests, but get zeros
for homework because I wouldn't fucking do it. That was me too. I never did my homework.
I was a bad boy. That first semester junior high, I went all downhill from there. I just
started not doing homework and stuff and I slacked off and and look where I'm at
now kids I I'm on an internet radio station you want to be like me we're
fucking celebrities cuz we didn't do well in school baka wants to know how I
got a B and PE because my mom I could run a mile in like 14 minutes that's how
I got a B and PE my best friend in junior high and I used to walk the mile
every day. We would run until the teacher couldn't see us anymore, then we'd walk the
rest of it. It's awesome. One time, just to prove I could do it, I sprinted
a half mile just to prove I could do it. I would barf if I ever tried that. It'd be horrible.
I ran for it. I was so tired by the time I got there. But I beat everybody, damn it.
And now I can't run because I'm injured. I have to make an announcement here. I think
if the site's still up right now, because the site's been going like up and down. Oh,
never mind. Never mind. I'll talk about it later. It's down. Let's go to... Baka says
I'm in the chat room. Baka in our chat room says, and our chat room's over at www.orangeloungeradio.com.
Click on, what is it, chat? Baka says... I cannot believe that you were drunk off of
Baka says, I'm Asian. I get 3.6s and 4.0s. I want to hear from an Asian who gets shitty
grades. Seriously. I want to hear from somebody who defies the stereotype and gets like Cs
and Ds. Because that's a messed up stereotype that all Asians get like good grades. Surely
there's a flunky Asian out there somewhere and I want to hear from them. www.orangelantradio.com
click on interact with us. If you want to call us on the skype line. Our skype line
is open right now for business. Call us. Talk to us. We've been drinking a little bit.
Loki's taking way too long with his next drinks. Man. He's talking about puking. I'm hearing
him talking about puking too. Hey, somebody in our chat room disputing us there. It's
saying we're not celebrities, but we're close. We are two fucking celebrities. Don't we have
pages upon pages of international i have a hundred forty friends on my space
does not mean this will be no no that doesn't make you a big internet nerd
but what you guys in on a secret
speak secret
we don't really believe the celebrity
it's just a joke
okay
uh... what
what
i really have a fight
well he's talking about puking and and and and and and
I hope, I hope we get a call on the Skypline at some point.
Skypline! Fucking call us!
I don't want to do, uh...
Did you hear about Britney Spears?
Shut up, shut up.
She's still smoking and pregnant!
Loki, for those, uh, keeping drink tally at home, what are you on now?
I'm on 7 and 8.
We're getting a call.
7 and 8 and I'm very, very, very dizzy.
Let's go to the phone lines.
Hi, you're on Orange Lounge Radio.
Hey Sky, Siggy here.
Hi Siggy, how are you?
I'm doing fine, uh, happy birthday, O.L.R.
Thank you, appreciate it.
Rob is sounding especially gay today.
We're potty trained now, we're three years old and we're learning how to read.
I'm a big kid now.
What's on your mind, Siggy?
Have a drink with us, Siggy. Are you 21?
Well, I'm 25.
Good, have a drink with us, Siggy.
Well, I'd rather have sake, thank you.
Oh, okay.
I want some sake.
It's too expensive, I couldn't buy that.
I want sake, I'm only 30!
Sock you, lady. Alright, what's up, Ziggy? What's on your mind?
Oh, I got some, uh, an announcement, uh, regarding the magnitude of X12, Happy Sky.
I was gonna say, you have some news on Happy Sky, don't you? What's up with Happy Sky?
Uh, it's gonna, uh, in Japan it's gonna be released July 13th, which is gonna be nine days from now.
Ooh, that's soon. That's awesome. Are there any, like, new songs that are supposed to be in the final release?
Because you know how sometimes there's songs in the final release that weren't in the beta test?
Are they doing any of that?
They're already done with the location test, but there haven't been any new songs announced as of late.
That would be great if there was a couple more new ones, though.
Yeah.
And then some other news. I don't think this has been announced, but Konami has already made their own record label.
Really, huh?
Yeah, it's called a 573 Records.
That is the most awesome name ever.
I'm not surprised.
I have hiccups now.
Is that what's labeled the Kiriyama Oak album is going to come out on?
My hands know.
I'm not sure, but when I checked the website for 573 Records, there are mostly hip hop and R&B artists that have signed up for it.
What's the website?
Here it is. Let me link it on the chat room.
Okay, super. Thank you.
You know, all this talk about Japanese music has me thinking about, did you hear about those huge Live 8 concerts that were going on yesterday?
Yeah.
I'm glad I missed them.
you know who played at the jet the one in tokyo
uh... dreams come true
all that
that's great i think that's awesome sorry
i think that there are no one was and so i'm going to mention it on there's a
w w w dot one on the dot g p slash and and slash five seven three
awesome
you know there might be a part of a look at it right now reminds me i need to
purchase some of the new brand new uh...
diverse system stuff and uh... i've kept asking in their stupid bolt and board
system
whether or not they'll be able to ship this stuff to me because you know it's not listed
on the U.S. site but there are U.S.
sections always like under construction type stuff so I'm wondering
you know if I ask them you know to send this album that's not exactly on their
U.S. list yet. That music by the way here in the background is on their
website five seven for your records. Yeah if they'll be able to send me the new stuff because you know the first
nine was just being announced now
and Diverse Eight's out, and then there's Dear Taka and Dear Desire also.
So I need to get those as well, and
I don't know, and D7 I need to get as well, because I need to catch up with all their stuff,
and I love...
Oh my god, I gotta listen to the Trip Machine Dark Core version, and I love that.
573 Records is a UMA creative production. That just makes me think that...
UMA! UMA!
Remember in Max?
uh...
was that a new you know what i'm talking about right you let me let me
it
thank you
so my hands numb is that
a bad thing i don't know
i want to take a nap that's what i was thinking what the hell what else is on
your mind
well uh...
there's a yet you you really know about dance eighty six point four right
uh... is that what it is eighty six point four i thought it was like ninety
I don't know okay 86.4. It's 86.4. It's a, you know, they pronounce it as a dansu yaroyo
Or translated as a let's dance. Uh-huh, okay
I saw the news on DDR Freak and I was just like, you know, 86.4. Wasn't that that stupid game that was coming out. I
Remember like three panel dancing or yeah, yeah
Whatever. Yeah
Yeah, I heard about it, but
You know, if I'm going to do any type of, like, three-panel dancing or anything like that, it's going to be, like, from Dance FM or something like that, or whatever that is.
I'm not Dance FM. Um, Neon FM. That's what I meant.
My brain feels numb.
I know. Um, Ziggy, we got other people calling in, so I'm going to let you go. Is there anything else you want to share with us?
That's all right.
Hello?
Nothing much else.
Okay.
Siggy, thanks for being a loyal fan of ours, but at least the past, at least, you've been listening what, at least a year now?
Yeah, over a year.
You know what you guys, here's something I gotta mention, and you know, I've been meaning to do this for a while.
Hold on, let me say goodbye to Siggy first, unless you're gonna say something to Siggy, is this to Siggy?
This is to everyone.
I got nothing much else to say, just happy 4th of July.
Thank you, have a good one Siggy, thanks for supporting us.
Don't buy the crappy fireworks, stay cool.
I don't like fireworks any of you, so yeah.
I AM NO SRAMMING CANDLES
Let's do that.
I would drink some more of my drinks.
I want to say hi to the caller.
Hi, you're on Orange Lounge Radio.
Hello, is this Sal's Pizza?
No, this is not Sal's Pizza.
Hey, Skye, it's John Fields.
Hi, John Fields, how are you?
I am...
What's on your mind?
Congratulations, I'm making it to three years.
a long time and then
you know memories i remember is uh...
you were here once
john you're here one for you
yeah i was last year round
this time actually tell tell our listeners what we're like in person
i'm always a bit you guys where let's see you were back at the
at that apartment building i believe right yeah
the paper and
at that point i don't think the machine had been started on by by looking at
i don't know i don't think you have been
uh... my job was there we have our layout in the old studio well you know
what i need to play some more final fantasy it's been like waiting
shush shush shush
i think that the ability to act
no doubt that you may speak
yes and i thought i was there
If so, you remember I actually stole Loki's library of songs and such.
I vaguely recall, yes.
Iron Man, didn't you take a tour of tech TV when you were out here and you were talking about how, like, awesome tech TV was, and then they got sold like the next day?
I did, and I was really upset when G4 brought him out.
Rob, get your fucking glasses over here.
Let the caller talk.
Sorry, Jamie's too busy thinking about drinking to be listing right now, but I am listing to you, John.
Tech TV got sold the next day and you were pissed.
It was more like a year, but yeah.
I was hoping to get a job there, but I guess not.
Did you say get a job with PETA?
No, it's G4.
Oh.
Actually, you know what's really funny? This brings up a good point.
This is a good segue, because somebody's chatting with me in private message right now.
John, I don't mean to interrupt you, but you'll like this too.
That's fine.
Okay, DeepThought42 in our chat room, who I think might be a new listener.
I don't recognize the name, but then again, I'm drunk, so I apologize.
And you're talking, you've got a speaker way too loud.
I'm sorry.
Um, DeepThought42 was saying that on Attack of the Show, I guess they're looking for co-hosts
Really?
Right now, and he sent them an email saying that we should do it.
So I think the rest of you guys should send them an email.
Oh my god, that'd be awesome.
If you want to know where to send that email, ask DeepThought42, because he knows.
And send them an email saying that we should host.
Although seriously, like, what if he sent that email last week and now they're listening
tonight and we're all just fucked up out of our minds?
They would totally are in.
No, no, no, no, no, no.
This is our opportunity that we can prove that we fit in in Hollywood because we can
perform drunk or on drugs.
Dude, I am like-
No, we don't do drugs.
I don't do drugs.
I don't do drugs.
Drugs are not cool.
I do Vicodin.
But I'm not a prescription for Vicodin.
I don't do drugs because I have- I can't swallow pills and I have a phobia with needles.
So the drugs are out of the picture, but alcohol is perfectly fine.
Alright, awesome.
So anyway, I'm sorry John, what was your, why did you call in anyway?
What's on your mind?
Before we...
Well I've got two things.
Okay.
First I'd like to reflect on one of my favorite memories, and that was actually when Karaoke
Revolution...
Oh God!
No!
Karaoke was singing, what was it, It's the End of the World, and then also I'm Staying
In or whatever it was.
That show was awesome.
It was I'm Seeing In and it was, what was the other one, I want to say it was Complicated
or something.
Yeah, it was awesome.
It was, there's another one that Nellie was talking about yesterday.
It was, oh god, I don't remember the song, never mind, I'm not even going to remember
it.
There was another song that she was saying that she was being in Karaoke Revolution and
it was funny but, never mind, I can't remember it so, I'm not going to, yeah.
That was one of my favorite shows, too, because any time Loki makes an ass out of himself is a good show to me.
Well, you know, Karaoke Revolution Party Edition is going to be coming out in, I think, September.
We are all over that shit, too, in September.
No, no, not September. I'm sorry. It would be November. Actually, the same day, I think, Ultra Mix 3 is coming out.
It will be November, I want to say, 23rd or something like that.
That's going to be when Karaoke Revolution Party Edition is going to be coming out for all three systems.
That's scary.
Okay, so I'm trying to find a clip of that episode where he's singing, but I'm
so drunk I can't navigate my computer right now.
So I'll keep looking on it. I'll find one on my computer. I think I got one.
That'd be awesome. It feels like someone was shot and Nova came straight into my brain.
Somebody had it uploaded somewhere, so we gotta find that somewhere.
I only have... the only
Loki sound clip I have is somewhere else. I can't even...
God, this is horrible.
Okay, what's your other thing you wanted to call about, John?
Well, I need to make an announcement, actually. As you all know, I am a huge
fantasy star online whore, and after all the success that Red vs. Blue has had,
I have decided to start my own machinima
based on fantasy star online. So you're going to do, like, a fantasy star version of Red vs. Blue?
You have to play PSO on P... Rob, turn the speaker down. I'm sorry. That's the only way I can hear the Skype.
Well, you need to...
Here, it's down.
It's down.
You need to play PSO with me.
Okay, now I can hear.
Johnny there?
Yeah, I am.
Oh.
Basically, it's really in the early production stages, but I've worked out how I'm going
to make the camera work, and at this point, I'm actually trying to figure out how to get
the characters that aren't androids to actually move their mouths.
And I found someone that managed to do that, but he got a little scared after he saw how
much work there was.
But I'm going to post him what he showed me in the chat room as well.
So if anybody wants to sign on and help make this a reality, I'm asking for any help I
can get at this point.
John, more power to you.
Red vs. Blue is hilarious, and PSO is a great game.
So any luck that you have with this, I think it would be awesome.
So plug away in our chat room, and chatters, help John out, because this is a good project.
Definitely.
I wanted to participate in this, because I think that being the diva I am, I must be
involved.
Well, and also, I mean, especially, I mean, look at Red vs. Blue, they're basically now
a spokesperson for like Halo and stuff, I mean, that's awesome, and you've-
John, you could be the Sega spokesperson, would that just not make you a happy little
fanboy or what?
Well, I applied to be a GM last year, but that didn't work out.
Oh my god.
That's as close as I'm gonna get.
You know what? I actually have a business card, or at least I had a business card, for a guy that was the Halo, or not the Halo, the 188, so drunk.
Anyways, no, no, the Sega guy that was the, um, I want to say the production manager there at Sega that they won, um, I met them at, um, what was it, one of these, um, like film festivals or whatnot, and they were talking about video games and whatnot, and they were there.
But actually, the guy at Sega, he gave me his card and whatnot to contact him.
I was supposed to have a meeting with him about some idea I had for some game, but then after a while I thought,
nah, it's not going to be a good game idea, so I didn't end up calling him back.
Let's see if I can find that card somewhere.
Alright, and I've actually spoken with one of the GMs already about this project, and he's really interested,
so hopefully I'll get the support of Sega behind me as well on this one.
Good John make it happen. You've got our support. We'll plug it on the podcast or something. All right. All right
Thank you. Have a good one John. Thanks for calling in
Okay, and once again happy third answer. Thank you. And thanks for supporting us over the past couple years. We appreciate it
Okay, have a super day
Later hold on. I have that Loki sound clip you guys
Stop. God. Damn. Ow my foot! Why did I shoot myself in my foot? Oh my god, it hurts so bad!
I need that for walking!
No! My foot! I need that for walking!
I just want to point out, somebody named Bamani K just joined our chat room, and I'm thinking if you gave your computer to your sister...
She's not joining the chat room. She doesn't even know. She's on dial-up. Come on now.
now. Somebody named Bamani K just joined the chatroom and says, hi, Loki, we love you.
It's not her, trust me. No, I said, is that Loki's sister? And they said, yup, and family
is listening. She is not, it is not her, trust me. My family, first off, no, it's not even
her. You are so screwed if that person's telling you. It is not her! They're telling me yes
No, it's not my sister. First off, okay, first off, she's on dial-up, okay? That's for one.
You could join a chairroom in dial-up.
And first, and second, okay, um, she doesn't know how to use the damn IRC anyway.
What if she, what if she learned?
She doesn't know how to use the internet? Come on now!
Okay.
She uses Juno to connect to the goddamn internet, okay?
But, Monty Cade, you've gotta, you've gotta say something that only Loki would know, and then I'm gonna
I can't even read the chat room right now.
I'm gonna pee my pants laughing. I will say it on air.
I am so drunk, I can't even see the chat room.
It's just like a bunch of blur.
I need to finish my drink and get another one.
Your whole family is listening to you.
They are not listening to me right now.
You might want to cut it off.
They are not listening to me right now.
They have better things to be...
They've been watching like, you know, some movie or something.
They're not listening to my god damn show.
I can't even... Okay.
Where is the money?
He goes to the mom, Gma, Gpa, and sis listening.
Oh god, I'm gonna cry.
Well, you know what, that could be them because my grandma and grandpa are at my mom's house.
You are so screwed.
Well, if that's the case, hello family, I am drinking right now and I am-
I'm being responsible, he has a designated driver here.
I have a designated driver, and I am quite...
This is all a ratings stunt.
Hey, DarkSocker, get this, Loki's family is listening right now.
Designated driver three?
Sit down.
Anyway, we have somebody on the phone.
Run, Sean!
Oh, Bamani Kate says, how's, how's Tutor Train?
This is my favorite show ever.
Is Tutor Train a reference?
Tutor Train? What the fuck is that?
Run, Sean, don't lie, Sean.
Your grandparents are listening, don't say that word!
I can't read this stuff, it's too small!
It's supposed to be shut up.
Okay, I will kill our car.
Hi Collar, you're on the air. You're on Norin-san's radio.
Hey, what's up?
Yes Ook-chan, what is it?
Norin-san!
You are tore up, aren't you?
No.
Liar.
Yeah.
Hey, how are you guys?
I'm like so full I feel like I am full of food because I just ate like you know two
meals and I've had about three or four drinks right now.
Wait, no four drinks.
I think.
Um, Loki one um, ahachi no nomi was.
Okay.
Wait wait wait, Loki.
Tutor train is the one you use to push in your power suit.
Oh my god.
this is
loki's screwed
loki noka zouko ga mochi noka
they have to pick the drunk show voices too
and i have no idea why liquor is making me speak in japanese
so i'm gonna go get more
oh my god
that's on your mind
hey i just wanted to talk about the upcoming doa movie real quick
oh i'm sorry what's that
when are you gonna come cross play with me
um soon as i get enough money to come out there
out there
okay let rama talk about the dead or alive movie what's up
you need to cosplay munchies for me so i can cosplay rin
i'll think about it okay
okay um
okay on the podcast hold on hold on i can hear
loki ran outside to go tell to go
loki walked outside to tell nelly something in the living room because
nelly's the designated driver tonight and i can hear nelly laughing all the
way back here
I'm gonna go get more liquor and I'll be right back.
Ramo, what's on your mind?
Not much. Um, I want to talk about the DOA movie.
Yes, the DOA movie. What's up?
The guy that's playing Ryu Hayabusa, Ken Kosugi. Do you know who his father is?
Oh, I'm sorry, what?
Do you know who his father is?
No, who?
Sho Kosugi. He did all those ninja movies from the 80s, and he also helped put together Ten-
Wait, you cut out there, he also helped put together what?
He did the choreography for Tenchu, Step Assassins.
Awesome.
Yeah, I just posted a link about that, so...
This guy plays on everything, so you know what?
They got the perfect person to play on Ryu, that's all.
That sounds awesome to me.
I'm looking forward to the Dead or Alive movie, even though I'm not a huge fan of the games,
I just I I'm really hoping they don't screw one of those movies up
Same here last I heard about the movie which was back in 2000 2001 William Shatner was supposed to be a part of it
Heck no, heck. No, I'm glad that didn't happen
You ain't the only one
Right on what else is on your mind Rama? Oh
Not much. I just went to a convention couple weeks back. You know, we have fun got drunk orgy, you know the normal chaos hot
I'm not.
We have Matt's parents listening. Please don't say those types of things on air. That's not
good.
Like orgy?
Yeah, don't say that word. That's a dirty word.
So I can't say orgy anymore?
No, you can't. It's banned tonight.
So orgy's a banned word?
I don't know if Loki's going to come back on air. I think he's too embarrassed. I think...
Oh, here he comes.
And I'm John.
Yes.
They are actually listening.
Oh, my purse is ringing.
yes yes i think that they wanted to know where you went
uh...
you know they are actually listening to the show
probably
that i have not been done the federal family laughing out of it
just think of this
because this is a
uh... a right of passage this is something that every young man must go
through
when your mom finds out that you're a drunk on the internet
i want a copy of this show
we'll figure something out
please do
alright rama anything else on your mind cause we gotta go and make fun of loki
what?
have a couple of drinks for me okay at least
have one for me i'm on number nine and i've gotta go to the potty so bad
it's not even fun give us a drink count
I'm on 9, Loki's on, he's got a full glass on. Is that 7 and 8?
I think that's like 9 and 10.
He's got another double shot, whatever that is, and DarkSakura, what drink number are you on, for those keeping count at home?
Six. She's putting up six fingers.
I can't believe that my family is listening to this, this is crazy.
Well, the six is counting actual number of drinks,
not counting shots.
Why are people listening to me? I mean, that's so crazy.
Rama, we gotta go. Because you are fucking hilarious. I know I am.
Bye-bye.
No, no, Ron-chan can't go. I already hung up on him, I'm sorry. Ron-chan has to come back.
Well, what do you want to tell him? He's listening.
Nothing.
Alright, so about those, you know, dancing games.
Ah, who fucking plays those anymore?
I can't believe my grandparents are listening to this crazy...
I'm sorry, I'm sorry to, for Matt's grandparents, I'm normally much left without help.
I know, we are all, I have to go over to their, to my mom's house tomorrow to actually, like, you know, do Fourth of July stuff.
We're outstanding.
We're actually outstanding citizens of the community, and we do charity work and all that, don't we?
No.
I did charity work.
Okay, you can turn the speaker down now.
Okay, sorry.
All I gotta say right now is, for some reason, my hand is numb and I don't know why that is, my lips are numb.
And I have a full drink here, so I've got to finish that, and I don't know.
I mixed Loki a super yummy drink.
Thank God I have a designated driver.
Yes, again boys and girls, if you are going to drink, have a designated driver.
We were model citizens and we planned designated drivers.
No, no, no, no, you were wrong, Chet. You were wrong, DT.
Because I have had six actual drinks.
I've had one, two beers.
I have had 10 shots, including my beers.
That's great. I get to go face my family tomorrow.
That's awesome.
So fix it! Fix it now!
What did you put in here? Did you just put two shots? Because it tastes sort of like...
I mixed two oranges. I mixed a half shot of the pineapple rum and two shots of vodka.
tastes like the pineapple in there. I was trying to make you a more tropical drink.
Okay whatever. I want to try a sip of it though. Give me. Alright here you go. Oh man. Now
that you're not spilling it all over the damn kitchen. I'm not spilling anything okay. It's
actually pretty good. You did too freaking spill it all over the damn kitchen. Yeah but.
Cause poor Exifer was down there with a towel on his hands and knees scrubbing up after
your freaking sloshy liquor ass.
Listen, I brought the towel with me, okay? I brought the paper towel with me.
You brought one with you. Okay, okay. No, no, no. Fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck that.
You had the towel with you in here.
You were spilling freakin' orange juice all over the goddamn floor. And if
orange juice left unchecked, tends to mutate
and collect dust bunnies, which turn into a huge fucking mess.
Okie dokie. So you, sir,
Spilled the orange juice on the floor, and it's not for the valiant-
Can we move on?
No, no, no, no, I am not done.
It's not for the valiant efforts of your roommate, Rob.
Extover?
Yes.
There would be, you would be stepping in quagmire every time you entered the kitchen.
Something along the lines of my ex apartment.
Quagmire.
Can we, can we please?
Hey, we should go...
What?
Green Pong!
Your sister says, uh, have fun, Orange Lounge, be safe, bye, your family, see you on the
4th.
Why are they listening to this show?
Shame on them!
So they have something to put in the Christmas card.
I guess, but I'm surprised that they were able to connect to this show.
Look at it this way, Loki's family, out there, listening.
There are many, many worse things that Loki could be doing right now.
He doesn't do drugs.
He's a drug-free American citizen.
I only drink on week two weekends.
He provides a service to the youth of America.
He teaches them to stay in school.
Right.
You have to be the one to end up like me.
Alright.
Um, I've really got to go to the bathroom.
So we're going to go to a cage match.
Okay, we're going to go to a cage match and then we'll come back and we'll take more
snacks.
last week's program and i'm going to have a lot of
i didn't win when we're getting one more call i think this is from a new
listeners so that i take this call
okay to me like it when new people call it so i think i picked it up
higher on our front radio
all your very very quiet on their deep top where he is there any way to talk to
your microphone or
uh... called on
okay
what should i hold on a little bit talk again
hold on a second
okay he's very very quiet boys and girls we're sorry
it's always the quiet ones we can watch out for we could barely hear you my
friend
hello
i think he might have turned off the
no just give him a moment to adjust
see i can hear you just as loud as i can hear him
Oh, that's right. We'll give you a tip in the chatroom, and then why don't you call us back after the cage match, alright?
Alright, thanks.
Alright, later.
Later.
I can hear myself on there. That's kind of weird. He's very quiet.
He's got a very low dela-
Microphone again!
Sorry, I'm trying to get down.
You gave me a freakin' headache.
Wow.
He's got a very small delay, though.
Yeah, he must have a fast-
He has to be near to us.
He must have a fast internet connection, so.
Everything's spinning. That's...fun.
You know what, you're fucked up, and I'm like not even half there, so whatever.
Nah, it's okay. I still have to finish my drink.
Because I need to save room in my liquor tolerance for the club tonight, so I can get my hoe on.
I think this is the most drunkness I've been, you know, because honestly when I was at my San Diego-
I'm already sobering up, so it doesn't even matter.
Well, at my San Diego event, you know, I thought I was pretty drunk, but this is pretty bad,
pretty bad cuz I mean like I actually feel like I'm gonna like fall over and
just pass out or something but you know I'm we really need to go to a cage match
kids cuz I've got to pee right here in the studio I brought my zip drive here
we go let's talk nice get it doo doo doo doo doo doo doo doo doo doo doo doo doo
there it is the way the way the case three songs we're gonna play through
You get to vote for your favorite, and the winning song goes into rotation all week long
on Orange Lounge Radio Live, the Londie Music and War Program, which plays 24 hours a day,
7 days a week.
So basically, we're going to play three songs to vote for your favorite, that's how it works.
It's totally you guys, you guys get control, and I know we have new listeners tonight.
Only votes for Loki count.
No, don't tell them that.
Alright, so you only get to hear a clip of the song that won from last week because you
already heard it last week even though I know we have new listeners tonight
thanks to the great Apple we're only playing a clip and I'm so God look you
are so freaky drunk right now it's not even funny I'm no no no no no he's not I
have to make him the mother of all dreams remember you cannot vote until
all three songs to play in their entire Christopher's death because it's
probably getting messed up from me but here we go keep it clean song number one
It's last week's winner dark or two weeks ago really because we didn't have a show
Dark Sakura picked tell the funky homo sapien with dr. Bombay
It's cuz this one's fucking awesome. So see if you like it. Here's a clip song number one
one you can vote for tonight, Del the funky homo sapien, Dr. Bombay.
Just turn on me, you don't stop me, you don't play
Every time I try to get to me, it's always running away
Just turn on me, don't you buy diamonds, don't you stay
I'm just once guaranteed to make my day
Large as a black woman's duty it's back
And the question everybody is asking is
A brother named George, it's a 150 month old
So let's take it to the stage, you suckers
I jam, and Mr. Darlene is too much
Back in the house looking too holly whimsy
Now you know everything is terrific
Punk in the 1990s, that's ironic
So grab you a sack of that chronic
Down with the links, mind straight from the ghetto
But I'm under the sun in the meadow
Me and this Amazon sittin' on my lap
She bust so big when she walk in clackin'
Doin' the hoochie coochie and the four shawls
Know who I am, so girl sing the chorus
Watch and watch, cause if your spouse calls, your sales gonna jam so it'll make your house
call.
Your peeps on my jaws, on your mitts I'm a dog, so you might peep off.
Wait, it ain't foolin' jock, cause you're real far from a ballerina, so.
Mr. Diamantina, freeze, and get up off your knees.
I like clubmen hangin' out with the men, and girl, if you ain't got a germ, I won't hesitate
to pull out my funky rhymes.
But if you ain't down for jump on, cancel your appointment and please get the hell on,
cause I won't have one lit rose under my nose.
If you want eighty pieces of clothes, get out my way so I can save the day, cause I'm
Cause I'm Dr. Rob
I don't even know if I flushed, I was so drunk, no I did, I did kiss, I'm sanitary.
Alright, um, so it's Delta Funky Homosapien with Dr. Bombay.
Uh, so see if you like that one.
Here's song number two. Song number two tonight is my pick.
And you might remember last week we announced, or no, two weeks ago,
maybe it was three, I don't even know at this point,
we announced a brand new song for DDR UltraMix 3.
I'm sorry, we played a new song.
It was previously announced on, on DDR Freak Forum.
So we played it for the first time.
It was a band called The Azoic.
And I've been a fan of The Azoic for several months now,
before they were ever announced for UltraMix 3. What?
your eyes are wide you look like freaking frodo it's awesome um so i i wanted to play another
all right um so i wanted to play an azoic song for you guys because it's kind of gothic i like it i
like this band it's so too gothic it's gothic and we're going to the gothic club tonight i
gotta find something to wear though so anyway here it is i shall wear this all right here we go
You tried to get to me, crawled inside of me, but now I'm purging out the pain to stay
free.
Purging out the pain to stay free
Don't you believe they died?
Sweet sanctity taking
What's left of me, how condescending
I thought you should know that I, except I throw it in, now I'm leaving, don't you know?
I'm, I'm losing you and I, I feel free and you, can't take my strength away, no way
And then the city's gonna be full inside of me
But now I'm cruising in the thing you say
And the truth is, from this day to day night
Sweet things that you've been thinking
Are left to me condescending
Do you think you can get to me?
Let me tell you something
I won't be pushed around, no
If my life aren't fair enough to give up that easy, you better not break me down
You're here for the future and there's no holding back
My hopes and dreams are set for perfect light
I miss you from your birth, they're very sweet for you
But you know that I've been my source of time
You'll take this very home and you will feel it all
How you bring all the strength within me
So you think you can get to me
Then let me tell you something
And I won't be pushed around, no
If my life are fair enough
To give up that easy
Can I break me down?
Take my feet
Song number two, the Azoic. Let me tell you something. And let me tell you, I don't know if these two heard much of that song, but they'll give it a rating anyway. Dark Sakura.
It's the same fucking stuff you always pick.
I don't, I think you're wrong. I think it's different.
Cindy Boyce, Cindy Boyce, and Tramp. Over generic beats, Tramp.
I think if you put that side by side with my previous picks, the song's very different.
especially okay and i give it a seven
loki
she's wanted to make fun of me
i'll give it a
nine because
i wasn't here to listen to it but it sounds great
this is the drunkest i've ever seen loki
i'm gonna make him drunk
i could have played britney spears and i would have got a nine
i didn't even know what the hell you played
it's gonna get a nine though
it's the azoic let me tell you something
azoic is good i was listening to the different drum stuff
earlier today when I was trying to find something to play
but um...
Azoic is good
so I'll give you a nine, cause Azoic rocks
and I give that song a leaveny billion
because the song is awesome
I second that, a leaveny billion is good
a leaveny billion for the Azoic
a leaveny billion
honestly, Azoic needs more stuff, there's actually, there's another group that I need
um... music from, but they only had
one million samplers on their site and it begins with an E, but I can't remember the goddamn name of the...
stupid band
emo
no it's not emo it's uh...
something else who cares
song number three your pick what'd you pick for us loki
something from every little thing
is from elt trance
i can't remember what they got here it's called feel my heart the moog wye remix
yeah feel my heart moog wye remix and it was just kind of cool sounding from what i had
I had another ELT trance song that was kind of rock sounding but it wasn't good enough
so I picked this one and honestly right now I am in no condition to say how good the song
was but I think it was pretty good so take a listen and enjoy.
I might throw up, this isn't good. Alright here we go, song number three every little thing.
Oh
You
Song number 3 in tonight's cage match, Every Little Thing, Feel My Heart, the Mugwai remix.
Let's see what our people in the room thought about Every Little Thing, Feel My Heart.
Dark Sakura, Every Little Thing.
Two.
Why is that?
Because it sucks.
Alright.
Tuka's it sucks.
Loki.
I give it a, um, I don't know, a five? I don't really know because I wasn't listening to it because I was drunk.
Um, the parts I heard sound neat, but you guys are giving it really low scores. I would have given it a low score.
It was a pretty good song.
You know, I'll add it together.
I liked it when I originally picked it out when I was sober, and it was good, okay? That was pretty good.
The original song I had picked out wasn't quite as good, so I'll give it an 8.
But, um, right now, you could play it like, you know, a cat in heat, you know, a sound effect of that, and I would probably give it a 10.
Right.
Cause I'm just so gone.
Well, I'll combine 2 plus 5 and give it a 7, cause I kinda don't like this. It's okay.
Alright, let's listen to three songs you can vote for tonight.
Uh, here it is. Song number one you can vote for tonight.
Del the Funky Homosapien.
We played three songs already?
Yeah, it's already done.
Del the Funky Homosapien, Dr. Bombay.
Every time I hear that song, I can't help but think,
check and turn, and send it to the ladder.
Here it is, song number two tonight.
Ezoic, let me tell you something.
And song number three you can vote for tonight, Every Little Thing,
Feel My Heart, the Moog Wire remix.
I hope they're not gonna get me out of here tonight.
Place vote now. Send a private message to Sky in the chat room with your vote
And we'll tally them up, and hopefully I can keep count tonight.
Um, we'll tally them up. Please don't post a vote publicly, because I don't see those as easily, and then I don't, I don't, um, tabulate it.
And that's no fun at all, when I can't tabulate your vote.
So, how's it going there, Sky?
I'm, I'm feeling okay, I'm just, I'm a little...
I have no sense of balance right now, and I'm pretty drunk, I think.
Yeah, me too. I'm I'm pretty out of it. I I can't focus on you right now man cuz you're all over the place
And
Yeah, I think my family stopped listening. So that's good. It's probably a good that's probably a good thing
And I'm sure I'll get much crap for it tomorrow
But you know what? I don't care because I'm having a barbecue and it's free food and you know what?
That's all good. Oh
Oh, I am so dizzy right now.
I know, I honestly am at the point where I'm like, what do I do with the rest of the show?
Like, I could literally run into the wall and I wouldn't feel it because I'm so numb right now.
I was hugging the corner earlier, I don't know why, it just felt very comfortable.
My head rested very well in the corner, it was very interesting.
Yeah, I saw that, I saw that.
And people were saying, you know what, you're so drunk.
Honestly, folks, I am pretty drunk, but I am still pretty coherent. I just have no sense of balance whatsoever right now in most of my...
Well, we're getting feedback, but we're going to try and take this call. Hi, you're on Orange House Radio.
Sorry about that. Sorry about that. Can you hear me now?
Yes.
It's DeepFell42. Sorry about that earlier.
That's all right. What's on your mind? We're hearing a bad echo, so I'm just going to give you a minute to put out your thoughts.
That was because I forgot to turn my iTunes volume down, so that was the main reason of that.
What's on your mind?
No, I just wanted to let you guys know that if you go to KevinPereira.com, I wanted to let you know how to vote for you guys for Attack of the Show.
Awesome.
You go to KevinPereira.com.
He has a private webcast called Attack of the Webcast, I'm sorry, Attack of the Podcast,
the ingenious, clever man that he is, naming it that.
So if you go on, and that's where I heard about it, if you guys go on to AttackOfTheShow.com,
if you go on to their comment section, you can fill out, you know, comments and how to
improve the show and just tell them
i just told them that you know these guys have this great you know
radio show in podcast every week and their funny as hell and you know they
really you know they really care about what they're doing and i gave you
them your uh...
your i'd be addressed for your podcast and uh... all that stuff so
well thank you so much i just hope the hell they're not looking right
proves that you guys would be ten times better than that
pieces of shit that they have on there now. I really appreciate it.
So grateful.
So, I mean, just, I mean,
so everybody go to uh...
uh... well first of all if you want to go to Kevin Pereira's Self Indulgic
Crap, just go on to uh... I think his podcast is registered with iTunes as well.
It's called Attack of the Podcast and uh...
you guys would
you guys just would be so awesome what ever since it went to attack the show
it's been crap
so we're listening to you know if you don't like that recently and he was
modeling for a few
after that
well where's the webcam for that i was uh... was just here i don't know if i
had a copycat a screenshot of the nation uh...
uh... we're getting really bad and only but i don't know if you go to thank you
so much for your support and i don't know what it is well that's all right
Take care, take care, good luck.
Alright.
Alright, take care, take care, have a good one.
Have a good one.
You too.
Bye bye.
Alright, I'm calling this at the end of my drinking binge right here.
Thank you.
This drink is the last one, I'm drinking water from here on out man.
Thank you to our new listeners for trying to whore us out to G4, that's just funny.
Us on TV, hilarious, hilarious that would be.
Oh my god, if we picked us drunk on TV that would be great.
I really hope they are not listening tonight.
oh my god
i'm
is the right now everything's
is being
around and around it's just not even play and walk out there
might like
my limbs are now my hands are now my fear now
my lips are now made just walk out there it's like
coming around like a complete idiot
it's nine funny but
honestly folks
strale humans awesome game
play that game
we're gonna go to a break boys and girls
let's do the podcast! no we can't do the podcast yet the podcast is in another hour
okay fine
we're gonna go to a break and in this break we're gonna hear some guitar
freaks, strawmania stuff because i'm gonna eat the microphone
that's gonna be fun
jamie looked good in her skirt didn't she? where did she go?
She went to the bathroom, because she doesn't think she looks good, but she does.
Why? She looks incredible!
She does. She looks fine.
I'm sorry, I'm just like drunk, so I think everyone looks hot.
Where did you...
Jamie! Jamie! Where'd you go?
I think she's yelling at us, so we better go to break.
I think I need a drink.
No, you better not have any more drinks. Alright.
Why? Don't call me back.
Break time.
yes we'll be back after this break. We're going to tally up the Caged Mesh votes.
So hurry up, last call for Caged Mesh votes. Thank god there's no Carioc Revolution now.
I don't want to sing. Starting off with Stop Spinning Me in Circles. We'll be back.
I AM SPINNING MYSELF
You're playing roulette with my heart Stop spinning me in circles
Don't break my heart even though I could never live without you
I'm spinning me in circles You're playing moonlight with my heart
Stop spinning me in circles, don't make my heart you know I could never live without you
Stop spinning me in circles, don't stay and move them with my heart
I said, like, stop shooting me in circles
Don't make my heart beat, you know I just want to be with you
Arigatte no oku omoide tsui
Yureru egawa no wagukana tsuki
Shikakuri isakara
Turere no aa
I got my car all set to scramble I don't really know where I'm gonna go
Put down on pedal I got pedal to the metal
Roll down the highway just like a fire ball
Time rockin' steel, don't stop the fire wall burnin' out of control
Get those nanos on the sidewalk with the sky like rock and roll
Get hot
Kick it in my dress with your nuclear fishes made of a rose
I need a guy to feed a fly ball for an hour to go
My head is still feeling very wet, but daddy's getting on a roll
Feet in the air, just feeling smart, I'll bring you out as we go
I'm gonna getcha!
It's great man!
Don't you know, don't you know, I've been waiting for you
Don't you know, baby, you should show them right on time
Can't you see, can't you see, I've been waiting for you
Can't you see, baby, you should smile and write all the time
And I was younger, I wasn't free
All I wanted was attention
Party after party, beauty and money
We were so desperate for perfection
But you have made me feel so good
I've always been closer to you
I close my eyes in your arms
Life is simple again
With you, don't you know, don't you know
I've been waiting for you, don't you know
Baby, you're just gonna fly on by
Can't you see, can't you see
I've been waiting for you, can't you see
And baby you can smile and cry all the time
Don't you know, don't you know
I've been waiting for you
Don't you know baby you should show your pride
And time, can't you see, can't you see
I've been waiting for you
can't you see, baby you should smile and cry
All the time
Last week on Orange Lounge Radio
Next week on the show, we're going to have our very first special guest.
We're actually having over Melody and Mel B, and they're going to be our guests on the show,
and I get to clean house all week to be ready for them.
Oh God, I have to move everything out and deliver them,
because this room's crap as it is when we do the show here, so...
I have to say so, and they're quite trusty and moist.
Are you feeling a little moist tonight, Jamie?
Oh, every night on the show, as Irene makes his face.
Orange Lounge Radio makes a moistest snack.
Join us every Sunday night from 7 p.m. until 9 p.m. Pacific Standard Time for the Orange
Lounge, with your hosts, Dark Sakura and Sky, where we'll talk about all things Bomani and
then some.
In the meantime, enjoy our Bomani Music and More program.
another flashback there an old episode I don't know it's like episode five or
something I don't know it's old it's hecka old we're back here on orange
lounge radio and been doing a little bit of drinking and I I'm cut off now and I
think Loki is is stuck with water now and dark Sakura I would love the chat
room forever if they tell me how to take those damn ink tags off my clothes
that's a bunch of crap I can hot topic fucked up I can never figure out how you
you were able to get out of Hot Topic with the tag on, because wouldn't it have beep-beep-beeped?
Should have, logically.
But you know what?
But now you know how to steal clothes.
And maybe you should, just to teach them a lesson.
No.
Alright.
Um.
Dark soccer.
This is magnetic.
Dark soccer is sounding a little angsty to me, so I think we need to get in the FUs of
the week.
However, I do want to announce tonight's cage match winner, but we didn't have a lot of
votes in tonight's cage match, which makes me a sad panda.
Doesn't that make you sad a little bit?
But we do have a winner nonetheless because even if there's one vote, one vote is enough
to declare the cage match.
So here is tonight's cage match wiener.
The wiener is the Azoic.
Let me tell you something, by one vote, one vote for the Azoic wins tonight's cage match.
Good job boys and girls.
All right.
Dark Soccer, I think you're wanting to get your angst on, aren't you?
Please.
Alright.
Hold on, I'm having a hard time locating the F.U. music right now.
You're still this song?
Yeah, you're this song.
Okay.
Dark Soccer, why is it we do the F.U.s every single week?
Because Hot Topic sucks.
So now I have to find something to wrap the ink tag in while I cut the wire, that's all.
That's it?
That's it.
Okay.
Hold on, I gotta find Loki's music here. Here it is!
Loki, your turn!
Chat room, you can send in your refuse right now if you want.
Loki, here you go, your turn.
The only thing I'm really mad about is how drunk I am,
because I felt like I was going to throw up something in the bathroom,
the bathroom but I didn't thank God I'm not that drunk yet so just F you to how
drunk I am and fuck you to destroy all home it's been such a short game and
that's it all right continue with whoever else you can cut in the bathtub
just in case okay i'm fine just very dizzy are you okay are you gonna pass out no i'm fine
i felt like i was gonna throw up earlier but i didn't so i was good you know angsty i'm very
I'm very drunk. I don't have the energy to be angsty. So, it's good.
I can't find my song. That's why I'm stalling. Are you sure you don't have anything else?
yeah I'm pretty sure the other thing I have is why the hell did my family
decide to listen to this show now when I'm drunk instead of like normally when
I'm doing a normal show I don't understand that kind of stuff but
whatever you know they know I'm drunk and I know they know I'm not only drunk
I am so...
I am way wasted right now.
I am so dizzy it's not even funny.
Monomena.
Monomena.
Any luck?
I can't even see you people because you're so damn drunk.
kostjamrh The chat room is noticing how slow your speech got all of a sudden. How many drinks did you have again?
p0k3smot42o I think it's empty
p0k3smot42o Oh my god, my turn
Um, I'm giving you an F.U. to the motherfucker who broke into my car for the second time
nonetheless.
Fool me once, shame on you, fool me twice, shame on me, I hate you.
Why did you have to do that to me?
I am a nice guy, a nice guy should not have the car broken into and just F.U. to the fact
I didn't have a car alarm but I shouldn't have to get an alarm because people should
the common fucking decency not to break into your shit. I hope you enjoy the stereo, I
hope it blows up on you, and I hope you get gonorrhea and die of SARS, because you're
just an asshole who steals things from people, who steal things that aren't yours. And now
I'm gonna have to rent a garage because of you, and that's $70 a month I'm out of the
money, because you can't keep your hands off my shit. Keep your hands off my shit, you
shit-eater and yeah an F you to that all right let's go to the chat room at use
dark knight says my F you is going to be for my job to have me work on the fourth
bitches dark knight says if it's a certain tag all you need to do is pinch
one of the tags so get like a pair of pliers okay the way that this one is
it's got the clear tag with the blue ink and the yellow ink you can see through
the tag the other side has a long part that's attached to a more cylindrical
looking part with a domed end you can see a thin wire connecting the two what
I am concerned about is that without having anything to wrap it in if I cut
the wire because it is magnetically charged at the point it senses the magnetic
destruction it will explode the ink. I have nothing to wrap it in. So yeah, find me a way around that.
Illusion says F you to Loki in his slurred speech.
uh where else are we uh chimera says f you just swimming at chimera says f you just i'm
drunk f you just swimming at six in the goddamn morning you okay loki you okay loki just fell
on the floor. Is he okay? Should I just leave him? Alright.
Iguana Girl says my F U is too emotion and I don't think this is the song either. I've
had a horribly emotional week. Finally got my cry on this afternoon so I'm feeling better
but yeah. Fuck you to everything hitting you all at once to where you feel piled on top
of with drama.
Ron Chan says F you to New York State you fucker owe me an unemployment check
Dark Tetsuya says seconded on the F you to the bastards who broke into your car same thing happened to my mom some years ago
Illusion says F you to my target interviews sucking and me being pretty sure I didn't get the job
Vidpalette says, F you to homework over holiday weekends and F you to my DVD case being cracked
in the mail.
And DeepThought42 says, F you to the Hillary Clinton for saying that video games are to
blame for your kids' sociopathic behavior.
It's your fucking parents' fault!
Damn straight.
And that's it.
That's our chatters F yous.
I can entertain people, I'm sober.
Nellie, what do you want to do to entertain our listeners?
I don't know.
Let's hear some Mets wisdom, Mets drunken wisdom.
Burp.
I'm so tired.
Oh, a deep thought.
42 had another one.
F you to my fucking computer for causing
that fucking echo on the air.
Amen.
Where did X Defer go?
Don't kick him in the butt when he's passed out.
I kick him in the butt all the time.
At least I didn't kick him in the balls.
I'm going to pass on the third.
Don't fall asleep.
I'm not falling asleep.
X.
I'm tired.
My stomach is fucking full.
I really don't know what to do with the show at this point.
Let's go to a break.
That's always a good thing to do when the show is going crazy.
My stomach is full of alcohol.
We're going to give Loki some time to cheer up.
DarkSakura, you said you wanted to hear something earlier.
What do you want to hear?
I forgot.
Well, anything off the top of your head?
Taku.
Taku.
Voltage by the one and only Taku.
How's that?
It works.
Alright.
Some 2DX done.
We'll do a 2DX break.
We'll be back after this with more Orange Lounge Radio.
Maybe some Ask Orange Lounge.
Whatever we can come up with.
We'll be back.
I wish that I was you
I wish that I was me
Red! Red! Blue! Wild!
Red! Red! Blue! Wild!
I am a young punk, yeah, a punk for the bad guys
I'm a young punk, yeah, all right, yeah
You've got to keep a heart of steel,
Call it who the fuck is the seal,
Call it who the fuck is the seal,
or die.
I can't lie, I'm the killer,
I am the sickest guy.
I can't lie, I'm the killer,
I am the sickest guy.
I've seen those videos of, like, the guys playing all the stuff one-handed.
It's got to be the most demoralizing bit of footage you could ever watch for 2DX.
For the people who don't know...
Those videos just scream, Americans suck at 2DX.
For the people who don't know what ketsujin means, it means Iron Man.
It's named that for a reason.
You know, those are some absolutely fantastic players.
It's like, is that trying to spin off on Iron Chef, like Iron 2DX?
I don't know, it's like, you know, like Tekken for 2DX.
You know, the king of iron fingering.
Whoa!
Never mind, I said another...
Remember that part about adult content?
Um, I was referring to this in a completely innocent manner, you pervert.
I think we know what our last week on Orange Lounge clip will be.
OK, you can bite me now.
Join us every Sunday night from 7 PM until 9 PM Pacific Standard Time
for the Orange Lounge with your hosts, Dark Sakura and Skye,
where we'll talk about all things Bomani and Densim.
In the meantime, enjoy our Bomani music and more program.
Another classic bite there.
Yes!
We just had an incident in the studio, so we needed to do one more song, guys, and we'll explain what's going on when we come back.
I gotta run and get something real quick. We'll explain what's going on when we come back.
How are you doing over there, DarkSakura?
I'm almost sober again.
You know my tolerance, and you know how fucking much it takes me.
What just happened surprisingly sobered me up, especially.
So we'll be back right after this.
I just sat here going, wow.
We'll be back right after this song from Xtreme USA with more Orange Lounge.
Love, yeah
I never felt a major change
But I swear
A thousand years and countless days
So give me a lay
So give me a little talk
My prayers are for love, love
Love, love, love
Some may be love
Love, love
Some may be love, love, love
Night 4
Night 5
Night 4
Night 8
Night 4
Night 9
Night 3
Night 5
Night 9
Night 5
Night 9
Night 10
Night 10
Night 11
Night 12
Night 13
Night 14
Night 15
Night 16
Night 17
Night 18
Night 19
Night 22
Night 20
Night 22
Night 23
Day 24
Night 25
Night sight
Simply being loved
Is more than enough
Simply being loved
Is more than enough
Simply being loved
Is more than enough
Alright, we're back here on Orange Lounge Radio
That was BT, Simply Being Loved
yeah so um gosh how do we explain this um basically what happened during the
last break there he puked yeah basically low-key parked on his pants he didn't
quite make it to the toilet he just kind of sat there oh and then suddenly he was
like I have an announcement bleh so we're not sure we there's one more spot
that needs to be wiped up too so I'm thinking the same the carpet I hope not
so he's he's being addressed by Nellie right now surprisingly that sobered me
up to have that happen I've been sitting here sober for the past 10 15 minutes
no we're not really sure I'm wearing my skirt with the tag tonight I think go
for it fucking be hot if it kills me you can't you can't even notice it super
fine all right so we don't really know what to do with the rest of the show
here because Loki's kind of gone now I think really see he'll be out for a few
more minutes at least we saw the podcast we got to do after this I don't know
what we're gonna do the final drink count what is tonight's final drink out
how much did you have to drink dark Sakura ten shots I think I I finished
off with the nine because I had eight shots in Malibu and then a Guinness
which counts as one shot shots but he puked look yet how much 10 10 but he
I'm sober
If I had had one more shot
I probably would have puked because I was at that point where I was like I'm gonna barf
But I didn't I got silly and then I'm okay
Wow, that's the first time that's happened by the way on a drunk show we done in three years of orange lunch radio
In in the three years of Orange Lounge radio, we've had how many drunk shows about five
it's probably better. Even when I got really shitfaced, I didn't puke and just ate waffles.
One of them you passed out in my bed. I didn't pass out. Remember, I was making commentary
from your bedroom. That's the closest that we've had to a barfing experience. I did not
pass out, however. Alright. Do you remember I was screaming at you from your bedroom?
I vaguely felt it. That was the same episode. And then I went, waffle! That was the same
episode where I was kicking the wall, running up and down, yelling, I'm in the matrix, I'm
in the matrix. That was great. Did it happen again? Are you okay? I thought you were sober.
You don't look sober. Loki, can you... Okay, I'm gonna get Loki some cookies. Loki, pick
up the microphone. Can you pick up the microphone down there? I thought he was sobering up.
He looks drunker. Hello? Uh-huh. Loki, tell the chatroom how you're feeling. I'm feeling
incredibly dizzy and I think I just threw up earlier yeah you did cuz you're
wearing my clothes now might I point out yeah I am I I've drank too much honestly
normally I drink a lot more water to coincide with my you know drinking
alcohol so I don't feel like you know I have to eat a cookie I know I'm not
hungry I can't eat the cookie right now honestly I don't care if you can eat
Eat it or not, fucking eat the cookie to neutralize the alcohol in your stomach.
I will be sick, honestly.
Get a cracker.
What about me?
We can.
Just give me a second to freaking, you know, honestly, to digest this, just give me some
water and I'll be fine, okay?
Because if I drink any more, I'm honestly very full right now and I can't drink any
more, you know, alcohol or anything to be, you know, honest.
I just, I feel honestly tired as hell, this is why you shouldn't drink folks, I mean honestly,
cause you'll end up like me, and that's not good, but um, just, just whatever, I mean
honestly, they got my family stopped listening to this show like long ago, so, it's not good,
Just don't go crazy with the alcohol and just take it easy, you know, have some fun with the fireworks and whatnot and whatever.
I'm tired, I need the nap.
Just don't fall asleep and get my computer wet with that water.
No, I'm not. I'm taking care of the computer because I built this computer so I don't know what it needs, you know.
does not need the excess alcohol dripped all over it
what the hell are you playing?
i mean it's bad enough that my stomach hurts i mean so
folks people take it easy on the alcohol don't go crazy with the fire
you're good
What does the 4th of July mean to you, Loki?
Turn on your mic, turn on your mic.
Your mic's off.
When is the 4th of July meeting you?
I don't care. Whatever.
Have you learned a lesson from today's episode?
Number 11!
My lesson from today's episode is drink more water before I start drinking.
Other than that...
The lesson of the easy is no one can fucking out drink me! Ha ha ha!
Ugh!
Whatever.
I will go back to the liquor bottle.
Whatever, Jamie.
We do shots at the club tonight.
Fine.
become a more coherent
suddenly loki went into velociraptor mode
listen folks okay
the room is spinning a lot less than it was before okay
water? I have water?
oooh yay
you get to go home with that
listen okay
yeah i'll sleep on the edge of the bed i'm fine
but you know what when i become sober
oh yeah
don't you be making fun of me now okay
cause when i'm sober you aren't complaining okay
he thinks he's going to get some. Is he? Once he's sober, yes. Damn sure he's going to
get some. When I'm sober, it's not complaining. When there's no puke on his breath. When he
can get it up. You need a breath mint, Logan? Extra for her, don't you have some breath
mints somewhere? I have penguin mints. Honestly, folks, okay, Rob is like, wooooo, he's all
over the place. Hey, I'm sober now. Let's go drive him. I'm just kidding, no, I'm totally
If I were to run towards Rob, I would probably hit the wall.
So what type of drunk am I?
My nose is numb, okay? My hand is numb.
So what about my drinking? If Rob gets stupid, what about me?
See if we can't tell him to open my mouth.
You get bitchier, because you've been in a bad mood tonight.
No, I've had reason to be in a bad mood. I'm sorry that I fussed at you.
be at that microphone towards mouth okay Rob I'm gonna be totally at that stupid
convention thing when when they have the people at the the Best Buy thing before
the stupid in the group thing that shit already happened last Sunday you were
there it happened last Sunday where were you damn it well fucking a I'm gonna be
the other thing it's that paradise island oh I'm so sick
looky look have you learned any lessons tonight no are you gonna drink again yes
what will you do differently differently when you drink next time have more food
beforehand
i have officially out drank everybody because i finished my beer within two minutes of opening
it
are you ok logi?
I am perfectly fine.
No, honestly, my stomach feels a little upset, but other than that, I'm fine.
No, you're fine.
I'm fine!
Don't be judging me just because I had a lot of acid in my stomach from the stupid minestrone.
I'm fine right now, okay? If I drink some more water, I'll be fine.
Just... I'm drinking water, okay?
What the fuck is with this music, okay?
You need to fucking turn this shit off?
I am fine.
I'm playing something that doesn't lick my ass.
I'm fine, I just feel ill.
I need to put my thumb on the webcam because my thumb is mutilated now thanks to Guinness.
I really don't know what to say to our listeners who have stuck with us through such crap radio tonight.
Oh, God. Look, he's gonna barf again. Is he gonna barf again? Nellie, please make sure his head lands on my toilet.
Ew, I just heard that. Oh, shit.
Hey, but it was a liquid puke, which is good, because that means he's just throwing up alcohol.
I have had too many damn cookies. Boys and girls...
I am having a sugar rush and liquor right now. I hope
I hope you boys and girls learn something from this. Drinking so much
turns you into an ass.
A complete and utter ass. Drinking makes me horny.
Whoa! Whoa! No, no, no!
Whoa! Okay, now what drinking does is it makes me into a cuddle whore.
Drinking makes me a cuddle whore.
I want to hug everybody I need waffles and spinach I think no water I don't
know I'm almost thinking we ought to end the show cuz we're just we've got 15
minutes to go let's go to a break you wanna go to break all right we'll take
you something to fill up when we come back it's ask orange lounge all right
ask orange lunch send us questions and we'll get them in this next segment so
Ask Orange Lounge. In the meantime...
Oh, that burp tastes like Guinness.
I have had 11 drinks tonight.
Good job.
I will.
Will you just barf again?
Yeah, I'm going to go take care of it.
OK, we're going to go look and admire it.
Cuke break!
Send a message to Skye if you have a question for Ask Orange Lounge.
In the meantime, we're going to get to...
Bamani Popepuri, boys and girls, started off with...
I don't know.
How about something from 2DX 10th style?
I'm by myself right now, that's kind of scary.
And I'm starting to sober up, but I'm like in that buzzed phase.
We'll be back with more of this fun stuff.
We'll talk about video games at some point too.
1.2, Meteos, cool game, play it.
I can't wait to see you
It's time to change
Baby, aye, aye, aye, aye
Too light as amber, always deep inside of my mind
Tell me, why, aye, aye, aye
You keep the pockets full of grim, grim dollars
I love you, boy, it's your time
You're very hard, you look like
Hey, young fella, take me overnight
Boom, boom, boom, boom
We wrote this song, specially for you It's for everything you do
You are the best, don't get undressed
You are the cutest, that's why far
You took a risk, and bought our dishes
You play it loudly in your car
You tell your friends, what about our band
We're intimate, this is what you are
F-U-C-E-R, F-U-C-E-R, F-U-C-E-R, F-U-C-E-R
When we play a show, it's good to know you are in the crowd
We hear you scream so loud
You like to dance
And take a chance
So throw your undies on the stage
No wait
You're underage
You send us email every day
Shop at Target
You made your freak
So uber-chic, you know what you're for
S-U-C-E-R, S-U-C-E-R, S-U-C-E-R, S-U-C-E-R
It's Super Sprood and it's like you are
So Super Sprood, Super Sprood, Far
It's Super Sprood and it's like you are
So Super Sprood, Super Sprood, Far
Two, are future fans
And four, are friends
Do you want to join our club?
We're on the road
It's super spro-bro-fro-fro-fro-fro
We'll just ask for one thing more
Come see our tour, you will agree
Just hang along, don't go away
S-U-G-E-R
S-U-G-E-R
Super spro-bro-fro-fro-fro
Super spro-bro-fro-fro-fro
It's what you are
S-U-G-E-R
S-U-G-E-R
S-U-T-E-R, S-U-T-E-R S-U-T-E-R, S-U-T-E-R
The super star that is what you are The super star that is what you are
Last week on Orange Lounge Radio.
Who was the last person to put their coin up?
I'm going after that person to hell with the rescue.
Although I almost got killed by a little kid.
I think a little four-year-old threatened to cut me at Stockton Golf Line when I got
up there and said, I'm playing because this person put their token up.
where is your mother your mother just left you here for me to babysit you go
away mommy's on the corner she's earning dinner
money oh my these opinions he's looking for daddy join us every Sunday night
from 7 p.m. until 9 p.m. Pacific Standard Time for the orange lounge with
With your hosts, DarkSakura and Sky, where we'll talk about all things Bomani and Bensum.
In the meantime, enjoy our Romani Music and More program.
And he's the one that kind of a low-key is like wagging his tongue at me. What the hell?
And then look at his people low-key. Do you have the microphone? Can you have low-key the microphone?
Make sure it's on there. How are you feeling? Are you?
Yeah, I threw up quite a bit that break
Just probably because I had a lot of like miss, you know a lot of acid beforehand I
Um, I was eating a, um, it was runny beforehand, and so that's, you know, a lot of tomato soup, and that's very acidy, so.
I actually only throw up when I have, um, citrus mixture, so that does make sense.
I just feel really, you know, wasted right now, and not very tired, and not very good.
I mean, just, I'm completely out of it, so it's not even funny.
just out of it okay all right well you can participate as you want to in this
next segment I will participate as best as I can but we figure since our
listeners have been so good and putting up with the last hour of this show which
has been kind of crappy yeah I understand that's this this part of the
actually some of them are gonna kick out of it so whatever we only do this once
This part of the show is for you. This is your chance to take the show in any direction you want to by asking Orange Lounge.
Let's ask Orange Lounge some stupid question. What will we find out this week on Orange Lounge Radio?
Will Nellie keep taunting me while I am drunk or will she continue to dance a jig while her boyfriend pukes me?
Don't you be talking to yourself about me.
Rob, that's actually the best opening song you have ever done.
And to think I had to be drunk to improvise that.
I can't believe that I was actually singing in technical public.
Cause you know how afraid I am of singing.
You know, if I just breathe in and out very deeply, I can probably become coherent enough
to actually answer questions or anything.
Alright, well this first one's directed towards the one and only DarkSakura, actually.
I thank God for that.
The question comes from DeepThought42, and now DeepThoughts with Jack Handy.
Alright, here it is.
DarkSakura, are you ready?
We used to go to the cave to see our Uncle Bear.
We called him Uncle Bear because he lived in the cave, and sometimes he'd eat one of
us.
Later on, we found out he actually was a bear.
They say that every time an, uh, a, a, what am I, shit.
The face of the child can say it all, especially the mouse part.
They say that every time a bell rings, an angel gets its wings, but what they don't
tell you is, every time a mouse trap snaps, an angel gets set on fire.
Anyway.
I love Deep Thought.
Um, Deep Thought 42, you, you were saying something earlier about how you, when you're
drinking, you become a big cuddle whore.
So DeepThought42 wants to know, will Jamie cuddle with me?
I'd have to ask my fiance.
And I would imagine that Dark Sacra has the following requirements.
First of all, you need to have good hygiene, because if you have B.O., she's not going
to cuddle with you.
Right.
And second of all, you have to not be an idiot, because Dark Sacra doesn't cuddle with idiots.
And you have to have good grammar.
You are listening to Orange Lawn's radio, which is some plus points there.
That means that you're not a complete idiot.
Yes, very good.
You have to have excellent grammar and great annunciation skills.
Alright.
Are those like your turn-ons?
Oh my god, grammar makes me so fucking horny!
Oh no.
Wow, now I know what clip I'm going to use in the next intro.
No!
And now...
And now...
And now I just said that monkeys make her horny.
Call 1-900-DARK-SACRIA!
Shut up!
Her turn-ons are good grammar, and guys that-
And Xanadu!
Guys that have good hygiene!
My turn-ons are Electric Light Orchestra and good grammar!
Her turn-offs are Spielberg-directed-
I'd get off on Sesame Street, yo!
Let's get passed out!
Please stop with the talking about what turn-ons are.
42 is just like, you know, he doesn't meet those requirements. He does have good hygiene.
Okay, as soon as he stops using the letter U instead of Y-O-U.
Okay. Ron Chan has a question. I just want to, like, get this alcohol out
of my system, like A-S-O-C. You need to be saving your energy for the
podcast. Right. Okay, whatever.
Ron Chan has a question. Here's my question. You said on the podcast that Bomberman D.S.
was $20. Where the hell did you find it for $20? Because I sure as hell couldn't. That
There was actually Miklotov that ended up buying that for $20. I don't know where he
bought it, but knowing him, it was probably EB Games or GameStop, one of the two, because
he used to work for EB Games before he was at Konami. And who else sells? Actually, you
know what? I saw a good deal on Meteos at Target, of all places. They only wanted $29.99
as opposed to $39.99 for it, so that was good. So, shop around. Check Frugal as a part of
Google, if nothing else, and you'll find a good deal there. From what I understand, though,
I know that you're probably a little late for this, but Circuit City apparently had a really good deal on video games today.
Like, they were selling $10 video games today, like Amplitude, and what's that GameCube roleplaying game, Byte and Kaitos or whatever?
Those were all like $10 today. Pretty cool, huh?
Alright.
Oh, DeepThought42 wants you to know that his father is an English professor.
I'm sorry, English. I'm drunk.
His father is an English professor.
That's awfully tempting. That's pretty hot. However, I am highly taken. My fiancé is excellent.
It's just a cuddle. It's just a cuddle. It's not making out. It's not sex.
Alright, Vidpowel wants to know, is the OLR crew doing anything worth mentioning on the 4th of July?
We know that Loki has to deal with his family tomorrow.
Oh my god. I'm sorry, oh my car.
Cause my car is God. I'm so dizzy right now, it's not even funny.
Are you gonna barf? Cause if so, you need to go back to the bathroom. I'm not gonna throw up, nah.
I'm just really dizzy. If I take...
In fact, if my stomach is fine, I'll be fine.
You look kinda bloated. Seriously!
Okay, what is the first thing that alcohol does that makes you brutally honest with everybody?
So, like, how... what was it Margaret Cho said about grappa?
You have that skin! Oh, you look bloated.
So you're eating meat on the 4th of July? Yeah, I'm not going into the vegetarian thing yet.
I don't know what I'm doing for the 4th of July. I actually have no plans.
Why don't you come hang out with us? Possibly. We were gonna have people over for movies, but we don't know yet.
Rob, you need to come hang out with us. You need to meet
Adam and Tina and all my friends. I can probably do that.
I call them my downside friends.
Give me a call tomorrow when we're sober.
You got it.
I think that's going to bring another show to a close, boys and girls.
Thank God, because this show is really starting to go downhill fast.
So now we're going to go around and get everybody,
and now we're going to try and tape a podcast.
That should be tons of fun.
Now we're going to go around and get everybody's final thought.
DarkSakura, why don't you start us off,
because you're the most sober out of everybody.
What's your final thought?
Reject false icons.
the final word of the show, one word to sum it all up, thank you guys for listening by
the way, and if this was your first show tonight, seriously guys, this isn't what it's normally
like.
I'm sorry to see your first show.
We normally are not drunk and louts on the show.
I didn't even think that because of the iTunes thing we'd have way more listeners this week,
meaning we'd have way more people who were listening to the show the first time.
Whoops!
That was a bad calculation on when to do a drunk show.
My bad.
We did the drunk show because, first of all, it is our three-year anniversary, plus it
is also a three-day weekend.
We were taking advantage of it.
Every three-day weekend that comes up, we usually get pissed.
So, again, tune in next week.
Give us one more chance.
I swear we will be sober.
Loki will probably be highly embarrassed because his family's been listening to him drunk on
the show, and we'll be full of our usual, you know, piss and angst next week.
Really quick last minute questions, actually just one, from Dirty Thief, see another new
name, I don't recognize his name.
Can Loki share with us his family reactions on the next show?
Nellie says she'll do it if nothing else.
Loki's reaching for the microphone.
Well, my reactions probably to my family is going to be, they'll be like surprised that
them drunk in the show but they'll probably understand this is a three-day
weekend it's just a radio stuff other than that you know those just like I
can't believe we heard you drunk yeah he's gonna sleep well I'm just really
tired right now and I don't feel so good so I'm just gonna try to like you know
deal with this alcohol as best I can without making the mess of the apartment
Alright, final word of the show, one word to sum it all up, Loki, pick that microphone back up and give us one word that sums it all up. See you next week everybody.
Don't drink and drive is really bad. One word! One word!
That does it for another episode of Orange Lounge Radio Live.
Orange Lounge Radio Live is an Orange Lounge Radio production.
For more information about our station, visit our website at www.orangeloungeradio.com.
And now, here is your fortune cookie message of the day.
auto-destruct sequence in 5, 4, 3, 2...
Whoops! That's not the right track. Hold on. I'm drunk. What can I say? Hold on.
Here it is. We'll do this track instead. Try this one.
Captain caught me on the holodeck
With a blaster in my hand
He looked so mad, I thought I was out of the band
I was trying to think of something to say
But my R2 unit gave me away
And the captain looked at me and said
Where's Star Trek band?
Put the fucking blaster away
Hurrah!
Captain caught me on the holodeck
With a lightsaber in my hand
And I knew right then
I was in for a redshirt reprimand
I was trying to think of something to say
But my Vader helmet gave me away
And the captain looked at me and said
Can't use the force, put the fucking lightsaber away
Captain caught me on the holodeck
With my Java in my hand
A fist full of Vaseline
All covered in sand
I was trying to think of something to say
Something to say, but my naked lair gave me away, and the captain looked at me and said,
Get the fuck off the holodeck, I'm about to get laid.
Harranth!
Harranth!
Harranth!
Harranth!
Harranth!
Harranth!
Harranth!
Thank you very much for listening, and we'll see you next week.
Well, kids, what can we say?
That wraps up another life edition of-
Don't y'all choose to die in!
I don't know what else to say. I'm speechless. Tonight was the most interesting episode of
Orange Laundry.
Get a fucking-ass radio, man! So drunk!
I have to go pee so bad. And we're going to do a podcast, so.
We'll fucking take your piss already. I got Claude to get on, okay?
Alright, let's go.
I'm going to borrow your ring to change clothes.
Reconnect to the stream in 15 seconds.
