Think twice about love
Windmill, windmill for the land Love forever, hand in hand
Take it or lay it on your stride It is taking for all in land
Love forever, love is free Let's turn forever, you and me
Windmill, windmill for the land it's everybody in
Go shop, shitty dudes
Sleep by your cab, little city watching Savagrid
Go shop, shitty dudes
Levi, the captain said his baby wants to travel big
Ha ha ha ha ha!
The following live program is a special presentation
of Orange Lounge Radio.
It is time for another episode of Orange Lounge Radio on tonight's program.
We're going to talk about another podcast that we fully endorse that you all should
go check out.
We're also going to have Orange Lounge Day at the Movies, and today's movie clip features
us!
This should be interesting.
This is brand new, by the way.
I have not even looked at this, well, I saw it when it was on TV, but I have not looked
at the digitized format of it, so we're going to check that out very soon.
And remember, kids, podcasting is fun.
We'll be back after this.
Oh, my god.
Oh, god.
Heh heh heh heh. Call me daddy.
Orange Lounge may contain adult content.
Orange Lounge may contain many four-letter words.
Orange Lounge may contain a scene of nudity.
Orange Lounge may contain plenty of...
...bluh-bluh-bluh-caw-caw-caw-caw-caw.
Just kidding, Orange Lounge Radio will not contain any of that. In this episode...
Well isn't that special?
Orange Lounge Radio Live is a fully interactive program via our website at www.orangeloungeradio.com
And now, here are your hosts for Orange Lounge Radio Live, Dark Sakura, Skye and Loki.
We are live!
This is episode number 151 for this July the 24th, 2005.
You're tuned in to Orange Lounge Radio, radio that gamers really want, and this is Orange
Lounge Radio Live.
home for all the news and discussion on rhythm and music games as well as the
gamer community and the pop culture world. We're plugged in and fully
interactive through our website at www.orangeloungeradio.com. My name is Rob
Roberts, you might know me as Sky. Joining me as always are my awesome co-hosts. In
this corner, the happiest bunny on the farm, Miss Jamie Summers, also known as
dark Sakura actually she's not here she's uh she's running a little late
tonight she had some family business she had to take care of hopefully
everything's okay but she's going to be here a little bit later on just you know
however we do have the one and only Loki I am here and not in the cushion
obviously that was very good timing by the way finding your microphone well
Well, Jamie should be sitting on both of the microphones then.
I'm not sure. It probably got put there during the party last night. We had a little bit of a house party last night.
Maybe I shouldn't be talking with this microphone against my mouth.
Is that the loud sensitive one?
I don't know. Who knows? No? Anyway. Alright. So, Loki's here and then
special guest wise we have nobody. I don't know. What the hell happened?
We used to have special guests here every single week. There'd be somebody here and lately
Nobody loves us anymore. Is it because we're in this new place? I don't get it.
Something's weird. Can they give him bad directions?
I guess so. It's like I lied to him about where I live or something. I don't know.
Oh well. Fine. See if we care. We'll just sit here and do the show ourselves.
So we have some fun stuff to talk about tonight.
We were famous this week. Well, you know, we're always famous.
No, we were on local news this week, so we have to show that clip later in the show.
the show which makes for great radio by the way showing video clips but even the
audio of it's gonna be pretty funny Loki's bit in it is priceless love it so
we'll be airing that for you guys and telling you guys how you can get a copy
of the video because some of you guys are asking just like publish media to
you get the best of me yes last time when we were in the paper it was your
foot more of my foot in this one too they actually flow we'll get to that
Yeah, we'll get to that a little later.
Also, we gotta talk about our buddy Midihead.
He's been doing some fun stuff this week.
And we'll play a little clip of his new UltraMix 3 song, too.
I don't wanna play the whole thing,
cause people gotta go check this thing out
where you are supposed to be getting it,
but we'll play a little clip of the new UltraMix 3 song
for those that haven't heard it.
It'll be fun.
So, we'll be back after this little break.
In this break, since I just woke up from a nap,
I thought I'd play some really annoying,
fast music that'll wake me up.
So we're going to start it off with Cartoon Heroes, one of the most annoying songs I could think of.
Enjoy, kids! We'll be back after this with more Orange Lounge Radio.
We do the things you want to be, brain by brain, to the X-rays
Our friends are so unreasonable, they do the unpredictable
All out alive if we can say what we do and what we wish to do
There's no line or best for our friends, do it all through the end of the day
Brain by brain to the X-rays, one by one, we're making it fun
We are the stars, you're heroes of the world We are the ones who fall in love and fall in love
We're singing by your back, raise your mind
Oh, the ones that are bad, they are the ones that are bad
You can't fight back, we're running from the other side
Come to the, to the party
We come to the party, we'll never, never let back
Go! Go! Go! Go! Go!
This is your night, you make me cry I need to lighten up, save my life
I need you while I'm dancing with Listen to the bells and the melody
You'll be gonna think you're lying
People give you my life in music You've been waiting tonight, you're crazy
Bada-bada, deep in my heart I must've took you super star
You know that you can love me, give me energy When I'm dancing on stage, you make me feel free
There's a devotion, and if I dance, I'll kiss you every night
New York City lights New York City lights
This is life
We love America
That's a practical place
Can't you see me now?
Who laughs?
They got nice
You mean it to me now?
Love Miami Fife
A little in my life
I'm dancing all night
Got to see your life
Got lots to say on
You're gonna pick my heart
Bang, bang, bang
We're living in the old
Don't laugh at my hand
I'm at the
Living in America
Living in America
This is never
Welcome back to Orange Lounge Radio.
I think I threw up in my mouth a little bit during that last break, and we had some vomit-inducing
songs.
Admit it, there's at least one song you hated in that last break.
I think during that break, we'd have people in the chat room be like, oh, I love that
song, and then there'd be other people going, god, I hate that song, and then during the
next song, it would switch around.
Cartoon Heroes by Barbie Young, Speed Over Beethoven by Rose, Nori Nori Nori, Judy Crystal,
Living in America from DDR Max 2 and I don't remember the artist on that cuz
I'm too lazy to look it up and I never play that song so I don't remember oh
well anyway um so we're here with another show oh hello
there's the lovely Dark Sakura she's here and we were about ready to chat
about what's going on in the Bamani world actually before that though we
always have to start off each week show with a little bit of how was your week
How was your day? And DarkSakura just joined us. She usually starts us off, so...
I'd rather not talk about my week, thanks.
Okay. Well, then we'll move on to Loki.
My week was hot. That's hot.
No, it's because the air conditioning is broken for a week, so that sucked.
But I have a house that the dog, my mom's dog, and that sucked also.
And, um, what else? Oh, just a lot of sucking. Um, basically, you know, staying at my mom's house sucked because she is on dial-up and no one likes dial-up.
And also the fact that the dog, you know, wants constant attention all the time, including at three in the morning, and it's just, you know, very tiring.
And then I finally get home, you know, on Friday, you know, okay, I'm done finally.
you know the the apartment complexes had a week to fix the you know AC nope nope
nope they're not done yet they're not gonna be done till Monday so all weekend
it's been like 95 degrees in the apartment what are they having to do for
your AC they replace the whole thing the whole entire unit and then they said
they clogged something so they've got to do something on Jesus and I'm like oh
my god fucking retarded you know what your situation is starting to sound like
the plot of Dark Water whether they have a bad AC there no but it has to do with
a mold spot on the seal I don't want to say too much about the plot but the
trailer gives this part away so I can say that it's about this mold spot
that's growing on the ceiling and the the people don't fix it the landlords
and then when they finally do like it won't go away and it's still a problem
and then there's this whole you know plot going on I think it's about more
than a mold spot it is but that's what they try to get the scares with mold you
know cuz that killer mold the black mold it's always got to be the black mold you
know what they got against the black mold so yeah basically it sucked a lot
and then I don't know then the rest of the week was just basically you know
of work stuff, playing PSP, played more Killer7, and that type of thing. Yeah. That's it.
My week and my day was okay. Nothing to scream about, really. It's been very hot here in
the city, so it makes you not want to go out and do a lot. I went and saw Charlie and the
Chocolate Factory for the second time. That was pretty cool, because that movie rocks.
And I went to this restaurant called the Cheesecake Factory, and this is for my roommate's birthday.
And this place is very, very expensive, and it's kind of known around town for having
a very, very long wait.
I can't remember if this place is a national chain or if it's something on the west coast.
I know they have more...
Is it national?
Okay, then they've got one of these probably near you somewhere.
I've never been before.
It's brand new in this part of town.
They have crappy pizza there.
I have never had the pizza, but the food in general...
You have the orange chicken.
I actually had the orange chicken and to be honest I wasn't a fan of the orange chicken
because I felt like I was paying 14 bucks for the orange chicken here and I could pay
like 6 bucks over at the little Mon Pod Chinese restaurant and the orange chicken was just
as good if not better.
So it was one of those things where like okay well you're paying for atmosphere but the
host that we had was kind of a doof.
He just, I don't know.
So luckily the cheesecake itself was really, really good, so at least, you know, if you're
going to call your restaurant the Cheesecake Factory, you should have good cheesecake.
And that they did.
So I forgive them for at least having subpar as their food.
But still, the bill being quite a large amount of money for three people, I just, I expected
more.
I don't know.
I wanted, like, showgirls dancing or something.
It just, I expected more.
Our waitress at the San Francisco restaurant juggled ketchup packets.
she earned her tip. Where was this at? The San Diego one is really the best one I've
been to. It's in San Francisco. It's on the top of Macy's. It's on the thirteenth floor
or something like that. Awesome. And basically you can go walk over and look at the balcony
and stuff on top of the roof there. They had some stupid Christian thing going on after
through the gay pride parade, so they equal everything out.
In response to what DarkSakura said about the San Diego one
being better, I've heard the San Francisco one is better, too.
So maybe it's just our Cheesecake Factory.
But our Cheesecake Factory, something's wrong.
Something's clogged.
They've got a mold problem or something.
I don't know.
But something is not right at the Cheesecake Factory
here in lovely Sacramento, California.
So, what do you want to talk about first? Do you want to talk about us and the news,
or do you want to talk about other actual Bomani news?
Us, of course. Okay, you want to talk about us? So, we were
on the news this week. They came out to do a story – where were they out here? Monday?
Yeah. They were out here Monday. Actually, they
were out here originally on Friday – or they were supposed to be out here originally
on Friday, but real news happened somewhere, so we got pushed back – we got bumped to
day, but they were out here and the reporter guy was very, very nice, and the cameraman,
they actually stayed quite a while. They were probably here for about an hour just filming
different things. They filmed interviews with all three of us, and then they filmed us playing
DDR on my new TV, which was pretty cool.
Just always a bad sign. Yeah, I've got a note here that says I've got to take a picture
of you guys, um, playing DDR. What does that have to do with our show? Uh, nothing. But,
uh, yeah, I'm supposed to do that. Always a bad sign. You're just bitter because your
feet always somehow end up in it somehow, so. Because last time, we did our research
a lot. You guys played during the show, don't ya? Don't ya? Don't ya? Don't ya? No, ya idiot!
We do not. We have. We did like twice. We did the Xbox Live tournament online, which
nobody showed up for. Remember we were going to have our big gala 16 person DDR online
tournament and then like four people showed up? I don't remember anything about that.
It must have been a week you weren't here or something. Probably. It was. You remember
this, right? It was an impromptu, it was when we were unveiling Ultramix 2 or something
like that. That's what it was. It was one of those unveiling shows. And we tried to
to get all these people to come and only four people shut up,
which shows you how many people listen to this program.
I mean, how many people are on Xbox Live and Lucy
in the program?
Whatever.
And have older makes, too.
I don't know.
I guess not that many, but we'll see.
So we tried to do that, and it failed miserably.
But we have done the play DDR thing on the show before.
It's just not the focus about our show.
I guess, you know, and we do talk about DDR,
and we talk about 2DX in the show.
So I see where they get that impression.
The playing DDR on the show was a little crazy.
Apparently we talk about it on the podcast, too.
Yeah, so then they were doing a story on the podcast,
and since DDR is kind of our roots, they wanted us to show us playing DDR.
So whatever, that's cool.
Because that's what our podcast is about, isn't it?
Because that's the impression I got from the interview,
because they seem to know more about our show than we do, because...
No, no, I'm not going to knock on it, because beggars can't be choosers,
and it was nice.
Fine, I will then.
All right, fine.
enough talk let's just play the damn thing is dark soccer you actually
haven't seen this yet right
no I was stuck singing karaoke
alright so so dark soccer is gonna get to see this for the very first time so
here we go
I don't want anybody to see me though too late too late you were on the news
too damn late I needed to ask to be pixelated and have them spell my name right
maybe I should have been a spokesperson because that's the only way I'm gonna get on air
You can't, when you see what they did to Loki,
Extrofer, my roommate and I, laughed until we peed.
It was so funny.
All right, here we go.
Fuck.
Told the governor is one of the many people joining the
podcasting craze that's becoming a web craze, but
what is it?
How does it work?
KCRA Free's Brian Hickey tonight shows us how people
are using podcasting to inform, entertain, and share
their thoughts with the world.
By the way, this report comes from a local news station, Channel 3, and the reporter
was very nice.
He was a very nice man.
I liked him.
He was good.
And he had done his research because I was very impressed with what he did know about
the station before he came here.
Of course, I know he'd been talking to you quite a bit, so you probably filled him in
on all that.
Of course!
When they headed off to the editors, all hell breaks loose.
Hold on, hold on.
There's Jamie playing DDR.
It started off tiny and it's grown.
It started off tiny and it's grown.
If I didn't know you were talking about a podcast there, I could sell my clips to Blackmail.
I already used a little bit of attention.
And there's us sitting in the room.
I would like to point out that they may not realize it, but look what they're showing
in the background.
Did they blur that out?
I can't tell.
But they're too far away.
There's the Jay and Silent Bob poster, which hangs here in the studio.
We have a Jay and Silent Bob poster.
And I quote, all you motherfuckers are going to pay.
You are the ones who are the ball lickers.
We're going to fuck your mothers while you watch and cry like little whiny bitches.
Once we get to Hollywood and find those Miramax fucks who's making the movie, we're going
to make them eat our shit, then shit out our shit, then eat their shit, which is made up
of our shit that we made them eat. And then all you motherfuckers are next. Love James
Obama. You can actually see that poster in the background a little bit.
Emily digressed a bit. Let's go ahead and keep going.
Sorry. I don't look hideous.
Look, if we could get the word fuck on the news in any way, shape, or form, I think that's
worth a comment. We've done our job.
All right, here we go, moving on.
We should report ourselves to the MPAA or whatever.
Let me roll it back a little.
Yeah, we're going to have to re-rate our show adults only.
Hold on.
A subculture of pop culture, and these are the voices to unite and inform the gaming
fans.
And, where am I?
Dark Sakura, Sky, and Low.
Okay, stop, stop.
I would like to note, where am I?
Oh, they're on my feet!
But where am I?
Oh, that's right.
They cut me behind the goddamn door.
Fucking stupid.
Oh, they're on my feet! But where am I? Oh, that's right, they cut me behind the goddamn door!
Fucking stupid people! I can't shoot film for crap! Hello? I mean, they can say, okay, if the guy says,
Hey, I can't see you, move your ass out into the fucking light so we can get a picture of you because you're behind the door!
Let me- Okay, since this is a video that we're playing on the radio right now, let me set this up for the people who are listening right now, why Loki is so angry.
angry. They're showing a shot of all three of us doing the show, and you can clearly
see Dark Sakura in the big comfy green chair.
I'm not supposed to be seen.
And you can see me doing the chatting. And then you see Loki's feet dangling and his
belly kind of hanging out from behind the corner.
I look so short. My feet don't touch the ground.
And when they say, when they say, you're right, your feet are dangling.
Look! Look at my feet!
You look like you're sitting in Santa's lap.
Uh, no.
when they go, these are the faces of Orange Lounge Radio. They show Jamie, they show me,
and then they cut to another picture. Yeah, because I have a face for radio, apparently.
And those of you guys that are complaining that you can't see this, you will eventually.
We're working on, it's just a bandwidth thing right now, but we're going to get it uploaded
sometime tonight, so you guys will have it by tomorrow. But anyone, here we go. Let me
Let me finish the story here.
And apparently we all live in the same apartment.
By the way.
I look horrible.
I look horrible.
Get!
I have you freeze-framed right now.
I look like I'm about to puke.
The way you see my picture is even better.
Hold on, hold on.
Let me roll this back slightly so we can hear what Jamie has to say about podcasting.
We basically give the news for video games, popular culture, basically what gamers really want to know.
Okay, so they spelled Jamie's name right on the text over at least.
They didn't spell it right online, but they spelled it right on the text over.
Podcast producers record their programs, then send them to a number of websites now hosting the shows.
Now anyone can create, edit, and...
Ooh, pavement shot at me.
Yeah, but no pictures of me.
Lots of pictures of Rob, lots of pictures of Jamie, but no matter.
Hold on, I didn't hear what Jamie said there. I gotta roll it back.
to download it. It's something they can take with them. It's a much more flexible way of
spreading the information. With nothing more than an MP3 player and a set of headphones,
you can listen to it anywhere. Now people can talk about things they'd like to talk
about. Yeah, who's this random guy? Now they're interviewing random guy on the skateboard.
Like some dude they found. Where's the name? Casey Ryle. Yeah, some dude. If you listen
to our show, email us. Look, if Casey listens to the show, the more power to him, I'm glad
one of our listeners got to be a media whore. But I'd also like to point out, Casey only
owns an iPod shuffle, so he's not even that hardcore. Anyway.
People can join in and listen to, and it's really open, and lots of people can get into
it. A number of websites are now hosting... Again, if I didn't know he was talking about
podcasting, I'd find that pretty amusing. What grade am I in?
And now the reporter that... Keep playing.
Let me get the reporter here.
I would like to point out that that is the only time in the entire news clip that our
actual show name is put somewhere, because they never say Orange Lounge Radio.
when they're showing how to get to the podcast and stuff, that's when they bring up the Orange
Lounge Radio. It's like they show the person searching for Orange Lounge Radio and it comes
up in our little Intrigue. Oh, well, you know, that's nice. Good for them. I'm glad they
plugged the show, you know. Like, you know, maybe the SACB did. You know, at least they
put our damn URL in there. Extrovert, do you still think the reporter was cute? I did think
I think the reporter was cute, actually. I still hold to that.
Anyway...
...available podcasts are at your fingertips.
Free for you, free for the producers, free speech for everyone.
Oh, it's so much fun. It's great that, you know, just...
I like a piece of podcast!
Did you see? First of all, they have Loki
in Dark Sakura's chair but oh it's so much fun oh god you guys I didn't even have my
my god damn name on there where's my name on there oh god you guys it's so much fun
that's so much fun what am i talking about oh Kelly people it's so much fun oh you know close
to me that's so much fun I mean what the hell am I talking about they don't say anything it's
It's just retarded.
I said a whole lot more than just, oh, it's so much fun!
Oh, it's so much fun!
Oh, it's so much fun!
Oh, look at that!
I look like a goddamn chipmunk!
My head looks like it has exploded!
I'm super fat!
Look at me!
You're in so much fun, Peter!
Did you think that maybe you are super fat?
No, I am not.
I was just having a momentary mental image of Krim.
Maybe I should be going, whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa.
It was a night out.
Wait, let me see, let me see.
Let me see if I can, wait, let me see if I can, let me see if I can, let me see if I
can queue this up and do this rock your style.
That should be in the next intro.
Hold on.
Okay.
Hey, Loki, what do you think about gay sex?
Ugh, it's so much fun.
Don't worry, this will be continued later and effused. I have not forgot about them.
Let's let this finish up here.
Speech for everyone.
Ugh, it's so much fun.
It's great that, you know, just anybody out there who really has a desire to want to be heard,
you have an outlet for your voice to get out there chemically the less people
want this
in retro cordova brian hickey
k c r a three reports
everybody broadcasted out recently governor for senator began
i don't think i don't think that i didn't want to do it
it can be the fact that we have so you can listen to it
i'm sure i don't believe that i have to add to that
yeah i'm sure i'm sure you know i kept it very easy to listen to
when you understand half the words
we're going to track the budget now
thank you for downloading my podcast
rah rah rah rah
it's so much fun
i love my podcast it's so much fun it's tiny but it's good
oh you their own ipod shuffles
the ipod shuffles are the girly man's of ipods
Okay, so not only did they not plug our show, not even mention who our show was, not even
put me on there, gave me some really crappy line, when I had a whole lot more to say,
you know, what's the, okay, so basically we're gonna ask you a lot of questions, we're gonna
get you saying something really stupid, cut to you for about a second, because, you know,
we have to, and then we're done. What the hell? What's up with that? It's like the pictures
the podcast. Oh, we forgot one. I had a cleavage shot. It's like, gee. Eyes up, yo. Okay. Look,
I'm responding to some comments in the chat room right now over at www.orangeloungeradio.com.
Click on chat. Illusion says, yeah, because Orange Lounge Radio has more name recognition
than Arnold Schwarzenegger. Well, someday we will. Sure. Well, we can if people don't
fucking plug our show. Hello? I mean, come on. How long is it going to take? Take the
extra two seconds. You can find this podcast here. Poop. Okay, put the URL up there. Done.
I mean, or just say, you know, just like this show out of Sacramento, Orange Launch Radio.
Just mention the name once. Once is all we're asking. Show the website. Show something.
Do you think that maybe we don't get our name on TV because here we are, just letting you tear this thing apart?
Fuck them! Zack B all the way! I don't give a shit if my goddamn foot was in there and that was it! At least they fucking mentioned our show! The hell with them, because they made me look like a fucking idiot!
That's what I have to say about that!
I
Don't give a crap okay, I honestly don't give if they showed me at least looking at saying something intelligent like podcasting
You know we've you know we've been doing this for six months now blah blah blah blah
We have a lot of following yada yada yada, okay, or something like that, okay?
That's fine, so I didn't say something really intelligent, but we love those fun
I mean come on. It's it's retarded or at least just show me. Here's the face of podcast, okay?
So I'm ugly or something show me really quick or something you know I mean you don't have to like
Like, goddamn, I don't, I don't understand. It's just, it's annoying.
So, Loki, what do you think of your anger management courses?
Oh, it's so much fun. I know what this is gonna turn into. It's gonna
be just like the other goddamn thing. Oh, oh, I, I shot my foot. I need to...
Loki, you're purple in the face. I'm not purple in the face. I'm angry.
can you see your face?
You are purple!
I'm not purple.
Oh no, I'm violet!
Damn gum.
I turned into a blueberry.
Oh, it's so much fun.
I had to resist. Had to one more time.
Alright, that won't be the last time, I'm sure.
Moving on.
It's gonna be cut down into a little clip
clip, and then you're going to be like, hey Matt, hey Logan, what do you think about this?
Oh, it's so much fun. Oh, it's so much fun. Oh, oh, oh, it's so much fun. You know what?
Maybe we could compile some of this together and remix it.
I have an idea. Let's send them a friendly letter commenting on how wonderful they covered
our show. I'm sitting here going, you know what? No TV station give a rat's ass about
us before.
I look at it this way, it was about podcasting.
Yeah.
We were just podcasters who were convenient and had the most interesting material.
We were just pawns in the big operation, really.
Oh, good!
Damn the man!
I'm glad they mentioned everybody on the show.
Oh, wait, no, they didn't. That's right, they didn't.
Because...
Whatever.
Anyway.
We are gonna put that up on the internet.
Check our website.
You guys will be able to download it soon.
Also, big...
God damn it, you know what they're gonna do?
They're gonna play this at my work in front of goddamn 100 people, and it's gonna be like,
oh, it's so much fun.
And we're all gonna hear all goddamn day long next week, yay, oh, great new week!
Perfect way to start it off!
Thank you, KCRA3!
I cannot wait!
Are you done?
Yeah, I'm done yet.
Thank you.
I have actually news that happened to me this week.
Oh, what's that?
Now that I'm no longer bitter, actually I'm gonna be addressing most of it during the
FUs of the week, my work.
My package arrived. My prize.
Your package? Did it start off small and get a little bit bigger?
Okay, no seriously, what is it?
My Garuda stuff.
Oh, that's right. You were a winner on some site.
I am a winner. I won shit, but that wasn't really shit. It was really cool.
What kind of stuff did you win?
Well, this is from Filter magazine.
And first of all, it was going to be just a CD and the autographed magazine.
I had misunderstood the first email of the prize.
But since I already had the CD, and since I actually,
you know, when I was talking, I had to actually call
the lady to give her my change of address
because she didn't get my return email.
And we were just talking about stuff and, you know,
I said that I actually moderated on Gorillaz unofficial,
which is a really cool site for anyone interested.
But, what?
You can either pay attention to me or piss off, okay?
Alright.
Anyway, as I was saying, because, because, you know, I wasn't just some random person
filling out the little prize thingy, I actually got a mobile that I haven't seen anywhere
else except a couple of years that I saw on eBay but that's like it and I got the
autographs magazine and I got the sticker sheet and the little promo book
that's like cool promo book so how much would you say all this is worth on eBay
yeah I've seen the promo book go for a lot of money cool so so what are you
gonna do it are you gonna put it on display in your house somewhere you're
gonna keep it locked away in a little box to take out on days when you need
some gorillas. I don't know. What do people do with these things? I don't know. I've never
won anything like that before, really. Well, Dan and I have actually been off looking at
office furniture. And so once we get the office set up, it's gonna go in my area. Of our office.
The most excit- okay, now that's- see, there you go. The most exciting music-related thing
I ever won was when I got to meet Matchbox20, who, you know, I wasn't even like that big
a fan of him, but you know, I just won tickets off the radio and backstage passes, so we
I get to go meet Matchbox 20, and so I just have my little autograph hanging on the wall,
but that's about, you know.
I'm not really an autograph collector, you know, but this is just really cool.
I'm not much of an autograph collector either, however, I got Rob Thomas to sign my thing
and it says, to Rob, I think you're cute, and that's worth saving.
That's fun.
There's a whole story behind that, but I don't like the story.
When we get the scanner hooked up, I'm going to scan the magazine because I love how DJ
Danger Mouse signs it. He signs a DM with a circle around it, sort of like the old Danger
Mouse logo. I thought that was pretty cool. I had major happy nerd moment right then and
they're just staring at it for about five minutes going, ooh, Navy Seals. Oh, wrong
movie. Going back to it. Oh, since now we've had Jamie time, let's take a minute and have
some Loki time.
God.
God.
Damn.
Ow!
My foot!
Why did I shoot myself in my face?
Oh my God, it hurts so bad.
No!
My foot!
I need that for walking.
It's only funny if you were there for that episode.
Somebody in the chatroom asked if I still had that sound clip, so I just had to play
it for them.
We need to have some Loki singing during the break.
We also...
I think I actually deleted those MP3s finally.
No!
I thought it was somewhere.
I don't know.
They are safe, am I?
No!
Soccerina has a comment here in our chat room.
It has a suggestion for DarkSakura's next advice column on your show.
Yes, the advice column's theme would be how to piss off Loki.
And here we go.
Number one, get his foot on TV.
Number two, oh my god, it's so much fun.
Number three, talk about how in the groove is awesome.
Number four, say you'll buy him a Mac.
And the final piece of advice, just stay away.
That would piss him off?
I don't know.
Well, you know how usually your final piece of advice is, you know, just don't, like when
you're doing that, how to, you know, fly out of a cannon, your final piece of advice is
don't get in the fucking cannon.
I was thinking that my advice was going to be on how to safely inflate your ego without
it exploding into brain bits all over your company.
Well, that'll work.
I've been having lots of practice with that.
I have an advice, Collin. It's how to shoot an interview.
Because apparently, no.
You know, I was watching the other segments that they cut to before ours, so meaning these were more important.
That would be that it's hot.
The same story they covered all week!
Oh, guess what? It's still hot! In case you didn't figure that out by walking outside.
wanted to headline the news. Let's get Joe Hot Person on the street and see what he thinks.
It's hot out here. Come on. You know what? You know what? When I want to know exactly
how hot it is, I go to the Weather Channel's website and put in my damn zip code.
And then I know it's hot. Loki, if you want to be headline news, kill someone. Then you'll
headline the news. Yeah, thank God. It'll be close to us. We caught a killer today.
This girl's the host of Orange Lounge Radio, goes postal and kills 50 nuns because his
foot was the only thing on the TV.
Comment!
Knock it off!
I'm so quoted saying it's so much fun.
Yes.
I should be a reporter.
It looks like it's another crazy killer who is inspired by the Grand Theft Auto San Andreas
games when asked about how much he enjoys Grand Theft Auto San Andreas the
killer replied it's so much fun guess what we have Grand Theft Auto San
Andreas you know oh the M or the GameStop is no longer allowed to take them in
as trade-ins oh really yes because they're not going to be selling anymore
but I don't understand why this is now everybody's saying this is going to be
such a collector's item because the thing is only like one of the top
selling games of all time on three platforms. It's not like... Why did they stop selling
it anyways? It's like, now it's like, oh no, oh no, damn, now those seventeen year olds
are not going to be ready for the sex. But the violence! Murder! Decapitation! Oh, that's
okay. Or what, now what about, what about like, you know, cause, now the game's worse
now because little kids might see nudity instead of, oh, I don't know, murdering. So kids might
go out, oh my god, kids are going to go out and get pregnant because they saw it in Grand
What I don't understand is that little kids are only going to see the nudity if they put in the little codes that enable it.
This is basically, I was going to save this for the podcast, but now you've got me on this subject, so I want to talk about this.
Okay, we've seen this happen before, with DDR even, right? Remember how when you put in the DDR USA, remember the very first release of DDR USA on the PlayStation?
As poopy of a game as it was, it was what got DDR in the door
on PlayStation here in the US.
Remember that people put in that disk and they hacked it?
And what did they find on the disk?
They found the background for Butterfly, and they found the
background for Bad Girls, but with the gun taken out.
So this obviously was, at one point or another, those songs
were meant to be, even if not Butterfly, if they were just
lazy from the best hits conversion
and left that in there.
Somebody altered the Bad Girls background.
That song was intended to be in DDR USA at one point or another.
But instead of what they did, instead of removing the song,
removing the background, removing everything from the code completely,
all they did was they took the pointer out.
The thing that points to bad girls as being a song in the game,
they took that out.
I think that's exactly what they did with Grand Theft Auto San Andreas.
I think that this sex thing was intended to be in the game the whole time.
But during some final QA review process or something,
they decided, you know what?
If we have the sex thing in the game,
I think that's crossing the line.
So instead of going through the efforts
to take it out of the programming, which
would be a pain in the ass, they simply took the pointer out.
And so they thought, well, if we just take the pointer out,
you take everything that points to the sex thing out,
nobody's going to find the sex thing,
because all the pointers are out.
Whoops, did they underestimate the PC hat community out there.
Once the PC hat community found it,
It was just a matter of time before somebody got the codes to basically what they're doing
is putting a pointer in that points back to the sex game.
And now it's this whole big thing of oh, Rockstar Games knew it all along that they were going
to have the sex game.
Well, yeah, they knew they had a sex game in there, but they thought they took it out.
It's lazy programming is what happened here, I think.
It's still retarded, though, that people are coming after this game.
But anyways, we'll see if there are podcasts.
Well now you got me started on that.
Let's talk about how In The Groove sucks.
You know, I'm gonna...
We do that every show!
I know, and I'm not even, I don't even think In The Groove sucks as much as you do.
I didn't quite have the budget to buy In The Groove today, I thought about doing it just
so I could play it once and say it sucks and then write it sucks ass on the front cover
and then, you know, give it away.
But um, yeah.
I actually plan on playing In The Groove 2, uh, two weeks from now.
i'll be playing in the group to because i'm doing my east coast trip and i'm
gonna go buy it on the break one out there and i'm gonna check out
in group two so i can come back and give a review on the show
and i can tell loki that it's probably not as bad as he thinks it is
that's me off something i have it on the new hc t t
so it's going to be you know
really chris finn higher-quality looking graphic that
itself
they're just getting a bigger t t
well crap blown up
just like being all the speakers in the world will not make those in
you know songs any better
uh... what do you do
maybe you know what i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i i
though one day one day you guys there's hope what you will change his mind
and we'll see your will ask him
lucky what did you think of in the group still uh... it's so much fun
really change the topic of something out of the galette
you know i'd like that idea okay let's change the topic to break
sorority afraid
or come back from break we're to talk about our buddy media
because we'd like media
maybe that is something you you won't yell about right
moon
not a negative way
All right, so we're going to talk about Midihead.
In this break, we're going to do some Bamani potpourri.
We'll start it off with the song from Papa Music.
And we'll be back after this with more Orange Launch Radio.
Your call's on the Skype line also in this very next break.
So we'll be back after some Murmur twins kicking it off.
🎵
You don't have to believe in a heart of a doubt
But it's not funny how you think you wanted to lose
All you have got is getting out of bed
If you wanted to lose in a heart of a doubt
I want to be a part of you, I want to be
A part of you is going to want to stay tonight
I just can't see the way it's done
So I don't mind that I made a start
To you, but I don't want to stop
You won't stay, you won't stop
I know you can't find me
I just don't know anything
Oh
I can't lie, I'm a killer, I understand, I can't lie
I can't lie, I'm a killer, I understand, I can't lie
I can't be good again, alright
I can't be good again, alright
You're not the king of the world,
You are the voice of the world
You've got to go stronger than you
Oh God, oh God, oh God
I kept an eye on the trail
To try and save the sky
I kept an eye on the trail
I am a very picky guy
I am a very picky guy
Please listen to Orange Lounge Radio, because Real Radio makes Captain Jack cry.
And we're back with Orange Lounge Radio, episode number 151.
And you can say that number forwards or backwards.
The story's the same.
Just thought you'd want to know.
So we're talking about old-ass show jokes in the chat room
right now over at orangeloungeradio.com.
Click on Chat.
And I was thinking about, remember when we reviewed
a Dance Dance Fuck on air?
Ha ha ha.
Good times.
The old days.
That was the porno that was inspired by Dance Dance Revolution somehow.
When I say inspired by?
very loosely.
The me... yeah, like most of the girls in it.
Um, like I don't even think there was a part other than the title.
But they dance.
It was like Dance Dance Fuck Max... something... six or...
Yeah, it was like Dance Dance... it was Dance Dance Fuck six... or something.
Max.
I don't know. Dance Dance Fuck Max. I don't remember what it was.
That was years old, though. Years old.
I always thought the porno that had the, um, Final Fantasy X...
what was it, Final Fuck X?
Final Fuck X.
that was the better one because they had good cosplay
yeah they had some good cosplayers in them and then they got naked and had sex
but the Lulu
actually had a little stuffed muggle
anyway sorry kids
oh yeah by the way children
don't listen to this program it's bad bad for you you know I'm scared that I might have
co-workers listening to this
because they all found out about the news thing that happened last Friday
and some are asking, what's the web address? I'm like, oh crap. I don't care anymore. I
don't. Honestly, I don't. It's just, it's not worth it. It's not worth it. Dark Starkey,
you keep it under wraps pretty good, which your weekend hobby is at work. Well, no. I
tell everyone, hey, I'm on the radio. Really? Hey, listen to this. Hey, look at this, because
I don't really care. You're not worried about them hearing you talk about dance, dance,
fuck
and all that
they seem like cubicle
they know you're into porn
no i am not into porn okay
that was loki's
piece of
crap
hey i was looking for quality dance dance revolution products that came
upon that was like quality
i was like i have to get back to my cubicle
i have the happy bunny magnet that you gave me in my cubicle
with Happy Bunny pointing down to his crotch, saying,
I bet you love my thingy.
And I'm going to be taking my other one there, too,
that says, I love everybody except you assholes.
I don't think I have.
Don't you have a pledge for a new position?
I think you mentioned it a couple of times.
I like my job, but I have to, since I'm a presenter,
I'm in front of people most of the time,
I have to stay politically correct.
It's a very interesting challenge.
Some of my friends theorize that's why I do this program is because I have to be so politically correct when I'm in front of a class teaching that this is my way of venting the other half of that, the unpolitically correct side of me, where I get to, you know, come on and say shit, piss, fuck, and people listen to that and laugh at it. I don't know.
You mean they don't throw lawsuits our way? Why is that?
Because we're on the interweb.
That's right. No one likes the internet.
Speaking of places you can't say shit, fuck, and cunt, there was, somebody had emailed me about this to my Orange Lounge account about, I guess, Attack of the Show, you know, the G4 program.
They're gonna do, they're having problems finding a new host, so they're supposedly doing open tryouts in three cities, LA, New York, and San Francisco.
I'm thinking we need to have a road trip and all three of us need to try out the new co-host
Because you know Loki on Attack of the Show would be
hilarious
Come on this show drunk. Oh my god. I so much fun
No, I'm seriously thinking about doing my only issue is though since I'm gonna be gone for two weeks
I have a feeling that that's when they're gonna be here in San Francisco is when I'm gone
So I'm not gonna be able to do it and they're gonna miss out on a great
candidate if I'm I can't be there to do it so then there I don't know I don't
they're just gonna get some big-breasted chicken doesn't know jack about
technology done I hear cards I should lie but you know you you may have
adequate boobage but you know you don't you you actually know technology you
have a bigger gaming collection than the two of us combined well I have a bigger
your gaming collection than five of each of you combined.
Just grab one of the chicks off that stupid show the whips set or whatever you know.
I'll go to the audition
with my turbo express
and my wonder swan. Well here's the thing I was looking at the kevinpereira.com
which is the guy that's you know still the host on Attack of the Show
who by the way I like more and more as I see the show more and more. When the
screensavers first came out I was kinda like okay this guy's a boob
I don't like him
but I'm like I'm really warming up to him and I think what they're trying to do
with the show, he really does kind of fit it, and he's kind of funny, and I think now
that he's... yeah, he'll have to go! I think when it first started as The Screensavers,
I think it was always kind of trying to fit a square peg in a round hole kind of thing,
and I think he realizes this, so even if, you know, for some weird reason he heard me
saying this, he wouldn't be offended because I think he realizes this, because even he
says that first episode of The Screensavers was bad. And it was. But when they did this
own show thing, I think he got a chance to kind of grow into the show that he really
wanted to do and I think he just, his value on TV increased like 500% so he's a good guy.
But on his site he was talking about kind of what they're looking for in a new host
and they're not, he said, we're not looking for a pretty face but we're not looking for
someone that just is about the technology. We're looking for someone that wants to be
on TV talking about technology. And for some reason they're having a hard time finding
that. Yes, Dark Sakura.
I'm volunteering.
but wait a minute though you don't want to support the webcam at you yet you
would be on television
I'd hire a trainer
I'd do it. I could talk about technology. That's all I talk about
You want to get me to lose weight? Put me in a social situation
every freaking day
I guarantee you I won't eat for a month
I hear cabinets is what I hear
I heard knocking.
I could do it.
Easy. Easy.
It's so much fun. Is it?
Is it now? You know it's tiny, but it's grown. Yeah.
Rob, you abandoned us! How dare you!
50 lashes with a chocolate lip.
Rob, you can't go on Attack on the Show, because we need to do our show.
If somebody offered me money to do a live television show, I'd be all, screw you guys, I'm going to L.A.
No, I'm just kidding, I love you guys.
I'd at least give you my two weeks, come on.
You bastard.
At that point...
At that point, you have a Menchie hat!
Give!
From Anime Expo, you want it?
Yes.
I have a Menchie hat.
Anyway.
Let's eat her!
She's emergency food supply!
I have a Menchie hat.
Anyway, joining us by the way, who hasn't been at this show in an awfully long time,
is the one and only explicit with three X's.
Our angry guy!
Well, I'm actually...
Trust what we need this show.
Alright, I'm not going to be angry this time.
I've got some more important...
More important than just being angry.
Now, we were talking about TV earlier, and we were talking about Attack of the Show and
how we're all going to be on it soon, because we want to do that.
Supposedly some folks were emailing them too about us going on, so nobody contacted us,
so I guess it wasn't enough people.
So go email them and tell them we're ready to whore ourselves out to be on cable.
Because we figure, okay, we've done the newspaper, we've done local TV, now we have to do basic
cable.
That's the next step up.
So far, like Captain Canada, Toady, and me got that spotlight right there.
Now I was going to say, what happened, now you also had a television experience recently,
we had channel 3, but you had another station in town, what was yours a thing about?
It was basically like, the scenery of the DDR, and introducing the game to people, for
like perfect attack and freestyle, in addition to how this one person lost this much weight
on DDR. So they were kind of doing more like a DDR story and here's the dance, they were
doing that typical Dance Dance Revolution in the news story where DDR, it's better than
Grand Theft Auto because instead of making kids want to kill people, it makes them get
up and exercise and want to lose weight. But then, now the little piece I saw of it had
Andrew dressed up like a pirate. Yep, that's true. And that other guy that's always with
them and dressed up as Darth Vader. A different Andrew. Yeah. And they were just, you know,
being themselves, but on TV. Or in the media, I guess. Yes. I would have totally gone if
I didn't have to work. Yeah. You would bring Orange Eyes radio to the TV. Yeah, so we had
to go get our own gig, since we couldn't go to yours. I heard about Channel 3, so...
We played the clip earlier, you missed it. Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah. Oh, oh. Oh, Loki, I'm
I'm so glad you suggested it here, um, let me, um, get to the little vase here.
What'd you find? What'd you find, ArtSakura?
I found the Menchi hat, cause I want one now.
You want that?
Alright.
Yes, this is from Anime X-bomb, who's giving away some stuff from Anime X-bomb?
Okay! If you don't want the Menchi hat, sure!
Alright, this is just for you, Jonas.
Um, Loki, what did you think about being on television?
Oh, it's so much fun.
It's great.
That was Loki's big television debut.
That was it!
That was it!
Oh wow.
Anyway, from what I heard from the taping though
Loki, you know what this is?
The world's smallest violin playing My Heart Bleeds For You.
Yeah, from what I've heard from the taping, the two Andrews were there
and some background people doing PA
And then me and, kind of doing a little freestyle, get to see, introduce it to the scenery.
And I'm not really sure if Scott Farah, the gaming guy of Channel 31 came back to introduce
the tournament.
I didn't even know we had a gaming guy on local television.
We had a gaming guy?
Yeah.
His name is Scott Farah on the morning show.
Usually he's there on Mondays.
I'm the guy.
The gaming guy.
Is that his job?
Is that strictly his job is to be the gaming guy?
Dude!
I want to be the gaming guy. I'm cute. I can be on TV.
You're going to be there on the tournament if you're still interested in going on the 30th.
I might, except I have a flight leaving the very next day, so I'm going to try and make it.
Tell us, plug your tournament, plug your tourney thing that you're doing.
Well, we had one tournament, they won a tournament already yesterday for the Initial D section.
Oh yeah? How'd that go?
It turned out pretty okay, so-so in certain ways, because we had some problems with someone's card, didn't read it, but then again, they said the card was bent, so I don't know what happened.
It was 8 competitors, the first place winner was some guy named Jay, second place was T, and third was Kenshin.
Jonas, you know what you and I need to do? We need to work on Shaft 2.
Oh yes.
But we're gonna post it though, so far, with the plans.
Yeah, but I need to, we need to talk.
Cause I've been needing to get SHAP2 run for a while and they've been kinda being assholes at RVGL.
Oh, that's why I don't deal with RVGL.
They, their management with tournaments, no.
This facility would be great, otherwise, I don't want to deal with what's-his-face.
No, it's funny, because their management also put repairing their machines as no and listening to the customers as no.
That's really ironic, the way that works.
Wait, wait, wait. Are you serious?
Okay, first of all, RBGL is a business, so...
We'll talk to you in the chat room. Hold the microphone a little bit back.
Okay.
Which is funny, because Jonas actually doesn't hold his microphone that close to his mouth.
He's just got that kind of voice, kids.
But that's all right.
That's alright. I mean, let's see, I don't know why RBGL doesn't want a tournament, because I've done this before myself.
Well, that's where F.U. was supposed to be held. But then I decided to do P.I. because that's the only place that would host a tournament.
Scandia, they want to do their own gig. Of course, you've been to one of their tournaments.
I did go to one of those Scandia tournaments. It was okay. It was cute.
Yeah.
It wasn't like a large-scale DDR tournament. It wasn't the kind of thing you should drive in from San Francisco for, but it was cute.
Yeah, I know.
Yeah.
And if, yeah, first off, right, Jamie, first off, take care of the, um, the tournament that's happening this Saturday.
Then I'll, we'll talk about Shaft 2.
No, I meant factor, because I've got to deal with school starting.
Oh, yeah.
Once I get in my school schedule, I'll have more time to apply to that.
All right.
Yeah, just give me a call at any time and reply and we'll see what's up.
So many people want to help out with the whole tournament issues.
And Shaft had such a good turnout and it ended up being one of the big ones when it was out that I think that putting the name on it would give us a big draw-in.
I'll see what happens.
We got a few people. We got a few of the Omaha people.
Yeah, I remember that. That was pretty cool. It was a good time.
And the 2DX tournament, too, was cool, except we won't be having that again.
Wasn't that Marshall Brandis, though?
We did it at Shaft.
That was at Shaft.
We did both. It was both.
Oh, okay.
Anyway, what we're going to do now, I was going to talk about the Midihead thing, so let me get into that.
Midihead, our buddy that had a song over in UltraMix 2, he did, you know, the In My Eyes remix was in UltraMix 2, remember that?
Pretty good song there, very well-liked fan favorite.
Um, he's back, he's going to be in, um, he's going to be in UltraMix 3, and he actually
is debuting his brand new tracks from UltraMix 3.
We've played one of them here on the show before, we've played the song Raise Your Hands
here on the show previously, but he's debuting the new Jelly Kiss remix, what is it, the
Jelly Kiss Midi Head Smack Mix is what it's called?
It's a brand new remix of Jelly Kiss and he's debuting it on his own podcast, and we're
We're actually mirroring the podcast over on OrangeLunchRadio.com, so if you want to
check it out, what Midyhead did is he kind of put this whole show together.
He engineered this 30-minute show where he plays his track from Ultramix 2.
He played the Wraith song from his upcoming album.
He played, what else did he play?
He played Raise Your Hands.
He played Take Me Away From Here.
And then he plays the new remix from DDR Ultramix 3.
the jelly kiss mini head smack mix we're gonna play a clip of this mix for you
guys we want you guys to actually go and download the podcast yourself to check
it out we want to support MIDI head with that but we will play a little clip so
So here you go, here's a clip of the midi head smack mix of Jelly Kiss.
So it sounds pretty cool. It sounds like it's going to be a fun little remix there. I remember
playing it at E3 and I loved the remix of Jelly Kiss, so it was probably my favorite
thing. I actually tried to play it. What did you think of the song? My hip ended up being
a screaming nightmare of agony. But that's not because of the song. No, I liked the song.
I wish I could have played it, only got halfway through it before my hip gave out on me. So
So anyway, check that out.
Midyhead doing his own podcast thing.
If you're too lazy to set up the podcasting thing,
there's a direct link that they're hosting on DDRFreak.
So check that out on ddrfreak.com.
You can just download the MP3 right there, which, by the
way, I think would probably be the only time I've ever seen a
Bamani-related MP3 so blatantly on DDRFreak.
So that's kind of a historical thing as well.
So check that out.
It's nice.
But Montystyle isn't hosting the file per se, but they ran an article on it and so did
DDRUK.
And that's thanks to one of our listeners, actually, who is mod on all those sites.
Anyway, check that out.
It's a good time.
It's a good podcast.
The thing about Midihead too is he does these funny radio voiceovers during the whole thing
too.
He's like, this is Midihead!
You're just going like crazy during the whole thing.
Yeah, you got a shout-out on the thing.
I didn't get a shout-out. Jamie didn't get a shout-out. You got a shout-out.
Your mic's not on.
Damn straight, because the mic needs me on.
No, because I'm awesome.
And I hang out on those forums.
Yeah, you just get it because you have the shout-out because you hang out on the forums.
That's what it is, basically.
What it boils down to.
So, Loki, what did you think of the Midihead podcast?
It was so much fun.
Anyway, not as much fun as this McDonald's BBQ sauce.
Alright, since you guys are eating. By the way, Midihead also teases the fact that there's a third song he's going to have in the game.
He pretty much all but says, I have a third song in UltraMix 3, but he's teasing us. He's not telling us what that song is.
So, we're assuming that the reason why you might want to subscribe to the podcast and not just download the direct file, unless you're lazy and don't want to set up podcasting,
you probably want to subscribe to the podcast because whenever this third song is
announced
he will probably do a podcast part 2 and that's gonna be the first place you're gonna
hear this new song
so he pretty much all but said he's gonna have a third song in the game so we're
kinda interested to see what that is
but you notice that they've kind of in general
been very very quiet about these recent
DDR games like they haven't been doing the clues
they usually do the clues around this time where people try to guess what the
songs are that are going to be in the game
they haven't been saying a whole lot about the features we've really gotten
not a lot since E3 besides this Midihead thing
not a problem, they'll just send another demo for GamePro the review and
BOOM! There you go, there's everything. Why do you think that is that they're being so
tight-lipped about it this time? Because GamePro sucks? No, not GamePro, that's nothing to do with GamePro
I'm talking about in general Konami's lack of
playing around on the forums. I mean,
some of the Konami reps are playing on DDR Freak and they chime in once in a
while.
Even Miklotov, who's been on the show a couple times, he's jumped in there, but
you notice that when Miklotov has been on the show, he's been very...
he hasn't said, like, anything. Not nearly what he was telling us this time last year.
On the show, he's not saying a whole lot about the new games.
So...
they're doing some weird things with this uh... the releases coming out so
good things but weird things so i'm thinking they're probably just going to
keep it in a wrap so when it comes out and people go oh wow you know instead of
just ah it sounds like crap and then they don't buy it
so it's more of a shock factor they don't really have to give hints why no other
companies give hints about what their games are going to be like
fuck it wait you know be patient rockstars on their forums going hey guys
you know you can unlock a sex game I think you know what I think there was a
e3 strategy that worked very well for them and that is that they didn't say
shit about Beatmania USA until e3 itself it was a very very quiet thing they they
had said oh yeah we're gonna have you know Xtreme 2 and DDR Ultramix 3 and all
that stuff but they didn't say anything about they didn't say anything about
about Beatmania. Because if they had said something about Beatmania, people were going
to come up with all these preconceived notions about what they wanted in Beatmania. And when
that wasn't met, they were going to be disappointed. I have a feeling it's a similar thing they're
doing here. They're not saying anything about the games, because if they do, people are
just going to go, wah wah wah, why isn't this feature in the game, and why didn't they put
this song in, and wah wah wah. I think they're just trying to avoid that, because it seems
that's what happens when they tell us the song list is people go although
there are the people that are appreciative of the hints and that
deserve to know these things in advance there's just a few bad apples that ruin
it for everyone that people would get on there and go why don't we get this song
and why haven't we gotten cartoon heroes and DDR yet wasn't wasn't genie in a
bottle in a was a DDR extreme 2 genie a bottle or what was it they had some like
Christina Aguilera song or something like that, and then they got like Britney I think
in there too, but I'm actually interested to hear those again, I don't know.
They weren't in the E3 thing though, it was just a preview.
They had a clip.
They had a thing.
There was a clip of the Genie in the Bottle thing that was on some video of somebody from
E3 or something, that's right, no they did have Genie in the Bottle in the E3 demo, but
it was so freaking loud you couldn't hear.
That's right. And I thought that they mentioned, though, something about oops, I did it again,
too, being in there. I thought, because I remember after that, people, oh, long versions
are coming back, and we're like, no.
No, oops wasn't in there, but I think it's kind of assumed that it's going to be a different
cut of oops, I did it again. So, all right. Anyway, I'm just kind of reading what's going
on in the chat room, and I think some people are kind of agreeing with the same thing that,
know people are basically Konami isn't wanting to deal with the obnoxious
people that whine about everything they release and all that other stuff going
on there. And then let's see I thought the E3 build of Beatmania was just a
throw together. I think in some ways it was because some things weren't enabled
in there but I think I think it's gonna be what they're going in the direction
towards I think it is going to be basically a night style redone for us
with different songs and the whole five key songs and five key mode which I
think is pretty cool. I don't know if it was necessarily thrown together because
that five key song and five key mode probably took a little... It's a beta. It's supposed to be
thrown together. That's what a beta is. I think they wanted to show what they were
gonna do but not, I mean, obviously they probably haven't made a lot of progress
on the game because they're working on the DDRs instead. You kind of wonder what these fans are...
Oh what? I expected the full game to be done. No, you idiot. They're not gonna have
the full game done. It's obviously a work in progress. I mean, they're just showing
off what they have. That's why they have the E3 version. I mean, people are like, oh, the
full game is going to suck because it doesn't have seven key and wine. So, you know, whatever.
All right. What we're going to do now, I guess we're going to go to a break. When we come
back from break, we'll take your calls. Sorry, I promised that we'd do the Skype thing this
break but we didn't get around to it so we'll take your calls on Skype when we
come back from this next break and we will also do the cage match tonight
because I keep promising we're gonna get into that as well so let's start off
this break with I think we'll do some home version song here also you know
what I feel like I feel like playing that one love is orange mix it's a
little bit longer of a song but I think we're gonna fit it in here because I
feel like playing that so we're gonna play that and we'll be back with more
more Orange Lounge Radio in the cage match and your calls on the skype line after this.
Hey, listen, let me tell you, let me tell you
Just a question, man, can you rest a little bit, just a little?
Oh
a
a
a
a
a
a
a
easier to dance to than that freaking catch-up song orange lounge radio hi kids we're back
with more orange lounge radio here we're gonna get in the cage match somewhat shortly but
But we also wanted to start taking your calls on the
Skype line.
So if you want to call us, head on over to the Skype line.
It's www.orangeloungeradio.com.
And just click on Interact With Us, and it has all the
information that you need to call us and talk live with us.
And so while we have that open up, I don't see a whole lot
of people sign in.
Maybe we'll get a couple calls.
We'll see.
But meanwhile, I want to remind you guys about
something, podcast awards. We were nominated in the recent podcast awards, so you should
vote for us. Head on over to www.podcastawards.com and make sure that you vote for us once every
day. I vote every day. Are you still voting every day? You can't forget, you got to vote
every day because these guys on the other sites are pretty hardcore, so just got to
make sure that we get up there. All right, now our phone line is starting to light up
So here we go, we're gonna take a call. Hi, you're on Orange Lounge Radio.
Hey Skye, Siggy here. Hi Siggy! It's the 2DX bastard.
Hello!
Konbanwa minasan. Konbanwa ogenki desu ka?
Ogenki desu.
Well, just, you know, just some off-topic stuff. I got some 2DX, you know, Happy Skye.
Some interesting stuff about Happy Skye.
Oh, what's going on with Happy Sky? I'm going to get to those MP3s you sent me later, too. I haven't forgotten. I just want to save it for later.
Well, you can play a small clip if you want. I'm just going to announce them, the hidden songs.
Okay, hold on. I've got to get that rigged up, though. So how did they... So what, did a code come out that unlocked these songs, or how did this happen? How did we get the new songs?
Well, they're only unlocked for e-amusement.
Oh, I see. So, in other words, it's songs we will never play over here in the States.
Unless they're upgraded to a new 2DX mix.
Hmm. Very interesting.
Um, why am I having a hard time finding...
Oh! Hold on, I'm having a hard time locating those files,
because for some reason I thought you sent them to me on AIM,
but then I remembered you can't send me things on AIM.
Well, I never have your AIM suite to be named.
I can hook you up with that a little later.
Alright, I got the songs loaded. What are the songs here?
Okay, the song, uh, the artist is, uh, 4-1-4, and the song title is Double Thrash.
Okay, we have a little clip of that one here.
Alright, cool.
Um, let me check, uh, it's, uh, by Hoshino Kanako, and it's, uh, Get Cool.
Is that this one that doesn't have a label on it? Is that this one?
Oh, that's not, uh, that's not Get Cool.
well
well i don't know which one i was then
maybe i don't have that one
do you know which one i was i just played
on nevermind out
out of the failure
well i'll just say the next on it
plasma by uh...
yeah plasma by uh... used i think uh...
but i don't know
i thought it would you worry did plasma yes
yet but yeah i here's a clip of plasma
without medical
and i don't like every other sort of who's my son that's right
and then the next time is the or are by you start
uh...
i don't know if i have that one did you send me everything
i have a except
but i've got them ok alright
and then the last one is uh...
This is going to be very complicated to say.
It's by Ginger.
It's called casteless while eyejaw cancel tissue.
That sounds like it should have a long, complicated name.
That's kind of interesting.
OK.
This one's translated in English.
Casteless while eyejaw cancel tissue.
I just translated it on some site.
it says that cast less is a tissue that cancels love what that's what it's
translated okay what the hell weird very weird and here's some stuff that you
know like some how should I say it about hidden plus and sudden plus here's
something interesting mm-hmm um on hidden plus and plus you can actually
You can actually change the width of the cover, not only before the song begins, but also during gameplay by holding the start button and adjusting it with a turntable.
Weird. So you can actually adjust the windows that you're hiding or, you know, either way. That's kind of neat.
Yeah. Not only before the song starts, but during gameplay.
Wow, that's kind of cool. I like that. So like if you decide that oh a little too much on the sudden thing
Or maybe I put it on accidentally then I could just use the start button to like take it off
By rolling it so much that it would just not be there. That's kind of neat. Yeah, and then
There's already a new way of accessing the extra stage, which is a scream squad by cap
mm-hmm and
the way you do it is on the first and second stage you have to double A and
another of any level with hard mode oh so you can get the extra stage that way
just by double laying in another on hard I'm not done yet oh okay on the final
stage you have to double a a level 10 or higher either in hyper or another with
hard mode no random no mirror and that's to get the one more extra stage no that's
That's how you get the extra stage.
Really? Oh, dang. So they just raised the bar on that, basically.
More complicated, yeah.
Usually on the previous 2DX styles, like until 2DX Red, you just double A Level 8 another with hard mode.
Wow.
That's the simplest way, but now they made it more complicated.
Well, that's because people are getting too good at the game.
You can say that.
Okay, so up in the challenge factor a little bit there, so if you get that extra stage, you're even more special and more crazy.
But that's cool. Very cool.
Let me correct myself here. One of the Happy Sky songs, I said it on a previous, before the song was released,
it's by a dance man featuring disco. The correct title is we are disco yotsu uchi inochi.
That's a fun little name to it, okay.
So wait, that was one that we had misnamed on a previous show?
Actually, I mispronounced it.
Wow, you mispronounced something for a change. That's a change.
Usually I'm the one making those mistakes.
I'm not perfect, you know.
That's alright. Neither am I. At least now we know.
Well, thank you for issuing that correction. That was very honest of you.
I wish the regular media could be that way.
Anything else you want to share with us about the 2DX world?
Well, just to name some artists, I'll just name them the artists that have songs.
Don't Let It Go by Uchi's, Uchi the Brothers, and then there's Spark by Silver Fox Productions
featuring Hoshino Kanako, and then there's Under the Sky by Minami Sayaka from B4U with
Platonix. What else? Yeah, there's Happy Angel by Junpichi Takirik, or Tahiri, and then there's
These are more songs that are in Happy Sky, yes?
Yeah, the ones that have Japanese characters that you might not understand.
Gotcha, okay, okay.
And then there's Garden by Aokiriye. I'll just type them after, you know, after this, after this call.
Works for me.
Yeah, whenever there are sound titles, just point me out and I'll type them in.
Sounds good.
Yeah.
Alrighty. Well, thanks for the call, Siggy. We appreciate it.
Alright.
Have a good one.
Alright, later.
Later.
That's our resident 2DX whore, Siggy.
Yay, whore.
calling us I was I was gonna load the it's so much fun clip again but I think
we've really got it the ground you're right what's so much fun playing the
clip over and over is that yes actually it is tons of fun somebody said they
were gonna make a YTM ND comm site out of that you know what that that's the
site where um oh the one I think of is the the con one have you seen that site
It just repeats that file over and over.
Con!
Con!
And that's the background is the, you know, William Shatner going, ah!
Somebody was going to make a site.
And you know how, like, now they have this site where you can build your own YTMND site?
Somebody's going to build one of those for you, going to, oh, it's so much fun.
Oh, it's so much fun.
It'll be hilarious.
Anyway, we got another call on Skype.
That sounds like a winner.
Hi, you're on Orange Lawn's radio.
I'm sorry, but I have to do a little rant here about the whole hot coffee thing.
You have to introduce yourself first.
I'm Reznor.
Hi, Reznor. Reznor calls us quite a bit. The resident drunk.
Hey, we like that. I was the resident drunk last night, but I'm okay now.
Sorry, but
the whole media finding...
the media is basically behind the times on anything that
relates to anything related with a computer or a video game.
all hot shit you know there's sex in a video game we can't have this
but it's fine all right to have people doing drive-bys and uh... shooting
people as big you know
and ripping off heads violence is quite alright but doing somebody and the
asses
what this this just goes back to what is acceptable in our rated movies as well i
mean you remember the whole stink with that movie eyes wide shut where
although they're going to show some titties and some penises and it's going
to be n c seventeen
but meanwhile the latest like terminator three where they just blow shit up left
and right
is you know just a relatively mild are
uh... exactly this is a decent point of of horrendous violence being killed
completely accepted would be
dead alive or in a movie this guy is fighting zombies with the
frickin lawnmower strapped to his own many runs up to a man chops them in half
not to mention the fact that he is also
re uh...
deeper by his demon mother sucked right into her vagina and then pulled right
the hell back out
i happen to have a lot to know
so i i i think i think this is what i mean that many night at my house
anyway it was not segway well i don't get a lot of and while you're at
there was a finishes dot right
i'm sorry but
the media are complete idiots when it comes to anything technological
anything
uh... the you know story on podcasting oh it's so much
but uh... and i just had a local story and local news is like
kids are attending these new parties called land parties
where they come together for twenty four hours of caffeine fuel uh... fun
playing very violent games and
swapping the files back and forth
hello we've been doing this crap since what nineteen ninety five it's just now
reaching the media
Play your collective heads out of your asses for a change!
Oh my god! I remember the LAN forum, because that's the only way you could play like Doom 2
multiplayer was to do the LAN thing.
Yeah, doing dial-up and then having phone calls like five hundred dollars. I remember playing 11 player Duke Nukem 3D on the LAN.
Oh, that's right, Duke Nukem is another one. Anyway.
But, I'm sorry, but
the media is just such horrors. I'd like to round, as I said in the chat room,
I'd like to round them all up in a pit and re-enact the scene from HUD where they're
shooting the cattle.
It's such bullshit!
You know what amazes me about this whole thing is that Grand Theft Auto is a
bit of a scapegoat because it's not like we have never had
sex or very very sexual things in games before.
This could go all the way back to Custer's Revenge. Now granted Custer's Revenge
was not a
a runaway sales hit, shall we say,
and neither was Night Trap, even though that game didn't have sex in it,
but God of War has a sex minigame in it.
I think the only reason that they're scapegoating, you know,
Grand Theft Auto is because it's been, you know, in the spotlight before.
I'm surprised they didn't start whipping out Doom 3 and just saying,
oh, there's, you know, there's demonology and rituals,
and, you know, there's blood all over the place. But that's okay, because that's blood.
Exactly, but they're only scapegoating GTA because it was in the spotlight before
and they just want to rile up the collection of Bible thumping parents out there
and say, oh look, there's titties and a money shot. Ignore the fact that you can
the game says the F word and nigger half the time.
Yeah, that's great though, too. Like I predicted,
this is only the beginning. It's the whole nipple gate all over again and as we'll be
covering in our podcast later,
They're coming after Sims 2's nude patch now.
Oh yeah, there's a huge thing that it's appealing to pedophiles.
Hey Newsflash, there are Ken dolls underneath those blurs.
There's a huge difference.
There's nothing there.
Not on the patch that I have.
Even the website doesn't even have nipples.
There's a huge difference too between the Sims 2 thing and the Grand Theft Auto thing.
As I pointed out earlier, I believe the Grand Theft Auto thing to be a case of lazy programming.
Whereas the Sims 2 thing is somebody made a patch to alter the game.
They are not putting back in like a pointer that was taken out to code that was on the game.
They don't do that research. I understand that.
Next thing you know, you'll have Jerry Falwell saying that because when the males get abducted by aliens
and become pregnant with alien babies, that it's going to be a great thing for gay rights
and it's all against Christianity.
Somebody needs to get up there and explain, you know what, and if this thing ends up coming before Congress,
which is just just might remember like years ago like 15 years ago it was about the naughty lyrics in music and
Fucking he got D Snyder from twisted sister testifying before the special congress panel
That's what's gonna happen with this whole thing
and I hope to God when that happens that they break it down into second grade language for these people so that they understand and
draw pictures if you have to to understand the difference between what happened with Grantham federal San Andreas and
People outright making the nude patches for other games. I mean God there
within like five seconds of the Tomb Raider game being out somebody
had a patch so you could see Lara Croft's pussy. I mean that's just...
I still think that our society is so fucked up that
where you can rip somebody's head off with the spine attached dangly with
blood dripping off of it
it's considered alright when a money shot of man goo in the face of a
woman on her knees is so
taboo. But to put it in perspective though the spinal cord attached to the
head thing, and I assume you're referencing Mortal Kombat, I seem to recall that did have
this whole theory of media detection with it.
It did, you have a big stink on it.
That's why it wasn't in the Super Nintendo.
Right.
But, now here's the difference.
They didn't try to ban the game, well, no, they did try to ban the game, but they didn't
do this whole, oh, I guess the ratings thing was really born because of that.
And when they went and rated Mortal Kombat M, that seemed to appease the moral police
a little bit.
basically what it's basically boiling down to is
their society is just basically not taking
taking the blame or taking responsibility for their own kids the
parents basically just want to sit them down in front of the idiot box
and then it makes it though
you know it's because the parents aren't
you know watching out for what their kids play what they watch what they do
on the internet
that when something like this in grand theft auto happens
or heavens forbid you know
Doom caught a lot of shit because the whole Columbine thing, I know that it probably
strums somebody's strings the wrong way with that.
But damn it, Doom's not the problem.
Dran Theft Auto is not the problem.
It's parents that aren't doing their damn job.
I'll bet you anything here is what happens about this.
Because parents are lazy and can't figure out how to do these things themselves,
remember what they had to do for televisions.
That it's mandatory that the V-chip be installed in all television sets so that
that you can block programs above a certain rating if you want to.
So that way parents could still leave their kids unattended and the TV does the babysitting for them.
The only problem with that is the parents are half stupid about even they can't even work the VCR
at the time and the kids have already figured a way to hack around the VTIMS.
I'm not going to disagree with you there.
But I bet you anything as a result of this, it's going to be required in these next-gen systems
that they do some similar type of...
I really crazy they already have that it's already in the PlayStation 2
it's already on the PSP it's already on the Xbox they're pre-programmed in there
but guess what nobody knows about it because exactly because they don't
they're not responsible parents just like you know even if this game is adults
only kids are still going to be playing it because their dumbass parents
go and buy it for them you know what I hope happens
here's what I hope happens the game gets rated adults only fuck it let's do
whatever the fuck we want
I want to have it where the main character goes and rapes babies, and it sets people on fire.
Fuck it, you know what? I can do it now because it is an adults-only game.
So fuck you, can't say shit, adults only.
You just make a game that says, fuck your children, this is adults only.
I want to be able to ride around in a car that has a collective of child heads lined up on the front of the car for the grill,
and also have a rocket launcher that fires chickens butt-first out of it
towards little old ladies that are carrying groceries and if you happen to knock one old lady
into another and her head gets stuck up to her butt, you get a bonus score
wow
uh...
but look
here's the problem though with the AO you know we're going to have this adults only orgy
of games now
the thing is is that the targets uh... not really the targets but they're
are a part of it. The Walmarts of the world, the Best Buys of the world, the Game Stops
and... Oh, don't even get me started on stupid fucking Walmarts. All these stores, all the
big stores are going to pull, they're not going to have these games because they're
the equivalent of porn. So the only way you're going to ever find these AO games is in the
back room of some video clearance center run down shack. Hey, time for the mom and pops
to come back. You know, what if these big store chains don't want to carry the hot games
out there with people, go to other places and find them. That's what the Internet's
for. It's a wired world out there.
Exactly. Fuck Walmart.
Who cares? No one buys games anymore anyways. They're always pirating them off the internet.
You can probably end up buying them out of vending machines in Japan.
Yeah, so I want to buy an adults only game right next to being able to buy beer and sweaty
girls panties. Shit, I'm out of beer.
can't say we necessarily disagree with you you've got you bring an interesting
perspective to it and I'll tell you what you you should be a game designer because
I think the the raping grandma game or whatever you had here going on here was
pretty hot and I'd buy it raping grandmas three with the new raccoon tail
power-up it's the grandma game cuz you could fuck grandma across the Oregon
all right here
you just want to work in the words oregon trail into the show didn't you
and i don't really want to let you know you're right
that that the game that you're talking about
public separate two thousand
actually yes it does
can you imagine it yet
can you imagine do you can you imagine the grandma game though where they've
got you know
all here's grandma number one it's a mod and uh...
Hey, Grandma Maude, answer this question. You gotta flash your titties.
Whoa, whoa, okay, that's what the one instance I agree against porn.
You say Maude, and I think of Bea Arthur now.
So that's scary, because she had that show.
And then you have the movie Airheads, it's like, I want naked pictures of Bea Arthur.
And it's like, no you don't, no you don't.
All right, all kidding aside, you bring up some good points, Reznor,
and uh... i hope america's listening
uh... long live u s a all right now
uh... any other final thoughts for us
uh... now i'll save it for the f-use sounds good to me thank you for being a
friend
okay have a good one
uh...
you're the kind of thing we encourage
and i'm not the real and then just let's into the uh...
one more call
higher on all of us radio
Loki for president, please. I nominate Loki for president. That was just awesome.
Oh, come on. His ego doesn't need any more of that, please.
Hey, you could be vice president, Doc Sucker could be the first lady.
No, I'm the need dictator.
I'm the Illuminati!
Jamie would be evil dictator of the country that would start
World War III with Loki's country. That's kind of how it would work, so...
Right now, I want her and Hillary Clinton in a ring, three minutes, no polls,
No TQ match, that's what I want.
I keep taking out the brass knucks and breaking her face.
Wow! I'm glad this is uncensored radio, because we could get an AO right now.
Bitch, no you didn't!
Fuck that bullshit, just bring it on.
I was going to say, I was going to run that clip again.
Loki, what do you think about running for president? Oh, it's so fun.
But, um, I'm too lazy to queue up the clip again.
So, what else is on your mind, my friend?
This is Ron John, by the way, and a lot of crazy things have been happening to me the last couple of days, the last two, three days.
Like, what kinds of crazy things, like...
I didn't forget it. I was going to make a sitcom reference or something. Forget it.
What kinds of crazy things?
Let's say I might order a package for a friend of mine for a birthday gift. It shows up the day after the party.
Um, my family just went into utter turmoil right now, so...
Oh, I'm sorry to hear that.
Oh, you don't know how...oh, well, I'll probably PM you that later, but um...
Okay.
On the good side, I just found out there's going to be an anime con in Sacramento this weekend.
I heard about some anime con that's going to be at the mall or something, right?
Oh, goody! Not that one again!
I sent Jamie the information already.
You know what? Remember the last time?
I saw the email and then I got bombarded, so, sorry.
It's okay.
Remember the last time I went to that thing?
I'm afraid of anime cons in a mall.
It was okay. It was basically a bunch of vendors getting together to sell shit. I mean, it was okay.
The typical sunrise fest.
The video room was the old McDonald's that is converted into, like, every store possible.
That was pretty funny, I have to admit.
Anime Cons of the Mall, I got you beat. My anime cosplay club had like a little picnic in Central Park last weekend.
We came across another cosplaying group known as the Naruto Crack Crew.
They came in full Naruto cosplay gear and we're just staring at them.
Wow, that's awesome.
I mean, I wore my forehead protector and that was it.
I mean, no more Naru tarts, please. God, no.
Wow, um, we might go check out the con. My only problem is that I'm actually flying out
to the East Coast on Sunday, which I think is the day that the majority of the con is
taking place, so I don't know if I personally can go, but maybe my esteemed co-presenters
can go. Go where?
I'll think about it. The, the, um, the anime con at the mall. Go hand out flyers for our
show. I'll go buy a pretzel, because I like their
There you go. There you go.
Get me a box of tofu.
Are you still meeting me when I come out to the East Coast?
Yes, a few of my friends are going to get together after the tournament. We want to drag you off to a diner.
Sounds good to me.
Yeah.
Alright, as long as I'm back at the East now, because I do have to work the next day, but yes, I do that.
It's a full problem.
Alright.
We'll keep the alcohol to a minimum, okay?
Sounds good to me, because I have a low tolerance.
Alright.
Excellent.
Anything else you want to share with us today?
Can I get a request of Let's Groove, my tips and tricks, please?
I will try and work it in a little later.
Sweet.
Send me a private message so I don't forget.
I will.
All right.
Later, my friend.
Later.
Bye-bye.
All right.
Good calls tonight, boys and girls.
We appreciate...
We like our intelligent listeners.
This is what really motivates us to do what we do here.
All right.
And now something that takes no intelligence whatsoever.
The Orange Lounge Radio Cage Match.
In tonight's cage match, three songs will do battle.
Whoops, where'd Halleck go?
There we go.
Three songs will do battle in tonight's cage match.
Last week's winner, you get a clip of it,
two brand new songs.
Your votes in the chat room at orangeloungeradio.com,
clicking on chat, will determine the winner.
And the winning song goes into rotation all week long
on Orange Lounge Radio Live,
the London Music and More program.
All right, first up we get last week's winner,
last week in the Orange Lounge Cage Match,
a very interesting spin on a 70s classic one
and it was kind of one of those moments
where Dark Soccer and I went, huh?
But you guys voted for it.
You voted for Loki's pick of Ozzy Osbourne
with Stayin' Alive, so it comes back
as song number one this week.
Here's a clip, Ozzy Osbourne, Stayin' Alive.
It's alright, it's okay
We may go the other way
But we can't fight, we want the same
Cause we don't tried to make the man
It's alright, it's okay
I'll let you see us navigate
But we can't fight, we want the same
It's your time to think of me
All right, that was song number one in tonight's cage match. Ozzy Osbourne was staying alive.
All right, song number two in tonight's cage match. We're going to do my pick for song
number two. And I've decided to pick this group. It's somebody I got turned on to by
a friend who just saw them live recently. And I went and downloaded some of their stuff
on iTunes and I really dug it. So I wanted to share one of their songs with you guys.
They have one of those funny foreign names. I think they're Icelandic. So I might mispronounce
the band name and I if I do I apologize you know all those Icelandic bands have
a really funny names like Bjork no it's Bjork but it's actually pronounced
Bjork but everybody says Bjork and then there's what Sigurjós and all those
bands too Sigurjós or whatever Figaro oh my god they should have like all
the Icelandic bands do like one song together not all three of them not to
make fun of Icelandic bands because there's actually some pretty kick-ass
music from Iceland. It's just funny names. So anyway, this band is Royksop, and the song
is called Only This Moment, and it's song number two in tonight's cage match. Enjoy.
Nothing else there, no one to guide us Lost in the senses, deep down inside
I'm inside, I know I'm about to die
We are lost in confusion Feelings of the skin of the ocean
In the end, she'll stay on the sidewalk
On the sidewalk
Stay your forever girl
Play all you never know
We're heaven-denided, you can't deny us It's all you've been waiting for
Okay, stay your forever kind Play your never mind
Your spirit's divided, you will desire It's the more you've been waiting for
I held in my head, held in my heart, and was raised by the voice of the nature
Feeling and facing everything exactly I do understand
Finding love is a path of again
Voices within me expressing the last thought of creation exactly
I might think it was cross-hairs, but might lose it by taking the chance
And so I'm not here about pain, it's just a video
Okay
We'll be the most conscious together
Close to perfection
We'll be the thing that I'll say
Always be the trust in my senses
Do you know what I'm saying?
We'll be so fine
We'll be the most conscious together
Close to perfection
All right, that was song number two in tonight's cage match.
That was Roiksop with Only This Moment.
Let's see if the other folks in the room liked it or didn't.
Dark Sakura.
I liked it, but it was probably something I'd listen to if I was trying to go to sleep
or like working on a picture or something.
very good oh it gets me Loki actually kind of like that I would give it any as
well Jonas explicit I'll give it like an 8.5 on this one I actually like the
tunes kind of like you might be back in the 8-bit days because of those tunes
yeah that's how I like about it it makes me feel relaxed and stuff it gives up a
bad day very cool usually I would give that song a 9.5 but because the band has
a hard to pronounce name, I'm giving it a 9. I'm docking it a half point for a crazy
name. I don't care if it has cultural relevance. Shame shame. It's all good, don't worry. Alright.
What song are you putting in the Cage Match tonight, Dark Sakura? It's a song we freaking
should have had in rotation a long time ago, which I was afraid it already was. We have
a different version, like a different mix. Like the crap version. Yeah. I am a big fan
of the best move series I always have been I can kick anybody's asses on this
game challenge me I swear I will own you I challenge you you know I'll own you I
challenge you on air duel on the first one I used to have all the commands
memorized I would play without them Wow on on a bust of well for me it was
busted grooved because I was raised on the u.s. one that is what I played
non-stop before DDR so I think we would probably have to do like we would just
get perfect scores all the time it would be it would be a tough match over that
way all right um anyway this is from the first one it's kitty ends theme song
from the Japanese one so it's the good version and that the one trying to sound
like the real McCoy it's I forgot who exactly was a singer on it but it was it
It actually made top 10 in the charts in Japan, from what I understand, and it's a big Avextrax song, so, uh, it's, uh, I'll show it in a knife.
Alright, here it is. Song number three. It's an ice cage match.
Oh
Uchi, shikare, denmo, nakana, yoyo, ni, menure, ri, ri, yoyo, ni
Boi, asmaruto ni nishino shimonaku
Well, where did, where did Hollick go?
Here it is.
There we go.
That was weird.
Sorry guys.
That was song number three in tonight's cage match.
You might know that song from Busted Move, Kitty N's stage, but we're calling it by Avex,
it's Aosora no Night, Dark Sakura, what do you think?
And actually, it was pointed out to me that the file actually ripped wrong with the name,
it's Aozora.
Oh.
But, at any rate, yeah, I love that song, I've loved that song forever, it gets an 11.
Alright, Loki.
it was 11, but it was okay. I mean, I'd give it a 7. I mean, it sounds just like the original
one to me. It is the original one. It sounds like the English one, okay? It doesn't matter.
It's okay. It's just okay. Jonas, I don't see the big difference between the English
version too much, but except that the Japanese is a little better, but I would say it's 8.
I like that song a lot. I wish we had had that version of it in our bus to move, but
we didn't but it's getting it's kind of I don't know it's kind of old that's the
only thing it has really going against it is that song's kind of been out a
while but it's still a good song I give it an 8 as well all right let's recap
the three songs you kids can vote for tonight in the cage match and then you
can place your votes so let's start it off with a song number one you can vote
for tonight is Ozzy Osbourne with staying alive
And song number two you can vote for tonight is Royce Scopp with Only This Moment.
And song number three you can vote for tonight is Avex with Pronounce This For Me, Jamie.
Thank you.
Alright, please vote now. Send a private message to Skye in the chat room with
your vote and we'll tally him up and let you know who the wiener is.
Loki, this is usually the part of the show where I ask you what's going on in the sim scene as if
you're paying any attention to it.
I am paying attention to it. I check Bomani's sale
every day. Okay. From where
We already talked about Trinity Mix and how we don't care.
Yeah, last Trinity Mix, in case you missed it last week,
is coming out pretty soon.
Get your files in if you really want to participate.
And then that's on ddrei.com.
And then, of course, the DDROSC competition, the
psychopath edition, which is all funny files, that was
judged and I think is over with.
and nothing else going on
familiar maybe we should be going to join us for the fifth day i think that
came out a while ago
i believe
to mix you
he doesn't know
he doesn't know all right kids cheese
you retired from the same scene
You're not making your crazy ass simp files?
There is a guy that actually posted a song file that said that he made it, I think it was a max remix, that said by Xplicit.
What the hell?
Serious?
I don't make this up.
Interesting, uh...
Interesting, I remember this before someone sent, like, two simp files in to be my style, and...
Ah, but I gotta hammer them too hard, so...
Except we got some...
Well, I can't say the word noob.
Who's that someone else but the put a name explicit alpha?
Because I'm explicit gamma on the be my install is that some guy named explicit alphas and a follicle
Legend of transfer doesn't for hello. That's the same person. I just have
various alpha Beta Gamma Delta Ana was next
That is all
All right while I'm tallying up the cage match votes over here
Why don't you fill us in on some of the other lovely programming we have here on Orange
Launch Radio.
At least the one other show we have right now.
One other show.
On Tuesdays, pre-show starting at a quarter to seven, show starting at seven thirty.
That's Pacific time for everybody else.
We have Pump Up the Volume, which is a music request show in theory, although I pretty
much just submit, you know, everybody the whatever I want to play for them.
It goes on to about ten thirty.
And I'd like to catch everybody up on This Week in Max Remixes.
Starting with Maximum, with three X's, by mochi13, we have Max300, the MSG remix, by fearofthedragon, Requiem for Max, Max100, MaxTakedown, MaxRelord...
Why re-lord? What the hell? That doesn't make any sense.
Re-lord, okay, max cremation, max dominator.
Ummm, zephyr, max speedmix,
max frances, and max 300 period, max hold.
Stop.
Just, just stop people. But there's one though, I swear.
And I know it's one I downloaded just to check it out. Let's see what it was.
Max Takedown. And they say that the friend says,
This is a version of Max that my friend Explicit made.
What the hell?
Wow.
Wow. Just wow. There's only one Explicit.
The one and only, I guess. With three X's, or what?
Yeah, three X's. And it's with a Z, not a C.
Which is interesting, I gotta check this out.
In a way, just because I'm curious.
But now, but then, speaking of that, something brought up the idea of
The Legend of Vertex.
Because they try to fuse In the Groove and DDR together, so that
they come up with this. Actually, I found this great new remix of Max recently.
It's a really good max mix.
This is a good max mix, huh?
Oh wait, I'm just kidding. That's Energizer from In the Group 2.
That joke never gets old.
Alright.
Let's go to the cage match winner, shall we?
You want to know who won tonight's cage match?
You can't handle who won tonight's cage match!
Why not?
Alright, the winner in tonight's cage match.
Very, very close.
battle tonight, but in the end, one song squeaked by to win it, and it's the song from BustaMove.
Who knew that there were so many fanboys and fangirls in there for BustaMove? Very, very
close with the Royscoff song, though. Very, very close. Which is unusual for my song to
get that many votes, so. Damn you, Dark Sakura. Damn you to heck.
It never sounds better.
I know.
It's all right.
I won't take it personally.
Let's go to a break, shall we?
I promised a break.
Hi.
Can we break things?
I unlocked the first picture in this wonderful game I'm playing.
That this is the one.
I'm playing Gals Panic.
No, I'm not playing Gals Panic.
I'm playing Peek-a-boo-pooker for the NES, one of the few adult games.
Is that like Bubble Bath Babes?
Made by the same company.
Anyways, it says, hi, I'm Full House Francine.
Are you feeling lucky tonight? Want to fill up my house?
And this is like the worst graphics in the world.
This is what they need to be coming after.
These really sick games for the Nintendo Entertainment System.
Bad Nintendo.
Alright.
We're going to go to a break, you guys, and this song here, we're going to start it off
with a special dedication.
This is Let's Groove from DDR Max, and Ron Chan wanted to hear this one, so we're dedicating
it to him. And here it is. Enjoy.
Alright, let's just go
Stand up, stand up, stand up, alright
Let's just go, how do we do
Alright, alright, alright
Let's just go, stay in shoes
We should stand up alright, alright
Oh
I just know it's real Don't you want to see it again?
I'm going to go back into reality
I'm very jealous of this statistic
I've decided to let it go
I've decided to let it go
I want to live, I want to live, I want to live the way I've been on and on for a long, long time.
No matter how far I go, I'll be your friend on every day.
I'll be your friend.
Mr. Random Person on the Street, who by the way is not an actor, what do you think of
the Orange Drowned Spam on a music and more show?
The music is like being transported to just this dancing spaceship place.
It's unearthly.
like being in a club except you don't have to, you know, actually ask someone to dance.
Hi, we're back here on Orange Lounge Radio. We're going to get into the FUs of the week very soon so
you kids might want to start sending in your angst over private message and we'll get to those. Try
to keep them short tonight though because there's a lot of active people participating in the show
now. We had a lot of cage match votes tonight so that means that the FUs are going to need to be
somewhat short so if you send me a long one I'm going to cut it up. Jonas, that goes double for
you. I know you haven't been here in a while. I know you got some stored up. Are you going to cut
cut it up like they cut me up in the interview? Yes, I will cut you up just like they cut
up Loki's interview. Remember, I cut myself in with two beats of titties. Alright, yeah,
that's right. Alright, moving on. First, before we get to the FUs of the Week, though, Loki
wanted me to talk about this because he's like, Rob, you have to talk about this story
I posted, so fine. DJ Maxx, it's his Korean online rhythm music game and it's going to
be coming out for the PSP. Tell us a little more about DJ Maxx, Loki. DJ Maxx was by the
The creators of Easy to DJ, those may not remember, Easy to DJ was the actual competitor
for Beatmania out there.
It was five key with turntables, kind of set up like Beatmania 2DX where the turntables
are on the outside.
Also had foot pedals on it, just like Beatmania 3.
So this game's coming out now, DJ Maxx, it's only five key, I believe it's only five key
and no turntable, no actually I take that back, seven key, no turntable.
But the songs are awesome, they're by the same artist that we're in, Easy to DJ, and
the quality is just really good.
It's an online game right now, but it is coming, well they have a cell phone version I guess,
but this one's coming to the PSP.
Is it going to suck as much as like Beatmania on Game Boy?
I don't think so.
I think the way they can do it, because it's just five key presses, so I'm sure they can
map it out in some way that'll make sense.
They should do the type of thing where you can turn it like on its side, so you can see
the notes coming down better. That would be kind of neat.
They did that on Wonderswan. See, that would be cool.
They might be. It doesn't look like the way they set it up because it's going to be set
up with your play field on the left-hand side of the screen and video on the right.
So, I think what they could do, though, is have add-on peripherals for it because by
that time, I'm sure they will already have the PSP keyboard because that's going to be
coming out with version 2.0 of the firmware, which is, what, next week.
Is that the white PSP coming out at that same time too?
No, the white PSP is coming out in September.
It will be built in with firmware 2.0.
Didn't you say you were going to buy two just so you could have your old emulator PSP?
Yeah, I wanted to buy two just because of that, because I'm curious to see what I want
to do is if the PSP looks like it can download files, and if it can download audio files,
it can download our podcast.
If it can download our podcast, I'm going to make a PSP page where you can download
The podcast will be formatted for the PSP and whatnot, special content, that type of thing.
Interesting.
So, but this looks really cool.
First, like, rhythm music game that I think is coming, well, unless you count Luminous,
but that's not really a rhythm music game.
It's more of a puzzle game.
But this is going to be coming out, no word on yet what's coming over here.
If it's coming out over here, you know, in Korea, though, and they've announced it on their website,
so we'll just have to wait.
but looks cool so far from the video I've seen.
Alrighty.
Let's get into the FUs of the week. It's our chance to get a little bit
angry because we have a lot of anger built up inside ourselves, as you saw
Loki earlier in the program.
Um, alright.
DarkSakura,
this is all happening because of you. This was all your idea, your
your big evil empire that you've built since episode one.
Why is it that we have to do these FUs of the week every single week?
go
humongous
at the ages
per step you that microphone
fucking up again
what the horse after a place to dampen contract net what about my plan i bought
we could always sub that in
yeah i will have a look
It's right there behind you.
Is it plugged in?
No, I can just take the top off of it.
First you have to go through technical difficulties.
Hold on a sec.
There we go. Much better.
Bye bye, piece of shit microphone!
Anyway, F you to the microphone. F you to work.
Specifically, and now keep in mind,
I bore my co-workers, my boss is pretty cool, but just a good manager should not let their
stress bleed onto their employees, right?
That's been happening.
And I have been getting all stressed out at work, and it's not good if I get all stressed
out.
Thursday I went home sick with a combination of fatigue, low blood sugar, and a pretty
high level of stress.
I ended up having a venti green tea frappuccino, which I finished in twice the time Dan finished
his, and I still let down at 9 o'clock and didn't wake up until 2, when he came home
with his new car, which is a model up to mine and brand new, but my car still looks better.
I digress.
That's really it, really it, and also, oh yeah, as to how expensive the furniture we
want is, okay I'm done.
Alright, let's move on to Loki's FUs of the Week.
Yeah, uh, it's so fun.
Um, the first FUs of the Week goes to KCRA3.
Okay, now, I have to preface this with, um, the fact Brian, the interviewer, alright, he was great.
Okay, the reporter was awesome, the cameraman was awesome.
Just whoever edited the damn thing, not awesome, okay?
They really need to learn we're better than heat, okay?
okay so no plug they fucking suck for that and the fact that they cut this
like really stupid clip of me talking saying it's so fun you know don't even
put me in it at all okay cuz at least I don't look like a fucking idiot thank
you very much I'm definitely gonna have some written contract for the next
person interviews us there's gonna be some serious issues huh anyways so fuck
you to that. Fuck you stupid people that are driving too damn slow, especially people from
Arizona. Like this woman today, uh, it was like, I don't even remember what it was, it
was like, like, old, old toot or something like that, is what the license plate said.
It was just like, you know, old fart or something, old toot, you know, I'm like, okay, so I think
it was actually this old guy. When we drove by him, the guy looked like he was a corpse
This is what you do, you tell them it's a health hazard.
They'll be on it fast!
I'd like to give an F you to 12 hour work days like the one I had on Friday. That kind of sucks because I came home and I napped for a long time and then I was ended up staying up to like four in the morning because my sleep schedule was just all screwed up. So, but don't get me wrong. I love my job. Just I could do without the 12 hour work days. If I could do my job eight hours evenly every day, I'd be fine. So if I could do my job eight hours, I'd be fine.
So, oh well, I guess it comes with the territory.
And F.U. to the fact that I have to travel soon, because I'm going to miss being here
for two weeks, and it's just going to, it makes it hard to do a podcast
every single week when I'm not going to be here and trying to do a three hour show
as well, you know, I'd like to be here for that. So, general angst
to leaving and then going to an area that's going to be, you know,
it's not like I'm going to Disneyland, people.
oh well, it comes with the territory. Um, and then, um, an F you to the fact that when
I tried to play 2DX 6 style and 3rd style earlier this week, they wouldn't work with
my component cables for some reason. I can't figure out if that's a resolution thing or
what the hell is going on. So F you to me being a technological idiot when it comes
to the new TV. But otherwise, um, I love my new TV. It's so pretty. Um, oh, and F you
to how bad I suck at Halo 2. That's all. Moving on to the one and only explicit. Alright,
I'll keep it quick and quick summaries, alright? FU to the whole adults only for GTA, like
everybody already mentioned a while ago, and the fact that the ESRB is gonna kill sales
for all those M or AO games. Look what you did. And FU goes to the neighbors for blaming
neighbors for blaming us for killing their plants over water issues. First of all, we
didn't spill any water or leak any water out of nowhere. Second of all, is it even our
house that was leaking water? And if he goes to the spot being broken still, I still get
a hot tub massage. And if he goes to my tail bump being all fucked up, I gotta check on
I gotta go check on the doctor for that one.
And Epic goes to Manfay on Anime Expo.
Oh my god, Manfay is back?
Yes, he is back.
I saw Manfay at FanaMe a few years ago.
A guy who cosplays as Faye, and he's really hairy.
And I don't mean hairy as in scary, although yeah he is scary, but I mean hairy as in covered in fur like a bear.
fair.
Surprisingly, he didn't get arrested, but he's banned from Anime Expo, but he's almost
mooned and stuck his ass up with my friend who tried to tag on his shoe.
I've only ever once seen good cosplay as in a guy cosplaying a girl, and that was a really
pretty pretty guy cosplaying Utena from the movie.
A pretty guy.
a really pretty guy.
Who's to blame here?
Uh, let's see. In Fv2, stupid little kid just stepped on my foot.
It might be really this big.
And...
I'm not gonna make a comment.
And, because I want to make sure I don't get cut off, I'll say do be continuous.
Actually, one more, there's one more.
Uh, and if, a big, a big, if it goes to the whole tournament drama that was leading to the, to the pit tournament.
Oh yeah, you wanted to ban some guy, that didn't make me happy.
I was, yeah, I couldn't, even though I couldn't, in a, in a bad way, it damaged my reputation in a way.
Well not you, don't take it personally, it's not you, it's the other guy.
He needs to go out, he needs to be publicly spanked.
He might like that though.
I wonder what's going to happen in the tournament. That's all I want to know.
You know I got to back Toady up, no matter what happens.
I know the band decision was uncalled for.
That's why I put everything up to make sure in a peaceful manner.
Drama!
Alright. It's cool. It'll be cool.
Alright, let's move on to the chatroom FUs, shall we?
And somebody said that this song is so horrid that I had to use this as the background music.
Let's say Misty wants to say an F.U. to the USB reader on the In the Groove 2, not responding to my card or any other card that was tried.
Hope it's a problem that can be fixed with just a reboot.
Sakarina says F.U. to the retard who let my 9 year old brother play Grand Theft Auto San Andreas.
Acer800 says F.U. to the AC not working for a month and my mom getting mad at me for listening to the F.U.s last week.
it's not a children's program not saying you're a child but that's only just buy
headphones okay if you're gonna listen to our naughty language also we have
Reznor says a nice fuck you to come shots being more risque than shooting
someone in the ass with a hand cannon
Sakura sin says f you to Nintendo for not making any good puzzle games lately
to keep me busy.
Hello, did you play Meteos?
Well, I realize Nintendo didn't make that,
but Meteos is very cool.
I've gotta recommend that.
Illusion says, F you to cutting my gums a few minutes ago,
and now they're bleeding.
And Ron Chan says, F you to the post office.
It was supposed to come Friday,
but it came Saturday and I had left.
Fuck you.
Oh, and F you to me running out of space on my hard drive.
That's it for our angsty chat room F yous.
Yay, all right.
I wasn't even inked enough, but OK.
No, it was kind of light on the angst tonight.
It was angst light, diet angst tonight.
That's all right.
OK, what we're going to do now, I
think we're going to go ahead and go to another break.
Doo doo doo doo doo.
We'll make this a quick break.
Someone wanted to hear.
There were some songs that folks wanted to hear,
and I've already forgot what some of them were.
I think someone wanted to hear System Romance.
So I'm going to get to System Romance, uh, and I'll get into another song that somebody
else wanted to hear.
Mmm.
What?
Last Message.
You want to hear Last Me- Fine, we'll get to Last Message.
We're going to make this a short break, because we're looking for questions for Ask Orange
Lounge.
That's right, it's time to Ask Orange Lounge, or tonight you can ask Jonas as well if you
want to.
Like, what the hell is that medal that you're wearing around your neck?
That's what I want to know.
Do y'all see this, uh, spinner?
It's a spinner?
This is what I got from the WWE event. It's the spinner from John Cena.
Hey, you can't see me. Obfuscate.
If anyone has ever played live action vampire,
his little waving his hand in front of his face thing is also the obfuscate action.
For live action vampire. Oh wow. So, you can't see me.
Oh, that was the other request. Somebody wanted to hear something from Silent Hills.
So how about instead we hear some You're Not Here. Is that acceptable to our Sakura?
Um, okay. Okay.
You gonna be okay?
OKAY!
Alright, so we'll get to that. We'll be back after this with more Orange Lounge Radio.
Oh I hope you're ready to go
I hope you're ready to go
I hope you're ready to go
I hope you're ready to go
You've got to do it forever
The grain drops, broken the wind is dead
And it would be a much better flight
If you hadn't let me, I'd be fine on my own, baby
Never felt so lonely then you came along
So now what should I do?
I'm strung out, addicted to you
My body aches, now that you're gone
My supply fell through
Glad they gave me everything you had and more
It craves my happiness
When you made me feel joy and made you smile
But now I feel your stress
Love was never meant to be such a crazy affair, no
And who has time but you?
Never thought I'd sit around and unravel your love
Oh hi, dead air because I forgot to put in a promo there.
We're back.
Listen to Orange Laund Radio or we eat your liver.
There you go.
There you go, that's a good promo.
Good enough for me.
Alright, we're going to get into a little segment now where we let you guys control
the show and ask us whatever you want within reason though people within
reason please don't ask about our naughty bits because we're not going to
talk about those well at least I don't feel like talking about mine but who
knows who knows what kind of mode we're in all right here we go
that's going to launch time let's ask orange lounge some stupid question what
will we find out this week on orange lounge radio what will the court chat
will it be a g-rated question? I really hope so, because this show's already too much AO.
Ha, that was cool.
Ah, da-da-da-da-da-da. Let's see, uh, Tomo-kun wants to know,
why was 180 mode pissed away on Para-para dancing and not in Para-para paradise?
I'm assuming that's when you can turn around and do Para Para the other way?
So people can actually watch you doing the dancing?
I didn't play enough Para Para to follow that stuff, I have to admit.
I thought it was cute for like a week, but...
Do you know anything about that?
No.
Oh.
I don't know.
You know, sometimes they just take modes out.
But if you look up, aren't there only sensors on the front part of it?
Don't they not have sensors on the back part of a Para Para machine?
I don't remember.
no they don't but you could probably put one there you can mount it I guess you
could flip it around if you wanted to but you know oh well sorry don't know
enough about part part answer your question boy do we suck or what moving
on you know this question is pretty much setting us up to drop the clip again you
know that right illusion basically wanted to know what is Loki think of sex
What song was playing during Exquisite's FUs?
I think I recognized it, but I'm not sure because I hardly heard it.
The song that was playing during Explicit's FUs was EVO66 from 2DX Red.
That's the song we had.
This is the worst part, there we go, here we go.
That was the song that was playing, Wall 5, 2DX Red.
I thought it was an appropriate FU song.
I didn't even know there was a background where I was assigned to FUs.
All right, RainbowsInTheNight wants to know,
how can I fix my metal dance pad from Red Octane?
Half of the up arrow works, and the back arrow doesn't work at all.
Red Octane was all like, take it to a TV repairman.
Problem being, I'm broke.
Any suggestions?
I've already disassembled and cleaned it.
Same problems.
The closest ER machine is 40 minutes away on an interstate,
because Virginia's pretty lame.
Help would be nice.
Well, Loki, you built your own metal pads before.
What do you think TV repair man? What the hell? I'm not TV. That's kind of weird back to them
It's their own fucking pad. They should fix it. I don't know
Well now how did how did the sensors work in a metal pad at least you get a metal pad depends most likely
It's just going to be contacts in there
And if half the up arrow works or whatever probably half the contacts or something broke or something or fell off
I haven't really looked at their metal pads. I've taken apart crappy metal pads, and that's the way they work, but
it. I don't know. How long has he had it? Well, we don't know. I can ask how long he's
had it. I would ask, I mean, honestly, if you buy it from Red Octane, isn't there, like,
some sort of, like, return policy or something? Yeah, you gotta assume it's past return policy
time, though, if he's asking this. Oh, he says, out of warranty and yes, contacts. So,
he's saying, so, my first suggestion would be clean the contacts, and he says he's disassembled
and cleaned it. So, does that just mean one of his contacts is broken and he's shit out
It's not necessarily context, it'd be a loose wire or something also.
Mmm, that's a good thought too.
What, Jonas? Give him a mic.
Usually if you clean up the whole thing, it's usually not that case.
I've seen vendors actually try fixing this.
You have to check if one of the wires is burnt or anything like that.
So in what case is he absolutely screwed? How would this guy know if he's just screwed
and he shouldn't even bother wasting his time?
Because the shit could have just broke, and that's the sad thing.
I can't answer that question unless he tells you how long he has it, how many...
Yeah, it's just Christmas, he says.
And how many times have you been playing the game, like how many songs?
Well, you can assume if there's no DDR machine nearby, it's probably quite a bit.
Because, yeah, all I can say is that the paths don't last that long.
I guess the best answer we can come up with is that it sounds like you already kind of have an idea how to fix this thing
thing because you've opened it up and you've cleaned it so it's probably not a
whole lot else we could tell you except take a look at the wiring and make sure
you don't have any loose connections going from the contacts to the actual
like what do they call that where they all the it all comes together towards
the top whatever but check your wiring and but if a wire has shorted or burned
out is really not a whole lot short of replacing the wire that you're going to
be able to do which is something you probably don't want to try doing
yourself.
Yeah, you don't want to waste too much time on it, but usually it's just to get a new
pad because it's basically worn out. Wait, what games have you been playing, though?
Well, assuming it's DDR or some...
You mean, like, it's DDR and In the Groove as well, that use the same pads?
Well, but it wouldn't matter.
Yeah, I can understand if In the Groove ruined those pads.
Stop it.
It's such a horrible game. It's like, I can't take it.
Stop it. He says he plays every day about three to four hours a day on heavy mode, so
I think you've probably just beat that pad to death.
the sad thing is those red octane pads don't last forever
well I mean honestly if it's just like a metal pad or something
the contacts in it, I'm sure there's ways that you can mod them and upgrade them
just there's a whole thread on
DDR Freak about modding, fixing, doing stuff to your metal pads
just go there. Take a look there, ask a question there, see if they can help you
over on the Freak
otherwise make red octane give you a better answer because that's a shitty
answer they gave you so you should email them again
And tell them the people on the radio said that they gave you a shitty answer.
Get that person fired. I can't say that, really.
That's the best thing that we can give you guys. Sorry.
Alright. Acer800 wants to know
who would win in an actual cage match? Loki, Dark Sakura, or me, Sky?
Good question. Dark Sakura, who would win in an actual cage match between the three of us?
I would. Why? Because I exercise regularly, lift weights,
And I've taken karate.
I've got that killing urge. Yeah, but that's when you need to be sloppy and make mistakes.
I've got a lot of smarts up here. I could... I'd make you two...
See, I would make Loki and Dark Sakura beat up on each other while I just kinda watch.
No. And then that way I save my strength. I'd use you as a bludgeoning tool.
Yeah, we'll see about that one.
Honestly, Ace800? That was kinda fun. We would not know the answer to that one
unless we actually tried it, which maybe we'll do one of these days, as a ratings stunt.
Reznor wants to know, what's the status on the old school show?
The old school show was supposed to launch a couple weeks ago, and I'm really sorry it
hasn't happened yet.
A decision was made on the staff that we want to make it not just 8-bit music, but 16-bit
16-bit music as well, and I've just been so freaking busy that I haven't had the time
to update the 16-bit music as well, so I'm going to try and get on that this week, because,
yeah, so I will, I'll keep you posted on that. I definitely want it to happen before summer's
over, hopefully before August gets here, so I will work just for you on the 16-bit stuff
this week, okay? Promise. Alright, moving on.
sakarina wants to know can you make an mp3 of that ask orange lounge song
actually it's a song called journey to the wonderland by and pb and it's in
keyboard mania too
if you want a clip of me actually singing it
uh... asap every week is different
and uh... bumblebee disguise we fix
oh my god that's all
i think i played it like a couple weeks ago
very very old
You actually played it on your show?
Several times. Bitch.
And Sakarina also wants to know if we could play the actual Silent Hill because I
fucked up last break. He wanted to hear the actual song Silent Hill
and not the um... a song from Silent Hill.
So my bad.
Uh... here's... we're running out of time on the show so here's a clip.
All right, that's all you get. Sorry. We're already short on time.
Tomokun wanted to make a point just to follow up. Yes, ParaParadancer did have sensors on
the back as well. Well, that's why ParaParadise didn't have the 180MO, because they didn't
have sensors on the back. Probably a cost-cutting thing, honestly. That's my best answer.
Neodude wants to know, what do you guys think about the Konami Red Octane Rock Sword Mad
Cats lawsuit?
Didn't we talk about that a few weeks ago?
We kind of did talk about it a few weeks ago on the show.
I'm going to assume that we've got a new listener on our hands, which is cool.
Hi, welcome to the show.
Hope you enjoy.
But there have been a few recent developments, and the chat can sometimes sway your mind.
What do you think?
Loki, what's your latest perspective on this?
Although I already know what you're going to say.
latest perspective on this is you know Konami's within their rights you know
through this because you know these companies are making you know crappy
games and well not necessarily crappy games they're they're making games
obviously are too much like DDR I mean they're just trying to like kind of get
people like oh hey you like DDR then you'll like this almost like DDR game
and you know when it comes down to it it's just an inferior product just like
those Apple products and um... Hey! You know that they were having a huge debate in the
chat room before this started and it simmered down and I was hoping they would shut up already
about the Apple versus PC thing, but no, you had to go in over your big fat mouth and bring
up the Apple thing again. This is because you don't know how to use it. Exactly. Oh
that's right. On! Where's your on button? How do I upgrade this thing? Oh that's right,
it's all built together. Stop it. They, oh, somebody wanted... I've upgraded Macs before.
wanted me to point out that there is, now I don't have the exact thing, but I'm sure
somebody will say this, but there is a way you can customize Macs more than you think.
They were saying this store somewhere.
No.
I have opened up Macs before and changed out their memory, changed out the hard drives,
put in new graphics cards.
Yeah, you can upgrade a Mac the same way you can a PC.
No matter what you do, they're still in for you.
and you're talking out of your ass.
Can't we just all get along?
Isn't there room for-
As soon as he stops talking out of his ass
and actually talks about something he knows about, maybe.
Wait, now that we're not on the contrary with Konami, Rockstar, and Red Octane Maggots,
what would happen with this Neon FM game since-
It's nothing like DDR, that's why.
I'll tell you what's-
That's the only thing I'm thinking about since, you know, like the Konami thing.
Here's my perspective with it, as long as Neon FM doesn't try to invade the home markets,
they'll be fine.
No, I think they're going to be fine anyways because they've been working with actually
Konami on this, they've actually flown the people in or whatever and have them look at
the game.
Hopefully though, hopefully though, they're not just feeding us BS with that.
Because the In the Groove team said, the In the Groove team said, shut up, we know it's
legal and now here you go.
But honestly, looking at the gameplay of this game, it is quite different from, I mean,
The setup of the pads are different, the gameplay looks different, it's got just really different
stuff in it.
So, I don't think that they're going to be really fringing out, whereas, you know, In
the Groove looks like DDR just with different, you know, shaped arrows.
I mean, it's pretty much the same damn game.
And honestly, the Mad Catz game was just a shitty game in general and brought everybody
down.
So it just needed a spanking, basically.
That's the only question I have with, like, what would happen to Neon FM, because everyone's
saying who is beat mania on feet in but then again I think as long as they
aren't I think as long as it's different enough from DDR with the foot layout and
everything in there in-game layout appears to be very different I think
they'll be okay just like pump it up so okay well but of course you have that
whole new lawsuit thing but whatever anyway long story short what I believe
what's going on in this lawsuit in the groove should have never tried to come
out for the home systems because it awoke the Konami sleeping giant and
that's what's happening now so that's my thought I really have no comment on that
that's just something that everyone has no has a personal preference on that so
all right anyway moving on Ron Chen has one what anime slash a video game
character would you all cosplay and why dark soccer you actually do cosplay so I
should start with you I've never actually cosplay a character from
I've cosplayed a character from a manga.
I went as Mad Hatter from Sanctuary.
I've also cosplayed Biken from Guilty Gear X.
Dan didn't like that because I didn't have anything to hold my boobs up.
I've cosplayed Jill from Resident Evil.
I actually still have that costume. I've cosplayed Emmie
as in 3rd Mix DDR
uh... who else have I done? Oh yeah, Shorty from Busty Move 2
uh...
I really don't know and I've been trying to think of who I would...
Leona from...
I've done Leona
The costume is actually three sizes too big for me now
I'll take that back, four sizes too big for me now
so it's officially retired
uh...
I was working on doing, uh, uh, Richter Belmont from, uh, Dracula X, but I really, I want
to do one from an anime, I just don't know who, although it's been suggested to do Hyatt
from, uh, Exosaga, but I don't want to do that outfit, and I don't want to carry around
fake blood and cough.
I witnessed Ash Ketchum one year for Halloween, does that count?
I hate that name.
I love Pokemon.
You're watching The American Craft!
I am watching the American Graph. I've seen a shitload of Pokemon trainers up in Animexpo.
Alright, somebody started to ride on the Orange Orange forums, what should I cosplay?
Loki, what would you cosplay as? Gendo the Uberpimp.
Alright. Let's see, I'll probably cosplay as Blanka for next year.
I am not cosplaying as Noodle, thank you.
I don't know, that would be fun. Oh yeah, we get some body paint and do something for the Masquerade for Animexpo.
We have another really good question from the chatroom.
Maluja wants to know, what does Loki think about do-it-yourself abortion kits?
It's so much fun.
It's great.
That'll never get old, Loki.
Yeah, but you gotta clip it out.
And TomoKun would like to point out, Loki, a Power Mac, it's like a PC, they are 100%
upgradeable.
From shit to crap.
Stop it! You are... You know what? For your birthday, I'm buying you a gift certificate to the Apple store, and you will set it on fire.
You could just suffer. You will have to find something you like.
I will buy... If you give me enough money to buy an iPod, I will buy an iPod and I will take a sledgehammer to it.
And then I will sell it.
You're just a bastard.
I love my iPod. It's like the best thing ever.
They said I am a little upset because my roommate just bought an iPod and he paid the same price
for his that I paid for mine, but because he bought his six months later, he got a color
one.
Bastard.
Alright.
Anyway, that's going to do it for Ask Orange Lounge.
Thank you guys for submitting your questions.
And now, it's 9.30, it's time to end the show.
Final thought time.
Explicit, your final thought.
oh it's nice to meet you guys again just take the good old times I'm glad you
found the new house okay yeah that too and I'm and I finally got a chance to
come over here to introduce the tournament finally since I was been so
busy yeah there's a tournament that's in July 30th this Saturday DDRPA and
freestyle and it's possible that newspaper journalists will come in for
like Sacramento Bee. And don't forget, there's Lumpia and Ice Cream.
And you might get your foot in the paper.
Hmm, Lumpia.
Hmm, Lumpia, I agree.
Say again, what about my foot?
You might get your foot in the paper, just like Loki did.
If Sac Bee comes out, because you know Loki's foot was in the Sac Bee, playing DDR.
Oh, wow.
Have fun at the tournament. That'll be at Paradise Island in Sacramento, California.
Yes.
All right, have fun.
In addition to a Super Smash Brothers meal, for those who are interested in that.
I'll just do, you know my strategy at Super Smash Brothers is to just play as Ness.
PK Fire! PK Fire! PK Fire!
Lowkey! Your final thought.
I just unlocked the third picture in Peek-a-boo-pooger.
In which dialogue set? No, wait, no.
Hey, what are you guys doing out there while you're watching my moves?
What the hell does that mean? That's retarded.
I don't think that's what the fanboys are watching.
See? Oh yeah.
My final thought is I'm craving dinner because I haven't eaten, like, a real meal yet today
and you guys ate all those chicken nuggets and didn't save me one.
And I ate the two barbecue sauce packets. Ew.
I bought cheese and cherries.
Loki, I hope you go home and find all your computers that were replaced with Macs.
DarkSakura, your final thought?
Reject sauce icons.
Did somebody buy me that 2D shirt at Hot Topic?
The final word of the show, one word to sum it all up.
Since we actually have a special guest tonight, I'll give it to him.
Oh, next week on Orange Honors Radio, are we taking a vacation for two weeks?
Or what are we doing?
Maybe.
We might do something.
Stay tuned to the website.
Our podcast will still be coming to you no matter what.
You may have Dark Sakura chat.
We don't know.
Something will happen on the station the next couple of weeks, whether it be reruns.
It won't be our normal three-hour show, but something.
Or maybe it will be the three-hour show, just sounds sky.
We'll see.
Maybe.
We have to hash that out this week in big board meetings.
So we'll see.
We'll see. Alright, that's going to do it.
Final word of the show, Jonas.
Mitchie!
That does it for another episode of Orange Lounge Radio Live.
Orange Lounge Radio Live is an Orange Lounge Radio production.
For more information about our station, visit our website at www.orangeloungeradio.com.
And now, here is your fortune cookie message of the day.
Crumbs chief, what do we do now?
I'm taking the direct approach.
Direct approach? Who knew?
Who knew? Not that!
Anything but that, please! Please!
Oh, Eck! Oh, middle! Oh, crumbs!
Penfold.
Please, Tim! You can't! You mustn't!
Penfold.
Yes, sheep!
Shush!
Thank you very much for listening, and we'll see you next week.
All right, guys, we're going to disconnect the station now.
You can reconnect to Orange Lounge Radio in about, what is it, about 15 seconds to resume
hearing all your favorite DDR, 2DX, and other video game favorites.
Loki, what do you think about your new channel, Loki Sucks?
It's so much fun.
Good night, guys.
Have a good one.
