Orange lounge radio to go edition week of august 1st 2005
You're tuned in to the orange lounge radio to go edition your podcast home for all the latest video game news and gamer
Chat now here are your hosts dark sakura sky and loki?
Hello once again everybody and welcome to another edition of orange lounge radio to go
our podcast dedicated to all those cool games the niche games the cult games and
games that don't suck all the news you really want to know about my name is Rob
Roberts you might know me as Sky joining me as always my awesome co-host over
there say hello to Dark Sakura Jamie Summers I sound so dead I'm undead you
know suddenly I'm inspired to think about what I saw at Hot Topic today oh
Oh first though let me introduce the one and only, Loki! Hi!
Yeah, yeah, yeah. Anyway, so I was at Hot Topic today, right? That store that sells
all the, you know,
goth-y kind of clothes and I don't know what- Insta-Goth. Sorta.
Hot Gothic. Well right now they're pushing a line of Resident Evil
t-shirts it looks like so when you're kinda doing the I'm so dead kinda makes me
think of Zombie.
I actually have Resident Evil t-shirts. I'm mad though because the shirt that I want they only sell online.
Really? What shirt's that? 2D. They have a Gorillaz shirt.
it's only online that's that's not the same resident evil I'm thinking of
alright anyway I already have a bunch of
like the ones they give to the video game stores I have all kinds of swag
yeah we know you get the hookup lucky you had the major hookup for the rest of
us there's the store
thank you very much I got the major hookup this week Orange Launch Radio needs to
give up some of our listeners the hookup you know we got some prizes we gotta start
giving away
so we'll have to do that in the next few weeks but not not tonight
we're actually taping a little bit early this week because I'm going to be
leaving I'm flying away going to the
East Coast very soon so. I have something for our listeners to hear.
What's that? Your DS?
It's very quiet
it's hard to hear. What is this?
I hear some ambient noises. I have Nintendogs.
Nintendogs? How did you get Nintendogs? Now this is not the Japanese version.
nope it's not this is the u.s. version like we can barely hear it on there
what's okay tell us about your gaming week what's going on here
I have come into a copy of the five-minute demo of the Nintendo oh a lot of people
are gonna start writing you some nasty emails if you had the full version but
still you got the demo that's kind of neat I've been playing with my puppies
what Loki I've got news on that actually there are many people coming into the
copies of Nintendogs early. How so? Well, if we want to get the news right away. No,
let Dark Soccer talk about the game first, then we'll get to that. Okay, so, so tell
us a little more about the game, because at E3, the line was so big to play, I heard it
bark, the line was so big to play this game at E3 that I barely got a chance to really
look at it. I know it was one of my favorite games of the show, but you've actually had
a chance to play it a little more in detail this week. What the heck is Nintendogs? What
makes it so dang special play with your bubbies is what makes it so great though
you play with your puppies that's it you just play with dogs what are you okay so
they're barking we get it that's cute cute if we have the graphics especially
because the graphics are part of this and they start barking along with it
And you can do the frisbee and they catch it have you noticed an object to this game at all like is there so are
You play with your puppies like even it, but even an animal crossing which was a very?
Free game where you could do practically whatever you wanted there was still that goal of paying off your house
Well late as you play through the game
You can train your dogs and stuff and you compete in different like events and stuff like they have a new dog training events
And you unlock more dog breeds
And also, if other people, say for instance you have Nintendogs Chihuahua, and someone
has Nintendogs, um, what was it, Labrador Retriever or something like that, if you're
nearby, and they interact with each other, it unlocks Labrador Retriever and the one
with Chihuahua and Chihuahua and the one with Labrador Retriever.
So even though they're selling this game, like, when they announced it was going on
sale it sounded like Pokemon Red and Blue, where only certain mixes of dogs were going
going to be available in different versions.
Basically, one of the things was also,
remember how they changed some of the breeds that
are in this version, the US versus Japanese?
Yeah.
All the Japanese dogs are unlockable.
They're the unlocks.
Oh, that's kind of cool.
So I get to have my Shih Tzu, right?
Yes, you can have your Shih Tzu.
What we need to see, though, is if the Japanese version
and the US ones will interact.
Oh, that would be interesting.
Because I know people over here with the Japanese version.
And if you walk by with the game and someone else
their dogs, they'll start barking. That's cool. If it detects another copy of the game
on and playing nearby. What did you think after your five minute demo? Puppies! So in
other words, you're sold on this game? Puppies! You'll be buying the full version when it
comes out? All they need, Mike, is Nintendo kitties. Oh, I am buying all three versions
when this comes out. But you don't need all three versions if you get them. I don't care!
I am buying them for the strict purpose of annoying my coworker because he hates this
game because it's so damn cute and so i'm going to be playing it with the volume full blast you know
and just go hey you know what you know what there's three of us three versions of the game lab already
we should get the three three different versions all right there we go and i'll get the shih tzu
hopefully it's in a different one well i was going to get the lab anyway because it has
other breeds that i want like um a jack russell terrier and uh uh i think the miniature dachshund
I'm just gonna buy all three you can't wait to trade
you just need all three well at least I know where I get the dogs from alright anything else in your gaming week
um I play lots of Ragnarok Ragnarok online the old
well I didn't actually play it as me hunting down the Korean version of Ragnarok online
why? because I was gonna start playing on a free server again
isn't Ragnarok 2 on its way pretty soon? I'm waiting
to hear something on the beta of that one I thought I'd read something recently and
forgive me listeners you guys might know more about this than I do but that Ragnarok 2
was
Like around the corner. It was something that was gonna be here by year's end. I could have thought I read somewhere
I hope I keep checking gravity site and then there's another game that one of our
Listeners suggested to us. Mm-hmm. I got an email from Iris
Who is in South Korea? Hi Iris who that was my grandma's name really? That's nice name
Who suggested a game?
That I actually haven't had too much of an opportunity. It's called Darwinia. I like the name already
hmm but I actually was intending on downloading it a couple of days ago and
I had some computer issues is it like a game that you get to win the Darwin
award by having your character be as stupid as possible well you know what I
am something tells me I'm wrong let me let me see if I can find it real quick
okay that's cool in the meantime we'll get back to more on Darwin you later
Loki how was your gaming week would even up to I've been playing star soldier go
Star Soldier that game is awesome for the PSP but what's great about the game
though is you play it like with a vertical screen so basically you have to
turn the PSP on its side so you have a long screen now remember you've been
reporting on these kinds of games on previous shows so it's kind of neat to
actually have one now yeah and it's just really a very cool game highly
recommended I mean I cannot just stress how wonderful this game is also got on a
UMD movie, actually. They hooked me up with Oldboy. It's a Japanese movie, I think. It's
very cool, and so now I have two UMDs, you know, one to go with Spider-Man 2. Whoop-de-doo.
I'm not actually going to buy any more movies, but I've been playing that. I played Bomberman
Panic Bomber, which, you know, I was hoping it was more of a Bomberman game, but it's
another puzzle game. This is the PSP one? PSP one. They have a lot of puzzle games for
the PSP out there and then really, yeah, those have been the games.
Alright, anything else? Just those games? Nah, I wish I had played some PlayStation
2 stuff. I'm waiting for Graffiti Kingdom. They sent out a press release on Thursday
saying, oh, the game got shipped! Go to GameStop. No, we have our information that says it's
coming out on August 8th or August 9th. I'm like, yeah, that's what I heard before this
press release came out. Because nobody wants Graffiti Kingdom but you.
Yeah, they told me, they're all, you're going to have to pre-order this game if you want
at all, because we're getting like three copies total. I'm like, fuck you, I will go to Fry's,
so eat that. Interesting. Is that the sequel to Magic Pen
Gel? Sort of.
It's much of a sequel in the game sense, you know, where you have the same gameplay and
stuff, but the storyline is not a direct sequel. Magic Pen Gel, for those that don't know,
is like this kind of cultish game. I don't think it was really big. It had a rock-paper-scissors
battle style system, so it's pretty simple in concept, but you could draw your own monsters,
which was really the cool thing about it.
You literally drew your own, it's like Pokemon,
but you draw your own Pokemon.
So of course my friends and I were playing this game
and we were drawing all sorts of phallic things
and just all the two-year-old type humor
you could think of when we were drawing
and the game doesn't stop you, so.
Yeah, there was the big cock monster.
Yeah, I remember there was like the big cock monster
and then I'm like, you know, I walked out of the room
for a bit and I come back in, I'm like, is that a cannon?
No, it's a penis! Like, you can't draw. Anyway.
That would be great if I could, like, use my tablet.
But the new thing, though, what's great about this game is it's more of a platformer.
Not really a platformer, it's more of, like, a hack and slash type game.
Oh, cool.
Which is really cool. And, oh my god, they have websites dedicated to what the Japanese have done with this.
They've recreated everything. They've recreated, like, Samus, Link, Gundam, you know, just, like, really detailed stuff.
They've recreated a Terminator Robocop. It's amazing.
It's amazing. I'm excited about the game and Magic Penjal had kind of a
crappy battle system, so I'm glad to hear it's going hack-and-slash.
Alright, Dark Soccer, you found more information on Darwinia?
If you go to Dar... it's d-a-r-w-i-n-i-a dot c-o dot u-k.
Basically, I'll just read the little blurb on here. The World of Darwinia is a virtual
theme park running inside a computer network built by a computer genius
named Dr. Sepulveda, I guess.
okay darwinia is populated by ascension involving life form called the darwinians
they are the product of a decade's worth of research
into genetic algorithms so what kind of game does it look like because i thought
this was just another you know ye old rpg style game but this looks
like a futuristic type thing it looks like the sims meets tron it
looked kind of like lawnmower man to me i don't know but let me look at
a few more of these screenshots on here though it
it really does look very much like crime. Let's download the demo and check it out
because the listener was wanting us to check it out so there's a demo right? Well I had intended on doing so
doing so I'll probably get that started when I get home tonight.
It'll be a follow-up in the future. My gaming week, I didn't play anything new guys
sorry to say I've been preparing for my trip but for some wacky reason
like I decided to get back into Guild Wars because I was like okay I'm not
gonna pay money to reactivate my Final Fantasy XI account when I'm gonna be
leaving soon
and I don't want to start a new game, like I've been contemplating
checking out World of Warcraft, one of my friends is really really trying to get me on there
I know, PSO, Dark Soccer is trying to get me on PSO
but Guild Wars, luckily, loving it
once you buy it, you can play it forever for free, no monthly fee, so I can go
back whenever I want and I knew I would do this too, that I'd play it for two weeks
leave, go back again, but here's the weird thing about my habits with Guild Wars
I started a new character, everybody in my old guild doesn't play the game anymore
so it's just me
So here I am playing the game by myself, and I'm thinking I'm playing an MMO by myself
What's the point but it's still like kind of fun
I think I'd be having more fun if there were people out there that would play with me
Cry if someone would buy me the game. I would play Oh got 50 bucks to spare
If someone would buy me the game I would play
Maybe we got a really light nice listener out there. I don't know sure second pay money for it. I've seen Guild Wars
I like I like Guild Wars. It's neat. It's it's um. It's just I don't like the style
It's more of a strategy like I had a G action fuse
You'll have to pull my cold dead body away from Final Fantasy 11
I may not have played it for over a month, but you know what I am not quitting not from my cold dead
I'm just pissed off that I can't download the Korean version of Ragnarok online cuz
the Korean Ragnarok site is only me get it and I don't want to have to pay
$30 for three more months of Ragnarok online to play my old dead character
thing is my character will on the old Ragnarok will never be deleted for those
that don't know Ragnarok because we've talked about an awful lot tonight real
quick describe it it's really cutesy MMORPG it's adorable it's I found the
picture of your character who wore the little ribbon yes I had a character the
wore a ribbon but it's like Secret of Mana in a way, some folks kinda, but imagine it
as an MMO.
It's very kitschy.
In a 3D world.
Yes.
It's really adorable if you just go to rocknrockonline.com.
Not 3D in the Halo or Doom 3D sense, 3D in the like up at an angle shot.
Like Pac-Mania.
It's a 3D environment but the characters are sprites.
Yes.
There you go.
Alright, quick news story on Final Fantasy XI since Loki brought it up to start us off
tonight.
you're saying they won't tear the game from your cold dead hands. How about a story that
might take you off? Final Fantasy XI, the Vana Deal Collection will ship for the PC
on August 16th. What is this, a new expansion pack? No, it's just Final Fantasy XI, Rise
of the Zilert and Chains of Promathia and Tetra Master all bundled together for $29.99.
So those of you guys that spent 50 bucks on the game and 30 on the expansion just got
screwed. But it happens with every MMO, it really does.
We'll look at Rise of the Zillerts at one time.
It was being sold as an expansion, and they just updated it.
Whatever.
Alright, thought I'd share that.
Let's see, I actually have an abundance of Square news tonight.
Let me get some of these other Square stories out of the way.
Kingdom Hearts 2 has a date, this being announced at the Squeenix Party 2005 event in Tokyo,
hence why we have all the Squeenix news tonight.
Kingdom Hearts 2 will be out in Japan this year in December.
No set in stone date for the US yet, however they've really been pushing to localize their
games quickly.
I have to admit I'm surprised they're going to miss Christmas at this rate.
I would have thought Kingdom Hearts 2 would be a very powerful Christmas title to have
out there.
It seems kind of silly to miss Christmas here, but it ain't my company.
Also keep in mind though, when we get it, it's going to be better than the Japanese
one.
People are going to buy it no matter what.
What makes you say it's going to be better than the Japanese one?
Just like the last one, they actually had to redo an international version.
yes, Square Enix kind of does that stuff where they add like that because the Sephiroth battle wasn't in the original Kingdom Hearts, right?
That was something new for North American. It actually wasn't in ours either, but they brought out the
the
sort of updated international version that had the Sephiroth battle and the deep dive trailer. Interesting.
Final Fantasy 12 also got a date at the Squeenix party. Ships in Japan on March 16th,
2006, so still a little wait, and that's just Japan's date, meaning we've got to wait three to four months.
So maybe we're looking at Christmas next year for Final Fantasy 12
Rumors why because Final Fantasy 12 supposedly is in the can it's done in Japan
It's ready to go just they're putting the finishing touches on it, but supposedly because of the Kingdom Hearts 2 news
That's why they're waiting on Final Fantasy 12
Don't want to they figure it's got the same fan base. I think to an extent they're probably right, but come on
They're gonna buy it should be a Christmas title people that are into one game are gonna buy both games
I don't know crazy with these people think sometimes Final Fantasy 7 advent
children will be released in theaters in Japan probably in theaters in Berkeley
and little tiny I told those Sony reps when they came to our work I'm like you
gotta fucking put this in tears well this is all this marketing I'm like
word-of-mouth word-of-mouth well nothing it not even news on any type of u.s.
release little distribution area no North American distribution as of yet
here's the reason why I'm thinking it's not gonna happen in the US because it's
gonna premiere in Japan on September 8th the DVD by the way comes out September
14th so it's really just a super sneak preview for those diehard people that
have to see it in the theater and if I was in Japan I'd be one of them I think
it's gonna have a limited run here you think I don't um eskaflowne but I had a
limited run but would they get that I mean we're talking energy we're only
about six weeks out from this now I don't think that's enough time to put
together a theater release I do believe that there would be time we'll see we'll
see subtitles on that we'll see screw dubs still more stories still more
stories Kingdom Hearts 2 Hikaru Utada of course did the theme song for the first
Kingdom Hearts game she's coming back she's gonna sing a song called passion
which will be in Kingdom Hearts 2 no word yet as to whether she's gonna
record it in English and Japanese but since she did the first one in English
and Japanese and she is fully bilingual exactly and you know she has her own
album out here which I don't think did so hot it's she's easy breezy in your
Japanese anyway so she'll have the song passion the single should be coming out
being put out by Toshiba EMI will come out around December same time as
Kingdom Hearts 2 is planning to come out one more story I got it's a Final
Final Fantasy XI story again.
You know how Xbox 360 Final Fantasy XI has everybody going OMG OMG what's going to be
different in the Final Fantasy XI version on Xbox 360?
Well you're going to find out if you live in Germany.
Get this.
They're actually going to be showing it in Germany at the games convention in Lipsig.
That happens August 17th through the 21st.
It doesn't say in the press release that it's going to be playable but it does say in the
press release that European gamers will get their first look at the next
generation gateway to the world of Anadiel should be interesting you know I
heard a rumor one quick rumor about for those you Final Fantasy 11 players I
don't know if this is true or not but what they're gonna do with the 360 is
they're gonna put the same upgrades in 360 that they do on the PC and
PlayStation 2 users unfortunately gonna get left behind in this but that they're
gonna make the capes viewable it's supposedly something because you know
how your character won't wear a cape in Final Fantasy 11 but you never see it
supposedly that's gonna be one of the graphical upgrades so I don't know take
it with a grain of salt people we'll find out when the game is shown in
Europe but that would be kind of neat. Maybe it's an option you would be able to turn on in
the PC version if you have high enough graphics card. Oh I don't see why not
certainly. My graphics card would handle it. Yeah I'm surprised they haven't released a
patch like that for capes in the PC version. Well maybe they're waiting for
this. Yeah well you never know I mean they can do who knows with that um the
new 360 game coming out they're probably gonna release another expansion at the
same time there you go maybe maybe we don't know yet well possibly all right
we'll see anyway let's go past the Squeenix news and let's get into
inflating our egos a little bit by opening up the old mailbag so if you
want to send us an email all you have to do is send an email to to go to at
orange lounge radio.com and dark Sakura will have something to say to you dark
Sakura what do you have to say tonight I actually got a bunch of email and one
the first one I want to bring up is by someone named Roo who wrote into us
about the whole hot coffee deal and actually and this is something that I
actually didn't see on any of my references but when I went back and dug
deeper after receiving the email yes it is true and the whole deal was actually
sort of launched off by Hillary Clinton kinda she got behind it too I think
I think she, having her behind it really threw the thing into orbit.
I mean it was kind of like where it went to the next level.
But I believe it was originally brought to the attention by Assemblyman Li Lin Yi I think
because they had this guy on G4TV and usually I don't talk about G4TV because they have
a reputation for kind of having bad programming, but actually it's gotten a lot better.
And I actually watched G4TV.com and ever since they got that new guy on the show, he's really
brought it up in the two girls are up to that same level i think is actually had
the legal any on their show and it was actually pretty good interview i have to
say so
this kind of interesting i thought sorry just wanted to get that
well this email though uh...
you know it's basically it's not just the conservatives that are behind it
we've got
basically everybody and you know it also brought brought up to uh...
the whole reason why i didn't go democrat way back we know because of
lieberman
I was not gonna have Lieberman and Tippercore
anywhere near our video game industry.
There was also, though, another article, though,
this made me think of,
that I'm gonna get back to the mailbag,
I just have to see where I stored this article,
about how, actually, the rate of crime
in our country's youth decreased.
You have a link to this?
I bet a lot of people would be interested in reading this.
Yes, I do.
and it's gonna take me just a brief moment.
Actually, if you'll take care of one of our other emails.
That's all right, yeah, I'll go to one of the other emails.
I just wanna say, was that the same guy
who you invited to do the article for the site?
Yes, it is, I invited him to write an editorial
regarding that for us.
That'll be cool.
Like I said, guys, politics and gaming podcasts
sometimes don't mix, but that's all right.
Hey, we gotta, whatever you believe in,
at least go out and vote,
because we get the freedom to do that in this country.
She just, you know, here's what it comes down to, okay?
Okay, the whole hot coffee mod hit a little too close to home, if you know what I mean,
with Hillary Clinton, because the whole hot coffee mod starts off with CJ coming in for
some lovin', what's the woman do?
She gets down to business.
Oh damn, oh damn, oh, oh, oh, wait, wait, oh that happened to Hillary, that happened
to Hillary.
Look, look, look, look, I think the issue here is really about the regulation of the
not trying to ban them and I think remember guys Hillary Clinton isn't
trying to ban the game she's trying to regulate them so she's basically again
encouraging parents not to do their job which I you know and even though I am a
Democrat I'll admit it I don't necessarily have to support her on every
little thing she does this is one of those things where I think every senator
Republican Democrat and the one independent guy could all be educated on
the gaming world a little bit thank you very much all right here well I didn't
have that article here okay cool it can be located I'll go ahead and give the
address it's gr bolt comm slash articles slash violence slash violence dot HTM
hey has a violence in there twice anyway this was written by Duke Ferris who
writes on this site it's a game revolution is what it is so he's
basically presenting facts to show that violence has gone down not up amongst
This information that he's reported on here is actually a very well-written article, which really surprised me for this site.
Wow.
It's using statistics put out by the U.S. Department of Justice, Bureau of Statistics, and information also pulled from the files of the FBI, public files.
Um, basically, it's showing that since right before the release of, uh, the PlayStation,
we've got, uh, basically a mark showing from 93 on, crime has decreased.
See, I don't know, there's gotta be a loophole somewhere because, and now granted, I'm about to say,
watching the news every night, you would think the complete opposite to be true, but yes, I know.
Of course, the news is trying to glamorize this.
The news sensationalizes it. Anyway.
You know, again, they make their money by fooling the public.
Here come those emails again. Wait, you mean it's
not hot outside? Anyway,
check out the article. Give the link one more time. Draw your own conclusions from
this guy. No, no, no.
Again, keep in mind, I'm not really talking, you know, your local news
is cool, I think. At least,
you know, whenever I watch the news here, I don't see anything over, you know, sensational or
anything
out of the ordinary. I'm talking about like they pick one instance and then it's all on CNN.
You're talking about like MSNBC doing the Michael Jackson trial 24-7. Exactly. Now that I can agree
with. It's like they take one issue, blow it way out of proportion until suddenly the entire
public thinks every kid who ever plays a video game is gonna come cut off my head in my sleep.
Oh. Lord have mercy we all gonna die from GTA. Yeah that. Which I'm sure you're gonna talk
about the grandma oh yeah I'll bring up grandma on a minute what go ahead there
was one other thing in here I mean it's basically one of the charts on here
which is what I would like to show to most of our listeners is that there is a
very good chart on here that separates everything by age by age group and
actually in the group the biggest decline in violent crime was between the
14 and 17-year-old group.
It's wow.
OK, well, give the link one more time.
Let folks draw their own conclusions.
It's dr.bolt.com slash articles slash violence slash violence
dot htm.
And I'll go ahead at some point.
Post that in our forums.
Actually, we'll repeat a link to the article on our announcement
from the website.
Sounds good.
All right, did you still want me to read the next letter?
OK, I got an email here from Justin M.
And this is nice because this is just nothing but an ego
inflation letter I like many others discovered your fine podcast through
iTunes version 4.9 and I just want to let you know that you were doing a
wonderful job with it thank you I have heard of orange launch radio before but
didn't have the time to sit down and listen to a live show every week the
shows we do on Sunday night having it readily available on my iPod to listen
to whenever I'm ready to just is the grammar gets weird here unbelievably huge
step in the right direction for talk shows and it really helps bring out some
the talent that would otherwise lie untapped well that's quite a compliment
thank you very much for that email and the most we can ask get a friend to
subscribe to the show tell one person about the show and then the news of
orange lounge spreads everywhere and we're all happy and you're happy because
you get a new show every week and etc etc I did want to make a mention that
one of our listeners Michael I thought was really cool that we were talking
about scorched earth dude scorched earth was the game I that was my junior high
school lunches for like a year it is still the game in fact still waiting for
them to finish the PSP homebrew version of PSP home huh they are I fully
endorsed the PSP for these reasons and then there was also one of our
Macintosh supporters wrote in but I know where this is going Loki and I said I
I forward this to Loki earlier. No offense, because I appreciate receiving the email.
But when one is speaking of the general intelligence level of a Macintosh user,
make sure you use your spell checker and grammar checker before sending your email.
Because I counted no less than 15 grammatical and spelling errors.
That's ironic. Loki, just shut up. I have a Mac story at the end and I think it's cool.
I'm not knocking the max, okay, because, granted, the processing power may not be what I was
looking for.
Their cases look cool, though.
Okay?
Their cases are nice.
Freaking widescreen monitor on the outside.
Hold on.
Hold on.
The monitor is nice.
Did we go to Bizarro Orange Lounge Radio, because I just heard Loki say something nice
about a Macintosh.
The cases look nice, but that's all they are is just a big graphene calculator inside of
a nice case.
No, no, no.
Somebody put a death threat out on you, didn't they?
No.
It's like I had I you know when we were conversing about this while I was supposed to be at work.
The Mac is a very I think best used for either people who are not up to a PC or for the professional
needing the specific benefits that a Mac provides.
Let me put it this way if you're going to pick between a Mac an iMac or whatever and
an e-machine go with the iMac because e-machines suck even more and that's pretty bad.
That was kind of a nice thing
We're not make sure you're on there. I'm on Oh E machines. However are very good for modifying
They are very easily upgraded all right anyway back to the anyways back to the although
I was at the Apple Store today, and I drew a little bit
I want to fries, and I'm thinking about getting and I'm actually five see we're gonna outnumber you soon enough all right
I'm there just because a regular g5 is freaking expensive. Let's go. Let's move on and that 30 inch widescreen monitor
I got an email here. Can I read this one? Okay. Okay. This was somebody who has way too much time on their hands
It's from cliff our cliff sent us a email letting us know our statistics that as of on August 1st
2005 not counting our e3 episodes 30 podcast episodes spanning over 17 hours and 400 megabytes
Our shortest podcast was the very first one on January 3rd
19 minutes and 46 seconds and our longest podcast had a running time of
exactly 46 minutes and get this cliff figured this out for us average podcast
episode 33 minutes 24 seconds you know I didn't care before but I do now that was
very cool thank you cliff for he actually saved me a lot of work cuz I
was gonna start putting that together for some of our business things going on
the side we're gonna beat that 46 minutes records we don't get to the next
same it so you got any more emails one more actually been sent the week before
but I hadn't had a chance to read it because I've got a lot of email from him
sure that's cool um one of our regular Sunday night listeners right on our live
show wrote in DJ Ranma s oh in this email he he said this his 13 year old
cousin got GTA San Andreas for ps2 now he plays this game all the time and
believe it or not knows that knows better the interactions of the game has
no effect on him I say that because his mother and me talked to him all the time
about these games gangs life and everything else I admit he does hang out
with friends that act more ghetto than CJ at times but I I can't believe that
he doesn't do anything they do and that I was right and I'm going to quote here
parents if you were listening to this podcast your kids need home training
teach them the difference between real life and fantasy for God's sake well said
I think I think gamer parents are pretty well aware of that stuff I hope I really
hope anyway we're going into a new generation of gaming parents remember
parents treat games like they're drugs talk to your kids you know if you talk
to your kids about drugs they're less likely to do drugs just like you know
they're more likely to know the difference between right and wrong if
you talk to them yes really like you're in a very nice mood tonight Loki you
know you're all about love and affection so once we bring up grandma it's going
I have a hug. No, you know that made me think of one thing
Okay, I'll talk about grandma now get this an
85 year old woman suing take to entertainment over the hot coffee mod
She purchased the game for her 14 year old grandson and is now suing
Take to I this has been passed around on every gaming message board
surely those you guys that are checking gaming websites of any capacity have
heard about this and you probably just went WTF lady why are you buying this
game for your 14 year old kid in the first place again that's another case of
a person in a parental you know position not doing their research and not doing
their goddamn job and she's got some balls to be suing take to entertainment
over it too she's gonna lose she bought the game and gave it if she did not want
offensive material to be put in the hands of a child she would have done her
research don't you think but what she's saying is that now the game is a oh she
wasn't fully educated before you know what it still had an M rating on it just
playing devil's advocate here I'm not gonna disagree with you people I'm just
playing devil's advocate still had an M rating on it damn it I thought that game
was rated R not NC 17 what the hell okay listen grandma first off okay I know
you might have wandered in there, you know, because you didn't know where you were and
you might have bought this game for your, you know, grandson.
You know, I'm thinking the grandson probably begged her to buy it.
Okay, so she bought the game.
Did it say in the article that he figured out how to unlock the hot content or the hot
coffee mod content?
No, it did not.
It specifically said because she found out that that content was in there.
we could say that he may not have been exposed to this content at all so she's
retarded she is friggin retarded okay she has no legal precedent either way
her lawyer is not gonna try to dissuade her because her lawyer is still gonna
make his money moving on that's that's all I want to say about grandma she's
getting too much media attention anyway there was another popular story that was
going around the internet this week involving a particular gamer and dark
you have a story on this one a blind teenager from Lincoln Nebraska who can
kick anybody's butt at Mortal Kombat basically although I think this article
is pretty stupid just because they talk about decapitations in Soul Calibur I
know don't happen that was the first thing I noticed in the article too that
made me kind of go stupid media person do your research before you talk about
games they talk about decapitation in Soul Calibur which doesn't happen this
guy probably thought that Soul Calibur that the reporter must have been blind
too because apparently Soulcalibur 2 and Mortal Kombat Deadly Alliance are the
same game but at any rate it sounds like that he just learned by trial and error
how to play and you know people would correct him when he did something wrong
his favorite thing he wants to be a video game designer when he graduates
which you know if I could see happening but you know no pun intended he plays
facing thank you plays facing away from the screen people challenge him strictly
on his blindness and he still kicks their butt which I can actually
understand that if you understand the timing of your attacks know who you're
using and hear the reaction on screen there shouldn't be any I challenge you
on mute but but still but still a heck of an accomplishment I mean even though
we could kind of think about okay this is probably how he does it still that
what a what a lot of time and patience and discipline to become that good at a
game so apparently he enjoys freaking people out by playing backwards that's
cool can we play him on Xbox Live does have a screen screen tag but you know if
he happens to be listening to you know his name Bryce yes he is listening to
this podcaster if anyone who's listening to this podcast knows him we
would love to interview him absolutely and we would love to challenge him on
Xbox live absolutely to DDR I'm just kidding I'm kidding I have I have the
Mortal Kombat game we could play that or Halo hey anybody can beat my ass and
Halo hey I had an eight-year-old kid an Xbox controller moving on another news
story coming up here g4 yeah that big video games award show that happens on
g4 every year it is going to air on August 9th but that doesn't mean we
won't ruin it for you right now the game of the year was Halo 2 favorite
character was the Kratos and God of War EB gamers choice award went to World of
Warcraft did Katamari Damacy win anything yes best innovation that one
game let's see how many awards Halo 2 got best boss best multiplayer game best
original soundtrack best shooter best sound design best voice performance and
and game of the year so it's a halo to whoring fast you know where it is
other than license soundtrack worse love for grand theft auto that game was at
the top
is still at the top of the charts and all the guy's best origin best license
sounds for a license soundtrack was the only word that lame
lame lame lame halo was just another first-person shooter
grand theft auto san andreas was revolution
there's tons of emails coming your way they're gonna disagree with you on that
I personally I actually enjoy Halo 2 more than Grand Theft Auto I do I think
the multiplayer party aspect of it makes it for me a more fun game but I still
don't know if I would have called it well yeah I think I would have had to
have called a game of the year I mean let's face it as neat of a game as
Katamari Damacy was and some of these other games came out in the past year it
really was a Halo 2 year so I can't say I necessarily disagree just the the
whoring in every category okay let the other games have a little room to breathe
please people moving on dark soccer you have any other news stories for us
tonight um we actually um a game that's coming out shortly and I'm actually
trying to get the u.s. release date because I know it's coming out very soon
Fire Emblem path of radiance is coming out my fiance has just been pissing his
pants waiting for this to come out because thank you for that visual thank
you well he's been even you know downloading because we were very
disappointed when you know the fire the fire emblem on a Game Boy Advance that
had Marth and Roy in it it didn't come out over here but the one after that did
which actually is a prequel to that and then the one following came out Dan's
has really been in the fire emblem and it actually may be the first strategy
game that I might actually give a serious chance the last one I played was
the macross game on the pc engine which anyway um but fire emblem uh path of radiance is coming out
to gamecube and i was checking out the uh uk news and of course i saw that i instantly went to it
um path of radiance has a uh november release date i don't have the specific date but it's
said to come out this november and uh apparently they're working on the pal conversion at present
and are ready to have it out all right very cool it's it's got some pretty screenshots on it too
It's really gorgeous, but it's still the same term-based strategy.
Loki, what's going on in the hack and crack world right now?
Lots of stuff, especially with people getting their panties in a bunch
over
version 2.0 of the firmware for PSP. You've got
a brand new home brew version of
a web browser that's actually been released right now. Now there's four
options for web browsing.
This one is called actually
The 2CH browser, and really the first version of it can only visit the site 2ch.jp or something,
some Japanese site, but the new one you can actually adjust the.ini file to cite your
own bookmarks and whatnot, but more work needs to be done on this because it's still not
too snuff with the 2.0 browser, which actually supports Java and downloads and whatnot.
So that's pretty cool.
Also, one of the really cool games that came out this week for the PSP homebrew was actually
port of Super Smash Brothers. No way. Yeah, Super Smash Brothers GP, which was actually
for the console GP32, they made it for that portable system, but now they've ported it
and you can put your own characters in there. Does it look like the GameCube one though?
No. It has the look and feel. It has the feel of it, it's not exactly the same detail and
But hey homebrew come on. I mean it's still fun, but
so that that came out and
Oh Sony is letting everyone know not to upgrade your US PlayStation portables to the 2.0 because that's meant for only Japanese
Playstations and it could harm your PlayStation and turn into a brick so will that stop you know no that won't stop people
But anyways as far as the DS stuff goes here
There's been a few things being worked on a brand new Super Nintendo player for it
But, honestly, emulation on the DS is tough, especially when you have to get all those
external cards and whatnot.
But anyways, earlier we had people asking us about some of the stuff going on in the
PC mod community and stuff.
So we've got a couple that look pretty interesting that I thought I'd bring up.
The first one is Antlion Troopers Deuce for Half-Life 2.
This is sort of like a Starship Troopers type mod for it.
That's cute.
That's cute.
have the topless shower scenes. I don't know about that, but the UMD does. But you can
get that at antlions.hl2world.com, so check it out there. The other one, and one of my
personal favorite webcomics, Penny Arcade, someone did the cardboard showdown with cardboard
tube samurai, and this I believe is for, oh god, I can't remember what game it's for now.
way to go unreal tournament that's right and um you can check this out at obeythetube.com
very cool very cool it's good thank you for following up on the mods it's cool
a couple quick news items here then we're going to get to the advice column uh the matrix online
is going down from nine servers to three they're scaling back to three servers starting august 2nd
i don't know that's probably a sign that it's not doing as well as they yeah they said that
the reason why they're scaling back is because there wasn't a lot of players on it one time
or whatever, so they're cutting them back. Two of the servers are going to be standard
servers, one of them is going to be a PVP server.
That's kind of sad to hear that Matrix Online, or the Matrix franchise in general has just
been going downhill.
Well, I don't know, maybe their servers can handle more people, and so they want more
people crammed into the city, because the city was huge, so it might just be the world's
too big.
see MTV they are going to have a category for the best video game
soundtrack as part of their upcoming video music awards what video game
soundtracks have to do with music videos I don't know but they're adding the
category anyway Tony Hawk's underground to Def Jam fight for New York Midnight
Club three dub edition Madden NFL 2005 and Dance Dance Revolution extreme all
nominated in this category yeah no it no acknowledgement for ultra mix too though
The Xbox version which arguably had the better soundtrack at least in my big fat opinion
All right. Anyway, um, oh one more. I want to do one more soundtrack story, then we'll get to the advice column
Namco museum, you know, they got this game the Namco museum 50th anniversary arcade collection. Well get this
They're actually gonna license music that you can kind of have as your soundtrack to go with this game
They're gonna license. Come on, Eileen lover boys working for the weekend fine young cannibals. She drives me crazy
crazy the romantics with talking in your sleep and Daz bands joystick are just
some of the titles that are being announced for the upcoming Namco Museum
and by the way Namco Museum is going to be a budget title it's going to be out
for only $19.95 but my question where's pac-man fever in all this where is it
but the quintessential Namco 80s tune come on people oh yes let's get to the
Actually, speaking of Namco, there was a 7-Up commercial in the 80s where someone was playing
Pac-Man and it played this song that sounds almost like Bette Davis' Eyes, except it's
Pac-Man chasing the ghost, stopping, getting all out of breath, dehydrated, and drinking
a 7-Up on screen.
Can you download that on one of those retro commercial websites?
I think so, but I think my fiancé has it on his computer, which is still not hooked
up because our house is still being unpacked, but if I can, I'll try to rip the audio out
of it.
Alright, now we here at Orange Lounge Radio, we're not just here to talk about video games all day long, which should be pretty evident tonight,
but we're here to better your lives as well.
Because if we stayed home and played video games all day long, we'd have no time to go out and film commercials.
Which we've never done, but I just thought I'd throw that out there. We were willing to.
Much nicer than what I was thinking.
What were you thinking?
Forget it.
It's Dark Soccer's advice column, you know it by now. What are you going to talk to us about tonight?
Tonight's bit of advice is how to escape from a sinking car.
Okay.
This is like if you happen to drive your car off into the river or something.
Number one. Open the window as soon as possible.
Opening the window allows water to come in and equalize the pressure.
Two. If you cannot roll your windows down, break the glass.
Use your foot, shoulder, or heavy objects such as an anti-theft steering wheel lock.
lock. The club, the cops, they use it to escape from your car when it's under water.
Interesting. Three, get out as soon as you can. Floating time will range from a few seconds to a
few minutes. Four, if you are unable to open the window or break it, wait until the car fills with
water. When the water level reaches your head, take a deep breath and hold it. Now the pressure
should be equalized inside and outside and you should be able to open the door and swim to the
the service but you know my number one thing is you know hmm you know don't
drive after having that adios motherfucker I had one of those you don't
drive after that you will end up in the bay yeah don't drive into the bay people
unless you're playing driver 3 because that's about the only fun thing to do in
that game and just in I should go ahead and now since it's very obvious that I
have a source for my advice. The worst case scenario survival handbook is a wonderful
thing. It teaches you all kinds of ways to keep from getting trapped in an elevator and
controlling runaway camels. Very nice. They sell a calendar or something? I have a calendar.
We should really plug them so we don't, they don't sue you. Yeah, I've been getting my
advice, but this is all stuff I knew anyway. Okay. You never know when you have to cross
a piranha infested river okay I'm gonna laugh I'm gonna laugh when these days
when someone actually I was on this runaway camel he saved my life thank you
orange lounge you know I'm waiting for the podcast alley votes this month
because we usually have a couple people that leave these smartass comments to
say like orange lounge taught me how to have a baby and like all these crazy
things which is cool so I'm looking forward to seeing those types of things
come up this next month when people can vote again yes all right every second
moving on rumble roses xx that's right all the rumble roses and that's coming
out on the Xbox 360 hmm why didn't they call this rumble roses xxx gee let me
think about this one for a little bit because that's basically what it will be
I saw pictures it's pretty and none of the customizable none of the existing
characters will be replaced fans of the series should check out changes to the
known roster before inquiring about new characters so they're gonna kind of
change but none of the characters are leaving supposedly so should be very
interesting it needs customizable characters they saying though that they
are not thinking about mud wrestling they want to do something else that's
stunning so I guess I haven't thought of it yet cream corn corn cream corn kids
cream corn brawn panty match it wasn't that what the whole game was anyway it's
completely different side of the spectrum here WB interactive will be
putting out a game on consoles and PC and it's called friends the one with all
the trivia that's right it's a game dedicated to friends trivia yes I saw
this it's sad Joey is your best friend moving on you will make him a ham
sandwich every morning please watch Joey somebody please watch it and buy him
hundreds of dollars in pants sorry that's the only episode I remember was
the subliminal message I I remember smelly cat that's about it but I don't
want to give that show any more time on this show midway midway is putting out a
sequel to The Suffering it's a sequel to the popular shooter called The Suffering
the ties that bind and they just wanted to let you all know that they landed some
major Hollywood talent to be doing the voice acting Michael Clark Duncan
remember that guy who's in the Green Mile and the Planet of the Apes and
Daredevil he will be doing a villainous character in the game and Rachel Griffiths
who is in Six Feet Under and Hillary and Jackie and probably nobody that listens
to the show remembers this movie but I remember her at Muriel's wedding she's
going to be doing a role in this as well. So some big Hollywood talent coming to
The Suffering. Might add also The Suffering starts in three different ways
depending on how you ended the first game. Huh. Yeah. Or The Suffering starts
if you choose to buy a Mary-Kate and Ashley Olsen game instead. Bad joke. Yeah.
Dark Soccer, you had another story for us? I sure do. I actually wanted Yahoo! UK put
up the top 100 computer games of all time oh very interesting well now we
don't have time to read all 100 but all right top 10 works number 10 elites for
the BBC micro which is a system I need to get because I don't have one I hope I
will have heard of some of these games sorry UK listeners I just don't know
that it's very vector II okay then we have golden eyes 007 for the Nintendo
64 I know that one that game makes me violently motion sick but but for shooter
fans great game it was a great game but it did make me violently motion sick
next up we have Street Fighter 2 okay definitely hey version revolutionized
arcades absolutely Super Mario Kart for the Super Nintendo uh old favorite of
mine love it monkey island to let Chuck's revenge for the PC hell yeah
that's an interesting one to have in the top 10 a good choice but that's kind of
like that well that's number five okay what else number four Legend of Zelda
ocarina of time for the Nintendo 64 I know the hate mail is gonna come in but
ocarina of time was not as great of a game as everybody says it was no wasn't
this the Super Nintendo one was leaps and bounds better in my opinion but
maybe I just I can't get the 3d Zelda thing I don't know well I'm excited
apologize that one was number five oh sorry and listeners nevermind Rob
because he's on crack shut up hated it Super Nintendo one was the best shut up
moving on Pro Evolution Soccer 4 on the PlayStation 2 put up by Konami hmm
whoa soccer and not football
uh... your mike's going out again i don't know what's going on sorry
konami published it with soccer in the title
but it is football
okay
uh... number three
pokemon red and green
all right
okay there's a big audience for that and it reaches a lot of people so
pokey pokey
top two
number two super mario sixty four for the nintendo sixty four
that game was fun
Again the most overrated, but this is the thing with Nintendo 64 games their franchise games were incredibly overrated in my opinion
Goldeneye was a good game
It's described hmm
it says their childhood hero able to go anywhere and do anything to an extent that is purely magical and
Doesn't hold the candle to mario 3, but that's just my big fat opinion all right the number one game
Tetris for the Gameboy
No no pac-man anywhere in the top 10 which is considered the granddaddy
however DDR was number 50 at 49 interesting all right well Tetris and it
was right above afterburner which I honestly like better than DDR everybody
plays Tetris so I can't I can't argue with that as the number one choice I
really can't Tetris is the ultimate game to take on an airplane all right a
couple more stories for you guys we've had a bit of Konami news tonight we got
another one they are partnering up with the American Idol franchise which is it
now American Idol games have come out being published by Codemasters but you
may or not know Konami has this very successful series of singing games
called karaoke revolution which is kind of like DDR mixed with singing yeah it's
funny guys probably seen this funny because the first American Idol game
sucked it really did like yum we need to change something I think that something
would be the game not sucking honestly in my opinion this is a very smart
partnership you've got a franchise that will get this game a wide audience which
karaoke revolution deserves it's a great innovation on the product and konami is
bringing a good game to the American Idol name assuming now they're not saying
they're not confirming that it's going to be a karaoke revolution marriage the
American Idol game but come on what else is it gonna be people be karaoke it's
gotta be sometimes then they're gonna see DVR think you can dance please
please no please don't end there and there it's gonna happen all right and
Wow all right moving on feel the magic you remember that game on the DS it's
kind of like a dating sim type game but it was like WarioWare mixed with sprung
I guess you could say feel the magic even though it wasn't the most hugely
popular game it's actually getting a sequel Famitsu magazine mentions that
field magic xxy y is going to be getting a sequel guess what the sequel is called
this is all we know about the game so far as the name Akachan wadoko kara kuru
know which means where do babies come from yeah where do babies come from
Grand Theft Auto San Andreas's hot coffee mod?
Anyways.
You got another quick story before I get to tonight's last story.
Like I hinted at earlier about the Nintendogs thing, selected members of Nintendo.com who
are registered there will receive their copies of Nintendog on August 22nd, or before the
August 22nd release date actually, and the rumor is it's probably going to be the people
that had the most usage of their forms.
Anyways. Lucky you people!
So yeah. Send me a copy. Alright.
And also one more thing, and it's not too much of a surprise since there's a lot of
instant messaging on the Xbox 360.
They're gonna have a QWERTY controller as well.
One of those ones with a stupid little keyboard on the bottom. Fun fun.
Interesting. Alright, one more story for you guys tonight. I promise you a Mac story.
story, here's your Mac story. If you are an OSX user, you must check this out. mikezornek.com.
That's m-i-k-e-z-o-r-n-e-k dot com slash coco, c-o-c-o-a, slash megaman effect. And what this
is, this is an application so that when you launch an icon in OSX, it actually does the
megaman effect from megaman 2
so it's gonna be like
calculator exactly so every time you launch an application
the icon comes out
and you get the little megaman 2 info oh my god that'd be so annoying but i gotta put
i would totally put that on my computer at home
are you saying you're gonna buy a mac i'm not gonna buy a mac for that fuck that
he'll port it
All right, that would be so annoying.
They should do that with everything.
Tell me that's-
Hamburger!
Dude!
All right, that's it.
You guys, good job, by the way.
It's ironic we read that email about stats tonight
because we damn near made an hour tonight.
But that's what happens when you don't tape
a three hour show before doing the podcast, I guess.
We have all kinds of energy.
That's right.
Making podcasts all night.
You're not so dead sounding tonight, Dark Soccer.
No, I'm not!
Oh my God, who is that?
Guess what, guess what, guess what?
You know what was brought to my attention? I'm a girl!
WOW!
Hey! Guess what? Who's at the door?
It's Pizza Man!
Do-do-do-do-dooooo!
Mailman! No!
Okay, god.
Alright, um...
And now it's time for the final thoughts!
Alright, just kidding. Just kidding, people.
Alright, uh, Loki, your final thought.
My final thought is...
I must play more star soldier and god damn it they better have my copy of
graffiti kingdom. Dark Sakura, besides getting your mic fixed what's your final
thought?
Sometimes the reason why I say I don't play any games during the week is because I have a life!
I work and I go to college! Sue me!
Somebody ruffled your feathers this week didn't we?
And my final thought...
I'm hungry so I'm gonna go have a pizza.
Maybe you should call him the pizza man!
Goodbye everybody, thanks for tuning in, see you next time on the Orange Line.
You guys are gonna do a cast next week, right?
Ow!
You okay?
Your table got all GTA on my elbow.
She got beat up by a pizza man!
Put down the joke, step away from the joke.
Hey, at least it's not, you know, cake pie anymore.
You guys are gonna be here next week even though I'm not, right?
Yes.
all right so that's that should be interesting it'll be anger chat for 30
minutes you know I could always call in on Skype or something always set you on
fire until next time boys and girls that's the end of another orange lounge
radio to go edition this podcast is a proud part of www.orange lounge radio
See you next update!
