Orange Lounge Radio To Go Edition, week of July 18th, 2005.
You're tuned in to the Orange Lounge Radio To Go Edition, your podcast home for all the latest video game news and gamer chat.
Now, here are your hosts, DarkSakura, Sky, and Loki.
Hello everybody out there in podcast land, and welcome to another edition of the Orange Lounge Radio To Go show.
video game radio dedicated to those games that don't suck but you know
sometimes we gotta talk about games that do suck my name is Rob Roberts you might
know me as Sky and I'll be joining you on this week's podcast as I do every
week and of course as every week we have two co-hosts the one and only Dark
Sakura yo what up my homies what is up and Loki yes I'm here how you doing how
you guys doing tonight? It's been a day and a week. You just look beat Dark
Sakura. Yeah, that's a good description. Has the fan mail perked you up at all? You
get more fan mail than any of us. You know what? Wait, did you see that? She just
perked up like all of a sudden she's full of life. She's like, yay! Fan mail. Well, I
have this sort of complex about myself where I'm like, eh, that's nice but I
I don't deserve it, you know?
You do, though.
You're a good guy.
I can't be the diva all the time.
I have to be modest on occasion.
Maybe I want to be the diva, dammit.
Somebody send me a family.
You can't be the diva.
Oh, girl.
There could be only one.
There could be only one diva.
I'm going to be the diva just tonight.
I'm kind of, ugh.
All right.
How's the new Harry Potter book going for you?
I'm about halfway through it right now.
Dang, dang, you people read that book very fast.
I haven't had a whole bunch of time to read it.
This is only actually the equivalent of four hours reading.
Wow.
So which Harry Potter book does he go through puberty?
He's already been going through puberty.
He is in very much angsty teenager mode the whole time.
He's angry at everybody with hormones.
With the slowest they've been making the movies, pretty soon it's going to end up like Beverly
Hills 90210 where by the time the sixth or seventh movie rolls around and Harry Potter
is supposed to be in high school, that kid's going to be like 30.
they've actually been aging physically in good accordance because they were
going through the whole voice change thing in the third one it was cute all
right let me try to relate this to games a little bit have you ever played the
Harry Potter games yes I have what do you think of them crap all of them the
only one I played which one did you like it one second one I played the kiddich
game thought it would it's whatever kiddich quidditch I thought it was kind
of crap but I played one where Harry was just kind of walking around I think it
was Azkaban I don't remember but it was kind of cool it's okay I kind of like
exploring the all the places and doing the stuff I just wish it would be cool
it'd be like an MMORPG for the Harry Potter you know it'll happen you know
it'll I will be on that so fast we're gonna talk about another MMO potential
for lots of fanboys and girls tonight on the show all right well what you're
think in the Oregon Trail thing. Oregon Trail, the MMORPG.
It's a reference to our three-hour show earlier this evening. Which you should all be listening to as well.
One of our callers brought up Oregon Trail, the MMO, should be a great idea.
We're going to start an online petition and everything, so we'll see.
Speaking of online things, did you know that we got nominated for
the podcast awards? www.podcastawards.com
Best Gaming Podcast. How do you like that? That's because we're very special.
pretty cool. I'm very happy about that. Thank you guys who got us nominated for
that.
If you want to go vote, you can. Just head on over to that site and place your vote.
And you know why you're there? Just the roster of nominees is like this who's
who of podcasting. So
you'll find lots of great shows over there. So go take a look, definitely. Vote
often, vote daily.
Alright, let's get into the games. Let's talk about
more specifically the games we've been playing this week. And who am I?
Oh that's right, I'm here. Yeah, we did not
Do Loki's intro? Yes, I did it. I said Loki and Dark Sakura. I'm not really away. Don't make me roll back the day
Are you drunk again? I'm not drunk. You act you actually got a fan mail this week cuz you know, you were drunk
I don't get fan mail. I get spam mail
All right. Anyway, anyways
What games you've been playing this week Dark Sakura?
Hardly any I played PSO once. Mm-hmm and
and that's really about it.
Oh no, I put Guitar Man today on my 50-inch widescreen HDTV.
It was like my entire range of vision was Guitar Man, and I suck at that game.
The power power level kicked my ass,
and it's only the second level.
Guitar Man is a very strange music game. It's very different. The analog, like,
in Guitar Man, of course, you're trying to play the guitar, and there's this one point where you move the analog stick
very carefully, and you try to trace the pattern.
it's kinda it's harder than you think yeah at least I for me but maybe I just
I think it's my first time actually playing the game and I've owned it for
two years
mmm wow I unwrapped it last year
alright Loki what kind of games you been playing this week? I've been working on
Killer7
made through the second level finally on third level and it just keeps getting stranger
and yeah it's pretty much that and then on PSP I've been playing a lot of
inboard games I've got the
Namco battle collection I've been testing out, which has been pretty cool.
Definitely got all your retro favorites in there, plus the remade ones are
really nice.
Like the remade ones from the early nineties, because like Pac-Man and
Rally-X and stuff, they had in the arcades, they were cool.
No, these weren't in the arcades, these were made specifically for the PSP.
They're really nice, they look pretty, and they play well, so that's good.
I like retro upgrades. I always liked Mario loss levels.
Well, I'm sorry, not just Mario loss levels, but that was a part of
Mario All-Stars. Thank you.
And then I've been playing this puzzle game, uh, Col-On, um, a lot, and it's just some weird...
It's friggin' hard, it's just... but it's a lot of fun, and I've been...
Please tell me it's not spelled just like colon.
It's with a K.
Oh, okay, good.
K-O-L-L-O-N, okay.
I've been playing Col-On, and it was pretty cool, and I've been trying that out and stuff.
Wait, wait, so a puzzle game you like on PSP?
Yeah, it's really a lot of puzzle games coming out.
We got bashed on Mercury and Smart Bomb, so...
Well, Mercury sucked and Smart Bomb was not even finished, you know, whatever, I mean,
they just sucked.
But anyways, I've been trying those and then playing a little bit of Coded Arms and stuff
and it was pretty fun.
So yeah, just trying out the PSP games and stuff, whatever I can get my hands on.
Well go figure, while Loki's been playing PSP, I've been playing DS.
I played two new DS games this week.
First one I checked out was Puyo Puyo, the new DS version of Puyo Puyo, which it kind
of did for those you guys have played Puyo Puyo before you might have played it
and not even known it because it was called Sonic's or no Dr. Robotnik's Magic
Bean Machine on Genesis and then on Super Nintendo it was Kirby's Avalanche
whoo I remember Kirby's Avalanche it was both of them were just different
versions of Puyo Puyo well they have this game now and it's original kind of
Japanese anime form on the DS but they kind of changed the game a little bit
They change some of the mechanics, like they put fat pieces in them, like pieces that would
usually be like, think of super gems from Puzzle Fighter 2 that fall, like big red,
they're like 2x2s, they're just like fat red pieces and stuff, you know, different colors.
So they change some of the game mechanics and keep it a little bit fresh.
Some of the rest of the game though is a little bit dorky, like they have the cut scenes where
they're talking to each other and it's all anime style, so they're all like cute little
girls talking like this except they talk very slow when they do their talking so
you know you're like sitting waiting waiting and it's kind of like why is it
in a lot of these games when they're talking to each other back and forth
they don't talk normally they slow down their speech like they're reading it
line by line why is that so I don't know but it's it I was kind of impressed just
to see all that in a little teeny DS cartridge the fact that they even had
voice acting in it so I guess it's a you know hope of what's to come type thing
but you know Puyo Puyo it isn't about the cutscenes it's about the action of
the game so for a puzzle game it's a lot of fun if you liked any of those games I
previously mentioned like Kirby's Avalanche and stuff you will like this
game also loving this the new DS games are starting to be eight player games
off of one cartridge Bomberman, Meteos not necessarily eight players but four
you know loving that so I'm very happy to report that Puyo Puyo does the
multi-player off one cartridge as well, that's great. Also, another DS game I
checked out this week was Kirby's Canvas Curse, which has actually been out for
about a month now, but I got it for my birthday. Thank you, Loki. So I've actually
been playing that, and I have to admit I didn't want to play this game at first
because I had a bad feeling it was gonna be like Yoshi Touch and Go, which if you
listen to earlier podcasts, I did not like Yoshi Touch and Go. I thought it was
way too generic, like it felt unfinished, like it was like there was only two
stages in the game or something. I didn't care for Yoshi Touch and Go, but I'm
I'm proud to report, Kirby's Canvas Curse takes a lot of those kind of concepts in Yoshi
Touch and Go, even though the games were probably being developed around the same time, a lot
of those concepts in Yoshi's Touch and Go are brought into Kirby's Canvas Curse and
it's done much better.
So if you actually liked Yoshi's Touch and Go, I didn't, but if you did, you will like
Kirby's Canvas Curse because there's way more interactivity and there's so many different
levels and things to unlock.
And if you're a Kirby fan, you're going to like it because it has the old music and the
cute graphics. But please note, this does not play like a normal Kirby game. That's
one thing you want to keep in mind. It's Kirby Canvas Curse, and basically Kirby sort of
moves automatically, and you can touch him with a stylus to make him roll faster, or
if he's killed an enemy, you can use the power. Like if you hit one of the stone guys, then
tapping on Kirby will make him turn into a stone. But it doesn't function like the other
ones. You don't suck in the enemies using your breath like you did in the old Kirby
games, it doesn't quite have that same gameplay element. The gameplay is much
different because you're drawing paths for Kirby to take, which I know sounds
very simple, but it's actually kind of complicated and the level design is
pretty smart in the game. So I guess that's kind of my review. If you like
Kirby the character, you'll like this game. If you like Kirby the actual game,
you may want to rent or borrow this one first to make sure that the mechanics of
the game are gonna be something you enjoy. But if you liked Touch and Go,
you're gonna like this one. So that's my thought on Kirby Campus Curse. I forgot to mention
I also played one more game called- What's that? Glow Race Fantastic Carnival? It's some
racing game that's in Korea for the PSP. I don't like it. It was lame. I'm sorry to hear
that. It's like a cheap version of Mario Kart that's not even close to being Mario Kart
and just lame. I can't wait for Mario Kart DS though. Oh yeah. You know Mario Kart DS
and Animal Crossing DS are gonna have the online thing. At least that's what they're
saying right now. Yeah I hope so. I can't wait for that. Well you know it's gonna happen.
showing it off at E3. But what's interesting is that OneUp.com ran a story this week about
Metroid Prime Hunters not having the online capability and just kind of, why didn't, you
know, because this game's been delayed and delayed over and over again, why didn't they
bother to add in the online capability? Because think about it, Metroid Prime Hunters have
been a lot of fun online. And there's some quotes in the articles here. The producer
of the game, Kensuke Tanabe, says, really, we could have made this game online, but Nintendo's
version of online play is different from that of other companies we wanted it to
be free easy and easy to access for everybody to set up the kind of
infrastructure that we needed and to meet the launch date we have for this
game the two just didn't match and that makes me think what was the launch date
for this game because dang it's been like a year since the DS came out well
okay maybe not quite that life feels like a year in reality it's probably
been what eight months or so since DS came out and prime hunters was the
built-in demo and I would think that the built-in demo would be the game that
would be coming out within like the first three months so unless there was
just one hell of a teaser that's what it basically ended up being and of course
then they kind of you know try to soften the blow here about Metroid Prime
Hunters not being online Richard Verotti game designer over at Nintendo says I
don't think we look at it as a negative thing because we're not focusing on the
internet we got to focus on the Wi-Fi stuff so four players can jump in like
that and if only one person has the game well you can download it too and then
play with your friends I think it's gonna be the perfect multiplayer game
because of that and I'll give them points for that I do like the fact on
the DS you really get to sample a lot of games because it seems to be this
running trend in a lot of games where you can play off of one cartridge and
that at least is cool but the internet thing would have been cool I would have
liked to play some of our podcast listeners on the internet but yeah I
I lost my Metroid Prime Hunters demo. So I don't know where it is. I know exactly where mine is. It's
The demo is fun, but I want the full game, you know, and what's weird? I didn't really like it
I you know what? I don't like the 3d metroids on GameCube personally, like I did not get into them
I love old-school Metroid Super Metroid. I think is one of the greatest games ever made
I'm still gonna have to send you the Metroid maker. Oh like make your own
Oh, you gotta send this someone had done a map editor for Metroid and someone has actually made a Metroid game out of a ROM hack
thing so yeah that's cool um I love super I did not get into the three to
eight three two three three D metroids as much but I love the the DS one I
actually for some reason that the 3d thing works for me on that I don't know
why it doesn't look nearly as good as it does on GameCube but for some reason I
like it I don't I don't know what it is go figure all right so what do you guys
think online play on DS something that more games should be looking at doing or
let's let's see how these early ones do first before we start going let's get
more online play because if it's gonna suck then no all right we got a couple
letters tonight sent to us via to go at orange lounge radio.com that's to go at
orange lounge radio.com so I thought we'd read a couple letters unfortunately
we get we're getting a lot of mail so we don't have time to answer everything but
dark Sakura she does check that mailbox and yeah I'd reply to my mailbox bill
All I'm getting is spam!
Do you need breast enhancement?
Apparently I do, because there's a lot of people sending me that info.
I still like that one webcomic you linked me to, Rob.
The Spamusement. That's hilarious.
I love Spamusement. Seriously, I think it's the best webcomic out there.
And it's so simple. Spamusement.com gets my full endorsement. I love that site.
Alright, let's open up the mailbag.
Let's see, we got a fan letter here. I'm going to read the Loki fan letter here. This was
from Same. Same says he was catching up on some of the old podcasts while cleaning up
around my room and I was listening to the July 4th podcast and I must say the following
words. I loved it. I am so serious. Loki was hilarious and I couldn't stop laughing every
time he spoke. Do it some more. Seriously guys, that game was awful. Seriously. It was
really awful. Seriously, it was awful. Look, um, Loki, next time he drinks, he's gonna
be under strict monitoring when he drinks. He barfed on the carpet! It was disgusting!
I had 20 shots of vodka! I mean, what do you expect? You need to be babysat next time you
I thought it was a single shot glue drink responsibly boys and girls
I didn't even think about it
Alright, let's get to another letter here. This one is from
Does this person have a handle? I couldn't see it in here. Sorry if you had a handle and I missed it
This is from Brett and Brett wants to know I played Silent Hill 1 & 2
I thought the second game was one of the best games available at the time
I absolutely love Silent Hill 2 and then Silent Hill 3 popped its ugly head
I wasn't feeling the 17 year old life vesting wearing chick and the game was a bit boring to me
I think I played about two hours of it. My question is Silent Hill 4. Is it worth checking out?
I know that the movie is coming out soon. It's been a hot topic on the show
So Silent Hill 4 is the only one of the series. I haven't played yet. Should I give it a whirl?
That's from Brett. What do you guys think those you guys definitely?
Definitely you think so it's pretty good. What do you think dark Sakura? Have you played?
We've had my copy of Silent Hill 4. I hope you've played it. Well, I have my own copy
I thought I gave you yours back.
I don't know.
Well, I'll find it sometime when I unpack.
Alright, that's cool.
What do you think, though?
Would you recommend Silent Hill 4?
Well, yeah.
You know, Silent...
First of all, in my response that I had given back, I would say I told him to try Silent
Hill 3 all the way through, because it really does get a lot better, but Silent Hill 4 is
definitely from a male perspective, and it's very, I think, unique to the series.
Very cool.
I would definitely recommend Silent Hill 4. I, to be honest, I haven't even really
played Silent Hill 3.
So, but... I'm liking it. I really like Silent Hill 3.
Silent Hill 4 is a continuation of the story from Silent Hill 2.
So, I don't see how it could really be amiss.
I love the soundtrack, especially. The soundtrack, I think, is one of the best
parts
of the whole game. That's what I love about it. So,
at least rent it. Do yourself a favor, rent it. I think the idea of renting
games is really great so definitely check that out.
Alright and then one other letter we got from Mark and Mark actually lives in the UK and
sent us a really great email, so great, but it was kind of long so I can't read the whole
thing but it's a follow up to last week's podcast, remember how we were talking about
the rating system and I said that they should do it like they do the movies.
Well in here Mark writes, well this is how it's done in the UK to an extent, game ratings
Ratings in most of Europe are given out by the Pan-European Gaming Information with ratings
including 3+, 7+, 12, 16, and 18 printed on the boxes for each game, and often also accompanied
by icons to describe the reasons for this rating.
Although I don't believe the ratings are legally binding, retailers do tend to enforce the
16 and 18 ratings.
Also, most retailers will not stock a game without a PEGI rating, although again I don't
think there's a legal requirement for them to do so.
And then went on to say, the ratings tend to be quite effective as the 15 and 18 ratings
have been used on movies for a very long time, so parents recognize the logos and understand
the reasons for these ratings.
Although Vinny linked us to an article that said that maybe the studies don't quite link
up to that.
And then they were talking about, Mark was talking about the hysteria, regarding hysteria
about violent games in the UK. A notable recent case involved a boy, 14, getting murdered
by an older teenager. It was reported that the older teenager had been inspired to kill
the younger child by the game Manhunt. So that was kind of a whole big thing going on
over there. Very interesting to hear the UK perspective. And then Mark ends his letter
by saying, maybe everyone would be more mellow if Katamari Damacy ever came out over here.
And I didn't even realize that game wasn't out over there.
Neither did I. You need that game. You guys need that game. Import that stuff or something.
Well, I don't think they can because of the television difference, but...
Hey, you know what? A lot of TVs come out now able to switch between PAL and NTSC.
Figure out a way to do it. You guys need that game. You're right. People would mellow out if
they could play some Katamari Damacy. Play it on a computer monitor.
Very cool. No problem on a computer monitor. All right. Thank you very much, Mark, for your
mail. It was very nice. I like it in the long mails. It really shows they listen to us. It's
great alright so we're gonna close up the mailbag again if you guys have an
email to go at orange launch radio dot-com are the PlayStation 2 version of
Grand Theft Auto San Andreas it was confirmed by GameSpot that it does have
the hot coffee content so that's interesting because as we were saying
last week you have to mod your game to do this but apparently the sequence of
codes have been discovered or something that will actually unlock this in the
PlayStation 2 version of the game which kind of goes well well now is this a
case of Rockstar was just lazy and didn't take the code out apparently it
could be like you know the code pointing to it or whatever could be like you know
truncated out or something like that I just put one code in there to patch you
know the rewrite the code I mean I don't see how they're guilty for having this
code in there if it's disabled I mean there's a lot of things that can be
disabled in a game but that's not part of the game it's not what you're playing
because now this issue is just snowballing it's training bigger there
were reports earlier this week that now Hillary Clinton is on board against all
this oh come on she needs him something you know the bitch about but I I think
you know I I'm not gonna dog Hillary Clinton or whatever because I think well
I will blame because I think a lot of people in this case are being a little
bit ignorant and I can't say I blame them 100% because not everybody's a
gamer and I don't think there's any senators that are video gamers although
if there are that would be cool and I would vote for them. She probably thinks
that you know Bill Clinton slept with Monica. Now wait a minute. Because
he saw the whores in you know Grand Theft Auto. Wait a minute. There's nothing
to do with it. Does it? I think people are thinking that this is actually in the
game and was like something hidden by the people who coded it as some type of
of, like, secret feature, but that really doesn't seem to be the case when you look
into it.
Oh, but do they do the research?
No!
Well, that's the problem.
I think that's why this whole thing is blown out of proportion.
I don't think people have been doing the appropriate research, and I'm hoping that that is the
investigation they're going to do, and that's what they're going to find out, because what
they want to find out, did Rockstar release this game knowing that they were marketing
this as a mature game when it should have been adults only because this would be unlocked
by somebody?
some hacker went and figured out a way to do it and Rockstar was under the
impression that that wouldn't happen because they had removed the code that
points to the hot coffee mug. And did they, I don't know, investigate why
Janet Jackson's boob popped out? No, they did not. Instead, they pointed fingers.
That's the whole reason. They're not going to investigate it because
why? Because they have this bias against the game industry anyways and this is
just more fuel to their fire that's it you know they're just they they want to
see everything censored and everything you know hunky-dory Christian so what I
don't understand this is something you know if you think about it M would be
like an R rating on a movie right because a o would be like the NC 17
rating right and they want to say that this hot coffee mod should earn this
game and adults only rating but my god have you seen sex scenes and how many are
rated movies I mean should that really qualify this game for an a o rating
granted I'm maybe I myself being a leader here because I have not seen the
mod myself but I'm assuming how bad can it be it's pixelated for God's sake how
bad can it be
you know I don't well it is pretty graphic but it's not
the grant to graphic to the point where I'd say it be either money shots
no that there just pixelated movies
but still still look at look at God war
there's a sex minigame in that game and I mean
And there's boobies that are not pixelated, they're out there saying hello, and he basically
says, you know, hey, thanks for the screw, get off my fucking boat, you know, that's
basically...
And that game was an M-rated game, right?
Yes it was.
An M-rated game.
Not AO.
Not AO.
Interesting.
It's because there's like, penetration in it or something, you know.
Who knows?
Anybody that's learned about the birds and the bees knows that when we're talking about
sex, penetration's involved.
on there's a freaking dildo weapon in this game I mean do we do you can
actually put in a code to get an army of whores with dildos and vibrators running
behind you while you're in a gimp costume I mean come on this game is you
know it's meant to be this way people are reading way too much in this is you
know what's gonna happen people are gonna see that hot coffee mutt they're
gonna go rape people that's what's gonna happen because you know Grand Theft Auto
causes people to murder each other because you know it's just subliminal
messaging because we we have no control if if we see TV do it we've got to go do
it it's an impulse well bottom line and I think we can all agree on this kids
shouldn't be playing Grand Theft Auto why are you buying your kids Grand Theft
Auto honestly I walked in the game spot just last week and I watched a parent
let her kid who couldn't have been older than 12 by Grand Theft Auto and I'm just
thinking okay I realize that there's very mature 14 15 16 year olds out there
that can probably handle it I know 14 year olds that are more mature than some
32 year old I know I think contract because when you're buying this for the
fucking people make them sign a contract if it's their parents buying for him say
I understand what is in this game and I understand it oh and then that way if
their son goes and murder somebody and they blame it on grant the thought but
no no no no no because you understood what you were getting into so that's
your own damn fault bad parent bad all right I'm sure we'll get some emails on
that one let's go to a happy family-friendly story shall we will talk
about worms a nice game about worms oh wait these worms have guns and blow each
other up I guess this isn't so family-friendly I like worms but worms is
coming to the PSP and DS I liked worms when it was called scorched earth and it
was out on the PC like 10 years 15 years ago by the way it's up scorched earth is
actually being ported to the PSP already has that's awesome
thq today announced that it'll publish two new worms games for the DS and the
PSP. No release date set yet, but is it really any surprise that Worms is coming
out on the DS and the PSP? Probably not.
I don't know, but THQ, I want my five dollars back because the cell phone game version of
Worms sucked ass.
I thought this was interesting. Sega, it is rumored that their new arcade board
is actually based on the Xbox 360. I heard that.
The distributors in Japan are saying that the Lindbergh system, which is Sega's new
system their new arcade board it does use the 360 architecture very interesting
and this by the way would be the second time that a Microsoft console has been
the inspiration for a Sega arcade cabinet the Chihiro board was based on
the current Xbox you mean it's not the third time that that's happened since
there's only been I don't know two systems so this logically can only be
the second time just just reporting just reporting what's on the internet out
there okay dark soccer you're Sega fangirl what do you think of this one
Sega teaming up with well not necessarily teaming up with Microsoft
but certainly using a lot of their stuff as long as they're using them and not
climbing into bed with them I'm happy you know it makes sense though because look
at them like for instance I saw an article on project Gotham Racing 3 near
photorealistic imagery that's in that game I mean it's just amazing just the
quality graphics that can be pushed out by the sport more power to them if they
want to make an arcade game like that wait a minute did I just hear you say
something nice about the Xbox yes about the Xbox 360 can somebody please note
the date and time this is a miracle the 360 I still dislike the fact that it's
you know that one of the selling points is custom faceplates because that's
retarded but you know whatever hey it's that it's aimed at that same market that
watches pimp my ride what can I say speaking of the s box 360 I have one
more quick story on this. Marvel said this week, and this is of course at the Comic-Con
convention they unveiled this, they have an exclusive agreement with Microsoft to produce
MMORPGs that will be on the Xbox 360. So you can expect to see like Spider-Man and all
that stuff, MMORPGs, Fantastic Four also, X-Men, Iron Man, only on Xbox 360 and MMORPG4.
Yeah, it's going to be a Marvel Universe MMO.
This is no surprise because they actually filed lawsuits against people that did, what
was it?
The Superhero City of Heroes because of their character generator people were using to create
likenesses of characters that look very similar to this and they said that that would cause,
that would kind of put a dent in the being able to create an MMO featuring Marvel characters.
So we knew this was coming, but yeah, I mean DC is doing theirs, so why not?
Sony Online is working with DC, that was announced earlier, so that's just kind of interesting.
You know, that's kind of what I thought when I first heard this, I was like, don't we already
have a game called City of Heroes?
But in City of Heroes, it's more about creating your own thing, and with the Marvel games,
it's about playing characters that, well, assumably, you're going to play as characters
or interact with characters that you know and love.
You know, a lot of people love Fantastic Four, Spider-Man, just absolute fandoms out there
for this, so this game is going to appease them.
Are they going to kill off all the main characters like they did for the Matrix game?
What?
Oh, nothing.
I'm sorry.
Alright.
Um.
By the way, follow up to your lawsuit there, NCSoft had a little bit of a victory there
because the judge threw out a lot of Marvel's complaints, just so you know.
Eh.
Alright.
Alright, moving on.
Loki, why don't you tell us what's going on in the hack and crack world?
Lots of stuff.
First off, PSP stuff, they have released the brand new loader for the PSP UMD rips.
It's 2.5e or something like that.
It allows most of the games to play with Wi-Fi and sound because I guess the PRX files, they're
like these library files kind of like on Windows where you have DLL files.
Library files are being loaded now so you can do Wi-Fi in a lot of games and you can
also overclock the games as well, which was kind of neat.
So that was one of the things.
The other thing that came out which was really cool was the SCUMM VM PSP Beta.
And for those who don't know, SCUMM stands for, what was it, it was, oh man, it's the
programming language that they use to write games like Maniac Mansion and Monkey Island
and those wonderful games, the LucasArts games.
Anyway, so you can actually play these games now, you can put this file on there and play
all your PC games. Those LucasArts games were awesome, like Loom and stuff. Yes, they are
awesome, yes. So you can play those and that was really cool. Of course, also, the other
thing that was really, that came out, they actually have brand new emulators and stuff.
They have one for the Dreamcast VMUs, which is kind of interesting. The other thing, what
that I put on there the other week. I don't know, just updates to all the brand new emulators
and whatnot. So, you know, check out the updates, they're really cool. Just lots of cool stuff
out there. Like I said before, you know, check out PSPupdates.com, you can find a lot of
info on there. Just lots of cool games, especially since Scorched Earth is being ported over,
that's really nice. We need ZZT. We need ZZT. Please, ZZT. Oh, one more thing. Oh, I forgot.
Doom. They fixed Doom, so now it plays better and it has good sound. Sounds good. Lots of
homebrew stuff on the PSP. It's just exploding. Alright, well we here at Orange Lounge Radio,
we're not here to just talk about video games all the time, because if we played video games
all the time, we'd have no time to go to the mall. So, we're here to better your life and
In what way better to better your life than allow the one and only DarkSakura to present
her advice column.
So DarkSakura, what are you going to be giving us advice about tonight?
Today's bit of advice is how to escape when tied up.
Some people may not want to escape when tied up.
Hey!
We need to stay PG rated tonight.
Sorry.
Well, he already dropped the F bomb.
Yeah, well fuck what he did, okay?
Okay, sorry.
Number one, when your captors start binding you, expand your body as much as possible.
Take a deep breath, puff out your chest, and pull your shoulders back.
Two, flex your arms against the bonds, push against the bonds as much as possible.
Three, once your captors leave, suck in your chest and stomach, wiggle free with the extra
room you have given yourself.
But my final bit of advice...
Yes?
This bondage party is sick, man, sick.
Alright. And with that, DarkSakura, you're...
are you on your way out? Yes, I must.
Alright. The man has the car today. I see. Alright.
And I'd recommend you also don't try to get out of your bondages with a
lighter because you might set fire to the whole Nazi castle
like in, uh, Indiana Jones.
Shut up. Alright. DarkSakura, your final thought, then, before you take off.
Fuck your yaky blue jeans. I'm sorry. Reject false icons.
Alright, bye DarkSakura!
Bye!
Have fun storming the castle!
Okay, we're not done just yet.
We have another couple quick stories for you guys, then we're gonna make it a wrap.
PlayStation 3.
You remember how PlayStation 3 was originally supposed to double as a router as well?
It was?
Yeah.
It was originally gonna double as a router.
Well kids, not anymore.
It's no longer going to be a router.
They have quietly dropped over at Sony the PlayStation 3 router functionality.
and that was going to, of course, make your PlayStation 3 able to function as a router.
Well, I can understand why they had it function as a router,
because I was looking at the pictures of it and there's like three ethernet ports,
and I'm like, what the hell is that for?
There's like 5,000 ports on the back of a PlayStation 3.
But ethernet ports, I'm like, what the hell do they need three ethernet ports for?
I just didn't understand that, but whatever.
Well, now you've got to wonder, are they even going to be the ethernet ports anymore
if they're getting rid of the network?
probably blank but so they're gonna remove functionality like you know will
it not be able to play games pretty soon because they've removed the hard drive
they remove you know this they remove what else I mean here's a hint Sony
remove the boomerang your old controller was just fine seriously don't try to
improve on something that's already good all right you know but the rumor is that
the revolution is still gonna have this router capability with it that would be
cool yeah I mean I don't I don't but but how well we'll see we'll see we
speculate all we want I thought they were releasing their own like router or
something no no no no we don't know until they start showing the goods
rumors rumors until then last story tonight interesting report over on BMJ
journals calm this is a site that's dedicated to light it's like a
healthcare archive kind of has a lot of reports it's the general medical
Journal website is what they call it on their main page. They had an article
recently about video games and health so if you want to look at this up
bmjjournals.com talking about how video games can be used in the treating of
cancer patients which kind of makes you go well that's kind of weird you know
you wouldn't think of that but sure enough they say in the report here one
innovative application of video games in healthcare is their use in pain
management. The degree of attention needed to play such a game can distract
the player from the sensation of pain, a strategy that has been reported and evaluated amongst
pediatric patients. One case study reported the use of a handheld video game to stop an
eight-year-old boy from picking at his face. Because, you know, he had this disease that
was causing him to want to, you know, pick at his face and stuff. So, just kind of interesting,
video games taking your mind off of other things being used as actual medical treatment.
So what a nice follow-up to have to the, you know, video games are evil story that we had
earlier in the show. It sure beats the, you know, dog cone caller for it, like, you know,
people are trying to pick their face. But I guess that's right. But, uh, yeah, I guess
that's good. I mean, you know. Laura Croft fights cancer. Alright. Maybe that'll be the
next Tomb Raider. Alright, kids, that's gonna do it. That's gonna do it for just don't even
talk because you're gonna offend somebody. I know you're thinking and you're just gonna
to offend somebody.
All right, you know what?
Just email Loki if you want to know the jokes, okay? Just email him.
He'd like the attention.
That's gonna do it for another episode of Orange Launch Radio To Go.
Loki, your final thought.
No, I gotta play some more games.
I'm trying to... I gotta
work on some Killer7 and hopefully they're gonna import ZZT over.
Otherwise the next thing I gotta do is I gotta make some hacked ROMs and put them in my Nintendo
emulator.
Alright, and my final thought is, I'm gonna go play on my new HDTV, I'm gonna go play
2DX widescreen.
Woohoo!
That's it!
Alright, thanks for tuning in to us and subscribing to our podcast, we'll see you next week with
more Orange Lounge Radio To Go.
That's the end of another Orange Lounge Radio To Go edition.
This podcast is a proud part of www.orangeloungeradio.com See you next update!
