Orange lounge radio to go edition week of July 25th 2005
You're tuned in to the orange lounge radio to go edition your podcast home for all the latest video game news and gamer
Chat now here your hosts dark Sakura sky and low
Hello everybody and welcome to another week of the orange lounge radio to go edition this by the way if I've done my math
Right is our 30th show. Can you believe that I've been here every single week for about the past six months
A little more seven months ever since January. We've started this thing
So thank you guys for sticking with us throughout this whole thing. And of course hello to our new listeners as well
We appreciate you guys deciding to check us out and listening to our little program here about video games that don't suck
Although sometimes we have to talk about the sucky ones too, but just to warn you to stay away from them
My name is Rob Roberts you might know me as Sky joining me as always are my awesome co-hosts
Right over there the one and only dark Sakura Jamie Summers. Yo, yo yo, what up Minji hat?
How you doing Minji hat? What is the Minji hat for those that may not know?
It's a hat that looks like the top of Minji's head for anyone who's ever watched Excel saga Excel saga
All right, and over there is the one and only Loki. Yes. I am. I'm right here. How you doing?
I'm doing good sounds good alright let's go around we always like to start off
the podcast letting you know about our gaming week and how we're doing in our
gaming worlds so I'm gonna start off with dark Sakura what even up to um I
haven't played much of anything except DDR the beginning of the week like one
game would you would what got you into DDR suddenly the fact that we were
being filmed for the news oh yeah I totally forgot to say that hello to
anybody who might have seen us on the local news here in Sacramento we were a
featured in it that was my really cool jeans oh yeah that you saw in the
article I was playing silent Hill we were featured in a story on podcasting
in the local news so hello to anybody that found us through that appreciate it
hopefully you weren't scared off by the way we look or Loki saying gosh
podcasting is fun gosh I'm an 80 is sound live whatever he got yeah let's
Let's cut it down to really something stupid.
What's the stupidest line you can say?
Oh, there it is!
There it is!
Get it!
Get it!
Get it!
Get it!
Got it!
Yeah!
I laughed.
Anyway, yeah, you laughed and you called me.
Oh, you're an idiot.
They made me look like a dumbass on TV.
That's funny.
And I watched and I'm like, huh?
What the hell?
Yeah, buddy.
Loki, what have you been up to this week, game-wise?
Besides gawking at the TV, I've been playing Intelligent License, which is yet another
Japanese PSP game. It's, um, for those who might remember back in, I think it was
PlayStation, um, Intelligent Cube, where you, like, heck yeah, I remember how Intelligent Cube,
like, it was awesome. Where you, like, dodge cubes or something. I can't remember that game too
well, but I did play it. You, you run around this big field, basically, and these
cubes are slowly rolling at you, and you have to trap cubes, basically. You, you,
it's like a puzzle game. You lay a green square on the ground, and you can pull a
cube, but you can only do certain ones. Like, you don't want to pull the black
cubes and then there are certain ones that will cause chain reactions but you
only have so many cubes you can pull before they roll you over that's the
whole puzzle so you have to use the multi trap cubes. The whole point of that
game I think was to test your intelligence and this is more the same
this game that reminds me of the VR missions from Metal Gear Solid because
it's very similar that you have to like you know go through mazes you have to
dodge like people with like these security guards with flashlights and
and whatnot. It's very similar to Metal Gear Solid VR missions.
Does it seem to have anything in common with the original Intelligent Cube at all?
It sorta looks the same, but other than that, no.
Does it have, like, orchestra music? Because I remember Intelligent Cube had a very
strange soundtrack. It was like all this, like,
big orchestra music. Yeah, it's got pretty good music in it, so it's decent.
More of the same, but I've been playing that a lot,
and then, what was it, just recently I've been playing peek-a-boo poker
on the Nintendo emulator which is
one of the like three adult games for the
Nintendo Entertainment System and it's very
very craptastic but it's by the same people that did Bubble Bath Babes
Bubble Bath Babes and Hot Slots so I have all three of those
There are some winning games right there. I remember seeing Bubble Bath Babes back in the day in a
rental store and I was like
I'm gonna play that someday and I did and I was disappointed
But then I played killer seven I progressed through another two levels and there's these one
Smile heaven smile things you have to attack they have t-shirts and it's cool because you can just shoot them then they have like giant
Smile, it's just this game right now. I thought you know progressing through it
I'd figure out what's going on
But the more and more I progress through the game the less and less I understand what's going on, but it's still fun
I so I'm playing through it still
All right, very cool anything else that's it. All right my gaming week
I just got I mentioned this very briefly at the last at the end of the last podcast
I just got a new television because my old one the
RCA yellow thing was coming loose like and so my video kept fading in and out
So I just finally decided to upgrade my TV and I went over to a big warehouse type store
And I bought a 30 inch HD TV widescreen. So now I'm all about the widescreen games
I'm like oh, I got to go back and play all these games because they're gonna look pretty and widescreen
I got to find the ones have the good graphics, so I thought okay. I'm gonna play Halo 2. That's that's a very pretty looking game
So I got on Halo 2 and I've been downloading the new maps and checking them out
And I also got on and decided to play on Xbox Live again because they've been doing all these updates to the game lately
So I thought I'd see if it played any differently and for someone like me who is a casual Halo 2 gamer
I can't tell there's been any differences at all except for the new maps and the new maps you good idea keeps the game fresh
So that's good. Um, one thing I did realize however, is that I am the worst Halo 2 player on the entire internet
Seriously, I'm horrible. I've played several games and my ranking hasn't budged. That's how bad I am
So if you ever see me in playing a Halo 2 match
Feel free to make fun of me because I really am that bad at Halo 2. I apologize
Other than that, I'm not I've just been playing kind of a lot of older games
Just kind of rediscovering things and widescreen just playing with Xbox and going. Oh, I didn't know this game supported widescreen
on all the little geeky techno things so no new games this week otherwise really
all right let's get into some gaming news tonight and tonight I want to start
off actually I should mention since I was talking about Halo 2 there actually
was a new Halo 2 update this week they're calling it the ban hammer update
basically what they're doing is that they are updating the game because there
have been people that have been trying to mod Halo 2 and they can basically
jump over ships pass through walls become invisible when you're not
supposed to it's basically the same old thing people trying to hack the game
that you're not supposed to is they can play online are they putting a sex
minigame in Taylor no there was they were not hacking halo 2 to put a sex
minigame in it but they were pissing off the people at bungee so they decided
that hey we're gonna put this new patch out there and you're required to
download it if you want to play online and I noticed this when I was playing
Halo 2 online they've really started putting all these messages in the game that says hey like like, you know
When you're waiting to join why I know you don't because you don't play Halo 2 Loki
But when you're waiting to join a match on
Halo 2 you get these little messages think of it as like the tip of the day like whenever you start a program like Photoshop
You always get the tip of the day. We catch you cheating. You'll be dead
That's basically what they've changed it to now. They have these little messages that go by they have the useful tips as well
but then they have these things that go by going if
cheating is not honored around here and we will ban your ass type things you
know obviously they don't use that kind of language but you get the idea they're
trying to put these little public service announcements that you know we
catch you we ban you type things so they're just trying to curb the people
that feel like they have to cheat to get ahead in Halo 2 because you know being
the number one person on the Halo 2 leaderboard apparently wins you all this
type of fame and fortune and all this stuff so every kid wants to be it I
I don't know. I don't understand. Why would somebody want to cheat on Halo 2?
It's fun. Just to get ahead. Nothing better to do. It's fun to get away with it.
They use the internet for self-validation. Just like people in Final Fantasy 11 who are
like teleporting themselves around. We have people on our link show to do that actually.
Speaking of Final Fantasy 11, maybe for not much longer because they actually
had a patch this week.
Their patch actually had a little something to do with Chains of Promathia.
They actually added
a little more to the story in Chains of Promathia and they added some more
uh... bosses so basically they're trying to wrap up the storyline there
forty-three megabyte download for pc users is pretty big that's what i've
quit that day i want to quit raining on the hunt for us to our parades
what did you start playing again
i'm thinking about it
no no use i have here so with me i haven't played in a month miss none in a
pia so i'm thinking about but i don't want to match
yet but you have played again haven't played a month
because uh...
i
the what the woman is uh... yelling at me
with too much computer use she was comparing the computer to a woman today
so I was like
okay probably can't stay up and play Final Fantasy late
well one thing that'll make the Final Fantasy fans happy this is actually
something that made me happy because I've been waiting for them to do this for a
long time and it is something that is making me consider going back but
I'm not making any decisions until my work trips over next month but
what they did is that they are going to uh...
have some of these
items that were selling for tons and tons of guild the leaping boots the
Emperor's Hairpin now they're rare EX items so Gill sellers can't camp them
anymore for Gill so of course they'll find other ways to make their money with
the Gill selling but they're trying to at least curb that a little bit so very
interesting by the way Squeenix what we call Square Enix they recently
registered a brand new trademark it's called treasures of Ot Urgen hmm maybe a
new Final Fantasy 11 expansion who knows there was actually two names that were
registered no I didn't see the second one I heard that one I can't remember
the other one hmm I'll have to look at it all right well either way rumors
going around that with the Xbox 360 release we're gonna see a new expansion
pack anyway so all right yeah yeah yeah cut it out all right let's open up the
old mailbag we'll get into something dark Sakura might be interested in we'll
go to the mailbag because lots of good ones we got some good mail this week in
mailbag so I got more than what I actually boarded do you want to start
off by reading one then or you want me to go to one go ahead all right I'm
gonna start it off with an email this one came in from Rob Rob wanted to
follow up with something that we were saying about the Silent Hill last week
we're talking about Silent Hill for last week and somebody had been dogging on
Silent Hill 3 I don't remember no you like Silent Hill 3 right dark soccer I
think it might have been our emailer was dogging on it but Rob wanted to say that
the PC version of Silent Hill 3 is a kazillion CDs but it's only $9.99 best of
all it contains the Silent Hill 3 soundtrack I bought the soundtrack and
got a game for free it's a good way to check it check both out so my response
to him was if you buy Silent Hill 3 for the PlayStation 2 you get the soundtrack
really yes but for PC it's only 10 bucks so how much is it on ps2 right now it's
It's got to be at least a great chance, right?
So either way, I like that when they throw in those bonuses like the soundtrack and things
to get you to check the game out.
That is pretty cool.
And I just mentioned the other name that was out there, the Square Enix, registered was
Scars of War.
Thank you.
That could be its own game though, probably.
I also got another one from him, talking about how he was in Toys R Us the other day, and
a six-year-old could understand that an M-rated game was for a teen and not for
the kid but parents don't seem to understand that mm-hmm I think that's
pretty funny in a very sad way yeah in a very sad way that the six-year-old
understands the ratings better than his parents certainly I wanted to read
another email here that came from let's see who is this person the brain trust
was the person that sent this email and he was actually talking about the hot
Coffee Mod, he talked a lot about that in the beginning of his email and he had an interesting
perspective on that basically that he thought that video games overdo it sometimes.
Like games like Manhunt, they overdo it and probably shouldn't even be made because they
just overdo it basically.
But what I thought was interesting is at the end of his email he said, he was listening
to a podcast that we did on July 4th and we were commenting on the Left Behind game.
He said, although I don't know if it will be a good game and don't care, although the
premise has potential just to let you know the Christian community isn't all
stupid in fact I don't know any Christians with a feeling that all games
are evil the out-of-touch Christian stereotype doesn't fit anymore and you
know that to the fundamentalists to that I say you know you're right I mean in
when we are kind of poking fun at the whole thing and we're saying you know
oh that the Christians think that these games are evil I'd like to think that
that usually we preface it by saying that it's the extremist we're talking about in
this case.
The ones who actually publicly make the complaint.
The 700 Club.
Not every Christian is a crazy, foaming at the mouth, like crazy, I'm gonna ban games.
Like the morons behind the chick tracks, you know, whoever has succeeded Jerry Falwell
in his camp, you know, the fundamentalists.
And I have some good friends who are Christians and I'm not, you know, I personally am not
into that religion, but I have no problem... I went to church today!
There you go! Besides, it's now, it's not really hip to make fun of Christian
people, it's
hip to make fun of Scientology. Oh yeah, that's true, we have a new religion to be making fun of.
It's always been funny to make fun of Scientology. In all seriousness, and you can say this about
any group of people, whether it be a religious group, an ethnic group,
a, I don't know, whatever you come up with, a group of anybody, gamers even,
there's always a few bad apples that ruin it for everyone. So when we poke fun,
we're only poking fun at the extremists obviously there's plenty of great
Christian folks I have friends that are Christians just like I have friends that
are Buddhists and friends that are other religions and the great thing about the
country where we live in playing the play the anthem is that you can have
freedom of religion and choice and all that good enough for much longer
yeah free remember the government voting in those conservatives that'll be gone
real quick don't start the political thing or we're gonna get tons I'm not
I'm not I'm not alright out Fox last night
You got another email you want to read dark Sakura. I lost my place
All right, I got another one then if you don't have one
I wanted to read this one. This is cool. This was from a guy named Chris
And he actually works on a site called a society wild card
wants to say I wanted to thank you guys for providing an excellent entertaining and informative podcast
amongst the mediocrity and crap that is swimming out there in the podcast ocean
that's quite a compliment thank you no that's very cool no way to be talking
about governor Schwarzenegger's podcast be nice I'm a filmmaker out here in
Tampa Florida and I found the show while I was looking through podcast alley back
in June and I've been listening ever since you know something weird about
podcast alley it's not picking up our more recent shows ever since we went on
to iTunes I'm not sure what's going on with that but I emailed them so please
um...
make sure you subscribe to the show via itunes or via ipod or some other form
don't rely on necessarily uh... podcast alley
although it's a great site i'm not gonna knock podcast is a great site and we
have a lot of great people who voted for us over there as well
it it's just really really big and they don't have time to work on you know each
little individual podcast and its problems so you know he's given us a
plug on his show i think it's only fair to do the same for him absolutely he's
got a show you want to do if you go to the Chris show blogspot.com his podcast
is available there all right sounds good and he says he's a filmmaker so I just
want you to know that you know if you need a good actor I do all my own nude
scenes just you know I have voice acting I have my kick-ass one-liners like
podcasting it's so much fun all right you got any more emails for a
I'll do one more I know I sent you a bunch I think we got most oh here was
another one this here's one I'll read this one this would be the last one this
one comes to us from Brian in Michigan and he says he's been listening to the
podcast for a few weeks now thank you and he enjoys the discussion and our
thoughts on the news that's interesting he likes the fact that we kind of talk
about things we don't just kind of report report report so thank you we
appreciate that also another vote for the drunken Loki episode he liked that
so anyway what do you want it huh one more oh no I wonder I want to say the
rest there's another part to this here he's got a suggestion for us how about
some discussion on popular mods for PC games he says I don't think mods get
enough air time and there are some great ones out there let's also not forget how
many mods have become full games and how many modders have received jobs in the
industry a very interesting point I have to admit unfortunately I don't play a
a lot of PC games I do the most of my gaming on console not that I don't
respect a lot of PC games out there I'm actually really looking forward to
civilization 4 which by the way is supposed to be very mod friendly they're
supposed to be building this whole programming language and they're gonna
make it very mod friendly I think that's very cool Loki you would probably know
more about the modding thing why don't you talk about the PC mod so much well I
don't I don't play a lot of PC games anymore
honestly what I've been playing maybe Grand Theft Auto a little bit I have
hot coffee mod haven't actually played the hot coffee portion because getting the damn girlfriends
to actually understand you and like you know you have to take them out on dates and it's really
hard because they want to go do drive-bys and and they end up dying a lot of times they get shot in
the head and you're like oh your girlfriend's dead oh damn you know but so i don't do that instead
what i do is i download even more mods like the spider car mod where you can drive cars up walls
just crazy stuff like actually doing my own modding where you just adjust the aspects of
of different cars and stuff.
But there's some pretty cool ones.
Like there's one for, I think it was Unreal or whatever,
or Quake, the Enter the Tube or whatever like that,
the Penny Arcade mod that they had for that,
that was pretty cool.
Just, there's a lot of mods out there,
but unfortunately, you know, I don't play a lot of them.
It's just not in the budget for us
to be getting a lot of PC games.
The last mod I ever did was Gatchamon Quake.
Now, Quake was almost ten years ago, so it's old.
Quake Rally, where they turn that game into a racing game.
But some of those like that get adopted and get huge followings to them.
If any game publishers out there want to send us some
free games, and we will definitely look into how the internet is modding your game on the PC,
we'll certainly talk about it on the show. Drop us an email, togo
togo.com, and you should do that anyway if you have
any general comments on the show you got one more email for us we had one from
someone named Spencer just talking about the music games one of our opinions on
rocks or red octane mad cats and he's a apparently an indigo fan but I have to
say that if you really want our true opinion on the music games you should
probably check out our live show that's true we do do talk about it for three
hours well that's kind of a loose term that we are a train wreck we talk
strictly about the music games we do do a live show on orange launch radio.com
For three hours every Sunday night and you can hear Loki really rip on in a groove because he doesn't care for the game
and I will
Second that because in the groove is kind of but I I on the other hand. I'm not bothered by in the groove
I think it does some good things for the dance game community for those who don't know what in the groove is
It's kind of controversial in the music game scene because it was a game that look it was made by fans of dance dance revolution
who were sad to see the Dance Dance Revolution stopped in Japan with the
release of Dance Dance Revolution Extreme a couple years ago so they made
their own game that had some new ideas some original music etc but it's kind of
one of those things that got really you want to talk about mods to get blown out
of proportion this was something that got way way way too big and now it has a
home release and it's so basically it's just very controversial I like in the
groove somewhat I like some of the things that it brings to the table like
I like some of some of the music in the game I think mines when used
appropriately is an interesting new twist on the dance game but there's a
lot of things I don't like about it and a lot of it has to do with the online
community I hate to say it I but I just really hope you're not one of these guys
that's online saying you know oh DDR is dead and DDR sucks because in the groove
owns everything. Okay, In the Groove does one-up DDR on some things, but they will
not have existed without DDR. Yeah, we have to can't forget that In the Groove
would not exist without DDR, and the fact that DDR is not dead, it's got plenty of
home releases still coming out, including Xtreme 2, UltraMix 3 coming out later
this year. And again, not to dog on the scene as a whole, because I know some
really nice people in the In the Groove scene, but just some of the message
boards really ruffle my feathers. I too got an email, but it was something
funny, it was referring back to the episode in which I mentioned how games help the kids,
you know, fight with diseases, and I mentioned Tumor Raider, and someone sent me a Clarisworks
file, and if I remember correctly, I think Clarisworks is a Mac, you know, it's something
that runs on an Apple PC, fortunately I do not, you know, I do not have such inferior
PCs.
And we're not even going into this next story.
Not start the Apple versus PC thing again.
Because we do not need to hear the closed-minded speak out of his ass.
Alright.
Moving on.
Hey, I have some fun news.
You have a fun news?
What do you want to tell us about?
Not really fun.
It's really depressing.
Alright.
Can we play the happy music again?
Yeah.
No.
No.
This would be horrible.
Alright.
No.
Read the story.
Alright.
Read the story.
A 12-year-old named Gary Lloyd, apparently in London, hung himself.
After his mother took away his Playstation, it turned out to be he was doing it to get
attention and his little prank went wrong.
So any childrens listening to the show, if your mom takes away your Playstation, don't
hang yourself cause you'll die.
Yeah, try going outside.
Or do something else.
Yeah, there's like a world out there with air and birds and stuff.
All he needed was just an extra life.
So wrong.
So wrong.
Wah wah wah.
Boo!
But it is pretty crappy.
Just... kids...
I didn't...
Half of me wants to say it's Darwinism at work.
Hey.
The other half.
There's something else going on here.
I'll have you know.
Grand Theft Auto does not have hangings.
Texas does though.
Moving on, speaking of Grand Theft Auto and like stories, we have a story about the Miami
Attorney Jack Thompson.
Maybe you know this guy, he's crazy!
He's foaming at the mouth crazy when it comes to wanting to rip video games a new one for
being too violent.
Well guess what game he's going after now?
Sims 2!
Yes, he says that naked people in the Sims 2 is just horrible.
Here's a quote, Sims 2, the latest version of the Sims video game franchise, contains,
according to the video game news sites, full frontal nudity, including nipples, penises,
labia, and pubic hair.
Okay, come on, that's pathetic.
I just wanted to say all those words on a podcast.
No it doesn't.
It's the mod that put that on there.
I think there's a big, big difference between what's going on here and what's going on with
Grand Theft Auto.
I call what happened with Grand Theft Auto San Andreas and the whole hot coffee thing
lazy programming.
The reason being, and we've seen this happen before with DDR, because Dark Soccer Loki
myself been talking about DDR for years, so we've been following the
franchise, and when it had a release on the PlayStation, its very first release,
some hackers found on the disc a background for the song Bad Girls where
somebody had airbrushed out the gun.
So it makes it look like that they had prepped that song to be ready for US
audiences,
but they took the song out at the last minute. Or if you even want to go more recent, DDR
Extreme,
where they had a completely, a song that wasn't even in the game, but you could
play that's right you had memories remember that memories is completely in
the game and with hack codes you could hack your memory card file to play
memories on DDR extreme even though the song wasn't supposed to be there for
whatever reason at the last minute they took it out but what do they take out
they don't it's a pain in the butt I guess for compiling or whatever reasons
I'm not a programmer but it's a pain in the butt to take out the entire chunk of
game it's easier to take out the little pointer that points to that file and the
Because you know all these games work on a giant flow chart
It's easier to take out the pointer that says play this song
So that's what I think happened with Grand Theft Auto that Rockstar had every intention of doing this sex thing
But at the last minute they somebody thought you know what maybe this is a little much
So instead of taking the whole thing out of the game
What did they take out they took out the pointer and when the PC version came out?
It was exposed that the hot coffee thing was in there
somebody put the pointer back in and sure enough PlayStation and Xbox versions
the pointers they figure out how to put it back in Rockstar has to admit yes the
sex thing was in the game the whole time but they didn't intend on it being
discovered and I believe it that they probably had taken the pointers out not
realizing it's lazy programming I call it so but now with the Sims that's not
you don't have a pointer or at least with the Sims 2 I rumor is in the
original Sims I didn't play enough of the Sims but there actually was a code
where you could undo the blur or whatever, but it's a patch, it's another mod.
But the thing is, is that even under the blur there was no detail.
All it is is another skin that has the detail.
Right, and even, there was actually a quote, Jeff Brown, Vice President of Corporate Communications at EA says,
This is nonsense. We've reviewed 100% of the content. There is no content inappropriate for a teen audience.
Players never see a nude sim. If someone with an extreme amount of expertise and time were to remove the pixels,
the pixels they would see that the Sims have no genitals they appear like Ken
and Barbie what they're talking about though is the nude sim patches where
people have actually modified because in The Sims 2 you can actually modify your
character and so they added that stuff in but the thing is is and they're this
guy's like going oh well they're just letting that happen yeah they want
people to make mods so you can make new clothing you can make new items etc
because that stuff they have whole communities built around that where you
can buy new skins you can make characters that look like Austin Powers
On the Sims 2 site themselves, they offer a mod of the month, basically.
Right, but they would not highlight a nude patch as the mod of the month.
They have that kind of space.
Well, no!
And they have like houses, you can buy houses and bring them in or whatever.
But that same thing's been going on for years.
Remember Tomb Raider?
They had the nude Laura patch within six months of the game coming out, and where was this
guy then?
He doesn't do his research.
That's clearly what it is.
He doesn't do his research.
So take this one to court.
They'll just, they're gonna nail you in the ass.
I think that's what they're gonna find the difference is and I hope somebody sits down in front of Congress and explain this to them
You can't control what the people on the internet are gonna do to the code of the game
But in the case of Grand Theft Auto, I think it was a lazy pointer programming thing
But even still though even still if that was the case
This shouldn't have even gone as far as it was even if it was lazy program because there's been it's stupid. It's really dumb
I think all all games are gonna suffer because of this not necessarily content wise but
that programmers aren't gonna be so lazy anymore
and they're gonna push back the release dates
of their games so they can clean up,
clean out the code so you people don't find them.
You know what's gonna suffer?
Pre-expression.
That's what's gonna suffer.
You know, it's kind of funny though
because there are a lot of lazy programmers out there.
There's like, what is it?
One of the Dance Dance Revolution games,
they sometimes, they used to have these things
like dummy files that would like,
they would put on the disc to fill up space or whatever
so it'd make them harder to rip or whatever.
One of the Dance Dance Revolution games, I think it was Max 2, had the entire source
code for BeatMania 5 on it.
Oh, I'd heard about that.
It's a zip file.
It's like, oh, that was pretty dumb.
But there's a lot of lazy programming stuff out there, but just honestly, I don't know
why this is such an issue.
But you know what, they want to make this an example just like they made Janet Jackson
an example in the whole TV thing.
They've got their own agendas, they want some way to do it, and they're going to find a
way to do it.
The moral movements thing of the week, basically.
It's retarded.
Alright.
More like moral bowel movement.
I'm gonna let Dark Soccer get into some UK news, but first I wanted to give a story that's
kind of UK related, a little miniature story here.
Konami's gonna be publishing a game based on Wallace and Gromit, because they're gonna
be having a movie coming out, The Curse of the Were-Rabbit, I actually saw the trailer
when I went and saw Charlie and Chocolate Factory again this week.
Wallace and Gromit, Konami's gonna be putting out the game, it's going to follow the events
of the movie basically the plot is that you know Wallace and his dog gromit are
called on to protect a giant vegetable contest from a beastly terror you can
use cooperative gameplay in the game playing as Wallace or gromit or their
rabbit friend named hutch should be interesting dark soccer what's going on
in the UK for our friends overseas well actually this is more of an
international thing about hiranobu Sakaguchi you know Final Fantasy creator
basically is saying that he's got a couple games
in works on the Xbox 360 however they will not be playable at the Tokyo Game
Show in September
Oh interesting. But
they are basically making progress on it
they're getting the graphics in order it's just been slow progress
Want my Final Fantasy 12 dammit
also in news
Archer McLean, he was the creative director at Awesome Studios, they actually were the company that put out Mercury, and he resigned.
But said that overall he was really more of a figurehead, so it's not really a major loss.
And Loki, your review on Mercury pretty much convinced me not to buy the game, so I guess this is no big loss.
It wasn't that great of a game. It was okay, it was sort of different, but I got bored with it really quick.
What could they have done to make the game better?
Just, I was expecting something sort of like Marble Madness. The mazes were too short, and it was just very...
It was just, a lot of levels that were really short, and it just didn't do it for me. It was just kind of a pain in the butt.
Now, the last thing is a game I haven't heard much on, uh, coming out for the US market.
I'm sure it will, but it's called Another Code to Memories.
Basically, it's sort of like a combination of, uh,
interactive sim you know kind of dating Sims were except you also have a little
map where you guide somebody through a house and your puzzle you have puzzles
to get them through this house so you're using both screens one for your
communication with a ghost and the other to navigate so it's supposed to be a
little semi survival horror puzzle game it looks pretty cool very cool sounds
That's good.
All right, let's move on to some other news
talking about Xbox Live.
There was actually a story posted on,
I'm not sure if this is Gamasutra.
I always want to say Gamasutra
so it can rhyme with the book, you know?
But I think it's Gamasutra.
They ran a story earlier this week
that says that Microsoft is announcing
two million Xbox Live subscribers.
The last time that they had made an announcement
was back in January, 1.4 million users at that point.
This growth rate, by the way, would be the equivalent of one new Xbox Live member every
30 seconds.
I'm kind of surprised that Xbox Live is still growing so rapidly, but I guess Halo 2 has
a large part to do with that, but it just doesn't seem like there's been a whole lot
of really, like, just...
The hype of the 360.
Also some of the new games include the free two month trial as well.
Like Evident Rising had a two month trial in it, so...
Okay, I can see that, I can see that.
And plus, with the console coming down in price,
it makes Xbox, like I didn't buy Xbox when it was first out.
It wasn't until they slashed them to 200 bucks
when I finally decided to pick one up.
So I guess that helps kinda motivate sales as well.
Very interesting.
By the way, also in this article,
the company mentions what titles are gonna be out
for Xbox Live and Xbox 360 Live
that will be out before the end of the year.
Online playable titles for Xbox 360 include
Perfect Dark Zero, Project Gotham Racing 3,
Madden NFL 06, Dead or Alive 4, and Call of Duty 2.
Some games for the current Xbox
that will be enabled on Xbox Live.
Star Wars Battlefront 2, Tony Hawk American Wasteland,
Battlefield 2, Modern Combat.
So for those Xbox fans, some games,
a lot of sequels in there,
so some games to look forward to.
I think Dead or Alive will be cool.
Dead or Alive 4.
American Wasteland's gonna be pretty cool too.
It's like Tony Hawk Underground, but free roaming.
Some all one huge level.
Some of those clips of Dead or Alive 4, though, look so great.
And I've not usually been a really huge Dead or Alive fan,
but Dead or Alive 4 looks pretty hot.
I want to see the Dead or Alive movie.
All right.
Moving on.
Also another game being teased this week, Resident Evil 5.
The website Gamefront had some scans of the publication,
Famitsu, which gave some news this week on Resident Evil 5.
The interesting thing about Resident Evil 5,
remember how Resident Evil 4 was GameCube only,
at least in the beginning, Resident Evil 5 will only be on PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360
when it first comes out.
Nintendo's getting the shaft, but I say this is because Nintendo is being so secretive
with their revolution.
Yeah, because they haven't released their system yet, and the system's like, uhhh, it'll
come out sometime.
I have a feeling Resident Evil 5 will make its way to the revolution, but because Nintendo
is releasing it later.
Well honestly, I haven't even heard if the Nintendo Revolution dev kits have even gone
out yet so well can't really make a game without that so well very interesting
also the trailer up for this to look pretty cool the speculation from the
early screenshots say that Chris Redfield who was in Resident Evil 1 and
Code Veronica looks to be the main character in this next game it looks
like the over-the-shoulder style from Resident Evil 4 will be coming back in
this game as well at least in some way but what was surprising from the early
screenshots the game appears to be a little brighter like a little more happy
brighter warm colors than previous Resident Evil games so should be
interesting all right now we here at orange lounge radio we're not just here
to talk about video games 24-7 because if we talked about video games all day
long we'd have no time to go out and enjoy fine dining and wine and cheese
tasting and to get interviewed yes so as part of bettering your life we have the
one and only dark Sakura here to present her advice column so dark Sakura what
advice do you have for our listeners tonight today's bit of advice is how to
sober up fast which actually all of us can use one avoid pills do not take
ibuprofen acetaminophen or aspirin just before during or after drinking
Acetic medicine can cause liver damage in conjunction with alcohol, ibuprofen can cause
severe stomach irritation, and aspirin thins the blood, which may exacerbate a hangover.
2.
Drink a lot of fluids.
Dehydration from alcohol can be treated with water, sweet juices, or sports drinks.
Potassium also helps you overcome the shaky feeling of a bad hangover.
3.
Take vitamins.
Vitamin or vitamin B complex can be used to combat vitamin depletion.
And when you drink, vitamin B is the first thing to go.
4.
Eat starchy food.
Lots of it.
5.
Rest or sleep for as long as possible.
6.
Repeat steps 2 through 5 if you wake up with a hangover.
But my number one bit of advice on how to sober up fast?
Don't go to any Rob's parties.
Don't use the double shot glass to make double shot drinks.
guys appreciate your support all right you know what just for that you get a
story about you Ebola just for that dungeon siege is the next movie that's
going to be coming out Ray Liotta was just signed for dungeon siege the movie
he'll be playing a villainous character in the game that's his title die
villainous characters die isn't the name of the main character farmer or something
like that. It's kind of dorky. Alright. That'd be like what in the Trogdor game, Peasants
Quest. That's enough about UiBowl. Loki, what's going on in the hack and crack scene? Well,
there's some interesting stuff that should put a damper on the homebrew scene. PSP Firmware
2.0 was announced at the Playstation Conference just this week, and Playstation 2.0 will be
adding the elusive internet browser. That's right folks, you can actually be able to browse
internet without having to have wipeout. So let me think, Sony realized that people
were hacking their way into getting a web browser so they thought, gee, a good idea
to curb this would be to just release our own web browser.
But what's cool about their web browser, it supports everything from HTML 4.01 or whatever
that means, except for Flash, no Flash. Good, we won't get those annoying shoot the
villain to buy an iPod, or to win an iPod stupid thing.
But you can download, the other thing is that they have TV Now, which is this new thing
that they're coming out with, so basically you can download TV episodes off of this one
website.
Again, finding something that people are using their PSP for is on the internet, and making
it legit.
Smart idea, people.
Hopefully this will be able to, you'll hopefully be able to download MP3s, which, download
our podcasts, you know, without having to, you know, do anything special.
Find a wifi spot, download podcasts.
Go!
Very interesting.
An eye-potter for the PSP would be cool.
Very cool. What I'm wondering is this only in Japan or is this actually gonna
happen here, the TV thing?
The TV thing right now I think is only in Japan. The version 2.0 is supposed to launch
in Japan on July 27th, so next week,
and also they're gonna be launching a brand new color PSP, white,
which is coming out September 21st, and that's gonna be...
Original white.
Ceramic white. I'm sorry. And it's gonna be coming out,
It's gonna be with firmware 2.0 on there, so you can't run the homebrew games, but you've got an internet browser
So but how long before they hack the 2.0 you think oh, it's gone there what they're gonna
Do is they're gonna take the PSP they're gonna take the firmware update rip the browser right out of there, and they'll be in there
New applications are becoming long though because they accidentally reveal them firmware 2.0 on the internet
And some people downloaded it and it crashed their PSPs
But, they're going to be having a calculator, a word processor, and I think a day planner
calculator.
Oh, word processor on your PSP?
Word processor.
Well, the thing is...
So that means there has to be a keyboard attachment coming out.
Yeah, that's what I was just about to say.
Keyboard support is now being added with the PSP, I think, via their IR or USB adapter
type thing.
So, there's going to be a PSP keyboard coming out.
Okay, so that's all the wonderful official stuff that's going on.
Of course, we don't really want to know about the official stuff, we want to talk about
Well, I found the official stuff to be interesting for once.
Okay, fine.
Talk about the unofficial stuff.
The unofficial stuff.
Brand new loaders have been released, the new hook loader and the We Are Back group
has released another loader.
These ones bypassing the update checks and now running overclock stuff and running the
full library files so you can have all this wonderful wifi and music and everything.
It's only a matter of time before 3.0 comes out and everything runs.
It's not going to matter anymore.
So I just thought I'd mention that.
Also you know, upgrades to your favorite emulators, Super Nintendo 9X is now running almost full
speed.
Ooh, I gotta check that out.
Yeah, that's really awesome.
I mean, for research purposes only.
Well, homebrew stuff I don't think is a problem, but anyways.
I'll check it out for playing Seiken Densetsu 3 on the PS3, on the PSP.
Thank you.
Exactly.
favorite uh... the
scum version 3.0 or version 3's come out which can run uh... monkey island
and stuff so if you have the old
if you have the old monkey island game like i do i have a cd somewhere out there for it
i can copy it over and play it on my psp
and loom
loom i love loom i was playing this one though called uh... i don't remember it's called
the initials of B.A.S.S anyways
uh... it is an ok game but it ran really well
I was surprised, for emulating a PC game, runs great.
You know, I found my copy of Loom.
I was gonna install it and play it.
Was Maniac Mansion on that same software?
Uh...
The Day of the Tentacle was.
Ah, that's why I'm getting confused.
But Maniac Mansion, you played on the NES emulator.
And finally, the last thing I'd say is
PSPPaint
version 3 is out, so I made a cool little picture, and it's not really good.
But you can save your pictures now.
Yes, I saw your lovely interpretation of Grand Theft Auto that you had painted in there.
GTA made me kill.
Alright, one more story for you guys tonight and it has to do with the resurrection of
Acclaim.
Yes, somebody is going to be zombifying Acclaim by injecting it full of Worchester sauce.
No, actually what's going to be happening is that Central Investment Holdings is trying
to sell the rights to the Acclaim Entertainment name for $100,000.
Actually no, I take that back.
It's actually a trustee for the late company is making the agreement with Central Investment
Holdings to sell the rights for the acclaimed name for $100,000.
Also tentative deals being reached to sell the Dave Mirra freestyle BMX series and ATV
quad power racing 2 over to Crave Entertainment.
The value of these series, $120,000.
The BMX one is not that important anymore since BMX was added to Tony Hawk's Underground
I think and American wasteland has BMX in it
Something to think about all right anyway, that's gonna do it for another podcast. Let's go around and get everybody's final thoughts Loki oh
You know podcasting is so much fun dark Sakura oh
Yeah reject false icons my final thought is you are the ones who are the ball nickers
And that was the little poster that made a cameo appearance in the news article.
Alright, that's good.
What was blurred out like the genitalia on a sim?
Goodnight everybody, we'll see you next time on the Orange Lounge Radio To Go edition.
That's the end of another Orange Lounge Radio To Go edition.
This podcast is a proud part of www.orangeloungeradio.com.
See you next update!
