Orange Lounge Radio To Go Edition, week of July 11th, 2005.
You're tuned in to the Orange Lounge Radio To Go Edition, your podcast host for all the
latest video game news and gamer chat.
Now, here are your hosts, DarkSakura, Skye, and Logan.
Hello, everybody.
Once again, welcome to the Orange Lounge Radio To Go Edition, that podcast dedicated to video
games that don't suck and all the gamer news that you gamers really want to know
about every Monday we come out for you guys pretty regular we try stray regular
about every Monday sometimes we've done bonus things like remember we're live at
e3 that was pretty cool we make sure to eat our fibers that we stay regular
that's right the voice you hear back there the one and only dark Sakura Jamie
Summers we put this out every week because we're just we just put out for
you that's right my name is Rob Roberts of course you might know me as sky and
and in that corner over there, the one and only, Loki.
Yes, I am here and I'm sober this time.
Yes you are.
How you feeling after last week's show?
I feel fine.
You know, after, really the next day I woke up,
I did not remember the podcast.
I remember doing a podcast, but I didn't remember
anything from the beginning to the end,
so I actually had to listen to the podcast
to figure out what I said, and what I said
was basically a lot of rambling.
But when I wasn't repeating myself three times in a row,
I was pretty.
But you always ramble.
But it was like more so.
It was pretty bad.
Alright.
You were very random and it was hilarious.
We got some concerned emails so I just want our listeners to know he's okay.
I'm okay.
Well what happened was I drank a little bit more than I thought I actually had been drinking
because the shot glass I was using for my screwdrivers, which is the drink of my choice
that night, was a double shot shot glass.
So I thought I was putting two shots in each one but I was actually doing four each one
And next thing you know, I did 20 and drank the whole bottle of vodka and I was gone.
Lesson learned, boys and girls, if you're drinking by yourself, if you're the only one drinking out of a bottle of vodka,
and it's like halfway gone, it might be time to quit. Don't go the whole way, like Loki did.
Oh well, lessons learned, it's a good thing you didn't end up going to the hospital, young man.
Seriously, I was thinking that you might have had, like, alcohol poisoning.
Well, he did to some extent, because that's what causes you to go black.
Well, yeah, but I mean...
Anyway...
Let's move on to the games.
Like that chick on the real world.
I don't watch crap.
Come on.
This is a long time ago and I caught the first episode by accident.
I thought you didn't watch TV.
This is a shocker to me.
This is a long time ago.
Okay, okay.
And MTV nonetheless.
No, I know.
I understand.
Alright, let's talk about the games.
We'll get into some gaming news and a lot of your emails.
We got a lot of great emails last week.
We're going to get to those, but first we always like to let you guys know what we're
up to.
What's going on in our gaming world.
So, Dark Sakura, any games new and exciting for you?
I haven't had time to play Cryout.
Been too busy getting the house in order.
How very domestic.
I've been playing by the washer and dryer in a refrigerator
game.
You need to get a Game Boy or something to play.
I know you probably have like a Game Boy, a Wonder Swan.
They're in boxes.
I see.
OK.
But we did buy a 50-inch widescreen HDTV.
I remember.
You briefly touched on that last one.
And this is sexy.
How do the games look on it?
We haven't looked anything up yet.
They're in boxes.
Where are your priorities?
My priorities have been
you know, going to work
and buying a washer and dryer so that I don't have dirty clothes.
Fine.
And a refrigerator so that I have food that doesn't go bad.
That I can't eat any of.
Fine, fine.
Gamers gotta have priorities too. Let's find out then what Loki's been up to. What have you been up to, Loki?
I've been playing a lot of stuff actually.
The first game I started off with this week was Mercury for the PSP
and I'm happy to say it sucked ass. Really?
and it was a complete disappointment it's not what you think it's a very it's a
puzzle game
but it I was bored it was just a completely retarded and I was
I was just thank God you know I was borrowing it not
buying it so. That's two puzzlers now on PSP you haven't liked. And the same thing
lots a load time also it's like what the hell's wrong with these people
but it sucks so don't buy it. Then I played Coded Arms
for the PSP, the PSP's first
first-person shooter and it's awesome. It's really awesome.
The controls, they tried to do the best they could at the PSP
being that it only has one analog six so the other, you know,
looking around is used with the four buttons which isn't
isn't quite good. It's not as smooth as I would have liked it to have been
But you know, it's the best they can really do for the PSP. So they made the best of it
But other than that, it's okay. I wish there was another analog stick on the PSP then it isn't perfect
What what makes it so great then since you're only complaining about the just the graphics are really good
The games just put together really well
It just surprised me on how well the graphics were and just really it looks like a lot of fun actually
actually. The other game I played was Puzzle Bobble for the PSP, which is a Japanese import,
not telling you how I got that one, and it, just like Puzzle Bobble, nothing, no surprise
there. It's every system's mandatory Puzzle Bobble release in one way or another. It's
good, it's good. I know Dark Soccer's gonna yell at me for this, but a lot of you folks
know it as Bust-A-Move. Puzzle Bobble. Anyways, I'm just saying, the American name was Bust-A-Move
despite how you feel about Bust-A-Groove and all that stuff.
Now, moving away from the handheld systems, I bought Killer7, and it's great, it's just
a very psychotic game.
The storyline, the game seems very anime-like to me, just the whole...
What's the setup?
What's the story setup?
The setup basically is, I mean, they don't really tell you much in the beginning.
You're this group of assassins, basically this guy, Harman Smith, he's this wheelchair-bound
assassin who has seven different multiple personalities
among this and it's all in this one group and they each have these really
extraordinary powers and stuff and you can actually
you know he can put them into the physical forms so to speak
but there's you know you're not really sure if
you know he's in the if it's in the physical form or not and what they make
you
and what they kind of lead you to believe is that you yourself
the player are another one of his personalities which is great
Um, so that was really neat and it's just it the storyline is very rich and just like full of
I don't know a lot of detail and stuff and I've only played you know to the second level so far and
There's a lot of really crazy shit in there. I mean like they're laughing the main
Villain of or the enemies that you encounter called these things called heaven smile
They look like these zombies and they have these giant giant like
grins on them and they just go ha ha ha and they laugh and it's like that weird
it's like a weird laugh and then they've got like you shoot them and you collect
the blood from them and you use the blood to up to you know like that one
game nanobreaker sort of oil sorry sort of but this is actually blood and I mean
it's just it's really strange the whole game is very psychographical look
because I know it's good it's all cel-shaded but it's done really well
well then the cutscenes are an anime or actual anime and it's really interesting. They give
you a lot of background about the characters and stuff but the whole game I still don't
really know what's going on yet and that's the whole point is you feel psychotic playing
this game. So do you recommend this one? Oh yeah, it's a very different game. It's got
a storyline that's about as deep as Silent Hill and it plays, to me, I mean everyone
is knocking the rail system where you're running around limited movement but it plays to me
Sort of like a lot of dark. There's puzzle solving and stuff like that speaking it speaking of Silent Hill since you brought it up
I have to put this in real fast. I've been following what's going on with the movie
They're putting pyramid head from Silent Hill 2 is gonna be in the movie
And this is just gonna let you know, oh my gosh
We might get a video game movie done right in every way a Kiriyama Oka is producing the soundtrack
I know and a Kiriyama Oka actually did the music with the Silent Hills, so they're not
violating that I'm like I was going to have a problem with Silent Hill of the
Kiryamoka because half of Silent Hill is the mood of the music and everything so
I'm just very excited for this video that's very exciting the music and mood
of this game is really weird too it's just it's really you've got to play
killer 7 at least Ren at once it's just so strange it's just you've got to play
we got we got to figure out a way to get advanced screening or media aren't we
We can get advanced screening soon.
I need to see this.
Dear Yamaoka-san, Daisuke, Daisuke, Daisuke.
So yeah.
Pre-release on a night.
We are not above groveling.
I'm sorry, Loki.
Other than that, I won a free PSP.
And I ended up selling it for about $150.
But I sold it to someone that's in our company.
And I'm also going to get the hookup from them.
They're going to give me a copy as soon as they
get it of Advent Children.
maybe a UMD. Nice, okay. So I had to knock the price down for them.
So that's pretty much all I've been doing. Killer7 is awesome and I'm going to play all the way through it.
Destroy All Humans, I've already beat it. It was fun.
How was, without giving away the ending, were you, I heard rumors that the ending was a bit of a letdown.
It's your typical ending for a game. It wasn't like, there really, there's not high expectations.
The end of the game you have like two boss fights and that's kind of weird because there's no boss fights throughout the whole game.
and then you fight these two bosses and it's like
okay this is there's a little bit stronger than they should be but this is
retarded but the whole point of the game is that you've got the same guide does
the new voice acting for zim and he's in it and it's great that's why I love it
well good now that you're done with it I can borrow it that's the important thing
no you can't because you don't have a US PlayStation 2
I will very soon I'm working on that because I'm sick of having only a
Japanese one although I'll tell you what
if I had a Japanese PlayStation or if I had the drive I do have a
Japanese PlayStation 2, if I had the money to import,
I would have imported We Heart Katamari this week.
It was released in Japan.
It's awesome.
I actually want to play little bits from the soundtrack
for you guys.
Just little, little snippets, because playing music
in podcasts is questionable.
But I don't think they'll mind the free plug if we just
play a little snippet here from the soundtrack.
So what I want to play for you guys is a little snippet.
First off, you have to hear this.
This is great.
This is the training music in the new We Heart Katamari.
It's like beatboxing.
It's this Japanese beatbox guy.
Listen to this.
["WE HEART KATAMARI"]
What do you expect?
It's the kind of thing you'd expect from the sequel
to Katamari Damacy.
So I'm not disappointed at all.
I love the game, just the premise of the game. It's basically the prince of the cosmos or
whatever. He's doing stuff for the fans of the previous game. That's the story of the
game.
That's cute!
Here's another one. This is a quick snippet from the introduction of the game.
katamari damacy the Broadway show it's like some sicko twist between Avenue Q
and rent all of a sudden or something I don't know anyway so that's that's
definitely looking good so as far as the games that I have been playing this week
you know I didn't have a whole lot because I've still been addicted to
medios I've been playing that an awful awful lot an unhealthy amount I'm loving
that game but I knew that I had to go play something new so I actually went
And I looked on I'm like okay. What are all the cool kids playing this week, and you know I'm out there
Just reading what's going on a message boards and hearing what all the talks about and everybody's talking about Battlefield 2, so I said okay
I'm gonna go download the demo for Battlefield 2 now keep in mind
I don't really play these types of games a whole lot
It's it's basically you know another kind of war sim game, but it's also got first-person shooter elements
And I'm kind of like okay
I can dig some of the first-person shooters
You know I got into Doom 3 and Halo and all that stuff the big ones
So I decided to get battlefield to a try and you know what guys I just have to say
I'm sure the game is great if you're into that kind of thing because it's definitely a pretty looking game and a lot of the
Elements in it are very cool
Like they have like the voting with page up and down and just the aspect of it
The setup is really good, but honestly me personally
I just couldn't get into it like it was seriously one of those things
I'm just like I really want to like this game, but it's just not my thing. I can't get into this
It's my feeble brain cannot handle this game for some reason because I kept shooting my own guys
like I just I don't know I just didn't get it one more deal bad one more
addition to the killer seven thing just to tell you how how crazy it is you talk
to a severed head a lot of time it has nothing to do on time you're done you're
done but battlefield 2 my only disappointment with it I'm sure it's a
fun game if you're into the games and it would be a great party game I got I got
to try that still I'm not gonna give a final verdict on the game until I can
really play it with some other live people except I don't know who in their
right mind would want to play that game with me because I'm awful at it but my
only disappointment is that I actually expected the graphics to be even was
considering the system requirements for that game oh my gosh it's like you have
to have a 1.7 gig machine and all this stuff crazy high-end video card luckily
I have a lot of that stuff but I would I was kind of expecting the game to look
better maybe I just didn't get far enough in it though so I'm kind of I'm
not gonna dog on it for the graphics I mean it is a nice looking game it's just
I would have expected it to be the best darn thing I've ever seen considering the
Technical requirements. So that's my half-assed review of battlefield 2. Sorry. I tried for you guys
I tried to play a war sim game and get into it. Just just couldn't do it. I'll stick with that
Techie what was that game? I can't remember the English name of it now with the huge
controller that I got Dan. Oh, the mech warrior? Yeah. Mech assault. No, that controller didn't
go to mech assault. It was Steel Battalion. Oh, that's it. I'll stick with Steel Battalion
because it has an eject button. The eject button was cool. Did you have something? I
know you were trying to interject something earlier and I was... Yeah, I went back to
the we bought up Silent Hill I went back to the movie stuff I am DB has a bigger
list of characters now and Dahlia Gillespie and Alyssa Gillespie are both
in it oh for anyone who played the game those are like the two that the whole
thing was centered around Wow that's so yeah we are sticking with storylines
we're getting that and pyramid head though that's gonna yeah that should be
interesting to see how they bring it there's an officer Gucci and someone
named Sharon and a bunch of the only actors in here really heard of a Sean
Bean which is pretty cool cuz he can be wicked mm-hmm all right so more to come
on the Silent Hill movie as we get it let's get into some other gaming news
first off I think this is very interesting the makers of Grand Theft
Auto San Andreas Rockstar games is being held under the microscope right now by
the ESRB and what this whole thing centers around is basically the sex mod
which some of you guys I think we've talked about it on this show previously
Loki you're that hack crack guy tell us about set up the sex mod how does this
Okay, basically there's unfinished code that's in the game, or basically locked out code,
and you know, people being the hackers that they are looking through the code, they found
it, and so they enable it back in the game.
Much like how with Grand Theft Auto, or not Sandra, Vice City and stuff, they're working
on multi-theft auto, which is using the multiplayer code that was in there to play online.
But this one is basically, I guess you can go and have actual sex, and there's a sex
minigame in Grand Theft Auto that's hidden away in the code on PC, and people have unlocked
it with this mod called the Hot Coffee mod, because you go in for coffee in a normal game.
So yeah, that's what the whole fuss is about, and apparently it is very graphic from the
video that I've seen.
I haven't done that yet.
Wait, DarkSakura, you found a site with pictures and stuff, what did you find out about this?
I actually closed it.
It was, yeah, it just had like three positions and showed pictures of them all, but it also
gave a link to the site how to get to said mod, and give me a second, I'll get it up
again.
Yeah, basically you can download it on the major mod, Grand Theft Auto mod sites, and
it starts off, where are you going, for coffee, and then the woman orally pleasures you.
We get it, we get it, we get it.
It's very graphic.
It's like, hmm, well yeah, that would be pushing the envelope there, wouldn't it?
Where I found the pictures was on UKResistance.co.uk for the June 2005 news.
You know, and the ESRB is now kind of looking going, you know, should this be an adults-only
game?
Because the California Assemblyman Leland Yee is saying that this, basically he's kind
of pushing behind this too that the game should be rated adults only, and the ESRB needs to
take another look at this, but what the ESRB has to look at is, did Rockstar sneak this
by?
Were they intending this to be a part of the game?
And I say, if you had to mod or crack the game, no, it's unfinished stuff.
It's just like how there was a skateboard weapon, and people have unlocked the skateboard
weapon.
It's code that was in there that's unfinished, and they took it out, and it's the same thing.
Like I brought up on our live show, you know, there was Bloody War 3, all the little pictures
hidden in the game, that if you put in the debug code by using a GameShark or Game Genie,
lo and behold.
And as one of you guys brought up on the live show as well, the nude patch for The Sims,
E8 didn't get sued over that because that was something that was out of their control.
Exactly.
Exactly.
I mean, even though they accidentally left the code in the game, that doesn't mean that
intended for people to hack the game and unlock it, they're violating the license agreement
by doing that, right?
When you open the box, you're sending a license agreement.
Or the gay sex ending for Simcopter.
What?
There was a gay sex ending for Simcopter.
How have I not heard of this?
This is a long time ago, I remember seeing something about this.
Well, in Simcopter, the graphics weren't that great, but it was a bunch of stick figures,
guys, you know, having anal sex, and I kid you not, it was in the game.
It was an easter egg that some developer hit in there. It's like what the hell?
But it was in there in that context the term easter egg is like ten times funnier. I'm sorry all right
It's weird okay anyway, so quick. It's like a quick poll is anything gonna happen to rockstar because of this I say no
All the only thing you know the only thing all happens their game will sell more because people want to you know
I want to play a game with simulated boobies as I also suggested on the live show earlier tonight
Um, use, mirror the rating systems that the movies use, I think would be a good way for
this rating system to become more socially acceptable, because even though we as gamers
know enough about this system, I don't think parents do.
Stop letting your kids play these games, honestly, it's just mature.
They don't sell it to minors, so you're buying it for them, shame on you.
Why are you coming, I didn't know it was going to be full of blood and violence and stuff,
Even though in the back it says, full of blood and violence.
This is interesting.
Another story now.
We're going to get into another story.
Xbox is going to be getting, you remember how Fable came out
for the Xbox, and then people were like, oh, it's good,
but it's short.
So they released the version on the PC
called The Lost Chapters, which is
like a longer version of Fable.
Well, guess what?
Xbox is now getting Fable The Lost Chapters.
And when I read about this, I was like, damn it.
I just spent $30 on Fable not that long ago.
And get this.
Fable of the Lost Chapters is gonna be a budget title, 20 bucks.
So people like me who just recently bought the game are SOL.
Thank you! Jerks.
No, but that's good news for those folks that haven't played the game yet. This will give them a good
excuse to check it out.
How about we open up the old mailbag? We got a lot of great letters from last
week's show, so I think it's time we open up the mailbag. You guys ready for this?
Ready. Alright, let's go into the mailbag.
First email came to us from Acer800 and Acer800 is a girl gamer and wanted to say this.
Your comments on girl gaming last week were pretty interesting and sadly true.
I've been playing games since I was a Wii girl. One of the first games I played was Mortal Kombat.
I love fighting games and sport games and the feeling of how smug guys are shocked when I kick their butts at Soul Calibur 2.
it's just pretty sad that there are not many hardcore girl gamers that really
admit to it in the States
many girls my age usually are out shopping or some other trendy activity
while I'm at home trying to beat beautiful Joe
hopefully though with the recent increase of girl gamers because of
various RPG and other games like DDR
more girls will be interested in the gaming scene soon but that's just my two
cents
and she also has a PS, DarkSakura you're a great representation of a girl gamer
you rock!
Aww, that warms my heart. We love having her on the show
That, that's quite an achievement there to warm Dark Sakura's cold little black heart.
I'm just kidding.
It's not...
I got shot at looking.
My heart's not black.
Now all you need to do Dark Sakura is you need to lick a PSP so you can become famous
like that one chick who did nothing.
Huh?
What?
What?
The one that's on the red ass baboon site or whatever, the stupid girl gamer reviewer.
Forget it.
The one that's like a chauvinistic, or no, a feminist, yeah, I don't like her.
Alright.
okay the best the best thing I can see I'm like okay whatever you're on your
own world there the best response on planet Loki the best response I can give
to that is you go girl you go girl what you go plus plus no no no I meant the
girl who send them oh you you do you can we can write us anytime because and I
will always respond to your emails usually while I'm at work to go at orange
lounge radio calm let's not forget the guy so we had letters from guys this
Ah, who needs them? I mean, I love the boys too.
We had an email from Rob send us an email and Rob had a comment on the women gaming issue as well.
One huge way to get girls and women to actually like video gaming would be to stop putting out
girl games, quote unquote, that stink.
It looks like a lot of girl games for preteens are created with entry level and inexperienced programmers
to cut their teeth on.
This makes the preteens hate video games when they grow up, I imagine.
Hmm interesting perspectives stop stop putting out such amateurish pink games
I call them the pink game or Mary-Kate and Ashley. Wayne of vista interactive needs to stop putting out titles for the Gameboy Advance
Like for example the Raven Lizzie McGuire. That's so Raven three
Okay, and just like you know
Games like that. They're platformers and just awful
stop. You know what they need? They need more puzzle games for the home consoles.
Because you know what? How many puzzle games have come out for the home consoles lately?
None. They need to hire me to design games for them. You know what I think a
lot of girls... It's gonna be, chick with big gun shoots a bunch of idiots. Wasn't that a Tomb Raider? No, no, no, no.
That's slut with big guns. Sorry, sorry. Okay, I don't want to spend too much more
time on this topic but the best thing about Tomb Raider was Tomb Raider 2
because you could do a little button press code and she'd explode you could
also go on her back you can shut the butler in the walk-in for a year and he
wouldn't follow you anymore and then you could jump off the balcony and should
break her neck if you do like a dive Wow that's why Tomb Raider 2 is the best of
the series um you know I think more girls would like Final Fantasy like 10
if they gave it a chance you know and everybody can like okay but the thing
about it there are some 10 2 great shit well 10 2 is more like a girl power type
game but 10 there's guys and girls can agree I mean the girls in that are great
characters and there's different types you know you have your kind of slutty
Riku but Yuna is a strong woman and Lulu's kind of the sassy one. Yuna is just
determined but she's all okay I'm self-spoken okay I'm going to be a
summoner and die oh wait this sucks and my man is I don't want to spoil it all
right let's get let's get to another email this email came to us from Tom Tom
W thank you very much for the email once to let us know that we actually last
week we were talking about Bomberman and we said we couldn't think of one on the
Genesis he wanted to let us know there actually was a Bomberman game on the
Genesis mega Bomberman I actually have that somewhere and you forgot and I
forgot because I have too many games
well he also sent us a picture so thank
you very much for bringing back the
memories there and did mega bomber man
when we make mistakes what can we say
except me because I never admit to them
all right one more email here this was
from our love I like that name I love I
like that email a lengthy email here I
can only read a little bit of it has to
do with the PlayStation 3 remember we
were talking about no hard drives on ps3
what's the big deal
he basically says in his email here the
reality is that this is a way for Sony to get more money from people by nickel
and diming consumers on peripherals this is one thing I hate about Sony they put
out a hard drive with Final Fantasy 11 bundled because they knew someone would
buy it with the assumption that there would be content that uses it can't say
I disagree I think the nickel and timing is one way to look at it you know why
why bundle it in we can get you to charge more but if you but all the game
companies are doing it take a Nintendo after no Tory oh yeah Nintendo take the
Xbox hello the DVD playback kit if that wasn't nickel-and-dime in you I don't
know what is you know what do they do these you can't even you know back on
the Dreamcast mm-hmm you know they put out this broadband adapter that two
games used so accessible on PSO mm-hmm so so from from my perspective you have
a point but all the game companies are doing this it's not just Sony but on the
other part is that that being said a hard drive in PlayStation 3 would have
been a bigger deal than it is that is because there would have been games in
such that would support having it xbox had that blinks game
and in-game custom playlist on certain games which made a case if not a small
one
for having it i would love to believe the developers could dig up a bit more
creativity if they realize more uses for an in console hard drive
ya know what rocked about the xbox hard drive is modding it and putting games on it
WOOHOO fun
I don't disagree with what he's saying though because you know like
loading times could be reduced and things of that sort and he also talks about his email
That's exactly why I have that you know what my PlayStation 2 hard drive is for
HD loader yeah, I use it for
Shortening those load times. Yeah
Games that I have owned all right have
Thanks for the emails you guys we always love your perspectives
Um if you have a comment you can always email that to us to go at orange lounge radio.com is the address
let's look at some more gaming news going on space invaders you know space
invaders according to the latest issue of Famitsu space invaders is coming to
the PSP and this will be released in Japan for $45 and I can't help but think
I can play it on my Atari for free it's it's it's a souped-up version of the
classic but from the screenshot I saw a trackball from the screen well you've
got that little analog thing I guess from the screenshot I saw it just looked
like a souped-up version of the original but nothing to scream about but I'm
thinking $45 for Space Invaders which I'm sorry in my opinion Space Invaders is
kind of one of those overrated classics like to me I don't know give me a game
like Galaxian, Gyruss. I think Gorf for the same game. Gorf was awesome.
Gorf was like three different games in one. I'm not all about the
Space Invaders Pac-man Warship I get that Space Invader Warship not so much
But admittedly and before someone sends an email on this. I understand it was a huge deal in Japan
It was a much bigger deal there and it was here
Yeah, so I can see that and this game is only announced for Japan at this time
So maybe it makes a little more sense to that. I don't know but even the recent pac-man title
I think the whole reason for cost though is I don't know it was the same reason why Nintendo 64 games were so expensive
it was
you know
their
format, the UMD format. Well now to be fair they are doing
some new modes in the Space Invader. They have this galaxy beat
which is like a 3D graphics mode and it plays in a first-person view
and the invaders have been updated so you know they've got some new things
they're trying but
I don't know it's nice. Do you remember like the old, Atari did this. They updated a
bunch of their old games like Pong was one of them and
did they do Warlords? I don't remember but then you had Frogger came out in here as
well
How many Frogger games have there been?
Seriously, but like Ms. Pac-Man, I think they read it a lot of old games.
I just remember a version of Warlords being in Lunar.
Lords of Lunar, when they put it out on the PS2.
This strikes me as those updates, and I do remember the Pong one was actually pretty cool, but the rest of them...
You want to talk about update games that are good?
Huh.
New SEGA Ages have been announced!
Oh really?
Yes, and these are good ones.
For example, the one that I'm happiest about
is Panzer Dragoon.
They're going to remake the whole game
and include the original on it.
It's coming to the PS2.
Some people knocked the original classics that came out on PS2,
saying it just didn't do justice to the original game.
These are basically in Famitsu.
And basically, it's going to start with volume 22.
The first one, we have the Sega Memorial Selection,
which will feature five old games, including Head-On,
tranquilizer gun
uh... in doki-doki penguin land
uh... they have the galaxy force to uh... which is gonna be uh... ported
form and
scan um...
this is actually uh... started in in order to give the game a perfect port
for the first time
uh... see here we've also got gun star heroes treasure box
and then started heroes of uh... dynamite heady alien soldier
and says that three of his treasures well-known megadrive titles and uh...
treasure rocks yeah it just and they also have you know dynamite deco which
was diehard in the arcade game well I hope they I hope they really like it
is dynamite cop you know be interesting um Loki since you're at it why don't you
let us know what's going on in the hack hack and crack scene today okay well
basically the major stuff is they've that the games well they're being
pirated now and all the UMDs have been dumped and now they're running on their
home version, or running on the actual PSP memory cards now.
So not just Luminous, like last week.
And Luminous has sound, so Luminous, Coded Arms, and the thing, the major websites behind
us now, We Are Back is one of the groups that's behind the loaders, they just released 2.5
of their loader, which is going to be a teaser for number 3, which is going to be the full
loader to load anything.
The ones now, they basically use a normal UMD.
You might have, for example, most of them use Wipeout.
And you basically have Wipeout in your drive
and you can run it off your memory card.
Coded Arms is out there.
A lot of Japanese games are out there and that type of thing.
So that's out there.
Remember, kids, this is only to make backup copies of games
you already own.
Right, OK.
And then the other thing that was announced
is there's another group that's working
on creating an external device to actually be able to run other types of memory cards,
like for example USB flash drives, hard drives, and SD digital, SD cards and whatever, so
basically other medias.
And there's another website, I believe we are back as also them, with PSP development
that they're going to make it so you can flash your PSP back to 1.5 or 1.0.
So the shit has hit the fan, pretty much it's game over.
I'll be interested to see if Sony doesn't try to shut some of that stuff down, we'll
see.
Once it's on the internet though, it's hard to get off.
It's pretty hard.
Other interesting things though, I should mention the DS, they have Super Nintendo and
Nintendo emulators for it now finally.
Of course those are a little harder to come by.
A little harder to get on there, yeah.
Yeah, exactly.
They've actually started development on the PSP and the homebrew scene of transferring
files back and forth between PSPs via the IR port on them and they actually can transfer
via infrared, which is very interesting.
Some other really cool programs are out there.
They have PSP Jump, I believe is what it's called, and that's basically, you know, it's
a kind of an audio program.
You can make your own mixes and stuff.
PSP Paints is out there, paint program, and the best part also, and this isn't really
hacking, is new colored PSPs are rumored to be coming out soon.
One of the colors that's rumored is hot pink.
Wait, the actual, like, frame?
The actual...
But not Sony endorsed.
No, it is Sony.
Oh!
In Japan, of course.
Interesting.
Yeah, but the black one is so cool.
Now, if they did a Sakura PSP, I'd have to have it.
I'd go for a nice, like, dark green.
So that's what's really going on right now.
If you wanted to play a good, you know, updated port of a game or whatever, the new Namco
Battle Collection, all remade games, it's got Rally X, Dig Dug, and all that stuff,
that's one to check out over, you know, Space Invaders.
Is it the same, is it the same updates that have been on like GameCube previously and
stuff?
No, I don't think so.
Hmm, I'll check that out.
I have one quick little slash, slash, hacking and cracking story.
Oh my god, you're into slash?
No.
Wow, that was a Freudian slip, I don't know.
Quick hacking and cracking story, I think this one's just cool.
This has to do with the program Stella.
It's an Atari 2600 emulator.
Well, Fred Quimby, the guy who develops games for that emulator, he released a BASIC compiler
that can be used to create games to run on Stella and, if you think about it, using that
same technology, you could actually make your own Atari 2600 games in BASIC.
I just think that's kind of cool.
That's how a lot of them are done.
I don't know why, I just think that's neat.
You want to know what else is cool?
What?
emulator on the PSP now, and you know what you can run on Amiga?
Monkey Island.
Stella, more information on that emulator, stella.sourceforge.net
and that's S-T-E-L-L-A.
Oh, one last thing I forgot to mention.
Game Maker.
Remember the Game Maker programs?
They're on the PC, and they were on the PlayStation stuff.
You can make your own games.
One's coming to the DS.
Like a legit game?
Legit.
Awesome.
Who's putting it out?
Do you remember?
believe it's oh god I can't remember who the original company was it's the same
company I think RPG maker 3 I got to see RPG maker 3 at their booth at easy here
it says right on it it is how was it at e3 it looks pretty good I think it's a
whole bunch of it they were more focusing on front mission it does not
say mission but I was like isn't that square game they're not permission um
but the other one but apparently I guess with this game maker you can actually
make games from a thing from like a multiplayer game to 3d games so it's not
just an RPG maker also white DS is coming out soon whoopee doo all right we
here at orange launch radio we're not just about talking about video games all
the time because if we talked about video games all the time we would have
no time to go out and eat tacos so we are here to better your life and what
What better way to better your life than Dark Sakura giving you a little piece of her advice
with her advice column.
Dark Sakura, what are you going to talk to us about tonight?
Today's life lesson, bit of advice, call it what you will, is how to perform a tracheotomy.
Because you never know when you have to give someone a tracheotomy.
Number one, find the person's Adam's apple, that's the thyroid cartilage.
Move your finger about 1 inch down the neck until you feel another bulge.
The indentation between the two is the cricothyroid membrane where the incision will be made.
Using a razor blade or knife, make a horizontal incision about half an inch across and half
an inch deep.
Pinch the incision open or place your finger inside it to slit it open.
4. Insert a tube in the incision roughly a half inch to one inch deep.
5. Breathe into the tube with two quick breaths. Pause five seconds and give one breath every
five seconds. You will see the chest rise and the person should regain consciousness
if you have performed the procedure correctly. However, if you performed it incorrectly,
they will bleed to death.
Any final pieces of advice?
Yeah, just don't go hanging out on the smoking porch when people are about to choke to death.
check and see if there's a doctor nearby first you know I really I learned
something because I once saw this on a TV show all they did was jam a big pen
in there just big pens yep emergency trachea me I was I was you know
wondering though a woman doesn't have an Adam's apple
yeah but there's there I I did this tried to feel and see I have this thing
about my neck where if I touch my neck I get if anything touches my neck I get
nauseous but I had to to find and I I think I found the spot for a woman it's
about maybe two-thirds down Eve's apple all right anyway this this is kind of
interesting the rumors going around the internet that rare which by the way is
now like a Microsoft subsidiary instincts they're looking at developing
Nintendo DS games which makes a lot of people go huh but sure enough on their
website they're looking at it they're looking for experience 3d artists for
Nintendo DS and games programmers for the Nintendo DS and this is kind of
makes us go huh is Microsoft gonna do something with the DS killer instincts
three on the DS what that would make me happy actually if Microsoft has no plans
to enter enter the handheld market I could see where this is just saying you
know why not make money off someone else's console if assuming again that
Microsoft has no plans to enter the market. But of course, have you heard those rumors
about the Xbox 360 is supposed to interact with the DS? I'm like, what?
And PSP.
What?
Yes, and all it is is a docking station. I went to the Xbox 360 demo thing. They have
a docking station for the 360 that is basically any USB device or any type of device with
transfer capability. They have a docking station to connect to MP3 players like the iPod or
the eye River MP3 we have a for a mini disc players for all kinds of variety
for digital cameras scanners they basically are having a docking station
to go with the 360 that's going to interface with basically any kind of
digital media device what I heard was they're going to be using the Xbox 360
as basically you can use the PSP and the DS to play games over the internet, Microsoft
games over the internet.
So basically what I'm thinking is it will basically use those two devices as a Bluetooth
controller.
I can't believe it until I see it honestly.
I doubt it.
I know.
At the demo thing that I went to, they were doing, you know how they do little stylish
outlines of different things and showing what, they had a freaking outline of a PSP up there.
That's kind of weird.
That's weird.
Well we'll see. Moving on, this is a story that's kind of been making that rounds on
the web forums and being passed around via various emails. Get this, an 11 year
old boy stabbed his baby nephew in the stomach after the infant's crying
disrupted his PlayStation game. The PlayStation game in question had
something to do with the Incredibles, basically some type of port of the
Incredibles, and the boy told police that in the minutes before the incident he
kept losing while he was playing the game and then the crying made him feel
like an erupted volcano sounds like this kid's got anger management issues but
what do you think they'll try to pin this on the game anyway I don't think
so no because it's Disney or was it Pixar it's that if it were Grand Theft
Auto oh yeah rock stars getting a call and then top of that this and this in
the UK um the news story I'm getting is from the UK but I actually know and I
caught his sling I wanted to oh I wanted to say I thought it was actually in
Florida in Florida is there a location listed did you know because they went to
to the Diana Princess of Wales Hospital Wow which I don't think there's one in
Florida a whole crown court yeah I guess it wasn't yeah I'm sorry this happened
It could have happened. I don't know that kind of reaction would happen there
Because honestly Americans are a lot more freaking hysterical
true, but
You know somebody's gonna try and pin this on the games
Because video games are evil that that's I don't think that that's the same mindset there that it is here
I would actually really love to hear from any of our UK listeners
Let me you know if there's any type of
of flashback, anything that's been in the news or anything, I would seriously like to
know because I would love to compare the difference in reaction.
That would just amuse me to no end.
To go to togo.com if you want to send us one of those emails.
Moving on, trying to wrap it up here.
Viewtiful Joe was going to be called Viewtiful Joe VFX Battle.
They're changing the name to Viewtiful Joe Battle Carnival.
GameCube game coming out September 29th.
That makes me think too much of carnival.
I know kind of battle carnivals a little interesting though. We'll see. We'll see
And last but not least tonight the guy game you remember this game
They got a little bit busted early on because one of the chicks in it was not 18
The guy game was banned
Which which I was surprised to see that the story had kind of hit
This week because I thought the thing got banned months ago when this first came out
but I think the PC version came out and it was on shelves basically what it is
is that the temporary holding that was on the game became permanent and the guy
games website does confirm this just so you know so but you get a copy wait a
couple weeks slap that mother on eBay well here's the thing now what they're
gonna do is they're going to put it all on a DVD called the guy game game over
and sell it for $19.99 probably I would guess without the 17 year old in
question they'll just trim her on out of there and have a new DVD so there you
have it Loki interested in that purchase at all I already have the guy game and
what's what's interesting though is that actually girls gone wild is doing this
new thing called girls gone wild like games and it's actually the the little
mini not really the mini games but if you've ever Rob play the guy game
remember at the very end of the guy game they have the guy game challenge or
whatever and where the women would do like they'd bounce on the ball or they
were jumping it's all that oh and they got like a minute bonus if they did it
topless and things like that it's all that crap so apparently this will be
popular how much you want to bet that you know that girls gone well to put out
a trivia game just like this something one of these days it's gonna have
competition it's gonna happen and I honestly I think I think the guy game
They should do another one without just me with you making you get idiom first exactly
All right, that's gonna do it for another episode of orange lounge radio to go final thoughts loki
I'm gonna play me some killer seven and hopefully finish this game
My final thought is rubbing together oil
Dark Sakura we need the girl game with like you know naked guys, and then the special yaoi
edition by the way go ahead no you first I was gonna say by the way there's a new
guys gone wild DVD coming out yay and but my absolute final thought is reject
boss icons that's gonna do it we'll see you next time here thank you for
subscribing to our podcast that's the end of another orange lounge radio to go
edition. This podcast is a proud part of www.orangeloungeradio.com. See you next update.
