Orange Lounge Radio To Go Edition, week of July 4th, 2005.
You're tuned in to the Orange Lounge Radio To Go Edition, your podcast home for all the latest video game news and gamer chat.
Now, here are your hosts, DarkSakura, Skye, and Logan.
Hello, everybody, and welcome to another edition of our podcast, Your Home, dedicated to video games and video gaming.
Most notably, the games that don't suck.
My name is Rob Roberts, you might know me as Sky.
Joining me as always, my awesome co-host,
Dark Sakura, Jamie Summers. There she is.
Cheerio, loves.
How you doing, hon?
Um... recovering.
Yeah, we'll talk about what's been going on here in a little bit.
And in the other corner, the one and only Tech Masa Loki.
Hey.
How you doing? Holding up okay?
As best as I can.
OK, let me set this up for you guys
out there who are listening.
Right now, we're looking at the three year anniversary
of Orange Lounge Radio.
Now granted, we've only been podcasting
for about the last four or five months,
oh, since January, however long that's been.
Well, actually, that would be like six or seven
months at this point.
So we've been podcasting a little while.
But our station itself, the live station we have,
has been up for three years now.
We're celebrating that this weekend.
And in honor of our three year show,
tonight when we did our live program earlier this evening,
We did a little bit of drinking, a little bit.
So we're recovering from that right now,
Loki more so than anybody,
because he had a little experience with my toilet,
needless to say.
Let's just leave it at that.
He was bowed down before the porcelain goddess.
Exactly.
Dark Soccer and I, we're fine.
Remember kids, don't drink and drive.
We're doing this because we have designated drivers.
Don't drink and date.
It's food rating, yes, don't drink and date.
That's the special important thing.
That might get you into a bit more trouble.
However, drinking in DDR is okay.
It's actually kinda funny.
It's funny as hell.
I've played DDR drunk.
I did too, Vegas once, I remember.
Of all places, I was playing DDR drunk.
I just remember feeling very heavy.
My choker's choking me.
All right.
Anyway, let's talk about our gaming weeks.
Before we get into the gaming news
here on Orange Laundry Radio,
we always talk about our gaming weeks,
starting off with the one and only Dark Sakura.
I know you got your move done,
so you got a chance to play any games this week?
We did move.
haven't played any games except the potato peeler on gorillas.com and of
course widescreen pong so we did however purchase a 50 inch HD widescreen TV I
was gonna say you have a sweet new gamer rig if nothing else as soon as we pick
up some component cables I'm gonna be freaking trying out 2dx on that is that
the first game you're gonna try on there is beat mania 2d yeah all right sounds
good to me you got a sweet gaming rig it sounds like you have a better gaming rig
than anybody else I know so we're definitely gonna have to go over there
I'll have to do a podcast over there at some point on your sweet new 50-inch TV
I actually added the laptop to it oh and we watched we tried to watch Tokyo
breakfast and it wouldn't load so we watched the deadly Negro amazing what
it what is that I don't even know it it's this guy who basically screams and
yells motherfucker a whole lot pleasant a to Afro Nova oh but the second one is
funny. Where can you get that from? Um, totallycracked.com. Sounds appropriate. Loki, you look a little
dazed and confused right now, but can you tell us about your gaming week? Take it coherent.
My gaming week is mainly, um, Destroy All Humans. That's pretty much all I've been playing
this week. Um, I actually did finish the game itself. Um, it is pretty simplistic other
than you know destroying all humans but um it's a lot of fun they have the voice
actor that does invaders in it so you gotta love that and other than that
it's a lot of fun so definitely check it out did you say you got to take a sneak
peek at some new PSP game yeah I have a PSP I'm borrowing the PSP version of
what was it it was um I know you're drunk but think think hard think hard
no um honestly it's um doo doo doo doo doo I remember it's basically um it's a
lot of fun it's um you remember what the name of the game is no but honestly it's
It's, it's um, I don't even, alright forget it, there's some new PSP game that's coming
out.
I can't believe that.
Dead to Rights.
There you go, there you go, Dead to Rights.
Dead to Rights, Dead to Rights Reckoning, and I've been playing that.
It's basically like Dead to Rights 2, but it's for the PSP, you've got the dog, it's
a lot of fun.
Definitely check it out if you've got PSP, cause honestly there's not that much out right
now, it's for the PSP, so.
PSP is suffering from what DS was suffering from like four months ago.
Yeah, exactly. PSP syndrome basically.
Same thing as DS syndrome.
You've got to pick up many games that are out there for the PSP right now.
You've got Midnight Club 3 that just came out, and you know, Death of the Rites, Reckoning.
You've got to check those out.
And those are really good. Especially since you've got the bullet time effect and stuff in that.
Isn't the bullet time effect kind of horrid in a lot of games now though? Ever since The Matrix?
Yeah, I mean since the matrix is it still cool. That's what I want to know. Oh hell. Yeah, it's so cool
Yeah, just check it out. It's a lot of fun
Honestly, um, but if you really want to you know, save some money and stuff just download the Genesis emulators and whatnot and
Play those because they don't cost anything. It's a lot of fun and
Definitely if you're out there buying PSP games don't do it while you're drunk because
obviously you're gonna be spending money on stuff that you shouldn't be spending
money on take it from me okay cuz I'm you know is you drinking go shopping all
the time I drink and go shopping yeah exactly and then you become summer you're
like what the hell why did I buy this so honestly folks if you're drunk just you
know seriously and just you know make your peace with the porcelain God and
you know take it from there you're being a lethargic drunk tonight I think it's
very interesting
well i've already thrown up about four times over the you know the porcelain
god as you would put it
and uh... kneel down before the porcelain goddess
i've never actually thrown up when i've been drunk so i've hit a whole new level of
drunkenness
uh... but take it from me though the the psp game version of um...
The other rights is pretty cool, so I definitely recommend checking it out, but
you know, honestly, you know, try it before you buy it. You know, don't go out and buy these PSP
games because
they're not that great. They're just, you know, ports of the PC, um, or PS2 versions of them.
So just try them before you buy them, and then, um,
go from there. Alright, sounds good.
Now, my gaming week, I actually, I have been obsessed with the DS game all week
along and it's Meteos I love Meteos I picked that up earlier this week this is
what the DS is all about you guys because I the touchscreen adds so much
to this game because it allows the game to be fast paced because you move your
blocks literally with the stylus you can you can play this game with the
controller and the button but it would not work having to swap the bricks one
at a time it just would not work the same but having a stylus where you can
drag your blocks up and down because the interesting thing about me yes you can't
move them left and right. You only move your blocks up and down, which is kind of weird.
It adds this whole new dimension to a puzzle game. I can't explain it, but it makes it
very fast paced. Meteos is very cool. I love it because being kind of a short attention
gamer or a gamer ADD, as I sometimes call it, or sometimes I only want to play a game
for 5-10 minutes, Meteos works out really well for me. A lot of people have been comparing
this game to Luminous. Well, of course, the same company, same developer. I would say
The music and graphics aren't quite what they are in Luminous, but I think that's just a
system holdback.
I mean, obviously on the PSP, which is more CD-based, you're going to get better music
and you get stuff like the Mondo Grosso track, Shinin', whatever.
It works out better for that.
But that's not to knock Meteos because it's an incredible concept for a game, and the
type of game it is you could not do on the PSP because of the touchscreen and everything.
Definitely if you're a DS owner, if you like puzzle games to any extent, if you went out
bought puyo puyo fever or you buy any other puzzler pilarium man if you wasted
the money on pilarium trust me you're gonna love medios it redeems DS puzzlers
by quite a bit so I highly recommend it that's been the game I've been playing
I'm still waiting for like your plankton I'm looking forward to electroplank and
of course nintendogs so we'll see I got my puppies ordered real are you getting
the u.s. or Japanese one the u.s. I know a lot of thinking get it at a 30% off
discount all right all right let's get into some gaming news first off though
just want to welcome those you guys that are subscribed to us through iTunes now
because iTunes 4.9 rolled out earlier actually last week as you probably know
about and a lot of folks find an orange lounge radio thanks to that doing a
search for video games and finding us so big hello to you guys hope you enjoy the
show just remember we're a little we're a little out of it tonight so this this
This isn't quite representative of our normal perky cells, but darn it, we are giving you
a podcast every week, come hell or high water, and I think this just proves it.
Or lots of booze.
Oh yeah.
Or channel 11 shots.
I still can't believe I out-drunk Loki, and I'm more sober.
Alright, I was going to ask Loki, uh, Loki looks passed out now, I think he's actually
fell asleep, I was going to ask you if anything's going on in the hack and crack scene, in a
couple sentences, anything?
the 1.5 version PSP stuff but that's when that was released last week then
that really only thing to mention is the loader for the luminous is available for
the PSP so that means you know there's gonna be more PSP games so they're
actually running the ROMs for but that's kind of a gray area because that's
piracy flat-out really yeah there's piracy but that's pretty much the big
things going on the PSP world but if I'm not mistaken wouldn't these versions of
luminous or whatever that you load on your memory car or memory stick when
they have stripped graphics typically like a lot of them what was it Dreamcast
when they were trying to put those on CDs they would sometimes have to strip
out some of the audio and luminous if you strip out the audio and some of the
graphics it's not going to be the same game the audience at the audio is
essential to a game like Luma all I don't know if they're doing so far but
But so far, the thing that's been stripped out is all the audio.
So all the, like, you know, music stuff has gone, so.
It's not worth it.
You know, it's really not worth it, but it is a step in the right direction, I guess,
with as far as pirating goes.
But really, who cares about pirating games, I mean, because most of the games suck.
But all you have to know is that I'm incredibly drunk right now, and that's really what counts.
Somebody stripped the caffeine out of Loki or something.
Honestly, folks, if I could feel better right now, that'd be great.
Anything you could do to make me feel better, that'd be great.
Remember, kids, don't break a drive.
I'll pass off the penguin mints.
All right.
Well, since we got some increased exposure,
we've actually been getting some letters on our mailbox, togo,
T-O-G-O, at orangeloungeradio.com.
And we thought we'd take a minute to read some letters.
Yeah, let's open up the old Orange Lounge Radio letter bag.
Let's see, the first email that we have comes from
Sakurina wrote us an email saying that Sakurina was actually listening to one of our older
podcasts, the May 9th, 2005 podcast, and had some comments about the banning of violent
video games to minors.
Sakurina says, I am a minor and my parents follow and keep up with the ESRB rating system.
I've always kept up with the ESRB's rating system and I've followed it as much as possible.
In fact, I've never really played a mature game until Halo in 2001 when I was 10, and
I didn't find myself mature enough to play them, and I gave up on them until last year
when I purchased Metal Gear Solid, the Twin Snakes, my first mature game I ever purchased.
My parents actually ask me what I'm going to play, and they know how mature I am for
each kind of game.
In other words, not all parents are retards.
Good for your parents, but my comments were strictly in reference to the majority.
Yes.
again not all parents are retards we want to just reinforce that there
we there's some very intelligent parents out there and yours sound like that you
sound like an intelligent individual as well because you know what's good for
you and what's not
and we applaud those gamers that know how to distinguish
the gaming world from real life because they are people in Korea apparently
yeah as that story we had last week alright
let's go on to the second letter we got second letter we got was from
Warrior Bob
Warrior Bob was responding to something last week's show having to do with the ethical
Ethical miss of emulated games at the Kalani ethicality
Sorry, I need to go back to a grammar school
Warrior Bob says I think I'm somewhere between all your fine selves
I think it's perfectly okay to emulate something which is no longer easily available on the market out of print games like the pre
32-bit catalog, Japanese games never released here, etc.
In the case of the re-released Nintendo games, the situation has changed.
Now these games like Zelda and Metroid are easily available on the market, but the price
is somewhat questionable.
I think the emulation is valid with these titles, so long as an original NES copy is
owned.
The fact that the titles are selling shows that there exists a market, and as Jamie pointed
out, many people consider it worth the price to have a portable version of the game.
I know I, myself, bought a copy of the GBA Zelda re-release.
Mmm.
So, of course, you know, there's something to be said about the added value of the convenience
of having it in your GBA with all this complicated, emulated stuff.
My whole thing is, even with the re-releases, I don't think that they're anywhere near the
same as having the system hooked up to your TV, playing the original game on the original
damn controller, which is why I own so many freakin' video game systems.
all right well thank you guys for your letters again if you guys have any
emails out there you can always send us an email to go at orange lounge radio
calm all right let's get into some gaming news tonight we'll start it off
actually talking about the GBA and the DS this is interesting because the
website in 10 dojo is saying that 57,000 Nintendo DS's were sold in May to
American consumers Sony however is reporting that a quarter of a million
PSPs were shipped in the same month of course I don't know those stats to me
seem a little uneven because you have to remember the PSP was released later than
the DS so you know how many sold versus how many shipped that's true too I don't
know so it doesn't really account for all that however this is what's
interesting the GBA sold two hundred and thirty seven thousand units so it's out
selling the DS which is interesting do you think that's just because it's
cheaper, or people just aren't into the DS thing,
what do you think's up with that?
I think it has to do with both of those reasons, actually.
And also keep in mind the way marketing works for them,
at least in Japan, the DS is being sold as something
for adults, older people, whereas the GBA is for all ages.
And I have a feeling that their marketing is very similar
here, except they are taking advantage of the younger
market.
But what I don't get is that the DS, in many ways,
just like a GBA you can play your GBA games on the DS that's what I don't get
I don't know I'm using my DS as my GBA as well so our buddies over in Europe
there's a story being announced there that it the DS in Europe is sell has
sold 1 million units and that since the portable launched there three months ago
worldwide DS sales now at 6 million so it's taken off in Europe but you know
the PSP they're they're cracking down on the importing of the PSP's before it's
actually released out there and all this interesting stuff which should actually
be coming up in the next month or so yeah very soon so you guys don't have to
wait much longer for that let's talk about there was actually a lot of news
this week about MTV which I think is very interesting
m-t-a I know I know but MTV has formed their own MTV games unit MTV games is
devoted to quote developing producing and promoting unique and creative gaming
experiences that resonate with MTV's audience and this kind of falls in line
with another article that's been floating around in the music game
community saying that MTV is talking they want to get into the music games
but I can't help but think haven't MTV put out games already to some extent
like I remember there was a remote control generator game the music
generator games the remote control games on Nintendo but I'm thinking okay the
difference is is that those were games put out by other companies using the MTV
license now MTV wants to do their own thing so what do you think is it gonna
be commercially successful I mean let's face MTV huge marketing machine they
could free advertising crap crap are you saying that just because you're getting
older and jaded with MTV or do you truly believe there's something else here?
There's gonna be stupid children that's gonna buy it though.
MTV does not know how to market games, honestly. I mean they- I mean hello, look it's MTV a channel
itself. It's supposed to be music- music on their channel. It's all just stupid reality TV shows.
I mean hello. Road rules the game. Honestly folks, um, they might be able to market it as a game,
but I
Think it's gonna fail overall. That's way. I think it is. I thought this wasn't now
This is another this is another announcement that was made this week regarding MTV
MTV is actually going to partner up with midway games
They're going to jointly or basically what's gonna happen. It's gonna it's like a partnership for marketing
They're gonna jointly sell in-game advertising and collaborating on the soundtracks and things like that now get this midway has la rush
right what they're gonna do is they're gonna take some branding from pimp my
ride on MTV and incorporate that into LA rush good for them me as long as they
get their game out there I mean whatever way they manage to do that that's good
for them works out for Midway because they get free marketing basically
honestly does that disgrace the LA rush rush brunch the rush franchise or no
You know, honestly, LA Rush wasn't that good of a game to begin with, I mean, I'd rather
see him pushing, you know, pin my ride aspect of that.
It's really sad that that game really sucked.
I mean, the problem is that- I don't mind LA Rush, it's alright.
It was okay!
I enjoyed, like, Hydro Thunder and Arctic Thunder, those were my midway games.
It was okay!
The problem was, it lost all the aspects of the Rush series.
I mean the rest series is basically like okay, you have like, you know set track that you go to
There's a few shortcuts and one line and there's some really cool, you know shortcuts
You can take that and you know involved like a lot of big jumps and one loops
But this new game, it's just like, you know, you don't really know where you're supposed to go
You just kind of follow a track and that's it. It wasn't as good as the original
All right, a dark Sakura any thoughts on this
It wasn't cool since Rush the Rock.
Alright, everybody has their own opinion. I'm sure you guys at home have yours as well.
Now we're going to get into the part of the show where we are going to better your life.
Because you know what? We can't play video games all day long.
Yes we can.
But if we stayed home and played video games all day long, we'd have no time to go out and drink responsibly.
Either that or we would let our four year old babies die.
yes so in order to help better your life we're here to offer you some advice to
help better your life in many ways and who better to bring that advice to you
than dark Sakura with her advice column
today's bit of advice is how to survive a fall onto subway tracks number one do
not attempt to climb back onto the platform unless you are positive you
have enough time to do so to find a safe place to stand out of the way of the
noncoming train.
Stand against a wall between columns separating two tracks on an adjoining set of tracks or
beneath the platform.
4.
Remove any articles of clothing or bags that could catch on the train and stand still,
straight, and tall.
Wait, I don't think that you're not supposed to jump on the platform.
What do you do?
You jump on the other tracks where the train isn't coming and hope you're right?
There's a middle section that has the pillars that hold the area up between where the alternating
tracks are.
Not every subway system.
every but there are many that do because I'm thinking about Bart Bart doesn't
have okay the picture you have shows okay I understand that but like Bart
doesn't have that so if I fall on the tracks on Bart I'm dead basically is
what you're saying yeah okay unless you can get your ass up all right so my
final piece of advice yes don't fucking ride the subway to hail a taxi but
subways are our New York friends can benefit from this piece of advice how
How about this?
Don't cross the yellow line, kids.
Each knee, each knee, Suicide Club, yo.
If you got that reference, hats off to you.
Da, da, da.
Big news this week.
It doesn't quite affect video gaming, per se.
But we know a lot of you guys are tech oriented,
and a lot of you guys probably do this.
You probably just don't talk about it.
But peer-to-peer networks.
There was this big Supreme Court ruling this week
that said Grokster and Streamcast Networks,
two big peer-to-peer services, could be held liable
for the actions of users utilizing
their peer-to-peer file sharing services.
I'm sure a lot of you guys have heard a lot about this story.
I'm curious what you guys think.
DarkSakura, what do you think about this,
this peer-to-peer ruling?
Do you think this is fair,
that Grokster should be held responsible
for what its users do with it?
Ultimately, they are providing the means, so legally, the service that provides the
means for the illegal activity has a right of responsibility.
They do have, they would basically be found negligent for allowing the misuse of their
material.
However, there is not a way to regulate this, which again, in the eyes of the court, would
B, you shouldn't offer this service, you know, don't operate your business, but again, that
takes money out of their pocket, you know, which, taking money out of the pocket of a
small business eventually will hurt the economy, therefore, they're basically treading on some
thin ice right here, the courts and the company.
So the courts probably looking at this as a way to hold them responsible as a party
while maintaining balance and industry.
I mean, if that makes sense to you.
Okay, okay, I'll follow you.
Again, I'm coming from having taken
that business law class.
All right, all right.
All right, moving on, my thoughts on this whole thing.
I think it really depends on how you're marketing
your peer-to-peer network.
I think if you're marketing your peer-to-peer network
as, you know, hey, come to our network
and trade your illegal MP3 files on our network,
then yes, I think you can be held responsible,
but I think if you're marketing your network
not as something that should be used for legit purposes,
the trading of open source programs or what have you,
and this is what you're encouraging your users to do
and you're discouraging your users via warnings
and other mechanisms to do the illegal thing,
then I don't see how they can hold you so responsible.
I kind of use this example.
It's like household cleaner.
You can't sue the people that make household cleaner
because you could theoretically kill someone with it
because they put warnings on the bottle that says,
hey, don't swallow this, dumb ass, right?
Actually, I have a case that I can repeat,
an Oklahoma case.
Okay.
The weed eater has a warning on it that says,
do not allow people under the age of,
believe that it was 15 years old,
within 20 feet of this machine while being operated.
Um, in this case, an uncle was weed eating the lawn.
The thing was fully on the machine.
Ten-year-old kids picking up dirt after it. The uncle,
the mom's, like, off doing something else. She's there but not observing her child.
The guy hits a rock with the weed eater, and this is the one with the metal blades.
It recoils goes backwards and slices off the child's arm at the elbow
now
We are looking at this as logical adults, who do you think would be a fault?
Cool adult
Would it be the uncle for his negligence? It would be the weed eater company
I think a bit child because they're down right the white, you know
I think it is in common sense it falls in one of those categories of accidents happen
You know just like it's like a car accidents happen. It's it's unfortunate, but it was an accident
I don't think anybody's liable in that case. That's what I that's my opinion is logical in the state of, Oklahoma
There are three cases for a company to be held liable for negligence
That's for default of the machine accident caused by said default to misuse of the of the item
The company was actually found at fault for Wow a default
But what a machine did not have. Now, taking that example, that poison notice on the bottle
of bleach isn't going to mean shit. Unless it is proven that the child swallowed the
item while the parent was negligent. And then it is the parent's fault. However, again.
Well, okay, tying this back to the peer-to-peer network thing before we lose too many people
in our analogies. Well, yeah, but I'm using it as-
No, I understand, I understand. But no, the MPAA or the RIAA is not going to, well I guess
they have been suing the individual users to some extent, but having very limited success
in doing so, and it's bad, bad PR for them too.
Oh yeah. Now, the way that this ties into the peer-to-peer. Peer-to-peer offers a service.
They do have the disclaimers on there that this is not to be used for X purposes, right?
of them. It depends on the network. Even those that have that notice on there, if their product
is being quote misused, they're still responsible. In the eyes of the court, they should still
be responsible. Now again, logically that doesn't make sense. Logically it should be
in the hands of the person who is misusing the product as long as the disclaimer exists.
Now another thing too is that when they download that service, thereís usually, and Iíve
studied this, thereís a click agreement.
By clicking that little box that says you agree to their terms of service, you are signing
a contract that says I will not misuse this item.
I will not do this for anything other than the specific purpose intended.
So even after all that, the companies could still be held liable?
I don't, I don't, if they are in the case that they have that as a full part of their
agreement and the parties violating the cert, violating that terms of service are, you know,
have placed that agreement, they're using their product and that clause exists, I do
not believe the company should be held liable.
They put it in there.
It is the point of the user at that point of violating terms of service, which removes
negligence from the company.
Here's the reality how many people read that notice no it does nobody well maybe five people
five percent of the users of it maybe still how many people buy a house and don't read
their mortgage true i you know i work in a mortgage company how many freaking calls did
i get when i was in customer service why do i have a pre-payment penalty well didn't you
read your contract you had three days to change your fucking mind again pardon me for my rudeness
on that, but you people need to freaking read. You sign a contract, you need to read it,
and I think that in the case of those peer-to-peer networks, I think that they shouldn't be held
at fault at all. However, those who are too stupid to put that clause in there, oh yeah,
nail them. Seriously.
All right, many, many different perspectives on this issue, very hot button issue in the
community. If you have thoughts, we'd love to hear them.
Yeah, and I'm sorry for going off on the legal aspect of it. That's something that really
I research.
want people to think about the different perspectives of looking at it. A lot of people are just
stomping their foot going, that's not fair, I want to keep downloading music for free,
it's not fair. But you have to look at, in the case of this, you have to really look
at the big picture to understand what's going on. And you know, the average gamer, I don't
think is going to do that. The average gamer is probably going to be, you know, what, teenage,
lower 20s, the average gamer.
To hugely generalize, yes. But they're not going to be
in the age group that is known for thinking about this type of thing.
You know, but if you're going to have an opinion,
it's a good idea to have an informed opinion as opposed to
stomping your foot and acting like an ignorant little child.
Sorry is the truth. And we're here to help educate you and think about the different positions.
about this proposition.
Exactly, exactly.
All right.
Let's move on.
We lost Loki.
No, that's all right.
Did Loki pass out finally?
No.
You still with us, Loki?
No.
All right, he's still there a little bit.
All right, Loki, do you have a thought
on the peer-to-peer thing?
Can you get your microphone back up there?
We were going to get the opinion of the average drunk.
What are we talking about now?
Exactly.
Peer-to-peer network, Scott, said you can be held liable.
The Supreme Court says you, Grokster, can be held liable
because people misuse your service.
I've never heard of Grokster.
My thought is, you know what, honestly those peer-to-peer networks, they know that there's
illegal files being shared on there.
They're just doing the best they can to, you know, cover their asses.
So honestly, um, you don't need to go through, go through to find all the files that you're
looking for, so.
So you are bringing up this point that a lot of people say, when you squelch one problem,
it just gets bigger.
If they had never shut down Napster,
iTunes probably would be a lot more,
even though iTunes is having a lot of success now,
iTunes would probably be more successful
if it had showed up before they shut down Napster,
because people would have went from Napster to iTunes.
Instead, people went from Napster to,
well actually, and I take that back,
iTunes did exist in some form on the Mac only though,
but let's, you know, Mac only has a smaller share than PC.
I went from Napster to, what was that, music?
Audio grab or audio audio galaxy. I went to audio galaxy. Some people went to limewire Nutella
There was a lot from from that
I went to kaza and now I'm on the torrent and the problems getting worse and worse and I by the way am downloading files
Illegally, you know and if you come try to search through my computer Oh government
I'm going to fucking nail your ass to the goddamn wall and get you a fucking painting for
violation of privacy, uh-uh and violating my
I meant my rights under the Constitution.
Oh yeah, I'm gonna nail you if you pull that shit on me.
You do know anyone can listen to this podcast, right?
Oh, I don't care.
TwoGo at Orange Laundry.
They do it.
If you wanna send Jamie some fan mail.
We are on unregulated freaking radio.
I will nail you.
Wow, them's fighting words.
I don't care.
All right.
The BBC is running a story.
This story actually being linked from Slashdie.
Well, this is interesting.
BBC is running a story saying that women are going to explode onto the gaming scene any
minute now.
I just exploded on the gaming scene.
By the way, I'm not really downloading illegal files.
You can pretty much figure where the rest of this story is going, saying that online
role-playing games are doing good with women despite the subject matter, da-da-da.
Gaming gamers in the UK make up a quarter of the gaming population, 39% in the US, 69%
in South Korea.
Very interesting.
So I don't know, Dark Sakura as a woman gamer, what do you think?
You know, I don't think it should matter, because that's just promoting discrimination
between genders.
I game, yes, I enjoy my Phantasy Star Online, I've been a week without it, but it doesn't
matter.
Why is there a stupid report about this freaking bullcrap when...
Because a lot of horny guys out there would have been gaming away.
Because you're like, oh my god, girls play video games, what does the freaking 21st century
get with the times, it doesn't need a study.
There were girls that played Atari.
Hello.
I played Atari, hello.
But admittedly, not as many women play games as guys.
Well, that needs to freaking change,
but you don't need a report to tell you this.
So what do they need to do?
Really quickly, what do they need to do?
They need to turn off their Xbox
and go out and meet people.
No, no, no, I'm not talking about that.
Get laid.
How do you get more women in games?
Is it the type of games they're putting out?
Is it the way they market them?
Is it just society stigma?
think the average woman interest is ridiculous. They need, like, Cosmo the game.
So Paris Hilton needs to put out a video game. I guess. You know, how to be a social whore.
But the rest of... no gamer would ever take a game like that seriously. Just like Mary
Kate and Ashley learned to drive or whatever, Sweet Sixteen are the laughing stock of the
gaming world. Yeah. Well, the thing is that I play freakin'
ragnarok and ragnarok's cutesy
but i played you know final fantasy eleven i played
you know fantasy star online
i played halo until i found out it made me motion sick
you know my favorite game of all time is freaking guardian legend
which is one of the one of the single hardest of video games ever
you know
i played abadox
which was supposed to be the most gory video game when it came out
you're too special though
That's what it boils down to.
I am a true gamer woman.
I feel sorry, though, for other women
to have me as the voice of the gaming community.
I like the violent stuff.
All right.
Who's the game?
Couple more stories here, you guys.
PlayStation 3 will not be coming out with a hard drive.
Xbox 360, they are saying they're
going to do a 20 gig hard drive.
PlayStation 3, nope.
Not coming with it.
There will be a slot where you can put in an 80 gig hard drive
a little later on.
but no hard drive in the outset.
To me, this is kind of striking me as these stories
are really kind of a bigger deal
than I think they ought to be.
I think it just really depends on the games
that are coming out.
If the games come out and they don't require a hard drive,
because none of the games they have out right now
really require a hard drive console-wise,
save maybe Final Fantasy XI, a couple other exceptions,
that's all you need.
That's all the gaming system needs to be successful
are good games, right?
It really should only be the games that matter.
But this story's been running on every gaming website, and it's kind of like,
oh no, PlayStation 3, you're not going to have a hard drive.
So?
We didn't have a hard drive before the PS2.
Why does it matter?
Don't know.
Yeah, the memory card.
I think it's interesting.
The only good that my hard drive is for is for my HD loader.
And I only use it for that.
And really, the only other reason to have that is for, like, what, the Endless Mode in Beatmania?
And for, uh, Final Fantasy XI.
Hm.
That's it.
Another news story, uh, a recent blog updated by a Japanese voice actor, Koji Tsujitani.
Uh, he is a video game voice actor, and he contributed to Xenosaga, and he said in his blog,
I'm doing another one.
So he kind of let the cat out of the bag that there was a Xenosaga 3 on the way.
I think we kind of figured that.
Yeah, I think we kind of figured that.
Namco, by the way, not making any official statement on that, but in the blog it says
he has begun recording work for the next installment in the series.
Kind of not a big surprise, but I'm sure a lot of fans will be happy to know that yes,
it is indeed happening.
lastly tonight a story about a gaming company called left-behind games you
might know the term left-behind it's a famous book series that's big in the
Christian and religious world it's a it's about what happened after the
rapture basically and those folks that were left behind after the rapture yeah
burning hell well get this they are they're making a PC game based on those
novels
that's right i i don't know how that's going to work
but it seems like now now a lot of sites out there on blogs is are saying that
between this and you saw at e three natsumi had made the bible game which
was like jeopardy for bibles
it's kinda like christian gaming is making this big come back you know it
didn't we already have a matrix
i wish that by matrix to come out in the states honestly i mean
Go ahead make a Bible game. I mean what not I mean people are gonna play it
And you've got the small following that you know follows the whole you know left behind series and whatnot
Go ahead. If you think you're gonna make some money off of it. You know more power to you, but if you know if it fails
No, we just told you so here's here's my last question to you guys
And then we'll wrap up the show is this a good thing or a bad thing for gaming or does it strictly depend on?
on how the game is?
following have for this type of thing really other than that you know that's
the only thing that's going to be depending on how good it's going to be. I mean, because if you have a good
following behind it it's going to be good
otherwise it's going to suck. I, you know what, I say it's a good thing for gaming
because it'll keep, it'll take people's attention, certain people who need their
attention taken away from games like Grand Theft Auto and because there's
people out there they seriously are in this mindset that all video games are
violent all video games are violent no no no video games movies art in any form
the freaking news oh I'm on my thot art in any form is what you want it to be
and as far if this can show people a certain people that need to see this and
I'm not saying that everybody every Christian needs to see that's not that's
not what I'm saying I'm saying certain hardcore people that are out there that
are saying like video games are just they're all violent they're all
plaguing society if this will help people see that not all video games have
to be violent then I say it's a good thing yeah you know this is what I say
being an artist myself the goal of an artist in the end is to provoke a
reaction whether you are offended by it whether you don't like it whether you'd
love it have a positive reaction getting that reaction getting feedback on
on that reaction that is a goal of an artist because they know that their work
be it a video game be it a piece of visual art or written they know that
their piece created that response apathy is the worst thing an artist can have so
then are we in agreement that video game creators are in fact artists I do agree
Loki to a certain extent I I would assume but you know I mean it's like go
crazy and assume that they're artists just because they create a video game I
think I think it's I think it's art just in another form in a sense I mean let's
not go crazy with just seeing you have writing involved it's you have art
involved it's not a Mona Lisa okay no it's it's an art form it's not a way
the art is art art is a way of expressing yourself right it's a
combination of visual art I'd be willing to go that far it's a combination of
visual arc dramatic arts you know because you've got the acting that goes
into the game the storytelling aspect of it and you also have the the audio arts
because you have music in the games it is an overall work of art some very deep
subjects tonight I'm a fantasy is this a is this a like post drunken lethargic
talk or something I don't know if I have no freaking clue how we've been talking
The legal chatter thing got my brain working.
If you were to ask me what we talked about in this podcast, I would have no clue.
You can listen to it all week long and hear what an ass you were.
You could wake up tomorrow going, why am I wearing this shirt?
Yeah, honestly, I don't know where the hell these pants came from.
Those are actually my pants, because you threw up on the other ones.
Okay.
Anyway, let's wrap up the show, please.
And ribbons and bows.
The video games are a good thing to end on.
Loki throwing up on himself not so good a note to end on so let's go video games
are yay happy shiny happy all right final thoughts Loki your final thought
my final thought is I need the pace myself with as far as drinking goes and
maybe next time you know ice would be a little bit better in my drinks because
you know the warm drinks aren't that great but I don't know I I was able to
handle my alcohol a lot better in San Diego and I don't know why but I guess
were just depend on the alcohol but I don't know yeah my final thought is I'm
very much looking forward to seeing the letter bag this week the mailbag I hope
I hope you guys write some good emails this week can't wait to read them and
sorry to those you who didn't get your emails read on air we try to be fair and
just select a couple yeah but I reply to everybody who emails me except for
they're really dumb yeah and there's a lot of stuff going on the PSP world I'm
sure I didn't cover it because I don't remember covering it get to it next week
when you're so honestly folks I mean there's a lot of cool stuff going on the
PSP world just you know check it out on PSP updates calm log is stuff on there
and DS updates calm a lot of stuff on there they're actually doing 360 updates
calm and whatnot but you're gonna find some good stuff on there so check it out
all right dark Sakura your final thought reject false icons and next summer I
I will be in London for a couple days so I would love to meet up with some of our
UK listeners and interview a couple of them. I'm gonna be on the East Coast in a
couple weeks but I'll get more details on that later. I will also be in France and
I will also be in Italy. Lucky! I'm gonna be chaperoning high school
students. Oh sounds like fun all right all right let's wrap it up thank you
guys for subscribing and putting up with ourselves for another week here on the
podcast we hope you enjoyed it see you next time everybody
That's the end of another Orange Lounge Radio To Go edition.
This podcast is a proud part of www.orangeloungeradio.com See you next update!
