This week, if you showed up and Bobby was an hour late or you showed up for Bobby and
got us instead, you probably forgot to set your clocks back or forgot that we did, hemispheres
and countries and the tyranny of clocks, something like that.
For the podcast listeners, it's just another day ending in Y or G if you're Swedish.
Now it's time for your hosts, Rob Roberts, Jamie Summers, and Loki to bring you actual news.
Things like a Squid Game like games, certainly needed social dynamic changes and plenty more
news starting right now on the show.
Rera Gamer has a voice.
Welcome back to another week of the show where every gamer has a voice.
It is Orange Lounge Radio.
That's right.
A brand new time zone tonight and we are back with episode number 890 for this November
the 7th of 2021.
And on Twitch, I'm by myself right now.
Why is that?
There we go.
Hello.
I am Rob Roberts and I am joined as always by my incredible co-hosts.
Say hello first off to DarkSakura or Jamie Summers.
Hi.
But you know, we're not really in a different time zone.
We're still Pacific time.
Yeah.
I should have said a different time, not time zone.
But you know, when you're trying to do camera changes with one hand and talking with your
mouth, it's a lot.
It's multitasking.
It's hard.
It's very hard.
I don't need to know what you're doing with one hand, Rob.
I got one hand in my pocket to quote an Alanis Morissette song, but that's all it's doing.
Anyway, DarkSakura, I wanted to start off the show by saying to you happy N7 day.
How did you, how did you spend your N7 day?
I was busy all day.
We did, it was really actually kind of a half work day for me.
I had to, I had a sister meeting this morning and it went two hours instead of one hour,
longer than two hours actually.
Are you back to doing those in person or is it still virtual?
No, we tried and then we went right back to zooming it.
And funny enough, I found that the thing I use for connecting my phone for, not for Twitch,
I use Twitch cam for that, but for discord works in zoom.
So I was able to, but for some reason, zoom doesn't like my headphones maybe because it's
hooked in through my microphone, maybe, but lots of house cleaning and I had to get some
groceries and, and yeah, just too busy today, but I but to celebrate, I did not play any
mass effect because I didn't have time and it still won't run on my Mac.
Well, that's a bummer, but yeah, that legendary edition, uh, I don't, I haven't touched it
myself in, since it really, like it came out, I didn't even beat mass effect one still.
I think Alan did a play through of it, but I never did.
And uh, I was kind of waiting for them to finish patching it because they were still
putting out patches after the fact.
So, um, well, I still haven't done animal crossing either just because of how busy I've
been.
So, Oh my gosh.
There's a lot of people playing that.
I haven't, I haven't gotten around to animal crossing yet either, but I know a lot of people
have been super enjoying that one.
Uh, I want to go to s two and a mat in our chat because we do tape live every Sunday
night at six o'clock Pacific, nine o'clock Eastern, right after the Bobby black will
show at the voice geeks network, twitch.tv slash vog network.
That's VOG network.
And that's the shoe.
One hundred.
Matt says, I didn't realize it was N seven day until an hour ago.
Um, neither did I, well, not an hour ago, but it was a good chunk into the day until
I realized, I think I was on Twitter and then I realized, Oh yeah, it is.
It's November 7th.
It's N seven day, but I wasn't expecting much this year.
Of course I should backtrack if you don't know what N seven day is, it's a tie into
the game series mass effect, which of course doc soccer and I fan boy and fangirl about,
uh, because, uh, it's an amazing series, um, and N seven refers to like, like the military
kind of special squad sort of thing that's in the game that shepherds apart.
They have like a seven levels of special ops and seven is the top designation.
Kind of like hell.
So you're in the seventh circle of alien hell in a mass effect.
So yeah.
So this is always kind of a special day and usually they drop some mass effect news.
They actually did today, and I don't know if you saw it, dark soccer, but they did put
out a poster.
They put out a new poster for the new game and it doesn't say much, but it kind of hints
that like the geth are strongly involved, which if it's a game in shepherd's universe
would make sense.
Uh, but it, you know, there's like this interesting shadow of like a geth figure that the, you
know, a picture makes out.
So it's kinda, kinda interesting.
But again, I saw that poster and I was like, looks great.
Too bad I won't play it till 2025.
Well, I would rather it take a while to come out and be good.
That is true.
We don't want them to rush it, but it does seem weird to like tease it.
You know, I'm just like, okay, it's like, it's like hyping a Marvel movie that won't
be out for three years, you know, it's, but it is what it is.
I guess people do that now anyway.
All right.
I reckon.
Also say hello.
Welcome back this week to Techmaster Loki.
Welcome back, Loki.
I guess we'll have to wait and see what they come up with for that new game.
And goodbye, Loki.
It was nice.
Uh, well, it wasn't nice having you.
Goodbye.
All right.
Uh, anyway.
Hey, dark soccer.
Let's no, I'm just kidding.
I'm just kidding.
All right.
How was your Halloween?
Loki?
Uh, it was fine.
It was pretty typical.
Took the kids out.
I was reading and got some candy.
Um, it was pretty short this year, so yeah.
Yeah.
Well, that's good.
They ain't getting good candy though.
Time.
No.
Why does, does dad go through the bag and pick out the ones he wants first?
Not really, but like, you know, like tootsie rolls and stuff.
So, uh, they didn't have any, so I had to buy my own.
Like I don't even know.
It's not worth it at that point.
Uh, let's see.
Bobby black Wolfen chat says the kids got some candy.
Loki got lots of candy.
Yes.
Three and a half pounds of candy.
Then the day after Halloween is when you go and you get all the on sale candy.
So yeah, that's how it works.
So yeah.
Um, okay.
What is the game playing behind you tonight?
I don't, I don't recognize it.
I don't know why, but like I was thinking about it today as I was kind of getting ready.
I'm like, well, what do I want to put in my background today?
And just for some reason, my brain being stupid, decided to shout out home improvement.
And I was like, I don't even know if there is a home improvement game, but apparently
there is, there is a home improvement game on the super Nintendo.
It's like home improvement search for tools or I remember it's search for something with
tools, but, um, it looks weird.
Believe it or not, they made a lot of bullshit games on the super Nintendo.
That's why, even though I wasn't sure if that's the case, I'm like, there's a good chance
that it's there.
Yeah.
We hope we hold the super Nintendo in high regard and mostly with good reason, but that,
you know, every system has its clunkers, you know, and, and there you go the whole game,
you know, he is basically fighting with tools and it's great.
He has a nail gun.
Looks like he's using a saw the fight off dinosaurs or something.
So, um, I'm down for that.
I need to see that in the awful block.
My one little weird, quirky thing.
I know I've mentioned this on the show before, but it's been a while.
Say it again.
My one little weird, quirky thing is that, um, I went to school with that kid's brother,
uh, the Jonathan Taylor Thomas, they used to live where I grew up, grew up and the kid's
brother was in my math class.
So yeah, it's just, it's, it's a small world, I guess, but yeah, I guess everybody's, you
know, got weird ties to someone famous like that.
But even I, you know, obviously I, we weren't like friends or anything, so I didn't really
keep in touch or whatever.
I had friends that were friends with him, but, um, I, uh, didn't really keep in touch.
Even I was wondering what the hell ever happened to that kid?
Like, cause you know, after home improvement, he kind of disappeared, right?
And then I guess they, they finally found him a few years ago, but yeah, it was funny.
He was here at this bar the whole time.
Oh, did you check under the rock?
All right.
Anyway, uh, let's see.
Bobby Blackwell in chat says, I think home improvement has been on games done quick before.
Oh, I'm sure.
As Jonah and Matt says, yeah, I remember the game now.
I remember renting it.
It's trash with 16 bit, Tim Allen, grunting sound effects.
Oh God.
That's the best part though.
Like seriously.
Uh, Bobby Blackwell says, I bought the last super Nintendo game ever officially released
in North America and it's so bad.
It's Frogger, but it's a bad version of Frogger.
Yikes.
That's every version of Frogger.
Except for the arcade.
Yeah, the original and Frogger two, three deep on the Commodore 64 was pretty good.
So anyway, okay, Loki, I have to ask you about this because you weren't here last week, so
you didn't get to do last week's news.
But when this story came up, like everybody was like, we need Loki here to talk about
this.
So I'm going to ask you now VR edition of Grand Theft Auto San Andreas that meta is
talking about.
I already, now for the podcast listeners, you can't see his face, but you can imagine
his face.
I'm not buying a quest for this.
Like it's stupid.
Like they want, they want you to buy the quest to, to play San Andreas, which is super damn
old.
Like I, like I get it.
Yeah.
It'll be cool in VR, but let's be honest, like if I want to play that in VR, I'm pretty
sure modders can make a version that's in VR.
I'm sure that they've already made a version that's in VR.
Well, okay.
But to, to be fair, like the conversion of like forcing VR on games that weren't designed
for VR usually stinks.
Like it's a five minute novelty and then it's like, okay, this is garbage.
Like case in point, whoever modded the 8-bit Nintendo Legend of Zelda to run in VR, like,
and I'm not knocking this person.
Of course people want to see that.
That was like its own kind of independent thing.
I get that.
Yeah.
And it doesn't need to be there.
I think it's just such a gimmick.
Like, like it really is just such a gimmick to try to sell the Quest 2, which is stupid
because like I have a Rift S and like, I guess it's just not being supported anymore.
Even though I think it's probably more powerful than the Quest 2.
I mean, after all it's running on a PC, which is arguably more powerful than the Quest 2.
But sure, whatever.
Let's wall it behind.
I'm not buying another con.
I'm not buying it.
Sorry.
You know, I don't care how great it is.
I'll just not play it.
So whatever.
I mean, it's, it's fine.
Even like, I think we, they have like the remasters that they just, you know, they talked
about coming out and stuff and they actually, they, at least they did something with that.
At least the graphics look a little bit better.
Not great, but I mean the best, I guess they can do, but it's just very minimal effort.
Like I just don't, I don't care.
Bobby does want to clarify that the meta will no longer support PC VR, mobile VR is where
they see the market share.
And also wants to clarify, he still does not own a Quest.
The Rift has been discontinued.
So just to where are we, how, so we know where VR is at.
You know what?
I don't care, Facebook.
It works on PC.
There's other VR pro there.
You know what?
There's, I don't need a walled garden for VR.
Okay.
I don't.
Honestly, like it's just, there's so much stuff on scene.
Like really, like I don't need to play San Andreas again for like how many times now,
like I don't care.
I'm not going to wait for them to put it out on VR.
Now if it was a brand new Grand Theft Auto, which they really should be doing, like, let's
just put it this way, like develop a brand new Grand Theft Auto for the Quest 2 and then,
and then make that a VR only game, then that would be cool.
I'm sure they're developing a new Grand Theft Auto is just taking forever.
Yeah.
But I understand that, but like before, like there's been lower tier effort, uh, games
that have been put out by Rockstar, like they had a Grand Theft Auto for, uh, the DS, Chinatown
Wars came up last week.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
So like something like that.
Um, I mean the PSP ports are pretty good.
Those had multiplayer.
That's why I started multiplayer in Grand Theft Auto with, was the PSP stuff.
Um, I just don't like, I would not, I would so not buy a Quest 2 for that.
Like I would just absolutely not, not worth it at all, but more power to them, I guess.
I just think this it's just stupid.
Bobby Blackwoven chat says there's not enough market share of VR to make a new Grand Theft
Auto for VR only.
I do agree with that.
And follows up saying Valve made a brand new Half-Life just for VR and everyone lost their
shit.
So, um, going back to that first thing that Bobby said there, uh, I thought this was a
good follow up comment and I haven't read this chatter before, so welcome and hello
XC Friesz, I hope I said the right XC Friesz, sorry, I'm not sure how to pronounce that.
My bad.
Uh, says, uh, I would like to get into VR, but terrified of buying something that will
be obsolete or abandoned soon after.
And I think that's a damn good point, especially when you consider, okay, well, Meta just walked
away from the rift.
That's why for me, and I know Meta's got something else in the works, blah, blah, blah, blah,
blah, blah, blah, but for me, that's why I'm like, you know what?
I'm just going to wait for PlayStation 5 VR because you know, it's coming, you know, it's
going to be a good baseline.
You know, it's going to be solid.
It's going to have a lot of games on it for gamers.
Whereas the Meta stuff will probably have a lot of other crap that Facebook wants to
push on it in some games too.
So you know what?
I'm just going to hang out for PlayStation 5 VR because I feel like the good baseline
for a gamer who wants VR is a game console doing VR.
And so that's for me.
The only positive I see with the Quest 2 is that you don't have, you're not really docked
to like a PC.
But really like anywhere in my house, I don't have enough room to do VR.
Like that's why I don't do VR.
That's why my, you know, Rift S is still in the box over here and my PlayStation VR is
in a box in another room.
You could try to do VR, but you'll trip on a toy.
You'll trip on a cat.
Yeah, so, so cat updates since I've been gone for a few weeks.
She's not doing great.
She's got, she, she is, health is definitely deteriorating, so she is, she is confined
to the kitchen now.
She does not, she, well, she still can't hear.
And now I think she can't see out of one side.
And so she, and she has brain issues.
So she circles and around and around and around and can't find things.
So then she's, you know, missing her litter box and stuff like that.
So she's, she sleeps now under my desk.
I don't know where she's wandered off to actually.
Well there's a lot of love.
She's under my wheels.
Okay, please don't.
There's a lot of love pouring out from the chat right now.
Send Stella some love from all of us, cause that's always difficult to hear.
Uh, I, did they say what the issue was?
Cause it sounds like almost like some sort of, um, brain.
Well, it is, but they can't do, she wants it still for an X-ray for her head.
And I'm not paying $3,000 to do advanced imaging at like Davis or something like
that, so it's probably something like a tumor or something, who knows, but we're
just keeping her comfortable, I guess for now, you tell me a people, a person has
these problems and I'm like, Oh, that sucks.
She told me a cat has these problems.
Like, like, no, I get very emotional.
So, but yeah, she's, she's been like, cause we, we had, it was weird.
Like she was like going to the bathroom behind the couch and stuff like that.
And just like, kind of like I noticed her circling around a bunch.
And so I don't think she can see out of the one side cause I can kind of come
up beside her and just like, Wave my hand in front of her and she doesn't see it.
Um, but she sees me on the other side.
And so she'll, she'll either follow the wall to, you know, kind of clockwise
around the room or she'll circle around.
Um, I don't know.
Well, she probably appreciates you giving her some cuddles.
So keep at it a little bit.
Yeah.
She's, she's got her bed underneath my desk, so she's always with me all day long.
And, um, you know, and keeping her locked up in, in the kitchen is good because
she's not getting lost in the house.
Yeah.
Um, so, all right.
Oh, unfortunately, yeah.
All right.
We've been dealing with the last few weeks.
All right.
Tough topic, but let's try to move on.
We're going to move on into, uh, some video game news going on around the world
and get into tonight's kickoff topic, which is about a company I talk a lot
about on this show because I play a lot of their games, it's Niantic and Niantic.
You know, what's interesting just a couple of weeks ago on the show, we had talked
about how Niantic will not be moving forward with the Settlers of Catan game,
uh, that they never released here.
They released it in other countries.
I think Australia, New Zealand was kind of the biggest, um, market they put it out
in, uh, and the Catan game was out there for a while, but they did not continue
development of the game and they canceled it effectively.
Um, they may reuse some of the ideas somewhere else.
It sounded like to me, you know, and again, this is an interpretation.
This is not something they said, but it sounded like to me, them and the Catan
people were not seeing eye to eye.
The Catan license was likely expensive because Catan people didn't want to
continue with it because they didn't see a new Pokemon go in it or something.
Um, so that's what it sounded like.
Um, kind of a little bit surprising that God, not even a month later, uh, here we
are Niantic is going to be shutting down a game that did launch and launched
everywhere.
Uh, and this was a partnership to be fair with Portkey games.
So it's not just Niantic shutting it down.
Um, but certainly Niantic's name was involved with Harry Potter, Wizard's
Unite.
Um, Harry Potter, Wizard's Unite was kind of the game that came out after Pokemon
Go had a lot of similarities to Pokemon Go.
Certainly instead of capturing Pokemon, you were capturing what?
Like spirits, pages, ghosts, things from the Harry Potter universe, but it did
have a pretty neat battle system that Pokemon Go didn't have instead of like
tapping at gyms, you actually had kind of like your, um, you know, MMO triad of
healer tank, you know, DPS kind of thing going on where you were taking on
monsters.
Um, I played the game for a little bit.
Um, I got a little turned off to a lot of Harry Potter related things when, uh, the
author of the books started her social media bullshit, and I'll let you do your
own research on that.
Um, and my conclusion was that, you know what, I, I don't know how much I want to
be like, yeah, I'm super in Harry Potter right now, which sucks because there's a
lot of people that work on these games that do not share the same viewpoints of
the author.
But when she's out there just saying what she's saying, it's very hard to drop
money into the game, knowing that she's getting money in her pocket.
Um, I just got really bored with it.
And honestly, there's that too.
Like the grind was only good for so long.
Apparently the game got a lot better with the COVID changes that they made.
That's what I heard from the people that were still playing it at that point, um,
that they really added a lot to the game.
They finally added some stuff that probably should have been there when it
launched with some of the, um, Epic bosses.
Like you could take out Umbridge and I don't know all the characters, but you
know, some of the, some of the big, big characters, but unfortunately, uh, too
little, too late, I suppose, because the game is going offline on January 31st,
2022.
It will disappear from all the marketplaces December 6th.
In the meantime, go hog because rewards and cool down times will be, uh, I'm
sorry, increased rewards, decreased cool down times.
Basically, you know, they're throwing everything at you to enjoy the game.
Uh, while it's, it's lasting bosses events, they will continue going
live until the end of January.
If you spent money on the game, though, too bad.
The money's been spent, the checks have been cashed.
You will not be getting that money back unless there is a law in your country or
something where you must, uh, in the U S ain't one of them.
So, uh, there you go.
Um, it's closing.
Uh, the game had been released in June of 2019.
Honest to God, it felt like a lot longer.
I felt like that game had been out for at least at least three years, not two, but,
uh, there it is very long.
Yeah, it really doesn't.
And so I don't know, maybe COVID could partially be to blame for that, but I kind
of go back to, it wasn't very popular.
I think like, unfortunately we released it and like Ingress was, it was all right.
Um, everyone's really in the Pokemon go and then.
Wizards of the United seem to be kind of like a third wheel.
It's like, I think people tried it and they were like, eh, that's fine.
But like, it just didn't have the same power.
Um, Mike Defton chat says, technically it's more WB games shutting down this
game rather than Niantic though.
I believe that to be true.
I believe this is more port key games decisions, and maybe they didn't want to
keep paying to license Niantic light ship.
The, all the portal network, what used to be the Ingress portal network, that is all
now Niantic light ship, and that is their big, uh, platform of all, like your parks,
your play structures apart, all that shit that was submitted by mostly Ingress
players, and now a good chunk of Pokemon go players, especially in, um, countries
outside the U S uh, that is all now on Niantic light ship.
And actually it's interesting.
A friend of mine who, you know, has played all the, is just like me.
Like I have, you know, it's a lot of my Ingress friends are like me and that they
play all these games.
They will try all of these games at least once.
We, we just did a walk this weekend.
We were all playing Pikmin and doing a walk while we were playing Ingress.
Like we're just all kind of in that same mindset.
And one of them said to me, you know, um, WB and Warner brothers, porky probably
just didn't want to keep paying the fees for Niantic light ship and want to keep
licensing that you add that into Harry Potter's licensing fees.
That's an expensive game to keep going.
And for what?
And I kind of agree.
I think he hit the nail on the head.
I think it's not just the Harry Potter fee, but now Niantic fee that goes into
this as co-developer, I just don't think the game was worth it to keep running.
It wasn't selling enough of the microtransactions, especially in a COVID
world.
Uh, and that's that.
And that is, and as I expressed last week, that is kind of my fear with the Pikmin
game, the Pikmin game I'm actually rather enjoying because it is a low pressure,
low, um, intensity kind of game.
You can kind of set it and forget it a lot more with Pikmin than you do the other
Niantic games.
Um, but the microtransactions make no sense at all.
None.
And, uh, I just, I feel like, not that I am encouraging Pikmin to put more stuff
for more microtransactions in the game because I don't really want that.
But at the same time, I also realize, you know, developers have to get paid from
somewhere.
So I'd like there to be something worthwhile for them to toss a coin to.
And I don't think that exists in Pikmin Bloom right now and the Harry Potter game
at least once in a while, once in a while, I would say I probably gave 15 bucks, 10
bucks to Wizards Unite when I was actually playing it when it first came out.
So I, it's, I just hope that doesn't kill the Pikmin game that there's, it's, it
doesn't make money because I really don't see how the Pikmin game is going to make
money in its current state anyway.
So, all right.
Anyway, um, let's see, uh, other comments in chat.
Um, yeah, Questbuster points out Pikmin Bloom was just rolled out.
There's a Transformers game as well.
They might have decided to shutter the game to save on costs and push resources to
other projects.
I believe I could be wrong.
Somebody should fact check me on this, but I believe the Transformers game is like
the Harry Potter game where somebody else is developing it and using Niantic
Lightship in it.
I could be wrong.
Uh, as Joe and Hunter Mattis pointing out that Niantic is really investing in Pikmin
Bloom, uh, this is probably Nintendo as well.
They've bought some serious airtime and commercials for it, being seen the
commercials for prime during prime time, which isn't cheap.
You didn't see that with Pokemon Go for a while or at all with Pikmin.
Last I checked the Pikmin Bloom is number one in the like adventure games category.
So, I mean, it's paying off.
It's, it's not 2016 Pokemon Go.
Nothing ever will be again, but Pikmin seems to be doing all right.
But is it, you know, it's getting the installs, but is it making money?
I don't know.
I guess maybe players are probably buying that first timer starter kit thing, but I
don't know if they're getting it, uh, beyond that.
Who knows?
Um, Mike Defton chat says, don't know if this is coming up later, but now you have
a Niantic ID.
No, I did not show all that for later.
I'm glad you did bring that up because, um, yeah, everybody that's played a Niantic
game before is now getting emails to reserve your Niantic ID, but we kind of
knew this was coming.
If you looked at the acquisitions Niantics made, they've been wanting to build a
social network around this AR gaming.
And I, I really think Niantic wants to be in a place like Blizzard, but obviously all
this current stuff we've been talking about Blizzard accepted.
Don't go there.
That's not what I mean.
I'm talking about like battle net and all the Blizzard infrastructure and how those
games tie together.
And you kind of talk to friends through games and stuff, and they've kind of built
that experience on PC.
I think that's what Niantic wants in the mobile world.
And they think Pokemon go is going to get them there and it just well might to be
honest.
And if they can get Pikmin bloom to catch on huge too, that'll be more people for the
social network and that'll catch on as well.
But Harry Potter wasn't it.
So XC freeze and chat says, I wonder if WWE would be a good license to pick up for
Niantic.
I'm not sure how that would go into the real world very well, but, uh, yeah, anything's
possible.
I think there's a lot of different licenses.
People would like to see Niantic pick up and go with, but Harry Potter no longer going
to be one of them.
The game is closing.
So that's that.
And again, yeah, I th I don't think any of us are like super surprised.
I feel sorry for my friends that grinded to 60 in that game.
I think if this is what I think would be nice, but I'm not expecting it to happen.
If Niantic is launching a social network and if achievements are to be part of that
network, which I've been led to believe from some of the tea leaves and the stories that
have come out, it would be nice for the people that played Harry Potter wizard tonight to
have some sort of legacy achievement on their profile before they ax the game.
But because it's technically port key, and I don't know how that ties in.
I, that may not actually happen, but I do feel bad for those that, you know, really the
grind to level 60 in that game, no fucking joke.
That's a grind.
So, um, it would be nice if people had something to show for it besides Womp Womp, but
that's the reality of mobile games.
Your fave may go away someday.
Anyway, let's move on.
Uh, I talked a little bit about my gaming week in there, but I have more, but we'll
talk, go around the table and talk about our gaming weeks.
So let's go to Dark Sakura as we usually do first and talk about your gaming week.
Dark Sakura.
Pretty uneventful, actually.
I just played, um, Dead by Daylight.
Really?
Um, oh, and I played Mandalorian Pinball, so that was it.
Um, I was going to do Animal Crossing.
Um, real life has happened.
I have had so many projects that I've needed to wrap up that it's not even funny.
So just Dead by Daylight.
Real life happens.
Where's, um, where's Fantasian at?
You finished part two, right?
Oh yeah, I did play Fantasian.
I did play Fantasian.
Um, I am at just this really grindy spot and I'm trying to do as many different
sub missions as I can, but I think I need to buff up my people quite a bit more.
It says, oh, you can do this level 42.
Bullshit.
This is like this one attack that's just like completely ridiculous.
And like, I think I want to get my guys up to like 50 before I do it.
Yeah.
Whenever I see a warning like that, I'm like, no, I'll get to 45.
I've been able until this match to do things early.
Oh, interesting.
Kind of like how I did with Final Fantasy, uh, 10-2, not with 10-2.
Yeah, actually, yeah, it was actually both with 10 and 10-2 that I would just rush
through everything kind of outwit, you know, I guess the enemies.
And then I would finally get to a point where I couldn't do that because
it was all a matter of a power game.
And that's where I am on Fantation.
Um, and then how's how's Dead by Daylight been going?
You enjoying the Halloween event?
I am.
Um, I love stepping on pumpkins before the salty survivors can.
Um, I've actually had just like some funny people, like just like automatically
it's like, Hey, let's farm.
I'm like, okay, let's farm.
I made, um, new Twitch emotes for my channel that are very on point for me.
I have made a pig, a no boop and a boop.
Cause the no boop is no booping without consent.
You must always ask your pig before you boop her.
Which, which, but you can't chat in the game.
So you have to use nonverbal cues to do that.
Exactly.
If that pig growls at you, run, run.
All right.
Uh, let's go to Loki.
You have a couple of weeks.
I saw you had a new Minecraft video this week over on your YouTube channel at
Loki, OLR, plug, plug, plug, plug.
I did have a new Minecraft video.
So I finished the Ninjago city, uh, build that I was doing.
I got to add to it and I've been, uh, playing on multiple servers recently.
So it's, I've wasted a few days just playing Minecraft instead
of making stuff for Minecraft.
Um, so I'll be doing, uh, some more stuff for that soon.
I've been in the design process for that.
I know what I wanted to make.
I just have to design it.
And then, um, I played a little bit of, uh, Poppy's playtime chapter one.
This is the new hotness as far as a horror games go.
So it's,
Oh God, I saw someone streaming this the other night.
It looked fucking scary.
It's like, it's like, it's got a five nights vibe because it's all
like the plate, like play things.
Right.
But it's like, she was in an event, like climbing around the vent and
like the little, Oh my God, I couldn't play this.
I could not play this.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.
Uh, I do like it.
It reminds me a lot of a little bit, like, uh, the puzzle solving and
portal because of the mechanics that they have in it.
So it's pretty fun, but yeah, there's, it's definitely more of like a
scary, almost FNAF type game.
I'm curious to see how this compares to like, say, uh, the
new FNAF game coming out.
So, um, curious to see how that is.
And then, uh, aside from that, I played a little bit of Orna
because I got a new phone.
So I was just messing around with that to see how much it's changed.
It's changed quite a bit.
Um, yeah, not very interested in it though.
It's more of like, you know, I'm sitting here, kids are doing piano
and I have nothing to do.
I've run out of internet to look at and play Orna for a sec.
Um, yeah, I don't know something to talk about, not having the same power.
Um, a couple of things I did want to mention though, cause I
haven't gotten to mention it yet.
So, uh, the game that you guys know called the pixel poops.
Number two is being featured in a magazine.
So the next issue of cool shit magazine, Bobby brought this up on his show.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Well, it was the week we were out.
Yeah.
So cool shit magazine, which is I think a UK publication, uh, somewhat
indie, they cover like retro gaming and.
Um, stuff like that.
And so they're going to have, they had like a kind of a giveaway thing where,
uh, the guy was running an ad, a one page ad, and he was also raffling
off, I guess, um, a couple like preview spots.
And so he, I got one of the previous spots, so he's going to cover the
game as a preview and like play through it and stuff and like, talk about that.
And then also at the same time, there's the, I want to say it's a Midwest
Midwest gaming conference or convention or something like that, a gaming classic
Midwest gaming classic there's the folks at, uh, nest maker that are there as well.
And they have, they're still in beta and it's not really open to the public yet
retro verse site, which is going to be featuring all of the nest maker games
that people have made.
And of course, one of those being pixel poops, number two.
So there's a chance that people that are at Midwest gaming classic or we're at
that, got a chance to play pixel poops number two.
So that's great.
I've been getting emails on that.
Like, did you give them my email?
I've been getting emails on that, but I'm like, oh, that's nice.
But it's like too far for me to really travel out there on a moment's notice.
But I've been seeing the, I didn't realize that was tied to your or either
that, or it's a big enough thing where it's a big, it's a big convention.
Wow.
It's not just, yeah.
I don't know how the hell they got my email, but cool.
They had a booth.
Yeah.
So they had a booth and there's some of the developers that also had booths there.
So one of them must be a listener.
So one of them, that's it.
One of them is a listener, I bet.
So shout out.
Yeah.
So I'm definitely have to pick up a copy of that magazine once it comes out.
Um, I don't know how to pick it up.
Maybe Barnes and Noble has something like that.
I don't know.
I don't know how wide their publication is.
Uh, might be able to order from Amazon UK.
Sometimes they'll ship to the U S and sometimes, uh, Amazon Canada will ship.
We also have some very kind listeners in the UK who may reach out to you on Twitter
and maybe can help you arrange something like that.
So at low key.
Also, I think the guy has, uh, yeah, so they do have an actual website as well.
Um, which I'll link in chat here.
Um, so they actually, I think they sell through the website as well.
Nice.
But, uh, I really want to see that.
I mean, if, uh, let me know how ordering the magazine goes.
I'll order my own copy, uh, if, uh, if it goes well, so let me know.
That's awesome.
Um, Just some quick followups, uh, in chat before I lose them quest
Buster did some research and wanted to mention the transformers game
that we brought up earlier.
That new AR game coming out, uh, quest buster did some research and
found it's an indie studio named very, very spaceship working with Niantic.
Thank you for researching that.
I appreciate you.
That's what I thought, uh, was that it was, uh, not actually developed by Niantic
and pod culture about the poppy.
What's that game called?
Poppy poppy poppy makes you poop.
No, it was Poppy's playhouse.
That's it.
Poppy's playoffs.
Okay.
Cause, uh, I was watching it's it's me Holly last night.
That's that's who, God damn it.
You always follow me on Twitter.
That's who I was watching.
I was looking after she played it and she was talking about it.
It was while she was playing medium.
I'm just dying.
You guys, you guys seriously don't know.
I will be in a channel and finally I'll decide to un-lurk and say, cause like I
usually watch on my Xbox, I have to get on my phone to actually type a message and
I'll say something and then dark soccer goes, Rob, she is all.
I'm like, do you have 10 tabs open with all the channels I watch?
You're always there.
I just like every so often I may have, I may lurk in a few other people's channels,
like, especially if I followed a raid.
Yeah.
But most of the time I pick one person and stay there.
But that's why, yeah, Holly is who I was watching play it as well.
She's very fun and animated and yeah, that game.
So anyway.
Okay.
So about that game, pod culture said next VOG point event, Rob plays this game live
and SSU 100 Matt says, not enough points to get Rob to play that.
Matt is correct.
You want this to happen?
We're going to be talking cash.
We're going to be talking charity event.
What charity?
I don't know.
Um, maybe cats.
Cause that's the thing, especially thinking about what Loki's going through.
And that's the thing we all love.
We all have our cats.
So maybe a cat charity.
Um, but I, I, I'm not going to set an amount yet.
I have to, I have to crunch some numbers and figure out what sounds
realistic, uh, to do something like that.
But, uh, no, you want that.
You have to show the money to the cats, uh, to make that happen.
So we'll see.
It's like a five nights type game.
It's not like it's, it's, it's not necessarily in the style.
I mean, it's five nights as far as like, if there's like animatronic
things that are alive, it's basically, it is a first person like puzzle game.
But there's horror stuff in it as well.
So that's why I kind of compared it to portal a little bit because
you've got these kind of like grabber hands that you put on.
And so you solve puzzles with it.
It's, it's pretty cool.
This looks, but it's also horror.
It's scary as fuck.
It doesn't look scary.
It looks adorable.
It's not necessarily adorable.
You probably want to play it.
That scary stuff is, uh, of course it's only on, um, on a PC.
Um, I think it's a really small studio, maybe like even one
person just putting it together.
So they only have one chapter right now.
That's out, that's like $5.
But in each piece, each episode is gonna be like five bucks as well.
I'm still going to go ahead and buy it now because I might
be able to play this on ARM.
So that'd be cool.
Uh, Mike Deft warns don't have more than three tabs of Twitch opened.
I forgot that that was a thing.
Yeah.
Um, as Joe and Hunter Matt says, uh, I think it, all your views are
all your views don't count.
Cause it thinks you're a bot.
It thinks you're a view bot.
If you have more than three open.
Well, I, I've got, I don't have any more than that usually.
Yeah.
Um, as Joe and Hunter Matt says, geez, am I the only one not wanting
to see her friend get traumatized?
Thank you.
But like, Hey, like I said earlier, cats are more important than people.
So I'll get traumatized to try to save a cat.
I'll do it.
Um, so there you go.
All right, Loki, I'm sorry.
We derailed a little bit from your gaming week.
So what else?
Sorry.
Alan came in the room.
Alan, the viewers are talking about Polly.
Playroom Polly's playroom, playtime, poppy playtime.
So, okay.
So they're trying to get me to play Poppy's playtime and with vlog points.
And I'm like, Oh no, no, no.
You want to see this happen.
You got to show money and we're going to do like a cat charity or something
like that if you want Poppy playtime to happen, have you, are you familiar
with Poppy play, Alan walked in the room.
Let me let him make comment.
Have you, have you seen this game?
Alan, what did you think?
I can't, I can't really get on camera the way it's set up right
now, um, episode one is out.
It's a very short demo.
Um, I don't want to give it away.
Basically.
There's just one really intense sequence.
And then if you make it through that, then it's like, congrats.
Wait for episode two.
So, I mean, I would say that you would be better off playing that than
you would a five night at Freddy's TBH.
I mean, it's, it's scary, but it's just, you know, it's a buildup.
And then, you know, the climax.
All right.
Fair enough.
Thank you.
Thank you for popping in.
Hey, Rob.
Yeah.
What?
You're going to want to check your steam and about,
I mean, like, I want to call you names, but then it's like, when you send me gifts,
like it's hard to call you names, but just know the urge is there.
There you go.
And you'll probably like the name I sent it from too.
Great.
All right.
All right.
Loki.
We've derailed.
Congratulations, Rob.
You have a scary game.
We've derailed the cats.
Say thank you.
Uh, Loki, I've derailed your gaming week three times now.
Anything else for your gaming week?
Um, that's it.
I'm probably going to have to dust off my Xbox series X though, for next week,
because you know, we got fours of horizon five coming, so I got to play a little bit
of that at least our pal Bobby Black Wolf was, uh, got to have the look at that game.
Cause he, uh, did the, you know, addition that had the early launch
and, uh, his, uh, reactions on his show were very good.
Very, very good.
Oh, thank you.
Alan just brought into the room and reminded me.
So dark soccer, can you see my cam dark soccer?
Are you, do you have Twitch open?
Um, I usually don't play the thing.
Well, um, for some reason it says I'm not hosting, hold on, give me just a second.
Cause cause Alan came in here, reminded me, we have something for you, dark soccer.
And I, I can't, Alan, can you hold that closer to the cancer?
The name can, that the name is a little, see, it actually says.
Sakura, but in addition to that, Alan decided he wanted to add something extra into it.
Can you put that on cam as well?
Yeah.
Or what, whatever, I thought you bought one for her.
Oh, and Alan says they just opened this store at Arden fair where I found this.
It opened at Arden fair on Saturday.
So this, no, no, no mini, mini.
So mini cell.
Oh, okay.
And it just opened.
Cool.
Wait, are these for Jamie or?
Oh, those are for you.
Oh, okay.
I'm sorry.
These are not for you, Jamie.
Sorry.
He just wants to show them off, but he got a Pokemon face mask with mu.
And I think there's some other Pokemon face masks as well.
Oh, there's an act deaf.
That's an act deaf face mask.
So there you go.
Mike deaf says, oh, we have a mini.
So where I live.
Well, there you go.
You got to go get that Kirby face mask.
Oh, that one's super cute.
Oh, I know the, the, the crime shop.
I've I buy a lot of their masks.
I saw the new, um, was it build a bear, uh, animal crossing figures.
They had them in the storefront when we went by there the other day.
They had a line out the door for something.
I don't know.
Probably those certainly wasn't animal crossing stuff.
I, I just ordered my, um, Tom Nook, uh, holiday ornament.
Love it.
All right.
My gaming week, um, kind of along the same lines as dark soccer.
I had a lot going on this week.
Um, I've been going hog on Pikmin bloom.
Like Pikmin bloom kind of came out at a really good time where I'm trying
to really change my lifestyle.
And you know, of these past couple of years, COVID has taken its toll
in many, many, many ways.
Um, and walking, um, is something I really need to be doing more of.
And I think Pikmin's like this game came out at the right time to
really incentivize some of that.
So I'm level 17 in Pikmin bloom.
I'm not the highest on my friends list though.
Uh, somebody, somebody I'm friends with in Korea is level 20.
I think 21 at this point.
So, um, yeah, but I, I've just been having a good time, uh, walking and
just knowing that I'm leaving a little trail of flowers.
When I, when I opt into it and, uh, sending a little Pikmin on adventures,
you have to get, and for those that are getting into the game,
you unlock things slowly.
And I didn't even know this last week,
but once you get to level 15, you have to get all the way to level 15.
Then you unlock Pikmin Bloom's version of raids where you can go beat up on
mushrooms, which I guess is, um, from the console games.
Uh, and you get little like postcards and, and limited pedal things from that.
So you get like some good stuff from that.
So, um, yeah.
Uh, Pikmin Bloom is super cute and I'm still playing that.
Otherwise kind of the same stuff.
Final Fantasy 14.
Uh, I am, uh, just got my Warrior to 77 and that is my last job to get to 80.
I hit Black Mage 80 in the last week.
So only one more job to get to 80 and then everything will be 80.
Only other thing to really mention for my gaming week, No Man's Sky.
It took me a little bit because the new expedition came out that weekend.
I went to Disneyland, but, um, I'm finally, I was like, okay,
two weeks is enough for them to patch everything that went wrong
with the expedition when it came out.
So I started playing the expedition, like for realsies.
And, uh, I'm up to phase two in the X, I just got to the second,
uh, rendezvous point, uh, in, in there.
So I've still got a few more phases to go.
It's all about worms, sandworms that, that fly out of the planet.
And it didn't hit me.
Okay, tremors.
Well, no, what it is, it's not officially a tie-in, but you know, it's timed because of Dune.
It's a tie-in to the Dune movie, although not officially.
So they did the sandworm expedition right when the Dune movie released.
So, um, not tremors, but close.
So, uh, I, I think anyway, obviously they're not going to confirm or deny that,
but it is a very interesting coincidence for sure.
So, um, that is, that is what's going on in No Man's Sky.
All right.
Um, that's it for our gaming weeks.
I don't have any show schedule updates to really get out there.
Uh, as far as I know, we're not having any shows off in the future.
So let's move on.
We still need to schedule.
You guys did meet the point reward for Orange Lounge Fudio.
I just need to pin down a date with my co-host for that to happen.
So we'll work on that.
It will be sometime this month, just in time for Thanksgiving.
All right.
In the meantime, let's get into some, uh, gaming news and Loki's going to start us off tonight
with, uh, kind of the company that has been a reoccurring headline in the last few months.
Yeah.
So Activision Blizzard.
So the announcement that Jen O'Neill, who was one of the, uh, I'm not exactly sure what
position she had.
She was, um, I guess one of the top positions in Blizzard.
And that was kind of a big deal because, you know, female in a top position at a company
that's has, uh, see allegedly very misogynistic, uh, tendencies.
Uh, she is stepping down, uh, immediately, or at least I used to say at the end of the
year, she will be stepping down and Mike Ybarra is going to be taking over, um, those
duties as well.
And, you know, basically, of course, a dude.
Yeah.
According to the ABK Alliance, you know, they said, this is a sad moment for many of us
at ABK who are very excited to have a new experience, uh, with women of color heading
our company.
We found out during our shareholder meeting and wish Jen well in her future endeavors.
Um, along with that as well.
And I'm not sure if this is related to the drama, but, uh, apparently Overwatch two and
Diablo four have been delayed to 2023.
They're still, uh, planning to deliver substantial amounts of content, uh, from Blizzard next
year, but, uh, now playing later launches for those two games.
Define substantial.
I'm going to guess the Diablo mobile game, I think is finally going to line.
I think they've said it's going to launch early 2022, but beyond that question mark,
um, I don't know.
And maybe a Hearthstone expansion or something, but it's, it's, I don't think substantial
is an interesting word for them to use now.
And this chance we're going to get so many candy crush updates.
This plays into what I said last week.
I know you weren't here, Loki, but, um, you certainly heard about the virtual Blizzcon
getting canceled early next year.
And I said there, what do they have to show?
They have games that they shown already.
And if they want to give an update on Overwatch two, they'll just drop a trailer out of nowhere
on us.
You know what I mean?
And so I, I, and now, now of course, a week later, we hear the games get delayed another,
you know, which again, okay.
I'm, I'm of two minds.
And I said this last week and I'm sorry to repeat myself.
I'm of two minds of this.
Yes.
I understand the great Miyamoto and I agree with this and I understand the great quote
that we always say everybody always fucking says with delays.
Yes.
A good game is always good, but a bad game is forever bad.
And no one will remember that you delayed a game, blah, blah, blah, blah.
We all know that.
Yes.
I do agree with that.
However, guess what?
No game makes no money.
And Blizzard is in, is really in a circumstance here, especially with wow, losing the players
that they've been losing.
Like, wow has, or Blizzard has got to figure out how to get these games out faster.
They really do.
I, I, and I, I don't understand how like a new call of duty game will be all hands on
fucking deck around Activision, but Overwatch won't.
And yes, before somebody in chat, corrects me.
Yes.
Call of duty sells buku millions billions.
Yes.
That is the very clear reason why it is all hands on deck for a call of duty game.
Why can't it be some hands on deck for Overwatch though?
You know, to try to, and look, I get there's a certain level of quality we expect.
Yes.
That can all be true with the right oversight of the game, but like Blizzard has got to
step on it.
And all these, all these people, like the Overwatch guy leaving the Diablo guy leaving
Jen O'Neill now leaving isn't helping.
It's not helping the speed situation.
Like Blizzard needs new leadership.
Mikey Barra.
Okay, cool.
Like he did a lot of good stuff with Microsoft.
Let's see what he's got.
I'm not going to discount him.
Let's see if he, you know, has it in him to fix what's going on with Blizzard.
You know, but I also kind of think he can't do it alone.
I don't necessarily mean he needs a co-chair.
I thought it was nice, but he probably doesn't need one, but, um, he's going to need support
all the way from the top at Activision for sure.
Anyway, um, Mike Defton chat says the thing here, Rob, with all the people that left over
the past six months, how can they work on a game without any sort of leadership or management?
And honestly, it is somebody has got to come in and clean up the rodeo and get it going
fast.
I Mikey Barra has a big job ahead of a big Jen O'Neill did too, but she found an option
that worked better for her at the same time for her professional growth.
Good for her.
Is anyone going to fault her for leaving Blizzard to, what does it start her own charity or
work on this board of this charity or whatever it is that supports the wider picture of supporting
women in gaming?
Am I getting that all correct?
Is her reasons for leaving who's going to fault her for that, but somebody's still got
to come in and clean up the mess.
I don't know.
It's, it's, it's just sad.
I do feel like the big card, the T card that Blizzard might have in their pocket for 2022.
And I, I, I'm going to say it now is this, I think absolutely this has to happen whether
it's a mess or not.
They're going to drop wrath of the Lich King classic.
Wow.
Absolutely.
Because that was the peak of world of Warcraft.
And I do feel like there are people that will go, go back to world of Warcraft specifically
for that expansion.
I don't think it'll be nearly as many as played while in the Heyday, but that's, that's the
T card that Blizzard has in their back pocket that I do think they will drop in 2022 when
that probably wasn't in their original plan.
Anyway, yeah.
S2-100 Matt says lost Vikings.
Ooh, a new lost Vikings project.
Wouldn't that be fabulous?
I think that would be great.
It'd be nice, but would it happen?
Probably not.
It is a little niche at this point, unless, you know, Blizzard, whoever can put a really
shiny coat of paint on it.
The other card that Blizzard has in their back pocket, Vicarious Visions.
They did a really good job with the Diablo 2 remaster.
Honestly, the, the only problem with the Diablo 2 remaster is that it was, it was, it was
Diablo 2.
It was, that's not a bad, hold on before you put your pitchworks and torches down.
Diablo 2 is a great game.
It is a monumental game in gaming history, but it's an old game and there's a lot of
quality of life things that have changed a lot in the industry and with those types of
games since then.
And it's a little hard sometimes to go back to that old way with Diablo 2.
Otherwise, Vicarious Visions did a really good job with the Diablo 2 remaster.
So the big question mark, what is Vicarious Visions working on now?
Is it another remaster?
And that was the studio that Jen O'Neill had, that was her studio.
That's where she was pulled from.
What is the game that they are working on?
And if anybody's doing a Lost Vikings remake justice,
them, but we'll see.
But I think that is the big question that we have to figure out to see if there really
are monumental Blizzard releases coming this year.
What is Vicarious Visions working on?
That is the $50,000 question.
Moving on.
Let's talk about another studio that's having a lot of problems, um, internally.
And it's one that, admittedly, we probably haven't shown the spotlight on enough.
Because, you know, just looking at the games that we tend to talk about here on OLR, we
collectively, as the hosts, have probably spent more time playing the World of Warcraft,
the Overwatches, the Diablos than we have the Far Cry's, the Assassin's Creed.
Not to say we don't play those games, just not as many hours spent on them.
I used to play Far Cry, just not, you know.
But did you hear what I said?
Not as many hours, right?
Collectively, between the three of us.
So we don't often shine the light on Ubisoft.
Well, how about, I think one a lot of people, the Super Mario Rayman Rabbids, the tech game
that that was, I can't, why can't I remember the name?
Mario vs. Rabbids, Mario Rabbids, that whole thing.
That's Ubisoft.
Anyway, the point is, I've been sitting here on the show going, it has been X number of
days since the ABK letter's been responded to.
What I have failed to highlight, and I'm sorry, is that the Ubisoft letter has also gone unresponded
to, and as of the taping of tonight's show, still has.
In fact, it has been 100 days as of November 5th, so today would be day 102.
At Twitter account, A Better Ubisoft, very familiar to what we saw with A Better ABK,
A Better Ubisoft tweeted, 100 days ago, we signed our open letter and set our four key
demands.
None of our demands have been met.
So today, we're launching a new petition open for all of our supporters to sign, and it
is basically targeted right at Yves Guillemin in another tweet saying, you disappoint us.
100 days, zero demands met.
Surely you can do better than this.
Interesting, the phrasing is right out of those Far Cry 6 emails that were sent to all
the people that were playing that game and then kind of like abandoned it for a few days.
They got those emails out of the blue that were like, you disappoint me, you, but it's
like from the villain in the game.
Oh, clever, clever, clever.
They really like spamming you if you don't play their stupid game.
Oh yeah, this is a whole big thing because it led into a discussion about how the games
track your play and all this, but you, you, when you click the agreed all those terms
and conditions for you play or whatever it's called, guess what?
You told them they could email you.
So that's why people are getting emails.
Yeah, but don't, there's also other ways of getting the emails blocked.
Oh yeah, oh yeah, if I got one of those emails, I just report a spam, done.
The Gmail filters are pretty good on that as are most email systems.
As a reminder, the four, a better Ubisoft key demands.
Number one, stop promoting and moving note offenders from studio to studio.
Team to team with no repercussions.
The cycle needs to end.
Number two, we want a collective seat at the table to have a meaningful say in how Ubisoft
as a company moves forward from here.
Number three, cross industry collaboration to agree on a set of ground rules and processes
that all studios can use to handle these offenses in the future.
Number four, this collaboration must heavily involve employees in non-management positions
and union representatives.
What here is so fucking crazy?
They're like, honestly, these are, these are really, this bar is very low.
Yeah.
In my opinion, number five, in my opinion, underlined bolded,
number five should be the resignation of Yves Guillemin.
Yeah, but absolutely.
They're not going to go there.
Certainly the employees aren't going to go there.
I will go there.
Number five should be the resignation of Yves Guillemin.
Why not give Jay Allard a call?
Why don't you see how he's doing?
Run a company like shit, get a shitty result.
Totally.
The petition is quite simply, I support, it's a Google doc.
So that's why it's a little tricky.
I can't just give you the URL, but I can give you the link to the Twitter account,
A Better Ubisoft.
100 days since our open letter and none of our demands have been met.
This new petition is open to everyone who supports a better Ubisoft campaign.
Please add your name, show your support of at A Better Ubisoft on Twitter and share this link.
I will fill this out on the show right now
and say from all of us at the world's longest running video game podcast, Orange Lounge Radio.
But of course we should all sign individually as well,
but I'm going to go ahead and sign it from your friends at Orange Lounge Radio
and our thoughts to those employees at Ubisoft,
who I don't think are asking for anything unrealistic by having a seat at the table.
SHJ 100 Matt in chat says,
why does Yves Guillemin still have a job?
It's baffling to me.
He's still there.
It all happened on his watch.
Everyone else got let go except him.
I understand he's the co-founder CEO, but why isn't the board pressing anything?
Because men.
I don't, I do not have an answer outside of what Dark Soccer just said.
There is no answer.
There is no spoon.
There is no, there is nothing.
It doesn't make sense.
Resign.
Bitch.
All right.
Because he's got a dick.
I mean, I'm sorry.
It's, and I'm not, okay.
For anyone who thinks, I'm laughing at Twitch, not you, sorry.
For anyone who thinks that calling something out like that is misandry,
you can, first of all, take your tiny little brain, vomit it, and then shove it back up your ass.
Number two, this is the way that the world is.
I am not wrong.
Just saying.
The comment that made me laugh on Twitch,
SSG100Matt says, sign up from that Catholic school that tagged OLR in that random tweet.
We get tagged.
Go check out OLR's Twitter.
We get tagged in the, okay, look, we're very lucky.
We've been on Twitter so fucking long.
The show's existed so fucking long.
We have a three letter Twitter name.
You actually can't get those anymore.
My old Twitter name used to be Skye, S-K-I-E.
You, I can't get it back.
Even if I wanted to.
I don't because I now, I don't really go by Skye online anymore.
My brand quote unquote is Rob Roberts or on Twitter because the spammer got it.
Mr. Rob Roberts.
So follow, plug plug.
But you can't get a Twitter name with less than four characters at this point anymore.
So the fact that we're sitting on OLR, number one, is a gold mine anyway.
But number two, we get like, there's all sorts of, I guess there's some fucking school out there
that's OLR because we were getting tagged in like bullshit referee.
Just go look at twitter.com slash OLR.
It's weird.
And I actually, I replied to it and I quote tweeted it and I said, ma'am, this is a podcast.
I thought it was funny anyway.
All right.
Oh, did they say they took it down?
Really?
Hold on.
Yeah.
I was deleted.
They deleted the tweet after I quote tweeted.
Victory.
Duh duh duh duh duh duh duh duh duh duh duh duh duh duh duh duh duh duh duh duh duh duh duh duh duh duh duh duh duh duh duh duh duh duh duh duh duh duh duh duh duh duh duh duh duh duh duh duh duh duh duh duh duh duh duh duh duh duh duh duh duh duh duh duh duh duh duh duh duh duh duh duh duh duh duh duh duh duh duh duh duh duh duh duh duh duh duh duh duh duh duh duh duh duh duh duh duh duh duh duh duh duh duh duh duh duh duh duh duh duh duh du
duh duh duh duh duh duh duh duh duh duh duh duh duh duh duh duh duh duh duh duh duh duh
There was an OMGITSROB2, but there wasn't just an OMGITSROB, and I was like, I'll take it, yoink.
Somebody-
Maybe then that means that there was one and it was deleted.
Probably.
After that one was made.
I wish the Rob Roberts account would get deleted so I could get it, but unfortunately, there's me,
there's apparently some politician in the UK who kind of sounds like an ass,
there's some DJ in Australia, New Zealand, and there is some rugby player.
All of us named Rob Roberts.
So it will be a fight to who gets that name first once the spammer disappears.
Fingers crossed.
It should be me, damn it.
I've been on Twitter the longest.
All right.
Anyway, moving on.
I'm sorry, we derailed a long way from a very serious topic, but I do want to re-emphasize,
speaking of Twitter, check out what's going on with a better Ubisoft and latest updates
and resign iskimam.
Let's move on.
Let's try to get some happy news, Dark Sakura.
So a game called Tetris the Grandmaster is getting a home port.
And then they said it was going to be delayed.
So they announced the port by announcing that the announcement has been delayed.
Does that make sense?
Yes, this game is coming out eventually.
This is the same arcade version from 1998, which was considered one of the best ones
and is often used for speed runs and competition.
And of course, there were other sequels like Tetris, the absolute Grandmaster two plus
and Tetris, the Grandmaster three terror instinct.
What's terror about Tetris, please?
Thank you.
Um, but this tweet is actually, hold on, I'm gonna, I'm gonna read it.
Okay.
The announcement about the TGM series for home use, which was scheduled for today, has
not been released yet due to the reasons other than Arika.
I guess that's the company.
Yes, company.
In addition, although it is a new TGM work that is under consideration separately, there
is a request from the licenser side that I want you to make the case success as a condition.
So it is very legitimate.
It's, it's bad translation.
But basically it means this is, this is real.
It is a real game, but we're not supposed to announce it yet.
Wild.
I think they just worked around being told not to announce it.
Interesting.
Dark Tetsuya in chat says, I don't know if he'll be at games on quick, but talking to
our old friend, Kevin.
Yes.
One of our listeners who used to go by Kevin DDR.
I don't think he goes by that anymore.
I think he changed his branding, but, um, he is very well known for doing Tetris at
games done quick.
He listened to this show back in the day.
I don't know if he still does, but hello, if you're listening, um, and has done some
very impressive tech, like he did Tetris blindfolded this game.
If I remember right.
Well, no, that can't be possible because you have to know what he did.
There was something wild he did with this game.
I remember somebody in chat remind me what it was.
Um, but anyway, the full comment, Dr.
Tetsuya said is that from talking to our old friend, he's thinking this is a compilation
of the three, uh, TGM arcade games.
So it might be like a compilation.
That'd be really cool.
Uh, and you know, the switch has been getting a lot of like arcade ports.
You know, we talked about it again last week.
Um, the whole series of the.
Oh my God, what?
Arcade archives and you know, the console archives and that whole news arcade archives.
There's been a lot of arcade ports on switch.
Not that this is falling into that same, um, branding, but it is, you know, very interesting.
Uh, and Dr.
Tetsuya says he made grand master, which is not an easy feat at all.
So that's really cool.
Well, congratulations.
Um, I I'm I'll check this game out.
Oh, the other thing, um, that is like a neat, uh, apparently Tetris 99 is by that Akira
company, although they kind of did it in a partnership.
Arika did this in partnership with, uh, Nintendo, the Tetris 99.
So a lot of people have already played that style of Tetris.
But I think, I think it's neat that there's room for all of this Tetris,
because you can look at Tetris 99.
You can look at Tetris effect and you can look at Tetris, the grand master and go,
these are all great Tetris games.
And then you can look at what gelico did on the PlayStation with that Tetris release and
go, that is a shit Tetris game.
But anyway, I digress.
I don't know if he ever played Tetris on PlayStation.
It was horrible.
All right.
I play one Tetris.
Sorry.
Two Tetris is two, two only to Tetra.
Tetris sees.
I don't know what the, the plural would be.
What are the two?
It's the nest one and the game boy win.
Yep.
Those, those are good ones.
Uh, Tetranet.
Yeah.
Tetranet was great.
I miss Tetranet.
Yeah.
It was a little throwback to Tetranet.
I don't know how much of that exists.
We need a Tetranet stream.
Oh my God.
Is Tetranet still a thing?
I have no idea.
Okay.
Maybe I I'm going to put my foot in my mouth, but I'm saying it anyway.
Next.
O L R or I'm sorry.
Next vog point redeem thing.
Tetranet night.
I'm so in for that.
Dark soccer.
Would you do a Tetranet night?
If I can get it to run on this for sure.
If we can play it.
Sure.
All right.
All right.
Moving on.
Uh, let's go onto our next story.
Loki.
Yeah.
So apparently there was some game that's being developed by, uh, the folks behind,
uh, the mafia three series.
And so hanger 13 was working on this ambitious, I guess, new IP for take two.
And fortunately it's been canceled.
So hanger 13's latest project, um, when they pursue new intellectual properties,
we occasionally may encounter situations that call for cancellation.
We encourage our teams to pursue their passions and take creative risks,
blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.
Um, they didn't do it.
So, uh, not sure what it was going to be.
The game went by a code name volt or Voltron.
So, um, maybe something similar to like Anthem, something like that.
Maybe we can speculate all day, but I'll tell you what we'll do.
We'll just wait a good five, 10 years or so when somehow a working build of this game
leaks out into the public, you know, and we'll figure it out then.
Kitty.
It's a midnight.
Oh, I have grabbed her against her will.
What do you have to say about that boo?
Smoosh never comes in here during the show.
I guess he just yells at you from across the house.
He did.
When we were all in person, he would, because he was like, oh, new people.
Oh, anti Jamie, you know, he would do, he would do those types of things.
Yeah.
So, but now it's just like, oh, I see that guy all the time.
I'm not going to go over there.
So anyway, we have a cat in the neighborhood named blue.
She is a gray short-haired cat.
She now knows that I work from home.
And if we leave the door, the front door, we have a screen door in the front door.
Or if I leave the side door open in the kitchen here, she will come up and meow at the door
for me to come outside to pet her belly.
Oh, and today she tried to run into the house when I was going back inside.
I'm like, nope, you can't go in there.
Congratulations.
You have another cat.
I know.
I don't know whose cat it is.
It's one of the, so one of the neighbor's cats.
She always smells like, uh, like laundry.
She always smells like laundry sheets.
And I'm not sure if that's like, uh, there are worse things a cat can smell like.
No, I bet she's cuddling up against a dryer because it's warm.
I think that might be a serious answer.
Maybe.
I don't know, but she's one of the neighbor's cats.
Knock it off.
Um, I, I found a kitty friend when I was doing, um, a walk recently during Pikmin at the park
and I was afraid I was going to make the Loki mistake.
I was petting the kitty and it's adorable, but no collar.
I couldn't see that the ear was chipped or anything like that.
And I'm like, oh God, this is probably a neighborhood cat, but like very friendly to
humans.
Most ferrules kind of hiss at the humans.
They don't really come up to a real feral.
We'll do that.
Um, a lot of people though, there's a lot of assholes out there, especially now in this
period that have adopted COVID pets and abandoned them.
And you know what those people are?
They're shit.
Anyway, we digressed.
It's always back to cats, but that's why, but we digress from the big budget game that
got canceled.
So this is a $53 million project.
Take two canceled.
Yeah, that is.
Wow.
You know, I, you know what I'm reminded of funny enough, blizzard, blizzard cancel.
And I can't remember the name of the game.
Now somebody in chat might remember it was a pro.
Well, they never announced the game.
It was always project.
It was project Atlas.
I don't, I don't remember the name of it, but it was like, it was a huge thing that they
were undertaking.
Well, the point is Overwatch was born of that because it was supposed to be, I guess I,
they never really said what it was all about, but it was some type of like MMO type of thing
where like you would go into these combat areas and the combats were Overwatch.
And so what they did, they built that out into its own game.
And a lot of the characters in the original Overwatch were supposed to be for that.
Thank you, tiger client is Titan was the name of it.
It was project Titan.
Ah, yeah, that is it Titan.
And a lot of those characters that were, especially in the original Overwatch were from that project
Titan game.
So my point is because I'm sitting here going, well, that's $53 million down the fucking
drain, right?
You gotta be pissed off if you're a shareholder or you're somebody that's, you know, on the
board of this company, but maybe there's a way they can reuse some of what they built
in something else.
It just depends on what it is, which of course we don't know.
There's rumors yet.
No.
What are they going to work on?
Oh, I'm sure something else is lined up.
Grand Theft Auto six.
We need people to help.
Oh, well, Grand Theft Auto remaster, uh, Chinatown wars remaster.
What, what haven't they remastered yet?
Loki.
That's what they're going to work on.
So anyway, every master bully, everybody wants a bully remaster or a bully sequel.
That's not a terrible idea, but who knows?
I guess anything's possible, but they're, they'll probably play a coaster test.
It'll probably be like the Titan thing where we won't really figure it out until a couple
years later when either the derivative game comes out or a former employee eventually
squeals because they figure the, um, uh, the NDA doesn't apply to them anymore, even
though it technically does.
But, you know, people will squeal eventually.
It just might be a few years.
So, all right, moving on.
You got to love this headline.
Bowser pleads guilty.
Uh, and, uh, that's exactly what's going on.
Is that time?
Yep.
That's right.
They caught him.
They, they got him gals.
All right.
You've been arrested for 83 chart or you're being charged with 83 counts of kidnapping,
false imprisonment, setting fire in places where it shouldn't be.
All right, look, uh, I am not talking about Bowser, the villain and Mario.
I am not talking about Doug Bowser.
I am talking about Gary Bowser, who was in the news, uh, previously as part of team executor.
Doesn't that sound like a very Bowser sounding name?
It was a hack.
I have purchased so many of their products and I'm very disappointed.
That was selling software and heart.
I don't think you should admit that Logie, uh, software allegedly, it was research purposes.
It was, uh, research.
Well, I don't have it anymore because, or maybe I don't remember, but, um, it was, I
had a, a chipped, um, we, to be able to, um, mod stuff with that.
And then, um, never could mod anything with it too.
And then eventually they had like easier things you don't even need.
I was going to say, I didn't have a chip.
Uh, the Xbox 360 also, they did a lot of, um, repair kits.
I had gone through a lot of their repair kits for the rhetoric at death type stuff.
So that was another thing that I perused them from.
Or, and I think an actual, like, uh, I don't know.
I bought lots of things.
Well, anyway, team X executor, uh, believed that they were advocating for homebrew programs
and a consumer's right to repair their own property, which in that regard points are
made.
Um, however, the Japanese, uh, company Nintendo teamed up with the U S government.
And, uh, so you got many nations involved in, uh, uh, bringing charges against Gary
Bowser and team, uh, executor.
And, um, the court documents called them a criminal criminal enterprise that was over
a dozen individual members located around the world.
And, uh, eventually they, uh, pleaded guilty.
So you have 48 year old French national max Lauren and 51, uh, Canadian man, Gary Bowser,
who were arrested and, uh, Bowser was in the Dominican Republic.
So surely you're following all the rules when you've fled to another country that, you know,
is much smaller, but anyway, uh, he's been extradited to the United States and that's
where he's been.
And yeah, I'm glad we're going after these large criminals that clearly caused Nintendo
so much loss in money.
He pleaded guilty to conspiracy to circumvent technological measures and trafficking and
circumvention devices, which both carry maximum prison sentences of five years.
Although I would imagine if he pled guilty, he will not get that maximum sentence.
He's probably hoping for something like probation.
So we will see.
Um, let's see the FBI Raymond Duda of the FBI was quoted saying, imagine if something
you invented was stolen from you and then marketed and sold to customers around the
world.
That's exactly exactly what team ex executor was doing.
This is a perfect example of why the FBI has made the prevention of theft and intellectual
property a priority.
These arrests should send a message to would be pirates that the FBI does not consider
these crimes to be a game.
I feel like that should be said.
That's the FBI logo on a splash screen.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Boomers for like, uh, that, that wonderful, you know, no, no, it wasn't, his name wasn't
boomer.
It was Duda, I think, or I closed the window already.
Um, it's just, it's so stupid though.
Like seriously, like I get it like, yeah, mod chips and stuff, but like you could go
back to like even like PlayStation and stuff like that.
Yeah.
There's their mod chips that they had out there that you could hire a game and run it
on there, but you can also use it to play stuff from other regions.
Or although I think that, you know, honestly though, I think the systems are region free
for at least like some of the more modern systems, but there are other applications
playing modded games.
For example, I did a lot of modded grand theft auto.
I didn't necessarily have, um, executed products when it came to running that stuff.
That was just, you know, hard drive or a district flashes, but you know, we played a lot of
modded stuff with it and no harm to other people.
Cause I owned like, you know, my copy of grand theft auto four at the time, but I don't
know.
I think it's stupid to go after these mod chip creators.
It's not like it's destroying this console.
I think it's a whole different situation now than like, say it was a long time ago.
So I think now it's just really easy and convenient to buy games.
Yep.
I don't know.
All right.
Or I mean, or let's put it this way now, like they're almost out of the market anyways,
because it probably even easier to emulate some of these systems before it is to, you
know, like we talked about like the switch emulation and stuff like that.
It's like, well, Oh, darn, I can't, you know, I can't mod my switch now.
I guess I'll just have to emulate it on PC instead and get around all of those problems.
All right.
Stupid.
Let's move on.
Like they're built, creating this circumstance all on their own.
And it's also Nintendo.
It's just Nintendo is just the wrong take on so many things.
All right.
Let's move on to another sort of mod and questionable usage of IP, right?
Dark soccer.
I guess it's more parodying.
Defend this in just a second.
Let dark soccer talk about our next story.
Next story.
Oh, nevermind.
Cause I forgot to bring it up.
That was my bad.
So there is a clone out there.
No, this actually, okay, there we go.
Sorry.
For some reason it kept opening the wrong article.
There is a game out there that is a clone based off of squid game.
It's legally distinct.
It is legally distinct.
It is inspired by it.
I should say an offered up for free on steam.
It's called crab game.
And it has like different, the different childhood games where you have to basically
do them or die or do them well and die or die.
Like the floor is lava or red light, green light.
And I don't know how to feel about this, but I want it.
Loki clearly has feelings.
This is created by a guy that goes by Danny on, uh, he's a YouTuber and unity developer.
And he's been making games for a very long time.
He's very entertaining to watch.
He has another game out.
That's very popular on steam right now called muck, which is kind of a.
Survival type game, not, not in Minecraft per se, but it's just like a survival game.
It's just ridiculous.
But this, yeah, obviously it is definitely based on
the gameplay of say squid game, but he's taken it to like another level where he's added a
bunch of unique games into it as well.
And, um, different spins on the games that were in the actual show.
And I'm saying, I'm saying a lot of this, a lot of my talk is very tongue in cheek because
I mean the squid game stuff and you're right.
It's all based on childhood games anyway.
So a lot of this stuff is showing up everywhere.
Ironically back on in childhood.
So when kids really shouldn't be watching squid game, but I get, of course they are
anyway.
And so they're playing Roblox and stuff.
Who does their job anymore?
Right?
Yeah.
Who is supposed to be a babysitter?
Who cares?
Yeah.
So they're playing red light, green light, but I guess when they lose, they get shot
with a nerf gun or something.
I don't know, but that's what kids do on playgrounds now.
So it is, it's not surprising that of course it makes its way to video games, of course.
And again, it's a, I mean, it's basically fall guys, right?
I mean, fog and fall guys was before the squid game phenomenon.
Isn't that basically the same thing in a way?
I mean, obviously no.
Yes, the games are different, but not that different.
Yeah.
It's kind of fun.
I think it's really popular because it's free.
Um, true.
Honestly.
Well, he kind of expanded it in the way, like he wanted to take other, like if squid game
were made in the U S type of thing.
So he has a bunch of like, you know, us games like tag or they have like hide and seek bomb
tags on a thing, but like, they have a game that's sort of like not necessarily splatoon,
but it's kind of like, you know, you have to touch panels on the wall and the floor
and they change to your color.
And, um, of course then there's the red, like green.
Let me tell you, let me tell you a game dark soccer and I never shut up about dead by daylight
is basically hide and seek and I'm terrible at it.
So it's a little bit more involved, but yeah, it does have some tags, especially the way
these, especially the way people playing it today.
My God, it has some tag elements.
Yeah.
So it looks fun.
It's also, you know, it's, it's popular because, you know, we have everybody streaming it now
cause everybody wants to get on that like squid game hype.
And now there's like a free to play game that kind of captures that.
So everybody's just, I mean, everybody's doing squid game stuff now.
It's just, that's, what's popular.
They just did a big thing with the Minecraft, uh, Minecraft streamers, like 200, you know,
streamers and stuff.
And they were doing a squid game in Minecraft.
And then they have the crab game stuff.
You have dream.
Who's a Minecraft streamer also playing crab game.
Just like it.
It's just insanely popular and it's free to play.
So poor Danny's not getting any, any cash though, from it.
Make sure you go wishlist, uh, Carlson instead.
His, his actual paid game, put ads in that game, buddy, make that coin.
You earned it.
So ma well, maybe he's worried about Netflix, but it's, it sounds like it's super derivative
enough that it's not, not even close.
There was that story tonight, uh, on Bobby's show, or at least I remember him referencing
it about that squid game thing that had the NFTs that they were selling like NFTs, the
carrot.
Now that is some bullshittery.
And that's the type of stuff that, you know, it did get shut down.
Didn't they, didn't they steal like $3 million?
They rug pulled.
Yeah.
That's the thing with, and it's not NFTs.
It's like a crypto coin.
So these like, um, trash coins or whatever that you will, if, if you hear about these
new cryptos, it's like, and they, it's more times than not.
It's just rug pulls where you get a bunch of people hyped up and you get them invested
in it.
And then the person that creates the coin takes all the money and leaves, and then the
coins worth them.
If those D bags can take 3.4 million from squid game fans, then what's the guy's name
that created this crab game?
Danny, Danny, Danny.
He's can put some quick five, five second, 10 second ads in his game and make that coin.
He deserves it.
He really should.
And also play mock.
Mock is really fun too.
It's also insanely hard.
All right.
You got a lot of great games, actually.
DJ says the squid game memes are hilarious.
A lot of them are, but, um, yeah, I mean, I guess it was this game, a meme of some sort,
maybe.
I don't know.
All right.
Well, a lot of the game has memes from his other games as well.
Like there's a whole bunch of watches.
You have to like, like the red light, green light person, the model that they created
has his face on it.
It's just like stretched.
It just looks weird.
But like, it's, it's just silly and it's free.
It's just fun.
I don't know.
I'll check it out.
Let's move on.
Who's got our next story?
Logie?
Yeah, so this is really cool, actually.
So there's a brand new feature that's coming to Forza Horizon 5.
That adds actual ASL and BSL sign language support to the cinematic.
So you actually have an interpreter on screen during the cinematics signing all of the dialogue
in there now, whereas some folks may use like, you know, closed captioning or something like
that.
People that may also not be able to hear and also maybe like, you know, dyslexic or whatever
the case may be, might not be able to read captions that easily.
And, you know, the sign language interpreter is much easier to, to understand.
So I think that's just like, it's extremely cool that they put that in this game and just
the accessibility features are, are insane.
This, this is the kind of shit when they talk about cloud gaming and things that are in
the cloud.
This is the kind of shit I would love to see the cloud used for.
Is that when somebody would like to have, you know, ASL, I'm assuming, I know ASL is American
sign language.
I'm assuming BSL is British.
But please correct me if I'm wrong.
But I think it'd be awesome if more games had the ability to, you know, I get it.
It's a lot of data.
They might not be able to fit it all on the disk or in the download or whatever.
But if somebody could like connect to the cloud and get some of these interpretations,
I think that's awesome.
And yeah, you brought up the great points about why captions are good in one way, but
sign language is even better for other sorts.
There's also emotion and things that you can convey.
Yes, that you can convey in sign language that you can't necessarily convey in the written
words.
If you want to see what I'm talking about and folks that can hear will absolutely notice
this as well.
Go look at somebody sign languaging a rap concert.
These videos go viral once in a while.
I'm sure they've got to be all over TikTok.
I actually want to interject on this one because my uncle is an interpreter and I know a little
ASL.
Part of actually speaking sign language is facial expression.
It is an integral part of sign language.
You have to cultivate certain emotions for certain things that, you know, facial responses
to convey the right terms across.
And don't forget, there are also different dialects of ASL.
And so it is a lot going into it, but having the face to go with it is absolutely essential
to proper communication in ASL.
Yeah, so I don't think anyone looks at this and sees it as a bad thing.
I think some people have that curiosity.
Well, don't they have closed captioning?
But now we've explained it.
There's a very big difference between the two with the emotion and everything.
And again, Google somebody signing in a rap concert or look it up on TikTok.
Share one in chat if you got a good one and you will see exactly what we're talking about.
There's a reason those videos go viral all the time.
All right, let's move on.
I don't know.
It's interesting.
I'm doing this story, not dark soccer, but that's okay.
We'll talk about Google Stadia.
And the reason I actually had clicked on that because the moment I saw Stadia, I thought
it was mine.
No, no, it wasn't.
It wasn't in your pool.
So I took it out of your pool.
I should have given it to you as that other one, but that's all right.
Anyway, what I wanted to talk about with this is that, well, you can comment to your heart's
content, please.
It's a collaborative show.
Google Stadia did start doing free trials back in October, and they're going to be adding
more.
And when I say free trials, this means you don't have to have Stadia Pro for this.
You can be a free Stadia user and you can actually get two more games you can test drive.
Control Ultimate Edition, which of course that one game of the year things up the wazoo.
And that is a freebie on Stadia Pro, just saying.
Right.
But even if you don't have Stadia Pro, you can still test run it.
Well, no, I'm just saying the difference is that as opposed to a trial without Stadia
Pro on Stadia Pro, they were giving it away for free.
Nice.
And then I believe Hello Engineer is the other one that they're doing.
Am I?
No, no.
Hello Engineer was the first one they did.
And then I'm sorry, the other game is Riders Republic from Ubisoft.
So that's pretty neat.
And the Resident Evil Village one is still up too.
Oh, cool.
Yeah.
Last I checked, I can't actually look at my phone.
And if I launch Stadia right now, Dead by Daylight will come up.
But yeah.
So if you're curious about Stadia, you know, and you want to take it for a test drive,
you have plenty of ways to do that now with these free trials and so forth.
If you're curious, how does the cloud gaming work?
I should say Microsoft's gotten more and more in this too.
You know, one thing I didn't talk about during my gaming week, because I didn't play enough
of it, but I started up the Marvel Avengers game in the cloud because you know, that game
is like 100 gig download.
I'm like, I don't have the bandwidth for that, but I want to try this.
So I started to do that first little area.
If you've played the Avengers game, you know what I'm talking about?
That first little Avenger, how do they call it?
Like the celebration.
It was half price on Steam, but still full price on Stadia.
Yeah.
So, but, but on the, um, it's on game pass, Microsoft, you can play it on the cloud through
Microsoft game pass on your console.
Now that's the big deal.
I'd already done cloud gaming on my PC, but this was me playing the adventures on my TV
and it wasn't bad at all.
Again, it was like watching a YouTube.
You see a little bit of, uh, you know, like kind of artifact ingraininess that you would
see on a YouTube, but it wasn't terrible by any means.
Um, certainly better than spending the a hundred gigs to download it, to take it for a test
drive.
So maybe cloud gaming really is the future.
You know, I feel like I'm, you know, integrating it more and more and getting, you know, it's
great for taking things for a test spin and so forth.
Certainly what dark soccer is doing is, is a great test case for it as well.
There's, I think we're going to see the cloud thing more and more honestly, in the, um,
you know, coming years, another quick little update with Stadia.
Uh, you can actually jump into friends games now.
Um, so, uh, for example, far cry six is one of them.
Uh, you can actually go right into, um, somebody else's current game, but somebody does have
to enable their privacy settings for that.
Of course you can imagine why.
So if you go into your privacy tab of Stadia and in the current game, there's an option
that says, join your current game.
And if you enable that, then somebody can join your game unannounced, which some people
would love.
Some people would hate.
So you can pick that.
You can also, of course, set it to friends, um, and all players.
I don't know why you'd do that.
I guess if you really want to do something multiplayer, you could.
Um, so that's kind of neat.
Um, it's also what you would expect on some of the other services like Xbox live and PlayStation.
So it is nice that Stadia has got that now in the cloud, um, section as well.
So good for them.
All right, now we're going to get into, forget this cloud gaming stuff.
We're going to go back to a simpler time when there was no cloud.
It was all on a disc in our next segment.
And now it's time to travel back to a simpler time where I'll dive into the vault and pull
out a classic and tell you about it.
It's time for the classic game of the week.
And once a month, dark soccer instead picks a fucking weird arcade game, but I think everyone
knows this one.
At least I hope they do.
And this is an amazing pick.
Dark soccer.
What is the flag tonight?
Okay, so it is a game that a lot of people know, but it was really freaking weird when
it came out.
So it's part of it.
Don't get me wrong.
So it's the typing of the dead, which was funny when I was pulling up the video for
it.
I hear from the other room, are you playing the house of the dead?
No, but it was funny because Dan does like recognize the music from like the first two
bars.
Typing of the Dead was an arcade game that was developed by Wow Entertainment, published
by Sega for the NAOMI hardware.
It came out in 1999 in Japan and then had a port to Sega Dreamcast in 2001 by Smilebit.
There was another version for Windows that came out in 2000 in the PS2 port in 2004.
So this is a modification of Sega's 1998 light gun game.
The House of the Dead 2, where instead of a gun, you have a keyboard.
And so you type to kill your enemies and, you know, typing faster is better.
You know, you've got to type before the enemy is going to attack you.
And it's really, really cool.
It was actually considered a form of edutainment when it came out, and a lot of critics actually
said, hey, this is great.
It's funny.
It can be difficult.
It's original.
The PC version of Typing of the Dead sold 120,000 units in 2003.
The PS2 port was called Typing of the Dead Zombicanic, and it was released in Japan December
2004, and it came with USB keyboard.
There was Typing of the Dead 2 that came out in Japan.
English of the Dead, which was a revision for House of the Dead 2, was also released
to learn as a language learning game in Japan for the Nintendo DS.
And then there's an iOS remake that was called Flick of the Dead.
And then it was, of course, Typing of the Dead Overkill, which was based on House of
the Dead Overkill, came out for Windows in October 2015.
And we have the distinction of having a text pack.
These are special, and awesome, and educational.
Anyway, so it is just House of the Dead 2.
It's, you know, rail shooter.
You just type text shit.
You can actually play the Japanese version fairly easily.
I don't think it has too many non-English characters in it.
But the thing I need to point out, and this is why I'm bringing this one up, is that it
is not the only keyboard game that's been out.
I mean, we have...
There was the one that was the loop on the third, the typing.
Oh, yeah.
I think I've never seen that once.
Yeah, which is actually what I almost picked.
And it's another Sega game.
It was developed by WoW, as well, published on the NAOMI system.
So it was based off of Loop in the Third, the shooting that came out the year before
that.
So there are just a variety of, you know...
I think there's another one.
There was...
Can I say really quick while you're while you're brainstorming?
Neon Ships was, I think, one.
Bobby Black Wolf in chat reminds, and I was going to bring this up, I promise.
I was going to Dark Soccer get to the segment, but a reminder that for the Steam version
of the game, because again, this game is incredible.
Check it out.
But there's the OLR mod.
It's an official Steam mod that I put out.
I want to say Episode 6.
You did mention that.
Oh, I'm sorry.
Which I talked about.
I'm sorry.
I went AFK to the potty and I caught up on chat.
Sorry.
It's okay.
Well, I didn't say specifically Steam, but I did say it was the Windows version.
Gotcha.
But there we go.
And of course, it's got three different endings based on how you answer the questions that
the Emperor asks.
You have the explosion ending where you defeat the Emperor.
You see Goldman falling off of a building, and then there's an explosion when he hits
the ground and you have to type honest answers to questions during the boss fight.
So that's how you get that one.
There's the bungee ending where if you do untruthful or strange answers during the boss
fight, then you get a bungee cord attached to Goldman's leg, and he returns to where
he came from and burps.
And then you have the Superman ending where you have to do untruthful answers only to
the questions asked in the boss fight.
And instead of him jumping, Goldman jumping off or falling off, he waves to the narrator
and raises his hands and rises into the sky.
And that's it.
So it got great reviews.
Like I said, Famitsu gave it 35 out of 40.
Everyone thought it was just so absurd that it's just, it was hilarious.
Game Informer named it the weirdest game of all time.
The graphics have, of course, been criticized because, I mean, it wasn't updated from House
of the Dead 2, and there's actually even PC World said it was a runner up on the top 10
worst games list.
What the fuck do they know?
They don't have sense of the femur.
But yeah, they're probably holding up the new steam release to or I say no, but it's
a few years old.
They're holding that up to, like, new guidelines.
And I think they're probably looking at it through the wrong.
This is 2014 still when it was ranked as one of the worst.
Yeah.
So that wasn't that the year that it came out on steam?
I don't know.
But even so, I mean, they said they didn't think the concept was that novel.
Whatever.
Then go play something else.
I mean, honestly, the House of the Dead, any of the typing of the dead ones, like, they
don't.
They're really fun.
They like, I remember going to Jessica's house and us both having our keyboards.
Two player house typing of the dead and having the best time.
Of course, sometimes there was drinking involved and then we would play drunk and that was
terrible.
But yeah, it's probably up there with one of my favorite games.
But it is definitely a fucking weird arcade game when it came out.
Absolutely.
Great pick.
There it is.
Your flag.
Oh, the month.
The typing of the dead, or is our DJ on the chat says this game looks better than the
movie.
Everything looks better.
Everything looks better than that movie.
So there you go.
All right.
Great pick.
Great trip down memory lane.
Great chance to plug the OLR mod that's out there.
That honestly should go back and update.
I just I will caution.
A lot of the stuff that's in there is old, like it's old references to the show when
it was a little more wild and we had more people here every week for the show.
Like, you know, there used to have, you know, we crammed like six people in the studio every
week and we had all that.
So there's a lot of like old jokes that might not resonate with if you found the show in
the past five years.
But I still think it's I think it's neat that we did a mod.
We should do an updated pack for reasons.
I was going to say we should do an updated one, but I also I'm like, well, what updated
jokes do we have?
I need the help of some OLR historians to add stuff in there.
I'm happy to do an update, though.
I think it would be fun.
So and I think Questbuster really sums it up for me in chat over twitch.tv slash vog
network saying this is one of the reasons I love Sega.
They're willing to take risks like this from time to time, even now.
So and agree.
That's I think what a lot I mean, just think of all that crazy shit from the late 90s Sega
Dreamcast era.
Samba de Amigo.
Hello, weird Space Channel five wild crazy taxi.
Crazy.
You know, it's just that's now that stuff.
I don't know if it's just because we're in a certain generation of gamers or what, but
all that stuff is like the peak of gaming in many ways for many of us, I think so.
She Hulk 10 in chat says, what's flag?
Flag stands for fucking weird arcade game.
And it's because every month of the week.
Of the of the month, because every of the week of the month.
But I just do them all the time, but I'll run out.
They're all weird.
We've been doing a yearly twist since twenty seventeen, twenty eighteen, where Dark Sakura
mixes it up and once a month she does something different.
So one year she did classic consoles.
I think soundtracks was one year.
There was one other one, I think.
Oh, peripherals was last year, if I remember right.
So I did pinballs.
Yeah.
This this I don't think you did pinballs yet.
Maybe that's not pinball.
Did you?
Did you?
Yeah.
OK, time flies because I had to I gave myself a limit that they were anything that was at
the beginning of using the DMD system for scoring.
Wow.
Yeah, you're right.
You're right.
OK, so then this now we're at the this is me.
I know, but it's just like it all blurs together.
And also, to be fair, you talk about pinball a lot.
OK, it doesn't need its own statement, but I love him.
It's fine.
Who doesn't love the ball so that this year the twist was the fucking weird arcade game
where Dark Sakura would pick a game that was really crazy in arcades.
And, you know, again, I would urge you all to go to the wiki, which is orange lounge
radio dot fandom dot com.
Now, I think it used to be Wikia, but they want some company bought the other.
So and yeah, as Joe and Matt says, there's only one more flag left.
That's right.
December is the only month left.
So Dark Sakura will go out with a bang and then got to think of next year's one.
I know some ideas have come up, but we'll let Dark Sakura pick what she wants to do
as we move into 2022 and the 20th year of the show.
The 20th year in my worst arcade game, what's that?
I'll do worst game of the month, worst game of the month.
You've picked some stinkers, but I mean, you can do more stinkers.
I'll think of something.
There's a lot of shitty games out there.
All right.
Thank you, Orange Right, who sends a link.
And so you can see all the previous classic games and the different themes and all that
stuff.
So there you go.
All right.
Halo.
OK, Bobby.
Bobby says finally, Halo gets in legit with the worst game of the month.
I'm going to say, remember, I did Halo for a lot of money for my mother and it was legit
and it was legit.
If I do another Halo game.
I don't even know, maybe, maybe, maybe something will happen, maybe one of the prizes for like
a subathon or something will be I do Halo two.
It's got to be a subathon here, though.
Vogue Network.
I didn't say I wouldn't do it for myself.
I do it here.
OK, all right.
Who do you think I am?
Of course, I would do it on my own.
Capitalist.
I'm kidding, kidding, kidding, kidding.
All right, moving on.
Let's get into some rapid fire news and talk about some things going on in the industry
rather quickly.
And we will go to, I think, Loki first.
Yeah, so, you know, I've been a big fan of Lego stuff and we were buying most of the
Mario sets.
We've kind of stopped because we got too many of them and my son doesn't want to build the
ones I buy for him.
So there's a lot of them.
There is a lot.
So as you may remember, Lego Luigi is a thing now.
He was introduced back in August, I believe.
And now they've got some more Luigi centric sets, including the brand new Luigi's Mansion
sets that are coming out.
So there's actually one there's a brand new like entryway expansion set that they've got
for like 40 bucks.
It looks kind of cool with some of the ghosts from the game.
There is a the lab and Poltergust expansion set, which gives you the actual Poltergust
suit that Luigi can wear.
And as also Professor Egad in there, and then they have a more elaborate set, which is the
haunt and seek expansion set, which is 80 bucks.
And it's got like a bunch of stuff from like a haunted house in there, including King Boo.
But pretty elaborate stuff.
Probably won't be buying that, though, but neat.
I like to see more Mario sets.
And then obviously, that partnership is doing very well for both those companies.
Yes, yes, yes.
And then also, of course, we've got an update to Super Mario 3D All Stars.
You may remember that was a game that was released back in September of last year.
And then they just continued in March when they.
Decided to roll out their expansion pass for their Nintendo online.
No, no, no, no, no.
It's a limited celebration.
It's a celebration.
Eventually, the celebration has to read that was driving that.
Eventually, the lights have to go out.
Eventually, the hors d'oeuvres spoil.
So here's OK.
So to that to to that, this is going to be the most unnecessary expansion ever, but or
update ever.
So Super Mario 3D All Stars is adding Nintendo 64 controller support.
But you may remember that the Nintendo 64 controller, aside from being impossible to
get right now because it's Nintendo and they don't know how to manage the supply chain,
you could only purchase that if you had the expansion pass through Nintendo online,
which you would have already gotten Mario Super Mario 64.
But hey, if you want to play it again on a copy, you already bought now.
They're letting you do that.
How generous of them.
I don't know.
It's stupid.
It's so stupid.
It's weird to see that get a patch, but I mean, it makes it's nice that they're supporting
it, but like it's the hoops you got to jump through to be able to do that is just stupid.
It's nice, but I don't care.
Like that's that sums me up, I guess.
All right, Dar Sakura, you've got one for us.
I do.
It looks like that filming for The Last of Us is actually done.
Neil Druckmann posted, and I'll read this verbatim.
Alas, my time in Canada has come to an end to the best TV crew in the world.
Thank you for your incredible work, your passion, and for making me feel so welcome.
I will miss you terribly.
Excited to return to Naughty Dog and some warmer weather.
And yeah, he put a picture of a clapboard with The Last of Us on it, and it's the same
font, but red with like a design on it.
And yeah, it might be done filming completely, so we'll see.
Now to edit it and get all the special effects done.
So it's still probably going to be a little while, but I think that the bar is pretty
high for that, but it looks like they've got a good cast.
So be very curious to see how that turns out for sure.
Totally.
Speaking of media, I've got a story for you guys.
And this trailer, I know, showed up in our Discord over at vognetwork.com
slash Discord because, you know, who doesn't love Neil Patrick Harris?
And that's why everybody's sharing this movie, right?
Well, I'm sure that's part of it.
But the other part is it plays in the Nintendo hardcore.
So it's a movie coming to HBO Max called 8-Bit Christmas.
And it's talking about it.
Look, I'm gonna be honest.
I watched the trailer.
And to me, it's just completely trying to rip off a Christmas story and get that same
sort of vibe.
But instead of a BB gun, it's a Nintendo.
What this has to do with video games, I'm not exactly sure, but I guess we can expect
to see Nintendo stuff featured in the movie.
And of course, it's just tugging at our heartstrings because a lot of us look at that and go,
oh, oh, that was me going to my friend's house trying to play the Nintendo and all that stuff.
It would have been a perfect time for them to do some sort of partnership deal to re-release
the NES Classic Edition, wouldn't you think?
That's how a smart business person thinks.
That's how a smart business person thinks.
But this is Nintendo and they won't do that.
Anyway, the trailer's all over.
I'm sure many of you guys have seen it by now.
It's on HBO Max.
It has Neil Patrick Harris.
I will wait to see what my friends think of it.
I'm not exactly in a rush to watch it, but it's not because completely that I'm a bitch.
It's just that I don't, you know, I watch a lot more Twitch and I play a lot more video
games and I really have to be intentional if I'm going to break to watch a movie or
something like that.
Tigerclaw does point out that it's based on a book.
Mike Deff says it's nostalgia bait, but I'll watch because of Neil Patrick Harris.
And that's where I'm kind of like not going to write it off completely.
I do love that man.
So yeah.
And by the way, did y'all see his Halloween?
Like every year that family goes all out for Halloween and it's amazing.
It's also those kids are growing up.
Those kids are like 10 or 11 now.
So they do amazing stuff in the new Matrix movie.
That's right.
Yeah, that Matrix movie has a hell of a cast.
That is a movie I will set aside the time to watch.
Guaranteed.
I will borrow a friend's HBO Max.
Actually, I might go to the fucking theater to see it quite honestly.
I'll see it in the theater.
Anyway, Tigerclaw says it's based on the book.
Yes, there is a book on it.
And so it comes from that.
So was A Christmas Story, which is the original nostalgia porn.
I think that ties into this.
All right, let's move on.
Travel around the world and check out some releases.
Actually, no, I lied.
I'm going to insert a story here in Rapid Fire News because we had a really good one
shared by Bobby in chat.
And I think this is worth sharing.
I should save this for last minute stories, but I'm not going to.
Because this is kind of huge.
Metal Gear Solid 2, Metal Gear Solid 3 going to be removed from PlayStation 3, Xbox 360,
Nintendo 3DS and so on in those stores.
They're saying it's temporary.
Apparently, there is historical archive footage that appears in the game.
The licenses have expired.
Konami is therefore legally obligated to yank the game until they can either fix it and
remove that footage, which I doubt they're going to use the resources to do, or they're
going to, I guess, try to reinstate the licenses.
They are saying in this press release on their official site, konami.com.
We sincerely ask for your patience and understanding as we work towards making these products available
for purchase once again.
So they are going to try to get them back up again.
There's a lot of this affects the GOG version of Metal Gear Solid 2.
Many PlayStation 3 and PlayStation Vita.
I mean, the storefronts are already kind of on their way out as it is.
PlayStation Now, that's the when I see that, that's the big one.
They have to yank it off the cloud.
Something to think about with these licenses and expiring and the cloud gaming we're moving
to just that's the one that catches my eye is the PlayStation Now version of the game
is going to disappear.
Hmm.
So anyway, and that involves for PlayStation Now and PlayStation Vita and PlayStation 3.
That's the HD collection.
They have to throw out the whole collection for now because, of course, it includes number
two and number three.
So interesting.
Garth the Wolf in chat says, Konami looking sus.
Well, it is legal obligations.
It's just what good news is coming out of Konami lately?
I'll wait.
Oh, the new BeatMania 2DX.
I really want to play that.
That's, I guess, there's your good news for Konami.
The rest?
Well, we have a story on E-Football coming up later, and I will just let that speak for
itself.
Anyhow.
All right.
Oh, yeah.
Darticuya says, remember Dynamite Rave literally had to be rewritten about 2009 or so.
Yeah, they are not good with licensing sometimes.
Yes.
How about the Silent Hill remaster?
Enough said.
I don't like the remake.
Oh, yeah.
Okay.
Sacred Jade.
I will.
Okay.
Yes.
Yes.
I will.
I will golf clap that response.
Castlevania collection.
That is some good news that came out of Konami.
I do want to point out they did contract with that other company to make the game for them.
However, point taken.
Point acknowledged.
Golf clap earned.
Thank you.
All right.
All right.
Orange Rite is now putting out the TurboGrafx-16 mini.
I will give you one clap because that was last year.
All right.
Enough.
Moving on.
You all know the point I'm trying to make.
It's a hot mess over there.
All right.
Let's travel around the world and check out some release dates and things that are
from Konami or otherwise in the coming week.
And we'll go to the US and Loki.
Yes.
So we have Blue Reflection, Second Light on PC, Nintendo Switch, and PlayStation 4.
Football Manager 2022 on PC, Mac, Nintendo Switch, Xbox One, Xbox Series X, iOS, and
Android.
Forza Horizon 5 on PC, Xbox One, and Xbox Series.
We have Jurassic World Evolution 2 on PC, PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, Xbox One, and
Xbox Series.
The Elder Scrolls V Skyrim Anniversary Edition.
That's right.
Todd Howard is doing it again, and he's going to make you buy Skyrim again, even though
they already did a remastered anniversary edition before.
That's coming out this week on PC, PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, Xbox One, Xbox Series.
The Grand Theft Auto, the trilogy, the definitive edition.
Sure enough, it is definitive until they release another one.
That's also coming out on PC, Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, Xbox One, and
Xbox Series.
If they do another one, would it be redefinitive?
It's a serious question.
In the Grand Theft Auto, Rockstar Games doesn't want to make a new game.
PUBG The New State on iOS and Android, Star Wars Knights of the Old Republic on Nintendo
Switch, and finally, we've got Shin Megami Tensei 5 on Nintendo Switch.
That's it.
All right, going to Japan and checking out the releases over there.
You bet Shin Megami Tensei 5 is a huge release this week on the Nintendo Switch.
It has a regular edition, a limited edition.
There's even some peripherals that are coming out that are Shin Megami Tensei branded, of
course, because that game is huge.
So you can check all that out on the 11th when the game launches there.
There are some other titles on the Nintendo Switch as well.
What Would Dare go up against Shin Megami Tensei?
How about Laid Back Camp, Have a Nice Day?
That is out this week.
Dragon Quest X, Heroes of the Heavenly Stars online.
I'm not sure.
That must be some type of re-release.
I don't know if that's the first time on the Switch or what it is, but that is out
as well in Japan this week.
And Megaton Musashi is out this week as well in Japan.
And Labyrinth of Galleria, Coven of Dusk is all out this week on the Nintendo Switch.
Looking at the PlayStation 4, I imagine you have some of the similar stuff.
Yep, we have Megaton Musashi is also out this week in the Dragon Quest game.
Also on PlayStation 4.
Let me check PS5 and see if any of those games made it over there this week.
No, the next release is a Battlefield 2042, Japan's release, excuse me, on the 19th.
So we're still a little ways from that.
Let's go to the UK and Dark Sakura.
I think you have a mute.
Yes, you have a Discord mute.
On the 9th, we have Forza Horizon 5 on Xbox.
For Xbox and PlayStation, Jurassic World Evolution 2 on the same day.
The rest of these are on the 12th.
We have Human Fall Flat Anniversary Edition.
We have Game & Watch The Legend of Zelda.
Nice.
We have Shin Megami Tensei V5.
I did the thing.
I hate that I did the thing and I did the thing.
Shin Megami Tensei V.
And then Let's Sing 2022.
I did the thing, Rob.
How dare I do the thing?
I know.
I'm going to clip that.
All right.
No, just kidding.
No, do not.
All right.
Let's move on and get some more headlines.
And then, of course, we'll take your calls and your emails and all that good stuff and
really make it your show a little later on with the listener roundtable.
But for now, we have some more headlines to talk about, starting with Loki.
Yeah, so this is a story Nintendo has promised to continually to improve the switch online
since there's been some backlash basically saying in there and was that their investor
meeting, I believe that the last month we released in the switch online plus expansion
pack a new membership plan that adds content to the existing service.
Going forward, we will continue to improve and expand on both Nintendo Switch Online
and Nintendo Switch Online Plus expansion pack striving to provide services that satisfy
customers.
Yeah, I better hope you better be continually improving that service.
I mean, that's the point of a service that you're charging fifty dollars for.
Sony doesn't Sony or Microsoft doesn't just charge it and go, OK, we're done.
We're done putting out content.
Well, I also took it about the split that they have and now they have two levels and
everybody's thinking, well, this basic level is going to be trash now because they want
people to pay more for the premium level.
So I kind of read it as Nintendo kind of recommitting to both levels.
And to confirm, like I even though.
I didn't pay for the expansion pack, meaning I did download I did pay for the DLC, though,
for Animal Crossing, but I'm not I'm not paying for the expansion back.
So they miss out on the five dollars there, but it's still it's stupid, like it's just
a principal thing for me, like I don't know.
Thank you.
Like, I'm not giving you more money, especially when you haven't proved with the current
expansion pass stuff that you're willing to continually update it.
I mean, it's just minimal effort being put in by them.
Yeah.
So sorry, I'm not going to you can promise all you want, but you haven't shown that you're
going to do it.
Yep.
Actions.
I mean, I understand they have to playing Yakuza games has taught me that the board
meetings are very important and you have to please the board of directors.
But I get it.
With the shareholder meetings, you have to talk a lot of talk.
But for us, the gamers, we got to see the action and we got to see the you know, the
stuff that really makes it worth it.
So we'll see.
I'm curious what big free thing Nintendo is going to try to throw at the game and Game
Boy Advance games.
That's what they're going to do.
That's the easiest.
Like, come on.
I think there needs to be something more like, yes, sure.
I like Game Boy, Game Boy Advance games, but I think there needs to be.
Here's the problem.
Here's the problem.
If Game Boy and Game Boy Advance does not include Pokemon, forget it.
And that's the thing.
Everybody hears Game Boy, Game Boy Advance.
They think, oh, well, I want to play the Pokemon games.
You better get you better level set those expectations.
Because technically those games are from the Pokemon company, which is like second party.
So I don't, you know, and also Nintendo can, you know, as they're doing with the fourth
gen, just remake those games and charge a whole separate premium for them and people
will pay it.
So don't assume Pokemon games are going to be a part of that.
So what's left?
There's Metro, the original Metroid 2, you know, there's some other, you know, not to
say obviously there are some good, but I just think the highlights are not going to be what
you all want them to be.
That's my thought.
So, all right.
Moving on and on a similar note with Nintendo, and I think we kind of addressed this on a
previous show, but it's kind of continue.
I want to say this got brought up again this week because of that same shareholder meeting.
Nikkei Asia is talking about that Nintendo is going to make 20% fewer Switch consoles
through the end of the fiscal year.
And this all ties into the chip shortage that's going on.
That means 24 million fewer units than what was planned.
And yeah, that's basically the headline.
I mean, yes, there's still a lot of games when you consider Metroid Dread, the new old
Mario Party that came out and, you know, the other things that are on the horizon for next
year or Animal Crossing 2.0, if you will.
Next year, Splatoon 3, Bayonetta 3, but the reality is the chip shortage is just playing
into how many Switches they can make.
And if that doesn't scream the answer to what happened to the 4K Switch.
Ah, that's I mean, and we said that then it's probably because of the chip shortage.
And Nintendo hardware is already hard enough to come by.
Now put this on top of it.
It's going to be a nightmare.
So on when you consider all that, I am glad Nintendo put off the 4K Switch to be quite
honest, like because I do not want to have to I do not want to have to Squid Game to
win a 4K Switch.
So do that when the chip shortage is looking a little better.
Speaking of whatever's in the future for Nintendo in that interesting meeting, they did
confirm there's another Nintendo console in the works for release 20XX.
Great.
So we get a new Nintendo console coming out before 2099.
It's interesting that a lot of websites are running that as a headline because no fucking
shit.
Nintendo is working on a new console.
Guess what?
I feel like I've said this before.
I'm going to say it again.
PlayStation is working on PlayStation 6.
What?
But it's so early.
These things take years to come up with years of development, trial and error, cost analysis,
parts.
Now that we're seeing launch games, et cetera, et cetera, et cetera.
So yes, of course, they're working on a successor to the Switch.
I think the real question is, has the 4K Switch been scrapped altogether for a future like
is the future Nintendo console now a 4K Switch?
Because that's I think that's where it ends up.
But we'll see.
Anyhow, on a completely different note, Dark Sakura.
Well.
We often call politics a game, right?
Some of us do, because it really can just go back and forth and one tries to win versus
the other.
There's actually a Kickstarter now to make a game and to teach about politics and the
nature of how it works.
It's called Political Arena, created by Elliot Nelson, who is a journalist who wrote for
Huffington Post until 2018.
So you legislate.
And this is actually the quote.
You can legislate, you can campaign, you can navigate the media, you can weather scandals,
you can try and pick apart the myriad interests on K Street and other special interests.
So you customize your politician and then decide how to invest their time.
And then you can see how weak or strong they are in certain skills.
And then the game plays out from there.
So if you are a fan of, you know, following politicians or kind of want to see a little
bit about, you know, what all you'd have to juggle for it, you could sign up for the Kickstarter.
It looks kind of interesting.
Like one of the screenshots on here is like Senator Olin misspells butter, which how many
times have we seen?
People drug for their grammar.
Oh, sure.
What by me?
How how many of us are old enough to remember the whole potato shenanigans with Vice President
Quayle at the time?
That was it's very much a reference to that.
Yeah, we had way too many of them with the dumpster that we just got used to it.
Yeah.
What's interesting about this to me, you know, political games are nothing new.
I mean, hello, we had that guy who made cat president like the actual.
Yeah, that's a political game of sorts, a little tongue in cheek.
But I remember playing a game on like the Commodore 64 in the 80s.
It was like a campaign manager game.
But it's not that the political game element is new, but it's interesting that the talent
behind this and that there is, you know, people that might bring some sort of, you know, I
don't know if you want to call it insider, but sort of like just more like weathered,
I guess, experiences into a game.
I think that's interesting.
Well, the producer, Diana Williams, she's former exec at Lucasfilm, said that she wants
it to be fun to play, but also to be educational.
And she one of her quotes is, and if you and if through while having fun, they're able
to say, hey, I didn't know this about X, Y, Z, then we have also done our job.
Um, she's kind of, you know, wanting this to show a lot more of an honest view of how
politics work.
I mean, it's very much just like old courtly drama, you know, where this person moves against
this person and this person with power moves this way and you make these alliances and
you do this thing, except, of course, very modern.
You know, she said she wants it to give more information than Schoolhouse Rock.
It's chess on a different board.
It is, yeah, it's it's really.
The only thing that I can really liken the world of politics to, excuse me, my nose is
itching as a dumpster on fire in the ocean.
No, it's like when you watch, um,
I was trying to think, kind of like watching Game of Thrones, I think, when you're watching
how the families sort of move against each other and interact and how you sway opinion
to get alliances with one or the other.
I mean, in this case, if you're trying to sway someone's opinion, you go to a charity
dinner, you donate to so-and-so's cause, even if you don't believe in it, you want so-and-so
to be on your side because you want them to think that you think the same way they do.
Um, it goes also into the less savory side of politics.
Um, by like, you can do attack ads, you can do, uh, uh, you know, social media manipulation.
Um, you can, I mean, they've even got people, uh, who worked, uh, in campaigns working on
this game.
Um, it's, it's absolutely, you know, going to be completely, I think, a candid and honest
look at it, but still supposed to be something that you're, you're supposed to have fun with.
All I have to say about the wide world of politics is remember my ex, the politician?
That is all I'm going to say about that.
That was a very eye-opening experience.
Thankfully, he, even though apparently he got a lot of votes, uh, he did not end up
holding public office.
And, uh, last I heard still hasn't, although honestly, I haven't heard a lot in a long
time, but, uh, the world's a better place for it.
Sorry to be shady, but also not sorry.
I'm not sorry.
I'm not either.
I'm just supposed to be nice on, on the show.
And I say this as a weird person.
He's such a weird guy.
Yeah.
Well, that's, you know, I embrace my weird and he was completely strange to me.
That's what happens when you, uh, you know what, I'm not going to get into it.
I'm not going to get into it.
I'm not going to get into it.
I'm a better, I am a better person.
All right, let's move on.
Speaking of Loki, why don't you be a better person with this next story?
Uh, I don't know if I could be the better person, but so Konami has decided to delay
E-Football 2022 version one to next year, probably because there's a lot of updates
and fixes they're going to have to do to even get to version one.
And so that's just an inevitability of them.
But yes, they have pushed it back to spring of 2022.
I just say, don't even bother at this point.
It's just, it's trash, but yeah, they're, they're pushing it back.
Even though they already like, wasn't, they released it and stuff.
So yeah, and I go along with that, um, they are, you may remember because, um, we had
brought it up in the story, they were so bold to pre-order the premium player pack, which
was paid DLC for that premium game.
And yeah, they're refunding that for folks because, um, you know, their game is jank
and broken.
So I apologize for the awkward silence, but I literally have nothing.
Congratulations, Konami.
You've managed to successfully pee and poo the bed.
Like, I don't, I don't know what to say.
What do you say to some company that is such a colossal fucking mess?
Like, what do you say?
What do you say when you walk in the room and just, it's just, it's not even a room.
You've literally done that silent hill thing where you go through the hole and like, it
was, it used to be a room, but now it's murder.
Like, I don't, what, what do you say?
There's nothing.
And they have like the last thing that they had that was good was like pro Evo soccer.
And then they're like, Hey, wait, hold on, hold on.
There's still an opportunity for us to screw this up.
And you know what?
They had, they took, it took some gusto, but they managed to pull that mess up in 2021.
They did it.
So congrats, Konami.
Uh, dark Tetsuya chat says it's that meme from community.
He walks in with a pizza and everything's on fire.
At least that guy had pizza.
That's a fair point.
Is, is, is there a playable game here?
Nope.
At least that guy had pizza.
Uh, as Joe and her mat says, just play that Bob Saget clip from dumb and dumber.
There's shit everywhere.
How about the Bob Saget directed movie dirty work, starring the late Norm McDonald rest
in peace where the CA everybody, you have to know the scene where the guys look, there's
a dead hooker in that trunk over there.
Oh, Oh my gosh.
Another dead hooker.
Like it's, it's like really a tasteless scene and everything, but it's really funny.
Uh, if you have a dirty mind and it's that, that, that is a little more appropriate to
what Konami is going through right now.
Like, I just, I, I don't know what to say.
Um, Mike Defton chat says PT was foreshadowing of Konami state.
Now I know why Konami shut it down.
Now Bobby Black Wolf points out their gambling side isn't a mess.
It makes money.
Well, you know, what's interesting.
And maybe this goes back to the old division of, um, Konami, the arcade publisher and case
set.
What used to be that Konami, you know, computer entertainment, I guess technically still is
except they closed all the U S offices.
I don't even know how to sort that mess anymore.
My point is arcade hardware, gambling machines, things like that.
Pachinko.
Those are all fine.
It's the software division.
That's a fucking nightmare.
Now, yes, uh, y'all brought up the Castlevania thing, but again, I said that really, that
kind of wasn't Konami.
That kind of wasn't, it actually wasn't Konami.
It was their, it was their games.
It was their, it was their old shit, but somebody did it for them.
And honestly, after hearing about this football game, I think we should all be thankful someone
else did it for them because believe me, Konami would have found a way to pee and poo that
Castlevania collection if they'd done it themselves.
Uh, Tigerclaw in chat says, I still can't get over the fact two of the channels here
are named after the company that used to make arcade games.
Um, Oh, Oh, Oh, I think talking about, they were talking about something else, uh, with
Valley Sports and all that stuff.
Um, I, it is funny that the name of our show comes from a Konami namesake, but it is, it
is quite literally the Konami of a different era, literally.
And we'll always keep DDR near and dear in our hearts.
And like I said, honestly, arcade division's fine.
Like new DDR mixes.
Cool.
Uh, new 2DXs.
Yeah.
You know, all that stuff.
That's fine.
I don't got, I don't got no complaints about that, except I just got old.
I'm a Bamani boomer now as we talked about on a previous episode of OLR, but, um, that's
all cool.
I don't got a problem with that.
Anyway, one more story for you guys and Loki kind of referenced this already.
Thanks, Loki.
You know, but I understand it's in the release dates, but, um, Hey, look, Skyrim.
Is coming out once again, it is the anniversary edition and it's kind of all over the place.
Okay.
So here's the deal.
God damn it.
The story won't open because it thinks I'm using an ad blocker on this site.
Um, there are different price levels for this, uh, uh, game that's coming out.
There's going to be $49.99 edition.
And I think that's the new one, or it's going to be $19.99.
If you want to just upgrade, I guess your existing edition.
But then I also heard one of them is coming out on game pass somehow.
Because Skyrim is there, but it's like not the newest one, even though Microsoft owns
Bethesda now, like this newest one is not coming out right away or something.
I don't know.
It seems like a disaster, uh, of different pricing.
It's confused.
I shouldn't say disaster because, you know, Skyrim is a good game, but it's confusing
all these different tiers.
And it's confusing why Skyrim is getting released again, but it's, you know, the 10 year collection
and I get it from the perspective of, okay, they have to make it even better for the Xbox
series and for PlayStation five, but it's like, okay, they already kind of redid it
for Xbox one X and you can play that version on game and it looks fine.
It looks great.
It looks better than fine.
Um, so I guess what now you get ray tracing and extra sparkles and things like that.
Cool.
Um, but I don't, I don't know if it's really necessary to drop money to get this game all
over again.
Um, but I guess Bethesda is hoping many of you will think differently.
Anything you want to add to that Loki?
Cause I know you're a Skyrim fan.
Um, it's, it's a lot of it is just these, they keep trying to push that, uh, the creator
club stuff really.
And so there's like a lot of pieces from that, but it's, it's all mods.
Some of it's kind of cool.
I mean, they've got like fishing and stuff in there now and, um, different armor sets.
Like if you're a fan of the other elder scrolls games, there's armor sets from those.
Um, is it 1999?
Cool.
Because that's the cost to upgrade.
Probably.
I mean, there's a lot of content in there.
I just don't know.
I'll just wait for the go on sale there.
At the very least, they're giving you some stuff for free though.
So even if you don't upgrade and you already have a special edition, which probably most
of you did, cause they also updated that for free.
Um, then you get like, there's three big pieces of DLC kind of there being thrown in there.
So I'll wait, it'll hit game pass eventually.
It will hit game as eventually.
It has to, I'll wait for that.
I mean, yeah.
I mean, it's definitely gonna hit game pass eventually and, and see sales.
I mean, that's just always they're cheap, so just wait.
All right.
But don't wait for this segment.
It's the listener round table where we're going to take your calls.
If you'd like to call us over at vognetwork.com slash discord, just hop into the green room
and we might take a call or two, but we also want to take a look inside our mailbag, which
is at participate at orangelandtrader.com.
Something that was brought to my attention though, um, by a listener in our discord today
over at vognetwork.com slash discord, because, you know, we chat with you all throughout
the week, um, is that somebody tried to send an email through the website and it didn't
work.
Um, I have to confess the website is old and it's broken.
And the only reason it exists right now is because it powers this show, uh, and the feed,
uh, that is still on iTunes.
And I am scared as hell to change some of that because, um, obviously I don't want,
I don't want to lose the podcast feed that we have and you, cause we have like, we're
probably the, I don't, is there an older show on iTunes?
I don't, we've been, we've been on iTunes since day one.
I don't know if there's any other current running show that was there on day one.
Like, I'm not trying to toot our horn too much toot toot, but like there's certain,
yeah, Guinness, there's certain types of prestige you don't want to lose.
And that's one of them.
So, um, my point is the website has been updated in like 15 years and Hey, update the website,
just don't touch the feed links.
And that, that might be the ultimate solution.
And you know, Jason and I talked about it a long time ago.
We just never got around to it.
And I do want to be clear.
Somebody was very kind, a listener named Deke Mann and I'm sure if he still listens to the
show, somebody was very kind in doing that website for us 15 years ago and did it out
of the goodness of his heart.
And I just want to say thank you.
I can never thank you enough for that.
I can't thank Jason enough for the multiple favors around on Facebook.
I see him on Facebook.
Yeah.
The social media and all that stuff.
I still see deep, but I don't, you know, people come and come and go from the show.
I, and I appreciate both those guys immensely.
But the reality is he did it 15 years ago, but a lot's changed.
So yes, a new website is something that we really should work on.
So anyway, my point is if you try to send an email through the website, don't, uh, just
use your email client, participate at orange lounge, rated.com.
However, I can see why people would think that.
Why not just go to a website, clicking it.
So I have to figure out how to update that to give a, uh, heads up or something like
that.
It should just be a mail to link.
Um, Bobby black, Bobby black Wolf says, uh, gamertag radio was there day one respectfully.
And of course I, I re I realized they also have been running a very long time.
They've done more episodes.
I have nothing but respect for Danny and the work that he does.
I thought he came out after iTunes launched because that was what inspired him to go the
direction from what he was.
He was doing like a fantasy star thing before I could be wrong.
And if I am, I am sorry, but, um, and I'm sure, I'm sure there are also non video game
podcasts that have been there since day one.
Um, but, um, not many that's for sure.
So, all right.
Anyway, I, but I don't, I don't think it was very long after, um, some of the day one podcasts.
There was the one with the dudes in Cleveland, but they kind of faded, although they like
we'll do one show a year or something like that.
And again, please do not hear any of this as disrespect because it takes a lot of work
to do a show for one year.
And I have nothing but respect for the folks that do that.
But at the same time, we're, yes, we've been doing this for 19 years and we're going to
kind of toot that a little bit.
We're very proud of it.
You know, it takes it.
Yes.
It's taken a lot of dedication to go that long.
So to do Bobby says I showed up a month after iTunes.
I was month one, but not day one.
That still puts you in the old folks home, Bobby, as far as I'm concerned.
So it will be interesting to see what happens.
Should we ever decide to call it quits?
Who's still going at that time?
And, um, I, cause I don't know.
I, I'm, I'm very confident we are the longest running podcast about video games or internet
show, especially, especially when you combine all that together.
I don't know who's second place.
Y'all can fight about that.
I don't know.
All right.
Anyway, uh, let's move on.
Uh, I was going to get to the mailbag participate at orange launch radio.com.
Yes, there is one.
Yay.
Um, I don't have a nickname on it, so I'm just going to say Ronnie with Microsoft announcing
their avatars and virtual universe for teams.
Do you think PlayStation home was ahead of its time?
If Sony had stuck it out to this point, do you think there would have been opportunities
for them to utilize the service professionally during COVID?
Also, do you think AR tech missed a huge opportunity to advance during COVID?
I've been, uh, thanks.
I've been listening since life 365 days.
Wow.
This is my first time in mailbag.
Wow.
Well, hi Ronnie.
Well, hi.
We love a long time listener.
First time caller.
Wow.
That is a long time.
The live is five days that predates iTunes.
I think.
Yeah, no, it absolutely does.
Cause that's where we started there.
No, I know, but I'm trying to think where, remember there was about a year that we were
doing a podcast and a live show and then we combined.
Right.
I, we have the to go edition.
I think we were still on life 365 at that time.
But is this then when we were doing to go or was it when we were just doing orange
lounge radio and it's earlier iteration?
Probably both.
But anyway, I, I, cause, uh, all games didn't happen.
There was only one show when all games happen.
There was no more to go edition.
So it had to be, it had to be.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
So the questions anyway.
Yes.
Um, so yes.
Going back to the question about, oh yes.
Was a PlayStation home ahead of its time?
Yes and no.
Um, I think there were features of home that were underutilized and undersold.
And then, and instead we got promises that never came to real fruition.
Um, such as like that virtual display case of the various achievements that you got.
You could get a shirt here and there in PlayStation home, but they never really
pushed that forward in the way that I think people really wanted to see.
But I think PlayStation, I think a lot of people would be into PlayStation home,
that type of thing, if it existed now.
And, um, I, I, you know, there's always been those rumors about, you know, oh, they're
going to do, uh, PlayStation is going to do their knockoff of VR chat and it's going to
be PlayStation home and PlayStation VR.
Um, I think that's nice.
I, I don't know if that would actually happen or not.
Um, my other big bitch about PlayStation home was that they should have let us have
more control over the clubhouses, but I think they were really paranoid about
copyright theft and things like that, but we could have done so much more with that
oil, our clubhouse.
So we've been giving a little more freedom.
Um, but there were, there were elements of it that were ahead of its time.
Yes.
And I think it would be a very interesting player if it was still around today.
Absolutely.
So thank you, Bobby, with the timeline, you came to all games in early 2006.
iTunes was June of 2005.
There was like a year period in there where everything happened very fast.
And there was a lot that happened really fast.
There was the launch of to go.
There was the launch of iTunes, which then shot up our listenership like crazy.
As far as podcasting goes, there was then live 365 up to all the rates.
So then we moved to all games.
But before that was the syndication on all games.
There was like a three or four month period where like they were playing our
show, but it was just a rerun, uh, kind of like DDR free grade.
It was doing back then.
There's just, there was a lot that happened in like a year, 18 month period
very quickly, um, that this all kind of falls into.
Anyway, thanks for the walk down memory lane.
And thank you for the email.
Um, Quest Buster says the Japanese PlayStation Home was really nice versus
the one in the States.
They gave away so much free stuff.
Yeah, I think.
I think you get out what you put into it.
And I think if Sony had put a little more into PlayStation Home, they would
have really seen the rewards they that year that they did the virtual E3 in
PlayStation Home was actually kind of interesting, uh, and kind of neat.
And it's a real, but I bet very few people actually experienced that because
there was just a lot of like, LOL PlayStation Home.
Remember we used to have that listener.
Definitely a former listener.
I think unfortunately he rage quit.
We said something he didn't agree with or something.
And, um, it happens.
Uh, he was like super into PlayStation Home and would call into the show and
talk about like all these things that PlayStation Home was doing.
And we, he were the guy and went to his PlayStation Home clubhouse and we were
actually kind of like, wow, you really can do a lot of cool shit in this game.
Like he had a really cool little thing laid out and everything.
And yeah, there was a lot you could do a PlayStation Home that just, I don't
think really broke through into the masses, like how to really explain that,
you know, and I think that's a big part of it as well.
Um, it's interesting though, if I remember the email, right.
Kind of brought up Microsoft teams and maybe Microsoft entering this space.
Um, I mean, it would be interesting, but it, since they're bringing it up in
teams, I think a lot of that has to do with the pandemic.
And maybe when we talk about PlayStation Home, we talk about what could that have
looked like if that was around when the pandemic started, that could have been
a very interesting sort of thing.
Um, but I feel like Microsoft's responses is nothing to do with gaming in which
you see in teams, but more a response to the pandemic and the reality of the
hybrid office model, if not completely work from home model that many people
are going to in the future.
Um, there's just, it's, it's instead of you work in the office or you work
at home, there's going to be a lot of people in a middle category very soon,
a hybrid model.
Um, and I think this like Microsoft teams, uh, changes there may is, is in
response to that, what it can do for gaming.
I don't know.
Uh, Zen monkey 11 in chat says, uh, Microsoft is already doing it.
It's called alt space VR.
It's I, I forgot about that Zen monkey until you mentioned it.
So Microsoft isn't really pushing it.
And so it's really about, you know, if Microsoft wants something like that
to be for gaming, they're going to really have to put that oomph behind it
that makes gamers want to check it out.
Unfortunately, a lot of experimental Microsoft products that really should
have stuck around also go away.
Uh, so this isn't something unique to Sony.
So let's have, let's have our weekly complaint.
Where's one versus 100.
That was awesome.
Where's Microsoft game room.
As far as selling me an emulator goes, that was probably one of the best they
ever did was Microsoft game room.
Like, so Microsoft isn't unique to walking away from these things that
should have been better fully realized.
But alas, that is the game industry we live in sometimes.
And the last, that was the only email we got, but thank you.
Longtime listener.
First time caller Ronnie for the email participate at orange launch,
rated.com.
If you want to send us an email for a future week, uh, and not the website.
I don't see anybody in the green room.
I'll give it to just another moment.
If you have any questions for us, uh, you can shout them out in our, um, uh,
Twitch chat over twitch.tv slash vog network.
In the meantime, I want to check in with Loki and see if there's
any last minute stories.
Uh, the only thing I had is that apparently, uh, it looks like fail
overflow, the famous, um, cracking and hacking group has shown that they
can decrypt the PlayStation five firmware files.
Oh, interesting.
So what does that ultimately mean?
Does that mean they're going to try to do a home brew injection on
PlayStation five?
Or is that like, that's not emulation.
That's like home brew trying to run that stuff on PS five, right?
Yeah.
And they also, there's another, um, another screenshot from a PlayStation
actually showing debug settings enabled on the PlayStation five as well.
So, all right, we'll wait and see what happens.
All right.
Well, I still do not see anyone in the green room, so I don't think we're
getting any calls tonight and that is okay.
Uh, and then I don't really see any direct questions.
So, um, yeah, I think we, I think we kind of burned through all the news.
We had some good stuff.
Uh, Oh, Garth the Wolf in chat brings up the Endwalker delay, which I guess
I didn't really exist during the address during the show.
I thought I would get to it during my game week, but Garth the Wolf says
Endwalker delay is a relief because now I will actually have time to
complete my first relic weapon in Bozja.
I don't even know if I'll get around to that, but I will get all my jobs to
80.
I might hit 80 tonight on my last job after the show.
We'll see how, how long I have, uh, and if I have help.
Um, but, um, yeah, they delayed Endwalker by two weeks.
It was supposed to come out in early access, I think November 23rd.
And now it's pushed back to December 3rd.
And, uh, there was a big live letter that they did on Friday.
And, um, you know, they were talking about this and a lot of the other
changes of the game.
And, uh, Yoshi P, the producer director of Final Fantasy 14 looked so upset.
He looked like he was going to cry.
I wanted to hug him because it's not a big deal.
It's two weeks, whatever.
Do you, do you really, you guys have to remember Yoshi P is not only working
on Final Fantasy 14, the greatest turnaround in video game history.
I would put it above Diablo 3.
I really would.
Final Fantasy 14 is the greatest turnaround in gaming history.
Yoshi P is to credit for that.
And it's hardworking team, but there is a leader of that team and it's Yoshi P.
In addition to Final Fantasy 14, he is also working on Final Fantasy 16.
That man is fucking busy.
And to see him literally pour his heart out for all of us because QA issues and wanting
to make sure the game isn't fucked when it releases caused a two week delay.
Like I just, I wanted to hug him.
I felt so bad, but you know, and most people were understanding.
Probably 90%, you know, even higher were understanding, but of course there's going
to be those people that are like, I took the day off work and I'm very upset because I
can't get my PTO rearranged.
You guys are very upset to do this at the last minute is so rude.
Hey, hey, put your clown dress on tonight because you're the one that took time off
for an MMO.
And MMO launches are almost always bort.
And I'm not saying this to everyone who took time off for an MMO, because some people are
saying, oh, that sucks.
Guess I'll do something else.
That is the correct response.
But for the people that decide to tweet Yoshi P when he's literally crying on camera because
he has to delay his game, that I, what about me?
Shut the fuck up.
All right.
Uh, Mike Defton chat says, Yoshi P is a godsend and I don't even play Final Fantasy 14.
Garth the Wolf in chat says, Yoshi P cried while apologizing.
He shouldn't have to feel that way.
He's amazing and works so hard.
How many times has Yoshi P put his heart on his fucking sleeve this year when we don't
deserve it?
Remember that whole thing, uh, a fan fest when he was talking about Soken and everything
that Soken was going through medically.
And like, wait, gaming does not deserve Yoshi P.
And if you hurt that man's feelings, I will beat you up.
He is a, he's a perfect cinnamon roll.
I, I, I need to say for the purposes of Twitch, uh, rules and things I metaphorically, I will
beat you up.
I don't mean that literally for the purposes of Twitch things.
Yes.
I will beat you up with, with words.
Yoshi P is precious.
He is a gift in this gaming industry.
He is not here for your bullshit.
And I will see to that.
Comments in chat, DJ Rama S, are gamers entitled?
Yes.
Was that the website that Bobby had?
What was the website that Bobby had?
Are gamers mad?
Are gamers, do gamers hate, gamers hate everything.
That's it.
Gamers hate everything.com.
That, that was it.
It took me a minute.
My old brain.
Thank you, Bobby.
Gamers hate everything.com.
What?
You are not old gamer.
Your game is not old.
Can I, gamers are not allowed to hate Yoshi P.
Gamers are not, I forbid it.
What, you know what?
If I'm gonna, if I'm gonna wield that 19 year thing around the room and this whole like
where you know what, I'm going to decree that you are not allowed to hate Yoshi P.
Period.
You're not a gamer.
If you hate Yoshi P, you're not a gamer.
You're not.
I take, we take it away from you.
What do you say chat?
We, we strip away the gamer rights of those that hate Yoshi P.
Down with that.
How dare you?
All right.
Anyway, uh oh.
I guess the site is currently broken.
Gamer, gamers took out gamers hate everything.com.
Good lord.
Garth the Wolf would like to point out Final Fantasy 14 has the best stories to tell.
The lead writer of the game is a woman.
Yes.
Uh, who also wrote shadow ringers, which was incredible.
And the, the, the critically acclaimed MMO.
She's fabulous.
All right.
Anyway.
Okay.
I've said enough.
Yeah.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I had some thoughts and some feelings and some opinions and I had to express them.
You were entitled to that, Rob.
No one's saying no for the record.
You're joining me in this whole Yoshi.
You're not allowed.
If you hate Yoshi P, I will take your, you're not a gamer.
You, that title is taken away, right?
You're going to help me enforce this rule, right?
Yeah, Rob.
Sure.
All right.
What'd you want to say?
Oh, for the record, I didn't get to have a pink drink today.
I'm sorry for your loss.
I had a beige drink instead.
Oh, you poor thing.
I had a green tea.
My heart was broken, Rob.
Were they out of pink drink?
They were.
Um, so I had my, my fallback, which was my ice chai latte with one pump of the apple syrup.
Oh, good times.
Good times.
All right.
Delicious.
And I'm a genius.
All right.
Uh, Garth the Wolf in chat says chestnut praline latte is out.
Yeah, that's a really good, that's a really good.
I wish, wish I could get one soon.
All right.
Um, anyway, uh, let's, let's wrap up.
Um, thank you guys very much for tuning into our show tonight and listening to it and listening
to us make decrees and rules and bitch and complain.
This is our access.
Thank you for coming to our group therapy tonight.
We appreciate something.
Uh, that's, that's how the shows lasted 19 years.
It's basically therapy.
Uh, in a way it is sometimes.
Uh, anyway, thank you guys for being here and thank you for tuning in.
Whether you're like Ronnie and had been listening on the podcast feed for years and years and
years and years and years.
Thank you so much for that.
If you've been listening live here at twitch.tv, uh, thank you very much for that as well.
Appreciate you guys.
However, you choose to listen to the show.
If you enjoyed what you heard here, tell a friend or two about the show.
Help us spread the word, a social media retweet.
Uh, those types of things go a long way as well.
Hosts on Twitch.
That whole system is kind of weird right now, but we'll take it.
If you want to host us on Twitch, please do.
For, for the record on that point, I'm going to say better TV house has an option for you
to add host channel when you are in somebody else's channel.
Oh, it is very useful.
If you're using better TTV and you don't see that it is an option that you can turn on
in your settings.
Is better TTV like an add on somebody wrote to fix all the problems with TTV.
Um, better TTV is actually for more icons than the standard, uh, ones that you get.
I was using it for my no bill icon for a long time.
And, uh, bourbon put up the no fang that I made.
Interesting.
I don't know about that.
Yeah.
I'll, I'll, I'll link you the stuff after I do my thing tonight.
I know about the pronouns add on for, but that's about the only
which doesn't work right in Safari.
Although a lot of those things run through tamper monkey, but that I digress.
Interesting.
Okay.
Um, but anyway, uh, thank you very much for your support.
If you feel so inclined, you can also visit the store, vog network.com slash shop, uh,
pick up an OLR t-shirt just in time for the holidays.
Say hello to a loved one with a Bobby black Wolf mug, which you can pick up at vog network.com
slash shop or a cool little vog network, logo, uh, anything.
Um, maybe we should add a couple items before the holidays.
We'll see.
We'll see.
Uh, maybe if you're good, uh, check that out at vog network.com slash shop.
And, uh, again, thank you so much for your support of the show.
It really does mean the world.
Uh, we'll be back next week to do it all again.
Before we say good night, good night.
We want to go around and get everybody's final thoughts.
So let me go to dark soccer at first.
I'll say, uh, your final thought first, before you head out.
My stomach hurts a lot because I ate too much.
I had a taco and I had a donut and the donuts were cheap and half price over at Safeway.
And I made a big mistake, choices, choices, but you got to eat a taco and a donut today
in a way pretty cool.
Remember no booping without consent.
All right.
Thank you to our soccer.
And, uh, we look forward to the boops on your stream and just a little later for live listeners.
So thanks.
Have a good one.
All right.
And Loki, how about your final thought?
Uh, my final thought is if you haven't already go subscribe to my YouTube channel, uh, username
Loki O R and check out my new video.
I've watched that, uh, time-lapse video that I filmed in there several times.
It syncs up so well to the music.
I love it.
Go check it out.
I made in Django city.
All right.
You know what you need to add to your channel though?
If you want to try to get more people, add some of your funny ass rants on things like
to your channel.
I think, I think you'd get a lot of just other, other audience that comes in non-Minecraft
people.
You got to reach the non-Minecraft crowd somehow, but yes.
All right.
Uh, check it out.
I, of course I encourage all of our folks to check it out.
Of course, of course you'll learn to love Minecraft with Loki.
Uh, I guess I'll plug my channel too.
I was very bad in broadcasting last week.
I promise I have a good reason.
I'm not going to talk about it right now, but I've just had a lot going on this last
week.
Um, but I I'm going to really try to get back on the wagon next week because I was doing
so good with my post-work streams.
So I'll plug myself at Rob Roberts here on Twitch.
Oh, and Twitter.
I fucking love Twitter.
Just follow me on Twitter at Mr Rob Roberts, Mr Rob Roberts.
Um, yeah, that's it.
That's going to do it for tonight's show.
Thank you.
Um, we'll be back to do it again.
I can't believe like it's November, 2021.
Like this time since we flipped to virtual has just flown by like this whole pandemic
stuff.
I get my booster next week.
That's exciting.
I got mine on Friday.
Congrats.
Did you get boosted with J and J or did you get something else?
No, Moderna.
I know you hate shots.
So that does take a lot.
I do hate shots.
Well, congrats.
Thank you for doing it.
It's like literally felt nothing from it.
My arm was very mildly sore the next day.
Oh, you didn't get it.
You didn't get any side effects from Moderna otherwise?
That's good.
Because I got no side effects.
I am good.
I'm getting tic-tac-toe with Moderna.
So I'm getting a Moderna shot on, uh, Thursday, I think.
No, no.
Thursday's a holiday.
So I think I might get it Tuesday.
I don't know.
I don't fucking know time anymore.
So but I'm going to get tic-tac-toe.
So I'll have Moderna, Moderna, Moderna.
So because that is my love of Dolly Parton and the vaccine
that she helped fund.
It's like getting the Moderna vaccine.
Get the vaccines.
We're fine.
You will be too.
And yes, Bobby Blackwell says, follow the VOG Network
Twitter as well.
Of course.
I just figured you already were at VOG Network.
Yes, yes.
All right.
Tic-tac-toe Derna.
Yes.
And Garth says that's Moderna is the half dose.
All right.
It's not vaccine launch radio.
It's Orange launch radio.
No, I'm sorry.
I didn't get Moderna.
I got Pfizer.
Oh, I confused myself.
Liar.
So I did get the Pfizer one and I felt nothing.
But the point is you got the booster.
I did.
You did.
All right.
Awesome.
Get vaccinated so we can have conventions again.
So we can have tournaments again.
We can have arcades again.
We've got to end this fucking pandemic.
At least where you're if you're going to, if you're
because I realize there are there is a very, very small
amount of people who literally can't get vaccinated
because, like, you know, they were recently on a medication
or something.
At least wear your masks.
Choose smart.
That's it.
I'll get off my soapbox.
We're going to end this episode.
We'll do another episode of Orange launch radio next week.
Who knows what rants we have in store.
We'll see what the gaming industry does to us over the
next seven days.
Listen to the Ubisoft employees.
Fire Yves Guumont.
That's not what they're saying, but that's what I'm saying.
Good night.
You've been listening to orange lounge radio.
Orange lounge radio is a production of OLR studios to
join us for a live show.
Tune into fog network.com Sunday nights at 6 p.m.
Pacific, 9 p.m.
Eastern.
The views and opinions expressed in this program do not
necessarily reflect those of the staff of orange lounge
radio or fog network, but you know, they were all still true.
See you next week.
Bye.
