It's another week in a very wild gaming world with all manner of continuing stories,
new rumors, new deals, old new deals, and plenty more.
My favorite headline?
Sony teasing that they're not out of the mobile space yet, but they are back in the
position of having to play catch up.
We hope the holiday was great for those who celebrate, and for those who didn't, we
hope the sales were helpful.
But they're over yet, of course.
Now it's time for your hosts, Rob Roberts, Jamie Summers, and Loki with this week's gaming
news, starting right now on the show where every gamer has a voice.
Hello, my friends on the internet, and welcome back to another week of the show where every
gamer has a voice.
It is Orange Lounge Radio, and we are live once again with episode number 893 of our
show for this November the 28th of 2021.
My name is Rob Roberts, and I am joined live on this Sunday evening post-Thanksgiving and
first night of Hanukkah with my co-host.
Say hello to Dark Sakura or Jamie Summers.
Sup.
Hi, how are you?
I'm okay.
Happy Hanukkah.
Happy Hanukkah.
Yeah.
How was your Thanksgiving festivities and celebration?
It was all right.
Dan got a kidney stone.
Oh, no.
Oh, I know we were texting about that, so I was confirmed that's what it was?
Oh, bummer.
Pretty much.
I mean, and I think he passed it because he doesn't hurt anymore, so...
Well, that's good.
Yeah.
Yeah.
So I was taking care of him, and then I had to go to Ikea today, which makes me regret
every single choice in my life that led up to that moment.
That's like a kidney stone of the soul.
Well hello, Tech Master Loki, there with the witty little one-liners we're used to, and
I hope you're doing well as well.
Happy Hanukkah to you and the Mrs. as well, Loki.
Thank you.
So, I gotta go back to Dark Sakura for a minute with the whole Ikea thing.
Did you at least get to reward yourself with meatballs or something lemon berry flavored?
No.
No.
Oh, that's a question.
Because the eatery thing, they didn't even have cinnamon rolls ready.
What?
What?
And I was like, so I made another mistake.
I went to Taco Bell for the first time in four years.
Oh, boy.
Yeah.
And...
Yeah.
I ate half of the quesadilla.
And I further regretted my life's decisions that led up to that particular moment.
I gave the rest of it to Dan, who's like, okay, I'm fine.
Great.
Del Taco is far superior.
Let it be known.
You know, the supply chain issues are very serious when Ikea does not have cinnamon rolls
on time.
This is like...
It wasn't that they had just been sold out and they had another batch baking and I didn't
want to wait for it.
Going to our chat, because of course, we do tape live every Sunday night at the Voice
of Geeks Network, twitch.tv slash vog network.
That's V-O-G network.
It's six o'clock Pacific, nine o'clock Eastern, right after the Bobby Black Wolf show.
Hey, folks listening on the podcast feed, consider following us on Twitch.
We really would appreciate it.
We do some special stuff outside Sunday nights once in a while.
I know we have a special coming up soon.
We'll talk a little bit about that later.
But SHO 100 Mountain Chat says, oh, I like Ikea, but your soul is ripped from you every
moment you're there.
Never feel more drained than being in an Ikea for two hours.
Yeah.
I get claustrophobia because it's hard to find your way out.
That's the thing about Ikea.
You can literally get lost in there.
And it's a little disorienting.
Ugh.
Um, Loki, how are you?
How was your Thanksgiving?
Uh, busy.
I just, you know, uh, we went over to my mama's house and had dinner there and just been playing
and you're an entertainer for the kids the entire week.
Well, it's an important role that somebody's got to do it, but they go back to school tomorrow,
right?
Yes, thankfully.
There's that.
Oh, you had, didn't you have the week off to work on your, uh, like videos and stuff?
Yeah, I did.
So I have been still working on that actually.
Um, cause so next week on Tuesday actually is one 18.
That's when the new update comes out for Minecraft.
And so around that time, the servers are going to be resetting.
So you know, our server on a collusion, I'm, I know they're talking about it.
Must be in another chat other than the discord I'm in, cause I don't see much conversation
going on.
Um, with NerdCraft, I know that they're talking about restarting soon as well.
So it's basically time to kind of wrap up my series.
And so I've been working on the last, um, episode of my series.
So I finished my builds.
I, um, I've been touring the entire server, trying to figure out who everyone's bases
belong to, um, because we didn't have a really good system for that.
So I've been just trying to like forensically figure out who's base belongs to what and
get like some shots of them and like trying to put that all together.
So that's, what's been taken up a ton of my time recently.
Cause there's like so many, we had 70 people on the server, like whitelisted on there.
Not necessarily that they all played or played for a long time, but there's bases everywhere
and it's hard to know what belongs to what.
So I've been just doing my best to try to capture all of them, but I'm sure I'm going
to miss something, but yeah.
So that's what I've been working on recently is just that I've got, like, so all my builds
are done now.
Um, I just need to actually, I need to film my, the last part of my builds.
I'm not necessarily doing a time-lapse cause I don't have time for that, but just capture
like kind of all the stuff that I built and everything and then, um, just wrap it up.
So probably have one more episode left and that's it for this, this season.
Looking forward to that.
Um, and, uh, next week is a pretty big week in gaming for us here at OLR cause you've
got Minecraft, you got a big patch in Minecraft for that and all the content you do, uh, Final
Fantasy XIV Heavensward early access this Friday.
So by this time next week, I'll finally be playing a new XIV expansion.
Very exciting for me.
I'm so ready for it.
Yes, you might recall, we talked a couple of weeks ago about how it was delayed by two
whole weeks.
So they're really putting the finishing touches on it now.
So we're in that period where I should be playing Endwalker, but I'm not, but that's
okay because I'm not a dick when it comes to delayed games.
It is what it is.
Uh, so, but it'll be, it'll be nice to finally be playing that and, uh, well hopefully Dark
Soccer gets something too.
Have they, uh, have they announced the release date for that cool new killer, the artist
in Dead by Daylight?
Is that Tuesday?
I think like tomorrow.
Okay.
So everybody's getting something.
Yeah.
You get DLC and you get DLC and you get DLC.
I also do have Final Fantasy XIV, you know.
Oh, that's true.
I just, I know you, you don't put in as many hours as I do.
Yeah.
I think it's really, I think it's really cool of them to make Prince a new killer in Dead
by Daylight.
I mean, that to be really interesting.
Oh yeah.
The artist.
Yes.
This is the polar opposite of Prince.
Although I wouldn't mind a killer with like a guitar type of thing.
I don't know how that would work, but I would, we already have Kate and she's a killer enough.
Oh yeah.
All Kate's are toxic.
All right.
All Kate's are toxic.
Anyhow, we'll talk more about the games we play in a little bit, but first I want to
get into our kickoff topic tonight.
I'm going to be honest.
It's probably going to be a shorter show here tonight just because with Thanksgiving going
on in the U S and I hope everybody out there had a great Thanksgiving, whatever you ended
up doing.
We had a very small gathering because I didn't talk about mine.
We had a very small gathering with my dad.
It's literally just the three of us, but how's your dad doing?
He's good.
It's really nice to see him and spend a little time with him and he's, he's had some ups
and I guess I'll just say a friend of his passed away and you know, it's just, it, it's
rough when, you know, well, how do I phrase this?
Like, you know, when you watch those older than you, especially in their eighties, like
my dad is where it's like my friends are passing away, like that's just really tough to watch
and so forth.
Another one of his friends is in a home and dad, if you're watching, I'm sorry, but I'm
thinking you know, it does, it does gets worse and I absolutely feel for it.
I remember my grandmom losing a lot of friends, so, so, but I was sometimes my dad watches,
so I'm sorry if you had to hear that, but I just means I'm thinking of my dad and I'm
really treasuring the holiday time that we do get to spend together and so forth.
He will pop in on his iPad once in a while, so I want to make sure I say that as well.
As well you should.
Yes, as well I should.
So where was I going with that?
So oh yes, so I hope you all had a great Thanksgiving as well, although I know we do.
We are fortunate enough to have international listeners.
We have people in Canada, Mexico, Australia, all the various countries in Europe, all over.
We have listeners everywhere around the globe and we're very thankful for that.
So I know not everybody had Thanksgiving, but I hope you had a great week and everybody's
starting to get Black Friday for whatever crazy capitalist reasons.
So if that's a thing you're into, I hope you got some good deals.
I know Cyber Monday coming up is a big thing as well.
I suppose Steam sales are something, you know, or whatever online shop you choose to go to.
I'm sure if no one special was in chat right now, he'd be reminding us, oh, there's these
other stores too, not just Steam.
But you know, with all those online sales, I think it's pretty hard to resist a lot of
great deals in gaming right now.
So I hope you're finding some good deals wherever you are throughout the world.
And if you see some good deals on Xbox Game Pass Ultimate, let me know, because that Amazon
one sold out before I could get one, although a good tip from Bobby's show, because we do
tape live every Sunday night at 6 o'clock Pacific, 9 o'clock Eastern, right after the
Bobby Black Wolf show at VOG Network.
And Bobby was saying on his show tonight that, hey, if you can't find an ultimate Game Pass
Ultimate card, get an Xbox Live Gold card if you see a good deal, because those convert
at about a third, because they're about a third of the price.
So like if you get a year of gold, it'll convert to like four months of ultimate.
So yeah, if I find a good deal for that, heck yeah, I would do that as well.
Anyhow, I want to here at the top of the show, get into our kickoff topic, which goes back
to our roots a little bit here at Orange Lounge Radio and a little company we've really followed
their up and downs over the years.
And that's a company called Harmonix.
And I talk about the ups.
I remember, and I'm sure Dark Soccer and Loki remember fondly when Harmonix was a vendor
in Kensho Hall at E3 that was showing off their guitars that they were making for import
Japanese games like Guitar Freaks.
But these guitars had five buttons on them for some reason that we didn't know, because
if you didn't know the Japanese Guitar Freaks game, they only use three buttons.
And we always, why are there five buttons?
And of course, we found out years later, oh, Harmonix got into bigger and better things.
They had some downs when they published in the groove.
And that's no shit.
You know, we had Kyle on the show years ago and, you know, we talked out a lot of our,
you know, kind of things we can see on the back of Harmonix published in the groove.
If I remember right.
Somebody correct me if I'm wrong.
I'm always positive.
I thought that was Red Octane that did that.
Am I confusing Harmonix and Red Octane?
I sure am.
I think you're confusing Red Octane with them.
Yeah, Red Octane published in the groove.
I sure am.
And I was thinking, why am I confusing them?
Did they work together on something else?
They must have.
Oh, boy, my grandpa games kicking in.
They had to have collaborated on something because I remember associating this.
Oh, it was it was OK.
I was it was Guitar Hero because Red Octane did those original peripherals for the harmonix
game.
That part.
That's where I'm bleeding it together there.
Yeah.
Bobby Blackwell says Red Octane did the hardware.
Harmonix did the software.
OK, put very so.
OK, so I'm not completely off base and just a little.
Yeah.
For the original.
This was before Activision or any of that stuff.
Yeah.
So anyway, so harmonix, then, of course, their big breakthrough stuff was on the PlayStation
two.
They had frequency and amplitude.
And then they got into, if I remember right, karaoke revolution and some of those, I think
the first karaoke revolution was harmonix developed.
Right.
I know Konami published it, but I think the early ones were done by them and they they
did a lot.
So, OK, thank you.
Bobby says, yes, Activision bought Red Octane, who had the Guitar Hero IP, which is why harmonix
was bought by MTV and did rock band.
That's how that all went down.
That whole thing.
Thank you.
OK.
So I was only a little crazy.
But harmonix, obviously, you know, we have been following whether correctly or not for
the past many, many years of this show.
I remember when Guitar Hero first came out, you guys were on the news about it.
I wasn't because I couldn't be there that day.
I think that clip is still on YouTube somewhere.
Is that where the Loki it's no, no, no.
That is not where the Loki it's so much fun clip comes from.
That was a different that was the one I was there for when they talked about podcasting
and we were in it.
But there's that there's a clip out there because they went to Jamie's house.
You remember this?
And they did the Guitar Hero interview and you guys got to play it.
And it was on the news and all that stuff.
So that was cool.
And then that's pretty fun.
Yeah.
Yeah.
It was it was it was nice when people gave a shit about what we had to say.
But harmonix, you know, they've they've had some ups and downs.
They developed some pretty cool stuff, you know, in VR.
But then not everything took off.
Like they tried to do a music game shooter that didn't end up get really taken up off
the ground.
I personally was not a fan of the Kickstarter frequency game.
I know other people were.
I still wanted to see harmonix do very well.
Well, and then some could argue they have done very well.
They have they have been sold.
This week is the news is that Epic has purchased harmonix.
And it actually goes a step further because we know exactly why Epic bought harmonix,
because it actually says in a statement that the Fortnite folks put out or Epic put out
is that harmonix will continue to support the existing slate of games.
So there will still be rock band stuff.
There will still be Fuser stuff.
And anything that's still on Steam will be there.
But Epic and harmonix will now be collaborating on music based enhancements for Fortnite,
which at first glance, you probably go, what the fuck?
Fortnite is a is a shooty shooty bang bang game.
But of course, you might recall about six or seven weeks here ago on the show, maybe
longer.
Time is a construct.
So we were talking about the Ariana Grande concert in Fortnite.
And I was mentioning how, you know, considering Fortnite has this reputation as battle royale
shooty shooty bang bang.
This Ariana Grande concert was actually one of the neater things that got me to kind of
turn my head and pay attention to what Fortnite was doing, because it essentially was an interactive
music video is what they did.
And it just kind of used the Fortnite engine and the Fortnite world to kind of do that.
So when you look at something like that, and then you think, oh, harmonix is going
to be working with music based stuff.
I also think about Fusor and how, you know, Fusor and its predecessor drop mix the in
person game, how those two were really good at like blending music together and letting
you do your own type of musical type of experience like, you know, the the music that you end
up making in Fusor is kind of rad.
Like it's fun like to play with those old songs, right?
So to think that some of that could be what Fortnite, I mean, we don't know exactly what
they are doing for Fortnite, but it could be something along those lines where you're
making the own your own soundtrack to your own experience.
And possibly as people are building their own worlds and, you know, doing the things
that they're doing in Fortnite besides just battle royale, maybe folks are going to be
able to leverage harmonic types of tools, harmonix types of tools to build their own
soundtracks and musical experiences and build their own Ariana Grande concerts within Fortnite.
That's kind of what I take from this announcement.
I don't know.
Loki, what did you think about the whole thing?
I mean, it's just.
I'm glad, you know, honestly, I'm kind of glad that someone bought them because, like,
I don't know what they've been doing recently.
I don't know if they would have the financial backing to last much longer.
I mean, it just doesn't seem like that they're kind of the heyday harmonics that we used
to know.
So it'd be good to have the financial backing of Epic and hopefully Epic just lets them
kind of do what they want to do and be creative, kind of like how they've done with like, oh,
gosh, Rocket League and that kind of stuff where they own them, but they're kind of doing
their own thing.
So I'm curious to see what they kind of do with that, because, you know, Harmonics is
a very creative company.
And, you know, they've been doing a lot of creative things.
Chat would like to remind you Fuser is a recent release, but I will give you the fact that
Fuser was essentially a port of drop mix, you know, of sorts.
But anyway, just to be fair, they have been putting out things recently.
Right.
Yeah.
And I know they have, but I don't think they've been like wildly successful, like, say, Rock
Band was or something like that.
I mean, sure.
Sure.
Probably not necessarily.
Nothing's going to be.
Yeah, right.
Exactly.
So I would say, though, it's good to see that they have a financial backing of a company
like that.
Hopefully that allows them to be able to make some of these things that they haven't been
able to get off the ground.
We don't have to do any more kickstarters for games and stuff like that.
They can just make and publish the stuff that they want to make.
Sure.
It may be under like the Fortnite brand or something like that.
But Fortnite has been getting kind of creative on its own with different things.
So it wouldn't be surprising that they incorporate something with that, because it is a huge
brand.
Well, and I wonder if harmonics is concept of the music game shooter.
And I'm sorry, I forgot what it was called.
Something about.
I don't remember somebody in chat will remember, but maybe there are concepts from that that
were interesting because, you know, let's say, OK, Fortnite is a shooty shooty bang bang.
Maybe they want to do a music mode type of thing to draw in a different audience that
tends to write off Fortnite as a shooty shooty bang bang game.
So maybe they are trying to partner up with companies that do radically different things
to bring radically different experiences to Fortnite.
And maybe, you know, I know I'm reaching here, but maybe some of that music game shooter
stuff will have its day after all in Fortnite.
Going to some comments from chat over at twitch.tv slash vog network as we are taping live tonight,
SG100Matt says, I guess I'm OK with Epic buying them.
If it was EA, they would be dissolved or forced to work on a battlefield game.
I guess they're going to be working on Fortnite, but it could be worse.
Yeah, it could be worse, especially, you know, if you're I don't know, I have my ups and
downs with Epic.
There's a lot of things I like that Epic does.
There's a lot of things I don't like that Epic does.
And namely, it's Tim Sweeney's Twitter account.
But that's a whole other topic for a different day.
Yeah, I mean, I would like to see Fortnite as far as the whole metaverse concept, right,
which seems to be this big thing we're moving into in the 20s.
Everybody wants to it's the metaverse in 20s.
Literally that company called Meta that I'm still calling Facebook wants to do it.
Niantic has talked about their wanting to do it.
Fortnite wants to do it in their own way.
And these are all three very different approaches to the metaverse.
And there's other companies wanting to do this as well.
As long as they all stay the fuck away from NFTs.
Tigerclaw in chat says, what if Valve were to buy them?
Well, that would have been cool.
But OK, you want to talk about a company that really hasn't done any games lately.
Let's talk about Valve.
Well, I guess there was Half-Life Alyx, but how long did that take?
How long did that take?
We're all bitter that there's no Portal 3 or Half-Life 3 or anything 3.
So yeah.
Dr. C says, I agree with Rob.
I wonder if they'll do something like that in Fortnite.
I suppose only time will tell, but we know Fortnite craves those musical experiences
as evidenced by the variety.
It's not just Ariana Grande.
That's just the one that got my attention as a gay.
I have to support that.
But there's lots of what Travis Scott had a concert in Fortnite, too.
There's been countless.
I remember there was a Weezer album that debuted in Fortnite because I actually looked at that
level and that whole thing.
It actually got me to look.
So I'm curious to see what music can do to change the conversation of Fortnite from its
just Battle Royale.
I think that could be very interesting.
So we'll see.
And best of luck to everyone at Harmonix.
I just hope this doesn't mean layoffs or any of this garbage.
I hope it means more people and more folks to help on all that stuff.
Because we know Epic has oodles and oodles of money.
Speaking of Epic and that whole thing, Dark Soccer, relevant to your interest, certainly,
and I'm sure you're already aware, Dead by Daylight is going to be free on the Epic store
next week because this is the big launch of Dead by Daylight on the Epic store.
It's not there yet.
But apparently it is going to be cross purchases with Steam, Stadia.
I think that's it.
Because Switch isn't in on that.
Steam and Stadia are the only two that have.
Oh, Windows Store.
Windows Store.
I forgot.
Windows Store doesn't have the tie in to the behavior account.
You are right.
Stadia and Steam do right now.
You are right.
Sorry.
I was thinking about the postgame chat and how they do have that.
But anyway, that's that's totally different.
Yeah, no, but and actually the thing is, is that it's really just cross progression.
I still had to buy all my DLC on Steam and Stadia.
I didn't know that.
Gross.
Well, cross progression is nice, at least, I guess.
So well, yeah.
And for those of you that I think all of my in-game purchases, like my cosmetics and whatnot,
those carry over with me.
OK, that makes sense.
Probably everything original probably carries over.
Just not the license stuff is probably the tricky thing with that.
No, the license stuff should carry over, I mean, because I bought the Stranger Things
DLC on Steam.
Oh, nice.
So I'll have that on both because I paid for them on both.
But my in-game stuff, because I bought, you know, Jonathan Byers as one of my characters,
you know, the skin for Steve.
I should have I have all of the Stranger Things content and it should carry over.
I just don't have a PC I can test it on.
Fair.
Unless we logged into my Steam account or something on your computer to test it out.
I don't know.
Yeah.
Well, if you're if you're sick of hearing Dark Sakura and I talk about Dead by Daylight
all the time, this is this this is your chance to see if it's for you because it and for
whatever reason, you don't have Game Pass either and have checked it out that way.
It will be free on the Epic Store next week.
So you can keyboard and mouse away or plug in a controller, do it that way, whatever.
So there you go.
I guess there is that particular PSA about that.
But yeah, Epic Games has bought Harmonix.
So we will see how this partnership develops, but it's probably going to be several months
before we see any of that result.
Let's move on and talk about our gaming weeks and the types of video games that we have
been playing this week.
Dark Sakura, we'll start with you.
How was your gaming week?
I played Dead by Daylight and it's double XP this weekend.
And what else did I do?
I've played Wordscapes, I've played Fantasian.
That's really about it.
I picked up Slave Aspire and I bought some PC games, hoping that they would work on the
sale going on right now.
Oh, geez, sorry, I hit the wrong thing and it decided to also not work.
Right now there is so much going on that it's a little bit hard to get everything in line
and get everything going with all the other games that are on my list to play.
I could check my Steam purchase history real quick and tell you what I bought.
Your Steam backlog has been growing.
I've also been buying apps on Steam, like the Discord bot creator.
Oh, I didn't even know that was a thing.
Oh, yeah, there's plenty of good apps on Steam.
I've bought music makers, specifically the Discord app.
I didn't know that was a thing.
I never would have thought to look for that.
But I know they have game engine creator things, some of the big game maker stuff is on Steam.
What I just bought is Tempest 4000 and Yara's Revenge, they're both on sale.
Gorgoa, Jedi Knight, Jedi Academy, Discord bot studio, Dimension Drive and Easy Pose for drawing.
I also picked up Kung Fury Street Rage.
Why not?
And I did get Poppy Playtime.
Oh, no, I still need to play that.
So soon, soon, soon.
I also did because it's for Mac.
I got Planescape Torment.
I'm actually thinking about playing it on Steam.
Yeah, cool.
All right, Loki, how about you?
How was your gaming week?
I didn't play a whole ton other than Minecraft.
I did play Minecraft Dungeons, though, because we took the kids to the local skating rink
and they've upgraded all their arcade games.
And so now they have the Minecraft Dungeons arcade game, which is pretty fun.
And what's neat about that one is not only is it, you know, it kind of reminds me a lot
of like the old Gauntlet Legends games, but you get like cards from the game every time
you play it.
And you can use the cards like scan into basically get different armor sets and different like
so you have like a armor set, a melee weapon, a ranged weapon and a familiar.
And so you can scan those in to get different like pets and stuff.
So it's pretty cool.
It's like a collection of cards from playing that.
Hmm.
That sounds like Derby Owners Club or Initial D in the arcade back in the day.
Yeah.
Yeah, a little bit like that.
But yeah, you get cards every time.
And that's been is pretty fun.
So I guess I'll just have to play the actual game that I own first.
I don't know why I'm playing in the arcade when I can just play it at home.
But yeah, I miss I miss Dark Sakura's File of Horses.
She had this big old thing that you unzipped and plop.
It's it was probably for like baseball cards or other types of trading cards.
It was a billfold, like cards tall.
But it was like, let's let me whip out one of my horses and, you know, thumbing through
the pages.
Oh, there's there's Polteri.
There's, you know, and all these horses that she had.
I just cracked me up.
The Derby Owners Club hardcore, though, like all had that all had that it was always funny
to watch.
So I had all those those names.
Pod Culture is mentioning the Injustice arcade game was kind of like that, too, with character
cards.
Interesting.
I guess at least you get something.
Yeah.
Something besides tickets.
I'm not sure this is going to come over on the webcam when we try.
But I got I got my magazine.
Oh, yeah.
The magazine you were featured in over in the UK.
Congrats on that.
Yes.
Yes.
I got that.
I got a few copies of that.
So we got.
Yeah.
That's sweet.
What did they do?
Did they mention O.L.R.?
No.
And they also never mind.
All right.
No, just kidding.
They took some liberties with trying to figure out what the story of the game was, even though
I did send them a synopsis of it.
So apparently now the game does actually take place in New York.
It is canon now because of the I guess because the first level Central Park, you know, they
assume that, oh, well, let's go to New York.
Yeah.
It must be New York.
And yeah.
So I thought it was kind of funny.
Yeah.
It's.
Yeah.
And they were so confident about it, too, like they're like, you know, the game sees
you take control of a guy who doesn't just like people jogging in his city, New York,
to be precise.
Like, OK.
Oh, wow.
York now.
All right.
I guess somebody else wrote your game.
That's fine.
But yeah, it's cool.
They're just like, oh, an American made it.
It's in New York.
Yeah.
It's just it's all good.
You know what?
It doesn't matter.
It can be in New York.
It can be in your hometown, whatever you want it to be, whatever you whatever your head
cannon says it is.
Exactly.
You can you can pixel poop wherever you like, of course.
Well, congratulations on the magazine feature.
That's really cool.
And that's that's cool shit magazine over in the UK.
So hopefully folks overseas, I don't know if they can go into like a Barnes and Noble
type thing.
Yeah.
You can.
Yeah, I'm not sure.
I mean, it's a very nice magazine.
I have to say, like, if I actually saw this in the store, like I would definitely pick
it up.
It's like very premium feeling.
Cool.
It's pretty cool.
They've got like reviews of like old toys and like old movies and all sorts of weird
stuff in here.
So it's like really cool.
Are you saying it's full of cool shit?
It is full.
Yes.
All right.
If you want to order that online, if you're in the US or somewhere else, you want to order
that.
Loki did put a link on his Twitter over at Twitter dot com slash Loki O.L.R. if you want
to follow up on that and order yourself some cool shit.
My gaming week.
So like everybody else, you know, the holidays and everything kind of got in the way.
So I haven't played a lot.
I play I've also been doing Dead by Daylight, kind of like our soccer has been trying to
enjoy the double blood point event.
I finally prestiged Cheryl slash James today up to level one.
So I have to start them over.
Why did I prestige?
I don't know.
It's the thing to do, I guess.
So I've been working on that.
I only have two prestigious.
Yeah, I have I have Dwight prestige.
I don't think I have any killers.
So it's something I because I hate how you lose everything, but that's part of it.
I've still been playing Final Fantasy 14.
I'm trying to finish up that Moogle tome event because I want that leather jacket.
I've gotten all the mounts I need.
I've gotten the pets, everything else.
But it's that hundred tome leather jacket.
And it's like, oh, the awful grind of having to do Praetorium or something like that over
and over again to get the tomes.
But hey, I'll get there and I will get my leather jacket to complete my look for Endwalker
on Friday.
I hope this doesn't mean the game is down all day Thursday.
They haven't really said or at least I've missed it if there was all day maintenance,
but I'm assuming there has to be before an expansion releases.
So I guess that is going to come quick and fast this this week as we lead up to Friday's
early access for Endwalker.
The other big game I've honestly been playing a lot of this weekend is No Man's Sky, which
I have talked about plenty on this show before.
Why am I back on this bullshit again?
Well, because No Man's Sky announced that they are going to be repeating the different
expeditions.
So these seasonal events, you know, we kind of took to mean seasonal, meaning if you miss
it, you're going to miss it forever and you won't be able to get these rewards again.
Well, it's actually kind of neat because during this kind of slower holiday period between,
you know, from Thanksgiving until New Year's, you know, you have all these holidays going
on.
It is kind of interesting how the team over at Hello Games has just decided, well, let's
repeat the original expeditions for a shorter time so that those that missed them can catch
up on them.
So because I never finished Expedition One, I did two and three.
I didn't do one and four completely.
So I am trying to like put the pedal to the metal, so to speak, and try to finish Expedition
One to get my rewards.
And then I'll be able to sit out two and three while I'm busy playing the Final Fantasy 14
expansion and then move on to Expedition Four when that recaps towards the end of the year.
So I've been playing quite a bit of that trying to finish up Expedition One.
I am further than I was the first time, but they also compressed the expeditions a little
bit.
So they all they start on new planets.
That was the first thing I noticed.
It's not the exact same as it was before.
And they've cut down some of the grinds.
So I remember before, I think you had to do like 10 freighter missions, but now you only
have to do three.
And I think there were some other things that you had to do a lot more of.
Like I think there were 10 artifacts and now again, you only have to do three.
So I think they did cut down a bunch of stuff to fit the two-week timeframe.
But if you're going to get into this because of what I'm saying and I'm letting you know
the expeditions are back and you're like, oh, I want to finish Expedition One too.
You need to start now because you're like today, because there are some things that
you grind that you're not going to get done by Friday if you wait until Thursday to do
it.
Like the three freighter missions is going to be impossible.
You're not going to be able to do three of the five freighter missions because they're
going to be too difficult for your brand new freighter.
So just something to think about and all that as you are going into No Man's Sky.
I'm also really excited because Alan has picked up No Man's Sky again from this.
So he's doing Expedition One right now, although he's playing on Steam and something bugged
out on him that made him really frustrated.
Like he couldn't get the frigate for free that you're supposed to get, so he had to
buy it.
Like really frustrating.
It didn't happen to me on Xbox Series X where I'm playing.
So he's been doing that, but he's really big on now he can do that Normandy mission that
he missed because that was Expedition Two was the one and it was only up for two or
three weeks the first time.
And that's the one that rewarded the Normandy at the end.
Now keep in mind, you don't get to fly the Normandy.
You don't really get to tour the Normandy, you can fly around it and look at it up close
and all that stuff.
But that's it.
It is just another addition to your fleet that's purely cosmetic.
So it's not going to be suddenly No Man's Mass Effect.
It's just a very simple little artistic crossover.
And they do like Paragon and Renegade titles and other throws to the Mass Effect universe.
That's really it.
But I still think it's cool and as a uber fan of both those games, but I already did
it the first time.
I don't need to do it again, but I'm excited that Alan, who is an uber fan of at least
Mass Effect and trying to get back to No Man's Sky can do both those things now.
So yeah, I will probably stream at some point this week.
I'm going to try and get back into my regular post-work streams.
I have been playing actually a lot of mobile gaming as well still.
I was going pretty hard on Ingress because they were doing double AP, but that is winding
up tomorrow and it's been really good for exercise.
I've been trying to get more exercise lately with everything I've talked about in the prior
weeks on this show and Pikmin actually.
Alan and I went on a walk today in Pikmin and you know, in Pikmin you can plant flowers.
That's kind of the thing that you do.
And we planted blue pansies, both of us, and we walked around the park and we walked around
the bud, the flower bud at the park so many times.
We got it to spawn a blue rose and I haven't even seen that that game has blue roses.
I knew it had red roses.
I'd seen screen caps of that and I saw it in San Francisco.
I have never seen a blue rose in that game anywhere online.
Granted, I don't do a lot of reading on Pikmin Blue, but we got one to spawn here today and
that was really exciting.
So if you're trying to play in that game, get a lot, a lot of pansies planted instead
of the regular flowers.
And I think it increases your chances at spawning a rose and yes, it dropped rose petals.
So I got blue rose petals, but only like a few.
So yeah, so lots of mobile gaming, but that's been very good for exercising too.
I just have to say like you, I know many of you can kind of give or take Pikmin Bloom
and I'm not trying to pretend that the game is like, oh my God, it's the most amazing
thing that's ever happened, but it has gamified exercising and walking for me at a time that
I really needed it.
I got 10,000 steps Friday, Saturday, and I think one other day this week.
So I didn't get it today because I let myself rest a little bit, but I'll probably get 5,000
because I'll probably go on a walk after the show.
So it's been very, very, very good for incentivizing all that.
So thanks to Niantic, who liked my tweet about the blue rose, by the way, Niantic actually
liked that.
I thought that was cute.
Yeah.
All right.
Let's move on.
We're going to get into some stories for the week again, with it being Thanksgiving in
the US this week, there wasn't a lot of news, but there's still some things going on in
the gaming world we thought we'd bring to the table tonight.
So Loki, why don't you start us off with our first story?
All right.
So let's go ahead and talk about this drama that's going on with Roblox and not necessarily
that Roblox is being sued by a company, especially for, you know, unfair payment of their developers.
But no, this is actually Roblox suing somebody on the platform.
So there's this guy, Ruben Sim, who's been accused of sexual harassment, terrorist threats,
and trying to post pictures of Hitler on there.
Apparently, he has been doing this for a while, it sounds like.
So back in...
He's garbage.
Yeah.
Some of the things he's done.
So he glamorized the April 3rd, 2018 active shooter and murder at YouTube headquarters
and said that something similar should happen to the Roblox headquarters in San Mateo.
He attempted to upload a nude image of himself with only a lampshade covering him.
All sorts of different slurs.
He tried to upload a sex game and upload pictures of Hitler.
So apparently also used his subscribers to try to do other things as well.
So yeah, it's just a piece of trash.
And so now they are suing him for damages.
Good.
TBH.
Good.
Like, you know, I think heading into this, I was kind of like, well, that seems kind
of extreme.
Like you would go and sue a YouTuber that's like playing pranks, but I guess that they're
actually trying to break your game.
But now that you've explained what this individual is doing, and this really sounds like an unwell
individual in many senses, the word good, I'm actually totally team Roblox on this.
I think it's time to start making an example of some of these individuals that literally
think there is no repercussion for these sorts of things.
And also, I'm sorry, there's also another piece to it also.
He also made terrorist threats, basically that called in fake bomb threats to the Roblox
developers conference in San Francisco.
So there's that too.
This person is not well, but it certainly doesn't excuse any of this behavior.
And this person really deserves a wake up call of the highest regard.
And I think this lawsuit is the way to do it.
And quite frankly, for these extreme scenarios, especially, I hope to see more game companies
do it.
Good, good.
Bring it all out.
Bring out the facts in a court of law, put it on the public record.
Let these people know.
There is accountability somewhere for these actions.
It's what a lot of us have been begging for that stream and do this stuff on Twitch and
so forth when we hear about marginalized creators, whether it be black people, brown people,
different religious people streaming, whether it be gay, lesbian, transgender, non-binary,
you name it.
All these marginalized groups on Twitch, they all get targeted with swatting.
Women get targeted with swatting.
It's disgusting.
And we've been begging for accountability for these individuals.
The best news that ever happened was when Twitch sued the two people that were apparently
behind the Haas stuff, right?
Some time ago or something along those lines.
Hooray!
That was long overdue.
Hooray.
Yes.
It sucks that, like, you know, it's having to be handled in a civil courtroom as opposed
to a criminal one where it ought to be handled.
Some of these swatting incidents.
Well, and this guy's still got his channel of 700,000 subscribers on YouTube.
He's still platformed on YouTube because apparently they think this is OK.
I don't know.
Who the fuck would subscribe to something like I.
The fact that 700,000 people subscribe to that, I'm going to write off that there are
bot accounts of which there's usually many tied to something, but even still, even if
you have that and assume that 300,000 of them are real, that is far too many people.
And that's that says a lot about why society feels really broken sometimes.
And I don't know what else to say about that all the time.
I know.
I don't know what else to say about that on my little video game podcast with my friends.
Like I but just just marinate in that for a minute, 750,000 accounts, half of which
sure are probably bots and, you know, throwaways.
But at least half of that are following this person's content and essentially encouraging
and egging that on nude pictures, pictures of Hitler in a children's game.
Hmm. I don't know, I'm disgusted, too, and that's why I'm I'm actually kind of glad to
see Roblox suing them, throw the it should be a criminal trial, quite frankly.
It shouldn't be a civil trial, but you know how it goes sometimes with a criminal or the
criminal court won't do it.
Civil court will do it.
So anyway, yeah.
And I see a lot of folks in chat, Mike Deaf saying seven hundred thousand subs, the fuck.
Yeah, my reaction exactly.
I see seven hundred seventy four now, but.
Well, because of all the coverage this is getting, it's actually probably encouraging
more people with with such wonderful hits as swearing at Roblox admins with voice chat,
that that's one of his higher ranking videos of of late.
Just. Yeah, he's just constantly harassing people online.
Whatever happened to calling most tavern and asking for Mike last name hunt, whatever happened
to that, that is silly, ridiculous.
And the pain, you know, there's no you know, it goes away in 15 seconds.
It's a stupid fucking prank.
What? And then you're done.
What Loki's describing here is not a stupid fucking prank.
This is like like if you think about it.
Is psychological damage on children.
It is. It's disgusting and there's no excuse for it.
Absolutely not.
Fifth dream in chat with it, fifth dream in chat with a decent point, actually saying
caller ID happened, you know, and I realized the concept of Internet ID would be
controversial and I'm not even sure I am completely in favor of something like that.
However, there has to be some sort of accountability for people like this and for
people that are phoning in false SWAT reports and things of that nature.
Where's the accountability?
It's not until I and so I applaud Roblox for starting, even though I think it's a
ridiculous game and platform, but it's for kids, whatever.
It's not for me. I'm not the audience.
Fine. I applaud Roblox and thank them for taking this person to court and getting it
out in the open and putting it on public record, because that's where this has to be
solved, unfortunately.
Gross. Just so disgusted.
SSJ 100 Matt says he's doing it for the subs.
Whatever YouTube revenue he thought he was going to get is going to Roblox.
And quite honestly, I hope Roblox in turn donates it to a children's charity to try to
undo some of the damage this guy is doing, although I'm not going to put that pressure
on Roblox because they probably have to pay more admins and so forth to deal with
this bullshit. And that is understandable.
But E3VL in chat says, isn't there a two digit number you can press to be unknown caller
ID? I remember someone doing that in high school.
There is. But my understanding is it's still like it's really easy to trace calls now.
Like that's why a lot of the phone pranking like stopped, like that is because even though
you can block caller ID, it is very easy to get the phone records and figure out who's
doing it and have that complaint or whatever.
Uh, your overrated face in chat, welcome, by the way, I think that's a new name, says
Star 66.
Yeah, I thought it was I actually thought it was Star 69.
Nice. I think Star 69 is the call back.
Yeah. Oh, that was OK.
Nice. But like Star 70 or something was the I know it was probably different on every
phone company and what have you.
So anyway. Yeah, folks, it just folks in chat are lighting at 62, 62, just depending on
where you live. Anyway, fuck this guy especially.
And fuck people that are doing these these pranks that are way over the line again,
memeing and dead by daylight.
Is your refrigerator running?
That's one thing, these things that this guy's doing completely another and for the
money and the YouTube.
Yeah, I also think it's a problem that YouTube is not shutting this person down.
Gross. But I guess let's make money off those seven hundred thousand accounts and
donate it to children. That would be a lovely resolution.
Yeah. Meanwhile, let's talk about what could have been, but what is not in less
serious news, this is something that could have been for a video game series, but is
not. And that is Mortal Kombat.
And apparently it was rumored that Keanu Reeves was supposed to make an appearance in
Mortal Kombat at some point, whether Neo from The Matrix or John Wick or whatever
happened. This was answered in a fan video with Esquire to talk about The Matrix for
somebody had asked this whole thing.
And Keanu said, if it was up to me, no, Mortal Kombat is awesome in so many ways.
But I think, you know, Neo, John Wick, yeah, man, they're doing their own thing.
Mortal Kombat's doing their own thing.
So people are kind of having that fantasy because it is Warner Brothers that
essentially owns both the license.
So it would be easy, I suppose.
But of course, you have to get the likeness of the actor less easy.
And there's also nothing out there that actually says this was ever in discussion.
It's probably just one of those rumors that was out there or what have you or, you know,
somebody took wouldn't this be cool to something further?
But I can also like I can understand, you know, Mortal Kombat 10, 11.
They are some pretty violent games.
And like if you're Keanu Reeves, do you want to really see Scorpion cutting your head off
and setting you on fire and peeing on you and whatever else they do?
In that case, do you really want to see that happen?
Your likeness? Probably not.
So I, I understand why there are many actors and actresses who would probably say, you
know, I think we'll pass on this one for this.
Now, you know, there were some characters like Freddy, Jason didn't like Freddy showed
up in Mortal Kombat nine.
Right. And then, yeah, like the predator is in one of like a lot of silly movie
characters are in them, but they're usually masked or they don't like look like the
actor or anything like that.
They don't let them like when it was Joker, they didn't let him shoot somebody.
That was probably the arrangement with DC Comics in that particular game, because that's
why they had the whole brutality thing.
And it wasn't like there were no fatalities.
Yeah, nobody wants to see Wonder Woman get decapitated.
That would be disgusting. So like it wouldn't have fit in that universe, you know.
So I think that's why the brutalities were a little better.
And at least, you know, with the Joker thing, it kind of went off camera.
So you never really knew, like, was it a joke?
Who knows? So anyway.
Yeah, let's see.
Some folks in chat are still talking about the prank stuff and the callback stuff.
E3VL is saying at least two times a week, someone wants to know about my car's extended
warranty. Oh, my God.
That is those those calls are out of control, as are the spam texts.
I get them. I kid you not.
Every day, every day.
OK, if you reply stop.
But then they know they know somebody's looking, I forward them to the thing, Rob.
They are legally required if you say stop to stop all further communications, it's like a
do not call list.
Where do I report that if they don't?
I'm serious because I'm so sick of these texts.
That would be the the FCC.
I've been forwarding them all to the AT&T has a number maybe folks don't know this, but
this is unique to AT&T.
I don't other carriers probably have a similar thing, but AT&T has seventy seven twenty
six, which is if you spell spam, you forward the message and then it says, thanks for
reporting this. What number did you get it from?
And then it says, thanks. We'll look into it.
Of course, nothing's happened, but I liked I like to feel like if I reported enough times,
something will happen.
So, well, sadly, that's not quite the case.
Yeah, no, I know. I know.
TigerCon chats is the problem with the spam calls that they are mostly recordings and you
hear those same recordings in different numbers.
Yeah, it's oof, oof, oof.
Whatever happened to that do not call list and all that, like make that shit go away.
The thing is, is that the do not call list tends to go, if I if I remember correctly, I
think it only applies to.
Like U.S.
telemarketing calls are for U.S.
companies. Oh, sure, because they can't legislate what happens elsewhere in the world, of
course, makes sense. Yeah, but with a lot of those, too, though, if you get those
marketing calls, if you listen long enough, they'll give you the do the opt out one and
they do remove you from their lists because I don't get them as much since I just waited
them out. Interesting.
And I was hanging up. Yeah, it is it is it is full on required.
I'm about to turn that thing on on my phone where it just simply doesn't ring if I don't
have the person listed as a contact.
Like I I used to have a Pixel phone and they used to have that.
I don't know why it's not just any Android phone, but they used to have it where Google
actually answer your phone for you to have like a robot, not really robot voice, but it's
like an AI voice that it's it screens your call for you and then it does like a voice
attacks to what the person's saying.
And so I used to do that all the time on my old phone and I got a new phone that
unfortunately wasn't a pixel because they didn't have them at the time.
And now it doesn't do that. And it's I miss that so much, but interesting.
Really wish that was something that they offered on other non pixel devices.
Interesting. All right.
Good to know. From Keanu Reeves to spam telephone calls, just another episode of Orange
Launch Radio. All right, let's move on to something I'm sure we're going to be slightly
passionate about. I don't know, dark soccer.
What do you think of this next one?
I'm pretty excited.
OK, I want to I want to believe I want to believe that's a good way to put I want to
believe. So there was supposed to have been a Mass Effect movie and it was canceled
because legendary pictures backed out of it.
You know, and basically Bioware was like, you know, we're we weren't going to be able to
tell the story in 90 to 120 minutes.
So basically now they are nearing a deal with Amazon to do a Mass Effect TV series,
which is pretty good because it's going to be coming on on the tail end of the expanse if
it happens. So it'll cover their sci fi gap once that other show is gone.
And I mean, hopefully it's going to be set in the prime universe and not the the Andromeda
universe. Or if they do anything, it might be some other new story, but at least we're
going to be getting some more Mass Effect from what it looks like.
I think it'll be awesome.
I I'm certainly on board with a Mass Effect TV series, but tell me what you think about
this dark soccer, because this might be the controversial point.
I really do not want them to do Shepard.
I think they would be I think they would be getting into some real dangerous territory if
they could. Number one, whoever they cast, the people that played the opposite gender
Shepard are going to be pissed like there is no there is no pleasing the fandom now.
They could we need a non-binary Shepard.
Fine. That's all.
Well, I mean, you also have Liara technically a non-binary race, but yes, fine.
Yes, of course. All that. However, I am fine with something parallel in that
same sort of like because I think it would actually be really cool if there was a
parallel story that wasn't Shepard, but somebody else.
And then that way you could have some of the other characters cross over like Liara
actually would be a great example, especially considering her lifespan.
You could you know, it could be a little bit after we get four, but we could have our
just a car. I mean, because I'm sure she she goes out in the makeup all the time.
I'm sure she'd happily do it.
Yeah, I think maybe a prequel would be all right, too.
But I just I just I just don't want them to try to tell the Shepard story in a TV
series. But I think there's ways they could do it where they could kind of go around
the Shepard thing and still do something very satisfying.
So I think so. Yeah.
And if you had a prequel, you could do something with both Kayden and Ashley to
not, you know, piss people and spoiler alert for a years old game.
But you could do something that, you know, would would please fans of both those
people. I just think maybe either a slight prequel like just before Shepard or
something excuse me, hiccups parallel would be perfect.
Or what if you have something about like a different side character, like maybe about
Vega? Oh, I love that idea.
Go be a writer for the show. I love that idea, because then, yes, a parallel character
who then intersects with everybody towards the climax of the
story. I think that's a great idea.
So, yeah, because, I mean, he seemed to have had an interesting life and, you know, he
was trying to get into, you know, the N7 program and all that.
I think it would be pretty neat.
Tyron College, actually, didn't they do an animated thing about Vega?
Yes, they did. And I have it and it was great.
Yeah. All right.
Now you're on to something.
They got, you know, Freddie Prinze Jr.
to do all the vocalizations.
I would say maybe he could play Vega, but I guess he's he's kind of he's older than we are.
He's not the right build. Yeah, he's not.
He's nice getting a little older, too.
I think he's dad bought it out a little bit, too.
Yeah, yeah.
Vega's built like a tank.
Tyron Chad over at twitch.tv slash VOG Network says Mass Effect as a TV show makes
sense because it's such a huge universe with a ton of world building.
And for a show like this to work, they could just have a new character that you follow.
And this character could be a new recruit in the Normandy.
You could tell the stories from the game, from another character's point of view.
I think that's the way to do it.
Tell the stories from another character's point of view.
And then you can see all the same types of places like the Citadel absolutely has to be it.
It would have to not be, though, anything with the Normandy or Shepard specifically.
Yeah, but there's there's a lot of gaps you could fill, like a lot happens between one and two.
Why not set a TV show to help explain the events of what happens between one and two when
Shepard is out of commission, so to speak?
You know, I've already had like stuff written in the background, you know, so they should just
totally they should hire me to write for them.
I'd be good. I would I would love to.
So I just I do not want them better than writing fan fiction.
If they cast I write a treatment, they script it.
If they cast John or Jane Shepard or whatever the default names are, if they cast those if they
cast a John or a Jane Shepard, I'm I'm going to be really upset.
I don't want them to try to tell that exact same story.
But so all these ideas about a side universe, a side story, a tangential thing are great.
What if they did do something like a.
Andromeda ish.
I'd be I'd actually be really super OK with an Andromeda ish story, even if it's not like
those care, finally give us the story of the Korean arc, although that would be a really
weird place to start a TV series.
I think they did that book, didn't they?
Yeah, they did. You're right. But I get that book.
The idea of maybe another universe, another galaxy in that same thing, you it would basically
be Star Trek, Voyager.
And I'm totally OK with that, like, but with Mass Effect, people would be amazing, I think.
Or what about post-war?
Yeah, and they they get the mass relays working.
Or a group gets thrown out with, you know, if you're going to take the whole Voyager
thing, a ship gets thrown out via mass relay at the end of everything.
Any of these ideas I am more than OK with, just please do not write fanfiction.
I have ideas. I know.
I know. Please do not tell the stories of the games.
If they tried to retell Andromeda story, I wouldn't be as mad, but I just that would be
such a weird place for them to start.
It would just remove the whole thing that the game is choice.
I think they have to start with a prequel or something between one and two because they
have to establish the story.
There's going to be people that watch this that have never played the games.
I really don't think they're going to be able to just pick it up in the middle.
So we'll see.
Anyway, oh, I don't hate this idea from Tiger Claw, a Deep Space Nine type of show taking
place in the Citadel.
I don't hate. Yeah, the Citadel had a lot of great stories with it.
And there's a lot of really interesting kind of relationships and things that I and there
could be interludes at this one's intimate apparel.
Yeah, you can go you can go right for them to.
Yeah, I'm you know about that, right?
Oh, of course, I found that on my fly cam.
Yeah, yeah, this one's intimate apparel.
I'm Hannah Lingerie shop.
I'm sure somebody put it in as a joke thinking nobody would find it.
And then people find shit.
People find it, of course.
All right, let's move on.
More stories to tell while we await the casting of Shepard and get very disappointed.
But we're going to hold out hope.
Meanwhile, Loki, what's on our next story now for a different type of disappointment?
So and now something completely different.
Nintendo has now commented on the whole Activision harassment stories, basically saying that
they are distressing and disturbing.
You know, Doug Bowser said addressing the whole thing.
Along with all of you, I've been following the latest developments with Activision Blizzard
and the ongoing reports of sexual harassment and toxicity at the company.
I find all of these accounts distressing and disturbing.
They run counter to my values as well as the Nintendo's police values and policies.
I mean, yeah, it's pretty basic.
Still, really get more still, Loki, you know, you fucked up when Bowser's looking at you
going, man, that's pretty fucked up.
Yeah, so and then to kind of respond to all of these things, Activision Blizzard is forming
a workplace responsibility committee that are led by two of the current members of their
board.
The committee will require management to develop key performance indicators and other means
of measure progress and ensure accountability.
The chief executive officer, Bobby Kotick, along with the chief people officer and chief
compliance officer, will provide frequent progress reports to the committee.
The committee will be investigating themselves, apparently.
So literally.
The worst solution possible.
We've investigated ourselves and found no wrongdoing.
Bobby Kotick's firing is long overdue.
Pass it on.
Like, that's that's I, I am thankful in all seriousness with my Bowser comment.
I'm very thankful to Doug Bowser for speaking up.
I'm thankful to all of the game companies for speaking up because that is going to really
put that pressure on Activision.
I we've been doing this shit for 19 years.
I I can't recall a time.
Granted, I couldn't remember who harmonics really was earlier in the show.
However, I cannot recall a time when Sony, Microsoft and Nintendo have all come together
to say this is an issue.
Yeah.
Yesh.
Uh, Mike Defton chat says that's what happened in riot.
Oh, yeah.
The establishing the committee that's made up of the people that need to have oversight.
Yeah, it's just boy.
Uh, E3VL in chat says we just need Steam and Valve to get on board.
You know, I didn't even think about that because I was really honed in on the console.
But you're right.
Activision games are sold on the Steam platform.
So it would be nice for Steam to make a comment.
However, at this point, just simply all three console manufacturers identifying that there
is a problem, I'm I'm very glad to those executives for stepping up and saying what needed to
be said publicly when it is a business risk.
Let's be real.
It is a business risk.
Anyway, Bobby Kotick's resignation is long overdue.
Let's all hope tomorrow's the day.
Meanwhile, I hope by the time you all hear this podcast, he's gone.
I really, really do, because I would like to talk about that company's products again.
But meanwhile, we'll talk about Atari.
How about we talk about Atari instead?
Well, you know, Atari, Atari's done some interesting things.
Well, and also Atari isn't Atari anymore.
You know what Infogrames bought Atari some years ago and Atari's Atari's done some cool
things, I guess, like the hotel.
I actually think is very interesting, although I've yet to really see one.
But I find that interesting.
And Atari's done some things that are not so interesting, like the VCS that oof, oof,
oof.
Well, yeah, it sounded cool at the beginning, and then it just got less interesting as it
went on.
Yeah, well, Atari's made some very interesting moves this week.
Atari is purchasing Moby Games.
It's going for 1.5 million and I guess they're going to be taking over what early next year
or something like that.
Moby Games is a site that I guess if you want to sum it up, it's kind of like an IMDB for
games has a lot of that sort of stuff.
And actually, ironically, one thing I noticed is that Moby does document the older games
of the Atari 2600 era in television, Commodore.
It documents a lot of that stuff pretty well.
Like I will try to find obscure Commodore 64 games that maybe there's a YouTube or two
because, you know, there's a lot on YouTube now.
But literally the only websites that have information is like Moby Games.
So they do have a pretty impressive database.
And I guess I see where that's to Atari's benefit because Atari is a retro company as
well.
And perhaps this is something that's a tie in to what we talked about last week or the
week before where Atari is doing the limited running game.
I just want to say limited run games, but that's another company.
But y'all know what I mean.
They're doing that kind of like limited publishing thing on their side.
I could see why maybe they want to tie it into this.
Of course, if I'm a Moby Games super user of which that site is very user driven, it's
Wikipedia-esque in that regard, I can see where I'm kind of freaked out by this idea
because this already happened to them before when Gamefly bought them at one point, changed
everything, and then Blue Flame Labs bought them and changed it back.
So if I am somebody who spent many volunteer hours helping to keep Moby Games be a great
website, I'm concerned about this sale.
And I get this a little bit.
Quest Buster in chat says Moby Games is such a great resource.
I found a lot of esoteric games there.
There's also Atari Age out there, which focuses exclusively on Atari releases, trading and
preservation.
But as far as I know, the new Atari doesn't own them.
Bobby Blackwolf wants to point out, I have a Moby Games profile for my one game credit.
Somebody made a Moby Games for Flappy Vogue?
I'm just kidding.
Bobby did a soundtrack for a Tetris flavored game in the 90s, so you can find more out
about that on his show, which I've never played, oddly enough.
I want to stream it sometime.
It probably doesn't even run on modern PCs without, like, DOSBox or something.
SSG100 Matt does point out no pixel poops on Moby Games.
Matt, it's a user-driven site.
Somebody just has to add it.
Loki, where are you at?
Didn't you add it somewhere else so it could get scooped up by...
It's on the game database.
That's tied with Twitch.
Yeah, that's what I was thinking of.
Game database for Twitch.
So, all right.
That's actually not where things end.
Atari has also mentioned they've invested half a million in the streaming retro platform
AntStream.
I've talked about AntStream on this program.
I used to be a subscriber.
I was a backer of the Kickstarter.
I actually no longer am.
I'm going to talk about that in a minute.
It's not really shade against AntStream.
I'm going to explain why in a minute.
In the quote, Atari says,
the investment in AntStream Limited was made pursuant to a convertible loan agreement that
can be converted into equity of AntStream Limited in a future financing with an initial
investment of $500,000.
This is not the first time Atari and AntStream have partnered up.
AntStream is one of the few things that's actually on the VCS where I believe a much
larger Atari library is playable on AntStream if you are streaming it from an Atari VCS.
If you are not and you're on the PC platform, you have a very limited amount of Atari games
and they add maybe one a week, but sometimes they're deep cuts.
So it's been a little slow to catch up.
So I mentioned I used to be on AntStream.
Why did I stop?
Quite simply, they mysteriously stopped supporting Xbox.
There is a client for Xbox One that exists.
There is no client for Xbox Series X.
I have been a fan of AntStream as far as like, you know, I think the cloud-based stuff for
retro gaming and I do want to support it from a legal perspective.
I think it's interesting.
I actually kind of liked that it's a European-based company.
So a lot of stuff is from a European perspective.
There's a very heavy MSX.
I'm sorry, not MSX.
The other one, ZX Spectrum.
The other one you couldn't get here.
ZX Spectrum is very heavily on AntStream, which makes sense.
And a lot of Commodore classics, which you know I love.
I don't even think you can get on.
Chat, correct me if I'm wrong, but for a long time you couldn't even get on AntStream if
you were in the US.
You had to be a Kickstarter backer, right?
But maybe they, Dark Tetsuya said ever since they went free to play, he was able to get
on it.
So maybe that changed.
Sorry.
But yeah, that's why I stopped with AntStream.
Like the PC thing is cool, I guess, but I want to be able to play on my Xbox.
And I thought it was really weird because when the Kickstarter happened, they said they
were going to do PlayStation.
They had a stretch goal for PlayStation.
I want to say they had a stretch goal for Switch too.
I might be wrong.
It's been a few years since I backed it.
And the Xbox as well is supposed to be a thing.
And as far as I'm concerned, as long as they continue to work on these Atari clients and
they're not delivering on these earlier promises, they're in violation of that Kickstarter
agreement as far as I'm concerned.
And that's why I have no longer extended my subscription with them.
But that aside, I do mostly have positive things to say about the platform.
I want to see it succeed.
I have concerns if it will under Atari's watch, but Atari didn't buy them.
It just looks like Atari's got a lot of money in them.
But so, yeah.
Dr. Tetsuya in chat says, oh, that was my tweet.
Yeah, I'm actually digging the vast arcade library and the leaderboards and challenges
are fun too.
Pistol pockets in chat says, from what I know, Anstream actually owns Moby Games now, which
is why Atari may use the option to purchase Moby Games.
I'm not sure where that comes from.
I believe Blue Flames, something it's called, is the one that owns Moby Games.
I think this is just this particular press release getting jumbled a little bit.
I think, and I could, again, I didn't remember who Harmonics was at the beginning of the
show, so it's very possible I'm in the wrong.
But I am looking at an article that says the current owner is Blue Flame Labs.
So just for the record.
Oh, oh, OK.
Thank you.
Pixel pockets is clarifying.
Blue Flame Labs LLC closed a year ago and Moby Games Limited was created with owners
from Anstream.
I was confused as well and looked into it and asked people on the Moby Games Discord.
Oh, well, thank you, because that clearly is research I did not do.
And that explains a lot.
So, huh, that is fascinating.
Anyway, Questbuster in chat says, I can only hope that Atari leaves Moby Games as is, as
last time one of the buyers redesigned the site years ago.
Yeah, I think it was Gamefly.
It actually destroyed a lot of its ease of use before it was reverted back under new
owners.
That is really interesting what Pixel pockets said, huh?
Why would Anstream want Moby Games?
Unless, you know what?
I'm going to just fire a crazy idea out there.
What if the idea with Moby Games is to make it so that you look up the old games and then
you play it right there on your browser with Anstream technology?
I think that's the future right there.
But again, I'm still waiting on my PlayStation and Xbox clients.
I was promised.
All right, let's move on.
More retro goodness, right, DarkSakura?
Yep, we have some goodies from Taito.
The Taito milestones that was announced for Japan is going to be coming out in the US.
It's due in Japan on February 2022.
It will be including Kix, which makes me happy, Alpine Ski, Frontline, Wild Western,
Jack and Pop, Elevator Action, the Fairyland story.
Fairyland story is fun.
Hailey's Comet, the Ninja Warriors, which, you know, we got on SNES back in the day and
Arcade and whatnot.
And there's another 10th game to come out that has yet to be announced.
There will be limited and collector's editions for Strictly Limited Games Partner Store
on November 25th, which is already.
And then, of course, there will be a standard that's for the standard edition and the
collector's edition will be limited to 2,000 copies and the limited will be limited to
3,000 copies.
So there you go.
That's a neat little collection, though, because you've got some big names in there
like Kix, but there's a lot of more obscure titles in there, which is pretty cool.
So it's just more stuff that wasn't really big over here.
Yeah, but I think it's still really neat.
So, yeah.
All right.
You know, I can play Kix for like all day.
Oh, I know.
I know.
Kix is a real fun one.
Excuse me.
Yyr is in our chat.
Hey, who says, sounds like this is releasing alongside the Taito mini arcade cabinet, which
is also due in February.
That's right.
I remember a story on that Taito cabinet does make a lot of sense for that all to come out.
Good.
Good.
All right.
What can I say, folks?
It's a slower news week, so we let in a few more rumors.
But, Loki, this is a rumor that's kind of coming back, right?
I'm only interested in one rumors.
Fleetwood Mac.
Oh, I was going to say the single from Lindsay Lohan.
Close.
No.
Fleetwood Mac.
So apparently there's a rumor that Chrono Cross is getting a remake.
This was based off of a leak list that was on the, was it Nvidia?
And then there was also some other stuff that was coming from that as well.
Basically saying now that I hear there's the JRPG and multi-platform, I assume PC, PlayStation,
Switch.
That's my assumption.
That's not what I was told, but that's just my assumption.
So I don't know.
It's a lot of rumors.
And this is, I guess, coming from as well, like a co-founder, Nick Baker of Xbox era
podcast.
I'm not really sure how he's affiliated with the Nvidia database leak, but I guess we'll
wait and see.
Well, what's interesting about this too, is it's not the first time this has come around.
I remember this was brought up on another show a few months ago.
And on one hand, it does make a lot of sense because, you know, you have that team that
did the Secret of Mana reboot and they did the Tales of Mana.
And that was huge, or Trials, excuse me, of Mana, because, you know, that's the Tales
of is a completely different series, sorry, Trials of Mana, which, you know, that was
huge because we actually got that game for the first time in the US and all that good
stuff.
What are they working on now?
You know, you would have to imagine they're probably remaking another.
Well, and then they also did, I'm sorry, they did Legend of Mana, the one I like to forget
about.
That also got remade.
So it does make sense that, you know, Chrono Cross seems kind of like a target game to
get a remake.
I'm sure a lot of people are wondering, why won't they touch Chrono Trigger and the big
one?
I think there might be hesitation.
I think it's twofold.
I think there might be hesitation that if they fuck it up, it's going to be disastrous
because a lot of people hold that game in very, very high regard.
And I just do a third game.
Right?
I think that's a brilliant answer as well is just make a third game.
The other thing with Chrono Trigger, I think the Final Fantasy Pixel remasters, I think
are the true test for that.
I think they're going to gauge how those Pixel remasters do and potentially do a Chrono Trigger
one with that if those Final Fantasy remasters do well.
So can I throw out something?
Sure, please.
Speaking of Chrono Trigger.
Yeah.
So, you know, I was in Alabama for my friend's funeral, right?
One of the last messages that my friend sent me, and I'll have to have to read it, was
I see a girl with her Nintendo playing Chrono Trigger while you made me love that game.
Oh, that's a great memory.
I love that.
Yeah.
So I have special memories of that game.
And if they fuck it up, I will be livid.
And I think there probably is some of that.
I mean, if you fuck up Chrono Cross, you know, like, I'm not like, you know, it'll be all
right.
You know, that game kind of a lot of people passed on it when it first came out.
But I think you cannot fuck up Chrono Trigger.
And I think exactly for that reason and many reasons.
But again, I think they'll go the Pixel remaster route, assuming the Final Fantasy one through
six remasters do well, which it seems like they've been doing all right.
I don't know how they're selling, but it seems like the reception to that I should see if
they're on sale this weekend.
Probably not.
But you never know because I still haven't picked them up because I'm being stubborn.
I'm making them release it on Switch or PlayStation or Xbox would be great, too, before I pick
it up.
That's for sure.
I don't know why people are saying Chrono Cross wasn't that good because a lot of people
love it.
Yeah, I think it's a lot of people who absolutely love that game.
It's like Legend of Mana, too.
I think Legend of Mana stinks.
I know other people that think it's amazing.
So it's those PlayStation.
It's all a matter of taste.
Don't say that something sucks when someone else might like it.
So I mean, unless it has to do with racism or something that sucks.
Racism always sucks.
All right.
Okay, one more story.
And this comes from our Discord.
So thank you for everybody who is participating in our Discord.
And if you're not there yet, why don't you join?
vognetwork.com.
That's vognetwork.com slash Discord.
We'll get you in our Discord and folks post stories for us to talk about, such as this
one, which is about a Sony patent that indicates Sony is getting back into mobile.
Not maybe in the way you think.
Apparently, the patent is for Sony Interactive Entertainment and is patenting a PlayStation
controller that's designed for mobile gaming.
It was published by Sony Interactive's Japanese division, and it talks about playing games
on a device coupled with two controller grips.
The controller looks a little bit like a DualShock 4, not so much a PlayStation 5, but it's
literally like a left side grip and a right side grip that your phone kind of goes in
the center of.
The drawings that are around out there also have a shaft portion that can be tilted by
the user and it can kind of sense the tilting direction.
I wonder if that's a PlayStation 3 six axis thing.
I don't know.
I'm just like, it's a very random, but I wonder if that's like a weird thing.
What could this all be about?
Here's my thought on this.
You know, I think it's probably really about trying to expand PlayStation Now and cloud
gaming to mobile, because right now, you know, that's all on Sony devices.
I would think this is something they're going to look to expand to mobile, whether that
be through the web, because I know there's been like with Apple, it's been, you know,
they don't like to have the cloud services on there.
So it just kind of depends.
I could go a lot of different directions or maybe it'll stream from your PlayStation.
Who fucking knows?
It could go many different ways.
But I think I would think this is them trying to get PlayStation Now and their cloud gaming
onto mobile devices and using this controller to do that.
And for all I know, honestly, PlayStation Now is probably already on mobile, but it just
shows you how much I actually use that service, because I'm going to be honest, there's not
a lot of compelling stuff on it for me.
The library isn't quite expansive enough, but maybe they're going to do another push
on it.
Who knows?
So maybe they'll put Chrono Cross on it and Legend of Mana and we'll have reasons to
visit it and pick it up again.
But I really my gut tells me this is about cloud gaming.
And I think the people that are taking this to a PSP or PlayStation Vita type of place,
unless you're talking about it streaming from the cloud, I don't think you're right,
respectfully.
I think this is literally something that's going to hold the phone that lets you play
cloud gaming and encourages you to keep a PlayStation.
It would be neat if it actually streamed from your PlayStation 5, though, kind of like what
Microsoft's doing with X cloud and all that stuff.
That'd be kind of cool.
All right, let's move on.
Let's go back to a simpler time before we had all this cloud gaming in our next segment.
Here comes the bump.
And now it's time to travel back to a simpler time where I'll dive into the vault and pull
out a classic and tell you about it.
It's time for the classic game of the week.
And what did you pick for us tonight, Darzaka?
I picked Pinball FX.
Good pick.
Pinball FX is a video game to emulate pinball tables.
It came out on Xbox 360, developed by Zen Studios, published by Microsoft Game Studios
on April 25th, 2007.
It was first released via Xbox Live Arcade, and it had three tables with six more downloadable
tables and later boards and online multiplayer.
And it did, of course, have sequels.
It kind of got mixed reviews.
It was about the upper level of average.
They said the physics were really good, but they didn't really care for multiplayer with
it being split screen, although some people were happy that it was there.
And as of July 28th, 2010, it sold over 362,000 copies.
It was followed by Pinball FX 2.
It was delisted after Pinball FX 2 came out, but all of the purchases carried over to Pinball
FX 2.
However, the corresponding tables were not available on the Xbox One version of Pinball
FX 2, but because it is backwards compatible, you can have it installed.
It basically uses the same rules as a pinball table in a virtual environment.
You have your ball on the play field, and you smack it around with your flippers, and
you run it into the bumpers, and you hit ramps, and you do all of the stuff that you do in
an actual pinball table.
You have leaderboards, online multiplayer for up to four players.
You win multiplayer by high score, and it came with three tables.
Starting off, we had Speed Machine, which was a racing theme.
We had Extreme, which is a skateboarding theme, and Agents, which were secret agents and spies.
There was a fourth one called Buccaneer that was released October 31st, 2007 as a free
download, and then five additional paid ones that had some licensed content on there.
There was Nightmare Mansion, which was sort of a horror movie one, and then there was
Rocky and Bullwinkle.
There was Street Fighter 2 Turbo, Earth Defense, which was Alien Invasion, and then the fifth
one Excalibur, which was based off of King Arthur.
Because of the feedback for Pinball FX, then that went into Pinball FX 2.
Like I said, the first one was a pretty mixed bag.
A lot of people really liked it as a pinball engine, even going so far to compare it to
Pinball Dreams, which was a pinball sim by Digital Illusions that came out for the Amiga
in 1992.
It was one of the big ones at the time.
So good.
Just saying, so good, Pinball Dreams, and that was one of the games I really enjoyed
playing on Antstream when I had it, actually.
Ironically enough.
But the thing that I think Pinball FX really set the stage for was now things like Zen
Pinball and all of the other online pinball we have that's allowing those licensed tables
in.
For the longest time, we had Pin Maim.
And with all the virtual tables, those were very much a labor of love by fans.
But this was one that kind of brought it back into the eye of the home gamer.
And I think that that really, I mean, as a pinball fan, I think that these virtual versions
might have brought just the art and fun of pinball back to people and make them want
to check out the real thing.
That's my theory.
Because now you can't go to a real barcade without having more pinball hanging around.
And more and more collectors getting into actual pinball tables and so forth.
And I think maybe, you know, these games, we just got our Ghostbusters back.
Oh, that's awesome.
Yeah.
But I mean, and if I was going to touch on Pinball FX 2, which honestly, I could have
also done that as a classic game, but it brought in.
I mean, like all kinds of different, like there was a portal.
There were Marvel ones.
There was a lot of Marvel ones.
There was Star Wars.
There was, Alien vs Pinball was another series that was pretty neat.
I mean, it really opened it up.
And I honestly, now while I still prefer to play a physical table, it's not bad.
It's really not bad.
I am down.
When it's impossible to find the table.
It's a good pinch.
Yeah.
You know, if you don't feel like standing up either, you know, there's that is something
you can play from your couch and still kind of get some of the same fun.
But I will agree.
The physics are amazing.
The physics are great.
But there you go.
That's our game Pinball FX.
For Xbox Live Arcade, for Xbox 360.
Lots of people in chat commenting on this.
Let me get some of these.
Mike Deft in chat says, wait, Pinball FX is over 10 years old.
It's almost 15, believe it or not.
It's one of those things that'll age as a gamer.
That's for sure.
Dark Tetsuya says, I have a few of the tables that they gave away in FX3, so I played around
with it a little bit.
It was kind of fun.
She Hulk 10 in chat says, the game is awesome and it is an excellent simulator.
And if you buy all the DLC, it's like having 100 pinball machines in your home.
Great for preservation as well.
You can also learn how to play the tables as well.
It has tutorials for actual physical tables.
You know, that's a great point that She Hulk puts out there because, you know, now that
Pinball FX has the licenses and they're doing, you know, especially in FX3, you have a lot
of like licensed tables.
It gives you those instructions that you don't always have when you walk into the bar, right?
I mean, everybody kind of just knows how to play pinball.
It's the opportunity to learn the rule set, to learn how to get to the wizard modes, for
example.
Because there are some games, like we were, when we were doing Friendsgiving, one of Dan's
buddies was saying that he just discovered like one of the wizard modes in the new Jurassic
Park, the newer Jurassic Park.
Yeah.
I was like, I didn't know this was in here.
It's a way to really study the game.
I think would be a really good way to put it.
You could really go that next layer deeper than you can in a noisy bar playing a dollar
a game, which is a great way to play pinball too, but, um, and, and really study the game.
And I think that's pretty cool.
It's also a good way to find some of those obscure tables that you just don't see out
in the wild.
Yeah.
Yeah, for sure.
I mean, I mean, that's the newer ones, of course, but I mean, we have to look at where
it started.
I thought I saw something about like Pinball FX is kind of like rebranding or, I mean,
they're rebooting.
They're going back to the not Pinball FX 4, but like a Pinball FX that I think is coming
out next year.
I thought I saw something about that floating around somewhere, um, which makes sense.
It's, it's time to up to the PlayStation 5, the Series X and all that.
Um, I wouldn't be, wouldn't be surprised.
Um, uh, pod culture and chat says great for those who can't afford tables IRL.
And Jaskren says, and for those without the space.
Yeah, that is, that is true.
Uh, oh, Bobby.
Oh, thank you.
Bobby Blackwell says Epic Game Store exclusive.
So the new FX is going to be exclusive to Epic Game Store.
Interesting.
Is that just on the, um, you know, uh, computing front or are they not going to have it on
PS5, Xbox Series X?
That's kind of surprising to me if it skips those, but, um, interesting.
Well, we'll have to follow and see what happens.
All right.
Epic Games getting up all those exclusives, I guess.
All right.
Let's, uh, now we're going to get into, and I mentioned tonight's show is going to be
a little bit shorter.
So we actually were skipping rapid fire news tonight.
We've already talked about the news.
Uh, so, uh, what's the Loki OLR, uh, in chat.
I was about to read this comment, but you're sitting right here.
What is this you're talking about?
Loki?
Oh, you guys said that Pixel Poops number two wasn't on Moby Games.
So I added it.
Did it work?
Um, if they have to go through an approval process, so they're like, well, we need it.
We need something that says shows the release date.
I'm like, Oh, why?
Okay.
Um, so I did that.
And then they're like, well, we can't add it because this company is not in the database.
Okay, fine.
I'll have the company of Davis.
Okay.
Well, we need proof that this company is a thing.
Um, hi, I'm the company.
Exactly.
It's president and CEO at your service.
It's annoying.
So we'll see it.
Let me add it pretty quick.
Uh, the game page needs approval though.
All right.
Y'all go up vote or whatever.
I don't know.
There's nothing you can do.
Okay.
Your staff has to look at it.
We need thoughts and prayers since there's nothing to do.
It doesn't matter.
You mean nothing will happen then.
It won't matter.
No one will care.
Fingers crossed.
It gets thoughts and prayers.
I know.
I know.
What else?
What else can I offer him at this time?
It's a Hanukkah miracle.
Okay.
All right, fine.
I can't, I can't hand out Hanukkah miracles, Jamie.
You're not a real game unless you put out a Kickstarter.
That's how it works with NES games nowadays.
All right.
Uh, we, we have no rapid fire news tonight.
So instead we're going to travel around the world and check out some release dates of
games coming out very soon, if anything.
Although actually no, this week we do have a few.
Uh, let's go to the US, Loki.
I know of one.
We have, uh, Beyond a Steel Sky that's on Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4, PlayStation
5, Xbox One and Xbox Series X.
Uh, Clockwork Aquario that's on Nintendo Switch and PlayStation 4, Evil Genius 2 World
Domination on PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, Xbox One and Xbox Series X.
We have, um, Daroku Agents of Sakuratan or Sakuratani, uh, that's on Nintendo Switch.
Uh, Solar Ash on PC, PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5.
Uh, Big Brain Academy, Brain vs Brain on Nintendo Switch.
Uh, Chorus on PC, PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, Xbox One, Xbox Series X, and Stadia.
Uh, Danganronpa Decadence on Nintendo Switch.
What?
And a new Danganronpa?
Yes.
And, uh, Disney Magical World 2 Enchanted Edition on Nintendo Switch.
That's a Disney life simulation game.
That sounds weird.
I, I don't think that is a new Danganronpa.
I think it's a repackaging of the old ones.
Yeah, PesoPockets in chat says that's the package of one to three, isn't it?
Yeah, I think it is.
So I think it's just a, well, there's only two games that are worthwhile in that package
then.
All right.
Uh, let's travel over to Japan and check out the releases, uh, over there this week.
So on the Nintendo Switch this week, uh, we have Clockwork Aquario is out in Japan as
well.
And we also have this week, Paw Patrol, the movie Adventure City Calls.
Yes, that is a Japanese release too.
Um, Disney games do pretty well, um, overseas as well.
Disney Magic Castle, My Happy Life 2 is also out in Japan this week.
Those are the releases on the Nintendo Switch.
Checking out the PlayStation 5 this week, we have also Clockwork Aquario, uh, and we
have that same Paw Patrol movie game as well.
And that Disney Magic Castle, it's literally the same list on the PlayStation 5 as well.
Wait, no, I'm sorry, guys.
My list bounced up a little bit.
Sorry, sorry, sorry.
Um, dude, was I looking at PlayStation 4?
There's actually nothing on PlayStation 5 this week.
Okay, it was PlayStation 4.
All those same things are on PlayStation 4 this week.
Sorry, my list skipped around because I hit the wrong thing.
My bad.
Um, but yeah, those are the releases that are out this week in Japan.
How about the UK Dark Sakura?
We have a few.
Um, on the 30th, we have Evil Genius 2 World Domination on PlayStation and Xbox and also
Oddworld Soulstorm Day 1 Audition on Xbox.
And then, uh, further in December, we have, I'm just double checking my, my dates on here.
We have Cricket 22 Official Games of the Ashes,
Who Wants to be a Millionaire New Edition,
My Universe Doctors and Nurses for Switch,
This Mission V-Leaf on PlayStation, Asterix and Obelix, Slap Them All.
Um, on the third, we have, uh, Chorus, um, for PlayStation and Xbox, NASCAR 21 Ignition,
uh, Disney Magical World 2 Enchanted Edition for Switch,
Big Brain Academy, Brain vs. Brain on Switch,
The Wild at Heart for Switch and PlayStation.
And on the sixth, we have Never Song for Switch.
All right, there's your releases for the week.
One more story for you guys tonight.
And this is more of a, hey, did you know this?
Speaking about the age of games and so forth, uh, as of November 22nd,
Rez is now a 20-year-old game.
That's right.
Rez turned 20 this past week, 20 years old since that game came out.
Um, and what's pretty cool to kind of celebrate that and, uh, mark the occasion for this game,
uh, the Enhance YouTube channel, um, Enhance, of course,
Tetsuya Mizuguchi's company he's working with now, they're the ones that did Tetris Effect.
Uh, I believe are credited with the Rez VR experience as well,
because both, both those games run in the Synesthesia engine.
I know that Rez VR Area X was a prototype for a new Rez game that didn't happen for whatever
reason.
Maybe it's explained in the documentary because the Enhance YouTube channel actually put up
a short documentary that talks about how the game was conceived, uh, anecdotes, experiences
from people around the industry and, uh, just kind of talking about how everybody back then
was like, you got to see this, you got to see this, you got to play this game.
Trans vibrator, you wouldn't believe it.
So, um, that's pretty cool.
You know, there was a lot of really cool stuff back in the day, especially on the Dreamcast.
You know, when you think back to things like Samba de Migo and so forth, and even things
of that era, you know, Parappa the Rappa was really big back then and so forth.
Um, it's, it's awesome that Rez is getting a little bit of love as well.
Uh, and of course, as we know, Rez did get that release.
I just talked about in 2016 with the optional VR, and then there was Area X and all that
stuff as well.
And it's even on the cloud now it's on Amazon Luna.
I had no idea.
So, um, this game is still alive all these years later.
And I think that is pretty cool.
Um, nowhere mentioned Child of Eden and that's, that's too bad because that game, that's a
great game too.
I know that game should get revisited here and there too, but I'm always, I always am
looking forward to what Tetsuya Mizuguchi has next.
I think of, of, of probably some, one of my all time favorite game designers, if not
maybe the all time, who knows?
Um, and if we're done with, uh, with Child of Eden, maybe we can have Angry Adolescent
of Limbo.
Uh, YYR in chat says Area X was really something right up there with Poly, Poly, Polybius.
I can never say that again.
Polybius.
As a must play of the FPSVR.
That's pretty funny because Polybius doesn't.
Well, it does now, but yeah, I know what I mean.
Yeah, I know based off an urban legend and all that stuff.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
So I covered it as a classic game.
I know you did.
I know you did, but how that was a long time ago though.
So yeah, but anyway, uh, YYR does point out Child of Eden is backwards compatible on Xbox.
Is it now?
I think I have the disc somewhere.
I need to try it.
I'd love to play that game again, just for fun.
Cause I think it's kind of like the forgotten about sequel anyway, to that game.
Well, happy birthday Rez.
Congrats on 20 years old.
And, uh, how old does that make you feel?
I know it makes me feel old.
All right.
Let's talk about the listener round table.
We're going to take your topics in our chat room over at twitch.tv slash vog network.
And then of course, if you want to call in the discords open, uh, if you want to head
over to the green room, we'll take those calls as well.
Uh, and I want to get to the mailbag.
I know we have at least one email tonight.
Let's get to it.
Ooh, two.
All right.
Uh, let's get to it.
Participate at orangelauntrady.com is the place to send us an email.
Dar Sakura, take it away.
All right.
Our first email is hello, Rob Loki and dark Sakura.
I was thinking about the orange challenge.
Fudio could be replaced with a kind of support chat about diabetes.
Other members of your audience could answer your questions, offer some encouragement and
tips and maybe recipes.
And we could all offer you some hope and camaraderie.
We could do a vote among the listeners.
If this is acceptable, my husband is battling pre-diabetes and has the gene on both sides
of his family.
We have started changing our diet as if we have diabetes to help slow his progress and
to get used to the changes early.
I know it sucks and feels frustrating.
We just used our emergency money to buy an exercise bike here in Baltimore.
It's not the safest to jog outside all the time and lifestyle changes are overwhelming
at the moment.
I hope this flattens out for you.
And it sounds like the changes you've made already are having a positive effect.
I'll be thinking of you while I eat my salad and water.
Mere Muse.
Thank you, Mere Muse.
Thank you for that.
That's a very well-intentioned and great suggestion.
I think my only problem with that and shifting the conversation away from the Fudio thing
to diabetes is I do feel in some way it kind of makes it all about me.
And it's like I'm spoiling the fun of the Fudio event.
Again, I know your suggestion is completely well-intentioned and I think everybody would
support it.
However, I want my brain to be able to get to a place where I can talk about all the
food that I used to enjoy and so forth.
The good news I have is that I don't talk to a doctor again for a couple more weeks,
but just in running my numbers because I do the self blood sugar checks with the needle
and all that only a few times a week now, not every day.
In the beginning, when I was first diagnosed, it was every day, but my numbers were looking
really good after the first week that she cut it back where I only have to check a couple
times a week.
And I can say that my levels, the last couple of times I've checked, are coming way down.
For those that speak the language, I tested 107 on Friday and 103 today.
So I'm getting in a really good place.
So I just kind of want to keep riding that wave and see what my doctor has to say about
it.
I know that it's not something that's going to change overnight, but I'm losing weight
as a side effect of this whole thing since I hit my all-time highest weight this summer,
as I'm sure a lot of people did during the pandemic.
I'm now down 14 pounds from that.
So yeah, I didn't lose all at once.
I don't want people to get concerned.
There's a certain amount of weight you kind of lose fast at the beginning anyway, and
now it's the slow grind down and all that stuff.
So yeah, I'm going to talk to my doctor, I think I'd be due for that in a week or two
to kind of do the month follow-up and see how it's going and then go from there.
My hope is that I can, there's no real cure for it, of course, but you can kind of put
it into remission and that's kind of my goal.
And I think if I lose the weight, I think I might get there.
Well, I mean, that happened with, I mean, because you know, I've been in, you know,
a number of gastric bypass support groups before when I had, I mean, I wasn't quite
at, I was almost to the pre-levels before my surgery, but I also don't have the genetic
predisposition towards it.
Right.
And I do.
Yeah, yeah.
Yeah.
And so right after I had my surgery and dropped my weight, I've been middle of the road,
no matter what I eat.
And I think that it should be pointed out that there is a lot that is genetic about
it and not to assume things about people who might be over a certain weight.
Yes.
Thank you.
It's very important.
And yeah, and again, I want to address the email because I do think it's a very kind
and very thoughtful suggestion and I really appreciate, you know, again, I think your
heart is really in the right place for that.
And I obviously am right there with you and your husband and going through the changes
and so forth.
And I'm going to be very transparent and say like, I'm really glad you guys are doing
something about it now because I didn't get the courtesy of a pre-diabetes phase.
I didn't get that.
So, and that's the most frustrating thing about this whole situation.
So the fact that you guys are like doing something about it now, I think really speaks to you
guys in a positive way and so forth.
Now, here's the other thing I kind of want to say with that.
Even though I'm a little uncomfortable saying, okay, I want to take this orange launch video
thing and now, no, it has to be all about me because I came down with diabetes.
Even though I'm a little hesitant to do that, I am now going to be speaking from a place
where that's just part of me and that's something that I'm living with and that's just who I
am.
And genetics, fatness, or otherwise, I'm not going to shy away from the conversation about
it sucks to have diabetes.
It's very similar to the fact that I've been out and gay on this show for nearly 20 years
and I don't apologize for that either.
And I talk about my husband pretty openly because that is the life I live.
And if that's not something you're comfortable hearing, tough titty because that's my life.
So I kind of think to kind of go to your, like back to your email and everything, I
think when we do orange launch video, and I think I will get there, I will get to a
mental place where I'll be able to do it.
I'm going to speak to things from this perspective because that's my life now.
And that's, you know, who a part of who I am.
And I think folks understand that.
And yeah.
That's me with my autism.
Yes, it is me with my surgery.
Yes.
It's just everyone has a different experience.
And we all come from a place of our own experiences.
And that needs to be understood when people talk about these things.
So I think that honestly, I don't think that it would be making things about about you.
Just saying, I think.
And I'm admitting that's, that's a personal sort of crisis I'm having.
If that makes sense.
Yeah.
But I think it's something that could at least be involved in the discussion.
Maybe.
Talk about if I'm there, it will like that.
That's my, that's kind of my point, right?
That's not quite what I meant.
Okay.
Talk about like proper, you know, just nutrition in general.
You know, talk about habits, talk about mindfulness.
You know, it, it goes in with the discussion about food in general.
And then how bad that I was when I went to Taco Bell.
But at the same time, like if you like, you know, to go, even though I talked about a lot
of good things, just for shits and giggles, I never do this.
But since I have the home testing kit, I decided, you know what?
I'm going to test myself after Thanksgiving dinner.
And I didn't go overboard with Thanksgiving dinner.
But we go out as we did every year and I got, you know, ham as I always do.
I ate a lot of vegetables.
But I had a little bit.
I had maybe half the mashed potatoes, which is, you know, a little bit carby.
And I ate a piece of pumpkin pie.
I said, you know what?
It's fucking Thanksgiving.
I'm having a fucking piece of pumpkin pie.
Tested myself when I got home.
257.
No, geez.
So, which is not good for those that don't speak the language.
I don't know if that's a matter of just maybe I tested at the wrong time.
I waited two hours or at least I tried to, I don't know.
It could be a variety of things, but I would have tested after 24 hours, to be honest.
Well, see, but that's the crazy thing.
The next day in the morning, I have my lowest reading yet.
So it's this weird thing where, like, my body is like spiking like crazy with.
And, you know, yeah, I know I did a bad.
I'm not supposed to have pumpkin pie.
I did.
It's fucking Thanksgiving.
Let me have this.
If we don't do the nice thing for ourselves once in a while, like the Taco Bell.
That was not a nice thing.
Well, OK, the Swedish meatballs like you, whatever it is for you.
And I'm not I'm not saying I'm going to cheat every month or anything like that,
but it's one of those things where it's like, but even when I had the Thanksgiving dinner,
I was like, I'm not going to put butter on the bread.
I can skip that.
I'm not going to have sweet tea like I usually do.
I'm going to skip that and have unsweet tea.
I still cut corners, you know, and I still and then I walked 10,000 steps the next day.
So, you know, there are still things.
But anyway, that's a whole nother.
I'm getting off track.
Thank you for the email.
Thank you for the suggestion.
And my thoughts are certainly with your husband and yourself.
And thank you for being there to support him because I can tell you.
I don't want to get emotional, but if I didn't have Alan right now.
This would be a very dark place.
This would be a very, very dark place if I didn't have Alan right now.
That is all I'm going to say.
And I think you all can read between the lines on that.
SSG100Matt in chat says, hoping for the best for you, Rob,
both physically and mentally while you go through this.
I will take it.
I will take your thoughts and prayers on this
because there is literally nothing else anyone can do.
This is a me thing that I have to work through.
There's literally nothing else you can do.
So I'll take it and I appreciate it.
Honestly, it's all in your hands.
Yes.
Because the only one who's going to be able to make the healthy decisions and enact it is you.
And we can all support you.
What I tell people all the time anyway is that things don't change in our lives
until we do what we need to to make them change.
And that's practically with anything.
So I have to say, I'm really proud of you.
And I know, yeah, maybe it was necessity that pushed you to it,
but I'm still really proud that you're doing what you need to,
because I have a friend who's completely failing at managing hers.
Thank you.
And I met somebody as well who told me they have it,
and I had no idea because they don't do anything about it.
And it kind of surprised me.
I have to be honest.
So the things my body was doing, I couldn't really ignore it.
I have to, but I've been approaching it as a,
this is God and I'm using my quotey fingers, whatever you believe in.
I'm using my quotey fingers.
This is supreme being telling me I need to go on a diet.
And so, okay, you know what?
Sure, I'll go on a dog.
I'll try to get skinny like I was in high school.
I don't think I'll get all the way there, but why not?
I'll lose a few pounds and see where that puts us.
And go from there.
So, and I see your muses in chat.
Thank you again for the email.
Thank you for supporting what your husband is going through.
It's again, like I said, the spousal support is huge.
Huge, huge, huge.
Anyway, and I was gonna say, the other thing that friends can do,
like don't, like the thing that dark soccer and Loki and so forth,
the thing they can do, don't fucking bring a pie here
or don't bring cookies here and don't bring candy here.
Like that, you know, you all know that now.
And we all know we used to do that, but things are different now.
We know things now we didn't know then.
And so it's different now, but you guys in chat,
I don't think there's a lot you can do with not bringing over cake.
So I'll take your thoughts.
And besides that, I'm pretty good at sugar-free pies.
Oh, that's good.
That's good.
Hey, I did the low carb thing for like how long?
Trust me, I can make a low carb pie.
No.
All right.
You said we had a second email.
Yeah.
Hello, LR, I just wanted to share a few random thoughts
as well as some reactions of mine to slightly older episodes.
Maybe you remember, or maybe you don't,
that Neko Atsume VR, a virtual reality adaptation
of everyone's favorite mobile cat collecting game
was released a few years ago for Japanese PS4s.
Do you remember?
I have almost enough credit in my Japanese PSN account to buy it.
So every so often I check to see if it went on sale.
This time, however, suffered something even better.
Neko Atsume VR is now available in North America.
It was released just this past August.
For only $17, you can relive the joy and thrills of Neko Atsume
in glorious first generation PlayStation VR.
So if you're interested, pounce on that.
Good tip.
You recently mentioned Mega Man Battle Network
as classic game of the week.
One of the chat comments mentioned
that they would love to see a successor.
Well, a successor already exists.
It's called One Step From Eden,
and it's a deck-building roguelite
that uses Battle Network's grid-based battle system
as its basis.
Along with a lengthy single-player campaign,
it also features local PVP and co-op.
Steam's user reviews are overwhelmingly positive,
and it's available in every modern console and PC platform,
yes, including Mac.
So if you enjoyed Battle Network back in the day,
you really ought to check it out.
While playing Forza Horizon 5, I realized something.
A lot of folks just say that it's Forza Horizon 4
on a different map, and in a way, it is.
But this doesn't give credit to the massive number
of new features, refinements, and improvements
that were made to Forza Horizon 4
since it launched back in 2018.
If you compare Forza Horizon 5 at launch
to Forza Horizon 4 today, yes,
they look almost like the same game on two different maps.
However, if you compare Forza Horizon 5 at launch
to day one version of Forza Horizon 4,
you will see a generational leap
that is in almost every respect,
and I wish more folks would recognize this.
Anyway, that's it now from me.
Thanks again for the show as always,
and have a great week.
Trying to shake off post-holiday doldrums, YYR.
Thanks, YYR.
And for those that are saying that Forza Horizon 5
is just more Forza Horizon 4,
why is that a bad thing?
It's like continuing this great song,
this great adventure, this great movie
with more of what you love.
But yeah, I also do agree.
Certainly the step up to series X and series S,
I know YYR has been playing on,
but that step up to be able to do that
from a graphical perspective just makes the game look
even that much better.
And just, I think there's a lot to appreciate.
I do see a step up,
but maybe I get that it's not the same step up
from three to four, two to three,
but why is that bad?
It's getting to the point where Forza Horizon
is so fucking good.
It's consistently a 90 plus critic reviewed game.
Not that it matters what the critics think,
but when they all are saying the same thing,
you can't help but listen.
It's constantly a 90 plus game.
How much better can we make it?
It's got a good formula.
Go with it.
So Mike Defton Chat says,
it's not a bad thing,
but that doesn't make it a game of the year contender.
And Bobby Blackwell says,
Deft, you are entitled to your wrong opinion.
And I am gonna side with Bobby on this one.
I will give Deft this.
I understand that that is probably the reason
it's getting overlooked for game of the year
is that it's a little too repetitive for some.
It's like, oh, well, four already did this.
So why would we nominate five game of the year
when four did this?
But I'm of the mindset where it's like,
well, you didn't give four game of the year.
At some point, you need to acknowledge
what the series is doing.
And at some point you need to...
It's like that person that's long overdue
for their fucking Oscar.
At some point, Glenn Close better win a fucking Oscar.
Am I right?
So there's just that whole thing.
So anyway, as Joe and Hunter Matt puts in chat,
not many games make it to game five.
At some point, you got to give the series an award.
Big, strong agree.
But at the same time, awards aren't everything.
I know the Grammy Award nominations came out this week.
And I have to say, I don't give a fuck about the Grammys.
It's been pointed out many times,
many issues with the Grammys.
Go look at what The Weeknd had to say
about the whole thing last year.
My understanding is, though,
and of course I'm going to smile and go,
all right, that's cute.
ABBA got nominated.
You all know I love ABBA from the 70s, right?
ABBA got nominated for their first ever Grammy this week
because I still have faith in you.
The reunion single got nominated for song of the year,
record of the year, one of those two things.
And I'm just sitting here going,
the greatest pop band of all time,
in my humble opinion,
the greatest pop band of all time
getting nominated for their first Grammy
just now in the year 2021
says all you need to know about why the Grammys are terrible.
I'm surprised they didn't get nominated
for best new artist, to be honest.
Bobby Blackwolf in chat says,
oh yeah, speaking of the game awards,
do we want to apply for an official co-stream for that, Rob?
Sure, yeah.
What was the time that it starts?
It doesn't start earlier than five Pacific, right?
I don't think it does.
As long as it's not earlier than five Pacific, I can do,
oh wait, I take that back.
What am I thinking?
I can do four Pacific.
So as long as, okay, that great.
Sounds good.
Next next Thursday.
Yeah, since it looks like getting down there to LA
is probably not going to happen for a multitude of reasons.
So that's fine.
I like what Jaskren said in chat.
Art is not a competition.
I like that.
It's very good.
You know what?
Your game of the year probably was,
there's probably gonna be lots of people's game of the years
that weren't nominated.
And that's, that's what it is.
That's funny.
Art is to a competition with yourself
cause it's never done.
All right.
Fair perspective.
Ooh, I'm almost missing a call in the green room.
I don't want to do that.
Let's get, yeah, I got to go to the green room and say,
hello, you're on orange lounge radio.
Who's this?
Hey, what's going on everybody?
It's Rama.
Hey Rama, it's good to hear from you.
Right back at you.
As you can see, I actually left the house for Thanksgiving.
What?
Leaving the house?
Overrated.
Who does that anymore?
I know it's a new thing.
And besides, I wore my mask and it was a very nice
Thanksgiving feast followed by laying around,
watching TV and doing Black Friday shopping online
where everything is delivered to the house.
You know, very chill stuff.
That is a great, that's, you know,
between the walking and everything,
I spent a lot of my extended weekend playing video games
and that felt very good.
SSJ100Matt in chat says,
putting on pants is very overrated.
Truth.
Truth.
It depends on your version of pants.
Cause some people need to wear underwear.
US pants.
Hey, that works.
That works.
And before I want to talk about what I want to call in,
I just want to say that, you know,
while I was doing my shift on Friday, working from home,
I figured, you know what,
let me turn on the switch and play some games.
I ended up finding myself looking at Paramount Plus
and watching a documentary called Console Wars.
But what was great about it was from Sega's point of view.
So it was really interesting.
Ooh.
I don't think I've seen that one.
I have to look that up.
I think I've heard of it, but I haven't seen it.
I need to look that up.
I just stumbled upon it.
I'm like, 16-bit graphics.
Let me see what this is all about.
Oh, wow.
This is from the other side.
This is good.
Paramount Plus has some good stuff on it, I got to say.
Like, again, I'm not being paid to shill them,
but I know there's a lot of talk about everybody's got their own streaming service.
But I get that.
But I will say, you know, because Paramount Plus was the CBS thing,
which was kind of weak.
It's a lot stronger now.
I will say this.
Like, the fact they're getting, like,
international versions of Survivor is super cool to me.
And that real-world reunion, they just started.
So I don't know if you guys even know this.
The real-world Los Angeles, which, like, that was when I was in high school.
Like, that was, like, growing up on, like, that series and watching it on TV.
That was reality TV, right?
Okay, so there was a girl from Alabama.
I was like, oh, my gosh.
Get this, Dark Sakura.
So what they did all these years later, it's a Paramount Plus exclusive show.
They got all of the original.
So they did it for the first one, New York.
They got all of the original cast together, except for one guy,
because he tested positive for COVID.
And they put them in a similar apartment and put them there for a week to revisit everything.
Well, they just debuted the second season with the LA cast.
And let me tell you, that cast has some history and they really get into it.
And you want to talk about alternate points of view.
Because everybody knows about, like, that hallway incident.
Like, that was television, right?
Is that the cast that had Pedro?
No, that was three.
That got dice here.
Yeah.
Apparently, they're skipping from two to nine.
They've already renewed it for a third season.
They're going to go all the way to the New Orleans one, because for whatever reason,
I would imagine the San Francisco one just they could not get enough.
Like, there's always someone who sits it out.
Obviously, we lost Pedro, and that is horribly tragic.
But I think with San Francisco, they probably I doubt, you know,
that conservative girl that's been on the view.
She's not going to fucking do it.
Uh, and a lot of those people in the cast are not going to do it.
But the L.A. people, I was surprised they got a lot of those people to do it.
There's a couple missing, but they got the people that were involved in that
whole thing with the trying to pull the girl's clothes off
with the blanket and dragging down the hallway.
I remember that.
Yeah.
See, that was very, very.
That was disgusting.
And they get into it.
And you you want to talk about hearing it from another point of view.
You find out things.
I'm not going to spoil it for those of you.
You hear her talk about things that she was dealing with at the time
that she never disclosed when she was doing the show.
And it makes you look at that from a whole new light.
And it's it's really, really interesting.
And the aggressor is still right there.
And at least at the end of the first episode, he wasn't totally hearing it.
He really wasn't still still all these years later really understanding it.
It was just it was really it's hard to watch in some ways.
And they have a car intent warning on it.
But I thought it was so interesting all these years later, for sure.
I might have to look on like YouTube or something.
Yeah.
So anyway, sorry, I didn't mean to.
I didn't mean to show Paramount Plus during your call, Rama.
But I will say, like there is I know they've been getting a lot of shit
about Star Trek Discovery in Europe as they should.
But at least here in the US, it's got a lot of good shit.
Jaskren says the Tony Bennett Lady Gaga concert also aired tonight on Paramount Plus.
Really?
I'm going to watch it.
They have the Madame X Madonna thing, too.
I got to say, Paramount Plus is I get why people dog on it.
But at the same time, they've got some really good shit.
Like they're up and coming pretty good.
And yes, they did.
They fixed the Discovery thing.
They're putting it on Pluto TV, which is Viacom's free thing in the UK.
So I don't know how that all works.
But yes, the UK gets Discovery after all.
Anyway, Rama, I'm sorry.
What did you actually call that tonight?
Not streaming TV.
Because you mentioned Gaga, I'm going to.
Are you going to see House of Gucci?
Yes or no?
No, because my friends that have seen it have all said it's not great.
Like it's not bad, but it's not great.
And just watch it when it's on Paramount Plus or whatever service it's on.
That's what I've heard about.
Sounds good.
You know, I love me some Gaga, though, but can I sit there for two and a half hours when
she's only in like 15, 20 minutes of it?
I don't know.
Fair enough.
So what I want to talk about real quick is along the lines of the whole Bobby Kotek drama,
because we had something similar happen out here a few years back at a local convention
to summarize.
We had a con chair.
He was one of those where if there was any issues whatsoever, you talk directly to him.
He was always on the floor talking to people and he would do whatever he could to take
care of it.
Well, there were some harassment issues coming that he was aware of.
So he did the right thing as the con chair.
He brought it up to the board and explained what was going on.
There were some department heads who thought that their shit didn't stink as well as harassing
other people.
And from my understanding, the board was basically like the boys club.
So as much as my friend, who was the con chair, kept bringing it up and trying to fix things,
he ended up stepping down.
He says, I can't do it anymore.
It was basically him against the world and he couldn't fight it.
So we have a new con chair come in and things got a lot worse and I can later send you links
to articles in regards to it.
But let's just say the harassment continued.
The con chair just threw a blind ear to it.
He was also like, well, if you scratch my back, I scratch your back, too.
You know, it got to the point where people got tired of it.
He stepped down and now we have a new con chair running this convention and he's basically
unfucking everything that had happened.
So but the board is all still there.
Far as I know, a couple of members of the board are still there.
The issue is with a lot of anime conventions is that it starts out as a fun thing.
And then when you realize what you can do and what power you have, it goes to your head
and it's like, yeah, there you go.
You could do whatever you want.
It's like, oh, it's fine.
We could do this.
It's fine to do that.
No, it is not.
This is one of the reasons why I don't staff conventions anymore, because I can tell you
stories of things I have seen, I have heard and I'm like, you know what?
I this is something I cannot do.
Nobody's holding the board accountable.
And that's your common denominator with the Activision story.
Right.
But I will say the difference is that one person tried to basically fight the board.
And so I just can't do it.
And I understand this all so much.
And what bothers me the most is that you're the con chair.
You're on the board.
You are basically the head guy.
And everybody else is like, yeah, no.
I mean, one person harassed a friend of mine to the point where she will not attend the
convention anymore.
She filed multiple grievances and complaints because he was friends with people on the
board.
They went to deaf ears.
And unfortunately, that's what it's going to take for the board to fight.
It's like I said, and you agree when I said money, you said, uh huh.
And that's what it's going to take.
Lack of money to change the tone.
And that is the common denominator with the Activision thing.
Now, of course, in the Activision thing, you also have a toxic, poisonous CEO who won't
get out of there and the board's protecting him.
I mean, none of these people threaten to kill anyone, at least as far as I know.
But my point is, is that it's going to take the shareholders starting to oust the board
members and holding those types of elections in order and as the only way that will happen
is if Activision continues to lose money.
I do want to point out Activision is losing money this year.
If you look at their stock and this is beyond just that recent dip in this, I mean, that
doesn't help, but this is beyond the recent Omnicron dip in the stock market.
This is Activision has been trending downward because this leak of stuff will not I guess
that's not not the right way to put it, but this this toxic leak will not get plugged
up.
Bobby Kotick is still there.
And you know what, Rob, the sad part is, is that regardless of what's going on at Activision,
people are going to pick up and play the games because, oh, this is my game.
I want to play it.
You shouldn't play.
Let's go.
I don't care.
I want to play that game.
Like I could tell you about issues with various conventions.
There is one guy who runs multiple conventions and he is a known registered sex offender.
But you know what?
People still go to his conventions because of their friends that are going, the guests
that are appearing and all that.
And he has screwed the guests in the past.
He has screwed the hotels in the past.
He's not even allowed to be in certain hotels because he owes them money.
But you know what?
He continues to run these conventions and people will go.
It's like any reason to go to a convention equals to any reason to buy the game.
I guarantee you Activision can have a fire sale on the latest Call of Duty and put it
out and say it's $19.99.
The sheer number of people that will go that will that will buy it.
Just saying.
Sure.
You know what, though?
I'm putting my foot down no more.
Not on my watch.
I'm one person.
Maybe I don't matter, but it's got to start somewhere.
Dude, you matter.
I have a friend who worked for Activision Blizzard.
She was.
She did like she worked like on the board.
So she's told me some horror stories, you know, and we used to play Overwatch.
No, I have I have not touched Overwatch since all of this happened.
And I'm like, you know what?
I have plenty of other games that I can play in the meantime.
Yep.
I am perfectly content playing Powerwash Simulator over Diablo two until Bobby Kotick
is handled.
I just picked up I just picked up Xenoblade Chronicles.
I could start playing that and check it out and check that out.
You know, that's a lot of fun.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I just picked up Ghost of Tsushima directors cut from as well.
I'm like, that's a I'll definitely you know.
There's no shortage of games, people.
There's no shortage of games, people.
I mean, look, if I really want to if I really want to play something like Call of Duty,
I'll go play Battlefield and Call of the Day.
That's it.
Bobby Blackwell was pointing out Paladins versus Overwatch.
Why not?
Mike Deft in chat says Pokemon Unite to fill the salt in my life.
West Buster says as a side note, since news of California's investigation broke this summer,
ATVI has lost 30 percent of its value.
Yep.
And also supports what you're saying is Xenoblade Chronicles is awesome.
That's request.
So I am not I'm not shedding a tear over this, you know, and the thing is,
I also have friends that work Activision Blizzard, and those are where my tears are going because
I know they are they are victims trying to make a paycheck in this horrible situation
that and I feel bad because I'm sitting here going, well, I'm boycott.
But it just hit a point where I'm like, nothing else is working and the situation isn't changing.
It has to it has to like Activision has to be hurt financially for the exactly to do
fucking anything besides forming a committee to investigate themselves.
Which is so transparent, I'm so glad people are seeing right through it,
especially in the financial channels and calling them on their bullshit.
It's just anyway.
Yes. And Bobby Blackwell says not only are they getting a paycheck,
those employees still really care about the worlds they are creating.
Yes. And I cannot wait to experience them
when Bobby Kotek is gone and that day is over due and counting.
Exactly. Exactly.
Rama, anything else on your mind tonight before we wrap it up?
One quick thing and I'm gonna get out of here.
You ever see development?
Oh, it's many times.
It's been a while, but yeah, of course.
Multi pass.
OK, for the high pass for the podcast listeners,
he's holding up a multi pass on the camera there.
So and it has a multi task and it has and it has my covid card in here.
So I'm like a friend of mine was selling these.
I'm like, I want one.
I'm like, give me one.
I keep this at my desk.
So I know because this week I am getting the booster shot.
So that's cute.
I love that the multi passes the covid that I just have the thing because they built it
into iPhone where you can just bring up the bar code and everything is just right there,
which I like.
So I don't bother with my card anymore.
So I just think it's something to have.
So, you know, it is it is.
If assuming Dragon Con still mandates vaccine or prior test or whatever they do next year,
I will take a multi pass and have it in there and do it that way.
That's that's what my friend puts him up for sale.
I will shoot all of y'all a message.
OK, sounds good.
All right.
Take care, Rama.
Thanks so much for the call.
Appreciate you.
All right.
Take care, y'all.
Bye.
All right.
Oh, we have another.
We got another call.
Let's do it.
Let's just go right to another call.
Hi.
You are on Orange Lounge Radio.
Who's this?
This week, VX JasonXV calls into Orange Lounge Radio once again and extends his talking time
total.
We love hearing you talk here on Orange Lounge Radio.
I remember when you were when we were in a situation, you had the ability to sit in on
episodes and always loved having you here, Jason.
And it's a pleasure to have you here tonight.
What's on your mind?
Oh, in the before times, as as they call it these days.
Yeah, indeed.
Have you have any of you watched Legends of the Hidden Temple?
Not the new one.
Just the one back in the day movie.
Also that which I only recently, I think, relearned about.
But I was I was alluding to the game show series that started back up in the last what?
Just last month, I think, or October.
That was last month.
It's not December yet.
No, my my friend Victoria from Shaking and Crying, that show that we had here,
really wanted to audition for that with me.
And I wanted to do it, too.
But it's just there was no way I was going to be able to get down to L.A. and do that.
I'll do all that stuff.
But yeah, we would we would have been so good on that show.
But is it adults now?
It's yeah, it's adults.
It was it's a little strange to me because the casting call that I saw
said like eighteen to twenty ones, like like sub twenty fives.
But there have definitely been older groups like there were
last weeks or two episodes ago, two episodes ago.
Definitely.
I've watched the whole series so far.
The whole season.
Don't worry.
There's a minute more in the temple and people are still fucking everything up.
So it's not just kids that are stupid.
It's a little it's a little weird because the casting call that I saw was early 20 somethings.
Yet two episodes ago, I think it was the Silver Snakes, one of the teams,
the teams that was at the Temple Run, both of them were in the original airing of the show.
And it's been 22 years alone since the show.
More than that.
It's been like 25 years.
Yeah.
So I don't know if like I don't know.
I don't know anything about how L.A. Hollywood TV shows work.
I don't know if there were multiple casting calls.
I don't know if it was just like apply anyways.
And maybe the producer will accept you.
I don't know how you are correct.
They're putting their feelers out everywhere.
They have casting calls here.
They post on social media.
They probably have recruiters that go out and try to find people.
It's it's all of it.
They probably they probably had contact information for past contestants.
And they probably looked that way to try to find them.
I bet they did.
But yeah, no, I know that it's on the CW, right?
And I'm assuming you can watch in their app or something like that or maybe one of those things.
That's pretty cool that I keep I keep forgetting that it's back.
I saw a commercial for it at random.
But yeah, I just I keep forgetting it's back.
But that's so cool.
It's these these last many years, adult grown up, much more mature.
Jason, relatively speaking, has come out.
It's it's just been really, really weird to me because like I think about all the conflicts
I used to have with people, just like social situation and conflicts and those sorts of things.
And the rationales that I gave at the time, the times that I know I didn't have a rationale
and I made shit up because I wasn't going to give up my core point.
And then I kind of take a step back and think about that in conflicts in general of things
of things that don't have like, you know, an obvious aggressor damage detriment,
that sort of thing.
But just just social strife.
The thing that you hear about more often than not, then, you know, the worst of physical
examples and everything else.
And it's just kind of like, you know, you know, complaints between you and your parents
about your parents believing this way and telling you why, but you feeling differently,
but not having the life experience to really talk about yet.
And it's just it's so many different and annoying things to think about that.
Accept yourself for who you are, but you probably have to be this different way in this different
situation.
You know, lean into the I I've used the I have a face for radio joke against myself
and I still kind of feel that way.
You know, lean into it because that's who I am.
But there's going to be limits to it.
And radio, you know, audio only only goes so far these days.
And this channel is one of the very few situations I can think of any other channel and anybody
else, anybody else's production that does something like that.
Independence Day had had its sequel.
Jeez, it was either 2016 or 2018 or something like that.
And I finally watched it a couple of weeks ago and I thought to myself, is this movie
terrible or am I just an adult now?
Because I loved the first one, but the second one was just goofy as hell.
And I don't know.
I don't know what to blame it on.
I don't.
I didn't look up if it's the same director, the same producer, the same writer.
I'm pretty sure it is.
Rob something.
Rod or Rob something.
Or if it's just there.
Thank you.
You nailed it.
It's the I have this conversation with myself over and over and over about social situations.
And it's there's there's never going to be a resolution.
There's never going to be one single answer that applies in every case.
And it's just a really difficult topic to I don't want to use the word agonize over,
but the only term that's coming to mind is agonize over.
Um, I don't know where to begin.
Um, yeah, there's I thought about caveatting this.
I'm going to rely on you and your ability to make sense of my rambling, not lunacy.
It makes sense, but it's also kind of interesting.
All of those little like lemons that life throws at you.
We just had an extensive conversation about something I'm going through.
There wasn't something I was facing when I was 21.
And, you know, kind of like a lot of the changes that that's caused in my own life.
And so, you know, sometimes there isn't.
You know, those changes and those things, there's not a lot you can do about it.
You know, whether it be genetic disposition or just the fact that bad things happened
to people all the time.
And it's just the way that it is.
The only thing you kind of can control is how do you sort of respond?
To those types of situations, right?
Yeah, that that's all you really can do.
But I think it's nice that these sorts of comfort foods like classic video games,
like a remasters of classic video games, even like, oh, no, did we lose Jason?
No, we lost Jamie.
That's weird.
All right.
She should be back.
That's odd.
Oh, this is a weird little hiccup.
Um, uh, but we have like, you know, those types of comfort food types of things.
The old game shows that come back again to sort of remind us of those better times,
even if the situation now might be different.
For example, if you think about it, because of what I'm dealing, you know,
I love those types of reality shows, like The Survivor and Big Brother.
And people have joked to me that.
Sorry, I heard a very strange noise outside.
Sorry, guys.
So joys of doing things live in your house.
Um, anyway, um, where was I?
Oh, yes.
Um, I love those types of shows like Survivor and Big Brother and so forth.
Um, and people say, oh, you should go on Survivor.
You should go on Survivor.
The reality is kind of sitting in now that they would never touch me with my condition.
Yeah.
I'm never going to get put on that show now.
Um, and that's just age.
I say that.
I say that not.
I say that not to insult you, of course, but the nature that all of those are the young,
hot.
Well, that I know of.
They have 40 and 50 somethings that go on that show.
They usually try to diversify the age a little bit, but there are more of the good looking
model types that are recruited from bars.
Yes, absolutely.
My chances would be lower, but not gone.
And now it's like that's never going to happen.
But I have ways to play it online when I have the time.
I have other ways to, you know, kind of participate and so forth.
My point is, is that, you know, the situations will change and it's how you respond to them
that truly is you and your character and so forth.
And sometimes it's neat to revisit things from a different time because it not only
necessarily reminds you about thing, but it reminds you of that simpler time when your
problems didn't seem as bad as they are today.
Or maybe the opposite in some cases, depending on what it is.
Yeah.
Yeah, that topic just spirals endlessly because it's also like finding your people to enjoy
it with and having to deal with the people that don't.
That's huge, yes.
No, finding your people is so important.
It really is.
Yeah.
Thank God for the internet.
You folks, I agree with you in opinion when we were talking about, when you were talking
about the Mass Effect TV show, that a unique story is more preferable to, hey, let's take
the game and put it on TV.
The game was an experience and people, it is very, games by nature being interactive
is very highly personal to oneself.
And so to retell that story, yeah, is probably, you're not going to satisfy everyone, but
picking one person's story is probably going to satisfy the fewest of them all in the grand
scheme of things.
I like remasters because I know the technology changes.
I don't have a lot of older devices.
I like the ability to have it again.
Rebuying it, that's a little difficult in the era of cloud gaming and I've always been
an emulating person.
So with the official blessing of that and cloud gaming and everything else, opportunities
for preservation and back catalog stuff is happening even more.
Yeah, I think the summary of everything that I'm getting at is that everything is fucking
difficult.
Weave your way through it.
Do what you enjoy at no detrimental expense to others.
Don't be a Roblox harasser fucking ass hat for the subs.
How about if people just not be twats?
It would be lovely.
Yeah, do what you love and solicit the help of either your social circle, a guidance counselor,
mental health therapist, whatever the desired level is for seemingly irresolvable conflicts.
There are the things out there for you to express yourself in the way that you want
to do and there are the people to help you through it when it becomes difficult and you
want to keep going down that road.
There are people that can help you with that and you should absolutely avail yourself of
them as difficult as that may be in and of itself as well.
I think we'll leave it on that note.
Thank you, Jason.
I really appreciate the call and the introspection tonight.
That oh so happy thought in the post Thanksgiving still burn off and December ramp up and...
It's it's necessary just because it's just because it's I don't know what the right word
would be difficult to talk about doesn't mean it shouldn't be so.
Oh, absolutely.
A hundred percent.
Absolutely.
All right.
Take care of my friend.
We'll we'll hear from you next week for sure, at least in the intro.
But I hope we talk again on these calls again real soon.
Absolutely.
Hear me later.
All right.
Take care, buddy.
All right.
And you will hear Jason later in the outro of the show, that's for sure.
OK, that's going to do it for phone calls tonight and we are about to wrap up.
However, before we get there, I do I solicited tweets tonight and Jason brought up emulation
and I was like, oh, yeah, we had a tweet.
I want to get to it.
So we had a tweet tonight from at Garth the Wolf.
And if you want to follow us on OLR at OLR is the place to do it.
Who tweeted us a potential topic for tonight, saying Nintendo's N64 emulation for their
online service is shoddy at best.
Ocarina of Time is plagued with lag issues and degraded visuals with similar issues in
Mario Kart 64 and Super Mario 64.
Thoughts?
You think Nintendo will patch this?
Um, no, I think they're under pressure to I I'm a little less cynical.
I think they will eventually, especially if they want people to renew that thing in a
year.
Um, but boy, boy, did a lot of people learn a lesson about paying for something for a
year on name alone.
And boy, was that a tough lesson to learn?
I didn't get it.
And I certainly have.
But when I see tweets like that and feedback about how the emulation really in that I'm
certainly not motivated to get it now.
So I just I don't know how many cynical people like me are truly out there and how many people
bought it on name alone and the promise of all this other stuff, or maybe the Animal
Crossing DLC, if you look at it, really did kind of enhance the value if that was something
you were into.
So there's a variety of reasons.
But yeah, I think Nintendo will be pressured to patch it, but they're certainly in no hurry.
In my opinion, they've got a year to do it because they got a bunch of people already
pony up a year.
So don't expect it tomorrow.
But if it does drop tomorrow, great.
All right.
Thank you for the tweets at O L R.
I'll try to incorporate more.
So I know you guys tag us and I don't always read them on the show because I forget on
Sunday night, but I'll try to remind myself to check that more often if you guys want
to send us some lovely tweets at O L R for now, though.
Hey, we're two and a half hours in.
I thought this would be a shorter show tonight, and it's kind of a normal length show.
We just had a lot of good, good, good things to chew on here at the table after Thanksgiving.
So I appreciate you guys being here and going through the show with us all.
I do want to check real quick and ask for any last minute stories from my co-host.
I'm not expecting any this week, but not for me.
OK, there's the I guess project that's called Destination Home.
They've been working on this project for years now to reattempt to bring PlayStation Home
back, and apparently they're still making some more progress on that.
They have released a teaser trailer showing some of the stuff that I mean, they've kind
of brought back some of the spaces and everything.
So if Sony shuts it down, it'll tell you something.
I'm surprised they haven't tried to like spin it off to make like, you know, their
own thing instead of bringing PlayStation Home back, just like make a new thing that's
not PlayStation Home, like VR chat and release it on PlayStation, the ultimate gag.
Yeah, it's like, all right.
Are they gagging?
That's going to bring our show to a close for tonight.
Thank you guys for listening to our show.
Whether you were here live or you downloaded us on the podcast feed through your favorite
player like iTunes, Spotify, whatever it was.
Thank you so much for being a part of the show this week.
Appreciate y'all.
If you enjoyed what you heard here at the show, tell a friend or two about the show.
Help us spread the word.
We are the show where every gamer has a voice, but we need the voices here to add to the
conversation.
So a nice five star review on one of those sites, a social media post hosting here at
Twitch.
I mean, you kind of have to do it live on Sunday night, but hey, we'll take anything
we can get that helps spread the word.
I really, really appreciate that.
The Vaga Network shop is currently down for maintenance.
We didn't do a lot of work on it this week because of Thanksgiving.
We'll be honest, but hopefully in the next couple of weeks, we'll have some more progress
on that front for you guys, especially if anybody's wanting holiday merch.
We'll try to get that up pretty soon for you guys.
Otherwise, that's all I've got.
Thank you guys again for being here tonight.
We will be back next week to do it all again.
It's time to get the final thoughts.
I will start with Dark Sakura because I know she's going to set up for her post stream
over at her channel.
I have a new intro video that I managed to finish right at the start of Orange House
Radio and some temporary AFK and thank you things.
I've been really working, trying to get a little bit more skill in Final Cut Pro.
And I think I've done something pretty nice.
Maybe I have to master the music a little bit better in logic, but I think doing okay.
But this is the second week now of weaning off my meds and I am not a pleasant person
to be around at a busy IKEA.
We'll leave it at that.
All right.
Well, have a good night, Dark Sakura, and bully some survivors for us.
Later taters.
All right.
We will go now to Loki with his final thought.
Loki, what's your final thought for tonight?
My final thought is I need to get my new video out and then I got to figure out what to do
between now and whenever the new series starts, because I don't know.
I'm trying to get them to nail down timing for that, but it's going to be like an awkward
couple of weeks or so.
It's all up to figure something out until then.
All right.
And my final thought, I will be back streaming tomorrow.
I haven't streamed in a couple of weeks, but I will get back into the post work.
Obviously, y'all know things have been going on, but I'm going to get back into the post
work habit of streaming.
So I'll see you guys around 4.15-4.30 Pacific tomorrow at my channel, Rob Roberts.
I'm going to be playing some No Man's Sky, continuing on the first expedition.
And I'm already about halfway through it, so I'll kind of pick it up and answer any
questions for those of you guys that are starting it the best I can and so forth.
So I'll see you guys tomorrow.
Also, I want to say thanks again for those downloading the show, listening to the show,
supporting the show.
It means a lot.
And thanks to the emails and the kind words and the love.
I could go on and on, but here we come, year 20.
We're only about a month away in episode 900, if you can believe it.
Only a few weeks away.
Have a great week, everybody.
Happy Hanukkah to those that celebrate.
Hope you all had a great Thanksgiving.
Here comes December, believe it or not.
Get vaccinated so that this Omnicron thing doesn't become an issue.
Good Lord.
All right.
Have a good night, everybody.
Bye.
See you next week.
Bye.
