As I read the news this week, I was going to defend Streamlabs based on my own experiences
in open source software, forks, derivatives, and so on.
Then I saw that they filed for the legal right of a name that includes OBS, and we all know
how well that worked out for In the Groove, which didn't even include the name DDR,
just the entire technical foundation of it.
This is another story of foolish decisions.
Now it's time for your hosts, Rob Roberts, Jamie Summers, and Loki to bring you more
in this and the rest of the week's gaming news, starting right now on the show where
every gamer has a voice.
Hello, my friends out there on the internet.
Welcome back to another week of the show where every gamer has a voice.
It is Orange Lounge Radio, and we are live with y'all once again, episode number 892
of our show, live on this November the 21st of 2021.
Happy 19 November, 20 November to those back in the good old DDR days where the roots of
our show were made, and happy 21 November, even though I don't think that song actually
exists, but it should.
Hi, I am Rob Roberts, and I'm joined as always by DarkSakura or Jamie Summers, hello, who
is muted.
Let's try again.
Hello.
Crap.
Gosh.
Hi.
Hi.
How are you doing?
I'm okay.
I'm liking the new angle tonight.
We get to see a little bit different angle of the lair of DarkSakura.
I finally, I had the hardest time finding a clamp that could sit on my big widescreen
monitor.
So finally I found a different kind of mount that I could clamp to the, you and I have
the same IKEA desk.
Oh yeah, that's right.
I remember that.
Yeah, yeah.
So I have a clamp that now will sit up there and have my phone, because I use my iPhone
as my webcam because it's far better than any webcam on the market.
And so I needed it a little bit more central and now it is, and people can see every time
I dip in, when I move with the camera, every time I try to kill people in Dead by Daylight.
I need to get a mic arm for my office.
I really like this one I have here in the old studio where we used to gather pre-COVID,
but I like this mic arm.
I need something like this that'll hold my Elgato mic, because I just bought a new, now
I can't even remember the name of it, but it's Elgato's microphone.
That's basically the response to Blue Yeti.
And I heard good things about it.
It's nice.
I like it.
It's what?
I was going to say the Audio-Technica one that I have is, actually mine came with my
arm and everything with it.
And it's been an absolute delight.
Gotcha.
Mike Deff says the Wave 3.
Thank you.
That is the name of it.
Thanks, Mike.
Hi.
And that is our chat room, because we do tape live every Sunday night at six o'clock Pacific,
nine o'clock Eastern, right after the Bobby Black Wolf show.
I will, twitch.tv slash, no, I haven't, Vogue Network, right after the Bobby Black Wolf
show.
And of course, I'm going to say hello to Techmaster Loki and his mic arm as well.
Hi, Loki.
Hello.
How are you doing?
I'm doing fine.
I'm a little tired because I've been staying up till three in the morning each day.
I hear you've been working hard on that, Mike, because I know I've seen a lot of tweets.
You've been really trying to kind of like wrap up your current storyline Minecraft so
you can move on to, I know you've got a new kind of thing for Minecraft, right?
So
I've been playing Minecraft, but I've actually been playing just on their server.
Yeah, their certain aircraft, just to mess around.
And so that's what I've been busy doing up until three in the morning.
But yes, this week, though, I did take off to actually work on that, because I do have
to finish up some builds.
I already have the last two episodes of the season planned already.
So I just have to do the things.
And I have one, thankfully, one of them is going to be a server tour, which is very low
effort.
No, I mean, it's not low effort, but it's just like, I don't have to build anything
else to design anything.
So it goes quicker.
But I still have to finish polishing up my base a bit so that it's kind of complete,
you know.
But yeah, it's gonna be fun.
Yeah.
So, you know, a lot of people took off this next week for the holidays and all that stuff.
So, yeah.
Happy Thanksgiving to all the folks out there in OLR land, at least the ones in the States,
Canada.
You already had yours.
And Hanukkah is the week after.
Oh, that's right.
It's really early this year, relatively, isn't it?
Well, keep in mind, it follows a lunar calendar.
I know, but still.
But not everybody knows that, so that's why I'm saying it.
Yeah.
Yeah.
So it's the same reason why Easter, you know, changes every year because it actually follows
the same calendar that all the other Jewish holidays follow.
Sure.
So, but my body doesn't follow or my work schedule don't follow the lunar calendar.
So it is a little novel to see Hanukkah in November.
That's not usually the way it is.
It's not the first time, though.
I'm pretty sure I've seen it this early before.
It's been pretty funny because like all the last few years, it's actually been, if not
the same week as Christmas and awfully close to it.
Right.
And which made everything easier for planning holiday stuff, but not this year.
So c'est la vie.
It is what it is.
That's okay.
I'll still have latkes until the end of the year.
Yum, yum, yum.
Wishing everyone, no matter where you are in the world, a happy Thanksgiving and in
the spirit of being thankful for, you know, the good things you have going on this year.
Hopefully, you know, it's been a year of a lot of ups and downs for me, but I try to
focus on the ups and being thankful.
And of course, I'm thankful for Sunday nights.
I really am.
I'm thankful to hang out here with you guys and talk about what's going on in gaming.
I'm thankful for my co-hosts who are just as crazy as I am, quite frankly, when it comes
to having the dedication to do this for as long as we've been doing it, heading into
our 20th year in a few weeks, if you can believe it.
What were we thinking?
I don't know, but this, I'm going to be honest, like this has been a hard week to be a gaming
fan.
There's a lot, there's some hard news this week that's really, really frustrating.
And we're going to get into that in a minute.
Let me try to start with something positive.
How about we do a feedback sandwich?
We'll do positive, then we'll do negative, then we'll do our gaming weeks back to positive.
So let's start with positive.
I want to give a shout out to YYR, our listener who's here a lot and emails us a lot.
And you might remember our last, on last week's show, he said he was going to do a stream.
I only was able to catch a little bit of it via mobile because I was, I'm really focused
on my health and my walking and all that.
And it just kind of happened to be around the same time, but I caught some of it.
And then I caught the big announcement, which we, I think I retweeted it on the OLR account,
but his game, so he's an indie game developer, right?
And you know, he developed the original Pixel Poops from an idea that came from Dark Sakura
and us here at OLR, which then Loki evolved into the sequel that he's talked about.
That's now featured in magazines as seen in Cool Shit Magazine, Pixel Poops number two.
I have, I have five copies coming.
I ordered a few copies to come in.
That's great.
Um, so, but of course YYR, he's developed other games.
He's got a lot of cool games that are out there on Steam and otherwise, you know, um,
I like falling as a, as a retro throwback, but one of the other big games he launched
is super multitasking, which I'm telling you guys, it's really good.
It's like playing WarioWare four times at once.
Well, YYR announced on his stream, he's adding to it a dance game pad mode and get, it's,
it's not just controlling the existing games, but there's a dance game thrown in.
No, no, no.
What happens is that there's like a dance game that plays in the middle bar that you
have to step on the arrows and do all that shit.
Meanwhile, the other three lanes are still lighting up with games that you're playing
on your controller while you are dancing.
It's brilliant.
For fuck's sake.
It's, it's brilliant.
What does he think we're made of?
I don't understand why this game hasn't gone viral.
It's so good.
So super multitasking.
And I think you'd have to have the superpowers of a single mother.
So anyway, check that out on Steam if you haven't already over at super multitasking.
Yay YYR.
Yay, Aaron.
Yay.
Good news.
Love that.
Uh, Dark Tetsuya says, yeah, I heard he threw down the gauntlet to Chris for life to try
it out.
Uh, yeah, he was tagged in that tweet.
So, uh, I thought that was, uh, pretty funny.
So I hope he does.
It's great.
Okay.
Um, not so great news.
Uh, let's get into it.
Look here.
I know many of you at OLR, you know what's coming because you're tuned to gaming blogs.
You probably listen to other podcasts.
You are on social media.
So you know why I'm about to give a hearty fuck you to Bobby Kotick.
And in fact, it's at a point it needs to go further than that.
I'll get into that in a moment.
Um, and it's just this Activision story that will not quit.
And I think we all clearly see the reason why it will not quit.
That reason is becoming very apparent this week.
However, I know there's a handful of you that, you know, you're more casual gamers.
Maybe you don't follow all the headlines, but you listen to OLR cause you like me, Jamie
and Matt.
Thank you for that.
Love ya.
This is a difficult content or this is a difficult topic.
Content warning, everything like it's, it's, it's awful.
This, this is awful.
I hate it.
And this is why I'm saying when it comes to being a gamer this week, this story sucks.
And the fact that it is not already resolved by his firing, his releasing sucks more.
Anyway, I've got plenty more rants coming.
Let's go to the facts.
Ricky, um, tell us about some of the things that have developed with the CEO of Activision
blizzards, King Bobby Kotick this week.
Yeah.
So there was a report done by the wall street journal that kind of talked about some of
the allegations, um, that were happening kind of behind the whole California lawsuit.
And they said that over the years, um, that apparently Mr. Kotick has been accused by
several women of mistreatment, both inside and outside of the workplace.
And in some instances has worked to settle the complaints quickly and quietly, which
you know, it sounds like a person with money would do so, uh, makes sense.
Um, he also apparently was, uh, there was a flight attendant that, or his private flight
jet flight attendant who was suing him for sexual harassment.
Um, that was committed, I guess, by the pilot of his jet saying, I'm going to destroy you.
Um, and then, yeah, just lots of different examples of that kind of stuff.
So that's, that's kind of the kicking off point right here is as if it wasn't bad enough
already.
Now there's this kind of a bombshell report.
Sorry, Loki.
I'm going to do this to you a lot.
I'm going to jump in because I'm not saying this in a, I was right kind of way, but I'm
saying this.
I, I hate that this has just proven true.
I said way back when, when this first started, I said, the culture of a company is set at
the top.
It's set at the very top.
And at the time I was pointing the finger a little bit of Bobby Kotek, I backed off
a little bit with that response that came up and I shouldn't have this, this news that's
coming out.
This just proves that shit culture was started at the top.
Continue Loki.
Sorry.
Oh no.
It gets worse.
It's not just him.
It's not just him, but then let's, let's get into some other details.
So we have former blizzard technology chief built Ben Kilgore, who was fired in 2018 and
after investigation for multiple allegations of sexual harassment, but he was thanked for
his many contribute contributions over the last four and a half years.
Javier Panamaino, who was the former supervisor at Sledgehammer Games.
And he was accused of raping one woman and sexually harassing a second one.
Apparently they had reported those instances to the HR and back in 2017, but they apparently
did not investigate the allegations or fire the supervisor.
Dan Bunting, co-head of Treyarch, which apparently he was accused of sexual harassing a female
coworker in 2017, after a night of drinking.
In 2019, an internal investigation reported that he recommended that he be fired, but
that Bobby Kotek intervened to prevent that firing and saying that after considering the
potential actions in light of that investigation, the company elected not to terminate Mr. Bunting,
but instead oppose other disciplinary measures.
So we have a lot of like all of the higher ups, just all of these harassment allegations.
I mean, there's a ton of smoke.
Because the culture was set at the top.
Yeah.
Disgusting.
And he's been protecting these people.
It's like, he's like best buds with Yves Guimond.
I mean, peas in a pod.
What about...
Go ahead.
Go ahead.
Let Jamie speak.
Go ahead.
I'm also going to add in, though, that this is what happens when men are raised with a
disrespect for women.
It starts at home and then corporate wide, it starts at the top, like you said.
It's a symptom of a bigger problem.
And we're now really seeing very obvious results of this.
This is why feminism exists.
Just saying right now, this is why we're not shutting up and this is why it gets louder
and louder.
So please continue.
Yeah.
So since he was found to be not only ignoring and downplaying harassment against female
employees for a very long time now.
So there were, of course, the Activision Blizzard employees there, the Workers Alliance,
that's basically said, you know, we're staging a walkout because we want him to resign.
And of course, he's not going to resign.
So they even put out a petition to have him quit as well.
They have twelve hundred signatures of different employees at the company.
I mean, clearly people want him to go, but he ain't going, unfortunately.
Where's the part?
Can you can you skip to the part about Jen O'Neill and everything that she's been going
through?
Because this is the part to me that just underlines like this.
This is that he he is lying now.
This is not even like and when they when they come into this whole stuff about we're going
to fix it and these things are in the past.
No, bitch.
He has you all fooled.
He is lying now after everything came out.
He is still treating women like shit.
No.
So Jennifer, unequal pay and all this.
Go ahead, Logie.
Yeah.
So basically she had been there revealed that she had been sexually harassed at the company
earlier in her career and basically saying that I've been token tokenized, marginalized
and discriminated against.
And, you know, even attended, I guess, was a party in 2007 with Bobby Kotick in which
they had like, I guess, strippers dancing on stripper poles or something like that and
encourage female attendees to drink more so the men would have a better time.
So fun stuff.
I would like for him to just be castrated.
He needs he needs to go yesterday.
Bobby Kotick needed to be fired by the board yesterday and Monday or whenever this news
came out Monday, Tuesday, whatever happened, he should have been escorted out by the board
the next day.
I can't believe and I am enraged.
I am enraged as a gamer, as somebody, as a fucking human being that is sick of this shit.
I am enraged that this motherfucker is still in power over at Activision Blizzard.
Fuck him.
And I am fucking pissed that this board is enabling him, allowing him to stay in this
position.
Did you hear this story that broke three hours ago?
Can't wait for this.
You ready for a new twist?
Bobby Kotick, the Wall Street Journal, because they have they clearly clearly they are leaks
on.
There are very big leaks on the inside from people that recognize there is a big problem.
Well, the Wall Street Journal mentioned that Kotick met with Blizzard executives on Friday
and said, quote, he would consider leaving the company if he can't quickly fix the culture
problems at the video game giant.
From the Wall Street Journal report, Mr. Kotick, who has led Activision for three decades,
stopped short of saying he would step down in a Friday meeting with executives of the
company Blizzard Entertainment Unit, but left the possibility open if misconduct issues
around the company weren't fixed with speed.
These people said it has been 30 years.
Of this culture.
That Bobby Kotick has set the time for the killer is in the house.
The problem is in the house.
The issue is Bobby Kotick, who must go now.
And that's it.
And I am so enraged with this to a point, and I I will no longer stand by and enable
this company.
And I feel horrible saying this because I know people that work at Blizzard.
I know people that work at Activision.
I know people that were laid off at Blizzard while Bobby Kotick continued to receive a
huge bonus.
That's a whole other point.
And I know these are good people.
These are victims.
These are victims of this culture that Bobby Kotick is set.
Why doesn't the zero tolerance policy that was set apply to the man at the top?
Why is the board not applying that policy consistently?
And as far as I'm concerned, I want nothing to do with Activision Blizzard King until
this man is removed.
And when I say that, I mean, I'm not talking about their products on the show anymore.
And I know there's a lot of people that are going to say big fucking deal.
Nobody listens to your podcast anyway.
But you know what?
It's got to fucking start somewhere.
I am not going to stand by and promote this fucking culture until Bobby Kotick is gone.
Period.
So as far as I'm concerned, as excited as I was for Diablo 4, I regret buying Diablo
2.
I will no longer talk about those games on this show.
And it sucks.
As a fan of gaming and someone who is a gamer.
You want to hear about those companies?
I'm sorry, but you're going to need to go somewhere else.
It's as simple as that.
And I'm sorry to my friends that work there.
And believe me, I've heard the other side.
You're not helping those people by boycotting these products.
I'm sorry.
This is where my conscience is at.
I cannot tell people to spend money that's going to ultimately end up in Bobby Kotick's
pocket.
I'm sorry.
It's not even just that because he's there.
He's actively hurting the company.
I mean, basically, both the heads of PlayStation and Xbox have been disturbed by what they've
been hearing.
And even Xbox, you know, they said, well, you know, basically, this type of behavior
has no place in industry.
And they said that even reconsidering their relationship with the company.
I appreciate that.
I realize he has to use softer language because it's corporate speak.
He can't say the things I'm saying now because he's the head of a very large gaming company.
But I respect the hell out of Phil Spencer for taking that stand.
I respect the hell out of him for saying, for not falling in line and letting the money
do the talking.
And for, you know, I'm sure Call of Duty or what the fuck ever Activision's got going
on in partnership with Xbox right now.
I've got a real respect for Phil Spencer to look in the face of all that and say, you
know what? Maybe we need to not.
So props to you and to be fair, Sony has made a I believe Sony made a similar statement
and I apologize.
I don't in the moment remember who, but I think that should be commended as well.
I don't want to give Microsoft all of the credit I want.
And this is the part that makes me feel a little better is that some of these other
people are now putting the pressure on.
And this, unfortunately, is the only thing the board is going to really be able to see.
It was the CEO, Jim Ryan.
Thank you. So thank you, Jim Ryan.
Thank you, Phil Spencer. Thank you for doing what needs to be done because I'm.
Yeah, money speaks.
If they're going to take the money out of the pocket, then that's what I'm down for.
Right. It's it's.
I'll put it this way, if I were to express exactly how angry I am, I would probably have
to do that and then go on a very long break.
And I want to make this very clear, even though I have said.
We are not going to cover Activision Blizzard King until this man is gone, which I'm hoping
will be a one week boycott, quite frankly.
I'm hoping next week this this all reaches, but unfortunately, the time for this to happen
has already passed.
So I don't know if that's the holidays messing this all up or what, but I'm standing by
this. We're not talking about that company until that man is gone.
So and but here's the thing, and this is very important.
It is not my place.
It is not your place to tell other content creators what they can and cannot play.
I already told you that some people have a different outlook, that by not talking about
the products, you're hurting the frontline workers.
I think Bobby Kotick is a man that has already hurt frontline workers, and that's been
demonstrated from the layoff that he did prior while he still pocketed a large bonus with
that. So that's why that's a huge part of why I reached the conclusion that I did, is
that if Bobby Kotick wants a bonus, he'll he'll lay people off.
And that's really unfortunate and shitty.
But again, it's not up to us to tell other content creators what they can and cannot
cover. So I want to make that very clear.
If you have friends that are streaming Overwatch and continue to do so or whatever, then
you know what? More power to them.
For example, some some deep friends here of Orange Lounge Radio that used to be a part of
the Voice Geeks Network are pals over at Girls Gone Wow.
I fully expect them to continue their show and talk about this community that they love,
because some things are bigger than a video game.
And I think the community over there is probably the only thing that's been keeping
folks in check during all of this other bullshit that's been going on.
And I fully support that if they want to continue to talk about that community.
And honestly, it is a support group at this point.
I will say this for myself.
Yeah, if anybody has switched over, like on their stream to playing a game by that
company, I leave and stop posting.
I'm not going to help anyone benefit from a company that has done this, if that makes
sense. That is my choice.
I get it. And again, I hope this is over by Tuesday.
I hope Bobby Kotick is out the door and we really have something to be thankful for in
this industry that the poison is finally cut out.
But until that happens, I'm digging my heels in.
I'm getting ready to die on this hill.
Once he's out, it still isn't going to be immediate.
No, it's not, but it's going to go a long way.
I think the first step, the board needs to be looked at as well for their failure to
act. But I get that there are nuances that make things a little more complicated than
that, but I'm still not happy.
Oh, no, I think that once he's gone, then the board needs to be evaluated.
I mean, if I had my way, there would be a third party oversight group that would step
in and manage the whole thing.
Agreed.
Because clearly those in power at this company cannot be trusted to do the right
thing. And I want to go on record saying that most this is something that's been a
problem in the corporate world for a very long time.
We would still have longer than eight hour work days and 40 hour work weeks and children
would still be working if it wasn't for the fact that we have legislation and third
parties who have stepped in to put companies in line because greed is greed and it never
goes away. Just just look at the history and I'm not going to go like on a big lesson
here, but look at the history of unionization.
Look at the history of labor in the US.
I mean, just look at why we have freaking Labor Day.
Yep. This is a problem that has been proven that if you if you leave something unchecked
like that, it is going to continue to run rampant until it until someone's hurt or many
someone's are hurt and then someone else has to check in.
And I I do hope from all of this, we really start to get that talk of that video game
union. And I hope that starts at Activision Blizzard King, because I do hope for my
friends that work there, I hope I truly hope the organization can come out stronger at
the end of this from employees having a seat at the table.
And from what I understand, that's what many of them have been asking for in the first
place. But obviously, Bobby Kotick being removed now is the first step in that
happening. I would also like to say for our friends that are in that employment
situation, don't be mad at the people who are boycotting.
Be mad at the company you work for from putting them in that position.
This is this is this is a problem we have with your senior management and that and I
feel horrible for the people on the front lines.
I really do. I really do.
But this is something that they'll have to continue to address with with their HR to
make. And I would say this, too, if you are dealing and this is for any job, by the way,
if you are dealing with harassment of any variety at your work, document every last
thing, not just having, you know, a printout of not a printout, but like, you know, oh,
I went to HR on this day electronically.
No, you print that shit out.
You have a physical record of it.
It just and it's sorry, it just scrolled along the bottom that there's a report about
the guy at Activision Blizzard who signed all his emails, 1-800-ALLCOCK.
Document that, PDF it.
That's it took years for that person to get by, and that's just another just add it to
the dumpster fire seriously.
But but again, it is if you're remotely in a situation like that documented, it's going
to come back and you your document could help other people and it surely should have
been done with Activision for many more of the employees.
I mean, retrospect, you know, hindsight, but I'm saying that.
I'm glad to see what's coming out is coming out, but there needed to be something done
way too long ago, and that's really what has me angrier than anything, even if I am
not expressing things.
Loudly or verbally, passionately, my emotions are still there, and I am just simply trying
not to lose my shit because I am also angered.
Someone needs to stay calm while I'm over here yelling, it's fine.
I'm not I'm I'll put it this way, I'm not calm on the inside.
Fair, completely fair.
Um, Bobby Kotick's bonus, that CEO bonus, the board bonus, they need to redistribute
that to the victims, the employees.
That's my other big for the employees.
Take that one hundred and fifty three million dollars and give it to the employees who've
been making those games, who've been working their ass off through all this bullshit.
It's just they should find him for back amounts.
I also the other shining light in this, which is so weird to say, is don't forget this
company is still under investigation by the state of California, and Bobby Kotick has
been subpoenaed.
I would love to see him locked up.
I mean, he's a man, he's a man and he's rich, so it's not going to happen.
Yeah, they're going to have an impossible time proving anything criminal.
But I would.
Well, especially in light of the verdict out of Wisconsin.
Yes, I would love to see.
I would love to see some justice in any sort of way at this point.
Well, that we all know is going to go to higher.
I just want him out of the gaming industry.
I want I want him out here.
I don't want him really going into another industry.
I want him. I want him to be never heard from again.
Yeah, all right, how about a nice bottomless pit somewhere?
I, I have I think we have to be very careful and say that we're using a lot of hyperbole.
Yes, we are. But I'm reminded of a Wendy Williams clip when she was talking about Ms.
and Mr. Spears.
I'm not going to repeat it because somebody will report it, even though it's hyperbole.
But that we know it, that's where my brain is right now.
How many times have we heard this in a certain mutual friend stream?
Yeah. Oh, yeah. When it when it when it comes to their careers, that clip.
Yes. Although, however, if he was on fire, I wouldn't offer any water.
Quest Buster and I say that also is hyperbole.
Quest Buster in chat says, as a weird side note, ATVI stock price has fallen
30 percent since news of the investigation broke this summer, allowing Roblox to pass
them in value a few days ago. Good.
That's that's where it's going to hurt them the most.
And if you're holding Activision Blizzard stock, I would encourage you to sell it.
I even made a tweet earlier this week.
I was like, we need a movement like what we had with the whole like GameStop and AMC
thing where we we need to hit Activision Blizzard there and make sure the stock stock
is being sold off in mass.
I somebody had replied to me and said that's not but I think they kind of
misunderstood what I was saying. I'm not saying we need to buy the stock.
I'm saying we need to be pushing this narrative within the financial media and
within the financial markets and making sure that this is giving coverage on
financial media so that people sell their stock and unload it.
And that's that's going to do the talking, unfortunately, at the end of the day.
But I will say we need to have some sort of financial devaluation enacted.
But I will say I was at the gas station getting way too expensive gas in my
thankfully hybrid car.
You know how the gas station plays those little TV things that show you the weather
and headlines and stuff?
Guess what? This was the headline they were talking about at the gas station.
So, you know what?
I usually just walk off and ignore those things.
Well, I've seen I've seen they're pumping my gas starts.
I have lots of gas.
But gas has automatic things on them now.
True, true. All right.
Anyway. OK, I know anything else to add here, any other negativity palette or
something? Well, no, we'll get to another story.
We'll go to our gaming weeks and we're done here.
But I just want to make sure we've talked about everything.
Yes, pretty much the only thing I was going to mention also is the organization
girls who code was partnered with Activision and obviously severed their ties
because of all the crap that's going on.
It's kind of hard to be partnered with a company like that.
This time, you think you think under understand that call.
Much love to girls who code.
Much love to them. E3VL pointing out in chat, Call of Duty sales dropped 40 percent
compared to last year.
That's another game stocks.
But that that's totally different.
All right. All right. That's actually not different.
It's what else is doing basically.
But it shouldn't hurt the cause.
Right. To have it be such a.
Piece of shit. And remember, that was Bobby, that was Bobby Kotex call to pull
all of the studios to work on that flop.
Just food for thought, that was Bobby Kotex call.
So if you all if you financial peeps are mad about that, guess who needs to go?
By the way, there's a lot of other hideous shit he's been involved with that you should
look at anyway. I'm done.
I promise. Let's cleanse our palate.
Let's talk about our gaming weeks and talk about some happy things like I'm sure Dark
Sakura is going to talk about murder in video games, in video games.
Yes, I did murder some people.
I, of course, played Dead by Daylight because I stream it.
I also at least patched my Animal Crossing.
So I'm taking steps.
And of course, Fantasian, I did like a little bit of a grindy grind, I actually had to
start my my stream for it a little bit late, and so I just played around and did some
quests and some stuff like that.
But I'm I'm having thoughts about the state of Dead by Daylight, and it's kind of not
quite what I think some of the other streamers are saying, because there's a lot of
stuff that they're saying about it, kind of ad nauseam.
And I am now at the point where I'm just like, if a game is going, you know, if if
people are going to be shit, if MMR is going to be shit, if all of this is just going to
be the ultimate in garbage, then fuck it, I'll meme.
Let my MMR get low, let me start winning some more games, then have it get shitty again,
and then I'll meme some more.
At this point, I'm kind of done with the complaining about it.
I want I want Karina to come out already, I want my artist who has an amazing backstory
and an amazing level and is an amazing character designed to boot.
I'm so excited.
Also, dear Hawkins Laboratory, rest in fucking hell.
That's right, that the map was finally removed this week, as the Stranger Things
characters no longer purchasable in the store, they are they're gone.
And although you can still play them a game if you if you had them from before, there's
more to it, because their perks are now generic, you can no longer adept challenge
them, which means I won't see any more fucking adept Steves.
I didn't realize that.
Well, that's sad, because I never got those achievements.
But well, the achievements don't exist.
Oh, they are gone, removed for everybody.
Oh, wow. OK, so you're off the hook, Rob.
I didn't is that I mean, I'm sure that's true on like Steam and the PC places.
Is that true on Microsoft?
And that should be true everywhere, because I think it wasn't I think it was was a hydro
that was doing adept challenges the other day.
Oh, he does a lot of either hydro or merit or Meru love hydro.
Shout out to hydro. Yeah, hydro is awesome.
But it was either hydro or Meru, because those are the two people that I usually will
watch earlier in the day and went to go look.
And the the achievements for them were gone.
And indeed, I think if I go and look at my because I have a Stadia achievement thing on
here. Right, right.
And I am looking at my adept list for survivors.
And I I don't see them on the adept list at all.
I'm actually going to resort my list in alphabetical order.
Bobby Blackwolf and chat says, I wonder if you lose gamerscore when they delete
achievements. That's why I'm fascinated with this concept.
I I'm not familiar with games deleting achievements.
I I would think that maybe the people who earned them probably keep them, even if they
don't show, they might be in a hidden category, but they probably just don't show up as
achievable for new people. But even then, that's also kind of fascinating to me in a way.
Well, OK, so I looked it over and yeah, they are completely off of the list.
There is no more adept for them at all, even on Stadia's readouts.
Interesting. OK, that's fascinating to me.
I also thought I got adept trapper.
I'm sad that I didn't.
Oh, well, I was like, why isn't that on my unlock list?
Oh, I must not have gotten it.
All right. Anything else for you?
I guess that when I do my my mental breakdown streaming, which will be every day while I'm
on medical leave, except for when I do my labs and I'll talk a little bit about that.
I maybe might try to do adept challenges for killers.
And my mental breakdown will be televised.
Just if you need to step away, please step away, you know, do what you need to do, take
care of Jamie first.
I think it's going to be hilarious because when I'm not on my meds, I'm either super
funny or I'm so pathetic that I'm super funny to bullies.
Oh, boy. All right.
Just don't want to see you.
I'm trying to have a good sense of humor about it.
And that's good, but I just don't want to see you broadcast something you will wish you
had later on.
I'll I'll know better.
Yeah, good. All right.
Let's head over to Loki.
How was your gaming week, Loki?
It's all Minecraft.
It's always Minecraft.
This week, though, I did put out a new video, so that was pretty good.
I got more done on my base and then the it's not covered in this week, so I'll go ahead
and say it. Then the news came out that the the next update for Minecraft 118 is coming
out on the 30th.
And so that screwed up all my timetables because I thought, oh, I've got like four more
weeks. And I was planning on doing like some really elaborate things.
And it's like. Damn it, by the way, which is fine, because what I wanted to do probably
once again, overscoping the idea, I want to get into animation as well.
But I think it would take in too long and it would just be very hard to do.
It would've been cool. But the new the new plans now are better.
And it's kind of exciting going into the next season and being able to hang out with the
people on the server this weekend and actually have voice chats with people like that's
just something that I thought I would be doing on my current server.
But now it's kind of fun and then also pissing off somebody because I built a shop on
top of their pumpkin.
But, you know, Minecraft drama.
So, yeah, I'm just going to be finishing up stuff this week and finishing up the build
for that. Also starting planning for next season as well and just kind of.
You know, diving right into that once we get started, I think it's probably going to be a
couple of weeks. Well, whenever the server version is available.
So usually about the week after.
So hopefully it'll be starting a new season in like two weeks.
Awesome. Yeah, look forward to more videos.
Good luck to you. Hope the new server works out well.
I know. I know getting discovered is always the challenge.
It's one we've been facing here at OLR for a long time, but I hope I hope you get it.
I hope you get that spark that breaks through.
I really do. So my gaming week, I guess I'll follow up to the Dead by Daylight talk.
I've also been playing a little bit.
I've been kind of getting back into killer, oddly enough, even though I don't love getting
bullied sometimes because I'm not great at killer.
I think I think, Jamie, I've reached a similar conclusion, a different way.
I'm just kind of in that point where I'm like, I don't care if I lose, like if I lose.
So what? Like the only person that knows is me and maybe the people that bullied me, but
it's whatever. They'll just go on to the next match.
I stopped considering it as losing.
Yeah. Yeah, that's true.
That's true. It's just a game.
You know, it's if you had fun, then you won.
And if you bring no edge, you'll almost always at least get one kill.
But and if you bring no ed and people bitch about it, you can then go, oh, how dare I use
a perk that was programmed into the game intended to be used by the developers.
Bring Soul Guard. Cleanse your damn totems.
Yeah. Easy asses.
I will. No, you're fine.
But funny enough, the killer that I'm like super into right now, I actually don't have
no ed on. It just hasn't come up in the roulette web.
I am super fond of Pinhead right now is like the killer.
I really enjoy playing like I yes, I find the chain mechanic and all that stuff extremely
satisfying. I love that when they go do the box, if you aren't chasing anyone else, you
get like a free teleport right to smash the survivor.
There's a lot about it.
And like when people fuck up Pinhead's mechanic, the entire match snowballs for them.
And I had a match like that last night where it was like nobody bothered to open the box
I found the box is Pinhead.
So basically when you're playing for those who don't know Dead by Daylight, when when the
survivors are doing the thing, yeah, you have to you have about 60 seconds every so often
to solve the lament configuration.
And this is a thing out of the movies.
And if you don't solve it, basically chains start showing up everywhere.
And not only do they slow you down, but now the killer can see the chains.
So I as the killer know where you are because I hear the chains go off.
And then even to make that even worse, if you don't solve the box in 60 seconds, if I find it
first and I as Pinhead solved the lament configuration, then all of you scream, I
instantly know where you all are located and you go right into the chain phase for at least 30
seconds until a new box spawns.
I as Pinhead cannot see where the box spawns.
I have to come across it.
Normally the survivors, they can all see it and let there is an add on that makes it a lot
harder to find.
But I don't run that out on because it doesn't pop up very often for me.
But yeah, I love I don't know.
I'm like super into Pinhead.
It's weird.
So and I when somebody drops a palette, I love like because the other big mechanic is that you
can like you basically separate from your body to throw a chain.
So you do this thing where you like project out where you want the chain to start and then the
camera flips to where the chain is and you can drive the chain hopefully into selfies.
Do you do hook selfies?
I do palette selfies.
When somebody throws a palette down, I'm waiting there.
I'm I start with the hook and I'm waiting there to release the button.
And then when they drop the palette, release, chain them right on the other side of the palette.
But I mean, where you take the screenshot.
Oh, no, I don't do the screenshot.
No, no, no, that's clever.
Yeah, if you can stand next to the hook and then you throw the chain and it turns the camera
around and which is really funky because when you play as a killer and there are two boundary
breaks, by the way, and I'm glad one of them showed what it looks like when you play killer and
you go into like a third person perspective when you should be in your first person's perspective.
And it shows how like their body is skewed, you know, a certain way.
I think it's funny that it readjusts to the way a survivor sees it when you when you do that.
I mean, I guess it kind of has to.
But I think it's interesting just how quickly it happens.
It is, you know, I love like behind the scenes stuff like that.
Real quick update on the achievement front in our chat.
Bobby Black Wolf is in chat.
The good Bobby, who says, OK, yeah, it looks like they didn't delete the achievements.
This is on Xbox.
He's just did the research there.
He didn't research.
They didn't delete the achievements more than they renamed them and gave them different unlock criteria.
So that's kind of interesting.
So they probably, instead of making it Adept Steve, probably made it get out with these three perks.
And it's just some whatever.
Bobby says Steve did the rename too.
That's interesting, because I thought I mean, there are already challenges to get out with certain.
I mean, I guess that is the way to redo the Adept, but it's not you could do that with any character now.
Interesting.
So Bobby Black Wolf says the achievement so alone, which I am assuming is the Steve Adept, because that sounds like him, is now Operation Survival in a public match repair.
Oh, no, that's in a public match.
Repair the generator in the treatment theaters, operation theater and escape.
Oh, that's oh, but that's probably that was probably the Hawkins achievement before.
And they moved it to Larry's.
That's probably what that one is.
That actually makes sense.
That makes a lot of areas because they're sort of the same kind of.
Yeah, they're very similar map being indoors.
Yes. Interesting.
OK, moving on.
I have other games to talk about, so I've also been playing Final Fantasy 14.
That expansion should have been out by now, but it was delayed and that's OK.
I don't remember if I mentioned on the show, but I got all my jobs.
I hit that goal of getting everything to 80.
So I'm ready for the expansion.
Now I'm just doing Moogle tome runs and trying to get more mounts and just upping my collection, getting ready for Endwalker, which early access is December 3rd.
I'm very excited about that.
So, yeah, I was playing a little more Forza Horizon five, which is still a great game.
I was playing that a little bit earlier in the week.
And then later this week, on Friday, Pokemon Brilliant Diamond and Shining Pearl were released.
And I picked up Brilliant Diamond, which seems to be the one a lot of people are getting in retrospect, looking at my friends list.
I wish I'd got Shining Pearl, but there's more Pokemon I like and diamond.
So I've been playing that.
And yeah, I'm already through the second gym.
I say already, like some of you guys have probably already beaten the game, but for me, that's good progress.
And I'm just enjoying playing Pokemon.
I love the quality of life stuff.
I know some of the purists can't stand it.
Respectfully, you're wrong.
These are great changes, for example, the experience share being there and on by default from the very beginning without it being explained.
Fantastic.
Love that experience share is such an important part of Pokemon.
I don't understand.
Yeah, I think you're just living in the dark ages or you just clamor for an old game from the mid 90s if you're still tied to that.
So I love that that's there by default.
The changes that they did to the underground to make more Pokemon available sooner are pretty cool.
And yeah, I'm just I'm just enjoying playing the game.
I'm having a good time with a Pokemon game.
Mike Defton chat says, I'm stuck at the beginning, shining, shiny hunting for a starter.
Well, that's that's you.
Shane was doing a similar thing, I think, but he gave up that intro sequence before you get the starter.
That takes a while.
Like you don't just start the game and get a starter.
You have to kind of go through the town you started and then go up the trail.
It takes a minute to get there.
So I can see how resetting is a pain in the ass.
E3VL points out if you have Let's Go and Sword and Shield, if you have those save files on the switch, you can get Mew and Jirachi.
That is true.
You don't see them until you get to the flower town.
But there's an old man and an old woman in the flower town.
And the old man will give you Jirachi for having Sword and Shield.
And the old woman will give you Mew for having Let's Go.
I have them both.
And Jirachi, at least as of right now, is on my team because I enjoy enjoy that one.
So, yeah, I've been enjoying Pokemon.
I don't know what else to say.
It's a Pokemon game. It's fun.
I'm enjoying it. We'll see.
We'll see if I stick with it all the way to the end.
I have a weird feeling it'll probably take me a year to beat it just because when Final Fantasy 14 expansion comes out, everything else is on hold.
And you are not going to hear me talk about anything else for at least four weeks or until I get to the end of the story.
It is what it is.
We all have our thing.
That is my thing.
Dark Sakura's got Dead by Daylight.
Loki's got Minecraft.
I got Final Fantasy 14.
OK, I should get back into playing.
You should. It's fine.
I'm sure the expansion is going to be great.
I'm paying for it.
Oh, yeah.
All right, let's get into some more gaming news and we'll start with an update to the big headline from last week, right, Loki?
Yeah, so the Grand Theft Auto trilogy Definitive Edition is a pile of garbage.
Yeah, that's that's still a thing.
And I don't I don't know what to make of this.
It's just stupid.
So apparently they put Rockstar Games put out a post on a Rockstar news wire, whatever, saying that, hey, we are aware of the issues and, you know, there is a title update that's going on right now and it'll fix a number of the issues.
And in the meantime, we're going to put up the older classic versions of Grand Theft Auto three Vice City in San Andreas that are those are going to be available to purchase.
And then also for anybody who purchased the definitive edition will also get those from the store.
I guess they'll receive those until, I guess, June 30th, 2022.
So if you purchase the definitive edition between them, you'll get that classic version at no additional cost.
Oh, how generous of you.
Thank you.
Then, of course, they said that, you know.
The update versions, updated versions of these classic games did not launch in the state that meets our own standards of quality or the standards our fans have come to expect.
Excuse me.
Excuse me.
You're a company that develops very complicated, well polished games, and you were unaware of the quality or you didn't believe that they met your standards.
Well, guess what?
You as a company or publisher can say, yeah, that doesn't meet our standards.
We're not publishing that right now.
We're going to delay it, let it go.
But you made the decision to release it in the state that it was.
So this either tells me you're complete fucking stupid or you just don't fucking care.
Take either one.
It doesn't matter.
They don't.
It's just it's garbage.
This is ridiculous that, oh, it wasn't up to our standards.
Well, no kidding.
I mean, you obviously somebody had to have been playing it or getting updates.
You weren't completely going into this blind like, what?
It was looking like that and we just let it go out.
I don't believe that for one minute.
I also I bet the QA department, I bet the quality because there's going to be people out there that still don't get it and they're going to sit there and say, doesn't don't they have a quality assurance department?
Aren't they doing their jobs?
And yes, they do.
And they are.
But guess what?
Sometimes you report those things to the top and they go, ah, we have a minimum viable product.
We'll release it and patch it later.
That is the decision of the senior and that folks.
Yeah.
And that is not the way to release stuff nowadays.
I know it seems like, oh, well, we've got a shoddy shell of a game put out through a patch it later.
OK, well, we're going to remember that when the next game comes out.
And of course, there's still the lawsuits that they're filing against modders for different things.
So I know right now that there are they're fighting the lawsuits right now for RE3 and RE Vice City, which were reverse engineered clean room source code.
So it was basically kind of seeing how the game works and figuring it out in the back end and redoing it.
And so basically saying that, you know, any complained copying of code protected material that did occur, if any, was undertaken to allow for interoperability of the software and fixing bugs.
But such actions comprising reverse engineering are transformative use is what they're alleging, which I agree.
I think if they are coming up with completely unique code that basically runs the game in a similar manner.
Then there's not really much they can do about it unless they were actually ripping out the code from the game and popping it into theirs.
I mean, it. I don't know.
It's stupid.
As 100 Mountain Chat says, this was a side project that didn't have a huge staff, I imagine that was pushed out to get out something for the holidays.
Again, a call from the top.
And why are we so I mean, they don't have something for the holidays because they have granted auto online.
They have grants.
They're making tons of money from that.
They don't need to push this out.
How much money does this obviously that does this possibly make for them?
Didn't Switch show us that the holidays do not have to be the end all be all of video game releases?
I mean, I get it.
Yes, there is a lot of retail.
But OK, you know what?
Covid has fucked everything up.
If you have to delay it for a few months.
Oh, well.
Release it in April.
And I bet there'll be a lot of people who'd still buy it if the product is good.
I just feel like it's mind blowing to me how people literally die on the hill of getting the game out for the holiday.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
I know y'all are going to go to fiscal year.
Got to get the stocks.
Has to be out before April or doesn't go to.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, I get it.
But do you think this helped?
Do you think this is going to end up being a good thing for them at the end of the day?
Well, this is not.
It's like, look at they knew what the the studio, the quality of the studio, they had this studio do mobile versions of these games.
And then they they instead of remastering the console versions for this definitive edition,
they remastered the mobile versions, which were like adapted from the console version.
So it's like a copy of a copy.
You can't tell me that they didn't know that they had issues with it.
I mean, like, just can you not like I'm going to put the original game on one screen.
I'm going to put the piece of shit that I'm working on right now and I'm going to look at them and go, damn, that doesn't look good.
Maybe I should fix that.
Oh, someone looked at it.
Loki, someone looked at it.
It's just somebody else didn't care.
Stupid like like the rain textures that they had were like super high res for what it is like.
It shouldn't be that high level.
The texture file for that shouldn't be that big.
And they were using something ridiculously large.
I mean, even the rain, just like the opacity just need to be fixed on that.
I heard modders are actually taking care of that stuff.
I mean, it's just of course.
And it's weird, too.
It's like even and even with this, like the San Andreas rain looks like garbage.
And I think freeze rain looks like garbage.
But Vice City, not so bad.
Like, there's not even consistency between the different games that they have.
And you can't tell me it's because they're running on different engines because they're not.
They're all basically the same.
It's just if these are like graphical assets, it shouldn't matter
how, you know, they can just adjust the texture file that's being used for this.
I don't. I don't know.
It's just so stupid.
They're like, I don't want to.
And that's it. That's why.
It's just it's low effort.
It was an incredibly low effort port.
Of another port that they put in there, it's because that's what they do.
They're not going they're not going to.
I don't even know why put this out, like why?
Why even bother putting this out at this point?
Like, I don't understand.
Just put it put a sale out for your other games or something.
Like, I don't know why you need the definitive edition of this,
which is kind of where they ended up now is that they are doing a sale
on those original games or they put the original games back
after taking them down, right? Right.
Yeah, it just got I don't know. It's stupid.
It's because they thought they could print money.
And it backfired.
All right. Let's move on and talk about
this is pretty big news in the competitive fighting game circuit,
and that is, you know, of course, Nintendo has shut down a lot of,
you know, Smash Brothers tournaments because they were running on that
modded thing and so forth.
Well, very interesting development this week in a tweet from
a group of folks that organize tournaments.
Panda, who is at Panda Global on Twitter, tweeted out,
We are proud to announce our partnership with Nintendo in 2022.
Panda will be bringing the first officially licensed circuit
for Super Smash Brothers Ultimate and Super Smash Brothers Melee
to North America.
That's the part that has a lot of people raising their eyebrows because
they've they they tagged Nintendo in the tweet.
They've they've given Nintendo coin or something's happened here.
And Nintendo is essentially endorsing Super Smash Brothers Melee
as a competitive platform, even though the ultimate is up there as well.
It feels like Nintendo was resisting that for a long time.
I don't know if this is because Ultimate is now finished.
I'm using my quotey fingers finished because all the DLC
is out there at this point or what the deal is.
But very fascinating, to be quite honest.
They did point out more details for this short series of events.
I'm not sure what they mean by that with cash prizes is coming very soon.
So that's that's pretty awesome.
Hmm. Yeah, just maybe they wanted the new games showcase,
and so they agreed to do the new game and the old game as well.
Yeah, which I would have which I would have figured would have been part of it.
And Mike Defton chat says this is actually huge, like so freaking huge.
Yes. But if you're in that fighting game circuit, I have seen people
who do play Smash and on a somewhat competitive level that are like kind
of tweeting like like, whoa, at this type of news that's going on.
This is a big deal.
The fact that you're going to have an official Nintendo Smash
Brothers Melee tournament in the year, assumably 2022.
You know what, 20 years almost after almost 20 years after it was released.
That is a pretty big deal.
And especially after Nintendo, you know, was shut, shutting down modders
and really kind of was perceived to anyway
really be burying melee in favor of ultimate.
So this is this is very, very interesting.
That is very specifically on their terms.
And that that honestly could be it as well.
And maybe Nintendo, to some expect, kind of realizes
they have to do this because they can't exactly stop the modders.
But if they can get a company to partner with that's willing to do cash prizes
for this, then this is the one people are going to work for.
And I think that's also a big thing.
If you're going to get a cash prize from being the best in a melee
version of this, it's in one that's Nintendo acknowledged.
Nonetheless, it's going to make it more attractive
to train to and compete to.
I'm not saying it's going to do away with mods.
You'll never you'll never do away with mods.
And there's always going to be a fan, you know, fans for that scene
and all that stuff.
But it's going to mod. Yeah.
But I think it's going to they're going to pull people away from that
in this more, quote unquote, legit thing, which I think is interesting.
SSG 100 map saying Nintendo was hesitant to get into the tournament scene.
They were shutting down a ton of tournaments until recent years.
Even now, they only mildly tolerated tournaments.
Now they're actually partnering with a legit e-sports group
to put something out.
Mike Deaf follows that up and says, yeah, Hungrybox actually got emotional
about this. Well, this is, you know,
if this is something that's been like underground for a long time
and have it's it's nice for Nintendo to kind of fucking acknowledge it.
So kudos to everybody that that everybody that stood by
that 20 year old game while everybody was saying, why are you just
why are you playing such a goddamn old game?
Get over it. Play the new shit.
For those of you guys out there that stuck with it, congratulations.
You know, you're proud of yourself.
You're getting a hug this week.
And I to some extent, I get it like the modded thing.
I kind of always understood why Nintendo shut that down.
You may not like it,
but Nintendo completely was in the legal right to shut that down.
The unmodded like local game store tournaments on melee.
Like what's what's the problem, Nintendo?
What's the problem if it bothered if it bothered you that much?
Sell copies of melee, which, by the way,
a lot of people are thinking this might lead to that is that.
Oh, now that Smash Brothers Ultimate is done
and there's this whole audience that wants to do melee
and do it competitively, let's sell them the game again on the switch.
That doesn't actually sound far off.
I. I holiday 2022.
What do you bet? Now the game on the switch or sell them
a subscription to Nintendo online services is going to include that game in there.
No, no, they're not going to.
No, no, no. They won't Netflix the GameCube games.
They're going to sell them separately.
But you know what?
If this opens the door, the pop, if this opens the door to F-Zero GX
being also one of those games that comes out on a GameCube thing,
I'm going to allow it.
That's the reality. All right.
Pod culture and chat says melee ultimate remastered.
See, I think the community would reject that immediately
if if it is not frame by frame.
Perfect to the original.
The community will reject it.
The definitive edition.
Yeah. Now I change how it plays ready to work on another game.
Yeah. Vicarious visions before they were purchased by an evil company.
Did what was considered to be a pretty relatively good remaster
where you just hit a button to toggle between the two.
If that's the direction Nintendo wants to go with it. Cool.
But yeah, it's.
All right. Let's move on to our soccer.
How about more rumors?
We love rumors on Thanksgiving week when the news is slower.
Well, CD Projekt,
there was like a little bit of a leak out there
that had a trailer.
It was actually included in a trailer for Cyberpunk 2077
that there would be links to using Xbox Game Pass
and it would be available via the game pass.
And they're like, nope, we didn't do that.
That's a rumor. Stop.
And that actually direct quote says there are no game pass plans
for Cyberpunk 2077.
But it was there, you know, there was the mention.
It makes me think that at some point
they actually did have some sort of discussion about it.
The DLC delays are also not coming out.
Well, sorry, the DLC is for this year has been delayed until next year.
The new titles that are coming out for
Xbox Game Pass will actually just for this month is Grand Theft Auto
San Andreas, the Definitive Edition.
It takes two Forza Horizon five and Evil Genius two.
Nice. Yeah.
I'd grab Cyberpunk if it came out on Game Pass.
I wish it would. I get it.
You know why? Why?
It's not your kind of game.
Oh, I don't have the Xbox. Oh.
That's why I would not, because I cannot.
I'm not I'm also completely not mad about it.
I still don't have a PlayStation five, and I kind of want to remedy that.
But I'm at the point where I'm like, OK,
maybe they'll do a pro next year.
But the reality is when Final Fantasy 16 is dated,
I will get a PlayStation five period. So.
All right. If you can, if you can find one, that's always the the major caveat.
Don't remind me. All right.
Let's move on, Loki.
So basically, according to Tom Henderson,
DICE had pitched Battlefield three, but it was rejected
by EA due to the cost of using the Star Wars license.
I got turned down because it takes 20 percent more sales to make the same money.
So instead, they're going to work on another Battlefield game.
Like Battlefield 2042, the one that just got released
and also has the most is the worst reviewed game on Steam.
That that series.
You know, the the battlefield Call of Duty, I guess.
Tiger Claw on chat says, probably because EA got burned
by what happened with Battlefront two. Well, whose fault was that?
Whose fault was that was your fault and not for,
you know, not embracing the wonderful world of loot boxes.
Don't you like surprises?
I hate how disconnected executives
are at these companies from fucking reality.
It blows my mind.
It blows that was a requirement to being an executive.
Any three VL in chat says current Battlefield is buggy.
Oh, yeah, we've been hearing about that.
I mean, that's not the type of game I play, but I've definitely been hearing about that.
Another thing I've been hearing about quite a bit this week
has to do with a little company called Stream Labs.
Oh, boy. So, oh, boy.
There's a lot that Stream Labs really got a good dragging,
a hair pulling on social media this week, and it started with plagiarism
accusations, basically.
There they've been working on a product that's very similar to Lightstream,
which is where you can stream without the need of a capture card.
I think it just kind of pulls from like a I don't know how it actually works.
I don't know if it's going through your mobile device or streaming like on
like your I think you're streaming it on your device to like a server
that then, you know, you you go through and broadcast on.
I haven't really had to look into it
because I am fortunate enough to have a capture card.
It's a thing that does stuff.
But Stream Labs was going to launch their own version of it.
And boy, oh boy, did Lightstream call them out on their bullshit.
They they put out a tweet that was like when the other kid copies your homework.
And I'm telling you, the Stream Labs launch page was like, copy, copy
down to the testament quotes.
And of course, Stream Labs put out this apology that was like it was
something that was supposed to be a test page
that was not supposed to go into production well. Right.
Well, but all right.
I am going to take a step back.
Change the text and change the fonts.
Actually, I will tell you,
I have copied and pasted the layout for the sake of setting up my layout.
I will typically not copy and paste text
and just do like the lorem ipsum text.
But I I'm not going to fault.
That is a statement.
But I am going to say it's fucking lazy on their designers
part to have done it verbatim.
Well, and also like it's not the fact is it's that coupled with the fact
that Stream Labs is essentially building off a knockoff software
of the page they stole that that isn't I think the problem
is that it's those two things together that make it really ugly.
If they knocked off some other person's website for this product,
then, you know, they're still kind of, you know, being lazy.
But at least they showed that there were multiple sources of inspiration
and not just one.
The other problem is then, oh, my God, the floodgates opened up.
So then OBS sent out a tweet this week that was like, yeah.
So we asked while we're spilling tea. Yeah.
What's while we're doing a dragging while we're doing a public,
you know, yoinking of Stream Labs,
we asked them not to use OBS in their name and they did it anyway. OOP.
In response, they trademarked it.
Yeah. Oh, that was the other.
Oh, that was really shady, too.
In response, Stream Labs sent out a lovely little white text
on a black background tweet,
which is this is the part that blows my mind.
What they wrote is big enough for an actual tweet,
but they decided to do the white text on black background.
OK, go off, because they probably copied it from somebody else.
They do a scream saying
it's it's done for effect.
We are taking immediate action to remove OBS from our name.
Stream Labs OBS is built on top of the OBS open source platform.
Stream Labs OBS is also open source and our code is publicly available.
We take responsibility for our actions and will support the community.
I mean, this is the equivalent of like that scene from Game of Thrones
where she's having to parade naked through the town
and everybody's ringing the bell going shame, shame.
That is what's happening to Stream Labs right now.
And it's it just it just makes it feel like their entire business
is built on copying other people's homework.
But the first time that's happened, I've been trying to
when you're entangled, though, in the Stream Labs ecosystem.
Disentangling yourself is a pain in the ass.
Yeah, because I'm having to do that right now.
I've already, you know, my personal merch store away from it,
you know, which honestly, we'll talk about that offline,
but it was really easy to do.
But, you know, all of my because I use cloud bot, you know,
changing everything over is not easy and they kind of make it that way.
Elgato also dragged them because I believe Stream Labs
is launching an app that basically does the same thing as a stream deck.
So, yeah, everybody's ringing their bells like now is the time.
I think I think Festivus came early this year
because everyone's airing their grievances against Stream Labs.
Interesting side effect
that hits close to home here at Orange Lounge Radio
and Vogue Network, where we broadcast every Sunday night.
We had a year agreement through Stream Labs Space.
Well, not agreement because it wasn't like a contract or anything,
but basically we bought a year of Stream Labs Pro
so that we could sell the merchandise.
You know, I always plug the shop at the end of the show.
That contract was set to be renewed on the sorry, not contract,
but you know, the agreement agreement was set to be renewed on Friday.
Bobby made an executive decision, which I supported, to not renew the agreement.
Henceforth, there is no Vogue Network shop anymore.
Actually, my understanding is it is still there.
However, I cannot endorse it because I don't know
if we will actually make money off of it at this point.
So I'm not going to be sharing that link right now.
That's why Dark Soccer hinted we need to talk offline,
because an interesting sort of thing, the timer timer came up on Stream Labs.
We have opted, you know what?
Y'all are messy.
We don't need to do messy.
So we're going to we miss seeing this without y'all.
And I think you're on the right track, Dark Soccer,
when you talk about untangling a little bit.
So we're going to move the merch store somewhere else
and we're going to be doing stream elements.
Bobby is doing a test tonight on stream elements
to make sure that a lot of the stuff that's kind of magic
that runs behind the scenes,
such as the bits and subs that scroll on the bottom
so people get their shout outs and all that.
He's actually running a test right now during tonight
to see if it's everything's cool, like nothing breaks or whatever.
And we are looking at making the motion to change over to stream elements,
at least for that component after this week.
The hardest part that I see with all of that are because, you know,
I have my my shout commands.
Not my shout commands.
I mean, those I think I can move over pretty easy
if I use Chrome because there's a tool that does it.
But the ones that I'm really the most concerned about
are going to be like my sound alerts.
That I set up in slobs streamlabs ODS,
which thankfully they're changing that name, but it doesn't work with stadia.
And I'm not the only person who notices how buggy their freaking app is
and what a resource hog it is.
Yeah, I, I tried I use it just for setting stuff up.
I tried slobs for like five seconds because I will admit
they have some really nice built in templates.
Now, of course, when everybody has access to those templates,
you don't look so unique.
But it it was not running efficiently.
Like I was getting frame skips.
It was not running well on my computer, so I went back to OBS.
Like it was like I think I maybe did one test stream in that.
And I was like, nah, this isn't for me.
It was the only way that I could possibly use chat bot because I'm on a Mac.
I am proud of being on a Mac, but.
They don't make chat bot chat bot for for Mac,
and since I'm on an M1, I can't run it through crossover.
So or or even emulated in wine.
So I have to use cloud bot.
And as it is, I'm going to be going over to whatever
stream elements users or go to nightbot like a bunch of people do.
So but yeah, if anyone doesn't think that there's anything
if you're a new streamer and you only think that it's streamlabs,
you've got alternatives.
Even Twitch has their own stream thing that you can use as well.
That I think might be back, by the way.
Oh, I think it might be built on top of OBS.
I can't remember, but there it is built on OBS.
Yeah, there are plenty of options out there.
Just so folks know.
Anyway, and when I'll say one last thing about stream elements
for other streamers out there, they offer
um, uh,
sponsored streaming opportunities like left and right.
Oh, neat. Yeah. Yeah.
I you know, we're going to look into that.
I do really like the idea that their merch shop
allows you to give discounts to people who subscribe.
I kind of love that.
But I know you really enjoy the quality of the merch
that the store you've been working with has been putting out.
So we'll figure it out. We'll come we'll figure out.
But either way, you can actually do broader coupons with spring.
I think. But yeah, offline.
But either way, sorry, y'all.
But the shop is closed just in time for the holiday shopping season.
Love that for us.
But it'll come back bigger and better as soon as we can.
So there you go.
Let's see. I also want to point out,
Dark Tetsuya in chat said, good to know you'll move the shop elsewhere.
Oh, yeah, we're not going to we don't want to get rid of ways
for you guys to help us financially pay for things like stream labs
that we end up canceling.
Hello, we like money.
I mean, we like keeping the show afloat.
Yeah, exactly. Running a business takes a lot of money.
And again, we really, really want to get back into live conventions
and all that good stuff. Anyway,
Dark Tetsuya says haven't been able to get a shirt or anything just yet
for various reasons, but hopefully by the time it finds a new home,
I'll be able to. I'm hoping in the next month or so,
we have this all figured if if that I I bet we're talking about this
in a week or two, which is we're going to miss
we're going to miss the biggest shopping day of the year.
Oh, well, sorry, guys. All right.
Let's move on. For the record, if I do recall correctly,
I think that you can have a limited number of merch
that you can share through the free version.
Oh, that's cool, because having a merch shop,
they they make money off of it regardless.
Oh, they sure do. Of course they do.
Yes. So if I do recall correctly,
you just have fewer things you can have on your storefront.
All righty, let's move on and let's get back into games and less drama.
Dark Sakura. Well, general good guy all around Phil Spencer,
he has come out on record saying that he believes that a large focus
on video game preservation in the industry is a good idea
that he hopes to turn to emulation to preserve these games.
I'll read the quote. My hope and I think I have to present it that way
as of now is as an industry would work on legal emulation
that allowed modern hardware to run any within reason,
older executable, allowing someone to play any game there.
And there is some backwards compatibility in a relatively limited fashion.
Nintendo certainly, I think, has been the leader at this
with their online library of the NES, Genesis, all that stuff up there.
Xbox just had 70 games added to its backwards compatibility list.
So it's good to see that sort of dedication to keeping the old up
with the new so that people can see where their games came from.
I think it's a great idea.
When on top of that, we're also dealing with the 20th anniversary of Xbox,
which my baking buddy, Seamus Blackley, has been posting about.
It's been really neat watching the old pictures
and seeing the old ads pop up on my Twitter feed.
But yeah, huh?
I was just going to say, good on Phil Spencer for kind of recognizing
this is an issue in the industry and trying to do something about it.
Obviously, Microsoft did an about face with its own stance on emulation,
but I think in large part that's due to Phil Spencer coming on board,
you know, and really driving that.
So that's a great thing.
And I bet Phil Spencer would love it
if other platforms might make their way over to Xbox and so forth.
We'll see, though.
Of course, they had the opportunity with Game Room and decided to let that go.
But again, that was not under Phil Spencer's call.
So I will back off the attack dogs on that one because I bitch about it every week.
We don't blame him for the idiocy of others.
No, we don't. We don't. We do not.
But good. This is a good stance and promising.
I hope it moves, keeps moving in the right direction.
I'm happy to hear it.
There's really a second half to this, which Loki has,
and that is you kind of brought up the 20 years of Xbox
and there's there's even more, right, Loki?
Yes. Lots of exciting stuff.
So they had announced
that there's going to be 70 plus classic games that are going to be coming to Xbox.
Even some more with performance boosts as well.
So lots more backwards compatible games of that.
I mean, you know, they've got several games from
pretty much the whole series of Fear is on there.
Dead or Alive, you know, a few games of that beautiful Katamari.
That's pretty cool.
Then what else?
Oh, and Times players, too.
That's that's an excellent game.
And then, hey, surprise.
We're putting out Halo Infinite's multiplayer early.
You'll have to wait until December eight.
And apparently it's excellent.
So that was a pretty cool surprise that they had.
Then along with that, you can now
with the Xbox one, Xbox Series X and S, you can use Xbox
Cloud Gaming if you have Game Pass Ultimate as well.
So that's pretty awesome.
You don't have to necessarily do that now to a mobile or smartphone device.
You can actually use your console,
which I think is the direction that they wanted to go with that stuff.
And also, it's nice when you want to, say, play a game like,
I don't know, Flight Simulator or something like that.
That would normally be a really large download.
You can just kind of stream it.
So pretty cool.
Sorry, my sister is texting me
as if she doesn't know that I have a show right now.
That's why I keep looking at my phone.
Sorry, guys. But yes, I thought the Xbox event was pretty cool.
I love that they have still enhanced the backwards compatibility.
I know they've pretty much definitively said this time, this is it.
There's no we're not doing any more work on backwards compatibility.
This is this is it.
And that's OK.
It's fair, obviously. Yeah, it's fair.
I mean, yes, I'm sure we can all think of games that are still missing DDR.
It's still like it's still a lot.
I mean, but yeah, DDR would be cool.
But Jet Set Radio Future in chat, I see being named, of course.
So that's a bummer.
Yeah, but they still got like quite a bit in there,
and at least they're putting effort into it.
So, you know, props for that.
But yeah, I don't know. I get it.
So, yeah, also, I did I didn't mention it during my gaming week,
but I did lightly check out that shock Halo Infinite drop that they did.
I did spend the hundred gigs of my bandwidth to download it
because we've been doing really good on bandwidth this month.
So I downloaded that Halo Infinite preview and I got through the tutorial,
at least now I did not know that there was a PvE or player versus bots mode.
And Bobby was telling me about that before on his show tonight.
So I definitely will check that out
because I'm still a little bit like like that Doom difficulty.
Mommy, I'm too scared to die when it comes to Halo online right now.
But I think I think the PvE thing Bobby was talking about is good.
That's how I enjoyed playing other games, too, is PvE.
But also, thankfully, now that I'm super into Dead by Daylight
and all this stuff, it's kind of softened me a little bit on playing with strangers,
even though it also still annoys the shit out of me sometimes like,
you know, when you're solo queuing and you get in a match against a Freddy
and everybody else decides to die on first hook because it's Freddy like
annoying. All right.
Anyway, but I won't I won't talk more about that.
Instead, I will talk about another old company.
Trying to do new things.
You know what, we give this company a lot of shit, and to be fair,
I kind of think it's justified most of the time.
But this sounds kind of interesting.
And it's Atari we're going to talk about.
Atari is going to be rolling out something called Atari XP.
This is not like an individual gamer product, but it's an initiative
for retro gaming enthusiasts, collectors, where you can get actual Atari
game cartridges from the 70s and 80s.
But these are games that didn't really end up happening.
They're either things that probably showed up on a flashback console
or just straight up never happened.
I think all of these showed up on a flashback at some point.
But Yars Return, Aquaventure and Saboteur.
I know I've heard of Saboteur and the Yars one before.
Those games are going to be the first three that will be through this service.
They are going to stay focused on Atari.
Twenty six hundred fifty two hundred seventy eight hundred.
Not like Jaguar and the stuff that came after that stuff.
No Tempest 3000.
That would be rad.
Yeah, I know. Well, who knows if these things sell really well.
We've had plenty of other temps.
So anyway, these limited editions are newly manufactured.
These are not old cartridges that were like dug out of landfill or something.
These are being printed new.
There will be an instruction manual and other bonus material, a collectible
pin and a badge, a certificate of authenticity, and you can even get
a digital copy to play on your Atari VCS like anyone else.
Come on now. But cute.
They're also saying one thousand nine hundred and eighty three copies of these
to signify the year they would have been released.
Now, ready for the Whopper?
These games will go for one hundred and fifty dollars over at Atari XP dot com.
But there will be standard editions cartridge only that are fifty dollars.
They are planning on doing more with Atari XP, including unreleased titles,
rare games, improved versions of classic games with refined
mechanics and graphics.
Can you imagine a good E.T.?
Yes, except they're never going to get the license to do E.T.
again. They can't do that unless somebody wrote a real good contract
in nineteen eighty two or whatever that was, unless someone wrote a real good
contract. Atari is not going to be able to do another E.T..
The thing is, is that there's also other companies that have done
repros of prototypes.
Yeah. Like, you know, I've got a few of them.
Like I have actually have a baby Pac-Man prototype.
Tempest, you know, lots of stuff like like that.
And they sell them for a lot less.
So I don't know what they what they think.
It said that it is maybe that it is official and licensed.
I don't know. Interesting.
Bobby points out that some of these are homebrew.
I thought Saboteur in particular was like just an unreleased Atari game.
I didn't realize that Yars return or I'm sorry, I already forgot the name
was was a homebrew thing.
But Bobby says it came out in 2005.
They're just selling people's homebrews.
Well, now maybe that's how the homebrews were able to be legitimized a little bit,
I guess. I mean, they were kind of making it on Atari's IP.
But hey, hopefully both ends are getting coin.
Hopefully the homebrew makers get the coin.
Atari's getting the coin because there's a lot of coin when you charge one hundred
fifty dollars. So that's what's kind of interesting.
So we talk about stealing the other ideas earlier.
We talked about stream labs and all that.
Atari is basically doing limited run games.
But I sort of think that's the wheelhouse they should be in.
And whether well, whether you agree this is the right price or not is all this stuff.
I think it's better than that joke of a new console they put out.
Not that long ago, although the hotel thing does sound rad.
That's not what I'm making that sound about.
It's that they're they're not really imitating limited run because.
Limited run doesn't have the monopoly on doing that either.
And they didn't copy the they didn't copy the website as far as we know.
But I mean, a limited run of a game is just that limited printing of a game and
companies have been doing that forever.
So I don't know if that's the best comparison that I would have made.
Well, that's fair. The reason why I bring it up is because the limited run games has
had such success with it.
And I think I think it showed somebody at Atari, whoever's calling the shots there,
this could work because it's working over here for these guys and their NES replicas
of Mayman 2 and all this stuff.
So that's why I put it that way, is that, you know, yeah, yeah.
So anyway, Bobby also humble bragging a little bit, saying I bought Saboteur from
Howard Scott Warshaw directly and it's signed back in 2004.
Can we just give it up here for Howard Scott Warshaw right now?
He was a true genius of the 80s Atari games.
He is. And of course, I'm sure a lot of you guys remember the old commercials on that
network where he used to brag.
He made one of the best Atari 2600 games ever made.
Yars revenge and one of the worst E.T.
But you all know the documentaries are out there.
What Howard Scott Warshaw was given six weeks and a bag of cocaine, allegedly, to make
E.T. happen. And you got what you got.
You talk. Oh, my God.
The broke ass game to make the holiday season is been a recurring theme in this
industry since literally eighty two, eighty three, whatever that E.T.
game came out. And here we are.
Twenty twenty one and take two still hasn't figured it out.
Orange right says E.T., if it wasn't crunched, I mean, but back in the day, it really was
one person that made a lot of those games.
It really was. Bonds 006 says, but he did it.
And that's why in many ways, E.T.
is actually kind of awesome.
Yes, I said it.
E.T. is actually kind of awesome because he threw that together in six weeks.
What have you done with the last six weeks?
I know I don't have a great answer for that, so I just I just think that's a great story
with that for what it is.
So, all right. I think a great segue into our next segment.
So let me roll the bump.
And now it's time to travel back to a simpler time where I'll dive into the vault and pull out
a classic and tell you about it.
It's time for the classic game of the week.
And dark soccer is going to tell you the game, and I'm going to warn you, I'm having to do this
a little differently tonight.
Apologies.
I neglected to rip the B roll in advance because I had a little bit of a busy Sunday.
But I think we got it.
So dark soccer, what is the classic game of the week?
The classic game of the week is Marvel Ultimate Alliance, which I played the shit out of.
I even remember
Tiara visiting once and us playing through this game and having such a great time with it.
But anyway, it's by the company that acquired another company that's currently having some
problems right now, and I didn't realize it when I picked it.
But it came out in 2006, it was an action role-playing game developed by Raven Software
for PS2, PS3, Xbox and Xbox 360, published by They Who Shall Not Be Named.
It did have a port to PSP and Wii by Vicarious Visions, and then to Windows by Benox.
There is a sort of Game Boy Advance version by Barking Lizards, and a remastered version
developed by Zoe Mode for Windows, PS4, Xbox One that came out 10 years later in 2016.
So it is set in its own, I guess, part of the Marvel multiverse, where you have different
heroes, different villains, different supporting characters.
And it's very similar to X-Men Legends and X-Men Legends 2 Rise of Apocalypse that you
have, you choose your different team from the roster there and different story objectives
that you go.
For this particular one, you have to defeat Doctor Doom and the Masters of Evil.
It was a really good game.
I mean, it was really fun.
You had, like, just the best banter that went in in the game.
It was so much fun.
I mean, I felt, you know, Ultimate Alliance 2 was really good.
Ultimate Alliance 3 was kind of, even though it was done by Team Ninja, but we won't talk
about that yet.
Maybe in 2029, because that'll be 10 years after that.
Anyway, you start from a cast of over 22 playable characters, although some of them are
not available when you start, you have to unlock them.
You also get bonuses if you form certain groups, like putting Avengers together, Defenders,
Fantastic Four, X-Men, Marvel Knights, you know, and then you have to do these different
missions as you keep going.
And you can switch between your characters.
They've got special moves.
You've got different things going.
It's very much a masher game, though.
I will be perfectly honest.
There's also some differences in some of the other versions.
For Xbox 360 on Xbox Live Marketplace, you had a Heroes pack that gave you a few other
Marvel characters and you had a Villains pack, you know, and they came with different achievements.
The Gold Edition has all of that in there.
Of course, you know, if the game is successful, they're going to do 50 million different versions
of the game.
The Wii version has motion specific controls and they also have different missions and
added in a couple other characters, as did the PC version.
It has intuitive mouse controls, but it also will work with the game pad.
And then, of course, the Game Boy Advance version is just the sort of teeny version of it.
The game is beautiful.
You are traveling all through the Marvel universe.
You go to Asgard, you go to space, you hang out with Galactus for a hot minute.
It's pretty, pretty awesome.
You've got so many different bosses in the game.
I like to pride myself on my comic book knowledge, although I will say that most of my knowledge
has to basically stay in the X-Men universe, but there's some pretty, pretty cool stuff.
And there's other characters that are just in cut scenes that's still a really good nod to.
It got really positive reviews.
For Metacritic, the initial console releases were over 80%.
Reviewers and magazines gave it really good reviews.
And like I said, there's been sequels.
There was Marvel Ultimate Alliance 2.
That was also pretty fun, but it was the stupid Civil War storyline,
which I hated the Civil War storyline from the comics, I won't go there.
And then there was Marvel Ultimate Alliance 3 The Black Order.
That was done by Team Ninja, and it's a reboot of the series,
so it's a different continuity from the first game, but it has kind of similar lines.
To this day, it's still a very solid, easy-to-play game.
It's got great story to it.
It really is a lot of fun.
I kind of want to hook up my Xbox again and play it,
just because I've had it kind of on my mind for a little bit.
It's really good, and I recommend if you haven't played it, why the fuck not?
Especially playing as Deadpool.
Sounds like there it is, your classic game of the week, Marvel Ultimate Alliance.
Very loved choice by chat, it sounds like.
Let's see, Tigerclaw says, you have to remember the game came out after the last two games that were X-Men Legends 1 and 2.
That's what I said.
Questbuster says, replayability was great.
There was loot, unlockable characters, and a skill system to keep you coming back.
S.J. 100 Matt says, I got it on PS2 in storage somewhere.
S.J. 100 Matt also says, very button-mashy, but so much fun.
Oh yeah, this was a stress relief game for me. I had a lot of fun.
And yes, I did mention right at the beginning that it was based off of the same for X-Men Legends and X-Men Legends 2.
Ah, gotcha.
I may have snuck in a potty bit.
Alright, awesome, there it is, your classic game of the week.
So, let's get back into talking about some news, and we'll go now to rapid fire news.
Loki, why don't you start us off?
Yeah, so we got news, and I'm not surprised because of all the backlash it received, but
Saints Row has been delayed now to August of 2022.
And it's, you know, basically to give them more development time, which I'm totally cool with.
Let's let them take the time and make it good, and maybe come up with some different characters that they have in the game.
That's a tall order.
I'll give it a chance, I'll give it a chance. Actually, the gameplay looked pretty good.
Still not sold on the characters yet, but if they have good writing and a good story behind them, maybe I'll come around.
No promises.
No promises, yeah.
Something that's actually very insanely cool is this brand new Disney World DLC pack that's available for Minecraft Bedrock.
And what it adds is Walt Disney World Magic Kingdom, and it's a full park.
You can actually have all of the cast members sign a book, you have an autograph book that you can go through and stuff.
And all of the rides are interactable.
You can actually ride all the rides, and it's extremely detailed with the copyright music and everything.
They even went so far, if you were to stream it, to have a content creator mode in it that will suppress the copyrighted music.
I checked out some video of it, it looks absolutely amazing.
It's just really realistic, like someone was playing the Buzz Lightyear ride, and you can actually shoot the targets and everything like that.
Which is pretty awesome.
Do you have a reason to play Minecraft again?
I think so, I want to check this out.
Autotopia.
Yeah, all the rides are in there.
I actually was going to get this for my kid, but I probably will have to try it out myself too.
It looks pretty cool.
Oh my gosh, Space Mountain.
Yeah, Space Mountain is in it.
This is definitely the Disney World stuff.
Wow, I want to check it out.
Can I get it on Xbox with that version?
Yes, that version is the one.
The DLC.
That's pretty neat, I might have to check that out.
That's really clever and cool.
This looks pretty neat.
The detail in it is amazing.
It's still Minecraft blocks, but they have an insane amount of custom items and obviously some customized stuff that they've coded into it.
They have the fireworks show that you can do as well.
Lots of cool stuff.
I saw some Grim Grinning Ghosts.
Yes, yes.
And they even have the barbershop quartet.
The Dapper Dans.
The Dapper Dans, they're in there.
That's fun.
Damn it, Disney.
Alright.
Dar Sakra, sorry to pull you away from that YouTube, but I know you have some headlines for us too.
Yes.
So, there is an update for Mario Kart Live, even though not everyone has been super into it.
Alright, great.
Mario Kart live in a box, because that's where my Mario Kart Live is.
Well, it's being referred to as version 2.0.
It has a split screen mode, so you can have two karts on one switch, a relay race, you have the Luigi Cup, three new courses, which is King Boo's Courtyard, Music Broadway, and Windmill Meadows.
And an unlockable cart that you get if you place in all of the new courses.
It's called Luigi's Poltergust.
And there you go.
If you're into it, maybe it's a reason to play again.
There you go.
And then I have to tell this site that I don't want cookies.
I mean, I want real cookies, but whatever.
So Sega has clarified their stance on the Microsoft thing.
Basically, the details are, I'm just going to go ahead and read this verbatim.
We already have a close business relationship with Microsoft.
We outsource the development of their large-scale titles, and as a third party, we are supplying a variety of titles, referring to their work on Halo Wars 2 and Age of Empires 4.
So they're not talking about exclusivity, but to do a super game initiative, something that they're going to be working on together.
Very curious to see what comes of that, that's for sure.
All right.
Let's travel around the world and check out releases for this week.
I'm not sure we have a lot, a lot, because the games that want to be sold on Black Friday should be out by now.
I guess we did have a couple of games that released last year on Black Friday, but let's check in with...
Does it exist in Japan?
Yeah, that's true.
We got the rest of the world too.
So, Loki, what's coming out this week?
So, this week we've got not a whole ton.
We have RE Legend, which is going to be on PC, PlayStation 4, Nintendo Switch, and Xbox One.
Death's Door, which is on Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4, and PlayStation 5.
That's it.
All right.
As DarkSakura alluded to, much different story in Japan.
We have a lot of releases actually this week on the Switch.
Ironically, Dead by Daylight, getting a fifth anniversary edition on the Nintendo Switch.
And that is, they labeled it as in English, but it is a Japanese localized release.
Kukiomi 123, also out in Japan this week on the Switch.
We have Deer Simulator, your average everyday deer game.
I like that it's got an honest title.
I kind of want to play that.
It's a goat stimulator.
It's really stupid.
I like stupid.
It's pretty stupid.
Well, that's out in Japan this week.
We have Eastward, also coming out in Japan this week, all on the 25th.
Asatsugatori is also out this week.
And we have some other games in regular and limited edition.
One releases Parfait Remake, and the other releases Fuyukiss.
Those are just the Nintendo Switch titles for this week.
Taking a look at PlayStation 5.
Farming Simulator 22 gets its Japanese release this week, as well as Disciples Liberation.
Treasures of the Agian, again, Dead by Daylight.
Aegean?
Yes, that's it.
Like the Aegean Sea?
Dead by Daylight also getting its Japanese release, or I think it's like a different bundle basically.
I think it's been out in Japan, but the fifth anniversary edition is out this week.
And then Cricket 22, the official game of the Ashes, also out in Japan this week.
And quickly glancing at the PlayStation 4 to see if there's anything that wasn't already covered on the Switch.
I think mostly it's the same stuff, but you do have, oh okay, you get a price reduction on Need for Speed Heat.
And then the whole, looks like Biohazard 25th, Volume 1, Volume 2, Volume 3, those different episodes.
Those are, I think they're a price reduction as well, happening on the PlayStation 4 this week.
Dead by Daylight also on PS4 if you care.
Well, sometimes Jamie gets really bored early in the morning and watches Japanese streamers playing Dead by Daylight.
Oh, fun!
And sometimes they'll say, oh, you know, they'll actually talk to English viewers, so I think it's pretty fun.
Oh, that's neat. Well, they have a new retail release for whatever reason.
I imagine it probably just bundles in some of the DLC and, you know, trying to draw new people into the game, so that is available.
Yep. All right, so for Europe then, right?
Yep.
Okay, just making sure you got everything because they're pretty big.
Well, it's already out now, but Farming Simulator 22 came out today.
And then for the 23rd, we have Let's Sing 2022 on Switch.
On the 25th, we have Cricket 22, the official games of the Ashes for PlayStation and Xbox.
We have Asterix and Obelix, slap them all.
Funny comics.
So we have that on PlayStation, Xbox, and Switch.
And then on the 26th, we have Windlands 2 for PlayStation.
That's it.
All right, that's it.
We still have some more headlines for you guys and then, of course, we'll get to that part of the show where you can call in or email or any of that stuff.
We'll get to that in just a little bit, but first, Loki with another headline.
Yeah, so this is kind of cool.
This is something that was more of a rumor in leaks.
We talked about like the fighting game that had like Shaggy and Superman and whatnot, but apparently it's actually a real thing.
So it's going to be a free to play game that Warner games is putting out.
And it's basically like a Smash Brothers game, but it has all sorts of different characters in it from different Warner Brothers properties.
So right now, the roster that they showed off, they've got Aria Stark from Game of Thrones.
We have Batman, Superman, Bugs Bunny, Finn the Human, Jake Dogg, Harley Quinn, Shaggy, Tom and Jerry, Wonder Woman.
And then they've got a new character that they created called Rain Dog and Garnet, who I have no idea what show she is from.
That would probably be Steven Universe, right?
It may be Steven Universe.
Yeah, I'm not familiar with Steven Universe.
This actually seems to be a little bit better than, say, the Nintendo one that just came out recently was you may remember that none of their characters were voice acted.
Whereas in this one, all of the characters are voice acted and by the people that actually...
Did you mean Nickelodeon, not Nintendo?
Yeah, the Nickelodeon one.
Yeah, sorry.
Not Nintendo.
The Nickelodeon one is what I was talking about.
So they have like Kevin Conroy as Batman, Tara Strong as Harley Quinn, Matthew Lillard as Shaggy.
And of course, Maisie Williams reprising Aria and John DiMaggio as Jake the Dogg and stuff.
So very huge cast of voice actors in that.
It's supposed to be coming out later, I guess, next year and on all the consoles and PC and stuff.
Many folks in chat referencing how this game appears to be very meme-ified.
It kind of seems to exist for the memes.
Not only do you have Matthew Lillard doing Shaggy, which is something the internet is,
you know, memed all over the place, Pod Culture points out...
Casey Kasem is clearly dead.
Pod Culture points out Shaggy has a Smoke Em Out move, which is obviously a wink and
a nod to what we all know Shaggy is doing.
And he can also Super Saiyan or whatever.
So it's like the Super Shaggy thing.
Yeah.
Does he have to eat a Scooby snack for it?
Yeah.
Bonds 006 in chat says, to think, someone at WB actually went to their boss with this
idea and he approved it.
Well, you know what, we've had enough stories about idiot executives tonight.
It's time to recognize a good one.
So congrats that guy at WB who gave us the green light.
It could be a lady, Rob.
You're right.
Let's not give them credit for coming up with this idea.
It's not a unique idea.
Let's look at the history here.
So we have Ready Player One that they tried this with already with shoehorning as many
things as possible in there.
Then Space Jam 2 or Ready Player One Part Two, where they tried shoehorning as many
Warner Brothers properties as possible.
Thankfully though, on the game side, it seemed to work out a little bit better because, you
know, we've got Lego Dimensions, which is fantastic.
So I'm willing to give them the benefit of the doubt.
Maybe can we get some like other properties like, you know, Lego Dimensions in this as
well?
I mean,
Because maybe we get Chell from, you know, portal fighting in here as well.
No, no, no.
We need Space Ghost.
Space Ghost needs to be in it.
Space Ghost is a superhero.
I'm sure there's plenty more lists to come.
This is not going to be the end of it.
I'm yes.
It's a small roster.
And they've already said that they're planning on adding more characters as they go along.
And they have also different like skins and whatnot.
Obviously, free to play game.
So you're going to, you know, buy stuff.
What if they added in like Grape Ape?
There's a lot of things they could add in this.
That would be though hilarious.
Like this big giant character.
That would be awesome.
All right.
Moving on.
Let's talk about.
I'm a fan of the obscure.
Moving on.
Let's talk about maybe this game will get nominated at next year's The Game Awards.
I doubt it, but it might.
But we know the nominees for this year's The Game Awards.
This kind of snuck up on us, but it is around that time of year.
Usually Thanksgiving weeks away.
Yeah.
It all moves so fast.
Like we find out the nominees this week and then the ceremony is just in a couple of weeks, which it sounds like, by the way, I can't go because they didn't open the tickets to the public this year.
So that's kind of a bummer.
But honestly, after reading the games that got nominated.
There's a very obvious oversight in here, in my humble opinion.
However, the nominees for Game of the Year are Deathloop.
Doesn't surprise me.
A lot of people talking about kind of the story I haven't played yet, but a lot of people talking about the story of that game and how it's kind of pretty innovative, what it does with some of the time stuff and making that a mechanic.
It Takes Two was nominated.
Metroid Dread is nominated.
So there's your Nintendo pick in the back.
There's always a Nintendo one in the back.
Psychonauts 2 got a nomination as well.
So that is the representative from the Xbox area.
Ratchet and Clank, Rift Apart, also nominated for Game of the Year.
And Resident Evil Village, nominated for Game of the Year as well.
So those are your nominees for Game of the Year.
Nowhere to be seen.
The game that has been getting tens, tens, tens across the board from all the critics.
Forza Horizon 5.
Um, all right.
I guess somebody thought...
The Game of War is more like fiscal year?
No, no, it is, it is, uh, it is calendar year.
It is allowed to be included if it was released before like November.
Basically all the games released before Black Friday are eligible in a nutshell.
So yes, even though it was just a moment ago, it's kind of like the Oscar movies.
As long as it plays in a theater in LA, in a theater in New York before the end of the year, it's eligible.
So, um, Forza should have been eligible.
Um, but I understand that some folks might find it a little bit reductive from part four
because, you know, it's more of the same even if it is really, really good what it is doing.
Um, I still think at some point you have to acknowledge what the series is doing.
I'm sort of reminded of the Oscars when they finally recognized Return of the King
as best picture of the year because the trilogy was over at that point.
So I worry the Horizon series is not going to get its due until Playground Games comes out and says,
this is the last one, which I don't want to ever see that happen to be quite honest.
So, um, anyway, that's my piece on that. I said what I said.
Uh, this is an interesting layout of games.
And what's interesting about it, it's kind of hard for me to say X is the front runner.
I've heard a lot of buzz about all of these games in one way or another.
I'm not sure there is a front runner.
I would guess Metroid Dread, but that might be a little bit of personal kind of coming into it.
Um, Deathloop, I've also heard a lot, a lot, a lot of stuff about.
Um, so, yeah, let's see.
Now, some folks in chat mentioning Mike Deft says Forza Horizon 5 is nominated for other awards.
And Bobby Lockl says Forza Horizon 5 is nominated in three other categories.
Yes, yes, we love nominations in the technical categories for a pity award.
Same thing happens with the movie awards, right?
You get this great movie and then it's like, oh, it got nominated for costume design.
How cute.
Um, not that costume design is important.
I'm just saying.
Uh, let's see.
Mike Deft says I think Returnal is missing from that game of the year list.
Not the first person I've heard say that.
That's for sure.
I've seen a lot of that on social media is that people think because of the bugs that existed in Returnal at the very beginning,
it's kind of getting the shaft here, um, which, you know, is a problem all in itself.
So that's somewhat interesting.
Let me see.
There's a lot of categories, you guys.
I don't want to read them all, but let me see if there's another category I want to do here.
I want to talk about performance.
Where is it?
There's like voice performance.
Hold on, I'm looking for a guy.
Sorry, I know this is terrible radio.
There it is.
Interesting.
I don't know if it ever was split into actor and actress type of thing, but just a note.
Now it is just best performance.
I know I've seen another award show in gaming that was split, so I just think that's interesting.
The nominees in that category.
Erica Mori, nominated as Alex in Life is Strange True Colors.
Giancarlo Esposito, nominated for Anton Castillo in Far Cry 6.
Jason Kelly, nominated as Colt Vaughn in Deathloop.
Maggie Robertson, nominated as Lady Dimitrescu for Resident Evil Village.
And Ozioma, I hope I said that right, Akaga as Juliana Blake in Deathloop as well.
There is a very clear front runner there in my opinion, but then again, I haven't played Deathloop.
So maybe, but in my opinion, that Lady Dimitrescu kind of like own that game, but she wasn't in it very long.
Spoiler alert.
So I don't know.
So I don't know.
Wasn't that Resident Evil and not Deathloop?
No, no. Yes.
Yes. Lady Dimitrescu was in Resident Evil, but not for very long.
Still, because I thought you were saying it in the context of Deathloop and I'm like, what?
Oh, no, no, no. Sorry.
Sorry.
So, yeah, hold on.
I'm looking to see if there's any comments there.
Mike Deaf does say Deathloop has really good voice acting.
Yeah, there you go.
Garth the Wolf in Chat says doing Hades Extreme while listening to the show LMAO Loot Dragon Time.
Hey, that's last year's Game of the Year right there.
Or at least it was nominated.
It didn't actually win, but I know it got nominated.
Yeah, Mike Deaf says Lady Dimitrescu is the people's vote.
Yeah, Tigerclaw says Giancarlo Esposito is a good actor.
He could win it.
It's a good group, if nothing else.
So there is that.
So, yeah, I think that's all I'll read.
If you want to see more of the nominees, you can head on over to the Game Award websites.
Of course, you can vote, but if you read the fine print, audience voting is only 10% of the vote.
That way you guys can't fuck it up.
The critics and the board still have 90% of the say.
I haven't checked the fine print this year to see if maybe those numbers shifted, so disclaimer,
but I know in previous years the people's vote is only 10% of the vote.
So just an interesting little footnote you may have missed.
All right, we have a few more stories for you guys.
Let's go to Dark Sakura with our next story.
So, well, people like BTS, and BTS has been doing several collaborations across the board with other things.
So they're actually going to be working with doing a collaboration with Among Us.
They're going to have the BT21 characters that were created by line friends
to do all animated versions of the members of BTS for Among Us.
So there you go.
I don't listen to BTS. A lot of people do.
I've listened to a few things, but I mean, I think it's kind of cool that there's this big international thing going on,
that they've hit it so big.
They're involved in games that a lot of people around the world are going to be playing.
So there you go.
I'll be interested to see.
It would be a nice kick in the pants for Among Us, too.
I know there's still people playing it, but I do kind of feel like that game sort of peaked,
at least as far as like the Twitch interactivity and stuff, a while ago.
Yes, I know people are still playing it, but not as many as were.
But this could be the nice little like kick in the pants that that game could kind of use to get people to play it again.
So we'll see.
I think it's more that people outside of the US are playing it more.
Oh, good point. Fair point.
You're not the only country in the world.
That's true.
Jason and chat are voiceover dudes saying Among Us collab, not Fortnite.
Bless.
Hey, you know what, though?
I have to say, remember the Ariana Grande Fortnite collab was actually pretty cool.
Like in that day, take that for somebody who does not play Fortnite, but kind of wanted to for that.
Garth, the wolf in chat says BTS came out with the best sauces McDonald's has had for their nuggies in years.
Honestly, truth.
Like I know BTS from the McDonald's meal and those sauces were really good.
So there is they have I'm unfamiliar with.
I think they exist in other again, like dark soccer kind of pointed out other other parts of the world.
And I think they just made them for the US for a short time.
I want to say there was a spicy chili sauce and some type of mustard sauce.
Garth, the wolf. Correct me if I'm wrong. It was it was as like a spicy mustard as well.
Maybe it was a chili sauce and spicy mustard, but they were really good.
Oh, thank you. Garth, the wolf says Cajun and sweet chili were the two sauces.
OK, they were good. Who had the mustard? Somebody, another artist had the mustard then.
Was that Saweetie? I don't know. All right. Anyway, moving on.
Let's get to Loki's story.
So this is out of like left field here, but apparently there was a video put up or a brand new site, I should say,
called Beyond the Groovy that's been put up by Interplay Entertainment.
And it is kind of showing off Earthworm Jim as an animated series.
I don't know if these are like animation tests or what,
but apparently there's an animated series for Earthworm Jim coming out. Wasn't there already?
Yeah, there was a cartoon in the past. This is going to be like a computer animated thing.
It looks all right. I mean, I like I like the old cartoon,
so sure. Why not? Beats what Earthworm Jim 4 looks like.
It's an interesting development as far as Intellivision having that property right now.
I don't put too much stock in that, but it's interesting.
That's it. Like interesting can go a lot of ways. I just think it's interesting.
Yeah. So. All right. Last. No one asked for this, but sure.
Last but not least, I thought this was a very interesting story with the former VP of marketing for Nintendo of America.
You know, the GameCube is 20 years old now. It originally came out in 2001 for the holidays.
And here we are. Holidays 2021. VGC had an interview with Perrin Kaplan,
who you might remember from some of the older E3s who at the time was VP of marketing at Nintendo America.
And in the interview, Perrin Kaplan mentioned that the PR marketing teams at Nintendo of America were not happy with the purple color choice for the GameCube.
And that these teams informed Nintendo Japan of this. But Nintendo Japan has the final say.
And so that was it. Nintendo America was told, nope, this is the direction we're going in.
Nintendo of America wanted to do black and silver at launch,
which is funny because those colors came later, if I'm not mistaken, because I had a silver one.
Thanks to Loki. Loki bought me a GameCube. Wasn't it a silver one? I think it was.
So I liked purple. Yeah, I like the color. We never got over here with spice.
Yeah. Yeah. But what's interesting now, here's the.
Nintendo of America thought the purple GameCube looked too feminine and they were nervous that it would be slated at E3 based on the color.
And here's the quote from Perrin Kaplan, who, if I'm not mistaken, is it wasn't Perrin Kaplan a one or is a woman?
I think so. What I remember. We actually suggested that the purple was not the best to start with.
And Japan said, no, we're going to use that. Then we pushed for black and silver because I think in the US, nobody had ever really done the purple color before.
It wasn't that you couldn't bring out hardware that was a different color. It was just a very female looking color.
It just didn't feel masculine, I think. I remember us being very nervous at E3 that we were going to get bad press of purple based on the color.
Beth Lujan, who is the former director of corporate communications, says this predates Apple picking your color these days is like making a statement.
But back then, all the game systems were black. Even white hadn't really been done widely.
Nintendo was never a technology story, but we were always combating what our competitors at Sony and Microsoft were doing from a PR perspective.
And having this purple box didn't quite help there. Beth, wasn't the Super Nintendo a white and purple console?
Am I am I recalling that incorrectly? Wasn't the Nintendo Entertainment System agree?
All right. It was it was just two different shades of gray overseas.
And I think that this might be, I hate to say it, but a coded phrase.
And I'm going to just call it out there. I mean, I kind of think that there is a big stink of maybe some homophobia behind behind this comment.
Interesting.
Because I mean.
There was like, well, what was it that I was reading that that things that are purple are coded to be more toward the LGBT community in marketing?
I've heard that, too. Yeah.
And so I mean, so basically, like, does this make our system look gay?
You know, that's how I'm I'm not going to fault Perrin for the compliment or for the comment, because she's speaking of an industry 20 years ago and that whole thing.
So I'm not I'm like, I'm not my target isn't on her for that comment, but it is just fascinating.
And to look in retrospect, did anyone fucking care that it was purple?
Actually, I kind of liked that original car. I love my silver game.
The purple was fine.
My purple.
It's it's a weird comment.
That second comment that talks about all the other game consoles being black and white, that Atari had a very definitive kind of wood color to it.
It wasn't really totally.
That was also the 70s, Rob.
I know, but everything was wood paneled in the 70s.
Game systems are all sorts of colors.
It's weird.
Channel F was what? Orange and yellow.
That was also the 70s, though.
TigerCon chat says, what's wrong with purple?
Vogue network is purple.
Nothing.
Nothing's wrong with purple.
I love purple.
Twitch is purple everywhere.
Like, but again, also talking about a different market.
Yes. And Perrin is talking about an industry 20 years ago.
And speech is very coded for meaning one thing and saying it a different way as so not to cause offense.
Yeah, I get it.
But it's not the first time I've I've heard that terminology used in a homophobic light.
You're right. She might be covering up for something way worse.
And I understand that she got to choose her words carefully there, because, you know, if she potentially allegedly said what we are drawing conclusions to, admittedly, we don't know.
We weren't in the room.
We don't know.
But, you know, that obviously, if she'd said that very frankly, that would have caused a much bigger stink and she probably wouldn't be giving any more interviews.
So which and probably, though, in the day, it would be said that way because.
Yeah, I get it.
People today are a lot more conscious of it.
I get it. TigerClaw again with an excellent point.
This is the last purple thing I'm going to read, guys.
TigerClaw in chat says Mace Windu's lightsaber was purple from the Star Wars prequels.
That if I remember my.
That was Samuel's pick.
Yeah, it was Samuel L. Jackson's pick.
He said he would only play the part if he could have a purple lightsaber and they gave it to him.
So because he's Sammy fucking L.
Because Samuel L. Jackson's a fucking badass.
We all know that. So he tells you to do something.
You better listen.
He needed to be in the room when they were choosing the color purple for the GameCube.
He would have shut that down.
Bitch.
Exactly. All right.
Do you recall me giving you a choice of what color you could pick?
I don't think so.
All right.
It's motherfucking purple.
Let's go to the listener roundtable.
We invite your emails every week.
Participate at orange lounge radio dot com.
I think I only saw a spam email in there, but I'll check with Dark Soccer.
See if we got anything.
There were nothing but several spam emails.
Only one that cleans out spam emails.
Apparently they found us.
No, I get everything forwards to my personal email.
So I know there.
So, yeah.
All right.
It wasn't nothing was deleted, but it's fine.
So I will invite calls if anyone wants to call in.
Head on over to our discord.
I'm watching Drag Race.
Vogue network dot com slash discord.
Oh, yeah.
We we usually do drag race talk when there's no emails.
But I can't watch any drag race now.
So whatever.
And none of it's on.
Right.
I mean, there's international versions, but that's what I'm saying.
I can't watch.
I don't have any of the paramount shit.
OK, let's go to questions in chat, which we invite those as well.
No one special.
Seventy seven has a good food related question to start us off.
I guess a little mini Orange Lounge foodie.
Oh, do you associate eating a specific food with gaming?
If so, what food for me?
I associate pizza and cola with gaming on account that I went to show
this pizza place in the early 80s.
And that was an early experience with gaming for me.
Does anyone associate food with gaming?
Yes.
Is there a cheese sticks and DDR?
That's true.
Where this show was born.
Right.
Those good ass mozzarella cheese sticks that the cafe in front of
Golf Land sold.
Yeah.
All right.
I'm with you there.
This question is a little weird for me now after everything I talked
about last week, but I'm not sure I have.
I'm not sure I have, like, a Pavlov response to some sort of food
and gaming like that.
I mean, I do remember, like, like, you know, in special,
I do remember that my like an early,
early gaming experience,
like my first arcade memory I very clearly remember was playing Crystal
Castles standing on a booster because kids had to use the boosters
because we were short and it was at a Chuck E.
Cheese pizza.
So I associate like Crystal Castles with Chuck E.
Cheese.
But like, why would I ever in my life crave Chuck E.
Cheese pizza?
Because the Chuck E.
Cheese pizza back in the 80s was really good.
Okay.
Now, not so much.
And also, like, I remember then, like, they kept arcades,
like pretty dark because it's arcade games.
You don't want the glare on the screen.
So good pizza, dark arcades.
Yes, that's the way it is.
Now it's just like ticket spitters and bad pizza.
I have one.
Okay. Yes.
And then I have one that I know dark soccer will agree with.
But you first.
Pop Rocks.
Oh, how's that associate with games for you?
Because when I worked in an arcade,
remember I worked at one for a while,
I would save up all the little single tickets
that people would leave in the machines.
And I would redeem them for Pop Rocks during my shift.
And then I would bounce around like a maniac my entire shift
and then go home and crash hardcore.
Like, I mean, the machines actually gave me migraines,
which was pretty unfortunate given that I, you know,
like being saying that I could work at an arcade,
but it was Pop Rocks.
And I mean,
and Pop Rocks and Jolt Cola and Pixie Sticks
also got me through my first exam week of college.
The week I didn't sleep for a week.
Going to chat, we have a few other comments on this.
Garth the Wolf says,
I associate Halo 3 with Cheez-Its
because me and a friend ate them while playing together, LOL.
And E3VL says, yeah, pizza back in the day was good,
especially Pizza Hut before they changed the recipe.
Okay, I have one more.
Pizza Hut is so much better now.
I have a food association, Dark Soccer.
I know you're going to.
It's the drink propel and the DDR days.
And that is like if you listen to the early episodes of OLR,
not that I would encourage people to do that,
but I know some of you do it anyway.
Like there were seriously like propel worship episodes
of that show.
We would drink it while doing the show.
Now I can't stand that shit.
I don't mind it, but I have the texture of it.
I haven't checked to see if it jives
with what I currently am facing,
so probably not to be honest.
Well, actually propel is sugar free.
Oh, that's good.
Okay, then I probably can have it.
But I don't hate it.
The other thing for me is Brookfield's Mini Loaves.
Yeah, yeah.
And I actually blame Jessica for that.
It's good stuff.
And now I cannot go to Brookfield's
without being pissed off that not all of them
will have Mini Loaves available.
Oh, they don't?
That's unfortunate.
To go with my Avgo Lemono that I've become addicted to.
Yes.
They had great chicken tortilla soup, too.
Rob, let's go to Brookfield's.
I'm challenged to eat some of the things
I used to enjoy there.
I guess I could always have a salad.
There's other stuff.
You can have me.
Also, in a couple months,
we can reevaluate some things
and hopefully get to bring some things back.
We'll see.
We'll see.
Okay, I did see a call sneak into the green room,
so I want to take it because this is, of course,
an old OLR favorite to invite back on the show here.
So let's bring him into the room and say,
hello, you're on Orange Lawn's radio.
Who's this?
This is YYR.
Hey, YYR.
Yes, I caught the tail end of your stream.
I did.
Yeah, I was on mobile, so I wasn't really chatting,
but your friend that you were playing with
was playing Max 300 on standard
and used some type of modifier
that added extra notes in the middle of runs.
I was like, why on earth did you do that to yourself?
Well, we were using all kinds of crazy mods
the entire time.
I would definitely encourage folks to check out the VOD.
I'll link to it in the Discord.
But some of the things we did included, you know,
hidden plus sudden at the same time,
which StepMania does.
DDR doesn't.
Basically, you get to see the arrows
for just like a very short time in the middle.
And what else?
I did a low-scoring set
where I intentionally got the lowest possible passing score.
I think I got about a 32% on expert.
Congrats, I think.
I played completely silent one song.
I played the expert chart with no audio.
I played the expert chart with different audio.
And then just all kinds of other crazy, silly things
to try to break up the monotony a little bit.
And I saw you raised some good money for charity,
so congratulations.
I apologize for the terrible camera angle in Discord.
I'm doing my best here.
But now we actually brought,
I don't know if you were listening
at the beginning of the show,
but right at the beginning of the show,
I did talk about your little announcement
that you made at the end.
Oh, I appreciate that.
That you're adding the dance mode into super multitasking.
But I couldn't remember all of the details
about the other stuff too.
Can you elaborate on what else you're working with
with super multitasking?
Well, I mean, I have to admit,
I didn't do much apart from, you know,
I didn't announce much apart from the workout mode.
Okay.
I'm working on the expansion.
Oh, I see you allocated a spot for me.
I guess I might as well do this.
Sure.
Access camera.
Cool.
Sup?
Hi, good to see you.
Thanks.
So, yes, what I announced today,
basically I'm working on the new minigames
for the expansion that's still coming sometime next year.
I don't want to commit to a certain time of the year,
but several of them are done now.
But the only one I have announced to date
is this dance game.
It plays on one of the thumb sticks.
It's very simple.
It only lasts for about 12 seconds,
like all the others,
and you just, you know, push in the proper direction
when the arrow comes up.
But I really feel like I captured the feel of DDR pretty well.
And it plays nicely, and I'm really excited about it.
But I knew from the very beginning that I, you know,
from the moment I decided to put this minigame in there,
I knew from the very beginning that I wanted to actually put
a dance pad mode in the game.
Because, I mean, because I'm ridiculous, that's why.
And it, yeah, it actually plays really well,
except for the fact that I need to work on the jump processing,
because DDR and Step Mania, I don't know if you noticed this,
but if your feet don't go down at the exact same frame
or moment when you're jumping,
the game has some leniency on that.
Right now, mine doesn't have that, so it will.
But at the moment, you have to hit the jump.
Both feet have to go down at the exact same moment,
otherwise you miss.
But I actually threw most of it together.
Like, the actual full-length song mode,
I actually threw most of it together yesterday.
So, because in the regular super multitasking dance minigame,
there are no jumps.
Because how are you going to do a left-right jump
with an analog stick?
Yeah, yeah, yeah, makes sense.
It's going to be difficult enough, that's for sure.
I watched you play that mode with the controller,
because you tweeted OLR and I retweeted it
so people could see it, and you had that,
like you were playing the dance in the middle
on the dance pad using a controller,
and I just thought, I was like,
way to make a zany, stress-filled game even more stressful.
But hey, you can burn calories doing it, so awesome.
If it makes you feel any better,
you don't have to worry about the middle of the controller,
the ABXY, it's just the stuff around it.
So, just.
I feel much better, thank you.
But actually, that's not the only thing
I wanted to talk about.
I want to talk about a pretty awesome experience
I had this week gaming on my Xbox
when I actually made the few minutes to do that that I got.
So, Forza Horizon 5, you know how great this game is,
but the one disappointing thing about it in my eyes,
the biggest one, was the fact that I'm still rocking
my Xbox One X on my big TV, and when it comes to driving games,
I'm a frame rate snob.
It has to be 60 frames per second or higher,
and I will not settle for less.
In fact, that's why I bought my Xbox One X initially.
It was to play Forza Horizon 4 at 60 FPS
because I knew the performance mode was there,
and it was to play Ori in 4K.
So, and I still haven't even made the time
to get back to the ladder yet,
probably partially because I spent 500 hours
playing Forza Horizon 4 on it.
So, I got my money's worth.
And to be clear, there is a 60 frame mode in Forza,
but I believe it's only on Series X and maybe S,
but not the console.
It's on S.
Yeah.
Yeah, unfortunately, there is absolutely no performance mode
in Forza Horizon 5 if you're running it on an Xbox One X,
but I actually played Forza Horizon 5
on my Xbox One X at 60 frames per second this week.
Oh.
Using cloud gaming.
Oh, clever.
Because, first of all, you have to uninstall it from the hard drive.
It won't offer you cloud gaming if the game is locally installed,
but if you then launch it,
you're going to be playing it on an Xbox Series X
somewhere in a data center.
Right.
And you just go to the menu from the initial screen
and you turn on performance mode and it restarts
and then you get the 60 FPS on a One X.
Now, did the artifacting or any of that stuff bother you
or were you very pleased with the experience of gaming in the cloud?
There was definitely some artifacting.
I can't hide that.
However, if you've been watching digital cable YouTube videos,
you know, for any length of time,
you're probably already somewhat used to it,
so I actually felt like, you know, the colors weren't as good,
they weren't as vibrant, and yeah, the artifacting was there.
But you know what?
I enjoyed it more than I would have a 30 FPS mode.
So for me, and here's the thing,
I've used xCloud on my phone before,
and on my computer as well,
and there was always enough lag on it
that I felt like it wasn't really playable,
at least if you're moving at 200 miles per hour,
because pretty much any lag is unacceptable.
But on my console, mind you, it's directly wired to my router,
but on my console, it played really, really well.
I did not notice the lag.
Yeah, the cloud gaming is getting to be more and more impressive technology,
and that's really any piece of the cloud gaming I've used,
whether it be Stadia, which I know Dark Soccer is very familiar with,
or the xCloud, which I think has also been a great experience,
or the NVIDIA thing that's also in the cloud as well,
you know, have all been pretty good,
and it's interesting because I really do think there is a good chunk of gaming
that's kind of headed this direction.
Now, granted, Internet isn't everywhere yet,
but, you know, 10 years from now,
we're going to be talking about over-the-air 5G is what we have in our house,
and it's faster than cable,
and it's going to be very interesting to see what that does for cloud gaming.
Yeah, I mean, I have to say,
my whole opinion of cloud gaming changed just in this one week,
just with that one experience,
because that basically told me that this is a viable thing,
that, you know, this could be the future.
It's crazy.
I didn't think I would think this way,
but, and this is after I bought an Xbox Series S
just so I could play the game at 60 FPS,
but it's sitting at my computer desk over there, you know,
and I guess I like playing on my TV for some reason.
I love that story, though.
You should tweet that to Microsoft.
I bet they'll be very happy with it, so interesting.
And you know what?
It's funny because, you know, if you play cloud gaming,
a lot of the time it pops up right after,
oh, what did you think of this?
We want your feedback, and when I tell them,
and when I tell them, yes, it was good,
they ask, okay, what did you like about it?
My use case is not one of the options.
Oh, you don't get a box to fill in to put your own thing?
No, no, they ask you to pick one of several choices.
I thought they let you fill it in.
I like the fact that I could play anywhere.
I like how it starts immediately.
I like how I don't have to install anything.
I like that it's giving me access to Series X exclusive features.
I really do like that, and yeah, it's pretty sweet.
And you know what?
I bet when, you know, word spreads about how well this runs,
I think the resale value of some of these old VCR Xbox Ones
might go up a little bit because, you know,
maybe they're not worthless after all.
Although I must say, when I got my Series S,
I started looking at eBay to see what the resale value of an Xbox One S is.
I don't know what the heck is going on with the console market right now
because people are just bonkers.
They're willing to pay ridiculous amounts of money for Xbox Ones
and base PS4s right now.
I guess it's because they can't get anything else.
But $200 to $300 range, for the previous gen consoles,
$200 to $300 range was commonplace.
Wow.
Yeah.
It's bad.
Well, while we are, I love that story,
and I love what you did for your birthday stream,
and I love that we all get to benefit with more bigger, better,
super multitasking in the coming months.
So if you guys haven't checked out my channel,
So if you guys haven't checked it out on Steam already,
what the hell are you waiting for?
Get on it. Super multitasking available in the storefront.
I don't know how to say it.
It's like WarioWare, but more.
More at once.
More at once.
YYR, anything else to share with the audience before I let you go?
I think I'm tired.
All right. All right. Go to bed.
All right. Have a good night. Thanks for calling.
We're very tired from all that dancing. Get some rest in.
All right. Take care, buddy. It's good to hear from you.
Great week, everybody.
Bye-bye.
Great to hear from our pal YYR here on the program.
All right.
Let me see if we had any other...
No, we didn't have any other calls.
Let me check in with Loki to see if there's any last-minute stories.
No.
It's going to start to get more to that slower time of year.
I don't know if we'll have a lot to cover next week.
We are still going to be here Sunday night.
I don't know if we'll have a lot to cover.
I really want to invite your questions and discussion topics for us.
Mailbag... I'm sorry.
The mailbag address is
participate at orangeloungeloungeradio.com
is the place where you can send us an email.
Oh, Bobby Blackall points out the Arcade 1UP Tron.
Yes, that's true.
Should I talk about this? I don't know.
I'm getting a little iffy on if I want to still do London next year.
I really, really, really, really want to go to that concert.
The thing that's obviously with the recent news
that I talked about last week on the show,
I'm starting to worry if that might kind of put a damper on things,
but what's really putting a damper on things
is that COVID is coming back again,
and now you look into all the travel restrictions.
You want to go over there. You still have to get tested.
This is even if you're vaccinated.
You still have to get tested on the second day that you're there.
So it's like you have to spend money to do that and time to do that.
So I'm starting to wonder if I just shouldn't
axe that trip and get myself a Tron Arcade 1UP
and some of the other things, but we'll see,
to be determined on that.
I got an Arcade 1UP actually just last week.
Oh, yeah. Tell us about this because I saw the tweet.
I got the tabletop Dig Dug.
Oh, I didn't know it was tabletop.
I thought it was the standing one. Oh, that's cool.
Yeah, I got the tabletop Dig Dug to go with our tabletop Galaga.
Oh, I love that.
I didn't know there was a Dig Dug branded one.
I imagine it's the same like Pac-Man, Ms. Pac-Man,
like all the Namco stuff in it, but that's pretty cool.
Yeah, it's just Dig Dug and Dig Dug 2.
These are a little bit more limited.
Oh, oh, not like cocktail tabletop.
I know what you're talking about. I wanted that Dig Dug 1.
I couldn't find it anywhere. Oh, I want it.
They had exactly one left at a Ross Dress for Less.
Wow.
If I find another.
Yeah, let me know.
I will grab it for you.
I'll have to check those kind of stores in the area to see.
Along with the other stuff that I've bought for you that I haven't given you.
I still have a thing for you from L.A.
That's right.
I still have a thing for you from L.A., yeah.
I've got things in the pipeline.
All right.
All right.
Well, if there's no other stories, then I think we'll go ahead and wrap it all up for tonight.
Hey, I want to thank you guys for tuning into Orange Launch Radio and listening to our show.
Whether you were here with us live or listening on the podcast feed, thank you for being here.
Tell a friend or two about the show.
Help us spread the word because we are the show where every gamer has a voice,
but we need the voices to be here.
So, yes, please consider following us on Twitch, twitch.tv slash vog network, VOG network.
A nice five-star review on a place like iTunes or Spotify, wherever did you find this show.
Those go an awful long way as well.
The merch shop is currently closed for maintenance, but we'll be bringing that back soon.
Thanks to everyone who's gone out of their way and supported us with that in the past.
And we look forward to maybe this will be an opportunity for some new merch in the future.
I think that's all I have to say in my little spiel.
So, we'll go around and get everybody's final thoughts and wrap on up.
Dark Sakura will be keeping the party going with the after party and her dead by daylight.
So, I will go to her first with her final thought.
I should probably just play no-ed just for the sake of pissing people off tonight.
I might do that.
An all no-ed stream. Love it.
An all no-ed stream and I want to see who it's going to be the meme.
I'll use no-ed and then see if anybody gets a tree trunk up their ass over it.
No-ed, haunted ground, I'm trying to think of the other like exposed iron maiden.
My pig build is pretty mean as it is.
Especially if I do like number two rule set and tamper timer when I don't have the VHS tape.
I don't know. I'm pretty mean already.
But how about a doctor with no-ed or a Freddy with no-ed?
All right. All right.
Have fun being sweaty.
I will see you in a little bit after the show.
Sweaty? That removes the sweat factor altogether.
All right. Take care.
All right. Bye.
All right. And we'll go to Loki for your final thought tonight.
My final thought is I'm going to be very busy this week getting the last few episodes put together for my series.
And I can't wait to start the new stuff.
My final thought I didn't stream as much as last week because I've really been trying to keep make room for Alan to stream.
And I've been really into this ingress event that's going on right now and trying to get more exercise.
And I hit some really good exercise goals I did yesterday and today.
Ten thousand steps. That's five miles.
So that's something I'm obviously with everything I've been talking about last week.
But some of the signs of me doing good things is showing up already, which is very encouraging because it's only been a couple of weeks.
So just y'all keep your fingers and your toes crossed.
I can stay on this route because I would love to not that I'm going to kid myself this is going to go away completely,
but I'd love to just be in a in a capacity with a little more flexibility.
So we'll see. Fingers and toes crossed. Yes.
You heard Matt says I didn't participate in community today was traveling.
I only got five. I walked five miles and got five shiny shinxes.
But that's plenty. I don't I don't need 40.
I didn't check in with Shane to see how many he got to maybe check in for after the credits.
All right. That is going to do it, though, for another week of Orange Lounge Radio.
Thanks again. We'll see you in seven days for those of you in the states.
Have a great Thanksgiving for everybody around the world.
We are thankful for you tuning in and supporting our show each and every week.
Or even if this is the first week, I'm thankful you got to the end of the show because we had some angries earlier.
So I appreciate you guys sticking with it. Happy gaming. Enjoy any of the new games you picked up this week.
We'll be back to do it again in seven days. Have a great night, everybody.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is a production of OLR Studios.
To join us for a live show, tune into VOG Network dot com Sunday nights at 6 p.m. Pacific, 9 p.m. Eastern.
The views and opinions expressed in this program do not necessarily reflect those of the staff of Orange Lounge Radio or VOG Network.
But you know, they were all still true.
See you next week.
You
