I don't know if it's a sign at a time, it's a sign of my being less in the music
games community, if it's because we've had simulators with no cost for decades, but
Konami's PC gaming network has become a little bigger with the release of Dance Dance Revolution
Grand Prix and I haven't seen a lot of hype yet. The song list is incredible and as I've
loved about modern Bimani, updates will doubtlessly continue to come. This is the music game update,
possibly the last of the year, now it's time for your hosts Rob Roberts, Jamie Sommers,
and Loki to bring you more on this and the rest of the week's gaming news, starting
right now on the show where every gamer has a voice.
Hello my friends out there on the internet, welcome back to another week of the show where
every gamer has a voice. It is Orange Lounge Radio and we are live with you once again
for episode number 891 of our show for this November the 14th of 2021. My name is Rob
Roberts and joining me as always, say hello first off to DarkSakura, but you can call
her Jamie Sommers. Hi.
Hi.
How are you?
I'm all right. How are you?
I've had a few weeks. I've had a bit of a month. Maybe I'll talk about some of that
later, but yeah, it's, it's, uh, it's, it's been a time. Um, big things happening. Yeah.
Yeah. Lots going on. Um, lots going on in video games too. Um, I know a little later
in the show, we're going to talk about some of the issues that have come up as a problem
with the dead by daylight, um, test realm, but funny enough, the part that we're probably
not going to talk about as much. So I'll talk about it now is the actual new killer and
survivor that were announced for the game, the artist. And I'm curious about your thoughts.
We have guy ferry. Yeah. Yes. Yes. Uh, no, actually FBI agent, whatever. I mean, I'm
glad we have another, uh, Latino character. Yes. And actually we have two new Latin characters.
So I'm Carmina, the artist, first of all, I love her. I love her story and I love her
level. Yeah. It was like three different surrealist paintings like in one, like you can see bits
of a Dali in the, you know, the Sandy landscape and the shape of the trees and her little
cathedral inside is almost perfectly based off of an Escher painting. And this week is
the week that the Hawkins laboratory map is going away in dead by daylight because the
stranger things license will be lost for the marketplace in the game. Uh, this week the
offerings are already gone, right? Yeah. The offerings are gone. And, um, but, but, uh,
of course, uh, to, to clarify, if you've already purchased Nancy Steve or the killer, the Demigorgon,
you will get to keep that. It's just, you can no longer buy them. Yeah. You can no longer
buy them after a Friday. I think it's the big day that that is all being pulled. So
anyway, we also know though that there's also Jonathan who's only available as a cosmetic,
right? Um, so we're losing Hawkins laboratory as a level, but this, you know, which is,
you know, in a way it's kind of like, I know people have very strong feelings about indoor
maps. And I think, but I think Hawkins is superior to Leary's in my opinion, the other
doctor, whatever. Um, but, uh, uh, like I said, everybody has their opinion, but I think
this new map, which is an indoor, it's outdoor, mostly outdoor, it has a few indoor parts.
It's mostly outdoor. I think his new map is like, Oh, this is so damn good. It makes up
for losing Hawkins. They need to finish, fix the lighting issues on the indoor though.
Because it's almost unplayable without improving your brightness or having some sort of filter.
It's very dark. Yeah. And it's on the test build for now. So, you know, there's lots
of changes to come, but, um, that's just the point of the test build is to get feedback
from the people playing it. And I was just, I was just curious, your early thoughts, of
course, the killer and survivor won't release for probably another two, three weeks, but,
um, it's nice useless. He's loud. He's large. And I'm not saying this in terms of, Oh yeah,
he's a big guy. Cause I mean, I think it's good that we have more representation, but
from a tactical standpoint, he's a large guy, which makes him an easier target. He is very
loud. And honestly, I don't think his perks are all that great. However, Carmina is perfect
all around her. Her bird attack puts the chains, the axes, and the, the traps all to shame.
I think as far as the survivor goes, his perk that extends the run by two seconds. Um, when
you get hit, I think that is a lot more, that's basically a sprint burst at the time you need
sprint burst. And so I think that's kinda, um, I think that'll be the perk people want,
but we'll see. A good killer is going to be able to compensate for it easy. Most killers
are going to be able to catch up on that extra two seconds anyway. I don't always go up against
good killers. All right. Anyway, uh, let's say hello to someone who doesn't play quite
as much dead by daylight, but it plays a lot of other stuff. Certainly Minecraft and, and
a game we're going to talk about tonight. Uh, hey, hi tech master Loki. I don't play
any dead by daylight. No. Oh, you don't play any dead by day. Well, no, I know you have
to buy the game in order to play it. Yes. Um, that's okay. I know there's people listen
to this show. It's all right. Do they have it on games pass? I mean, yes, that's how
I started it. Uh, dead by daylight is on a game pass for PC or windows store and a X
box. That's how I started playing. That's how I got into it is I was like, Oh, well,
Alan's used to really like this game. It's free on game pass. What do I have to lose?
And well, apparently hours and hours and hours of my time, uh, is what I have to lose, but
Hey, here we go. Isn't that the way with video games? It is. Yeah, definitely. So what's
the game you have playing behind you tonight? I feel like I've seen it before. Yeah, you
have seen it before. And, and it's, it's shoddy glory. We have, uh, the grant has auto definitive
edition. I think this is just grant the thought of three right now, but it is a long play
video. It might be all three. I don't know. Yeah. Um, I'm going to ask dark soccer to
kick us off tonight in our discussion about everything that's going on with all of this.
First I do want to say hello to our chatters. Um, hi folks over at twitch.tv slash VOG network
where we do tape live every Sunday night at six o'clock Pacific nine o'clock Eastern right
after the Bobby black Wolf show. Hello. Hello. Hello to all of you. I've seen some new people
in chat tonight. So hello to the new folks, whether you're a long time podcaster, first
time Twitch viewer or whatever you've been lurking. Hello. Hello. All the same and welcome
to our happy. Oh, that could be it too. Hello from Minecraft. Hello from dead by daylight
and my streams star Sakura streams. Who knows where people come from, but welcome. Welcome.
Uh, I want to say thank you. Thank you because I see a level five hype train going on and
it takes, it takes a lot of biddies and subs to get to a level five hype train. So I would
just want to do acknowledge that and say thank you. I will, I, I, we are taping a podcast.
I haven't kind of given this disclaimer in a little while. So just a reminder, we are
taping a podcast here and um, I know usually on Twitch, if you're like playing a game or
something, you usually kind of stop what you're doing and you stop and go, Hey, thanks
pod culture for the gift subs, you know, and stuff like that. And, and we really, we do
have when we're live, we do have a ticker bar at the bottom that kind of shows that
information that's going on. But since we are taping a podcast, we don't like to interrupt
every 15 seconds with what we're talking about and say that. So we will say it all at the
very, very, very end. And please know we appreciate it all the same. And I just do want to say
thank you, uh, for LA hype train going on right now. Okay. So let's talk about the train
that derailed this week and that is the grand theft auto remasters. And, um, yeah, Loki,
Loki, Loki said so, well, you didn't say that it was going to be a disaster, but you kind
of said like, this is not going to be good. They would put the minimal amount of effort
in. Yeah. And yes, yes. And so, yes, yes, I would agree with that. That is some, that
is the sentiment you've said they would put the minimal amount of effort in and, uh, that
is showing in all sorts of ways, dark Sakura, you have one very interesting way that effort
question Mark is showing up, right? Yeah. Um, I just thought like the moment I read
it, I actually laughed my ass off. And then I thought about it. I was like, actually,
that's probably not too much fun. Um, apparently the rain is so hard in GTA trilogy that it
it's unplayable. Um, someone put out a graphic comparison, uh, between the two and, you know,
it looks like the remaster was looking pretty good and everything, but when the effects
came out though, the effects were really negatively impacted. Um, the dynamic weather, you know,
which, which is really cool for immersion, get you into the game, make it seem like a
real world, but in the new version of San Andreas, the rainstorms are absolutely terrible.
Um, like people are describing it as it makes my eyes hurt or I'm running in a flash flood.
You know, um, it, it turns basically city rain into, you know, Alabama. It's a heavy
rain. Yes, it's a heavy rain. You'll just want to run around screaming, Jason, Jason,
look at it story wise. Well, this is supposed to be like somewhere in California, right?
California doesn't get rain like that. Not often. I mean, I was looking at the video
and this is, this is Alabama rain. This is the rain I grew up with.
People here would just go inside and never leave the house if it rained like that here.
So to be fair, that storm that happened up here, the, the, the day I was at Disneyland,
thank you very much, where it was a nice sunny day. Apparently that storm was kind of like that.
I missed it all. So thanks. I didn't want to be here. Even bad storms here. Don't get Alabama bad.
Um, over in our chat room at twitch.tv slash vog network, uh, our voiceover guy VX Jason,
V says what? Get it. Uh, let's see. Dr. Chui in chat says I saw some of it via one of the
YouTube folks I follow. Yeah. The rain was one of the things covered among a long list of others.
Oh yes. We'll get into some more. I want to, I want to save a nice slice of this pie for Loki
here. Uh, and let's see Questbuster in chat says it sounds like it met their benchmark for being
minimally viable. I don't know from my, from my perspective. Yeah, sure. It probably met
the conditions for minimum minimally viable, but, um, that doesn't also make a good product,
but I also think it was, it met their conditions for having the computer do all the work for you
for better or for worse. Like I, I feel like the Loki, you tell me if I'm right or wrong.
I feel like grand theft auto remaster is what happens when you let that little kid from the
old G four commercials that goes, I'm going to go to programming school and learn how to just
turn up the graphics on level three with the little computer dial. Right. The grand theft
auto remaster, it's even worse than that. Cause like, let's not like insult indie developers.
I mean, Jesus, like I think that they would put more care into it. But no, no, no, no. The,
the grand theft auto remaster is what happens when you turn the graphics up on level three
using a dial. They turn the grand theft. They turn the graphics up using a lot of computer
automation, if I'm not mistaken here and a lot of stuff using this dial and this is what you get.
Yeah. So they did several things that were not great. Um, a lot of it, I think using AI to
upscale different things. I know one of the things that was pointed out in a video that I saw,
because I haven't purchased this game. I'm not playing on purchasing it anytime soon. Um,
show the record. You love grand theft auto. I do love grant and people don't, people,
not everybody may know this cause we have listeners that have listened for two episodes.
We have listeners that have listened for 890 episodes. Um, you love grand theft auto,
like to the point when grand theft auto four, I used to love grand theft auto to the point.
Yeah. Fair, fair. When grand theft auto four was all the rage on Xbox 360, you were in the top
100 players in the world. And there were millions of people to play on that.
And it doesn't, and that's, that's the thing that's scary is because they're the, well,
we'll get to it, but like the rumor is that's the next one to get remastered. Like, uh, don't
do that. Um, but yeah, so they did a lot of automation to try and using AI to improve the
graphics in the game, which sometimes works. We've seen that with like fan mods and stuff like that,
where they'll take like final fantasy seven or something like that and upscale all the background
images and stuff like that. Uh, well, they use this to also upscale like text in the game,
like in the actual background and stuff. And it did its best, but it also misspelled things
because some text was illegible for the AI to be able to translate it correctly and upscale it.
So you have things like, you know, there's an auto shop thing and it's talking about like
gear maintenance or something like that. And it says bear maintenance instead. It's just like
weird stuff. Um, then you have like the weird character models, which I have no idea what's
wrong with that, but they're, there's something that's for sure. Um, they increase the draw
distance, which is good, but they also removed all the fog, which makes the game look really weird.
And it's not that they can't do the fog because you can actually put the cheat code to make
foggy. And it looks fine when you do it like that. Um, but anyway, so let's, let's start off
with kind of the stuff that, uh, has been going on. So the PC version of the game has the rockstar
games launcher app, which I really hate that they have that, but for the rockstar social club,
they have their own launcher app, and this is how you're able to play grand theft auto.
So if you purchased it on PC, um, you may have noticed that the launcher app went offline. It
just stopped working for a little bit. Finally, they were able to bring it back online. However,
you can't play grand theft auto anymore. That game you just purchased, you can't play
the whole definitive edition. Um, it has been taken offline because the route removing some
unintended data files that were included in the game. What are those data files? You may ask?
Well, it is basically a master cut of the, well, basically the full grand theft auto,
San Andreas. So you may remember a while back that there was the whole hot coffee mod thing,
and there's additional scripts that were unused, but they were still included in the game. Well,
this has that, uh, those same scripts, they have removed some of the models and stuff from the
game, but they also included, um, dev comments, cut content, um, a whole bunch of stuff. That's
just weird that it's even in there, but being the fact that they got in trouble with the hot coffee
thing, even though it wasn't something you can play in the game, um, being that that code was
there, they got, you know, that game had an AO rating and apparently also all of the audio,
um, the music tracks that got cut in this version of the game as well are still on within there,
but they're disabled by scripts. So how hard would it be for someone to modify that? Who knows,
but there's, yeah, definitely a lot of issues. I think on the modder question, we're about to find
out, um, quest buster kind of going back to the rain thing, uh, brings up in our chat at twitch
TV slash vog network quest buster says after modders were chased away by rockstar in the
proceeding months, I've read that modders have already started working on fixing the rain.
This is hilarious to me that modders who take to have really gone out of their way to piss off
are now going to be the ones that are going to start fixing the game that blows my mind.
Just this week, they already had more DMCA strikes against modders. So for example,
they had three mods that were kind of taken down because of this, one of those being GTA advanced
PC port. Um, so what that is, is basically converting, uh, GTA advance, which was only
on the game boy advance into the, um, the GTA three engine. And then also they had the lost
and damned unlocked, which was basically the DLC for granted out for, but there's stuff that was
cut from that. And so it's kind of restoring that. And then oddly enough, um, a grand theft out of
four episodes of Liberty city, lost them, damn 65% complete save file, which isn't even a mod.
It's just a save file so that you can start with the game 65% complete. I don't get that one. Um,
I don't even understand how they can take this stuff down. Like it's just, it's, it's ridiculous,
just what they're doing here. But obviously it, it signals to me that they're looking to
do more of these remasters. Um, I'm, you know, maybe they shouldn't or well, maybe
whoever, whatever team was doing it so that this wasn't done by them necessarily in house. It was
done by some Grove street studios or something like that, which Grove street does a reference
to San Andreas. Um, I don't know if it's like a spinoff internal studio type thing, but basically,
you know, this is a team that was handling it and it's just, it's such a mess. Like,
I'm sure there were a lot of people working very hard on this who didn't have enough time
that I it's gotta be with this. It's always what it comes down to.
Somebody at the top wanted to get this out a lot faster than what was, what real was realistically
possible because they don't, they don't know what all really goes into it.
And like some of the character models though, that they did in the game, like they just look
terrible. Like the originals look better than this. Like, I just don't understand what choice
I understand, you know, maybe not making them look realistic. Fine. But like just the direction
that they went with is so weird. I just don't get it. Well, I think there's, uh, they were expecting
this to be a huge holiday title for them. And I think this backlash is gonna, you know, let's,
let's re this. Here we go. Here's our cyberpunk 2077 for the year. Here it is. There's always
some game around the holiday season that shouldn't have come out for the holidays.
Not even just this game. There's a lot of games out right now that just came out recently that
are a giant mess. And it's just consistent that we see this all the time. We have studios just
rushing games out and then apologizing later about the state that they're out in.
It would be less like, I'd be less angry about it if it were, if they weren't like coming down
on modders to like, you know, they're trying to just improve the game and like, well, they don't
have to, no, I understand they don't, but I get it. But like, but at the same time, some of these
projects that they're doing aren't necessarily hurting anything, I think, but they feel
differently, obviously with their games, I'm kind of locking that stuff down.
I think the modders shouldn't help them, but you know what? It's not my time. It's not my effort.
It's not my choice, but it's, you know, and I'm, I'm not, certainly a lot of these folks are
extremely talented what they're doing with the mods, especially, you know, so quickly on the
game. So I'm, I'm certainly not going to talk down or bad about them, but I just, I certainly
wouldn't be making the same choice. I'd be playing something else and modding something else right
now. But, um, I get it, I guess, you know, when you love something that much, you want to see it
succeed and you'll do anything to try to nudge it in the right direction, even when it maybe doesn't
deserve it. Yeah. Um, let's see, um, Bobby Black Wolf with a fair point on that whole thing saying
modders are helping out of spite so they can give a big middle finger to rockstar. I understand what
it's like to be motivated by spite. So I'll give you that fair. That might, that may be the whole
thing. Um, SSG100 Matt with a funny, uh, OLR history tidbit. Hot coffee controversy was first
mentioned for the first time on the show on episode 197. That was July 11th, 2005 per the Wiki.
Thank you for that little update. So yes, what's old is new again. There we are.
Huh? I was just looking that up. I guess it's just a coincidence about the, the name of that.
But aside from, you know, the Grand Theft Auto trilogy, so they've, they've done, um,
the bully scholarship edition, which was done not that long ago. And then arc survival evolved on,
no, nevermind this, I think not the judge, but I think this kind of explains it. So they've
been working on mobile ports of these games. So arc survival evolved on iOS and Android and bully
anniversary edition on iOS and Android, uh, Chinatown wars, Grand Theft Auto, San Andreas.
So they actually did the ports for San Andreas on, um, on PlayStation three and Xbox three 60 as
well. Hmm. But yeah, they've been mainly working on, uh, iOS and Android ports of
the Grand Theft Auto, actually any of the rockstar game stuff. Interesting. Very.
So what happens now? Uh, Loki, what do you think? Where do we go from here? Like,
does take two just have to write off that? Well, those millions of copies we expected to sell are
going to get reduced because the internet figured out we cut too many corners with this. Um,
maybe they'll come back and fix the issues. I don't know if people even care at that point.
Somebody brought up great. We were talking about that. Well, hold on. Cause we were talking about
this on Twitter and somebody had jumped in and replied, I think you were tagged in this too,
and said, whatever happened with cyberpunk 2077 anyway? Like, and, and in a way, good question.
What did ever happen with that? No one talks about it anymore. It's still be,
well, the people talk about still, but it's just still in progress. Like they've already pushed
back once again, the PlayStation five and X-Box series X versions of the game. Um,
I don't know. I don't think any DLC has been worked on any, you know, recently they're still
putting out patches. I haven't played the game in over a year. Um, well not over a year because I
don't think it was out then, but about a year. I mean, shortly after it came out, I stopped playing
it and just kind of waiting for all the patches to be done. But yeah, I mean, I, I would love to
see the, I would love to see a remaster of four. Just not like this. Just please don't break it.
I would love to see four come back with death match. Oh God. I would love to have the death
match back like it was before, but they won't do it. She Hulk 10 in our chat brings up a good point
that, uh, refunds refunds. Uh, that's another thing that take to us deal with all this,
just like, you know, what happened with CD project red now, maybe not on that same scale
with CD project red. Cause that got really ugly. Well, and this, this story may not be done.
We'll see. Um, it took a few weeks for the, the cyberpunk, uh, issues to get there. But, um,
with the refund thing, you know, uh, we see people taking advantage of that, uh, already on, uh,
you know, on this game. So that's going to be interesting. All right. Uh, and, and lastly,
we'll close with this question here. Um, SSJ 100, Matt says, so how much did Loki laugh
maniacally when he saw this? I didn't, it was more like kind of figured this was going to be
the case. It's just, I don't know. I kind of like, I'm, I'm surprised just that the,
how bad it is like, cause some of the like remaster stuff that they've done, wasn't too
bad. Like I want to say like the X, and this same company worked on it, like the X-Box three 60
version of Sandra's wasn't super bad. Um, I'm just, I'm really surprised at like, like even
like, let's just say, let's just take it back. Like the absolute bare minimum, like we just up
scaled the graphics in the game. Maybe not even necessarily the models. Oh, so here's,
here's one that was also like, like, how could they get this so wrong? So I was watching, uh,
a video showing gameplay of this, um, being done by Matt, or was it Matt McMuscles? Uh,
he does a bunch of like, uh, funny like critique videos and stuff like that. And so he's showing
gameplay of Grand Theft Auto three and all of the audio in the game is like slowed down. Like,
it's really weird. And he's re he like, he's like, I rebooted my system. I restarted the
game. It's still doing this. And he was playing on, I don't remember, maybe in the switch. Um,
but there, no, it wasn't a sweet, it was one of the console versus PlayStation
five, maybe, or our X-Box series X. And yeah, it was just the audio is just like all distorted
and just like really deep, like everybody. It was weird. Um, but like, that's what I'm talking about.
Like that's the bare minimum and you gotta, you're right. Just pour it over the audio as it was
before. Like, why is the playback speed wrong? Like that's something that you should have caught
in testing. That's not something like, well, we'll fix it later. You know, that that's bad.
I think to go back to the original comment too, about laughing maniacally, it's, it's one of those
things where it's like, I don't know if we take pleasure in this news. I don't take pleasure in
it. Yeah. It's but it's really frustrating. Like kind of like Loki kind of, as we started off
talking about when you kind of saw it coming and like when we see this happen too much in this
industry where these projects are not given the time that they need or the manpower or the
resources or the investment that they need in order to be successful. And it's a bummer.
Yeah. It's just, it's a matter of looking at, I mean, let's not say that Rockstar Games doesn't
put any effort into Grand Theft Auto. They put in a lot of effort into, I don't have a lot of effort,
but they put in some effort into Grand Theft Auto Online because that's where they're making their
money. That's why I figured like when we're talking about a new version coming out, a remaster
or whatever, I wasn't expecting like a ton of changes. It was just kind of, you know, the bare
minimum. That said though, I mean, when we're talking about companies, they're putting the
bare minimum and re-release their games a billion times. At least, you know, the new Skyrim game
looks, you know, pretty good. I mean, considering that they didn't really do too much to it,
they just kind of slightly improved the graphics a bit and added a bunch of paid mods in there.
It still probably plays better. It's probably a better, you know, purchase versus what we got here
with Grand Theft Auto. A game that they're charging $60 for, by the way, for that.
Well, not if you're upgrading from a prior version. I get your point. I get it. All right.
Let's move on though. Let's talk about, we got other gaming news to get into and we will,
but it's always good to check in and see what types of games we have been playing this week
in a segment we call How Is Your Gaming Week? So let's go back to Dark Sakura. And I'm guessing
she probably hasn't played a lot of Grand Theft Auto, but we'll see what she has been playing
in your gaming week. I haven't actually touched Animal Crossing yet, which I'm really kind of
upset with myself about, but I've had a lot going on. So it's just basically been Dead by Daylight
and Fantasian. Though I found an RPG I might be starting called Turnip Boy Commits Tax Evasion.
That sounds fun. And I found a version of Power Washing Simulator for Mac. So I might be starting
that. That's fine. I love that game. I've been eating something just a little bit mindless to
sit back with after work. It is extremely mindless, extremely. I haven't played it in a while, but
it's extremely mindless. Well, the other thing going on is that I may have a period coming up
where I'm off work for about three weeks and I am thinking about doing a stream every day.
Ooh, that's a big challenge. So I can get that stream for 25 or 30 days
achievement. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. But I mean, right now, I can talk about it later,
but I've got stuff coming up soon that it's going to require me to be off all of my meds.
Look out world. Cold turkey. Well, let us know how we can help. If we can help. Probably just
don't talk to me. Well, if you have to take time off the show or something, let us know whatever
we had to do. We'll see. We'll see. But at any rate, I will probably be playing and cussing at
a lot of games during that time period. And I will let everyone know. All right. Well, if that's it
for your gaming week, let's go to Loki. How was your gaming week? So my week was pretty much just
playing Minecraft. I've been really trying to hustle to put out my next video. So I've been
working on that. I have a large build that I did. Probably a little bit too large for one video,
but yeah, I've also distracted myself by playing on another server as well. So I've been doing
that. Probably splitting my time between two servers is not the best thing to get weekly
videos out. But you know, it's fine. And then what else? So I've been thinking a lot about
doing the about the physical release of Pixel Poops number two. So we've got this Sacramento,
they have like a game expo thing, classic game expo, not really classic game expo. It's like a
gaming expo that they do in December. It's a mini convention. Yeah. Yeah. I like mini convention.
I went to it last year. It's pretty fun. But they've got a lot of like retro collector
YouTubers and personalities that are going to be attending as well. And I think it might be a good
idea to hand out some physical freebies for them. Get your game in front of people. Absolutely.
YYR, I would imagine. I mean, hopefully he's listening and can confirm or deny with a tweet
or something. But going to Magfest and getting that game, his various games in front of people,
like nothing sells that super multitasking like playing it and showing it to people like that's
how you sell that game. And so I think that's a big thing. Yeah. And I think especially if you're
going to go to a game gaming show and say, here is this game that I made and you can buy it right
now, scan this QR code or pay me ten dollars. Well, you'd have to have a vendor license for
that. So you want to get careful with that stuff. Yeah, they had this. And I thought about that.
I just don't think I'd be able to attend both days. So that's why I haven't been doing it. But
yeah, they've got like I'm trying to think who was there. But, you know, like Pat the NES punk.
Oh, you want to get your game in front of people the other way by actually giving them
copies of stuff to check out. It's clever. Yeah. They get people talking about it. Sure.
Because it's like I've seen a lot of like press coverage of like different games that
pretty much have to do a Kickstarter to do get like the coverage because
people see all sorts of different NES projects and they like make articles about it and stuff
because it's a thing to talk about. A game about people pooping on stuff is the NES is going to
make articles and that has clickbait material. It's just like, can you believe what's coming
on the NES? I mean, just. Can you believe this poop? I see dark soccer trying to drop a zinger,
but you're muted. You should have a catchphrase. Just get shit on. Get shit on.
But yeah, something like that, just need to put it out there. I do want to make physical copies,
though. I have to check. I need to really like source like packaging and whatnot. There's like
different companies you can work with. Like, I know the one that they got the coverage on
broke studios is to actually purchase my hard my actual boards through and they also do publishing
as well. I just don't know how you you how you get that kind of an agreement. There's other
like companies, too, that'll do like kind of publishing. I even see like a little limited
run games and stuff will do. Sure. You know, publishing and stuff like that for NES things.
I just don't know who to talk to for that kind of stuff, but maybe start broke studios. But
there's that there was was at the that magazine thing. So I have to figure out when that's coming
out. There's the. There's another nest maker, like not really competition, but they do this
thing every year that's almost like a game jam, but this year they're not doing a game jam because
of the weird scenario of raising. So they're basically saying you can like submit your game
from any game like brand new. It's been out for a while. You publish it already.
You can submit as part of this kind of event thing and then they'll do awards and whatnot.
So I did that for this year and eventually I'm hoping they get their retroverse set up going
because that's supposed to be like a portal where you can actually play games online. You purchase
through there and eventually they'll do like, you know, actual physical publishing of different
things. That'd be really convenient. But it's going to be a while. So, yeah, I'm still thinking
about it. I just have to. Figure out the logistics for it. All right, that's pretty much it.
Let's talk about my gaming week. So for my gaming week, I have been continuing to play Pikmin Bloom,
which had a community event on Saturday yesterday, which was kind of interesting that that game
didn't launch that long ago and it's already having a community event because that game is
a little more passive in the way that it plays. You know, the community event was kind of the
same way. It was really just, you know, get 10,000 steps within this day for a special badge. But if
you are checking the game, the flowers are kind of blooming rarer stuff. I didn't see it, but a
friend of mine got a rose to spawn, which I didn't even know roses were in the game. But I mean,
makes sense in a game that has a lot of flower stuff. So I guess that was spawning in some
circumstances and so forth. So there's a lot of neat stuff going on. And, you know, I've been
talking about Pikmin Bloom a lot and I'm like, what is it about this game that, you know, I just
keep coming back to? Is it because it is very much a set it and forget it kind of thing? And,
you know, it's a little bit of everything, but, you know, just being able to incentivize the
walking and, you know, encourage me to get more steps and, you know, get out and exercise and do
all that. This game landed really at the right time for me. Something I've talked about on
social media this past week, which I guess I should probably bring up here because not all
of you follow me on social media. I don't know why. You're certainly making a choice. No, I'm
kidding. I get it. But something I talked about in a lengthy post earlier this week is that around
Halloween, I found out I have type 2 diabetes, which is probably not a thing that you associate
with. You know, everybody thinks of Wilford Brimley, right? The old guy from the Cocoon
movie and that stuff and those commercials. So you don't always associate that, but with
being a little bit younger, I don't think I'm old. I think I'm still pretty young all things
considered. So that was kind of a shock and a shitty thing to find out. And I could sit here
and dwell on all the, why did this happen? Genetics. My grandma had it. You know, how,
you know, and all this stuff. But I just kind of have to take this news.
And with your other issues with having pancreatitis before.
Oh, sure.
I think that there's a definite link if you were having troubles with processing
fats that you're going to have trouble processing sugars.
Yeah. But it's, you know, and again, the weird part was is that, you know, again,
I've been tested just as part of like a regular blood panel pretty much every year,
except last year, because I don't think anyone was going to the doctor's office last year.
There wasn't a vaccine yet, et cetera, et cetera. So I had labs done in 2018,
completely normal. 2019, completely normal. 2020, pandemic. Now this year,
some symptoms start to show up. I get my blood to complete type 2 diabetes,
not even a pre-stage, which a lot of people kind of find out for. In two years, I went from normal
to wow. And it sucks. And there's no, you know, easy way for me to say it.
I also try to remain humble and, you know, so forth in the fact that there's a lot of people
I know with type 1 diabetes who have had it since they were very young. And, you know,
it's just something they've been dealing with their entire lives. I have had 43 years of,
you know, having it okay. So and now just, you know, this is the thing that I have to take on
and try to, I don't know if, you know, I don't know. I've heard some things that you can kind
of reverse it and kind of put it in remission. You can kind of put it to sleep for a long time.
I'm trying not to kid or fool myself. But I'm trying to definitely turn the tide the other
direction. And walking, exercise, making that a part of my routine again, because
since the pandemic happened, and here's something that's changed in the past two years,
I haven't been exercising as much. I'll go on big walks once in a while. I still do think,
but when I was working in the office, I would walk on like every break. And I haven't really
been doing that since I've been working from home. I think a lot of people have kind of changed a lot
of their lifestyle stuff. And that's what allowed those sorts of things to happen in just two years.
So my point is, as much as that news sucks, and I'm dealing with it and processing it,
and thank you. I see several of you in chat saying, I'm dealing with this too. So thank
you. And I really appreciate that. And I see you. Is this whole, okay, if I'm going to do this thing
and I'm going to take this head on, am I going to take it seriously? And I'm going to walk
and make sure I'm getting my 30 minutes of exercise every single day. Pikmin has been
hugely, at the right time, instrumental in motivating me to get out and get some steps
and cook these little Pikmin and hatch them and set them off on their missions and all that crap.
So if it seems like I'm talking about this game a lot, it's because it was exactly what I needed
at the right time, whether it's a good game or not. So I think that's a lot of that. Anyhow,
other games that I've been playing this week, I've been playing Forza Horizon 5,
because that just came out for everybody this week. Oh, get it, get it. It is magnificent.
I mean, and these games are always set up so well that in the first 10 minutes during the
introduction, it's like this fucking game, cars flying out of planes, into volcanoes,
racing down, doing jumps, whoosh, another car dropping out of a plane. Now you're, I mean,
way to show off the game in like 10 minutes. What a masterpiece of the hook, hooking people into
wanting to play more of this game. And then, you know, once you really get going and you get
settled in the game, it's really lovely that it's like this open world you can do. I mean,
has the formula changed from Forza Horizon 4? Not really. It's more of the same. But I asked you,
is that a bad thing? Because Forza Horizon 4 was a fucking marvelous game. Obviously, the biggest
change with Forza Horizon 5 is it's a new setting. It's Mexico. Lends itself wonderfully to a
varying environment and things I don't always think about when it comes to, you know, going
to visit Mexico. I wasn't thinking about volcanoes in Mexico ever. I don't associate Mexico with
that. But that was really cool. No. I associated with resorts and the beach and that's represented
too in the game. I've never been, that's never been what I've associated Mexico with. I've
always had to remind myself that they exist. So everybody has their own things, right? And what
a beautiful piece of art to put all of that diversity in Mexico on display front and center.
One thing I really caught in the opening credits of the game was that there was a partnership with
like the Mexican Tourism Board. I don't think that's the actual name of it, but that's what
it is. This game partnered with the Mexican Tourism Board and I 150% get why. Because this game
will make you want to go to Mexico. It's gorgeous. It looks great. It'll make you want to more.
It looks great. And it's just, it's more of that. And you know, the game itself, great. I don't
really know what I can say about it. Like it is a top of the line racing game, not a simulator,
more of an arcade, but there are so many types of difficulty sliders and accessibility things.
So you can make this game as easy or as hard as you want. You can make this game as easy as like,
push the accelerator and the rest of the work is done for you mostly. You know, it really depends
on what you're looking for in your game, but it's just such a nice little, I'm going to play this
game for five minutes, do one little race, and then I'm done. Or I'm going to play this game
for three hours and I'm going to do every single little event in this area and find every little
board and every little thing. I'm going to do all of this stuff. And that's what I'm going to
do in the game today. This game is magnificent. It is a must play. Forza Horizon is Microsoft's
flagship series. If you were thinking it was Halo, I'm not so sure anymore. But the nice thing is,
it's great that Microsoft is at a point where this is even a discussion because for so many
I've heard, you know, Microsoft is nothing but shooty, shooty, bang, bang, Halo,
sports types of games. There's nothing on Xbox for me. And if that is, and I've said this before,
and with the release of this game, if you are going to continue to say that in the face of
this game, I really need you to get your ass out of 2007 and look at what Microsoft is doing now
in 2021. It is much different and this game is an achievement. It is absolutely game of the year
material and I absolutely expect it to show up on the shortlist when we start talking about five
games nominated for game of the year. This game will be one of them. The only complaint I see
that people will have about this game is that it's not doing that much more that four didn't already
bring to the table. I suppose that's a valid criticism. However, if you eat a cookie and it's
really good, like this is the best fucking cookie you've ever had in your life, don't you just want
to have another cookie? Like, maybe this is, maybe I shouldn't be the one making this analogy right
now, but it's all I can think of. It's great. Anyway, let's see, TigerClodChat says,
Halo is overrated. It's all about the Forza now. I think depending on who you are, yeah,
and there'll be people that will say that, no, the Microsoft franchise is Gears. Gears is better than
Halo for the following reason, or the flagship series is, you know, Ori and the Blind Forest,
or the Ori series, which I certainly would not fault you for saying that either.
I think the interesting thing about this game is that more than anything, I was sitting here
playing this game going, this studio, and this engine, and this concept of do a little, do a lot,
do a quest over here, a quest over there. This is the new Fable studio. This studio is working
on the new Fable game. I'm very excited about that. My expectations for the new Fable game are
so fucking high right now, and I know, and I am the first one to say, don't get your expectations
out of control for games ever. Too late. No, I can't, Dark Sakura, because this game is too good.
It just sets up, you know, like Fable, like I imagine what Fable can be within this,
and it's just, I'm like, I'm so excited, and the bar is so high, and it is Playground Studio's fault
for doing that. So, anyway, Mr. Izos in chat says, never played a Forza Horizon game, but man,
watching videos and reading reviews, I'm going to get this for sure. Looks really fun. Best argument
for Game Pass right now. Incredible argument for Game Pass right now. So anyway, Forza Horizon 5,
it's great. Rob Roberts said the quote, put it on the back of the box. It's great.
Um, we have a club here at VOG Network, so if you search for the tag V-O-G, which I don't think
people could repeat tags, so I think we grabbed it. I don't know what else uses that acronym,
but okay. Maybe there's fans of that volcano and the fog that it produces, but that tag is now ours
at the Voicegeeks Network. So we do have a club, so I encourage you to look it up if you are playing
Forza Horizon 5. I'm hoping to, in the coming weeks, I don't want to promise next week,
obviously, with what I just told you and everything, I've been dealing with a lot lately,
but hopefully things will settle down in the next couple weeks, and we can look at maybe doing like
a Forza night here on the stream and, you know, play together and all that stuff. So, we'll see.
The other thing I want to point out, one other game I played this week, and Loki,
I really thought of you because this really seemed like the type of game that was up your alley.
It was on Game Pass, so it was one of those things when I was scrolling through to see what's new,
I saw this and I was like, okay, I have to check this out. It's a game called Kill It With Fire.
Have you seen this? I know what the game is, yes. I've heard of it. Okay, so you start in this
little house and then what happens, these spiders show up and you will stop at nothing to kill these
spiders, meaning you're throwing televisions at them, you're throwing game consoles at them,
you are breaking bookshelves, and then at some point you find a can of hairspray in a match and
you're setting things on fire, but with the all-important purpose of killing these little
fuckers. And what a brilliant concept for a game, because how many times has somebody said to you,
oh my god, I just saw a spider, and your response is, well, you got to burn the house down now.
Like, you know, somebody literally made a game out of that little joke, and so that's really cute.
I'm gonna be honest, it didn't play, it didn't snap as well as I, like, I was throwing the TV
at the spider many times because I just, I'm not sure if I was understanding the trick on how to
do it or what the deal is. It's much easier when I have a gun, and yes, at the end of the first level
you get a gun and you start shooting the spiders, that I get, but like, I was, until I looked up and
saw that this game was originally made for mobile devices, and so I was like, oh, you were, you were
probably, yeah, you were probably throwing the furniture, well, at least, or it came out on
mobile devices, so you're probably throwing the furniture like pokeballs, and it probably
kind of plays a little bit better in that regard on a mobile device. So that's my little-
What if you like spiders?
Then don't play this game, because you do nothing but kill them in this game, so that's it. And the
little music will come up and, you know, like, it's really funny. Like, there's a lot of the
presentation that's really well done in the game, but I just, I had, I felt it was very unforgiving
in its first level in just, like, how to play it, but at the same time, you can't lose it either.
Like, they're not poisonous spiders who, like, try to bite you or eat you or anything, so there is,
or at least not in the first level. I don't know what happens beyond that yet, but yeah, I felt,
it just took me too damn long to kind of get through that first level, because it was kind of
hard. So that's my only kind of thing there, but I love the idea as a concept for a game,
and maybe in a sequel, especially if they kind of have the consoles in mind,
maybe they'll kind of be able to make something that snaps a little more, and hopefully this game,
you know, does well for them, so. Okay, I think that's about it for my gaming week. I've talked
enough. No. Me? Talk? All right, let's get into some other gaming news. Let's get to Loki,
and starting us off with news. I was trying to think if there's any housekeeping. I don't think
we have any tonight, so we'll just get right out into some other. Okay. Never mind. It's not big.
Are you sure? Okay. Sure. All right, then let's go to Loki with our headline tonight.
Yeah, so the Steam Deck has been delayed, unfortunately, and it's thanks to the wonderful
chip shortage that we're still in in the middle of, so supply and change and whatnot. I think,
though, it's only being delayed, though, until, well, a few months. So, they're going to start
shipping to customers starting February 2022. So, if you obviously were in queue to get,
you know, a Steam Deck around that time, it's going to be pushed back even further, obviously.
So, it's about two months delay, but at least it's still coming to be expected, I suppose.
Along with that, the little indie kind of handheld play date has been delayed to 2022 because the
battery life on the first units that they put out weren't very long, and they are looking to improve
that. So, that's too bad. I hope you weren't looking for new hardware this year. I'm surprised
that the battery life on that would be pretty low because the type of screen that has on there,
it's got like one of those old e-reader screens, kind of like the e-papers type things.
I'm surprised. I don't think those are very battery draining, but I guess.
Well, it sounds like the creators were a little surprised that it couldn't get better battery
life either. So, you know, they were very transparent, you know, with all their reasons.
It's hard to read what those Playdate creators kind of put out there and not like understand
what's happening. It's a level of transparency, I bet we wish, from a lot of gaming companies.
At least they're willing to fix the mistakes and not just push it out the door.
Absolutely. Absolutely. Like, yeah, I'm sure this Stream Deck news is frustrating for a lot of
people, but then, you know, you look at this as the yin to the story we just talked about at the
top of the show, Yang, and it's like, all right, push it back because it's got to be, well, and if
literally the parts aren't there or the parts are not arriving to get them done, it's also kind of
like we literally can't make them. So what do we do? You know, that's it. So that's, you know,
it's a bummer for the folks that we're looking forward to those for the holiday or even early
2022. But maybe it'll just help them be that much better by the time they're released.
Yes, that's what we've got to tell ourselves, right? I would love to get one of the I want
to see really what the I have a few friends that pre-ordered that Playdate. I have some that did
the Stream Deck too, or sorry, Steam Deck. The Stream Deck is a different thing. I had some that
ordered the Steam Deck and I'm curious to see that. I really am. But I'm really, really curious
for this Playdate because the games on Steam Deck, I know what they're all going to be. I've played
all those games. I'm curious about what and the crank and everything that like what this Playdate
really kind of brings to the table. I'm very curious to see, you know, for an indie, you know,
again, I know it's not competing with the likes of the Nintendo Switch or anything. It is very much
an indie console. But I'm curious for that reason what it brings to the table. A lot of the indies
have brought a lot of good shit to the table. So, yeah, be interesting. All right. Moving on,
let's talk about what's going on with Dead by Daylight. So we talked a little bit, Dark Soccer
and I talked about how the public test build came out earlier this week and it featured a brand new
killer, the artist and a brand new survivor who's a CIA agent. And that talk aside, because it
doesn't matter, you know, some of you guys love it when we talk to it by daylight. Some of you are
like, fast forward, fast forward. And like, look, they're talking about that Debbie person again.
No matter where you are on the issue, this is not what you think because this isn't really about the
game itself. But it's about a problem that is recurring in the gaming scene and it's showing
up in a really nasty way this week because of the Dead by Daylight public test build. And what's
happening is that Dead by Daylight streamers are getting attacked with denial of service attacks,
sometimes known as DDoS attacks, also doxing and in some pretty extreme and shitty cases,
swatting. So let's see, some tweets and things that have gone out. A YouTuber named John Wolf
sent out a tweet getting DDoSed repeatedly on stream tonight. So that was fun. Not sure I'll
be streaming tomorrow unless I can figure out how to prevent it. I've had people DDoS the game
server I was playing on before, but this was an attack on my home network. Any advice would be
appreciated, by the way. So here's the thing is that when you play on the public test build,
as I understand it in dark soccer, you'll feel free to jump in if you have a different
understanding. But when you're playing the live game Dead by Daylight, you are connecting to a
server and then everything is happening through the server. In the public test build, you are
connecting peer to peer, which I think is what Dead by Daylight used to be in the first year or
two. And then it went to the server and now the public test build is done again, peer to peer.
And that correct. Yeah. Okay. So that means when you get match made with strangers,
you can't it doesn't show their IP, but you can find it because you're connected to them in a
peer to peer environment. A lot of people that play Dead by Daylight, more so than a lot of
other games out there, it happens a lot of other games, too. But what's unique to this situation,
you get a lot of people that put TTV in their name or YT in their name to show that they are
a Twitch streamer, because some people like to watch and go back and see what was the match from
the killer's perspective or something like that. That is a lot of fun to watch sometimes. In fact,
not to digress too much, but I just have to say two streamers that I enjoy and I know Dark Soccer,
you really love these folks, too. Losing color, went up against Puddins and his mod squad,
which included epic, which includes Flea, who sometimes is here at or high if you're out there.
But anyway. Yeah. And Flea streams, too. So a shout out for his streams. But the point is
those two got randomly not in the PTV, but I just want to tell us this and decide those two got
randomly matched against each other. And because the killer can see who the survivors are losing
color knew right away. It's Puddins. The others didn't know until, oh, God, it's a nurse. Oh,
God, it's a good nurse. They guessed, though. Yeah. Yeah. Because I was watching Puddins
when it happened. I wasn't active in chat. And I was in LC's chat. And Puddins had the
rain or they saw the rainbow flag and they were like, oh, they said, somebody check losing color
stream. Is he live? And somebody came back and said, yep, he's live. And like, Puddins put out
this off. Fuck, it's over. Like type of thing. But anyway, I tell you all that because there is a lot
of enjoyment. And you know what I did after I watched that match on Puddins and watch the
survivor and losing color cleaned house, of course, on that match, because, oh, yeah. Well,
they did. And Puddins team made the mistake. They didn't know because they don't know who the killer
is or what. They played the best. They played losing colors. Absolute favorite map. They played
the offering for that map because they had a different game plan in mind. They didn't know
it would be nurse and losing color. So when losing color saw that offering pop up, he was like a
present. Anyway, it was pretty funny. Well, and I was like, oh, my God, I know everybody in this
party. So I had the both of them open side by side. I know this because I watch and then I
went immediately back and I watched losing color. I watched on on their channel, too. And it was
really fun to watch it from both sides. That's why people put TV in their name, because there's
a lot of survivors. I know that if they find out the killer was a TV here, they go back and watch
it from the killer's perspective to see where they fucked up. And I think that's kind of neat.
And vice versa. You can do vice versa to Jamie that one time during one of your charity streams,
you like to be one three V ones and played against me. I went back and watched you play the match
because I wanted to see I got you real good with a pebble at one point. And I wanted to see what
that looked like on your end because I don't really know. So anyway, did you not hear me
say I bet this is a pebble and I went anyway? You did. You did. Anyway, that was fun. Anyway,
my point is. People put TV for that positive good reason, it helps grow their community,
but now we're seeing the bad side of this. They're forgetting to remove the TV when they
go on public test build because they're not necessarily thinking about this. This isn't
at the forefront of their mind. And now people are seeing here's your IP address and you're a
TTV or and now some people are doing a denial of service attack or, you know, multiple packets
flinging at the server and such as this YouTuber step did. However, these are VPNs and that's what
a lot of people are saying. Also, I want to mention this is very important to there is an option in
steam and I in the moment I forget where it is. Dark soccer. Maybe you know from from seeing this
there is an option in steam you can configure that says do not show my IP under any circumstance.
It will make it longer for you to get a match. But as far as I'm concerned, hearing about this,
who cares? Two times are long anyway. Take the few extra seconds. Hide your IP. That is an option
available to you in steam. I feel like and I'm not techie enough to know this. I'm going to
defer to chat on this and I'm not in our discord. We have a lot of great tech people that tweet us
and describe it. Couldn't they still packet sniff it out? Even if you're hiding your IP?
If it's clear to appear, you always have that risk. If you're like someone that's playing
in that match or whatever, you could probably sniff out the other person's IP. But if you use
a VPN, it's not going to matter. So I may argue that steam functionality may actually not be easy.
It may not be enough if they really want to get you. But I am not technical minded to really say
yes, no one way or the other. My real advice is do not put TTV or YT in your name when you're on
the test realm. That's that's my humble opinion. I don't even I don't have the option to change
my name and I don't want to do it. Yeah, same. I don't want to do it at all. And I play on Stadia,
which if you want a protected experience and not have to wait for updates and not have to
deal with some of the bullshit like steam maintenance, play on Stadia.
Now, there's more to this story. It's not just DDoS. Another streamer who I'm familiar with,
but I can't confess I've watched a lot of. Elex? Yeah, Elex. There is a lot of people that enjoy
and please absolutely. I've been reading her tweets. Yeah. If I could absolutely no disrespect
when I say I don't I just there's so many great people on Twitch and so little time to watch them
all. I am familiar with with Elex, but I'm not super familiar. But it is one of those things
where I'm like, oh, that's a friend of a friend. I know this. I know of this person. Right. You
know how that sometimes that right. You feel like two degrees separated from this. So Elex,
who does a lot of streaming and drag and I think is very well known for being a very adept Hag
player in the game, which is one of the killers. Hag is the one that draws the traps on the ground.
Elex was swatted during PTB while live and like has the receipts to prove it showed the
because I did see this make its way around, because, again, I follow people that are in
Elex's circles. I saw the retweets of like the blink security camera footage of Elex walking
out the door with their hands up. But I thought, you know, what was the really fascinating part
of this story? One of the cops recognized Elex from Dead by Daylight streaming and knew what
was happening at that moment. Yeah. So nice, but very much. Yeah. It's into the ruler. Yeah,
it doesn't. Yeah, no. And it it's just a really phenomenal like twist in the story.
But it certainly does not change. It's shitty. I'm sure it was scary and absolutely unnecessary
for Elex. And it's a horrible situation. Here's what I don't understand. And I have to ask my
tech people. I'm going to confess. I am ignorant to this. I need to understand this so that it
doesn't happen to me. So Loki help. Chatters help. How does Elex's IP getting out lead to swatting?
I didn't know you could pinpoint somebody's home address with an IP address. How did they do that?
I've done it before. I haven't swatted anybody I'm saying, but remember when Timmy, his buddy,
was doing targeted harassment at me. I found the IP address. That was a long time ago. Holy moly.
Yeah. And it was attached to his home address. How? When I replied back, this was a while ago
when it was a lot less security on the web. Okay. But to be fair, that's not where we're
at now. I appreciate the insight, but I still don't understand. How do we get there?
But I'm saying the possibility is still out there. Especially if you've got contacts,
if you have other methods of doing it, it's still out there. You can get a home address from an IP
if you're not using a VPN. Unfortunately, I don't know enough about it or how that's possible, but
Like me, I'm actually installing a VPN. Oh, yeah. And there's a lot of them out there.
So yeah. Pod Culture and Chat says you can go through the ISP, but if you're Danny Dickhead,
you can't just call Comcast and say, I need to find out who's at this IP address. They're not
going to give it to you. So I'm not understanding. I mean, clearly it's possible. Unless you say
someone from this IP address issued this threat and send that to the police.
Hmm. I don't think that would work. It would work actually.
I here's, here's, here's why I bring it up is that I wonder if Elex wasn't targeted
before this public test build stuff and kind of maybe outside of that. And it just kind of
happened to time up with that. Again, I want to make very clear. This is a disgusting thing that
happened. The swatting business needs to stop. Danny Dickhead and whoever is making these calls,
they need to be brought to justice and spanked publicly. And I, you know, I can mean that in,
you know, whatever way you want to interpret that as far as what the punishment ought to be.
But was it really cause of public test build or has, has somebody been working on doing this for
a while? Unfortunately, it doesn't either way. It's not right. It's yeah, it's still disgusting
at the end of the day, but I just, I'm not understanding how an IP address leads to within
the same evening, the cops showing up, but here's what I do want to say. And by the way, I do want
to shout out, uh, Jason, uh, over in our chat room did point out the way to do that and steam
and hide the IP address. Thank you. Steam preferences, in game tab, steam networking
set to never. If you're paranoid in a rightly minded way, you can also do friends only and
always he points out default is an option, whatever that means. So I think default is
always, yeah, that's kind of where I'm at to default. I've had my set for friends only for
a while. That's that's then again, that should be dead by daylight on steam on steam. True, true.
Yeah. You know what? Actually, you probably don't need a VPN. You're playing through stadia.
Oh, you can't do test build through stadia though. You're going to have to do exactly.
You're going to have to, okay, you can't do test. But, but I do play other things and I do play a
few things on steam still, and I play other MMOs. And so I want to have a VPN for specific purposes.
I want to have the option of using it. So I'm reading this story about the whole thing
and there's a passage in and I'm looking at this story was reported everywhere. I did a search on
Google News and this article at gamerant.com came up about this whole thing. And there's a sentence
in here I want to address. A paragraph. Tech savvy individuals who may have dealt with such cyberware
vulnerabilities before suggests a VPN which allows for encrypted private networking as a default line
of defense. Okay. Yep. It is currently unclear why dead by daylight streamers are being targeted
specifically, though it has ensued rampantly in the past week across a seemingly indiscriminate
number of streamers. So perhaps it is a security breach that has been left vulnerable through the
game itself. I'd like to address that sentence. It is currently unclear why dead by daylight
streamers are being targeted specifically. I'd like to propose an answer and it's not what you
want to hear. Dark Sakura, I bet our answers are the exact same. Why are dead by daylight streamers
being targeted? They are targeting anyone with the LGBTQIA tag or people of color or gender variant.
Because it is. Yeah, they are targeting dead by daylight streamers because dead by daylight
is extremely popular amongst all of those minority groups. That's the unfortunate truth.
So, Game Rant, I think you should update your article. No one wants to say this out loud,
but I think we have to. So, Game Rant, I think you should say it, too. This is why dead by
daylight streamers are being targeted. This is why Elex, a drag performer, was likely targeted
well before the public test build stuff. And I mean, I know it's a big elephant in the room,
right? Yep. It's a big elephant. But you're not going to get it out of the room until you
recognize that it's there and haul it out, right? And if that kill it with fire game taught us
anything, you need to find that spider, move the couch, shine a light on it, and then spray it with
fire. And that's the only way we're going to be able to do it. Spiders eat mosquitoes, Rob. They
deserve to live. They're fake spiders. I love that here we are talking about a game dead by daylight
where on a daily basis, you're in there murdering people horrifically. And you're like, but spiders.
Well, spiders. People are terrible. Spiders are awesome.
Unless they're funnel webs and then get them far away from me. They'll get one of
this. They'll have a spider as one of the killers here pretty soon. Oh, I can't wait.
Now, one other, sorry, I know I've talked a lot about this story, but it's a lot going on here.
And obviously this is a community I've spent a lot of time with. Behavior Interactive, who are
the developers of the game, it's called out that they're not really, they haven't really tweeted
about it. They haven't said anything about it. They're not really quote unquote doing anything
about this. I have to admit, like, look, there's a lot of things we could ask Behavior about and how
they run their business. What do you want them to do? What do they, the only thing that they can do
is change their PTB streaming. To change it from-
To server. They could.
Make it server instead of peer to peer. And adding it to server then means that it opens up
PTB for people on console and streaming services.
Yeah. But what otherwise do you want them to do? Do you want them to send a tweet saying,
don't swat people? Like, why should companies have to tweet out, be a decent fucking human being?
Like we don't have that same expectation for Xbox to tweet out, hey, don't be an asshole on Xbox Live.
Be less of a dick, see who plays.
And you know, I have a catchy, you know, I have a catchy catchphrase for their public campaign.
It's just, what, how about not?
I don't want to laugh because it's not a laughing matter.
So that was pretty funny.
So screw you for that joke. All right.
It's called gallows humor. It's allowed.
Yes, I get it. Laughing at funerals and all that stuff. Sometimes it's
the only thing you know how to do. I mean, sure, Behavior should probably say,
hey, warning, you might want to take these precautions when playing on the public test
build. We want to remind our audience when you play on the PTB, these things happen.
I guess I could see Behavior kind of doing that, but I think y'all that are tweeting in all caps
at them are not making your message clear. You just want, you want Behavior to say something.
What do you want them to say? Guess what? All gamers need to hear it.
All people need to hear it. Don't be a shit.
And people are also trying to bring Twitch in on this because it is predominantly streamers being
targeted. But the thing is that in this particular case, Twitch is actually fairly innocent.
I don't know how they can control their viewers necessarily. I mean, you can't,
you can't. Well, they're comparing it to the hate raids.
We, this is those solely having to do with the dead by daylight PTB.
We need and what we need, the person we need to make a statement on this
is your local Congress representative. And guess what? Most of them aren't going to give a fuck
because they're going to go, oh, that's a Gen Z thing. Well, Gen X here to tell you,
number one, we need more representation of different generations within Congress and
making these types of decisions for this reason. This is one of the many reasons why,
no matter whether you're liberal, conservative, somewhere in between,
this is why Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez was extremely possible, possible, extremely popular
when she went to Twitch and did her stream with the other representatives that she did that with
and so forth, because she was speaking a language a lot of people wish their politicians would speak.
She was addressing people in a way that, you know, there's a whole, there's many, many,
many people here on Twitch. So anyway, my point with this is we need our Congress people to
understand that this is an issue. And I do see, and it is important to say S200 Matt in chat says,
swatting is already a federal crime, yet these pieces of trash continue to do it.
They're so full of themselves that they can get away with it while they eventually get caught.
A lot of damage is already done by that time. That is why parents of minors need to be held
responsible in these circumstances. That is the federal legislation that ought to be out there,
for sure. Parents of minors who are committing these offenses need to be held responsible.
And I know that, I know politically that's not going to land with all of you and I'll just smile
and nod and say, then how do we end this? That's not the only step we need to take. The offenses
for this, you know, need to go higher. The way to track these sorts of reports needs to be higher.
I'm going to actually say that parents and children doing this should both be sent to jail.
If somebody with a four digit internet number playing dead by daylight can be tracked to their
address, why can't someone phoning in or internetting in a report? The government's
technology needs to catch the fuck up. And that's the other thing that needs to happen.
That's why the Congress people have to get involved.
They can't just call in all these fake swaths from anonymous numbers.
That's it. SG100 Matt saying our internet crime response networks are still playing catch up a
lot of the time. And that's the problem. We need to invest in that. Okay. I've talked a lot, a lot,
a lot about that. Anyhow, there's more gaming news to get into. So I'm going to kick it over
to the next story, Dark Sakura. So Quantic Dream
is a company that, well, I may not have been fans of some of their practices, but I fucking
love Detroit Become Human. I'm actually rewatching the whole good playthrough again from a PS5
recording. But there is a big rumor with quite a bit of evidence behind it, that they are working
on a Star Wars High Republic era game with the name Eclipse. They're going to call it Star Wars
Eclipse. And then it was corroborated by some pretty reliable industry insiders.
And also there is evidence that now Quantic Dream has finished their contract with Sony.
They're signing with Disney for projects, which would make it absolutely right that they do a
Star Wars game. But I mean, the theory is that it is going to be a lot more action oriented than
just the QuickTime event control every last little thing somebody does game like Heavy Rain or Beyond
Two Souls or Detroit. It's definitely going to be more of an action game. And they're also
talking about there being open world and multiplayer elements to it. But while a lot has
been peripherally corroborated, I'm still not going to be too behind it until I see more evidence.
I mean, the people on the inside, the people in the know are saying all evidence points to yes
on their Magic 8 Ball. So it's one of those rumors with a lot of fire around it right now. So yeah,
I got a text message from one of my friends super into Star Wars that was like, why didn't you tell
me about this? And I was like, I literally didn't know until today when I was looking at the notes
for this week's show. And it's still in a rumor status, really. So yeah, well, in High Republic
games, I mean, there were all of those books, you know, but I think all of the books were
rendered like alternate universe now are no longer official canon. So maybe this is going
to be part of a way that they can write what their official canon is going to be for this. I don't
know. E3 Vialant. Oh, sorry. I was just going to say, given the quality of their other titles for
the technology it was released on, I would have really high hopes for how this game turns out.
Is it all going to be about like Senate debates? Because that would be amazing.
This is an action oriented game. There's not much action in the Senate.
There's lots of action in Senate debates. That was the best part of the original trilogy.
Unless someone brings out a lightsaber and takes offense at the Senator from Tatooine. I don't
know. I have trade agreements and stuff like that. I can't wait. I'm filing this report on you.
There was a comment in chat by E3 Vialant. It wasn't about Star Wars directly, but it was
because Disney, Marvel and all that got brought up. E3 Vialant did bring up the current Guardians
of the Galaxy has a good story. Yeah. You know, I have to say I haven't played that game myself yet,
but I'm considering a few people were kind of apprehensive about that after like Avengers and
some of the other, like it turns out that that game is landing really well with a lot of people.
And I got to say, I'm interested in it in a way out and I've never seen the movies. And that's
probably why it kind of has been under my radar. But I did the ride at Disneyland finally. So at
least there's that. So I understand that part. But I'm curious about the game. I have to say,
I want to check it out. It sounds kind of up my alley. So we'll see. It's just it's $60. And I'm
like, oh, $60. And there's a Final Fantasy 14 expansion out in two weeks. It's going to take
all my time. I already paid for mine. By the way, I forgot to mention during my gaming week,
but I need to say every job, every class, max level and Final Fantasy 14 as of Wednesday or
Thursday night, I did it. We did it. We did it. So now I'm out of things to do in that game. No,
I'm I'm working on some of the mounts I still don't have. There's a lot of like grindy sorts
of things like Ishgard crafting. I'm missing one of the mounts and tanking a bunch of dungeons and
so on. So there is still that. Oh, yeah, that's true. Bobby Black Wolf reminds me I never did
finish Yakuza. Oh, yeah, that is a thing. That is a thing I should finish. And then there's going
to be more inspiration for games I should finish as we get into the next few weeks and award
season. Right, Logie? Exactly. So we have the game awards coming December 9, which is about the same
time that they have it every year. This year, they're saying that they're gonna show off 40
new games or 40 games, at least I don't know if they're all brand new. And one of the promises
because it's been brought up recently, different stories about it, but no game supporting or
selling NFTs will be featured in the presentation. Because there's been a lot of drama about
different companies supporting NFTs. And we have some more on that coming up.
Yeah, I was gonna say one of those being EA, which I trust them fully with NFTs,
there's no way they're gonna exploit that. So yeah, it's good to see that they're taking that
stance. Honestly, though, that's a really small list of games to exclude from it. But
cool. I'm excited. Are we gonna see another No Man's Sky trailer? That's what I really want to know.
Hope actually, yes, I would be super into it would be about the because the expedition that I'm I was
really trying to beat the current expedition. But I'm on like I have to get the fucking whispering
eggs. I have to get like 16 of them. And it's such a pain in the ass. And I don't I think I'm
not going to finish because I'm almost out of time. The time is up in like a week. So it is
very possible they could launch another expedition and a patch around game awards. You know,
sometimes they give it a few weeks between them. They don't do them back to back. So
they should sell some DLC, which is honest, is honestly like that with all the content
that they put in for free already. It's like, I would buy DLC in a heartbeat. I've put more
hours into that game than I think many of you realize. So I have not put enough hours in my
game. Let's see. As soon as Matt says can't imagine Forza Horizon five will be nominated
for this year's game awards. I hope you meant to say won't be nominated. I just it's got to be
there. And then as to Matt says waiting for it to run the table and get game awards 2022. And Bobby
Blackwell is pointing out that the game awards is on a Thursday night at eight o'clock Eastern. I
mentioned that in case we want to co stream. Okay, so Loki, you might remember when we brought this
up a couple weeks ago, I said, Hey, you and I should go down to LA. What do you think?
I don't know if you're still keen on that idea or what. But here's the thing.
I talked to Alan. And I said, because something about this came up. And I said, Alan,
the game awards are LA. I said, What would you think about going down there? Like we drive down
Thursday, go to the game awards, and then like just kind of fuck around in LA the rest of the
weekend. And he said, Yeah, that'd be fun. I'd be curious what the game awards like in person.
Let's go. So I need to, I need to figure out how to get tickets. I think they just sell them.
But there's a chance I'm going to go. I'm not going to confirm it until I can get that because
I have to make sure my day job commitments are taken care of because we are talking about two
days off of work. And I already missed a day this week because of the booster shot and all that
stuff. So which is, you know, if you're eligible and meet the criteria, you should consider it,
but it just it made me sick. So just plan on it. I think we might go. And that's what I really want
to do. Oh, no. Oh, Bobby says they're not selling public tickets this year. You got to be kidding
me. No, there went that idea. All right, well, we're still going to try to figure it out.
I still want to see if we can go. Of course, the one year I'm able to go, they decide they're not
going to sell tickets. Man might be, you know, I'm willing to kind of a break. It might because
of covid and all that stuff. They have to, you know, trust that probably they might be doing
vaccine checks. I'm triple vaxxed. OK, let's do this. I'll wear a mask indoors. I don't care.
All right. Anyway. All right, well, let let I I'm putting that out into the universe.
I'd like to go. My husband is supportive of this effort. Let's do it. I want to go. All right.
Anyhow, moving on, let's get to our next story. Oh, wait, I'm sorry. Is there anything else you
want to say about game awards? No, that's it. It's just basically the announcement of that.
It's coming. So I'm looking forward to it. I always it's a good presentation every year.
All right. Let's talk about this. I'm going to bring up this story, which is a huge rumor.
I've been tagged in it a lot because I talk about this game a lot on our. So I get it.
It's the rumor going around about one versus one hundred potentially coming back to the Xbox.
Of course, we all know this was a big game show. It was so cool because it was actually live. It
was originally a game show on NBC and right around it was hosted by Bob Saget. Right. Which was kind
of a funny thing, wasn't it? Wasn't it Bob Saget that hosted it? I don't know if it was. Somebody
tell me if I'm wrong on that. And anyway, so they did a version on Xbox Live at the same time. It's
basically trivia questions and it's one person answering the questions and they're going up
against one hundred people. They slowly get eliminated as they get things wrong and all
that stuff. And then you can win Microsoft points. There's an actual host and all this stuff.
So here's the thing. Now, this is coming from a podcast journalist type of thing. But this is
somebody who's been in the industry a while and a lot of people know this name, Jeff Grubb from
Giant Bomb. I think a lot of you listen to that show. And this is where this was talked about
because Altspace VR is part of like the Microsoft mixed reality and like their relaunch of teams
and all this stuff. They're looking at doing something in relation to that with one versus
one hundred. So according to him, one versus one hundred is coming back. They are definitely making
that game. And it seems like it's coming from the Altspace VR team. They're spearheading the
project and all of the avatars we saw in the Microsoft team things last week. They're going
to use those avatars and bring that stuff in. So now, of course, it's a rumor. It's a journalist
saying this on podcast. But here's here's the thing. He's putting a lot of like that. Those
words say a lot. They are definitely making that game. He's wagering a lot by saying that. So he
has some type of knowledge that something's going on. Here's the thing that could happen.
Will the game release or will it get canceled or they'll decide to shelve it for whatever other
reason? That could still happen. One hundred percent. One versus one hundred percent.
But we'll just hope that, you know, we'll hope it works out, you know, but there could be a lot of
challenges with the networking and all that stuff and so forth. So we'll see what comes of it.
But certainly my hopes are very high. I wonder if that also means that, like,
oh, it's going to be built into like a PC version. It doesn't like nothing about what he's saying
means Xbox Series X, although I think Microsoft would be fools to not have it there. So but we we
are jumping a little bit to conclusions. If you want to revive the tea leaves further or I'm
sorry, you want to read the tea leaves further. Phil Spencer, head of the Xbox,
has dropped hints before. This was during an official Fan Fest live stream October 2020.
It was going to be going against a website quiz and the trivia game did not take place.
Phil Spencer said, I just want to say when our teams are trying to do new things that we've
never done before, I want to be 100 percent behind those things. Sometimes they'll turn
out amazing. Sometimes they'll be good learning experiences for us. But for all the fans who've
been with us with this on us, we're going to make it good with you guys. We don't know exactly what
it is yet. So thanks for hanging with us during this and our little experiment. We'll learn.
Maybe we should even be building our own trivia game, like from our past, that allows people to
play a trivia game more often. Maybe that could happen. So this isn't the first time he's hinted.
He also said in 2019 specifically that one versus 100 is something that they would like to bring
back. As far as I'm concerned, all the stars are aligned. And this is in development. It's just
a matter of, like I said before, just because it's in development doesn't mean it gets released.
A lot happens between now and then. As we've seen. Bobby Blackwell in chat says,
this isn't the same as Microsoft promising you something. Microsoft isn't messing with you.
I'm going to, I'm going to actually, because you tagged me with this on Twitter and 140 characters,
280, whatever, isn't enough to really explain this. So I sassed you back with a GIF.
This is why I tagged Microsoft in the tweet. Yes, they are playing with my emotions every day since
they canceled it. They could bring that game back anytime they want to, assuming they can get the
licensing deals and all that stuff. But the concept of a large live game show, even if it's
not one versus 100 itself, and I've said this on the show before, I would like to see come back a
live show of sorts. So Microsoft continuing to not do that is what's playing with my emotions.
And yeah, I tagged him in the tweet because I wanted to show support. This shit needs to happen.
I'm sure no one cares. No one's going to read it. No one's going to see.
But I have a feeling a lot of people are tagging Microsoft right now in that,
what's going on. So, all right. Anyway, let's move on and talk about other Xbox stuff,
which I think is Dark Sakura? Yep. So some of the older 360 games
with many Bethesda titles are going to be updated for the Xbox 20th anniversary live stream.
Among those games are Fallout 3, Fallout New Vegas, Elder Scrolls IV Oblivion, Fable
Anniversary, Dead Space, Dead Space 3, Dragon Age Origins, Dragon Age 2, and Fable 3. They've all
got updates. We're just not sure what they are. And it's going to be a pretty big event.
Supposed to happen on, well, tomorrow for us, November 15th, 2021, exactly 20 years
after the launch of the Xbox starting at 10 AM Pacific time, 5 PM GMT. And there are also
some rumors about them doing an early release for Halo Infinite's free to play multiplayer.
And then a few other surprises that they have, of course, it's not a surprise if we tell you
kind of things. But apparently it does look like there has been some kind of update for
Halo Infinite store page that says the game will be released on December 8th. There you go.
All right. I'd be very curious about the classic. What else can they do for the backwards compatible
titles? Unless they went back and did some remasters. Because some of them, like Final
Fantasy 13, I've been playing on Xbox thanks to Game Pass. And it looks a lot better. The movies
obviously are that better quality and so on. The game just looks a lot better than it did when I
first played it. And so I'm curious what other stuff they might be doing to old classic games.
I'd also, you all know I'd still love to see the old DDRs be backwards compatible, but I'm sure
they're going to say music licensing is what's stopping that, even though I just want to put
my disk into this drive and have it reboot. It's whatever. Fine. Whatever. I guess because
technically you kind of have to download some of these things. It probably gets into messy legal
territory. But I'd be curious to see what else they might bring up with the classic updates.
So we'll see. All right. So back to a topic we were talking about a little bit earlier. Right,
Loki? You're muted, Loki. Sorry, kids were being loud in the background. So going back to
NFTs, as I mentioned, EA was one of the companies that was talking about getting into the NFT space.
Well, apparently Square Enix is another company that's looking to get into that
space as well, saying that NFTs have high affinity with our assets. Proof of concept
phase is over. This means is that they're going to transition to full commercial or
full commercialization stage. So they're going to try to sell it to make some money.
I don't know, most of the entities I see out there, like most of the news stories and headlines
you see, they're just talking about the scams and all the rug pulls that are out there. I just don't
know if this is really necessary unless we're talking about like we're going to allow you to
resell our digital games or something like that. With all this talk and NFT being a buzzword and
the whole investors are going to jump on anything that has the word NFT and all this, I still have
yet to understand what is the fucking point? Why would a video game use an NFT? Can somebody
explain that to me like I'm five? I understand the concept of the whole you own this thing,
like a digital receipt. Why does, why would that work in a video game? How is that different from
DLC? You bought a thing that says you own this digitally. Well, here's the thing too.
What does the NFT do to that? Kind of funny because, you know, if you look at all the,
you know, end user license agreements out there where basically anything that you do purchase
nowadays, you don't really own, you just own a license to it. And now they're like, oh, but wait,
wait, hold on. Now we want you to actually own something. It's like, well,
why can't I just own the digital game that you sold me in the first place? You know,
it's, it's really dumb, but I don't really see a point to it aside from it's a buzzword,
you know, that people are kind of looking for anything about and it just gets exposure.
And people have found ways to make money off of things that really shouldn't be probably worth
that much. Like, you know, JPEGs of small little pieces of artwork, like was it Taco Bell made
some stuff and they were selling NFTs and it sold for quite a bit of money, a lot more, I'm sure
than it was actually put into it. I just think they see money. A lot of these companies are really
centered on the money. And unfortunately, Square Enix had some issues with certain games that they
put out. Like, was it the Marvel Avengers game where, you know, they basically build the game
around monetization through, you know, XP boosts and stuff like that, even though they claim, oh,
we're going to walk it back and stuff like that. I don't know. It's just these shady practices
that they see opportunities for revenue. And that's really the only driving matter here.
I don't think they're going to use them in any sort of meaningful way.
Okay. Looking at chat, some people trying to help break it down for me because I am with SSJ 100,
Matt, trying to understand NFTs makes my brain feel like I'm 80. I just want to be left alone
in my chair so I can nap and watch Judge Wapner. Yes. Very that. That is exactly where I'm coming
from. All right. So comments, Bobby Blackwell says, because you could resell it outside of
the games company's involvement. That's why they want the NFT. Quest Buster says,
so as a devil's advocate, when a rare weapon drops from a mob in an MMO,
it can be distinctly tied to you with an NFT, giving it an additional level of value.
Okay. What I'm not understanding. I could today, if a rare weapon drops for me in a game,
if I really want to, I could go onto a forum and say, Hey, PayPal me five bucks. I'll trade you
this weapon in game. I can do that with this. This is outside of that though. So this is like,
I can literally, you know, hand you the keys to this weapon and then you can do that.
It does have like, if you want to monetize something in that way, it does have like,
that's not different. That's not what do you, that's not what I understand. I understand what
you're saying, but this actually, I think puts gaming companies in worse situations because
they've, you know, they've run a foul of different gambling laws by having loot boxes and stuff,
but then they've made the argument that are, well, you can't make any money outside of these games.
Like, you know, those FIFA, the FIFA money that you have or whatever, you can't turn that into
real money. Well, now that you now with this, you can, you could turn something into real money.
And so now they're going to run a foul of those laws again. Like I just, it's not a good idea,
but whatever they're going to do it. Bobby explaining to my people's court,
loving ass San NFTs use the blockchain. So you are anonymous. That's the difference.
PayPal is trackable. Crypto is not crypto is free from the influence of big banks.
PayPal is not, you know, if you don't want something, if you don't want a monetary
transaction to be tracked, that sounds shady to me. Why are video game companies wanting to get
into shady things or any company, any Taco Bell or anybody like, I don't know. I mean,
I guess my brain just can't understand this because I'm like, somebody, somebody,
somebody somewhere had to have built the blockchain, right? Like somebody, somebody,
like I know you say it's, it's all these computers together. Well, with NFT accounts, you can
actually, a lot of times you can follow, like, cause they'll have these profiles where they
display their NFTs and you can track it back. You know, that's why there is a blockchain. So
you can see who it is, but sometimes it may be, you know, may not know who actually owns
that account. It's just that, you know, there's an account that has this purchase or that made
that purchase. So the whole reason these video game companies want to do this is so that people
can do transactions untracked is what I'm kind of, well, and the fact, and I also understand
it is a buzzword right now. They're, they're using this word because it makes everybody's
ears perk up. When in fact, it sounds like there's a lot of us out there that are like,
stop glamorizing this. Your ears should not be perking up. You should be looking the other way
when you hear this. That's a lot of people that are saying this.
It's like, how about they focus on actually finishing a game properly instead of,
you know, getting NFTs involved? Questbuster says blockchain cash is a real thing too.
Governments are looking into digitizing their currency using the same technology. China is
already piloting a program for their own crypto. EU is looking at it and the Fed is also interested
to see what it can do. Wow. And Jason simply breaks it down. The whole reason people sell
is for money. Yeah. Everything else, anonymity, regulation, et cetera, is only incidentally extra.
The reason is thing has value to be extracted. Well, can't we, as people stand up and say,
NFT has no value. You can't, aren't we able to do that? You can. And that happens sometimes,
like people will buy into like some stupid thing because they think it's going to be worth a lot.
And then people, then they find out, Oh, I guess no one really wants to buy that. And then it's
worth nothing. It's all speculative. It's whatever you value, assign it. But people are
they're so hyped with this, like, what's the next big thing going to be? You know, it was Bitcoin
and Dogecoin and they're like, what's it going to be? And so everybody's getting like way too hyped
about every single new thing that's coming out. And that's the thing is they throw a lot of money
into it, hoping that's going to go up in value. And maybe it does, but a lot of the times it's
normally a person that creates the NFT or puts together the cryptocurrency and then they make
all the money and then leave with all the money. And then you're sitting there with something
useless. Why did they do that instead of just giving me all the money? That'd be easy.
Because they want all the money. No, I want it. It's mine.
They're not going to give it to you. Continuing on with the NFT stuff that I still don't understand.
The CEO of Discord had to backtrack a little bit. It looks like a screenshot kind of got out there.
Actually, I think he actually tweeted it out. It wasn't like a leaked or anything. He actually
tweeted it. Jason Citron, who is the founder and lead of Discord, tweeted a mock up on earlier this
week of a Discord interface showing crypto products like MetaMask, Wallet Connect and
Ethereum integrated within the Discord app. Also integrated with like YouTube, Twitch and all that
stuff. Needless to say, Discord fans threw a shit fit, I think is the technical term for it,
and it was quickly retracted, basically. So yeah, I love this. Probably nothing with a tweet,
a screenshot of that whole mock up. Although to be fair, maybe that's all it was. It was a mock up.
It was something to, you know, what if we wanted to get into this? What if we wanted to manage this
stuff? What might that look like? It may have been simply a how about this sort of thing.
But then boy, oh boy, boy, oh boy, that didn't do well. Oh, and I think there was an there was like
a survey that Discord put out that had NFT in it as well. So people connected the two together.
Anyway, in a follow up tweet, Citron said, thanks for all the perspectives. We have no current plans
to ship this internal concept. For now, we focused on protecting users from spam, scans and fraud.
Web3 has lots of good but also lots of problems we need to work through at our scale more soon.
In a statement in an interview with TechCrunch, he continued, we appreciate all the perspectives
we've been hearing in response to the internal concept you may have seen in a tweet and want
to clarify from you. We have no plans to ship it at this time. We're excited about the potential
for Web3 technology and the positive way these communities are coming together on Discord,
especially those organized around environmentally friendly creator focused projects. However,
we also recognize there are some problems we need to work through. For now, we're focused
on protecting users from spams, scans and fraud. So did it look to you again? I don't understand.
Did it look to you like Discord wanted to be like a central hub, a key ring, a place to store these
NFTs, a place to store like a wallet for your Ethereum and all this stuff? Is that what Discord
was kind of looking to be? Was kind of like what I guess PayPal does for some of that stuff?
Maybe, but that's not a really good point. I don't know if I'd trust them necessarily with
all that. Okay. Y'all just told me the whole point was to decentralize and have all this stuff off
the record. So why would I give it to Discord? Exactly. It links it to yourself. But then on top
of that, you know, they've had issues with people putting malware into like and sending out messages
to people and saying, hey, come test my game and stuff like that and exploiting their accounts.
And basically they're able to delete their accounts or have access to it. So yeah,
that's where I want all my crypto to be is in an easily exploitable account. Awesome.
NFTs will not have value until sex workers start accepting them. That is when you know something
has actual value is when the world's oldest profession will start accepting it. So until
that time, if a sex worker doesn't accept NFT in trade, they're not, they're not, they don't have
the value you think it does. That's like saying though, like, hey, I've got this fine painting
here. What can I get for that? I mean, like just because they don't accept it doesn't mean it's
not, doesn't have value. Now that said though, a lot of these don't have value. You'd be surprised
who you can take to a pawn shop. Can you take an NFT to a pawn shop? You can, you can take it,
you can take it and sell it and then you get a theorem and then you can use that to pay for
stuff. But, but yeah, it's typically people don't go, Hey, I got, I've got this JPEG of a weird
monkey. What can I get for that? Bobby says, I honestly think discord was just wanting to accept
crypto and there's, I can probably see that they wanted to link the wallet in the same way they
linked to your credit card for your nitro payments or the same way they linked to your
PayPal. Interesting. Zen monkey does point out, point out Pornhub does accept Bitcoin for
membership now. Well, that's fabulous. I definitely need to take a trip back to the olden days because
that is where I'm clearly living. So let us go to our next segment and cleanse the palette with this
little bumper here. And now it's time to travel back to a simpler time where I'll dive into the
vault and pull out a classic and tell you about it. It's time for the classic game of the week.
I think a lot of you are going to love tonight's pick. What'd you pick tonight, DarkSakura?
I picked Mega Man Battle Network, also known as Rockman.exe.
It was developed in Capcom for the Game Boy Advance. It is the first title of the Rockman.exe
or Mega Man Battle Network games. It was released in Japan as a launch game on March 21st, 2021,
and then released later in the year in North America and Europe. It also is on the Wii U
Virtual Console. And it's a game I personally didn't get too much into, but a lot of people
love it. And so I figured I would talk about it. So it takes place during the 21st century,
which we're in. And everyone, basically everyone just lives on the internet.
You have these avatars called Netnavi, and you play a kid named Lan Hikari. I guess that's what
his name is. And his Netnavi, Mega Man.exe or Rockman.exe. And so he's got to solve crimes done
by the World 3 organization, WWW. So it is a little bit of a tactical role play game
where you control Lan or the avatar. And you have some battles that go in real time. You have
special abilities called battle chips that you fight off different viruses in the cyberspace.
And it also has like the battle chips or something like these folders, like card decks
that you can use for kind of like simulating a collectible card game, something like that.
But anyway, a lot of people are really, really into it. You can also do some other stuff in the
game, like some RPG-ish stuff. Like, you know, you hang out with NPCs, you can check your email,
buy stuff, do netmissions, speak to your little avatar there. You can also power up your little
avatar guy as he goes along. I mean, when he's out of health, game over, right? The thing about
this game is it was actually conceptualized as being a horror game. It was developed by Capcom
Production Studio 2 around the success of Pokemon. And then rather than it being a standard
action game, like they had done with the 3D Mega Man Legends, they wanted to do something like
what was happening in the Pokemon game to have this adventure with it, to add a real-world
element to Mega Man, to have a way for the player to connect with another player that's connecting
with the character. And then they also marketed it along with an anime adaptation so that, I mean,
it's all about money. In the end, you know, it's buy our game, watch our show, we're going to do
all this other stuff by that too. So when it was first announced in August of 2000, there was
a demo of the game that was promoted at Nintendo Space World. It was only available on two of the
140 playable consoles. They showed it off at Tokyo Game Show the next month. And the beta of it
had you fight a Woodman.exe. And so it had some different stuff going on with it. But the game
was fairly well received. It got an 80% on game rankings, 79 out of 100 on Metacritic.
Famitsu gave it a 30 of 40, which is good for Famitsu. And they said that it was really an
original kind of game playing off of the Mega Man franchise. So there you go, Battle Network
Rockman.exe, aka Mega Man Battle Network. All right, there's your classic giveaway. You know,
I have to admit, I never really got into or really played this series, but I know a lot of people
really, really love it. So it's one of those kind of gems that I guess I just unfortunately
passed over and never got around to, but would love to someday, especially. And I see in chat,
DJ Rama S is like, oh yes, I want a reboot of this. And yeah, I think that would be a good way
for a lot of people who maybe missed it the first time to get back on board. I guess you never know,
right? Yeah, you never can tell. Rama also says the anime is so good. And I trust Rama's
opinion on the anime with his own program here. For me, I just still prefer the classic
Rockman stuff, you know? But I know a lot of people who are into it and I would be remiss
if I didn't bring it up and it did come out 10 years ago. Yep. And as much as I would say that
too, like it's all about the main lines for me, I did love Legends. You know, I was always sad they
never did a third one, you know, but that's what it is. Quest Buster brings up something we were
talking about in a prior week. Like Sega, it was great seeing Capcom breakout creative
bursts like this that no one expected. So, all right. Never say never about Legends.
They get desperate enough for content they'll make. Never say never. That's true. All right.
Let's travel around the gaming world and check out some other quick headlines starting with Loki.
Yeah. So, this is a game that I keep, I kept trying to remember the name of like,
I've talked about this before. This was on the Brave Venture Musashi demo disc, I believe. And.
Back in the day. Yeah. Way back in the day. So, it is a game called Racing Lagoon and it came out
on the original PlayStation back in 1999. And it's now getting a, it's now playable in English,
thanks to fan translations. So, it's pretty cool. It's like a racing RPG, kind of like a
drift racing RPG type thing. So. I vaguely remember hearing about something like this.
I think they just had, I don't remember if they had like a playable, like actual demo for it,
but it was, I think it may have been just a trailer, but I've ever seen that. I was like,
oh man, that looks cool. And then it just like never came out in the United States. So.
Oh, well. Neat. And then, yeah. New DDR. It's pretty exciting. So, DDR Grand Prix. This was,
the PC game that we kind of did the test for not that long ago. And it's got a bunch of new songs,
plus a bunch of older songs as well. It's going to require a subscription service to play it online.
And I think they're going to also have a controller as well, but you can play with
basically any USB controller that is offered out there. I fully anticipate playing this on my
cabinet as soon as the songs get leaked and then put on to StepMania, which will probably happen
very quickly. Clever. Especially with all the assets being able to be ripped from a PC game.
I mean, it's like, that'll be just a matter of time. It's also funny to kind of just sit back
and reflect on how far we've come. You know, in the early days of Orange Launch Radio,
we were talking about the literal Dance Dance Revolution PC game release with its infamous
downloadable characters. Mr. Spanky. That's where that whole character came from. Yes,
they literally released a character called Mr. Spanky, who just looked like, you know,
they were dressed up in bondage here. Somebody else. It was like two bondage, you know,
kings and queens that were released together in this whole thing. And now here we are talking
about DDR PC again, but it's a subscription service. It's just, it's interesting. Not that
I'm not going to get it, but, um, yeah. I'd like to, I'd like to see it, check it out.
It's just, I feel like I haven't really touched DDR in a while. I'm still waiting for that round
one to open up out here, but you know, the movie theater. Yeah. Yeah. I was just going to say,
uh, Alan, funny to out of the blue today, I saw our pal JD, um, was in town cause it turned out
the only place he could get a booster shot was up here. Long story. Oh, I missed him.
He was literally like, we took him to the thing and back to the train basically. So,
uh, for like two seconds. Yeah. Um, so, um, Oh, what was I gonna say with all that though? Um,
Oh, we got, we brought up the topic of round one cause it came up in the car
and Alan looked into it and was like, well, that movie theater opened up on Thursday and I was
like, Oh shit. Okay. So the movie theater malls open now and the round one stuff is now on the
city of Roseville's website. It just, they published a story on like Tuesday, the whole
thing, like round one coming soon. So I, I wonder, I wonder if they're going to try to
get it open by black Friday when there's going to be all that traffic through the mall. I would be
22 on there now. So we were just there last weekend.
You know, and I was, I think it'd be a while. I was thinking that probably those machines
are, but if they, if they hadn't already purchased them and had them in storage over here
before the pandemic, those machines are probably on a ship somewhere in the middle of the ocean
right now. And that's probably what's holding it back, but we'll see. Let's see. Um, Oh, that's
neat. Uh, did your MS says the first opening theme to the anime jam session podcast was from
the rock man, exe, mega man, battle network anime. That's really cool. Um, yeah. All right. Um,
dark to see you said they deleted holic. You can never delete holic. Absolutely not. Uh,
dark to see me. I played the free version of grand Prix. I'm sorely tempted to subscribe
since you get a good chunk of songs, including a 20 plus stuff. Orange ride also played this
week. Didn't subscribe, but they allowed you to play it with tickets. Yes. Pay for play,
bringing the arcade experience home, uh, being able to pay just a dollar. So neato. All right.
Yeah. All right. Uh, dark soccer, what do you have for rapid fire news?
Um, so if you have a Nintendo switch, you can watch Twitch on switch. It is in the e-shop and
for free, and you can watch your favorite streamers through the Twitch app. So cool.
I still prefer to watch on my, uh, on my computer. Yeah. It's uh, and it's also,
in my opinion, not as good as the X-Box or PlayStation experience because you can't have
chat and the video up at the same time, unless you're using a mobile phone to like have chat,
which the app actually encourages you to do. For whatever reason, it can't run those by
side by side. Bobby had an interesting ridiculous. Bobby had a thing on his show tonight where he's
like, it's tapping into the video feed directly. And just displaying that, like almost like you're
watching a YouTube or something. So I don't know. It's, it's very clearly some weird technical
limitation of the switch. Um, so, but I will say, so I list all these negatives, but the switch has
a very nice screen. I would rather watch on my switch screen than I would my mobile phone.
Cause it's a little bit bigger and it's very nice looking. Um, so there, there is that just be
prepared. You can't really see chat, uh, unless the streamer is projecting chat on top of their
image, which some do some don't. So yeah. Anyway, it's like, Oh, use the phone and this app. I mean,
I guess if you're doing it on TV or something, that's fine, but. Which is kind of what I do.
It's it's too slow to type on X-Box. Yeah. But if it's on the handheld,
like if I'm watching a handheld, it's like, well, I'm just watching my phone.
Yeah. I'm with, with Mike Daft and Pod Culture who are both echoing that the OLED probably makes
a great case. I don't even have an OLED and I think it looks good on the switch screen. So
there is that anyway, what else do you have? Um, so the publisher for, uh, call of duty, um,
had to put out a change to it because, um, there were torn pages of the Quran, uh, scattered
in the game. Some of them, uh, scattered on the ground and with blood on them,
which of course angered many Muslims, uh, because it is a sacred text and to them the literal word
of God. And they call it Islamophobic. So, um, they actually posted, uh, uh, the, from the, uh,
call of duty, Middle East, uh, account in Arabic stating that they removed the scenes from the game
apologizing for the offense caused. And of course, this is a game that came out November 5th.
I'll read the translation. The game call of duty was designed for all users, the scenes in the game,
which were offensive to Muslims were, uh, which were shown last week have now been removed.
They should not have been included in the game. We apologize profusely. We're taking all measures to
address this issue within the company in order to understand what happened and ensure it does
not happen again. It's like our sex abuse scandals. Uh, as Joe and Matt says, come on,
someone missed some common sense there. Yeah. It seems to be a thing that's missing in gaming
lately. All right. Um, I, I think they've already done their damage, so yep. All righty.
Let's travel around the world and check out some upcoming releases. I know we're in the height of
November and I think we got some big stuff this week, right? Logie. Yeah, we got, we got stuff.
That's for sure. Um, so starting things off, uh, we've got, looks like grow the song of ever tree
on PC, Nintendo switch, PlayStation four and Xbox one, uh, hex tech mayhem, a league in the
league of legends story on PC and Nintendo switch. That's a rhythm game and Sherlock
Holmes chapter one on PC, PlayStation five and Xbox series X surviving the aftermath on
Nintendo switch, the waylanders on PC, final fantasy seven, the first soldier on iOS and
Android. Uh, we've got clang two on Nintendo switch, PlayStation four, PlayStation five,
Xbox one and Xbox series X kid amnesia exhibition on PC, Mac and PlayStation five,
Microsoft flight simulator game of the year edition on PC and Xbox series X battlefield
2042 on PC, PlayStation four, PlayStation five, Xbox one and Xbox series X. And of course,
last but not least, uh, we have Pokemon, um, brilliant diamond and Shane Pearl on Nintendo
switch. And I'm just shocked that they put that in one game. It didn't try to sell it as two.
No, it's being sold as two. It's just also in a combo pack.
Oh, nevermind. All right. Uh, traveling to Japan, uh, obviously Pokemon, brilliant diamond and
shining Pearl. Uh, those two games are the big, big release in Japan on the switch this week.
There's not a lot going up against it, but there are a couple of alternative games you can check
out on the 18th. There's a game called the illmatic envelope swamp and Raiders re swag.
That is a game that's coming out on the switch. And then there's another game called knives out
game rhythm pack. And I was like, Oh, is it a rhythm game? It certainly doesn't look like it.
In fact, when I look at the box art, it kind of looks like, like it's squid game type characters.
And I'm like, how did they do that so fucking fast? But it's a, it's a Sega published title,
which is also interesting. And, uh, it's five players in a group, a hundred players in a battle.
You work with teammates to live to the end, trust your teammates and win together with guns in hand.
So it, it really sounds like, I don't know. It's, it's just interesting that that is so fast,
but okay. Um, let's see also, uh, that, that is all on the switch, but let's not leave out
PlayStation, uh, five PlayStation five has its own release of battlefield 2042 is out in Japan this
week. And, uh, that is it. Yeah. Farming simulator to look forward next week, but that is it for the
PS five. Let's go over to the UK dark soccer. On the 16th, we have surviving the aftermath
for the big three, um, angry alligator for switch on the 18th on the 19th battlefield 2042
for Xbox PlayStation, Pokemon brilliant diamond and shining Pearl double pack for switch,
including their, uh, individual releases as well, uh, Zenith for, uh, the 19th also on switch
and also distrust on switch. Um, we have disco Elysium, the final cut for Xbox and PlayStation
arc ultimate survivor edition for the same two, again, on the 19th train some world to rush hour
deluxe edition on just PlayStation. Uh, we have the eternal cylinder. Uh, we also have
our ultimate survivor edition. Didn't I just say that one? Yeah, they repeated it. Nevermind.
Oh, it looks like it's actually got a lower, um, a lower ranking, a lower age limit on it.
Maybe there's two versions. Oh, that could be. And that that's going to be it for this week.
All right. Uh, actually it reminds me, I've got to, uh, get my copy of, uh, diamond or Pearl
preloaded. I haven't decided which one I want to get. I didn't sit down and look at the differences
and try to remember. Cause I don't remember like which Pokemon are in which version. So, uh,
we'll see. All right. Anyhow, uh, we have a few more stories for you guys and then we'll see if
we have any time. Well, yeah, we should have time for at least one call. If anyone wants to call us
over at, uh, our discord server, uh, which you can continue the conversation throughout the week.
It's not just for our live calls, vog network.com. That's VOG network.com slash discord. If you want
to join and the green room is where you want to be waiting. Uh, if you'd like to call in,
but we do have a few, so it's going to be about 15, 20 minutes because we still have a few stories
to get to first. Uh, Mike deaf says I can get you the list. Yeah. I know it's on self road. I'm just
lazy. Uh, and also the knives out game I mentioned earlier, nothing to do with the movie. Yeah. I
had that same kind of like, is this the movie, but why would that be in Japan first? It's nothing
to do the movie. Okay. Um, Loki, uh, I think this is kind of funny. Yeah. So, Hey, if you have a lot
of money that you want to burn on absolute garbage, um, Gucci is going to start selling
some Xbox series X, um, controllers, I guess for $10,000. Um, or no, I'm sorry, an actual console.
So it's going to be a customized Xbox series X plus two controllers for $10,000. And they come
in map. I guess the controllers are a matte black with like a red and blue stripe on it.
Because if you want to talk about speculative value, there you go. Um,
alternatively, you could also just not do that and buy an Xbox series X normally, and then customize
your own controller through the Xbox design lab, which has now added 19 new colors and
rubberized grips. So you can actually make your own controller and it costs much less than $10,000,
only $70 and 10 more. If you want to actually add those rubberized grip,
I don't understand people that buy this stuff. I guess people that are by this stuff, you know,
$10,000 for them is just pocket change. So why not? Just, just, just drop in the bucket. Those,
those money that are making, uh, all that money scalping PS fives, we'll be able to afford the
Gucci, uh, Xbox. Yeah. Yeah. For sure. Uh, and did tiger claw brings up the same thing I thought of
honestly saying that's funny considering there's that house of Gucci that's coming out. Well,
you know, the Gucci company is, is still very much everywhere in your local mall with, uh,
uh, people lined up outside it to get in. Who does Gucci anymore? It's all Hermes.
So I'm just saying they're still, uh, Versace or as I always like to say in my best show girls
versus right. Uh, Versace, same thing. And they had that whole show about, you know,
the really unfortunate killing of, uh, uh, the, the, the guy has started that whole thing. Um,
and like Ricky Martin was in that and all that, right? The, the, it was the American crime story
or whatever. Is that it? Was that what it, the Versace that was all on TV and they made a media
spectacle out of that, uh, while this company is still running. So it's, um, but it is it tiger
claw. I have to admit, I thought like, is this like a weird ass tie in the movie, but I don't,
I don't know why it would be. I also don't need it because I think the movie has to do with like
murder and stuff that I don't know if Gucci necessarily, um, yeah, but also, um,
Crap. I was gonna, I was gonna say something else, but I know a lot of other,
the designer companies like to work with tech companies to do like, well, and Gucci also
worked with a Fiat for a Gucci edition, uh, uh, Abarth or however they're pronounced.
Um, cause I kind of wanted one. Um, and I mean, Hermes has the deal with Apple for Apple watches
and it's designers do this all the time. So
anyway. All right. Sorry. I'm, I'm, I'm texting Shane because the earlier question that came up
about, uh, Pokemon, I would just text to Shane. I said, do I get diamond or Pearl? And he just
replied with a P he just replied. I don't know if I probably, he just replied with the picture
that shows all the differences between the two. Like he didn't even, he just replied with the
picture that Mike Deft was probably about to send me. And so I'm looking at it and I'm like, okay,
I think I want diamond. So I replied to him and I said, I think I'm going to get diamond,
but I really want a Vulpix, which is in Pearl. He says, what makes diamond Pearl before?
Yeah. And he's like, what makes diamond more appealing? And I'm like, literally everything
else. I'm like, I, a lot of the trade for a Vulpix. Yeah, I can trade for a Vulpix. And I'm
like looking at the rest. I'm like, I prefer Electabuzz to Magmar. Uh, I like Scyther, uh,
versus Pincer, especially. I like that, that thing that evolves into Cranados, I think is the name.
I don't really care for the, uh, other one on the other side. Seal is cute. I can't, I,
I really don't like the Slow Bros and they're all in the other one. Uh, Miles is cute. Yeah. It's,
and Tyranitar, which is, you know, I love that whole line too. Uh, and then it has the dogs
versus the bird. Yeah. I'm like everything in diamond. I kind of like better. Um, so there
you go. I guess I'm going to get diamond. All right. Oh, that's. I'm just going to go listen
to Prince. And if you don't get it, you're a kid. Oh yeah. Yeah. All right. Moving on. Um,
let's get into the next story, which is another Twitch story, funny enough, but very different
from what we were talking about before. Uh, you know, Twitch does a lot, not just with gaming,
but there's a lot of music creation and content that's going on there. And Twitch is going to be
targeting musicians, uh, with a new program. It's called the collective and it's going to invite
selected musicians. It's an invite only collective. Uh, and from there you get more
information on how do you build communities? How do you earn money through fans on the streaming
platform? Um, this was all announced on Twitter by the head of music and V VP, uh, who is Tracy P
Chan on Twitter and, uh, talked a little more about it, how they're planning to support and
so forth. What I think is interesting about this is that they actually have, um, partners with
rolling stone and Amazon music and those types of partnerships can be huge in getting discovered.
I'm sure, especially rolling stone. Uh, so once you're a musician, you graduate from this program,
you get eligible for prioritize discovery, promotion and activations from Twitch.
So that's interesting. I'll be curious if any musician friends, I'm sure there's stuff in
there that has to be kept secret, which is why they're not really detailing what really is in
the collective. Um, so it'll be interesting to see, uh, friends that I know that are getting
involved with that, uh, and what that all entails and how that goes. But, you know, it's just
very telling of the, the digital path forward, uh, our society is taking. So, all right.
Interesting bonds, double six and chat. I'm just seeing this about the Gucci thing.
I have done internships for house of Gucci for eight months. They're all right. I got a $100
belt as a present. Love it. If I paid a hundred dollars for a fucking belt, I'd love it too.
Um, um, Alan has always told me he wants a Burberry coat and, you know, do you know how
much those fucking coats are from Burberry? That is, is I would have to, I would have to mortgage
someone's house to pay for, you know, they're, they're not cheap. It's yeah. So, or at least
I said, maybe I'll get you a scarf. That's a couple hundred dollars that I could save up
the money and get you one of those, but that's like your big Christmas present for the year.
It's a scarf. So we'll see. All right. Um, I was going to go to our next story, but it looks like,
uh, dark soccer. Oh, hi. All right. Uh, then I just went to go put my bowl in the sink.
Oh, no worries. Then why don't we go to our next story? If you're ready.
All right. So, um, I'm sure people remember that when, um, mass effect legendary edition came out,
they couldn't do the pinnacle, uh, deals, the pinnacle station DLC, because the code was,
was gone. In fact, when they got, um, the information, the, uh, the backups from a Demiurge
who, uh, did the DLC for them, it was super corrupted vital links for missing. They couldn't
do anything with it, but thanks to mods. The DLC is back. Um, it is updated, um, graphically
with difficulty adjusted extra music and sound effects and the old, uh, kind of 2009 ishness,
uh, polished out of it. Um, they actually had a blog post for how they managed to get it done.
And I'm, I'm absolutely, absolutely impressed that, that they could do it. I mean,
they, they even put in like some of their, uh, some of the coding, uh, differences, uh,
where, how they rebuilt those particular pathways to get it done. Um, I thought it was absolutely,
absolutely a labor of love and I thought it was, was pretty good. You, um, you can actually get
it from nexus mods and I will, uh, post the link in chat. Um, everyone else is just going to have
to go look for it, but there you go. You can now play pinnacle station again. Here we go again with
the modders saving the day, although, you know, again, let's DMC strike them now. The reason why
Bioware admitted it or omitted it in the first place, they didn't do it for any sort of greedy
or lazy reason. I get it. They didn't have the source code, you know, it was a different issue,
but it's, it's fascinating that again, modders just recreated it touch for touch. So there you
go. It's all for love. Yep. Sure is. All right. Moving on Loki. Yep. So, um, battlefield 2042,
which is one of the games that's coming out this week, it's having some issues with the early
access. Maybe you may remember EA has this wonderful program to where you can actually
play EA games early and you pay a premium for that. And well, it is, um, jank right now.
I've seen reviews talking about the game saying that, you know, there's all sorts of frame rate
issues depending on the maps that you're on, which is weird. Um, it just plays weird sometimes.
So they're saying that right now that even Xbox consoles are being crashed by this game,
including the series X, um, just stops working after a while and it'll reset itself.
So that's not good. Hopefully it's something that they're going to, uh, address also in
order to actually be able to play this early access, you had to get one of those bundles
as well. So it's, you know, upwards of $120 that you paid to play this game early. You paid to be
a beta tester. So enjoy. Yeah, it's unfortunate, but this is a state that a lot of these games
come out nowadays. EA is really bad at this. It's just, it's just another, they say just
add it to the list games that shouldn't have come out yet. Pre-order games. Boy. Oh boy.
All right. Well, trying to end on a positive note with a game from a smaller studio
that is about cats, how could I not end with a cat story tonight? Right. Let's make ourselves
feel better after all of these, uh, not great, you know, broken game releases. Let's talk about
Double Dagger Studio in Seattle and their upcoming game Little Kitty Big City. And it's
going to be coming out in 2022. Uh, it's consoles and PC, although they did not say which consoles.
Uh, the, uh, overview is you are a little kitty lost in the big city. Will you find your way home
or are you having too much fun along the way? Little Kitty Big City is a game where you play
a curious little kitty with a big personality on an adventure to find your way back home,
explore the city, make new friends, wear delightful hats. I always love it when that's
a selling point for a game and leave more than a little chaos in your wake. After all, isn't that
what cats can do best? And they released a trailer for it, which I'm sorry. I didn't render in time
to actually so show on stream tonight, but it just, I, it looks somewhere around like, um,
the untitled goose game a little bit, but with the cat just kind of walking around and getting
into trouble and talking to dogs and wearing hats and climbing up things and smashing pots and
doing all the things that you would expect cats to do. So I'm all about this. Uh, yeah,
Mike Deft made the same conclusion. It's goose game, but with a cat titled cat game.
I like it. Uh, Zen Monkey 11 says, yeah, I'd play the shit out of that cat game. Sounds great. Yes.
Quest Buster says cat with hat cat in the hat, I guess. All right, there you go. Little Kitty Big
City. Looking forward to that in 2022 and not much else at this point. All right, let's, let's go to
the listener round table, um, with your emails, your discord calls, uh, over at vog network.com
slash discord, uh, and any chat questions you guys have, if you have any questions for us in chat,
go ahead and put them in there. Uh, first we'll take a trip to the mailbag participate
at orange lounge, radio.com. And we'll see if we have any emails for the readings tonight,
our Sakura who is muted and frantically looking for the button. There we go.
I wasn't frantic on anything. Well, I have to fill this time with something. All right, go ahead.
Hello, LR. I just wanted to formally invite the awesome audience of LR to my DDR charity stream
next Saturday, November 21st at 1 PM Eastern. I'll be attempting to clear max 342 times with
at least 21 of those being on expert difficulty is the Ohio DDR max 300 birthday challenge.
I got through it last year, but, and I don't intend to lose this time either,
but that's not all my buddy, Dan hood, who I've been playing and practicing
with over the last few years will also be attempting the challenge along with me.
He's got to get through it 30 times, but is bursting with confidence and ready to go.
It'll be a good four hours of stomping reminiscing about the old days of DDR and ITG
and general shenanigans we were doing. We're doing this to benefit feeding America.
Hunger remains a major problem across our nation, affecting millions of Americans.
If you, if you're financially able to do so, please help us raise some money for a great cause
would really appreciate your support. And if you want to go to my event page,
I've made it really easy. You just go to tiny URL.com slash 2021 max 300. And you're there.
Thanks so much for checking us out. We'll probably be using step mania for this,
but just yesterday I learned about dance dance revolution, grand Prix, the brand new,
just released official home version for windows. And I think if I can get it set up in time,
we'll use that instead. I'm not sure if it may show role, but if not, here's a bit of info about
it. The good news is that there's finally a, uh, a new home version of DDR for all of these.
We talked about this, I think a few weeks ago, um, even better. It has the same interface tonight.
Yeah. Loki talked about it earlier, but yeah. Hmm. I could swear that we mentioned something
about this before. I'm sure we've mentioned it before. Yes. The beta test came up before,
and now it was the official release. Yeah. Okay. Even better. It has the same interface
and almost the entire song list of current arcade version minus just a few licenses and covers.
That's all 900 songs in total given take give or take, and it will work with any dance pad set up.
The bad news is that the cost and accessibility are similar to other current Konami PC releases,
meaning you need a Japanese account to get it. There are subscription fees and there are pay per
play fees on top of that, depending on what modes you want to access to summarize, you can play
without a subscription of the equivalent of 110 yen per three songs set, uh, the songs features
and options are available are roughly equivalent to what you would get if you walked up to the
arcade machine and played it without logging in, but you would lose out on the newest, uh,
unlockable songs, plus, uh, several options and features that are unavailable in the arcade,
unless you log in, such as the ability to save your scores. If you choose to subscribe for about
15 bucks a month, you get access to those features, but you still have to pay for each game on top of
that. However, fully included in a subscription is the additional unlimited play mode that gives
you access to everything in the song list up to DDR supernova two. And it doesn't cost anything
per game to play that well, apart from the subscription itself, excuse me. Um, so in other
words, yes, it costs a lot, but you can base it, but it is basically the entire arcade game and
it's a hundred percent legal. So you can stream it without repercussions and just about all of
the music in the game. What I said, wow. And just about all of the music.
Yeah. I don't know about that. I would be careful just now.
And just about all of the music in the game is fully owned by Konami. So copyright strikes
are probably unlikely to happen. So for those folks who have great setups at home and are able
to afford the steep pricing, it might be worth it to try. If you want to look in to it further,
ddrcommunity.com has excellent guides. Thanks again for the show and for Signal Boost. I hope
that you will be able to join us at 1 PM Eastern next Sunday afternoon at tinyurl slash 2021 max
300 sweaty hugs, Aaron, Y Y R sweaty hugs. I like that. Yeah. It's going to be 10 AM our time.
That'll be right around the time I'm getting up. Uh, yeah, yeah. That's probably, we'll still be
in bed, but I I'll check it out for sure. Yeah. Um, I have to make a reminder on my calendar or
I'll forget, but, um, best of luck with that. I love that. I like that you're making it a charity
event out of that. Uh, and good luck with that. So that's, that's great. I would say break a leg,
but I feel like for this, I really shouldn't actually say that. So, um, don't break a leg.
All right. Um, if that's it for emails, I will encourage folks to send more participate
at orange lounge radio.com is the place to send emails. Uh, let me check the discord room over
time. Nope. Nobody's in there yet. Uh, and then in chat, uh, just some folks commenting on the,
uh, DDR, uh, uh, grant grand PRI breakdown, uh, bonds, double six saying paywall everywhere
and orange, right. Saying grand PRI is expensive. Yeah. Um, but it is interesting. You're kind of
getting an arcade perfect version where essentially, as far as we know, pretty much legally, I mean,
we don't know what weird third parties might try to claim, but I think a lot of those songs are
done in house or, or created by Konami. So, uh, he said they, they carved out the license stuff
for the most part. So I would hope so. I just, I, I'm always worried about that stuff. Yeah,
I understand. I get it. I get it. So, but if they're going to be kind of like talking while
they're going through it too, that'll help a lot too. So, all right. Uh, Jason is suggesting,
uh, the well wish I could send is don't fall off. All right. There you go. Don't fall off while
you're with your birthday fundraiser. All right. Well, I think with that, then we'll go ahead and
wrap up another edition of OLR. I want to thank you guys for downloading our show this week or
listening to us live, however you participated with our show. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.
Appreciate you guys. Uh, please tell a friend or two about the show. Help us spread the word
because we are the show where every gamer has a voice, but we need the voices here to put out on
air. Um, so, uh, please, uh, tell a friend or two about the show. Um, spread the word,
get them here in chat, participate with the show. It would really mean the world. Um,
and, uh, if you feel so inclined, you'll notice I'm wearing a VOG branded shirt and that's available,
uh, at the shop, vognetwork.com slash shop. If you want to check that out, uh, you don't have to,
but if you feel so inclined, uh, appreciate that. Um, a nice social media tweet, a five-star review
where you found this podcast, all of it goes a long way. Thank you. Thank you. Appreciate
the support. Let's go around and get folks final thought. I should wait before I do the final
thoughts. Let me address this because I see Tiger Claw in chat says, you know, G4 TV's relaunches
this Tuesday, November 16th. I don't think on principle, we should just give that a news
headline. Like when they do something newsworthy, we'll talk about it. Um, but I'm kind of
expect, I'm going to be honest and maybe I will be proved wrong.
I just kind of expect a lot of sophomore crap. That was what G4 was at the end of its run.
And the reality is G4 has to be competitive now with Twitch and, uh, other ways that people
consume content and gamer related content in this day and age. I wish them well. I know people
that are involved. Good luck, but I, and it's, it's none of those people I'm concerned about.
It's people at the top. If there's been one, if there's been one message tonight,
executives ruin everything. There it is. All right. Anyway. Um, let's, uh, get everybody's
final, final thought. Dark soccer, your final, I appreciate you bringing up the comment though.
I just wanted to explain why we haven't really talked more about it. Um,
Oh, the G4 thing. Not, not you drag. I was sorry. The G4 thing. I appreciate you bringing it up. I
just want to address why we haven't talked more about it. I just, I don't see why we should.
All right. Dark soccer. Uh, your final thought. Um, I'll go ahead and open up on this one. Um,
I am being tested for narcolepsy, which is, uh, a test by omission. So, um, wish me luck.
Is that this week or no, cause you know, um, what I'll say, so I'll just, I'll give the details.
So the weaning off of my medication is because the medications that I'm on right now are actually
used to treat narcolepsy. They have to take me off of my antidepressants and my sleeping meds
and a couple of other things, which I may have to quit cold Turkey to get it out of my system.
I've actually started weaning myself until they give me my date. And then two weeks
before my sleep lab, I stopped taking them whether I'm weaned off or not. Um,
and then I do my sleep lab and then a week after that, I should hopefully be back on my meds and
back to okay. But I am not a very good person to be around when I am not on my meds. I am on them
for a very important reason. So, um, when that goes down, I am going to make an announcement.
I am off my meds. And if I snap at you, I'm sorry. I'm very sorry. So there you go. Blanket message.
All right. Um, all right. Uh, well have a good, I'm assuming you're streaming as usual after
the show tonight. So have a good stream. All right. Yep. Have fun. All right. Bye.
And we'll go to Loki with your final thought tonight.
Uh, my final thought is I have a lot of work to do on my episode.
Well, yeah, good luck. That'll be coming out soon. It's a really cool build. It's fun. It's
all farms. And then it's also Hermitcraft themed. I've really got to get away from that,
but it's fun. I had an idea for a pun at the beginning of the season and so I finally got
around to it. All right. Uh, and my final thought is, um, it's been a crazy last two weeks. I'm kind
of glad that I have some stuff sort of out there in the open now. Um, and I'm not just kind of
stewing on it. And, uh, thanks again, everybody for being very lovely about it. And it's nice
to know that I'm not alone. Um, the future will be bright. I have spoken it into existence.
It will happen. Uh, there is, there is nothing you can do about it. The future will be bright.
That's going to do it. Have a great, have a bright seven days and, uh, enjoy all the games coming
out. Pokemon fans, enjoy those remakes. Battlefield, whatever else you're into,
enjoy all that other good stuff that's coming out this week. Have a wonderful, wonderful time,
and we'll see you back here in seven days to do it all again as black Friday, Thanksgiving,
and the real, I mean, I know people are breaking out the Mariah Carey already,
but the real holiday season really starts getting into full swing. Have a wonderful week,
everybody. We'll see you next time here at orange lounge radio. Good night.
You've been listening to orange lounge radio. Orange lounge radio is a production of OLR
studios to join us for a live show. Tune into fog network.com Sunday nights at 6 PM Pacific,
9 PM Eastern. The views and opinions expressed in this program do not necessarily reflect those
of the staff of orange lounge radio or fog network, but you know, they were all still true.
See you next week.
Thank you.
