Outro Music
Hello, my friends out there on the internet.
Welcome back to another week of the show where every gamer has a voice.
It is Orange Lounge Radio.
We are live once again with our program for tonight, February the 9th of 2025.
I almost said February 29th, but that wouldn't be accurate, now would it?
Let's try February 9th, 2025 with episode number 1035 of our program.
My name is Rob Roberts, and I'm here with you each and every week.
with my co-hosts.
First up, the one and only DarkSakura, Jamie Summers.
Hello.
Hello, how are you doing?
Yeah, okay.
I'm having quite the overwhelming day.
Oh, I'm sorry to hear that.
I hope the show can relax you a little.
You know when you got a lot on your plate?
Mm-hmm.
and suddenly it's like it would be better if I didn't care about any of that yeah I I sort of like my brain is like shut off and going no stop thinking about things just just sit on the internet all day uh you know especially considering everything going on in the world at a very rapid pace I I think you are certainly not alone in a lot of those feelings and um
It's a lot for anybody.
But, you know, continuing to persist is to continue to resist.
So keep on keeping on best y'all can.
Now I'm just going to live in a cave.
That works too.
That works too.
Remember the OLR fort?
We need to bring back the OLR fort.
Who was that?
What was that guy's name that lived out there in the middle of nowhere and you had to drive by that fort?
It was one of DDR Angel, well, back when she was DDR Angel, Tech Angels, one of her buddies.
It's been so long, I can't remember the guy's name, but yeah.
To get to his house, you had to drive by a big fort.
And we always used to joke it would be the OLR fort.
It was one of those places with giant ass walls that like somebody just had a piece of land and, you know, had their cameras up.
It was basically like, you know, this is that we don't recognize the government in these walls like that, that type of establishment.
So I would love to have an OLR fort someday.
It'd be good.
I mean, we could just purchase an oil rig off the coast that no one uses and live on that like those other people did.
Oh, that's right.
That's right.
Or a click over Alcatraz or something.
All right.
Well, let's say hello to somebody who surely has a, you know, Apocalypse Day plan.
Say hello to Deckmaster Loki.
Hello.
Hi, Loki.
How are you?
Hello.
I don't have an apocalypse.
When's Apocalypse Day?
Who knows?
2032, the asteroid.
That's the new Apocalypse Day.
The asteroid in 2032.
I was told today was a new holiday, but only for people that are weird and have racist tendencies.
Football games?
No, no, no, no, no.
It's Golf of America Day, a holiday that literally no one will recognize because it's stupid.
No, I did not hear that that was a thing, but as I... Who do you think?
Who do you think?
The rest of the world does not recognize that stupidity?
Why do you think I've been using metrics for the last two years?
Alright.
Well, video games.
They can't take our video games yet.
They'll probably try.
But for now, we have lots of video games to talk about and things in the news.
I'm actually kind of surprised they haven't tried to come for video games yet.
But, you know, give it time.
Give them time.
And you know what?
Indie games are always going to be a thing.
Yeah.
You can't take away, you know, and the whole like once on the internet, always on the internet.
We have these things about Nintendo trying to take things down and then they're never really down.
They're down so the lawyers can't see them, but they live on torrent sites forever.
So, yeah, I mean, if you're Grand Theft Auto 6, you might be a little nervous right now.
But, you know, indie games are never going to take that away.
All right.
Let's get into, well, I guess video games were taken away for about 24 hours this weekend, right, Loki?
What happened?
Yeah, so PlayStation Network went down.
They had a major outage that lasted 24 hours.
And I don't even think it was necessarily just PlayStation Network.
It was apparently anything connected to Sony Online Services.
So multiplayer, PlayStation Store, PlayStation Network stuff.
I heard there was even like movie stuff that was affected by that as well.
Oh, weird.
I don't know.
I was trying to play No Man's Sky and I couldn't upload my discoveries to the No Man's Sky database on PlayStation which that thing kind of tends to be like I feel like that thing is held together with duct tape because it doesn't you know it's up and down a lot but like I would go into the multiplayer hub and it was empty so it was it was affecting that game for sure even though I'm pretty sure they run their own servers well I mean I we don't really know why it went down but uh
It's kind of interesting that around about the time that, you know, the PlayStation Network went down for 24 hours that they laid off a ton of people, so... Really?
Wait, so Sony laid off people this weekend?
I believe so, yeah.
Oh, I didn't hear about that.
Interesting.
It was pretty close to the time that it...
Yeah, it was... No, you're fine.
So maybe, hypothetically, somebody could have pulled the plug on their way out the door.
Maybe.
Which, I mean... Or they laid somebody off that had the job of keeping that up.
It could be one or the other, yeah.
I think about the movie Airplane with the guy holding that plug.
That's kind of, you know...
The Image I Have in My Head
that like it may have gone down for an hour or a blip here and there but this 24-hour outage was the longest it's been down since that three-week incident it was like 21 21 days 24 days it was a long time yeah so this comes from uh so allegedly uh this comes from uh Ryosuke Hana who posted on Twitter and Mastodon saying that uh most of my team was just laid off at PlayStation uh
It was a dream to get to work there on the platform.
I've grown up since the PlayStation 1 and contributed to the PlayStation 5 portal, PSVR 2, and the PS app and future consoles.
So yeah, apparently from there, we don't know how many people were laid off, but some at least, including his whole team.
Wow, that sucks, to say the least.
But I didn't even think of the idea that somebody could have.
Allegedly, it's what we have no evidence.
It's just one of those funky timing sort of things.
But it does bring that idea that, wow, with all these people getting laid off, it's a little bit surprising that more of them don't take negative action on their way out the door.
I mean, this is why companies...
You know, usually escort people at the building, whether they were, you know, really, really good spotless employees or otherwise.
But that's just very fascinating that that timing alludes to that there could be a possibility there.
And that, quite frankly and honestly, we don't see more of it happening with all of the layoffs in the gaming industry.
So, fascinating.
Yeah.
hmm I'm sure we'll hear more about that probably this week yeah I well I will we I feel like Sony I feel like Sony because what Sony's offered a consolation prize through all this right
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
So, yeah.
S2100 Matt in chat.
Because we do tape live, of course, every Sunday night at the Voice Geeks Network, twitch.tv slash VOG Network at 9 o'clock Eastern, 6 o'clock Pacific, right after the Bobby Blackwolf show.
Except Bobby Blackwolf is not on tonight.
He is enjoying Wingstop Takeout with friends at a social gathering.
So, S2100 Matt says, the internet demands over this outage are insane.
Demanding free games, etc.
Five days of PlayStation Plus seems reasonable for a one-day outage.
Yeah, I...
I think the demand of free games is maybe a little much but um you know I don't know like the games I play were not super affected so I don't know like you know if you're like a big Marvel rivals person on PlayStation and you just like could not play that game so like I could see why people are mad but they're not yeah the call for free games is a lot hmm
And yeah, I mean, SJ100 Matt is right.
Network outages happen.
We had some rainstorms here that have been moving across the country.
And, you know, you never know what weather can do and all that stuff.
Not to excuse it, but, you know, it's interesting.
And I just think Sony's going to come out and say, we're going to give you this five days.
Now sit down and shut up.
And I don't think they're – I mean, I'm trying to think if they might have a legal reason to disclose it to stockholders.
that if stockholders may grill them about it in their next shareholder meeting, that's like probably the only way I could see that the answer to why this happened comes out is if the investors demand the reasoning.
And even then, I'm not sure that really comes out in a spot for public consumption, unless of course it's leaked, which is almost certainly inevitable in this case.
Right.
I think, I mean, I think if they compensate players with five days, like
We really care why it went down for I mean, they may care more like is this going to happen again very soon but like it hardly ever goes down and for 24 hours it's like
Yeah.
It's not a huge deal.
The bigger question will be, was it a hack?
Was it any personal data at risk?
Because that was what happened all that time ago.
The data was at risk, and that's what led to the class action, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.
So that would be the big maybe in this whole picture is if –
You know, there was actually, like, data that leaked as a result.
That's a question they're going to have to ask.
And that may be as much of an answer as we get.
We have determined the cause of the downtime, and it was an unexpected situation.
No bad actors got into the system.
And that'll be it.
That'll be the explanation.
Shit happens, but your data's okay.
I don't know you shit
But I'm not sure.
Usually if there was a type of coordinated attack like that, some group is probably claiming responsibility in why they did it at this point.
Not necessarily.
It doesn't have to be.
But usually, especially for an impressive quote-unquote amount of downtime, you would think somebody would be claiming responsibility for it and why they're going to keep doing it to Sony, what they have to change.
But that part we're not really hearing.
So I don't know.
I'm not saying...
It's completely off the table, but Sony's going to have to clear that up.
Yeah, and DarkTetsuya says apparently this took out everything from Sony, not just PSN.
Yeah, Loki did refer to that a little bit.
But that is interesting that it could be like other Sony network-based services.
So would that mean things like I would assume like Crunchyroll?
Isn't that like a Sony service too and things?
I don't know if they were – maybe they ran on different – I'm not able to log into Crunchyroll stuff on my phone.
Yeah, I don't know if they use the same login for that even though it's owned by that.
All right, fair.
Maybe.
I don't know.
Alright, interesting though I mean, I've been playing Fruit Mountain, so it works
All right.
Well, yeah, bummer about the outage because I'm sure a lot of people want to play games this weekend.
But, you know, things happen.
Interesting discussion had got brought up in our Discord over at vognetwork.com slash Discord, where, of course, you can join and talk with us throughout the week.
And some folks were talking about this.
And some people had highlighted a social media post from GameStop.
So GameStop had actually done a quote post and said –
Don't you wish you had physical games now?
Something to that effect was the post, because GameStop's trying to needle the fact that I guess they got done in by a lot of the shift that we've had to digital games.
But then, of course, there was the dunk on the dunk, which...
So, hmm.
SSJ100 Matt in chat says, in terms of the layoffs and doing something on your way out the door, it's best not to burn the bridge you're standing on.
You pull the plug, leak info, etc.
You run the risk of never getting a gig in that industry or anything related unless that's your goal.
Yeah, I mean, you bring up a good point, but I think you also get to where I'm thinking with the second half of that.
And like, I know a lot of people that love the games industry.
They love being in it.
They realize it can be a roller coaster, but at the end of the day, they just like, they love video games and they put up with all this BS to be making games.
But I know other people in the industry that...
Kind of want to get out of it, you know, because of all this like living on the edge and the uncertainty and you get to a point where you're like, I need some stability.
And there are some people I think that are looking for, you know –
Other types of jobs that utilize those similar, you know, coding, artistic, you know, project, all the stuff that goes into making a game, all those types of skills.
Yeah, a student on Matt in chat says, gig income is rough.
So I think there may be some people that, especially in light of the fact that we have had so many layoffs,
in the last year and the industry is getting so competitive.
There may be, I would actually go so far as to say there's certainly a non-zero amount of employees that when they're getting laid off are going to go, you know what?
Fuck video games.
Fuck it.
I'm out.
And so, yeah, I think although, yeah, what you're saying is true.
People don't want to burn bridges.
I think there are definitely people in the gaming industry that are like, may the bridges I burn light my way out the door.
and that's how it goes.
Anyway, let's talk a little bit about our gaming week and the types of things that we have been playing this week on PlayStation or otherwise.
DarkSakura, we'll start with you, of course.
How was your gaming week?
I played some Dragon Age.
I played some DBD.
I played Fruit Mountain.
That's about it.
I'm still recovering on my leg.
And I've been working a lot in my office.
So I'm actually off doing a lot of activity for another two weeks on my leg.
So I've just been trying to focus on more IRL stuff, I guess.
If I can get done well.
I just was going to say, I did see a little bit of your Dragon Age stream the other night.
Oh, cool.
Basically me yelling at the other people in the game.
Pretty much.
Yeah, but I mean, I'm on my third playthrough.
I started my third playthrough.
I just finished my second one on Friday.
Nice.
I'm moving on to playing a Grey Warden.
Hmm.
When you talk about talking back to the game, it makes me think about how some of the comments as people are like, is Dragon Age sort of finished?
There was that random... I don't want to say random comment, but there was the comment from one of the people that worked on the game that was like, well, it belongs to fans, basically.
The Dragon Age will never die because of the fans type of thing.
And I don't know, when you talk about making your own canon with yelling back at the characters, it just kind of makes me think of that.
I don't know.
I guess my point is...
I just yell back at the characters because they do stupid things.
Not like making my own universe or anything.
I'm just yelling at people because they do stupid stuff and they frustrate me.
Well, maybe there needs to be a character that yells at them.
That's literally it.
Alright.
Maybe it's my own
I don't know I just it's like what are you doing people like why do you make the most stupid decision possible when you know it's gonna fuck up shit for me and my character like knock it off that's kind of how I feel yeah all right well we'll go to Loki how was you gonna feel that way about real life too I was gonna say it hits a little close to home uh Loki how was your good week
It was pretty much all Minecraft again.
Just getting ready for the server stuff for this weekend.
Getting the World Tour server up and a lot of server admin stuff, essentially.
Which went well.
We had some streamers come in yesterday and stream from the server and kind of showcase that to their fans.
So that was nice.
And then today we've been holding public...
It's been open to the public, essentially.
I've been just kind of touring around with people, helping them out with things.
That's what I've been working on all week.
And just getting ready for the launch of the next season, which is going to start this Saturday.
So that'll be a lot of fun.
We'll be starting Season 4, Brand New World.
I've already started my starter base.
It looks awesome.
So yeah, looking forward to kicking that off.
if OLR listeners want to check out that Minecraft stuff that you made public especially because you know the water ride was obviously a huge part of that we talked about that on a prior show if OLR listeners want to get in on that and go play and check that out I would hope they've seen the video at this point but how can they actually go in there and play it for themselves
Yeah, pretty much the easiest way would be to go to my YouTube channel, so LokiOLR on YouTube, and go there and check out either the community posts or really any of my videos.
I mean, recently from Channel 64, there'll be a link in there to the Channel 64 community Discord.
And you go in there, just essentially join that Discord, and you'll see basically a thread about the event server and what you need to log into it, the Minecraft instance you need, and the mods and resource pack.
So it has all that information as well as the IP.
So it's going to be open for like a few weeks.
Nice.
Go check it out.
It's a lot of fun.
Everybody that has seen the park and everything so far has been blown away.
They cannot believe the stuff that they're seeing.
Highly recommend it.
Good for you.
A lot of effort went into that.
There's a reason we come here on your gaming weeks and 95% of the time you're saying it is Minecraft because you put a lot of work into it.
Yes, and the other 5% is Bellaltro.
Perfect.
On both PC and phone, mostly phone, but yeah, it's Bellatro is a good time killer and is entertaining.
Awesome.
I want to try modded Bellatro.
That gets really crazy.
Oh, that's a thing.
What am I saying?
I'm literally saying that's a thing.
Of course it's a thing.
Of course it's just I hadn't heard of what the modders... Let me rephrase.
I hadn't heard of what the modders are doing to Bellatro.
They've done some interesting things.
So they've got like, I don't even know if it's like a specific mod or what, but there's one that like introduces like almost...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
It gets kind of crazy.
Okay, neat.
There was a good video, I think RT Gaming had done a video on it because he's been playing a lot of Bellatro and it just looked insane.
It's just ridiculous.
Nice, alright.
Let's see, my gaming week.
Honestly, probably 95% of my gaming week this week was No Man's Sky.
I did a stream on Monday to get in on some of the Twitch drops because I missed most of that being out when I was out of town last weekend.
So I did a stream on Monday to try to like, you know, collect some of the Twitch stuff that was available that day and, you know, just kind of, you know, play a little No Man's Sky with the viewers and stuff.
And after that, I kind of found like I was really drawn to go back to my save.
I started on PlayStation and
This is important because most of my No Man's Sky play until now has been on the Xbox system, whether that's literally on an Xbox Series X, which is where I played it most of the pandemic, or on Windows environment, which is where I usually stream it from.
But this was notable because I said, you know what, I want to play on PlayStation because I want to get a platinum trophy.
I know it's silly, but it gives me a goal.
It gives me something to work towards.
and I have just kind of fallen into it all over again because most of the play I've been doing in No Man's Sky over the last few years were when they do these limited time expeditions and I focus on the expeditions and once I'm done, I'm done.
I haven't really focused on like the main storyline in a while and they've added a lot to it with all these different patches.
I actually feel like as I'm playing the game now, I'm not experiencing as much of the world's part two
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
But I'm really enjoying it.
I mean, the thing is, of course, and this is what No Man's Sky is infamous for, you think you're going down the main story and then it's like three branches open up here.
And then you get a pass that opens up a whole other branch over here.
I mean, it is just ADHD unhinged in that game.
And you can do all these different things, but that's okay.
Space is limitless.
And I think once you just kind of let go of like, a game like this doesn't really end.
Then it doesn't really matter which order you take all these, you know, different quests and things like that.
And you just kind of work on things a little bit at a time.
But I'm working on my Platinum.
I think I have three of the golds I need.
I think I have the golds for Aliens, Talk To, Words Learned, and...
Oh, credits, units that I've gotten, but I still have to get like walking, survival on planets, scanning all the animals on planets.
There's still a few more I have to get, but I think I'll be able to get the platinum in that before too long.
Other than that, I've been playing a little bit of Diablo 4, of course, because there's a Lunar New Year event going on with some limited time cosmetics and things like that.
So I want to earn a few of those rewards, but most of the week I've been distracted with No Man's Sky and I've been having a good time.
so yeah I except I think I need a new PlayStation 5 controller I've had this one for a while and now some of the vibrating feels really weird in the controller like the and the buttons aren't like doing the force feedback I think the way it's supposed to I think I might need a new PS5 controller which sucks because those things are expensive but I guess it has been like five years so it's just annoying
Alright, and some of the chatters in our chat at twitch.tv slash VOG Network are talking about Community Day and Pokemon Go.
Yeah, I went out and did that for about an hour.
I didn't do that the whole time, but I went for an hour and just caught mostly Bluetooth.
And I'm with you guys.
It wasn't very giving on the Shinies today.
I got three of those Carablast, the little blue bug guys, who I actually really like.
I like the Carablast.
And then I got one of the Shell thing, the Shellmet.
I only got one.
So I was like, all right.
I guess it's just a little stingy today, that's all.
But luckily, the amount of care I have on Pokemon Go these days is extremely minimal.
It's something I do on my walks to make me feel just a little bit of a reward, a little bit of a shiny, literally in this case.
But otherwise, eh.
All right, let's move on.
We got some news to get into as we travel around the gaming world this week.
I know a lot of people are distracted by games on television, but there's still a lot of video game news going on.
So let's get into it.
Loki, what do you have for us?
Exactly, and the best thing to do between now and when we actually get the news is speculate on the news.
Make it up for clicks, Loki.
Make it up for engagement.
Give you our guesses as to what we think is going to happen.
That's right.
You won't believe guest number three.
Some experts have called us insane for number four.
Experts have predicted.
So experts are predicting, or some experts, let's not lump in all the experts into this, okay?
That's right, not all experts.
Experts are predicting that the Nintendo Switch 2...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Thank you for watching!
is currently rising and the exchange rate in the environment has changed significantly since the launch of the Nintendo Switch in 2017.
You don't say!
And this is from the president, Shintaro Furukawa of Nintendo.
And this was during their...
Investor Call says also we need to consider affordable prices our customers from Nintendo products when considering price of our products we believe that's necessary to consider these factors from multiple angles so essentially you know hey we are very conscientious of the cost of our console to which I say $3.99 doesn't seem like that's out of the realm of possibility plausible
plausible yeah uh but yes apparently uh there's this analyst Reyes Elliott that says at least it's not the other one there's that other analyst every every goddamn time there's a prediction it's from him like every goddamn time it's that analyst we don't I don't hear about him anymore I welcome our new our I well what's this guy's name again
So IGN has interviewed several industry analysts.
Apparently there's a sweet spot.
Wait, who is it?
What's the person's name?
Rise Elliot.
Rise Elliot.
Welcome to the gaming analyst community.
Good luck and don't fuck it up.
and Ampere Analysis, Pierce Harding roles.
He basically said that early adopters will be price sensitive and price can always be lowered.
Of course, people will want it to be lower than whatever it is announced at.
Wow.
So glad that you're industry experts.
I'm like, that's not exactly a bold prediction because I'm sitting there going, yeah.
Yeah.
These people get paid money for their predictions.
Yeah, the TLDR is... Most of the modern consoles nowadays are coming out at $499, and Nintendo's hardware probably won't be as powerful as those, so it'll probably be $399, because that makes sense.
Obviously, it's not going to be $299, because that's too inexpensive for what they're going to put in the box, so it makes sense that it's $399, because that is...
about, you know, a generation or so behind, and that's kind of where they're at price point-wise.
All of this, though, said, like... Like, you don't need to hire an analyst for this kind of stuff.
Like, honestly.
It's just... Yes, the price point will be somewhere.
It will probably be affordable and not too expensive as to drive off customers.
Yes.
Yes, sir.
That's exactly what it would be, because that's how we price things.
Right.
DarkTetsuya in chat says more armchair analysts go figure well that's because most of the people investing money in video games don't play video games this is an analyst that gets paid by industry like that
Yeah, Dr. Sia says, I do like Rob's prediction on 479 and comes with Mario Kart.
I'd be okay with that one.
Well, thank you.
Do remember, though, that was only my prediction for how might the tariffs fuck this all up if that actually becomes a thing, which for China it is.
I don't even know anymore.
This guy makes so fucking many threats and stuff.
I can't even remember which ones are which, but I do believe the China ones did go into effect earlier.
Um, and so, yeah, I mean, we, we, it'll depend again on how many of those parts did Nintendo already get before assembling them.
And if they buy them into, I, I, I'm going to be honest, I really don't know how this works.
If they get them from China, but then build them in another country and then bring them in from that country to here that isn't subject to tariffs, does it get tariffed?
I don't, I don't really know.
Um, so, yeah.
We'll see.
So I am putting that footnote that I don't think they will bundle it with a game unless they need to to keep the costs down because of these short-sighted tariff things and oops, I fucked the economy, that whole thing.
Anything else on Switch 2?
Yes, we have, of course, more things other than just speculating on what the cost is going to be.
Also, Nintendo is doing what they can to stop scalpers.
We kind of heard this before, that they're going to be doing something, but we haven't really heard what exactly that would be.
So we will take all possible measures on the experience we have accumulated to date.
regarding scalpers and the like well I mean the only thing they have to do is make enough consoles period and that's not gonna scalpers won't be an issue the other option too along with that is you know maybe doing some pre-orders through Nintendo online which they've done for like things that you wouldn't think would necessarily be part of that like Alarmo so maybe they do something like that I don't know but that's kind of all
They've really said so far.
Well, I do.
I'm actually going to give them the benefit of the doubt.
I understand why they don't want to say more, because they don't want the scalpers to know what they're going to do.
If you say it's going to work like this, then that gives the scalpers X many months to figure out how to fuck with the system.
But I would assume...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
But I don't think you'll see the level of like people at Costco fighting over pallets full of Pokemon cards that they want to go flip on eBay type of thing.
I don't think it's going to be that lawless when it comes to at least – I think that's what Nintendo is aiming for because we've seen that how many times like with the NES Classic and that shit when that was all released.
That was a thing.
So I can see why they –
might want to do the pre-order again.
That's what Sony did for PlayStation 5 for a while, right?
Because they were trying to combat scalping with limited success.
I think...
PlayStation 5s were just impossible to get a hold of scalping or not they just weren't making enough of them but that that goes into you know COVID related issues and all that true that's yeah I'm not like yeah do I fault PlayStation for the shortage a little bit but I also understand there was a world event that happened that's really Sony could not have planned for and you know it's also during the time when they had all those chip shortages and all that stuff too yeah so there was a lot of that yeah um
The last thing too, kind of feeding into some of the speculation that's already occurred regarding the initial launch trailer of the Switch 2 which made it seem like the new Joy-Cons would be able to be used in some sort of fashion like a mouse on their side and rolling on a surface
And apparently there is now a patent that Nintendo has registered that does kind of allude to that functionality.
So it is possible that that is going to be how they're going to be used, or at least one way they could be used.
It says this input device comprises of the front surface, the upper surface, and the first side surface.
and it says along that the sensor for the mouse operation detects the reflected light from the detected surface and the light changing by moving the detected so it's an optical mouse essentially it operates like an optical mouse on the side of the controller and you can move it around though I say that like
What kind of surface are we talking about moving around on?
Because if you're playing it, maybe on a table or something, but I know if I'm playing on the couch, that's not going to be comfortable.
Yeah, no, unless you have a book or something.
Yeah, we'll have to see.
It's neat that the option's there, I guess.
Were you going to say something, Jamie?
Oh, okay.
I was thinking, I'm not the first to say this, but I definitely don't want to be the last.
If we're going to have mouse functionality on the new Nintendo Switch, then are we getting a new Mario Paint, finally?
At least we better fucking get Mario Paint on Nintendo Switch Online.
And then there was like one other mouse game.
I think it was one, was it...
or maybe, did Lemmings use the mouse as well?
It might have.
I think there was a King Arthur related game that used the mouse as well.
There was some other game that I think was like a Lemmings was popular so we made this as well type of thing.
I...
Why not just make Mario Music Maker?
I love it.
I love it.
Yeah.
Deft in chat says Mario Maker 3, but now you can create your own assets.
I love it.
Oh my God.
That would open the door to like a Super Mario Maker 3 where this time you can paint the bricks and the assets in the game and then make your own level music.
That would be incredible.
Except, you know, the time to penis on a game like that?
Oh, wow.
Yeah.
Nintendo, and what I mean by that of course is how long before somebody makes a level, the big bag of dicks level, where everything is a dick.
Mario's a dick, the bricks are dicks, everything's a dick.
That would come out in less than a minute.
Less than a minute.
Always have to be dicks.
Can't it be like a twat or something?
It could be, but you and I both know that these silly people, they're going to draw big dicks first.
That's what they always do.
But they can't, of course.
Where are the levels with the hairy clams?
After the dicks comes the twats and the boobs and the butts.
No, no, no.
Twats first.
Well, what do you think about that?
I can't say.
Okay.
Alright.
Hi, Rob.
Hi.
Orange, right in chat.
Okay, I'm sorry.
Sorry.
This is the first time I've stopped reading a comment to read somebody else's comment.
I'll go back, though.
PogCulture in chat says, Mario Peen.
Exactly.
Exactly.
Mario Peent.
Orange, right?
The comment I was going to read says Magic Pen Gel Reboot?
Imagine Nintendo just fucking swiping the Magic Pen Gel concept and making their own game.
Amazing.
My platform is here.
Dicks are not default.
Oh, SSJ100Matt with some facts, courtesy of Wikipedia Games that ran on the Super Nintendo Mouse Holy fuck, there were like 30 games that ran on this Oh, a bunch of them were Japan only We disturb our explicitness with facts Oh my god, how dare you?
How dare you?
This is a video game podcast Where did you think facts were going to be allowed, SSJ100Matt?
How dare you?
Facts
You show me any video game podcast where facts matter.
Show me a YouTube channel where the facts are relevant.
Okay, wow, I did not know.
So there was a port of Civilization on the Super Nintendo.
That I knew, but it used the mouse.
That I didn't know because I played it on an actual PC.
Revolution X. With ActRaiser?
No, not with Actraiser.
Revolution X, use the mouse.
And Terminator 2.
Wow.
Arcade game.
I'll be damned.
Let's see.
SimAnt.
See, I forget most of these games were even on the Super Nintendo because I always think of them as PC games.
SimAnt.
Vegas Stakes, use the mouse?
What?
Wow, alright.
Well, shit.
Alright, well, damn, shut me up here.
I think there were like three games that used the mouse.
But a lot of those were Japan and PAL region games.
So when you take those out, it's down to like maybe 20.
So 3, 20, what's the difference?
What's even crazier now is the homebrew scene, especially even on the Nintendo side.
I've seen creators have an adapter for the Nintendo mouse to make it work on the NES with games.
And there's one that's like a
It's like a... I don't... It's sort of like a Myst-type game or something like that.
I don't know what you would necessarily... Not a hidden image, but it's like a puzzle game where you navigate around the screen using the mouse and stuff.
Go to different rooms.
Now that I'm sitting here thinking about it, though, I will say what this list has made me think of is I'm looking there at all these PC games that I kind of forgot existed on Super Nintendo that supported the mouse, like The Civilization, The Sim Ant, and those sorts of things.
And it does make me think of, hear me out here, the great debate about controller versus keyboard and mouse.
So hypothetically, hypothetically, let's say that Microsoft is going to release Halo Master Chief Collection on the Switch 2.
Could you not, with this thing, have something that's kind of like a controller and keyboard mouse hybrid?
That's exactly what they show.
Meaning your left hand is... Okay, so that is what they're going for.
Interesting.
They have it in the picture.
That's exactly what they're showing.
It's like one hand would be holding the throwback to the Nunchuck, or in this case, the left Joy-Con, and then the other one would be...
so then it just clicked for me it's these it's these shooter games we usually think of as you know keyboard mouse and like your overwatches would be a huge one or marvel rivals whatever the fuck you're playing you know though it's those types of games too where it's like oh i don't play those on uh switch because i don't like to play games with controller well now you have a choice and that's something that playstation and xbox even don't have
That would be very interesting.
S2100Matt says, Oh yeah, that's a safe bet, S2100Matt.
I would say a lot of these games that are still ongoing are hugely safe bets for the Switch 2.
But as we all know, these games that are already a year old can't carry the Switch 2 forever.
I mean, things like Diablo 4, No Man's Sky is out on everything, right?
It'll be out on Switch 2.
Overwatch 2, Marvel Rivals, Genshin Impact, all those types of games...
Fortnite, Roblox they'll all be out on Switch dead by daylight even though that's not really a well I guess it could be a I guess that could be a very interesting game with this sort of setup the keyboard mouse controller hybrid so yeah I think all of those games absolutely happen on the Switch too absolutely it's just a matter of how fast so yeah
Yeah.
Yeah, Mike Def says, remember when Genshin Impact got announced for the Switch and never came out?
I actually did not realize it never came out.
I just assumed it was on the Switch.
Well, maybe it has something to do with the power of the Switch.
Maybe it will be less of an issue on Switch 2.
I would assume there will be a few games like that that never quite made it to Switch, but hit that PlayStation 4, Xbox One level that we will see on Switch 2 because just having the additional oomph behind it.
We'll see.
Civilization 7 is a big game that's scheduled to come out this week, but a lot of people are already getting their hands on it.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
I understand, it's confusing.
So anyway, but some of the fan reaction, not great.
You know, and this is the other problem with early access, is that when these reviews come in from fans, with all the problems, it can affect the release.
No, I mean, let's look at it this way.
If you're greedy enough to offer these early access things for cost...
Maybe you should make sure that your game is up to snuff when it comes out.
It's only hurting yourself because of your bad decisions.
It's even giving me pause, and I love Civ, but I'm sitting here going, hmm.
Is this a situation where we're only listening to the negative and not looking for any positive?
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Bad Navigation, how a lot of information is conveyed in the game.
And some of the numerical counters look really basic as fuck and all this, like it looks just kind of like half-baked and stuff.
And maybe it's just, it seems very messy.
So of course, Reddit has now compiled a bunch of things that people are bitching about, meaning city icons blocking unit icons, menus full of empty space.
that's because they know there's DLC later they're gonna fill in that space with which is a whole other issue um
People just saying the UI in Civ 6 is better.
Now, but to DarkSakura's point, when you go to Metacritic and some of the more people that get paid to do reviews or whatever you want to call it, I believe the score last I looked on Metacritic was 81, which is not a particularly bad score.
It's not an oh my god kind of score, but it's definitely not a bad score.
That's a green light.
I don't
8 out of 10 games
Civilization comes with DLC later down the turnpike and I will admit it's giving me pause for do I need to get this game right now or should I just wait for the inevitable in three years there'll be the game of the year edition that has all the DLC built into it
What's the time to mod?
Mod is going to mod.
Now, do remember this game exists on PlayStation and Xbox as well, and almost certainly Switch too, where it's going to be a lot harder for the modding to happen.
But yes, if you're a PC gamer for Civ, of course, modders are going to fix this.
It's just this game hasn't even released yet, and I'm sure the modders are on it.
Give it a little time.
So...
Yeah.
I know it's going to happen, though.
Of course it is.
Of course it is.
SSJ100Matt in chat says, the Civ community memes have been funny.
Part of me wants to see what they do after the first big update.
Then maybe I'll wait until the summer.
Bonds006 in chat says, oh, looking at Steam Deck.
I thought you were talking about Civ.
Actually, talking about other topics.
But I have heard some people have said Civ 7 seems to run pretty good on the Steam Deck.
Which, I mean, it's supposed to be also working on current consoles, which, you know, the Steam Deck.
I'm not too surprised to hear that, that it works pretty well on the Steam Deck and probably makes a good case for that.
But again, if the UI has itty-bitty numbers trying to convey some information, that probably doesn't read very well on a Steam Deck.
So I don't know.
I don't know where I stand on Civ.
I kind of went from like, oh, day one purchase, I have to buy it because it's Civ, to like, eh.
Let me see what more of my friends have to say on this.
We'll see.
I mean, you could also see if any early access people that you know would just let you play.
That's a good point, too.
And then you could try it before you buy.
Yeah, I make a lot of decisions with Twitch, too, just watching people that I know play games where it's not filtered.
It's like the real game.
Admittedly, I haven't had a lot of time this weekend to watch Civ streams, but I will probably do that, if not this evening, a little bit tomorrow, and just kind of see where people are at with it and what...
What they're thinking about it.
I would hate to see a Civ game flop, but at the same time, if the business of video games is ruining the video game, then maybe it needs to.
And when I hear about empty space in menus that seems almost certain for DLC and things that are rushed and all this stuff, then I don't know.
The good news is Civilization 1, which is still my favorite.
I don't care if it's old.
Civ 1 is still my favorite.
They can't take that away.
That game's never going to go away.
So, there you go.
Well, I don't know.
I just, I don't care to support something, though, that is knowingly released incomplete.
Yeah, oh, for sure.
I get it.
I get it.
But we're forced into it time after time.
And then people are like, why are video games underperforming?
Siv-Rev Siv-Rev
SivSav is getting a VR port pretty soon.
It is going to be exclusive to the Meta headsets, but Meta 2K and Firaxis Games did announce that this game will be available on the MetaQuest 3 and 3S this spring, and you will be able to freely switch between virtual and mixed reality as you want to.
In a quote,
In virtual reality, players are transported to an ornate museum as they look out onto a vista personalized to their leader.
In mixed reality, the command table adapts to its placement in a player's physical space.
Detailed dioramas can be viewed in the archives, a room in your museum dedicated to your gameplay achievements displayed in both virtual and mixed reality.
I don't see what any of that has to do with the game, but it's the ooh pretty, which I guess works for VR a lot of the time.
So...
Anyway, Civ 7, of course, comes out for everybody on February 11th.
We do not know the exact release date or price of the meta version of the game, but you can wish list it on the store if you want right now, because of course they're going to take your money the day after the press release comes out.
I am curious about, and I see folks in chat saying, I do want to try it.
I'm curious to see it in action.
I'm curious, like I am no fan of meta right now, but from the concept of,
justify VR and gaming outside of Beat Saber from that perspective I'm curious what they come up with but I don't see myself running out and buying a meta quest I can confidently say I do not see that in my future I am never giving meta any money
I don't see why I would either.
I hope that Valve doesn't walk away from the five, that maybe there's another one of those in the future, but again, there's just not a lot.
Maybe we'll see a Vision Pro release.
There's not a lot happening in the gaming space.
I mean, there's a lot more...
headset developers or hardware manufacturers other than Meta and Valve when it comes to that stuff so I wouldn't worry that there's not going to be any headsets out there there's like there's a lot from a lot of companies we don't even hear about all the time but
once again modders to the rescue anything exclusive to meta they'll open it up to everything else if there's one thing the modding, hacking, cracking and all those communities they do not like it's that exclusive shit so they'll crack it to run on other platforms it may not run well because the Vive is a few years old at this point but you know these other headset companies that Loki's talking about perhaps
Alright, moving on.
DarkSakura with an interesting reminder on something I think a lot of people forgot about, quite frankly.
Yeah, the SAG AfterStrike is, you know, still ongoing.
Don't forget about our voice actors.
So, Destiny 2 Heresy, of course, has already launched and instead of...
Having, you know, like scab voices, I guess, or anything like that, they've just left those voice sections blank for certain lines and are making up for it with subtitles that are enabled by default so that when you come to a scene, you're not missing on the narrative.
It's just not voiced.
so um and you can uh as they're saying you can alter size color background uh show speaker's name and do a lot more um to make it easier to understand um you know mostly for uh visual accessibility and they have a bunch of other accessibility uh features in there but this was the big one in in uh
uh regards to the strike um the exception being those who signed uh agreements with SAG-AFTRA um that enabled them to continue work yeah which uh Bungie I believe what beat with their partnership with Sony and everything um would not not have an exception so um
and Activision though did confirm it recast characters for Black Ops 6 after the strike.
Interesting.
So, I mean, which is, just for the record, is bad.
But I do appreciate that Bungie, I feel like, made the right call here.
Although, obviously, the right call would be to give the voice actors what they want.
There's a lot of companies, and AI protection specifically, you know, being part of that.
I realize this is multiple companies have to come to the table with this, but I will say I appreciate that Bungie did not go the step of using
You know, Fiverr hired voice actors to fill in the gap that they did make it a point to be intentionally unvoiced.
I think that is the right move from the developer's standpoint and the most they can do during this strike.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
and I still don't hear an end in sight and it's AI protections is what they're so I again I appreciate that the devs didn't use shitty AI they didn't use you know these these other you know Fiverr hired voice actors and things like that they left it blank which is I think the right thing to do to keep the game moving I guess when the strike is bigger than this one particular studio um
I'm also going to just say right now that I am not going to ever permit my voice being used without my knowledge for any sort of AI training tool.
I will say this right here, right now.
I do not consent.
and even if it was that I had been licensed to do something in the past or my voice being on the podcast was just out there
I don't consent to that.
It's not any term of anything that I'm doing.
I haven't signed any agreements that permit this or given anyone the ability to recreate my voice and the fact that these companies feel entitled to do so is absolutely disgusting.
100% and we are this particular show is self hosted and owned thanks to a extremely generous person who makes it all happen it is not a part of any like libsyn or not that I'm saying these companies practice that but I'm just saying there is no other company that hosts this show that could sign an agreement like that that we would be subject to so we are completely independent in that nature so the only people that can give that permission is us
Nobody can speak on behalf of us.
I guess Jason could technically give that permission, but he's not going to.
So that's where that stands.
Yes, and of course we stand with voice actors.
They deserve the AI protections.
No one can do it actually anyway because we still haven't signed any kind of agreement.
So no one can.
Yeah, of course we stand with the voice actors and the AI thing.
It's such an easy thing that ought to be resolved.
You don't use AI on people's voices without their consent, period.
Or their art.
That's it.
Yeah, well, in the case of a voice actor, the voice is art.
So yeah, 100%.
I'm saying in general.
Of course.
It's across the board.
Do not use any generative AI without the consent of those who are training it or hire a batch to train your AI and pay those people for their skills.
Although I will admit, I do see some humor, a limited amount of humor, in that, what was that?
There was a Chinese AI thing that caught wildfire recently.
It was like a huge app on the store and all this stuff.
DeepSeek.
Backset, thank you, DeepSeek.
And the people at OpenAI complained that DeepSeek stole the learning methodology from OpenAI.
And it's one of those things where it's like, do you know who I do not feel bad for in this moment?
No.
Any of them.
Do you know who I do not feel bad for right now?
None of it should be stolen.
But if an individual like James Earl Jones and his estate wants to allow that, that is different.
He is consented.
Fine.
Fair enough.
But then you also look at, say, Troy Baker doing Indiana Jones now, which Harrison Ford is still alive.
He could have done it.
Obviously, it would have cost – so to save on cost.
Interesting.
I don't think so either and so you know Troy Baker did but Harrison Ford has said basically that Troy Baker did a fine job he made some interesting comments where it was kind of like I think he was trying to say if they wanted to take my soul they've already done it like they said like type of thing but I don't think that was a dig on Troy Baker I think that was a dig on the series is gonna go on with or without him one way or another and I kind of took it to be like at least they did this and not AI like they were gonna do it one way or another.
There's no one in this universe as grumpy as Harrison Ford, okay?
Get off my damn plane.
What was it he said in Air Force One?
Something like that.
Anyway.
All right.
He is a grumpopotamus, but we love him.
All right.
Moving on.
Loki.
Alright, so we've got some news about no delays, and we love no delays.
So originally, Grand Theft Auto 6 was supposed to be, well, I mean, it's been moved a few times.
Now we're in 2025, and the initial, you know,
Estimate when is the fall of 2025.
But now we have a brand new investor call that has now confirmed that, yes, they are still targeting 2025 for now.
It says, look, there's always a risk of slippage.
And I think as soon as you say a word like absolutely, you jinx things.
So we feel really good about it.
I think the game is equally anticipated both internally and externally.
We know Rockstar seeks perfection.
I would never claim success before it occurs.
I'm very fond of saying arrogance is the enemy of the continued success.
So if we are running scared and looking all over our shoulders, we know that our competition is on sleep.
Our whole organization is super excited.
but yes so right now it's that they are not delaying it but that's not to say that there could not be any more delays so we'll just have to wait and see we will have to delay the announcement of a delay because at this time we do not forecast a delay but I'm not saying there won't be a delay our delay is delayed exactly our delay is just not today and our response to the delay being delayed is delayed so
We're going to wait a little bit on that delay.
Anyway.
Better delayed than cancelled.
Better delayed than cancelled, which is what happened to the Nintendo PlayStation.
Yes, as I'm sure many of you recall, that originally the PlayStation was going to be Sony's first add-on for the Super Nintendo.
Thank you, Ken Kutaragi, for coming up with the concept.
Well, Shuhei Yoshida, of course, who worked for Sony for a very, very long time, but recently retired, has been opening up a little bit in some interviews about his experience with this failed Nintendo partnership in the Nintendo PlayStation.
So he went on some YouTube channel or something that he, the MinMax, I think was the name of the channel, and
DarkSakura, Drew, Carameldansen
It was like a shooter.
Do you remember on the Sega CD system, there's an amazing game from Game Arts, a space shooter.
He's talking about Silphid.
And all the assets are streamed from the CD, so lots of assets coming in.
I don't remember who made it.
It could have been developed in the US or Japan.
I wouldn't be surprised if it was actually in Sony's archive.
So he's kind of giving you some insight as to what that CD was doing for the Super Nintendo at the time.
But as we all know, it didn't end up happening and PlayStation became its own thing.
Here we are all these years later on the PS5.
There is so much more drama in that.
Cliff notes.
The arrangement, though, between Sony and Nintendo would have fucked over Nintendo.
Bad.
And then Nintendo's like, we're just going to go talk to Philips then.
And Sony's like, fuck you talking to Philips.
We're going to do our own thing then.
And Nintendo's like, well, fuck CDs all together.
We're gonna do a cartridge!
And everyone's looking at them like, the fuck you doing?
And that's the drama.
You should really have a YouTube channel where this is how you explain video game drama.
And I even got a name for you.
It's gonna be called... Breaking it down for a bitch.
I was gonna call it The Gaming Tea.
or you could, yeah, you could throw like some gaming lingo in there, breaking it down for a bite I don't know, anyway, alright, fine I know, just be like it's just gonna be called, fuck you the story of fuckery in the gaming industry it's all fuckery, I don't know
There was also a lot of stubbornness thrown in there too And I don't know if it's just me
DarkSakura.com
Yeah, so, you know, there's the series of games called The Resistance and a lot of people were pretty fond of it.
DarkSakura, I'm going to jump in.
DarkSakura, I think you actually have something on the Grammys.
I picked the wrong one?
Yeah.
Do I?
Yeah.
Oh God, I do.
I'm sorry.
No worries.
I don't know why.
Live things happen.
Why do things not work?
Great.
And now I don't know where it is.
Because life is hard.
Ugh, fuck.
No, everything is hard.
And now it's like, do you want cookies?
I want the cookies I can put in my mouth and eat when I'm depressed.
Which is all the time.
I don't care about... No, just let me read the fucking thing.
Okay, hi.
Okay, so.
Wizardry.
How about that?
Is that better?
Yes, much.
so the composer for Wizardry Proving Grounds of the Mad Overlord won a Grammy yay won in the best score soundtrack for video games and other interactive media category which was introduced about two years ago the other nominees were Pinar Toprak for Avatar Frontiers of Pandora which has a fucking amazing soundtrack for the record
Bear McCreary for God of War Ragnarok Valhalla, John Pisano for Marvel's Spider-Man 2 and Wilbur Droger 2 for Star Wars Outlaws but Phillip says that she was blown away by the win
Yay!
She also just looks so pleased.
She does look very pleased.
That's not just like the, oh yeah, I'm a professional and I won the Grammy.
She's like, holy shit, I won the Grammy!
Well, to be fair, I wouldn't
I would consider that Wizardry Proving Grounds was really an underdog.
And I'm not talking of the scores.
I'm just talking of the games.
When you put all these games side by side, Wizardry Proving Grounds really kind of looks like an underdog because it's a remaster of a really old game.
It's one of Digital Eclipse's
It's very green and has a cloak That's not perfect for wizardry
Assassin's Creed 3 and God of War
and she wrote a book called A Composer's Guide to Game Music.
That's cool.
That's very inspirational for people maybe getting into gaming music.
Neat.
Alright, well Loki, what do you have for us?
Let's talk about what could have been is being muted.
What could have been with Resistance 4.
I was a huge fan of the Resistance series on the PlayStation.
It was one of my favorite games on the PlayStation 3.
And actually, at the time, I was kind of comparing that between that and Halo 3.
And I actually preferred that a lot better because it reminded me of the early...
Call of Duty 2 and Call of Duty 3
and they said it was a wonderful concept and just in terms of timing and marketing opportunity it just didn't work and the reason for that is that they were going to go back into the backstory of the Chimeria and what their origins were and that type of stuff but the game itself sounded too similar to The Last of Us and they didn't want those two games overlapping and of course as you know The Last of Us was a runaway success game
later on so it makes sense that they didn't want to compete with that at the time but they did had they had set up Resistance 3 to essentially end the chapter of the Resistance franchise but leave it open for another game in the future if they were going to go ahead with more Resistance titles but unfortunately they haven't yet which is too bad because I really do like the Resistance games and I really do think it should come back
Yeah, I remember you were a big fan of those years ago.
And that series did just kind of fall off.
So I never realized.
Yeah, I guess that makes sense that if it's too similar to another game that Sony's really behind, they wanted to distance that.
But that's sad.
I can't imagine, though, how that would have been similar to The Last of Us.
I mean, if we're talking more of a stealthy game, that's just a totally different game at that point.
But I don't know.
Hmm.
I guess we'll never get to see.
We'll never get to see.
Unless there was a prototype or something, but it sounds like it didn't even make it that far.
All right, well, some games on Steam, especially in early access, never seem to make it far at all.
And that's why there is a new warning on early access games that are considered dead.
So if you go to an early access game on Steam and then you end up downloading it and then you kind of find out, oh, wait a minute, this game is not only kind of broken, it hasn't been updated in months.
So what Valve did to the Steam store was they added something new, which is a warning.
So a warning will show up on early access games that will tell you how long it's been since the game was last updated.
So this warning will appear in what is the big blue early access box that you're used to seeing with early access games.
Um,
It will have statements from the game's developer about why the game is in early access, which is normal.
That's what it has.
But it will also have in orange, it will say how many months or years it's been since the last update went live.
It also says in quotes in a disclaimer, the information and timeline described by the developers here may no longer be up to date.
Project Zomboid has been cited as an example.
It is targeting games that were abandoned, such as Unsung Story is a big one.
There was a Kickstarter.
It was supposed to be a successor to Final Fantasy Tactics, and it never got done.
And so now it has a label that says it's been abandoned for four years.
So now you can make an informed decision if you want to back that kind of thing or not.
So interesting.
I think that's good information to have on the Steam store.
I think it's a good way to...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
It just gets a magical little upgrade.
So I do want to shout that out and congratulate YYR on getting that released.
It must feel very, very good.
So super duper multitasking.
Check it out.
Support our friend YYR.
All right.
We're going to go back to a simpler time when there was no early access.
Okay, there was no early access to ruin games.
We're going to roll the bumper right now.
and now it's time to travel back to a simpler time where I'll dive into the vault and pull out a classic and tell you about it.
It's time for the classic game of the week.
Alright, but once a month, DarkSakura likes to flip the script a little bit and this year she is taking a classic game or a console game that became an arcade game.
So DarkSakura, what is the classic console to arcade game of the week?
Versus Super Mario Brothers.
which is why I was like no spoilers last month my bad what's the first one that came to mind but there's a reason for that
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
So yeah, Versus Super Mario Bros.
came out in 1986 as an arcade adaptation of Super Mario Bros.
that came out on the NES in 1985.
And it was released on the Nintendo's Versus system and the Nintendo Versus Unis system and the variant of that, Nintendo Versus Dual system.
We may talk about those someday.
The levels were made more difficult, given narrower platforms, more dangerous enemies, fewer hidden power-ups, and 200 coins needed for an extra life instead of 100.
This was a quarter muncher, y'all.
And some of the new levels that were in it were actually featured in the original Super Mario Bros.
2, the Japanese version, not the Doki Doki Panic.
Um...
The arcade version was not actually officially released in Japan.
There were coin-op versions that was made from a Famicom console that was placed in an arcade cabinet in Japanese arcades.
That was by January 86.
And Nintendo, of course, threatened the litigious path
and um so but yeah that that kept going in through 87 so outside of Japan versus Super Mario Brothers did officially get released um in early 1986 and it became the first version of the game to get a wide international release
It debuted at the 86 Amusement Trades Exhibition International in London.
And it was the first appearance of Super Mario Bros.
in Europe.
So it went on to be pretty popular.
It was such a wide release.
There was a ROM software conversion kit was how it originally released.
it was featured in a contest from the ACME convention in Chicago in March 86 and yeah, basically it became pretty popular and it was the 8th top grossing arcade video game on the US PlayMeter charts in May 86 sold 20,000 arcade units within a few months and became the best selling Nintendo Versus system release
basically each unit was averaging more than $200 a week and the 13th highest grossing arcade game in 86 in the US according to replay arcades charts the top of that by the way was Sega's Hang-On
DarkSakura,
I like this quote it's from Chris Kohler of Kotatsu he said that the game's difficulty was the meanest trick Nintendo ever played um but yeah I mean and it was I think a lot of us this was a lot of people's introduction I think to the Nintendo versus system um which you know I will eventually have to cover that at some point you know like different arcade systems but um
There were all sorts.
It actually kind of started with Data East having a concept of convertible arcade board systems.
And then Sega put out the converted game system.
And so this eventually led up to it.
It was an idea that they had worked on following the video game crash in 83.
And so...
That was one of the things that led up to this arcade conversion.
So there you go.
All right.
I'm actually shocked.
You talked about how they have the conversion on the Nintendo Switch that Hamster did.
And that game is consistently in the top sellers.
I legitimately think so many people think that versus...
well no I think they they're they're misinformed because they think versus Super Mario Brothers or they go oh it was the arcade version it's the same thing or they go oh it's Super Mario Brothers let's get that and they don't realize like the pain that they are about to suffer because this game was truly much harder horribly painful yeah yeah this this game was was torture
to play.
I mean, fun, yes, but torture.
And it was intended to be a quarter muncher.
If you see one in public, don't touch it.
Maybe touch it and say thank you for your service, but don't play it because you'll lose on 1-1 and then you'll feel really sad about your life and your choices.
Just pay $5 for the hamster one on Switch because that way your quarter loss is limited.
Yeah.
you'll save money you'll save money, exactly of course the true factor, you save the money you never spend
True, true.
You know, having played this game... This said from a consumer whore.
Having played this game a little bit at the roller rink when I was younger, because I remember the pay choice and all that, and this game was in it, and obviously I never got very far and all that, I'm very curious about that part where you're talking about the Japanese Mario 2, or Lost Levels, if you will, that those levels exist in this game.
I was never really aware of that.
I'm kind of curious which ones they put in.
took too much money to even get there nobody's seen it they've spent all the money trying to get there if I'm correct I'm sure it's some of the like the weight level platform levels you know where they're the scales yeah yeah I think a couple of those were included and yeah the game is vicious interesting oh my gosh
I gotta be honest, kind of want to play it.
Again, like through a fresh set of eyes.
I'm pretty sure I bought it on Switch, but I didn't get very far because of course I didn't.
So, interesting.
There were some interesting versus games.
I mean, they had Tetris and Dr. Mario and Mahjong Wrecking Crew, Ladies Golf.
Clu Clu Land, Excitebike There's just a bunch Yeah, I remember versus Excitebike, that was a huge one So, alright Yeah, versus Castlevania was another one Oh, that's right, third party games started showing up at some point
Top Gun, Platoon That's so funny that versus Castlevania was one when Vampire Hunter's right there which already had a reputation for being hard as fuck.
Or no, no, I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
Haunted Castle.
I don't know why I called it something else.
Haunted Castle was right there.
But even Valkyrie Noboken was on there.
Valkyrie didn't say it was Legend of the Valkyrie, but it was the Namco one.
Super Xavius, Atari RBI Baseball, Sky Kid, Goonies.
Well, Goonies was Nintendo, but still.
That's why...
we never got that's why when we got Goonies 2 we didn't get a Goonies 1 because Goonies was arcade Goonies 1 was considered the arcade game here yeah so yes uh which I believe was board by board it wasn't like the open worldness of Goonies 2 if I remember right yeah yeah
Okay, anyways, a few more stories for you, and then we'll see if maybe we have some Lister Roundtable tonight.
I don't know.
We have a few less people around tonight just because of everything going on in pop culture.
But we'll see.
We'll offer an opportunity here in a little bit.
For now, we have a few more headlines for you that we're going to talk about rapidly in a section called Rapid Fire News.
Loki.
yeah uh so football manager 25 has been canceled after how dare you bring up football tonight how dare just kidding it's been well it's been canceled there will be no okay oh there will be no football today yes no football as of right now as of the year 2025 it will be unmanaged football from here on no more football rogue football only rogue football if there's the
Who's to say what's going to happen?
I mean, we're just off the rails here now.
But anyways, the developer explained that they were aiming for a high quality game when they announced it.
I guess this was come out in March, but they said that they have encountered challenges that made it unable to reach its goal.
And also it was rushing too much and in danger of compromising its usual standards.
So in other words, they couldn't get a game polished enough.
Well, maybe.
I mean, I don't know what Football Manager's standards are, but, I mean, you've got to have high standards if you're managing the football.
All of the football, so.
The football, you know, let's not confuse this.
But yes, so there will not be a Football Manager 25, but fret not!
for It Will Rise Again in 2026 with Football Manager 26.
Oh, joy.
Certainly not 25, but just developed longer with 26 on it.
We'll just throw that in the pile of things that are fucked in 2025.
Good job, football.
You're going to just have to manage football on 2024, last year's management.
sorry you just have to remember better times you gotta cut back, you gotta play those old sports games you don't need to play every new release back in my day, we had no football manager football managers, yeah it was unmanaged it was all unmanaged chaos it was football chaos, that's it
and then we've got news that Magic the Gathering is going to be adopted for TV and movies cool that's all I have to say about that I don't know cool hey, we're the first to bring magic to the movies there has not been magic in movies yet until now
Same with TV.
No magic in TV.
We are groundbreaking as far as bringing magic to cinema.
Cinema has been unmagical up until this point.
I'm going to say this.
The Magic of the Gathering universe is pretty lore heavy and has a lot going on.
Even back when I was selling my Black Borders off.
So I'm kind of surprised.
I mean, there's been comics forever.
I don't know what this is going to be.
It'll be something that cashes.
It'll be like a Dungeons and Dragons movie that cashes in on this stuff.
And you know what?
Maybe it'll be decent because as much as it's easy to sit here and poke fun of it, a lot of recent video game adaptations have been fine.
Not all of them have been good.
Like the Resident Evil Netflix was a choice.
But there's been some decent video game adaptations that have happened.
A lot of them recently.
So we'll see.
Magic the Gathering
God, I wish I still had mine somewhere.
I bet that thing's worth a lot of fucking money now.
We used to use the candelabra and all that stuff to get the ginormous cards into our decks.
That's so funny.
So we could play them.
SS2100 Matt in chat says, hopefully they have enough colorless mana in play to make this a good movie.
Thanks, Dad.
This movie funded by the sale of three Mox Jets.
Well, if this is modern Hollywood, you can better believe it's going to be colorless mana.
DarkSakura, what do you have for us?
Oh, and extra cost will be covered by a couple of dual lands and a Legends deck.
There you go.
Anyway...
Well, this is something actually that Dan and I are pretty excited about.
We're going to get it.
Capcom Fighting Collection 2 is going to be released for PS4, Xbox One, Switch, and PC via Steam on May 16th.
Capcom has said so.
You can order it now.
Um...
and it will have for the pre-order I hate using that word the collection will unlock rearranged versions of Soy Sauce for Geese and the Rival Schools Medley and you can listen to it in the Endgame Museum and of course there are a limited number of physical copies that will have Capcom vs. SNK original comics
um but it's going to include Capcom vs. SNK Millennium Fight 2000 Pro Capcom vs. SNK 2 Mark of the Millennium 2001 Capcom Fighting Evolution Street Fighter Alpha 3 Upper Project Justice yes
Powerstone, Powerstone 2, Plasma Sword, Nightmare of Bilstein You will have online play, you have a training bag mode, a customizable one at that Expanded language support, you have a full museum built in, a customizable experience Different EX settings and display filters and button layouts and blah
um you have mid-game saves and uh different balance adjustments and quality of life adjustments for the game so yay yeah I'm excited for this too I'm definitely gonna pick this up yes good stuff all right and then uh we have woke me up to tell me about this it's important
It's clearly very important to the well-being of our lives and our continued marriage.
Well, also things that are important to music game fans would be the newest things that Harmonix is up to.
And Harmonix, of course, is a part of Epic Games now, which makes Fortnite.
And so Harmonix and Look North World have released what's called Patchwork Parkour.
It's a rhythm game now available in Fortnite.
So it is a single player obstacle course that is available in Fortnite.
It's an original EDM soundtrack.
It kind of has immersive isometric view and it also has side scrolling mechanics to it.
And they're saying that this was built in the Unreal editor for Fortnite.
It was built in Patchwork, which is a suite of...
and Unreal Editor for Fortnite development tools that will allow creators to build dynamic music and visual experiences.
So they actually built the soundtrack within the tool.
It adjusts the music as you go through four phases in this world and navigate more challenging terrain.
So it looks interesting.
I'm going to have to try that.
So you can check it out in Fortnite.
You do have to use a code to get it.
Get your pen and paper real fast or your rewind button.
It's 1-425-4464-4801.
But I imagine if you log into Fortnite, it's got to be one of the featured worlds right now.
It's probably not too difficult to find, but you can use the rewind button if you need that number again.
Or thanks to us searching, if you look for Patchwork Parkour, you'll probably find that number pretty easy.
Alright, well in the meantime, let's travel around and check out some release dates around the world.
We'll start in the US.
What else is coming out this week, Loki?
PC, Mac, and Linux, Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, Xbox One, and Xbox Series Amber Isle on Nintendo Switch
Hyper Devotion I'm sorry, that's a Japanese release.
That is not coming out here.
Metal Suits Counter-Attack on PC, Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, Xbox One, and Xbox Series.
Recall Empty Wishes on PC, Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 5, and Xbox Series.
Slime Heroes on PC, Nintendo Switch, Xbox One, and Xbox Series.
We have... I'm going to try to pronounce this.
Why do we just throw random continents in these names?
Shandinka Sentinel Girls 2.
I mean, that...
That's the best I'm going to give it.
Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 5, and Xbox Series.
I don't know.
Your guess is mine.
Urban Myth Disillusion Center on PC, Nintendo Switch, and PlayStation 5.
We have The Legend of Heroes Trails Through Daybreak 2 on PC, Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4, and PlayStation 5.
and last but not least, Tomb Raider 4 through 6 remastered on PC, Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, Xbox One and Xbox Series.
That's it.
All right, let's travel to Japan and check out the releases there.
Civilization 7 is on the Nintendo Switch in Japan, just like it is everywhere else.
On February the 11th, we also have, as Loki was starting to say, that's okay, Hyper Devotion Noir, Goddess Blackheart is also out in Japan in a regular and Super Goddess edition.
We also have a game called the Escape Room Chronicles, which looks exactly like it sounds.
It's a bunch of virtual escape room type things.
It's also available on the Switch in Japan this week on the 13th.
And we also have Urban Myth Dissolution Center in regular and, you guessed it, limited edition.
DarkSakura
so coming out is on the 10th for PC, Astronomics Early Access 11th for PC and PS5, ColdVR for PC, Executive, Movie Industry Tycoon Steam Dolls, Order of Chaos
Serial Cleaner for iOS and Android Civ 7 for PC Switch, all the other things On the 12th, we have Sancticide on PC Also Legacy, Steel, and Sorcery for MetaQuest, Alien, Rogue, Incursion on the 13th For Switch on the 13th, Echoes of the Plum Grove For PC, PlayStation, Xbox, Rugby 25 PlayStation and Switch, Tiny Terry's Turbo Trip
for the consoles SNES Hinka, Sentinel Girls 2 PC Switch Xbox Slime Heroes The Escape Room Chronicles Episode 3 The Southern Resort for PC also Urban Myth Dissolution Center on the 14th for Xbox Blood Hunting for PC Switch PlayStation Xbox Dead Dragons for the same After Love EP
Helios Hotel, The Night Shift for PC.
For PC, PlayStation, and Switch, we have Legend of Heroes Trials through Daybreak 2.
And for the same plus Xbox, Tomb Raider 4 through 6 Remastered.
Alright!
Yeah, curious how many of you out there listening will be picking up one of those games this week.
I'm sure Civ 7 is a big one, but you heard about some others out there as well.
We love to hear from you throughout the week in our Discord server over at vognetwork.com.
We're also on BlueSky at OrangeLoungeRadio.com.
Yes, you can have a custom.com as your BlueSky name, and that's really the way to do it.
to prove it's really you.
And you can also email us anytime.
Participate at OrangeLawnTrader.com.
We'll get to all those interactions in just a little bit.
But first, I think Loki has one more story for us.
Yep.
So the release date for Melgar's Solid Delta Snake Eater has accidentally been announced.
Oops.
Sony accidentally uploaded the trailer that contained the release date to the front page.
Oops.
And that's why they had to take the whole goddamn thing down for a day.
No, no, no.
Delete, delete, delete.
I love that whatever game is playing behind you right now just had fire show up right as you are talking about that.
It's really funny.
Oh, yeah.
Twisted Metal.
Yeah.
Yeah, that's how I imagine that the whole thing went down, is essentially, yeah, there was a fire and they had to, you know, throw water on the server to stop the release date getting leaked out, but it's too late because someone saw it, so now it's out there forever.
So, not that I really care, but what's the date?
So, the release date is August 28th.
Oh my god!
Just in time for Labor Day.
Yeah.
I won't be here to buy it anyway.
And then for some reason in the trailer, though, it also had an ape escape monkey slapping its butt.
So I'm not sure what that has to do with anything.
Maybe there's a capturing ape escape monkeys mode.
Counterpoint.
Maybe we need that in more trailers.
We do.
Maybe it's a tie-in for the movie The Monkey.
We need the Last of Us Part 3 trailer to hit because we know that's going to happen eventually.
We just need that really super emotional moment.
Last of Us Part 3, the high stakes.
Oh my god, this is so emotional.
I'm going to cry.
This is so messed up.
And then, bam!
Butt slap right at the end.
Coming soon!
Boing, boing, boing, boing.
I don't know why you just made me think of that character from Toshinden on Saturn.
Not on Saturn.
It was, was it Toshinden 3, I think?
The butt monkey.
We don't know.
I don't remember his name.
We always called him the butt monkey because he would attack with his butt.
So Dark Tetsuya has a serious answer here.
Boo.
No, I'm just kidding.
We appreciate it.
Again, what is up with you all fucking wanting facts on your video game podcast?
I don't understand.
Seriously, I just came here for a good time and I feel so affected right now.
There you go.
See, now it makes sense and I don't like it.
Of course.
I have to rewind a little bit.
So, Snake Eater was technically Metal Gear Solid 3 before, right?
Mm-hmm.
So why isn't it Gamma?
Why is it Delta?
Now you're asking for more logic, and we've already given you enough tonight.
Because they tie- Go away.
Product placement tie-in with Delta Airlines, and so now, that's how they're gonna make the money back.
Fly the friendly skies!
Boing, oing, oing, oing.
Alright.
Well, no, Rob, it's Snake Eater, not Snake Beater.
Although, either could be interchangeable.
uh vognetwork.com slash discord in the green room if you'd like to call us tonight we also are happy to take comments from our chat uh over at twitch.tv slash vog network I don't think we had anything on blue sky tonight I will double check I also don't think we had anything in the mailbag either but I sometimes get that wrong no no no we don't how dare next week people
I need at least 10 emails about how you love me or at least give me money send us some good photoshops of the ape escape monkey in your favorite video game but not 10 of them listener photoshop challenge if your video game is ape escape no
We are not going to break down.
Oh, that's true.
Remember, if we don't get email or calls, we talk about Drag Race.
SSJ100, Matt reminds us, we get to do gay shit if we don't get any emails or whatever.
Well, I don't really watch Drag Race anymore.
I'm stupid, and I did buy the season of Drag Race.
Oh, did you?
I don't really watch.
I did see.
I will say, okay, so when I was in Portland...
It was a butthole.
I've been watching Fashion Photo Review
One of the queens within a week of that did that number in Portland, like with that, but actually did like a full reveal.
So they took the thing off and there was a whole outfit underneath it and it was really well done.
I thought, yeah, it was a fun performance.
And then the other thing I learned is that there is a Badlands in Portland and it is the exact same fucking thing right down to what happens each night as the Sacramento one.
Except it's laid out differently.
There's two.
Yeah, I just thought that was interesting.
I was like, wow.
Isn't there another Badlands?
In San Francisco.
And I think Reno is supposed to be getting one if they don't already have one.
But where's our Hamburger Mary's?
It's the McDonald's of gay bars at this point.
It is.
But it's fine.
But at least it's not Faces.
Yeah.
SG-100 Matt did specifically call out the new Gaga song which I will say is really fucking good it is really fucking good so like yeah that's all there is to say about it if not listen to you know I love ABBA but of course I love ABBA Cadabra you need to go listen to that song it's it's great I'm sure I'm sure I say you need to go listen to that song I'm sure it has been forced upon all of you at some week if you have a gay person in your life this song has been forced upon you at some point this week and I would say it's
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Y'all stopped shitting on Chromatica.
Chromatica gave us the Chromatica 2 to 9-1-1 transition.
It was incredible.
Did y'all forget?
Y'all have amnesia?
It did come out during COVID, so maybe the answer is yes to those questions.
But...
Or maybe it's just because she has been gone a few years, you know, doing the acting thing, doing the whole, I'm going to be in the Joker movie.
And guess what?
It's a stinker.
That whole stuff, you know, so it's, I would say she's back to form with music.
um but she didn't exactly go any it's not like Chromatica was a bad album it's a great album that that duet with Elton John it's like one of my favorite Gaga songs so fucking good even if I fucking love Elton John even if the end turns into um dubstep for no reason uh I love that song you know what though I want you know what you don't know what I want an acoustic album
Oh, from Gaga?
Well, there's the Tony Bennett albums are very close to that.
No, no, no.
I want like Oh, her songs instead of jazz standards.
Okay, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Done like piano or acoustic guitar or something.
I want like a Gaga unplugged.
Yeah, because when she plays things like Poker Face and Paparazzi on the piano, it's so good.
Yeah.
That's also why Gaga legitimately plays all these instruments, writes all her music.
And we all know a lot of the pop girlies don't do that.
And I'm not here to pit women against each other.
Yeah, they hire Kesha to do it for them.
But part of the reason that Gaga is on this different plane is because she's the full package.
Yeah.
And she's getting people involved politically, which is a great thing.
And as much as I kind of don't give a hoot about the Grammys, I guess they're trying to work on some of their issues.
The Weeknd forgave them, so I don't have time to watch it, but I'm looking with curiosity what's going on.
And obviously I saw what Gaga said, which was very necessary.
And that's another reason why we fucking love her.
That's why LGBTQIA, all your rainbow fans,
I was very happy to hear that
Let's see.
I guess that's it.
We didn't get a lot of other stuff tonight, but that's because, again, I think a lot of folks are distracted by pop culture things.
I hope you had fun.
I hope your team sports the way you wanted them to.
But I will say, I'm just going to be honest.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
When Dan woke me up this morning, I mean, he basically woke me up to say it was noon.
He was like, I hope both teams lose.
And I'm like, yeah, grumpy cat law.
But I'm going to say one thing.
The team that the turd was going for lost.
And I'm happy about that.
I didn't know he gave a shit.
But anyway, I don't give a shit.
Oh, he's salty.
Bitch is salty.
And Bitch is also salty that Time gave the cover to his little Stoogey instead of him.
OrangeRiteInChat says, we flipped a coin to see what team we should cheer for.
I just say I'm glad it didn't land on heads.
I already have my joke for next week.
I already have my joke, because you know I'm hosting some shows next week.
If you're here in Sacramento, check out what's going on at the Colonial Theater Friday and Saturday.
We've got Rocky Horror on Saturday, and we have my Bloody Valentine, Gorlesque performance on Friday, variety show featuring Sigourney Beaver, my favorite drag name ever, from Dragula Season 4 is going to be there.
on Friday.
And I already have one of my jokes.
I'm going to spoil it for you.
You ready?
I'm going to say, how many of y'all were watching the Super Bowl last week?
Yep.
I don't think people really gave a shit about either of those teams.
Let me see.
Clap if you're rooting for the Eagles.
And I expect it will be dead silence.
Clap if you're rooting for the team from Kansas City.
And I expect it's going to be silent.
I'm going to say, clap if you're rooting for the asteroid to kill us all in 2032.
Woo!
See?
That's...
That's what you're going to have to look forward to.
More Aubrey Plaza inspired jokes.
The real winner was Serena dancing to a diss track about her ex.
That's the winner.
Who's Serena?
Serena Williams oh the tennis player okay well I'm like there could be a lot of Serenas out there in the world like one of my best friends in grade school is named Serena and I was like oh she's a football fan Serena Woods okay okay yeah dancing in front of everyone to a diss track about her ex that's oh Anne Hathaway was there I do like her and people booing at Taylor Swift
I don't know why they were booing at her, but they were, and I'm confused.
I feel like it's trendy to hate her.
I mean, I don't like listening to her.
I am far from being a Swifty, but I'm not like a hater.
Yeah, I would actually go so far as to say I'm actually very impressed at she took back those albums that were basically stolen by her label and sold against her will, and she said, you know what, fuck this, and she's taking them back and re-recording them.
I think that's a really
All right.
Well, with that.
Oh, I guess last minute stories.
Loki, video games?
Yeah, okay, alright.
Enough.
Enough.
You know what?
Football Manager isn't happening anymore and we're all mourning, so isn't that enough?
Alright.
that means we're doing final thoughts and we're going to wrap it up tonight DarkSakura, not streaming tonight unfortunately I'm not I walked around way too much yesterday and my leg hurts I'm actually on rest for another two weeks so I'm all I'm taking some time tonight I'm just kinda yeah
Alright, fair enough.
Rest up.
When your body says no, I don't like to overdo it either.
That's why I haven't been streaming a lot lately.
I'm just like, I have to be mentally in the right place to do it.
It doesn't happen.
It's fair.
I'm sending you a suggestion real quick.
Okay.
Well, meantime, let's go to Loki and get your final thought tonight.
Oh, wait.
I didn't really get your final thought, Jamie.
I'm sorry.
I just said why you're not streaming.
I have no thoughts.
There are no thoughts, only Zul.
Fair enough.
Loki, what are your final thoughts?
Like I told my football team that I manage, unfortunately, you're on your own from now on.
Do your best.
Resist.
I agree with Matt.
Resist.
My final thought.
I love Gabby Windy.
I don't expect that any of you know who this woman is.
And I would not blame you because the first – no, Gabby Windy, I'm going to tell you.
You need to look her up.
I fucking love her.
I've discovered her through TikTok and the television show The Traitors, which you all know I love.
I love my trashy reality shows.
And here's the thing.
Gabby Windy –
Rose, her first show was The Bachelorette.
And I really don't give a shit about that show.
I'm just going to be straight up honest.
But the way she was introduced on The Traitors, she's like a young Jennifer Coolidge.
She talks just like her.
She's very, so somebody asked Gabby Windy, like, oh, what are you known for?
Like, what show are you from?
And she goes, I was on The Bachelor, Bachelorette.
And they go, you know, oh, well, how was that experience for you?
And she goes, well, I'm a lesbian now.
So that should tell you how that went.
Yeah.
and that's very much her sense of humor and now I get her TikToks all the time and like I got a TikTok of her yesterday going
You're going to go to a meeting at 3 p.m.?
How dare you?
I just had lunch.
I'm processing.
No, I don't want to get on a FaceTime.
The fuck I want to get on a FaceTime to talk about solutions.
Send me the fucking Google Slides.
I need you all to look Gabby Wendy up because that is the energy I need all of us to bring in 2025.
I've decided I fucking love this woman and I stan her very hard and she's the best thing to come out of that TV show.
You'll have to send me a link.
I will, I will.
I love her so much.
I just learned today she has a podcast.
Fuck, what is the podcast called?
Hold on.
Yes, I'm going to do something I've never done.
Is it Gavin with Gabby?
Yes, I think it is Gavin with Gabby.
No, wait.
No, I just made that up.
Long-winded with Gabby Windy.
That's the name of it.
I have never, ever plugged a non-indie podcast on this program.
so um the latest episode was called chiropractic pervert the episode before that was called after a lesbian breakup with whatever friends and then the episode before that was called I burnt my clitoris I'm down
Love her.
I love her.
Okay.
Anyway.
And the traitors, excellent reality television.
Excellent.
I call it the Super Smash Brothers of reality game shows.
That is exactly what it is because it takes people from Survivor, Big Brother, and then reality shows that aren't even really game shows.
It's like, what the fuck is this person doing here?
But the Real Housewives, and it's fantastic.
Fantastic.
Yeah, right?
Gabby Windy is the only reason I'm getting up in the morning lately.
That's going to get us through the next four years.
All right.
On that note, have a wonderful night, everybody.
We'll see you next time.
Good night.
Have fun storming the castle.
To join us for our live show, tune in to vognetwork.com Sunday nights at 6pm Pacific, 9pm Eastern.
The views and opinions expressed in this program do not necessarily reflect those of the staff of Orange Lounge Radio nor VOG Network, but you know they were all still true.
See you next week.
