Hi, awkward intro tonight, sorry, but before we start, I want to address the unexpected
hiatus that the show went on for a couple of weeks.
This won't have anything to do with video games, so if you're looking for a video game
and food chat, fast forward until you hear the music.
If you've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio over the past few weeks, you've probably
heard me talk about several times that my mom had been in and out of the hospital, including
intensive care since February, really, when she had knee replacement surgery.
I'm not going to overload you with the clinical details, but the diagnosis she ended up having
and the main thing that she was battling was a condition called myasthenia gravis, which
is a neurological condition that can cause droopy eyelids, trouble talking, and for most
people, and I want to emphasize this if you know anyone that has this, for most people,
this ends up being pretty manageable and you can have a pretty normal life.
But sometimes, and I think due to her age, this condition flares up in a crisis and this
means you can have extreme difficulty breathing to the point that you have to go on a ventilator
and that's why mom had been in the hospital for a few weeks.
She had a crisis, she started improving, meds caused another crisis, she started improving,
she had other issues, so it was just kind of a back and forth.
So a few days after the last episode we did, I got a phone call while at my day job that
the lung muscles weren't getting better and they were wanting to do a feeding tube so
that the lung muscles could recover.
Now you have to remember that mom had been battling this condition for weeks and weeks
on and off since February and when she heard she had to get a feeding tube, that was the
point where she said, I've had enough, she's not going to be kept alive by a tube and really
the doctors couldn't guarantee that it would fend off another crisis for much longer than
another couple weeks anyway.
So my mom said she was done, meaning done.
And I spent many hours at the hospital that week and on Friday afternoon she passed away
and my dad was there, both my siblings were there, so at least we had time to gather and
all be there.
So for those not on Twitter or listening to Bobby, this is why I've been away and why
the studio at the house has been dark.
As you can imagine, this didn't put me in a good space for a little while.
And I know that those that knew why we've been on hold, you understand and I thank you
for that, but I needed the time.
My mom in those final days, she stressed to us that we needed to get on with our lives,
but the reality is that that's a step that's going to take time.
This is something that I've heard from many of you who've been in a similar situation
going through a loss of this magnitude.
So I was really humbled to find out just how many people I knew had gone through something
like this and it's made me feel a lot less alone and I know the future is going to be
okay even if it's changed.
I know oftentimes we talk about the family that this regular Sunday night event has created
over the past 15 years and I mean it when I say you all have helped me with this and
this is why I want to be back here again tonight to keep this going.
My mom should be remembered as someone that loved kids tremendously and always advocated
for them from her lifelong career of raising two generations of kids, then becoming a preschool
teacher, then raising a third generation as a nanny.
But I know many of you didn't get to know that and will remember her from the few appearances
she had on this show.
She had a great sense of humor and I'm really grateful you guys got to hear that.
I could try and dedicate tonight's show to my mom but that wouldn't be genuine because
every show I've ever done has been influenced by mom.
From 15 years of this, Hoard House, Pokestop, guys on show reading it's fundamental, Understation
Live, Vanilla Sky, YouTube, Twitches, all of it.
Mom is always going to be there a little bit in everything that I do.
Tell the listeners about some good things I did.
Didn't it make you proud when Orange Lounge Radio was in the newspaper and on the local
news?
Uh huh.
Good.
Very.
She sounds so convinced.
Alright mom, I appreciate you calling.
I just wanted the listeners to see what my mom was really like.
So there you go.
Well, she's like, she's like a female rob.
Hello my friends out there on the internet.
Welcome back to another week of the show where every gamer has a voice.
It is Orange Lounge Radio live tonight, August the 13th of 2017 with episode number 696
of our show dedicated to video games, gaming culture, and the gamer lifestyle here at Studio
N7 in lovely Sacramento, California.
Myself Rob Roberts or Skye at S-K-I-E on Twitter with my co-hosts, hello dark soccer or Jamie
Summers.
Hi.
Welcome back.
Thank you.
I know while we were on hiatus, you were doing some, I was calling it faux LR.
You like that?
You did some faux LR on your live stream.
How did that go?
It went alright.
Yeah.
Um, I decided to get some news and everything out of the way while I was trying to, uh,
get all my streaming stuff put together because I hadn't done any streaming in a while.
Sure.
And, uh, I think it went okay.
Yeah.
I did catch a little bit of it last week.
So and it looked like it was, you were playing everybody's gone to the rapture, which we
Start to finish.
What's that?
Start to finish.
Start to finish.
You play the whole thing in one sitting?
No, no.
Oh, I was gonna say.
I played it in like three settings.
Okay.
Still though.
Cause the whole thing, I was going to do Mass Effect Andromeda and my game wouldn't
load.
Oh no.
So I still haven't reinstalled it.
That just means how much I've been wanting to play Mass Effect Andromeda.
Um, so I'm gonna, um, probably give that a try again in the future.
Um, but right now I'm actually kind of getting more into the narration game.
So next is going to be the, that Edith Finch.
Oh, whatever happened to Edith Finch?
Yeah.
I think it's called.
Yeah.
That game is great.
I like this.
I like the dark soccer plays emo games.
Yeah.
I might now cause I can do that in one sitting.
I might do, um, Dear Esther as well.
Oh yeah.
Yeah.
Cause that one was really pretty and I enjoyed it.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
They just had a remake on PS4 of that.
Not that long ago.
So I had this one period, um, at work where I'd managed to get like flex time off.
So I was off the phone for like two hours, so I played it on my Mac at work.
There you go.
There you go.
It was great.
That's great.
Um, what was it?
There was another one I was gonna suggest.
Oh, you should, you should be doing, um, you know, this, you know, we've been on break.
It's been about three weeks since we did a show and I think, I feel like one of those
games is kind of like come and gone is the dream daddy dating game.
I haven't started it.
I didn't pick that up yet cause I just, you know, obviously the last three weeks have
been pretty crazy.
Um, so I just kind of missed that whole boat.
So, but I, I feel like that's a game you should be streaming.
I'll make a daddy.
If you do pigeons, Jamie, why not daddy?
I still have more pigeons to do.
That's right.
Um, but also, um, I'm thinking I am level 72 now in Dragon Ball Xenoverse.
Oh wow.
So I'm coming up to level cap and, um, I just did like, I'll get into that for my gaming
week, but good Lord, I was going to start streaming some of that, but it's gotten kind
of weird.
Okay.
And it is so off Canon that it makes my brain hurt.
All right.
Well, let's check in with a tech master, Loki, joining us once again.
How are you, Loki?
I'm fine.
Now you got, you got really sick over the break.
Yeah.
Fun times.
Because there was, I'm going to, I'm going to be honest, there was a part of me that
was thinking, should we do last week?
You know, I was kind of on the fence last week.
I was kind of like half ready, but I was a little worried, you know, but, uh, then what
kind of sealed it for me was that I heard you were really sick and it was like, all
right, let's, let's just, I would have still done it, but I would have probably been coughing
and wheezing and you know, I still have like, kind of like they call it, I think they call
it rails or whatever.
It's basically, imagine the sensation of having like a carbonated beverage in your lungs.
I didn't want to do the show at 70%, 99.9%, nothing but almost the finest for our listeners.
I think, I think we're good.
So it would have been fine.
It would have been, it was great though.
Cause like one thing that, that the one advantage of being that sick is I was able to do the
like, uh, like some evil silent Hill voice or like the ring voice or whatever you call
that.
Like pretty, uh, if I could do that with like without, like in the grudge, it was the grudge,
the grudge.
Yeah.
Let me see, like, see if I breathe out all the way.
Sometimes I can,
I mean, that's like my lungs right now.
That's okay.
It was much worse later on.
Like you could make a really gruesome sounding sounds like, Oh my God, why are you at work?
Go home.
You know, that type of thing.
I believe you.
Do you, do you remember when I had walking pneumonia?
Like what?
Six years ago.
Oh yeah.
I believe that noise.
Trust me.
Well, I don't know if it like, I see I at least had bronchitis, but then that the medicine
wasn't really helping.
So they put me on an antibiotic, which is normally what they do for pneumonia.
And then it went away.
So maybe I had pneumonia or they just never did anything to confirm it.
It's probably for the best if you had all that, that you didn't show up here at the
house.
Yes.
Cause you know, the last thing I needed the past couple of weeks was to be sick, but I'm
glad you're doing better.
Um, so
pneumonia is not contagious.
I overheard, um, Bobby talking to you before the show tonight and I know he was razzing
you a little bit cause she didn't really get to work on your game, although then he felt
bad cause you were sick.
So it was like, Oh, he
tried.
I like, I had the laptop in my lap and I was just exhausted because I don't sleep a lot
as it is.
And then, you know, constantly coughing and trying to like force yourself not to be just
like coffee all the time because when you're coughing that much, then it makes your airways
get tighter, which means I have to use the inhaler, which wasn't working that well.
And it was just, it was a mess.
And so like, I really wanted to, but my brain just is like, I can't do this.
And even last night, like I was like, okay, I'm gonna work on something.
I need to do something and I just, I can't, I just need the rest, I guess.
I don't know.
But I want to, I, I've been trying every day.
It's just brain has not wanted to do that.
Yeah, I understand.
I understand.
You know, we got to give you a little crap though.
Once in a while.
And I completely understand and I, I do want to work on stuff actually right now being
that of course I didn't make the game jam, which I kind of knew from before I started
the game jam that that wasn't going to happen.
We all knew Loki.
We all knew that being sick didn't help, you know, on top of that.
But now I'm kind of at the point like, okay, well what do I work on now?
Do I finish what I was working on?
Do I, everyone keeps bugging me to work on that.
It's time to card game.
Should I do that?
Should I do the other thing I was working on?
It's like, I'm kind of like, what do I want to work on now?
I don't know.
So I have to figure that out.
All right, well good luck trying to figure that out.
I do want to introduce our chat room over at live.vog network.com because we do tape
live every Sunday night at six o'clock Pacific, nine o'clock Eastern right after the Bobby
Black Wolf show at the voice geeks network, vog network.com where Bobby says coding wall
six sucks.
I've had to do that before because they were paying me to, but if they weren't paying me
to nope.
Yeah.
And speaking about like sleeping, you know, I, I couldn't sleep very well either.
So that, you know, that just, it didn't help.
And then I was working on top of that.
So you know, um, I do want to, I do want to, it's hard to motivate myself.
It's really hard to stay motivated cause I, by the end of the day after the kids, cause
the kids are so fucking draining, it's just like, I have no energy left to, and trying
to like do critical thinking and like thinking in that coding.
It's just, it's hard.
It's really hard.
Much, you know, I have so much respect for people that actually do that have a family
or they abandon their family to work on a game for a while, but, um, you know, seriously
it's so much respect for those people.
Uh, looking at chat, a hit stun says I tried to do Ludum Dare.
Did I pronounce that right?
Ludum Dare.
I think that's right.
A couple of weeks ago and I couldn't finish the game, had to work the Sunday.
So it happens.
It happens.
Real life gets in the way sometimes.
I mean, there was a lot of things I wanted to do over the past couple of weeks and you
know, just a lot of that got put on hold.
Um, I, I was hoping finally this year I was going to get to California extreme because
I haven't been to California extreme in like six years, but obviously everything that happened
and by the way, I do want to just acknowledge, um, a lot of you saying very, very nice things
about the intro to tonight's show.
So just thank you very much.
Um, I, I'm really feeling it all.
So thank you.
Um, so, but, but I wanted to go to California stream, but obviously I couldn't and, uh,
you know, but dark soccer, you got to go to California streams.
I mean, I know this is like two weeks ago at this point, but did you have a good time?
Yeah.
Had a really good time.
Yeah.
Um, got to play all kinds of things.
I took pictures of everything that I played, but I played journey for you.
Good.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Appreciate it.
Um, uh, I really didn't play any of the money.
I'll be honest.
That's all right.
I was, I was, I just come out of the cast, so I was wearing my walking boot and it threw
me way off balance a bit, but I would have liked to see some of the panels.
I don't know if you do that stuff, but some of the classic game designers, I would have
really been into that.
So panels there now, I don't think they do a ton.
They have like one room and they have like three or four panels, but you know, did a
panel this year for, uh, cause he designed the new, um, star Wars pinball.
Oh, I'm, I'm confusing classic game expo with this.
That's one.
Oh, sorry.
And mix.
I realized I was mixing up my companies now, but no, um, he did, um, uh, he did the new
star Wars, uh, pinball, um, and, uh, which I got to play.
It was pretty neat.
Nice.
Nice.
Great.
All right.
Well, we'll get into more of our gaming weeks and stuff.
We've been playing a little later, but I want to get in kicked off kickoff topic first.
I do want to also say one thing I did do that was productive is I got a new mic to replay
it because you guys might remember I was having some serious mic problems in the last couple
of episodes.
Um, so I did get a new mic, so I might sound a little different.
Um, so, uh, just let me know if it sounds weird.
It was running a little quiet in tests, so I've tried to bump it up a bit, but I think,
I think we have it at a good point.
Just let me know if it sounds weird to you guys over in our live chat room because it
is live radio.
Sometimes we have to fix things on the fly.
Um, speaking of live stuff, I will be back on Twitch.
I've, Twitch has been on hold this entire time as well.
The last Twitch stream I did was the Splatoon thing I did after the last episode we did.
So Twitch will be back tonight as well.
So I want to just throw that out there as well.
Uh, so anyway, let's talk about kickoff topic tonight.
Um, one game that is kind of coming back all over again.
This is very interesting.
A lot of updates with this game.
Jamie, you had a story about this, right?
With No Man's Sky?
Yes.
Yeah.
Tell us about it.
The No Man's Sky?
Yeah.
The remake.
Oh, wait, wait, wait.
Well, not the remake, but like.
The Atlas Rises update.
Yeah.
A little update that's going on.
You know a little bit about this, right?
Logie?
Yeah.
So they, they've been doing like updates.
They had a couple before this that kind of improved.
They have the whole, you know, um, building of your own bases and stuff, but now they
have a whole bunch of new stuff added.
So they've kind of revamped the whole storyline, added, um, improvements to their mission system,
the, um, economies and also some other fun stuff.
Um, so one thing, they have options now for galactic regeneration.
So when you finish the game, it doesn't just give you like a random world.
It's more of like a, um, you have different ways that you can do it.
Like I think one of the ones I saw was more of like a, like a, I don't know, less hostile
universe or something like that, I think was one of the options.
Yeah, they did that.
That was one of the patches they did, like the one, one patches like that.
They had a version where you could do creative mode basis.
It's like Minecraft too.
Yeah.
This is more of like once you finish the game, it regenerates everything.
They had a new biome, so now there's new planets, new, um, stuff that actually looks different.
They actually have the sand worms now finally, like in the trailer, those are actually a
thing now.
A crash.
Oh, go ahead.
There's that pseudo multiplayer joint exploration.
But yeah, you, you had something on this where like people finally did something that
they were trying to do a year ago.
Right?
Yeah.
Meet up at the same location.
Yeah.
Problem is though, that's kind of still very basic.
It reminds me a lot of like, um, I don't know if you remember in fable and stuff when you're
playing, you'd see like a spark flying around and that was the other player.
And then you could join in your game and that won't accept this.
You can't actually join in the game.
There's not really anything that you can do.
But you, your impact on the environment doesn't necessarily show up on their screen.
However, that's one of the other things that they add is you can actually modify the environment
so you can actually kind of draw with like voxels and stuff in the game to like create
your own landmarks and things, which is kind of cool.
Um, they added new trading, new NPCs, um, crashed, um, huge crash ships.
And I want to say, I think there was, um, different units, uh, harvesters, you know,
more weapon types.
I mean, it's just a lot of shit, visual improvements, like 4k textures now, higher resolution textures.
Um, so yeah, and it's on sale on PC at least.
I think it's, I don't know what it is on, um, PlayStation 4 right now.
I have it on PlayStation 4.
Just look in your nearby clearance bin.
It's uh, it's showing up a lot of those places.
I'm not trying, and I'm not trying to be a bitch.
Like that's just the reality.
Like, you know, obviously this game had some serious, yeah, when it had some serious blowback
when it first came out and you know, that caused the price to drop significantly.
Now I, you know, you guys know how it was.
I didn't buy into the hype beforehand, so I didn't listen to any of the promises or
any of that stuff.
And when I bought the game, I was fine with it.
You know, I didn't, I didn't like love it.
I didn't hate it though, but like some people like really, really hated it.
Um, so I did, I did pop it in yesterday to take a look at it with some of the changes
and I do have to say, I was like, okay, wow, yeah, cause I found one of those big crashed
ships because now there's a story that takes you to one in the opening sequence of the
game.
And so I was like, okay, this is different.
This is like a lot of like changed stuff.
Yeah.
I think they have a whole nother storyline as well.
They do.
They do.
But in the opening of the game, you're not just like stranded with no explanation.
You're actually kind of handheld a little bit.
The game gives you quests like here's how to fix your gun.
Here's how to fix your ship.
And it kind of handholds you through those opening sequences of the game so you understand
a little better what's going on.
So I mean the game's kind of changed all that, but let me ask both of you guys, does it matter
at this point?
Cause I think that's, I think that's the biggest thing most people are struck with is that
most people have made up their mind on no man's sky and here we are a year after the
fact.
I think it does actually.
I think it does because you look at like even the reviews on steam, the reviews weren't
very positive on steam.
I think when it came out and now they're mostly positive, I mean it has made an impact.
People are liking the changes that they're doing with it and I think, yeah, it does.
It's not going to be like, Oh, this is not going to, you know, sell a ton of units in
the beginning because you can't go back in time.
But I think that as far as, you know, keeping it going and stuff, it is gonna make a difference.
It's nice to see them actually putting the effort in to fix the game and now it's kind
of looking more like what they were originally proposing.
Jamie, I can't recall if you played the game a year ago.
I feel like you, you didn't really yet, but does all this news about the changes and updates
does it kind of make you go, Oh, maybe, maybe now it's worth my time?
Nope.
Not really.
I'm glad for the people who enjoy the game.
I just thought it was neat that the, you know, after all this time they're finally implementing
the things that people had asked for.
So no, it's not enough to make me want to play it.
I've got other things in my queue.
Is anyone surprised that the creators of this game didn't just, cause I, you know, I have
to admit a little bit like I'm a, I'm a little surprised that they didn't just shelve it
at some point, you know, and say, okay, we, we did our best.
It wasn't good enough.
We're going to just lessons learned for our new project, which was, you know, honestly
I could see that's a very easy option, but you know, it's good for them to actually put
out a Polish, you know, at least get it to where it needs to be because people are going
to, I mean, they're going to remember it was a clusterfuck to begin with, but they're also
going to remember that they actually took the time to fix all that stuff.
And that says a lot because there's a lot of big publishers out there that will release
games and they'll never fix them like avalanche in just cause three.
I mean, that took forever to get fixed and it's still not very fixed.
So do you think this gives this guy, Sean Murray, right from hello games, do you think
it gets, you know, obviously he's the guy that a lot of internet people are taking issue
with because of all these promises that they felt were unfulfilled.
Did you think this gives him some credit back that, well, he fulfilled a good chunk of them
a year later.
It took a year, but it helps.
It's better than if he didn't because if he didn't, then if he's kind of come out with
his next game or whatever, people are like, I'm not going to believe that shit.
Yeah.
Then again, there's Peter Molyneux and he used to make all sorts of wild fucking accusations
of shit that he was going to have in his game and he didn't fulfill that shit time after
time.
So, and people seem to buy his games just fine.
I don't know.
Maybe it's just, it definitely helps.
So it's good to see that they're doing that.
Let's look at some of the comments in chat over at live.vog.network.com.
Bobby Blackwell says, the Steam reviews got curated more to only be people who bought
the game and didn't refund that.
He actually said either that or the Steam reviews.
And then after that, the people who had negative reviews got negated when they refunded.
So that could be something is that, you know, I think what Steam does, it kind of, at least
when I was looking at it in the store, because I contemplated double dipping on PC, I did.
I didn't do it, but I did contemplate it because it is on sale for like 23 bucks.
It is on sale for 23 bucks.
And I noticed that it's, it showed, you know, this percent was negative, but on top of that,
it says like 80%, 75% within the last 30 days are positive.
And it was highlighting that almost more so than the other figure.
And I thought that was interesting.
So it does kind of, it does kind of show that I'm still thinking about, but I'm like, do
I really need to buy another?
I have this on PlayStation four.
I do like the fact that it looks nicer on PC.
I have a PC that can run it nice now.
It is tempting.
Kaijuto in chat says, I love the OG No Man's Sky.
Haven't tried the new version yet.
Gamers suck.
I'm not surprised they didn't abandon the game because I've seen many devs do this.
They always backpedal for gamer babies.
I think honestly though, I think he had good, great plans for this.
He needed more time.
Sony pushed him to release it.
Time after time again, we see that it's these publishers pushing people to release these
games and they're not quite ready to release them yet.
That's probably true because the PlayStation four, I seem to remember that year, didn't
have a lot of big games coming out.
So No Man's Sky was really pushed as a God of War level type release.
And so, okay, I could see that, but the game had already been delayed several times, hadn't
it?
Right.
But I think it didn't come out in the summer.
I kind of thought it was supposed to be like a fourth quarter.
Yeah.
It would have probably been better off a holiday when they could have got some of that or this
other stuff in there for sure.
So yeah, it'd be very interesting how much did that influence play into it for sure.
Well anyway, it sounds like, you know, with some of these, I kind of think if you've never
played the game, if you like those type of Minecraft open world building games, I think
there might be something here for you, especially, you know, now that there's like a story that
kind of gives it like, well, there was kind of a story before, but it was kind of, there's
more stuff to do now.
Exactly.
It just feels more fleshed out now.
Like it feels like you're not just left in space for the sake of being left in space.
You know, you, you have a framework for what's going on.
So I feel like there's, there's a sufficient amount of handholding yet you're still able
to do whatever the hell you want to do.
You can ignore all that stuff completely if you want and just build whatever you want.
So yeah, so I think, I think the game's worth checking out if you haven't checked it out,
if you're into those type of games, but if you're not into those type of games, I'm not
sure there's anything here that's like going to sway your mind on it.
Like if you're not into the Minecraft type of games, this might not be for you.
So you know, there's that to consider as well.
But I did, I did like, like that you could kind of like build stuff now.
Like it felt more Minecraft like that.
Like I, I built a beacon to find something that I was, it's all part of a story, but
like I was building things.
I don't remember being able to do in the first release of the game or it was a lot more difficult
because you could kind of build, but it was very clunky in the inventory interface and
that part's kind of gone.
Well they even fixed a lot of the inventory stuff where now the inventory actually stacks.
Oh yeah.
Yes, yes.
That happens.
Thank you.
And as part of the story, it handholds you through the process of expanding your inventory.
It's not something you're left to your own devices to figure out like you were before
when it was like, then it kind of spread around like, Oh, if you find one of these things,
ask it to locate a drop off or whatever, and you can expand your inventory that way.
Like they've, they handhold you through that now, which is nice.
So I think more people will kind of be into it if they, they didn't get to see it the
first time.
And now it's what only 23 bucks to do it.
So yay.
Or even cheaper, probably if you can find it on PlayStation four or somewhere else.
So all right.
So No Man's Sky got updated.
Check it out.
If you think that's something you'd be into.
Meanwhile, let's talk about what games we have been playing.
We always like to do towards the top of the show a little bit of how was your gaming week.
Obviously, I know it's been a few weeks, so how was your gaming time?
Dark Sakura, how was your gaming time?
Oh gosh, I played all the games.
You know, and, and since we're covering a big period, we don't have to name every single
game.
Just kind of your highlights.
If you want.
Goodness.
Well, I played a Dragon Ball Xenoverse too, cause I'm still playing it.
I finished Everybody's Gone to the Rapture.
I tried to play Mass Effect Andromeda.
That didn't happen.
Um, I played a lot of pinball, a lot of pinball.
I've played Star Wars, I've played Star Trek The Next Generation.
You guys have had new machines going in and out of that house of yours too.
One new machine.
That was ours.
Oh, I thought it was other ones too.
Um, maybe you were posting clips playing at somebody else's house or something.
We've been borrowing Cactus Canyon and continued for a while.
And then we picked up our own Star Trek, the new one.
But at the little pinball thing, I played Ghostbusters, which was really fun.
Bride of Pinball 2.0, Black Knight 2000, I played some older ones like Bite of the Snake
or something, Medusa, you know, kind of classic.
I also played, um, the new Aerosmith Table.
That was pretty fun.
I'm just trying to see if I can get like an overview of some of the other things I played,
which of course, um, I played a Big Bang Bar, um, Space Fury.
You remember Space Fury?
I love that game.
They had that ginormous, um, Space Invaders as well.
Isn't that a ticket spitter game now?
Those giant Space Invaders?
They have one at round one.
I've seen it around one.
I think they have one over at that strikes in Rockland.
They have the big...
Yeah, play with like kind of like a Canon controller.
Yeah, yeah.
Isn't that a ticket?
I think it's a ticket spitter now.
It's neat, whatever it is.
I played one of the P3 tables, um, which was, hold on, Lady Lights, no, Lexi Lightspeed.
The P3 tables are supposed to be these modular tables that have video screens on the playfield.
Oh.
And it was pretty neat.
It was a fun game.
Is that like the hologram alien thing they had a while ago?
No.
No different?
No, that's different.
Um, this actually has like a full video screen.
Huh.
Um, so there was Journey, there was, oh yeah, they had, um, a Fantasy Zone 2 tape, uh, uh,
machine.
Wow.
And it was so much fun because I love Fantasy Zone.
It was the Tears of Oppa Oppa.
Um, I played Elvira, Willow, the Capcom side-scrolling Willow.
Oh, wow.
Not that, the arcade version of Willow was very different than the NES version.
It was kind of one of those, like, Strider too, where the arcade and the home versions
were very different.
It has more in common with Three Wonders.
That same art style and everything.
Yeah, it does.
Um, I played America's Most Haunted, for pinball, uh, SkyShark, which-
Isn't America's Most Haunted, is that the Ben Heck table?
I think that's the Ben Heck table.
Oh, interesting.
Yeah.
But it was supposed to be like based off of Scooby-Doo, but they couldn't get licensing
or whatnot.
It was weird.
Um, SkyShark, I played, um, because I love SkyShark.
It's like one of my favorite old, you know, war shooting, playing games.
Uh, Kroll, Pac-Man and Chomp Chomp, which I don't know if that's anything official, but
it was fun.
Uh, Crazy Otto.
You know what Crazy Otto is, right?
Was that Crazy Climber with a-
No.
Hack?
Crazy Otto was what turned into Ms. Pac-Man.
Right.
Right, right, right, right.
And someone had like one of the smaller machines, um, set up with like a big ROM hack for Crazy
Otto.
Um-
How was the turnout at the event?
It was busy.
It was busy.
I bet.
They moved a lot of games into another room.
Um, there's Gemini Wing, um, Ula Poco, which is another, uh, puzzle game, uh, Dan, they
had, uh, Vectrex upstairs and console games, so Dan was playing the Vectrex.
Oh, nice.
Nice.
Um-
So you played a lot.
Yeah, Hyperball.
They had a Hyperball that was actually working.
Nice.
Hyperball.
Um, I'm just trying- Oh, yeah, they had, uh, the loop in the third typing game, which they
have every year.
Um, Level 255-
But not Typing of the Dead.
No.
That's unfortunate.
Level 255, you know what that is?
That is the Pac-Man thingy, right?
Yes.
Yes, because of the- it's like, does it jump you right to the last level, or is it-
Like, right before that, I think.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Um, it's meant to simulate it.
Um, there was just all kinds of fun stuff there.
Really fun stuff.
Dan and I are more thinking that it might be time to start selling some of the collection.
Because there's- people are paying bucks for it.
Yeah.
And we've got lots of stuff in the box.
So if anyone wants to give me $500, you too can own a Ninja Gaiden trilogy in the box.
Just saying.
Good to know.
Good to know.
All right.
So, Dark Taco's been very busy.
Loki, how was your, uh, gaming time?
I was not busy, unfortunately.
I did not play anything, because once again, I was trying to focus on actually making a
game, and that just wasn't happening.
Well, and you got bronchitis.
And I got bronchitis.
But no, I did want to- I did want to play stuff.
I ended up- ironically, I ended up playing Legos more than I did anything, so.
Like the Lego Dimensions game, or you mean like actual-
No, like, Legos Legos.
Like, I got out my Legos from, like, when I was a kid and made my kids play with them,
and now they love Legos.
And we have a Lego store in our town, actually.
There's a store called Five Star Bricks, and they sell Legos, so I bought my Lego Loki
finally because I've been trying to get a Loki minifig for, like, forever.
And so I got that, and they have, like, this cool booth that, like, it's like a bin with
a bunch of minifig parts, and so you can build your own minifig for, like, three bucks.
And so my kids had fun doing that, because they made their own custom minifig and everything.
They have birthday parties there!
I'm like, dude, I should have my birthday here!
This is fucking awesome!
Good job getting your kids on Lego at a young age, though.
Yeah, hell yeah.
I mean, I had all this stuff, I'm like, come on, you guys, don't you want to play this?
And, like, my son just doesn't want to build, he wants me to build everything for him.
And he got a bunch of Legos for his birthday, too, and so I made him put one of the sets
together.
I'm like, you're gonna put this together, I'll help you, but you need to do this yourself.
I can't do everything for you.
And he did it, and he felt very rewarded by that.
He's like, I put this together, you know?
Good.
So that was kind of fun.
As far as actual games I played, I played the stupid cell phone clicker game for Office
Space.
I am having a serious addiction problem with that game, like I can't stop playing it, even
though I don't want to sometimes.
But I mean, it's entertaining, I guess.
Every single time they do these little events, they keep changing the rules for them, so
it mixes it up a bit, I guess.
But I don't know, sometimes it's just irritating.
Thankfully, this last one they did, I was able to complete the event in like two hours
instead of five days, so that was kind of nice.
I don't know.
Aside from that, I really didn't play anything.
So I've been trying to play, I've been meaning to play VR, and actually do the super hot
VR, because I have that for PlayStation VR.
Haven't got a chance to do that.
I've been on the fence about buying an Oculus Rift.
I really don't have the money for it, but I'm still thinking about doing it anyways.
I'm like, am I gonna use it?
Responsibility!
I may just wait and eat the extra hundred dollars or whatever, wait for Black Friday
or something like that, I don't know, but it's very tempting.
That's where I'm at with the 4K, because you know I have a 4K monitor now, that was a purchase
I made I think right before the last show, and now it's like, oh I need to get a better
video card so I can play Destiny 2.
Well yes, you should get a better video card, that's actually something that's worthwhile,
whereas an Oculus, that's something you'll use every time you use your computer.
But I'm in that predicament where it's like, do I buy one now, or do I wait for those inevitable,
whatever that new one is that's coming out, like Titan or whatever, there's a new one
coming out in like a month, and so I gotta wait for that so that the prices of the other
ones kinda come down.
Because right now, a 1080 is like 800 bucks.
You don't need a 1080, a 1070 would be fine enough.
That's still like 400, I think a 1070.
I have a 1060 in this laptop.
Do you really?
Yeah, so.
Nice.
Yeah, it's fucking nice.
I have a 970 now, so I can get away with like 2K graphics on my monitor, so like Overwatch,
Final Fantasy XIV, all those games look a little better.
The only game I can play in full 4K and it runs fine is Diablo 3, but it's because I
think that game is kinda, you know, it's a few years old at this point, and I think there's
less going on, but that's the only game I can play in the full 4K.
Yeah the AMD, they have new AMD cards coming out, they're supposed to be pretty good.
AMD's been putting out a lot of stuff that's been a little bit cheaper, especially with
the Ryzen cards and everything, or Ryzen chips.
So hopefully there's gonna be more competition with that, but yeah, the 1070 is a pretty
nice card.
Honestly, you know, I was like, well the laptop in the 1060 is probably good because there's
only a 1080p monitor, so I was like, probably don't need much more than that, it plays everything
fine.
Yeah.
Okay.
Alright.
Well, we'll see, we'll see.
My gaming time.
So let's see, gosh, I've been playing a lot.
One game that I found myself playing until the wee hours of the morning over the past
couple weeks was Diablo 3, funny enough.
I think there's something about, and you were kinda mentioning this when you were talking
about you're sick and you don't really wanna have to think a lot, I think with Diablo 3,
you just really have to click click click click click and get loot.
Click click click.
Yeah exactly.
As little as all it is, right?
Like yesterday actually, I was sitting there and I'm like, I see my Overwatch icon, I'm
like, I haven't played Overwatch in like a month, I'm like, I should go play Overwatch
and I'm like, eh, but the controller's all the way over there, it's like, I just don't
wanna do this.
I probably, so okay, so you know how Diablo has the seasons and you can do a fresh start,
so on PC, some of my friends are playing on Playstation 4 and they want me to play over
there so I started a character, I got it to about level 30 but I just haven't been able
to connect with them online, but PC's very convenient for me to play so I started a character
on PC probably that Monday of the week after Mom passed and I was off work, I started a
character and I am now at Paragon 270 for the season, so just to give you an idea how
much I've been playing Diablo 3, it's been quite a little bit, so that's, that was, yeah,
that was a big game time sink.
I've been playing some of the usual stuff too, Final Fantasy XIV, I did play some new
stuff as well, I should point out, Shane came over yesterday and he has on his Playstation
4, he downloaded from the Hong Kong Playstation store, DJ Max Respect, cause that's not here
in the US yet, and I don't know if it's actually getting released or whatever, it's hard to
tell, like I don't know, I don't understand why these games can't just come out at the
same time, since yes, it's region free, but he had to do this whole thing where he had
to buy a card that was Hong Kong dollars on Playstation, he had to create a new account,
he got it and all this stuff, but it's just like, it just seems so tedious when it's like
why can't they just, it's gotta have something to do with music licensing I'm sure for a
game like that, but gosh, just figure it out, or I don't know, but anyway, so I did get
to play the game, long story short, I did get to play DJ Max Respect and I thought it
was cool because it's basically Beatmania 2DX, but on your controller, and obviously
there's no turntable, and it's interesting because they have a four button mode, a five
button mode, and a six button mode, so it's like in four buttons it's left on D-pad, up
on D-pad, triangle and circle, and then in five button mode you can use right or square
for the fifth button, and then in six button it's right and square separate, so it's the
falling notes and you hit them in time with the music, and you know, it's a well done music game,
I enjoyed what I played with it, I was kind of like, I want this, but I just don't want to have
to jump through all these stupid hoops, so I guess I could get a physical edition, I think only one
store online that I know of has a physical edition, and it's a place I really don't want
to shop unless I like have to, so I'm kind of waiting to see, I guess the game is coming out
in Japan in a couple months, so I'm waiting to see if the Japanese version might be English
language still, or how that'll work, so we'll see, I just hope there's gonna be a US release
of the game eventually, because there's obviously enough DJ Maxx fans here, and music game fans to
substantiate it, so it would be nice for that to happen, so that was something new that I played,
otherwise still some old favorites, I should mention Pokemon Go, because that whole raid
stuff, that was very very motivating in actually leaving the house, I left the house probably for
the first time after a few days, to go catch a Moltres, so I did, it didn't end up appraising
as a wonder, so that was disappointing, but at least I finally freaking caught one, so that was,
that was nice, so I did get one of each, because we did, we went around yesterday, and got Zapados,
that way we have them all, yeah, I had to buy some raid passes to do it, because we didn't get it on
the first try, but I was able, I was able to get it eventually, and I gotta say, it's, it's been
very interesting through this whole thing with Pokemon Go, and all these changes through the
past few weeks, like there's this discord for Pokemon Go, that you can join for local like
Sacramento to find other raiders and stuff, and it just blew up, like it blew up in just a matter
of days, like there's thousands of people on it, it's pretty crazy, and so that's a good way to
like find people in the suburbs, where I live, to find raiding, but you know what we found was
easier, because we ran into some really like, just what happens when you get a big group of
nerds together, there are some people that don't wait for others to show up, before they just go
and raid, you know, and it's like too bad, so sad for you, and other stuff, so honestly like Alan
and I just had better luck, we went downtown, and just went to where we saw Zapados, and like we
would have a full group in 10 minutes, like we walked up to where Zapados had just spawned,
as we walked up we saw people tapping their phones, so we're like oh great, they're already in,
we missed it, oh well, but Alan was like no, we'll just hang out for a minute, so I was like all
right, so we hung out, and within 15 minutes we had 20 people, a full group, ready to do it again,
which we were the first ones to show up for that, so it's like downtown was the place to be at,
because that's just where non-stop groups are forming, so I'm gonna remember that for the
future, for any other raids they might end up releasing, although I would imagine this whole
thing's taking a break after Monday, with all the kids being back in school, and all that,
Lucia might still be around, I think they might keep one of the five-star raids, just so people
can get those rewards, but I think for the most part, you know, I feel like this can't be the
only chance, they'll come back, I just, I don't care anymore, honestly, like I'm kind of, I'm
over it, and it's taken me a while, like I was kind of still playing it casually, and then I
might still do that now, because now that my kid's gonna be back in school later this week,
it's good to kill time, because I can, you know, spin the pokestop, he, because apparently his
school is also a park, and so it went, it bypassed that rule that it's not supposed to be in the
school, but there's a, there's a pokestop right at the school, and so I spin the pokestop while I
wait there in the morning for his, you know, class to start, but, you know, that's really the only
reason I was doing that, but now, like, actually, I have so many Pokeballs, I have to throw them
away in order to be able to spin it again, so. Oh no. Yeah, I have like 170 Pokeballs, so. Get a
clicker, like I have the Poke, uh, Pokemon Go Plus. They had those, I saw them the other day,
they had them at, like, Target. They're not hard to find anymore. And then I'm like, should I get
one just to cheat? It's not cheating, it's not cheating, it's an official product, it's not
cheating. No, I'm gonna open it up, and I'm gonna solder the, oh, that's LED to the actual click,
so every time that it notifies me that there's something there, it automatically clicks it.
I believe that exists already. It's called a Gotcha, or something. Uh, Charles, who was on our
last show when he was talking about it, but he has one of those things. He says, it's like a
bracelet, and I don't think you have to do anything with it. It's like a Gotcha, or so, I forget what
the name of it is, but I, I remember looking it up. I can figure it out for you. But, like, that,
that product already exists, actually. Well, I talked about that before that product even came
out. So, yeah, I was like, oh, this is how it's gonna work. All right. Uh, in chat, SSG100Matt
says, there are rumors that they will introduce Mew during the Japanese Pokemon Go event this
week. I worry some of that might just be wishful thinking, because people- Well, they have, was it
the, the, the low, the low-effort shiny Pikachu? Oh, yeah. We made the black into gray! Woo! I, I
do wish other shinies they would kind of roll out, or, I'm okay if they take a break from the
legendaries and decide to do, you know, to save Mew and Mewtwo for winter, or holiday break, or
something, and they kind of- How long did that take their artists? Find, replace. Oh, stop. Well,
that's how it was in the original games, so it's not like it's that different. I did see it, there
was an article I saw that there was a group of people that actually took down one of the Magikarp
ones with Magikarp, the one the Magikarp raves. Oh, nice. So, that's pretty funny. Same type, same
type attack bonus. Oh, I like seeing that. Nice. Alright, anyway, so that's enough about my gaming
time, so that was some of the stuff I played in the break, so, and then No Man's Sky, as I
mentioned a minute ago. Let's talk about housekeeping a little bit, because I do have some kind of big
updates that are important, I have to communicate during the housekeeping here. So, I am going to be
at Dragon Con in a few weeks. That is still on, so unfortunately we will be off over Labor Day
weekend, which is just, I think, I think it's like three weeks from today, that's three weeks from
today. So, we have two more episodes, then we'll be gone for Dragon Con, that one's always been a
planned break. I will be at Dragon Con, really excited to be a part of Dragon Con, and I'm gonna
be on three panels this year, tentatively, anything can change the last minute. I'll get you more
information about all that in an upcoming VOG article, but yeah, if you're gonna be near the
podcasting track, definitely come to some of those panels, and say hi. I'd love to meet folks from
OLR that are gonna be in the Atlanta area. So, Dragon Con is still happening. Unfortunately,
because of what happened with Mom passing, and me having to take a lot of time away to do that,
I am having to cancel other trips, because just, unfortunately, it's one of those things where I
ran out the bank of time off, and money, and all that stuff, and so I just do not have the
resources to make some things happen, and one of those things is MAGFest 2018. I'm not gonna be
going, so that's a bummer, but I hope you guys that do go have a great time. So, I won't be going to
MAGFest this year. I did hear about all the ticket sales, and some of the issues that caused. I made
this decision independent of all that, so it's not related to that, but I hope they're able to work
that out. And the other thing, I was planning to go to New York in October for a wedding. I'm
having to call that off as well, which is a real bummer, because I wanted to go see people in New
York. I haven't been to New York in like 10 years, but I'm sure everybody understands I have to make
the tough call. So, hopefully, I can reschedule for next year. I can go visit my friend that's
getting married, and her, at that point, will be newlywed husband, and then make a trip out of it
at that point. But for now, pretty much everything that isn't Dragon Con is canceled for the rest of
the year, but I'm hoping to do some other Expos next year. So, we'll look forward to that. So,
all right, I think that's all I have for housekeeping. So, let's get into some more
gaming news of which there's been a little bit. So, let's go to Loki. Yes, so we've, this is kind
of cool, because I remember when I actually tried to compete in this way back in the day,
back in the 90s. So, the Nintendo World Championships, they're having qualifiers
for the 2017 championships. The qualifier will be Mario Kart 7, and you're gonna have to play it in
time trails. They have two different age brackets. So, hold up, aren't we up to Mario Kart 8? But,
we can't forget about the 3DS, the true portable system that they have, the brand new portable
system from Nintendo. I see. Okay, continue. I mean, I don't know why they didn't just do this.
That was the first thing I noticed when I went to that page. I was like, Mario Kart 7? Is that a
typo? Aren't they supposed to be selling the new one, Mario Kart 8? You'd think, but I don't know.
Is that because there haven't been quality 3DS games in a long time? Oh, yeah, I went there. I
sure did. I'm also just being a little shady. It gets you hyped about Mario Kart 7 Deluxe on the
Switch. Don't even. Don't even. Alright, fair enough. Look, look, I'll stop being shady for it.
I get a lot of kids probably still play the portable one. Alright, whatever, cool. Yeah,
so they're gonna do it in two age brackets. There's gonna be 12 and younger and 13 and older,
and of course these are gonna be located at Best Buy in select cities. So August 19th and 20th,
you can do that at New York and San Jose, 26th and 27th, Chicago and LA, September 2nd and 3rd,
Minneapolis and Dallas, and finally September 9th and 10th, Seattle and Miami. And then from there,
if you do happen to make it in there, then you actually, I guess, get to go to the actual
championships, wherever the hell that's supposed to be. And they do have a specific race that
you're doing. I want to say Luigi's Mansion, and I guess the younger players will get to play
as Mario, and then the older players of the race is Bowser, or race Bowser's Castle as Bowser.
So it's already set, so you know it's not going to be a surprise. You know exactly what you have to
do. Yeah. Then it's not a special cartridge like the old school championship. They should make them
play old ass games. Make them play the fucking old ass world championship game. Well they might,
in the finals. Fuck the finals. That should be the actual qualifier. That's what it was.
That was the qualifier. What about, what about, here's a perfect, here's a perfect medium. What
about NES Remix? How about a new game? Well that, well that may show up. Didn't, wasn't the whole
point when they brought it back a couple years ago, wasn't the whole point to introduce Mario
Maker. And that ended up being like the last level, right? Was they played Mario Maker,
because there was those memes where the guy went through the door, and like there was all these
like, he was like nope, and he noped out. Remember that? No, that was, yeah, because what Kevin
Pereira was hosting, and he did a competent job and all that. He was good. And yeah, so I remember
that. There was Mario Maker was a big thing. So this kind of has a lot of people asking,
what are they pushing with this? Zelda Maker, please Zelda Maker, or Metroid Maker, or,
or Super Smash Brothers. This seems to be the wrong forum to... Smash Maker? I don't know.
What, that's the big question with your mind, like don't, don't get me wrong. I'm,
I think it's cool that, this tournament should have always been here. With their track record,
it's gonna be fucking Pikmin Maker or some shit like that, ain't it? Stop. Terrible Pikmin. Let's
release multiple games for that, but Metroid and F-Zero, fuck those guys. Well, we do know,
okay, so they're advertising, if you go to Best Buy to do the tournament and all this stuff,
you get to play, they will have Mario Odyssey there, as well as the new Metroid 2 game on 3DS,
the new, you know, the, the one that they're Metroid, not Metroid 0, but Metroid 2 in 0
style, right? On the 3DS, that whole thing. So both those games are going to be there.
By the time it gets to the last city there, it's practically out anyways. I mean,
I guess it's, that's cool that they're doing, I, whatever, that's fine that they're doing that.
Is Mario Odyssey the big title? Is that, is this whole thing to push Mario Odyssey?
Is that going to be the last game played? I don't think, but like, if you think about the people
that are going to be competing in these championships or whatever, they're going to
buy these games anyways. It's not really drawing in like, you know, it's not like, you know,
back in the day when they showed the world championships and that was part of the wizard,
you know, and then people are like, oh shit, you know, fucking competition. And it's like,
oh no, it's real too. You can actually go try it. And they were like all the, um, it wasn't
Blockbuster now. They had, well, Blockbuster was a different one. They had that actually with, uh,
it was like fighting games and stuff. Was that the world championships and Nintendo one or is that
something separate? I don't remember. I feel like Blockbuster did their own thing at one point.
Yeah, because they had their own thing with like, it was clay fighters and fucking NBA Jam.
And the one year was, uh, the Ninja Turtles fighting game. They remember they had that.
And I remember trying that cause I hated NBA Jam, but, um, I like strong with you. I love NBA Jam.
I just wasn't good at sports games are not my thing. Sports games usually aren't my thing
either, but the NES and the SNES era had like some of the best fucking sports games between
like blades of steel, even the original ice hockey, uh, NBA Jam, like all those games were
awesome. What's wrong with you? They should make them play really old games that are like,
I don't know, kids. Well, they are, they have to play Mario Kart seven Logie.
That's that's retro. Now she's pretty old. I think I was selling Mario Kart seven.
Vid power in chat says it's surprising that qualifiers are playing Mario Kart seven,
a game from 2011. That's when that game came out. That's that old. Yeah.
Yeah. Jesus sure is. So, and you know, but, but you know, all this tongue in cheek stuff about
the world championships aside, I mean the games they're pushing Mario Odyssey and, and, you know,
Metroid return to Samus, I'm going to have both those games day one, day one, you better believe
it. I'm here for both of that. It's going to be awesome. So obviously it looks good. I mean, I,
in doing it wrong, I just wouldn't buy a system for, um, the Metro game. I mean, the Metro game
looks fantastic. I just, I just can't purchase a system for those games. And don't get me wrong.
I think, I think it's neat that the Nintendo world championships, like they're doing it again,
but it's just, it's just weird timing. I'm not sure what is it they're pushing unless there's
a surprise, but I'm not going to set pushing e-sports, e-sports man, e-sports, Nintendo can
be sports. I'm not, I'm not going to set my expectation bar very high for an unveiling or
anything like that. Um, but why, why did they put it on ice for like what, 25 years, 1990 to 2015,
right? They put on ice for 25 years and then they decided to bring it back, skip a year,
two years later. This is, it's just weird. Like I just don't, okay. I mean, but I guess
I shouldn't complain. Mario Kart 7 just wasn't ready for 2015. Ooh. But if I did want to set the
bar in fan wank territory, you ready for this? Ready for this? Maybe. Cause you talk about old
games. You keep saying that you need to play old games and this thing. What if this whole thing is
how they finally unveil, not just like the virtual console thing, but Nintendo's whole
Nintendo online program with the eight bit rewards. What if the twist is they play?
Why are you laughing so fucking hard? I'm laughing because like, I can just see it now. Yeah,
we're going to play this game. We had to download it first off of the Nintendo network. Oh, fuck.
Nintendo network. Those are the, those all go together. This will never work.
The game, the game gets lag and lags console. It's like a digital download. It's not playing.
And the final game is excite bike, but you'll be playing it across the internet. Here we go.
Connecting, connecting the final game is excite bike. You actually have to play it though from
a system that is from the era with the original excite bike. They've been stored in a garage
and they're fucking dusty as hell. You got blow this shit out of that in order to get that thing
to work before you can actually play excite. Well, I will practice my blowing skills in the
meantime, then Loki is that president. He pulled out an air canister. Is this against rules? I'm
going to allow it. Is it better to blow than suck? Why does he have chapstick? All right. Uh,
let's move on to another story. Girl. Let's talk about a different company.
I want to talk about, uh, Microsoft and some of the things they're doing because, uh,
Hey, we, we have a soft spot in our hearts for the Xbox live indie games, right? Which was the
XNA games on three 16. The reason why we love it so much was because of bungee ferret tossing,
which was a game among other things, which was a game of Y Y R made that, you know, features
our little logo in it and you know, all that stuff. So 360, can't forget plugged for all
the Y Y R games falling was there too. So plug, plug. Uh, but then there was also like,
there was just some real dumpster fire games available. Also some games that were pretty
shitty, but they're still entertaining the play. Like there was like all the Minecraft clones
games that are so bad. They're good. Yeah. They had some decent stuff on there. Like I bought
some games on there. Well, we knew that the program is going away. In fact, I believe it's,
I think it's next month. It's done. Like you can't buy games anymore as of like next month.
As long as I can still play them. That's well, once they're downloaded to your console,
I'm pretty sure, you know, they're there forever. Uh, even as I have a download,
even game room, you can still do that. But, um, yeah, I'm pretty sure you can still do that.
It's just, you can't buy any new ones. So a lot of people have been asking is,
is Microsoft ever going to replace this? What's the deal? Well, it turns out, yes. Uh, there is
going to be a different version of this. That's coming to Xbox one and windows 10. It's called the
creators collection. Um, so I believe it's going to use unity now instead of XNA. So that's,
you know, a big change, but a lot of games are made in unity now. So, you know, that shouldn't
be a huge surprise that they're kind of getting away from the XNA. Um, so, uh, ID at Xbox,
the director of that has explained this as the creators program was established to enable
developers to directly publish their games, any of their games to Xbox one and windows 10 PCs
with a simplified certification process and no concept approval required developers that
published through the creators program have the freedom and independence to develop games that
are truly unique, resulting in a collection with games that can be quirky and have varying degrees
of Polish, but are always interesting. Um, that is such the politically correct way of saying,
get ready for some crap. That's the way they're saying like, yeah, we really want to promote your
independence and creativity. It's more of, we just don't want to fucking curate any of that
shit. Well, there's like, you know, Nazi propaganda or something. Yeah. I mean,
we may get around to taking that out of there, but like, we don't fucking care.
I can put a body simulator 2017. Let's do it. Why not? Oh, that's already a thing. So yeah,
obviously no. And to be, you know, I'm talking about like, wow, it's just going to be this
wasteland of garbage. I mean, to be fair, the iTunes app store and Google play are very similar.
There's a lot of fucking waste land of garbage, but there are some diamonds in the rough.
Obviously there are apps that we use every single day. There are games like,
yeah. Like for example, we don't judge steam by it's, you know,
buy everything that's on it because there's a lot of shit on there, but overall it's decent.
Same with this, this, we should give you the benefit of the doubt because yes, there will be
a lot of crap on it, but guess what? You don't have to buy the crap. Yeah. So it's going to be
interesting to see what comes of this, but I mean, to be fair, like this is, you could publish your
game. Loki, you always hype that you talk about your game here on the show. Now you have a place
where you could put it and people could actually play it. We could, I'm not, I don't, I think we
can, we would be able to make a VOG app, I think. Right. Like something where you could like,
listen to VOG through Xbox one. I mean, if it would let you do that, you can already do that
with tune in anyway, maybe not. Cause it might not be able to let you go online. I guess you'd have
to stick with the tune in app to do that, but, uh, well flappy fog could be a standalone game,
right? But it could, it could, if Bobby, the creator wanted to, it shouldn't.
What was the line from Jurassic park? Just because they could, nobody stopped themselves
to ever ask if they should. They shouldn't. Uh, let's see. SSU 100 Matt and chat over
at live.vognetwork.com says how fast until the first porn game comes out already being created.
Well, they can't cause that's against the rules, but I mean, there's, there's, there's way highly,
highly suggestive like finds a way romance simulator 2017 or, or, um, vibrating controller.
Exactly. It's all about the massage controllers because that's a thing.
That's right. Exactly. All right. So we have that to look forward to as much as we tease it,
you know, they're like, there are a few like real diamonds that turn out of these places,
you know, and there are indie games of a level like, you know, that kind of come up through
these ranks. Like, uh, like Stardew Valley was an indie game. That's, you know, huge everywhere
now. Five nights at Freddy's was made in a game creator software thing. And I was huge is
everywhere, you know? So it's not to say that just because it's this wasteland is that everything is
going to be garbage, but you also have to rely on, you also have to recognize that some of the
things you may make are terrible and really shouldn't be released on a commercial platform
like this or anywhere at all. I wouldn't say anywhere at all. There's, there's places for it,
but like some things that people make, like, especially if they're just like,
I'm just going to cobble together a bunch of pre-made assets into like this very basic game
that doesn't really function and I'm going to sell it for money that no, don't do that.
Please do not do that. Please do not do that. Cause they, I've seen plenty of those games
covered. There's plenty of them on steam and they're garbage and it just, you're better than
that. To register participation for this week's episode of orange lounge radio at vognetwork.com
use the passphrase sword as 200. Matt says the techno kitten adventure games. I'll remember when
that was new and shiny and fun. Whatever happened to that? I think he's, I feel like he sold it to
somebody else. Yeah. They kind of, they kind of ran it in the ground. All right. Anyway,
let's move on. Dar Sakura. How about a, how about a different story?
Yes. Um, well, I, um, I brought this up when we talked to Bobby, but do you remember the, um,
the Metroid two remake, um, that Nintendo requested to be taken down?
Of course I do. Cause I was, you know, well, I would say I was mad, but it's one of those
things where it's like, well, we were just all waiting to see how long it was going to take.
Am I right? But it's on the internet, so it's always on the internet. That's right.
Well, um, the, uh, creator of this fan game, Milton, I'm going to mispronounce last name
glass. Um, just got hired by, uh, moon studios to work on, um, the sequel to Ori and the blind
forest. So, which is going to be called Ori and the will of the wisps. So that's pretty cool. Um,
basically they really like what they did. They said he was a quote, incredible talent. And, uh,
he passed whatever test that they gave him with flying colors and decided to, uh, hire him because
he quote gets it. So kind of a happy ending in a way. I mean, what's interesting about Ori too,
is that it's, it's a bit of a Metroidvania type of game in itself. I mean, obviously it has a very
different look to it and the way it plays and everything, but it's a bit of a Metroidvania game.
So it's not too off the beaten path from Metroid. So interesting how there was a legitimacy to this
game, like big time. And now this guy has a career out of it, which it isn't the first,
well, I don't know about fan games like this, but I'm thinking about like, um,
well I think in mods, like obviously like Dota 2 came from even that, like the Skyrim mods and
stuff. They've had a lot of people that made some of the major Skyrim mods or even, I think even
more for that oblivion mods that went on to make, you know, other things for the game, like worked
on some of the expansions and stuff, or now because Bethesda is pushing it, they can make
that paid DLC mods shit that they're doing. Don't forget that. That's still a thing. Thank you,
Bethesda. Well, I think, you know what though? Good for him. He was able to take a bad situation
for him. I mean, a cease and desist is no fun and turning it into something good. So congrats.
And a lot of us already downloaded the remake. Exactly. You didn't really stop anybody,
but okay. Wink, wink, nudge, nudge. All right, moving on. Logie.
So Capcom just recently released Mega Man Legacy Collection 2. And with that, of course,
like the last one, they had like an art gallery, which featured concept art from various games that
were featured in the collection. However, there was one piece of artwork that was filed under
Mega Man 8 that people were like, wait a second. This doesn't look like anything that was in Mega
Man 8. What the hell is this? And so people are wondering that this may not actually be Mega Man
8. It may be something that's for another Mega Man game, because the art style for one is not,
doesn't resemble Mega Man 8. It actually resembles character design from like the Mega Man Battle
Network games. And so it kind of features Mega Man with this giant kind of segmented hand
instead of his, you know, you know, Buster arm or something like that. So that's kind of neat.
Hopefully it's a teaser for a new game. I don't know. I mean,
who knows what it is? And Capcom's made mistakes before, so.
Or was it just something where they were making a different game? Because, you know, obviously
between Mega Man 6 and 7, they shifted platforms, right? 7 was on the Super Nintendo. And then
between 7 and 8, it shifted over to PlayStation. So, and then, you know, there was a big long
period between 8 and 9. The series was essentially done after 8. And then it didn't, it didn't come
back, excuse me, until it was, oh, Retro is cool again. And the download stuff when Mega Man 9
happened and they kind of went back to that Retro era. So maybe this was something that was being
planned after 8, like the first Mega Man 9 that was maybe really supposed to be a continuation,
that just ended up getting canned or something. Who knows? But like, we still don't know what it
is and people are kind of letting their minds wander. That's what it is. Fanwank! Fanwank,
of course. Yay! Of course. Why not? All right, moving on. Speaking of fanwank, hey, fanwank
sometimes leads to some good things. Like, you know, again, kind of a running theme here. You
got the Metroid 2 guy that got the job doing Ori and the Blind Forest sequel. Well, Sonic Mania
is on its way. And if I remember right, didn't Sonic Mania kind of come from a fan project?
Yeah, it's a fan made game, actually. Yeah. So Sonic Mania is now a legit SEGA release that's
about to happen. And that's pretty cool. In fact, part of Sonic Mania, which is coming out,
it's coming out next week for almost everybody, except the PC version got delayed a couple more
weeks. But they're doing this thing where if you had already preordered it, you get Sonic 1 for
free on Steam or you get a key to give to somebody else if you already have it. Like, they're trying
to really apologize for that. But I guess some of the optimizations have to be tweaked out.
Looks good. Yeah, no, it does look really good. Have you seen the intro yet? Yeah, I have. I want
to check it out. Yeah, the intro looks fantastic. I mean, this is like this is how you put together
a Sonic game. Yeah, I'm excited to try it. And then I don't know if you saw this, you see some
of the video of the competitive multiplayer, because it looks exactly like it did in like
Sonic 2 with like the squeezy screen and everything like that. So yeah, you can actually challenge
your friends locally and play that. So that's that's really cool. So in fact, I'm trying to
see if I can get a picture of it here in the studio for you guys. Yeah, there it is. So you
can see it's like squishy, like the old like it used to look when you play Sonic 2 on the TV. So
that's really cool. So yeah, I'm excited for Sonic Mania. Darsaka, you like Sonic 2. Is this
something that catches your eye? You want to check this out? Maybe? All right. We talked about it.
Yeah, it might happen. Might happen. All right. The best part about it, though, is it's not a
full price game either. It's only $19.99. I like that. The price is right. And it's polished.
For sure. All right. Just a few more stories for you guys than the classic Game of the Week.
Darsaka? Well, you know, when we were kids, didn't you ever want to live in an arcade?
Sure. I could just crawl in a Star Wars sit down cabinet and just sleep there, right?
Hey, what would except those Chuck E. Cheese animatronics are kind of creepy.
Oh, yeah. No, that that would have been hell. Yeah. People probably don't. The kids today
probably don't have that fantasy because now we know that those animatronics come
alive at night and will kill you. Exactly. So maybe maybe kids today don't have that
fantasy like we used to have Darsira. Yeah. Well, anyway, it was reported by
Kobe Shimbun that a 30 year old person named Maihara Kazuki was arrested for trespassing
after they found him living between arcade cabinets at a game center in Kobe.
Between arcade cabinets? Well, yeah, I would reckon, you know, or maybe like how they have
some of them in a row, like a long row or in the circular setup, like some of the I mean,
I've never, of course, been to Kobe, much less a game center in Kobe. So I'm not sure.
But the same guy was also accused of robbery, having broken into a local junior high
and to steal money in P.E. uniforms. You know what, though? Those are being sold
to perverts. Well, no, hold up, because the girls bloomers maybe or it sounds like this guy might
just be homeless. And maybe that's how he was finding clothes to wear. You know, like, I don't
want to be at all like Debbie Downer, but this kind of sounds like this is a little more about
some guy who was just, you know, doing questionable things in the eyes of the law because he was
homeless as what it's what it's what it appears to be. Of course, I don't know any of the facts.
We stole about one point to three million yen, which is right. A little over eleven grand.
So. But yeah, I can't know. Yeah. Living in an arcade, probably not a good way to be
unnoticed, probably. Yeah. So unless I don't know if I was a Dave and Busters, I would crawl in that
giant life sized crane machine. I think that would be the place for it. But yes, the stuffed
animals would keep me warm. Exactly. We hide. So there you go anyway. All right. Well, look, I hope
this guy is OK and gets whatever help he needs. So we'll see. All right. Moving on. How about how
about how about something else about the police? Loki, let's let's keep let's keep a theme going
here. Who else got arrested? So there's a company that's in Santa Clara, California,
um, by the name of the coin up store. And they were selling counterfeit
Pac-Man and Galaga and tank battalion machines. So they were creating forgeries of those and
selling them as new. And apparently they were also selling cabinets containing 60 to 3000 counterfeit
games preload on them, which I mean, like, fuck, there's like so many retailers out there that sell
the multi cart things. Wasn't one of the people arrested in Folsom, which is here locally,
not that far from almost feel like when I read that story, like, because there's a whole group
of people all throughout California. I know there's a I know there's a a kind of a main cabinet
classic arcade in quotes, you know, company that is in full. Yes. And one of the people arrested
was in Folsom because they do sell those multi cars. Fuck, I had one. I bought one of those
carts for Neo Geo 60 to 60 in one cart for my arcade cabinet when I got in it.
Well, I, I remember, okay, I was looking for, I think at some point I got a bug where I was
looking for a baby Pac-Man machine. Remember I came really close. Like, remember that dark
sucker. I actually was like, can I talk to Dan? Because I know he's really serious about this
collecting and, and remember there was one, I was like really serious about cause it was here
locally and I almost did it. But when I was looking for that and then I ultimately decided
not to do it because there would have been a big risk involved with that. Um, I was looking at
maybe a cocktail machine, right? Cause those are those cocktail cabinets, right? The sit down ones,
right? Cause I remember there was a yogurt store when I was growing up that had like a Ms. Pac-Man
cocktail and a time pilot cocktail. So I'd like to have one of those. I think it would be fun.
Um, yeah, so it was one person, one of the individuals was from Folsom. Yeah. So I was
like, so I was looking for cocktail cabinets and like a whole bunch of this, like 60 games,
3000 games, all this stuff was coming up and it was being sold in Folsom. And I was like,
Oh, that's not that far from here at all. Somebody must be putting together main cabinets and selling
them in Folsom. Yeah. Those are the ones he was selling was actually main cabinets. These are,
the thing is like, well, typically some are legit. You can do like an ultra,
there's an ultra K type thing that's legit. So I'm not saying that all these multi games and,
you know, one things are not legit. There's plenty of these ultra cadence things. I think even Costco
sold something like this for a while. I want to say, um, you know, like websites,
there's several like arcade game websites that sell legit cabinets. Like when I was looking for
like, um, DVR cabinets and stuff, there's some websites that it'll sell those and they'll sell
these multi-cart things, which aren't legit, but you know, I don't know. Uh, Stoppy in chat says
Folsom. Well, at least they won't have to travel far. I think that's a, might be a joke about the
prison that they have in Folsom, which is kind of infamous because of a certain country,
Western singer that, uh, did a very famous concert there. Um, but, um, yeah, I mean,
well, all those, usually, uh, if I don't know, would that be considered a federal offense at
that point? Because they were selling those cabinets probably all across the country.
Um, because the federal offense, I think gets you taken somewhere else. I don't know. All right.
Well, anyway. All right. Uh, let's move on. I got one more story for you guys before we get to the
classic game of the week. And this is about a classic game of sorts in itself. Uh, Blizzard
is working on apparently still Warcraft three. That's right. 15 years after the release of
Warcraft three, there are some changes coming to Warcraft three. There is a public test realm
that is being, uh, I guess piloted for Warcraft three. Uh, so this is going to be testing new map
pools for one versus one, two V two, three V three and four V four multiplayer. There's also
supposed to be updates that address slow matchmaking. I, I can't imagine there's tons.
I guess there, I guess Warcraft three probably is slow matchmaking compared to like when that
originally came out over dial up. Most people probably, I think your expectations are maybe
a little too high. I guess there's probably still a big enough audience for this though.
Probably especially globally. Sometimes I have to remind myself that in other countries,
sometimes the technology and everything, cause the computers might not be as easy to get as
they are here. So sometimes like, you know, especially in other countries,
this stuff is still popular. So I think that's something I have to remind myself.
Um, but anyway, some updates that address slow matchmaking, lag, automated tournaments and
ladder board, all of this being planned as well. Now, to be fair, Blizzard did patch
not that long ago, Diablo two, I think was patched. So this isn't unheard of for Blizzard
to go back and update old games, but it is still kind of one of those. Wow. A public test realm
for a game that's that old must be a testament to the staying power of things like this. Right?
For sure. It's also good. A lot of good will for your company
in the year that you're releasing a Starcraft makeover, let us not forget. Blizzard is doing
this Starcraft HD. Uh, they don't want to call it a remake because they're, they're,
they're swearing by it is Starcraft. The only thing we have changed is the graphics pretty much
so that, but that whole release is out this year too. So something to look forward to,
maybe this is to, uh, well make people aware of that. I mean, retro is nice and all, but
the kind of, it's like the Hollywood, okay, we run out of ideas. Let's just remake everything.
Well, but Starcraft is kind of in its own league. I mean, even with Starcraft two,
the original Starcraft is still as big as it is. You know what I mean? So yeah,
there's that to consider. All right. Well, speaking of classic games like Warcraft three,
it's time for the classic game of the week. And I think our soccer found a game that's even older.
So she's going to step into the game and find a game that she thinks is worthy of your attention
this week. Dark Sakura, what is the classic game of the week this week? The New Zealand story.
Have you ever heard of it? I have. I don't know if I want to spoil how I heard, but it was in a,
it was in a retro game collection I had on Xbox, basically. I think it was Xbox. Well,
the New Zealand story came out in 1988 in the arcades and it was developed and published by
Taito. You play as a kiwi named Tiki, a little kiwi bird, who has to save his girlfriend Fifi
and other kiwi friends who have been kiwi napped by a blue leopard seal.
And so you have to go through the levels, which are kind of mazish and trap different or rescue
different kiwis that are trapped in the cage. So you basically have to get Tiki through the level,
avoiding fire and spice because Tiki only takes one hit, and save each of his little kiwi friends.
And you get different weaponry. You can get arrows, but you also can change them into bombs,
lasers, or bouncing fireballs because, as we know, kiwi are known for their projectiles.
Yes, I was, I was just thinking about that the other day, actually.
Um, but each of these, um, weapons have, of course, different, uh, different abilities. You also
can ride different vehicles, like balloons, blimps, and UFOs, because also, a little known fact,
kiwi travel to outer space a lot. Anyway. And you can steal them, so kiwi are also notorious vehicle
thieves. Um, look out for them kiwis. The levels are pretty big. Um, they scroll in multiple
directions. You have to explore all over the place. Um, just really, really expansive. Um,
and you have warp portals as well that take you to hidden parts of the game. And then, um,
you sometimes, if you get killed by a projectile weapon in later levels, you get spent,
you get sent to heaven, because all good kiwis go to heaven. Um. Where do bad kiwis go? Up your
butt. You also can get a special, um, ending for playing through the heaven rod of the game.
Um, there were, um. What the hell? I'm sorry, he just got eaten by a whale. Yeah. He had to
shoot his way out of the whale. Yeah. What kind of drugs are these people on? Pinocchio drugs.
Well, let's see. The kiwi's real name is Jonah. There we go. Um, you also, though, have, like,
some things that we've seen in other games. If you take too long to clean the level, you get a hurry
up warning, and you can get a power up by collecting letters that spell extend, like from Bubble
Bobble. Um, the game did have conversions, um, to other, uh, to, uh, home units. Um,
Ocean Software did computer versions, um, as well. There was the, um, NES version was put up by
Software Creations, um, and, uh, it was published, um, in the PAL regions by Ocean.
Um, but in North America, it was released, sorry, published by Taito as Kiwi Craze,
with a K, instead of the New Zealand story. Um, it was also included in the Amiga 500 Batman pack
that came out in September 1989. Because Kiwi teams up with Batman, apparently. And rides UFOs
and steals things. Um, we did have conversions that came out on the FM Towns and the Sharp
X68000 systems. Um, there was a Sega Mega Drive version that only came out in Japan,
um, that was based off of the prototype version of the arcade game. And then, in more recent days,
we've had the Taito Legends pack that brought it out for Xbox, PS2, and PSP, and PC. That's
where I played it, finally. It was the Taito Legends pack, yeah. The PC Engine port, um,
was released for Wii Virtual Console in Japan. Um, Tiki the Kiwi also appears in other Taito
games, such as Liquid Kids, Bubble Symphony, and also, uh, Fifi is in Bubble Symphony,
and Pop and Pop. And let's be real, oughta be a character in Smash Brothers, am I right?
With his stealing of things. Yes. And bombs. Um, the game was remade, um, in, uh, 2007 by
Rising Star Games as an Nintendo DS remake titled New Zealand Story Revolution, um, came out in
Australia and Europe. In North America, it was, uh, published, um, hold on, yeah, as New Zealand
Story Revolution as well. In Japan, it was released as New Zealand Story DS. And it has,
it uses the dual screens for showing you different areas, and you use the touch screen to open doors,
and, uh, use secret buttons, or actually flicking Tiki to safety. Um, you also have a four player
wireless mode, um, normal and expert game modes, and, um, better graphics and better background
music. Um, Tiki can also take several hits and can shoot at an angle. Um, the game was considered,
uh, pretty well across the board, considered addicting, although, um, the, uh, Sinclair versions,
or sorry, the ZX Spectrum versions were considered not as great. Um, the Nintendo DS1 received
pretty average reception, um, but they said that some of the special, uh, features they put in it
were poorly implemented. And there you go. All right, there it is, your classic game of the week,
the New Zealand story. I think that we should adopt, um, was it actually from New Zealand,
though? He was a Kiwi. That's about as, unless hobbits run by, I won't believe it. I just feel
like it might be false advertising, that this story was not actually from New Zealand. Maybe
we should adopt Tiki as our mascot. But we have the ferret. The ferret is dead.
I actually do have another ferret somewhere, somewhere. We'll have to find that and bring
that. There was like four or five of them at one time. There was the wolf ferret and like the,
the other ferret, they weren't really ferrets, but they were, I'm sure there's one in a box somewhere.
I'm going to order another one. And like a Nintendog, it will still be there waiting for
me when I find it. I found one of my Nintendog swag from E3. Like it still has the little like
card on it and everything. We'll stab it and say for the watch. All right, look, we're going to
take a break. When we come back with more of Orange Lounge Radio, rapid fire news and what?
It is a well-known fact that a Tiki do carry an arrow to dinner.
We'll be back with more of such wit here at Orange Lounge Radio,
your calls as well at Orange Lounge Radio on Skype and any emails. I don't know if we got
any, but we'll do any emails we have. When we come back after this quick break with more of
Orange Lounge Radio, right after this. Welcome back everybody to Orange Lounge
Radio. Live tonight, episode number 696 for this, August the 13th of 2017.
Wow. We're looking almost at episode number 700 coming up in a few weeks. It's probably,
let's see next week is 7, 696, 698. Then after Dragon Con is gonna be 699. So it's gonna be
about mid September would be episode number 700 at this point, if you can believe it.
Yeah, it's coming up that quick. What was supposed to be, it would have been the week before Dragon
Con. I think if we had, you know, the hiatus hadn't happened. So, yeah, that sounds about right,
mid September. So we'll have to see if we can do anything special for. I should talk to our pals
over at the, the square one thing and see if we can do like a live thing. I think it would be fun
so that we could open it up and have some people show up. Would anybody show up though? I don't
know. We'll see. There's gotta be some, we'll have to invite some people like, Hey, you should come.
So we'll get some game bang or something. Yeah, yeah, sure. Why not? Why some of our local
podcasting pals? Why not? I think it would be fun. I think they just, they actually specifically,
I think 100 or 200. Yeah. So yeah, just recently. So congrats to them. Cool. Awesome. Yeah. Good
for them. That's a, there's not a lot of shows that get past 10. Let me tell you. So good,
good for them. Fat pokey stop. I think barely got past 10. All right. Let's get into some rapid
fire news. Oh yeah. Good. Thank you. Chatters. Act Def points out just in time for Loki's birthday.
That's right. That would be right. Can't have episode six, six, six, but I'll take 700.
There you go. Why not? Actually is your birthday on a Sunday this year? It's on a Monday. Oh act.
Oh no, that's a six 99 is going to be the 10th. So it would be a, I think September 17th is the
date we're looking at because September 3rd is going to be when I'm away at dragon con. So
it looks like it'll be September 17th. So I'm sick again. Yeah. Unless who knows what might
happen, but let's, let's not think like that. Let's think instead about some rapid fire news.
Loki. All right. So this was kind of an unexpected gift, I guess, but rez rez infinite made its way
out to PC this week. Um, it's pretty cool and totally unexpected, but yeah, they have it now.
It's available on steam. You can get it at 1999. They include a course, you know, the bonus DLC,
which is that area area X, which doesn't really bonus DLC. It's kind of included with the game,
but you know, whatever. Um, it does also support VR. Um, and of course being that's PC 60 FPS
gameplay and 4k resolution, uh, compatibility. Nice. Yeah. That's almost a reason to buy it
right there for the 4k and the, the, all that, all those mods. So, I mean, that is something
that's worth checking out. Um, and of course, you know, along with that, uh, some more stuff coming
to the switch, uh, including the Jack box party packs one and two, those will be coming on the
switch on the 17th. So, uh, later this week. Very soon. Very soon. Yeah. That's awesome.
I think those games will do very well on the switch unless people already bought them other
places, but I'm sure there's a new audience. Maybe they didn't. Well, they have party pack four
scheduled to release later this year. Yeah. They were unveiling some of the games. I guess the only
game coming back for the fourth one is a pivot three, three, uh, the, all the other games are
new. Uh, I know they were previewing one called monster seeking monster, which I thought was
funny. I want a sequel to the one that was that killer one effort. Trivia murder party. Yeah.
Trivia murder party. They can do a standalone of that. I bet like a, you don't know Jack style
thing. That would be a good TV show. You know how they did the, you don't know Jack thing. I think
that would be funny. Trivia murder party would be a fun TV show. Yeah. Be like super kid. Like,
cause obviously you don't kill people on TV, but be like a super campy like clue type of thing.
I mean you can get celebrity guests or something like that. You just have it like silly.
Why not? Well, actually, actually now I think about it in, I don't know if you guys ever saw
this, Jamie, this sounds like something up your alley. You might've seen, did you know over on
the other side of the pond over in Britain, they had clue as it were Cluedo as they call it over
there. They had it as TV show. It was a full on because I'm Joanna Lumley was Ms. Peacock for
one season and they would actually do these full like acting scenes. And then the contestants would
actually like grill the contestants about what was because they were trying to solve
basically the murder. So, I mean, not that obviously that is totally in common with trivia
murder party, but, but murder on a game show on TV has been done before. That's my point.
It would be funny. I think it'd be funny. Yes, for sure. All right. Uh, let's see,
going to chat over at live.vognetwork.com. Uh, Bobby Blackwell says trivia murder party is the
game all my friends want to play. And I can't get it out of my head that the announcer for,
and this is not, everybody's going to understand this, but you're just gonna have to bear with me.
The announcer for trivia murder party is Travis Donovan doing the DJ Satan thing. Like it is,
I swear to God, like it's like every time I'm playing trivia murder party, I feel like it's
Travis Donovan is DJ Satan. Like makes it even better. I know it kind of does. It kind of does.
Uh, anyway, uh, let's see. Dark Tetsuya says, uh, does anyone remember who done it?
Which was like the mole, but a murder mystery. Yes. That was just a couple of years ago on ABC.
That was a, that was a neat show. I liked that. You know, it was kind of, it kind of had a bad
ending though, because not to get too far into game show chat, but too late. The girl that lost,
that was the runner up knew who the killer was from episode one. And because she did the worst
in the final challenge, she got beaten by the guy who had yet to pick the right killer. So it was
like, it kind of got ruined by that. But anyway, sorry. I'm totally digressing into something that
I don't think anybody actually watched. Okay. Vid power says I watched every episode of it.
So you know what I'm talking about? Like the ending didn't make sense. Oh, well. Anyway.
Uh, it's, it seemed like, um, whoever the killer was in that show, it didn't fucking matter. Like
it was just about the crimes every time. Anyway. All right. I wish that show would come back
though. Actually the mole, since you brought it up, that's like seriously one of my all time
favorite game shows. And it, it really blows my mind that they can't seem to get that show
well-rated. I realized the original mole was kind of around, I think that the season one did fine.
And then season two happened right around nine 11. So it got, cause Anderson Cooper hosted it
and it was like, it was sassy Anderson Cooper, like rolling my eyes in a GIF Anderson Cooper
that was hosting that show. And that's what made it so awesome. So then they tried to bring it
back with like a couple of celebrity versions. Kathy Griffin was on one, which was great,
but then they did, um, they had like another season with, I think they had a sports commentator
guy hosting and it just, it just wasn't the same. It wasn't the same. They need to get a SAS master
to host the mole and bring it back. Cause that show is bomb. So it was awesome.
We can get William Shatner, the hosted like he did rescue nine one one.
Why? I don't know about, we don't have, we don't have, we are Robert stack. He would have been,
you know, perfect. I don't know who a good host for the mole would be. Why not? Let's,
let's let a lady try it. You know, it's been, it's been a bunch of guys. Why not? Let's let
a lady try it and maybe it can be a little, uh, little, um, sassy with it. I don't know.
I just don't know who I would see in that role. Aisha Tyler. Yeah. Aisha Tyler. Why not? That's
my go-to game show host. Cause she does great with, um, uh, the whose line is it anyway? Yeah.
There you go. That's there. I think I used to Tyler for a reboot of the mole cause she can be
funny, but doesn't like, doesn't have to be funny. You know what I mean? She can kind of
play it serious, but anyway, all right, I'm going way too far down this rabbit hole with
H. John Benjamin. So we can just get the, the Lana and Archer back and forth. Uh, let's see,
uh, looking at chat over at live.voggenetwork.com. Uh, some folks are, okay. I'm, I'm glad that folks
are with the change in here because Bobby Black Wolf says John Barrowman. Okay. Now talk about
a SaaS master and then Bobby Black Wolf also mentioned Aisha Tyler. So we're, we're, I guess,
uh, we're on the same page here. Let's see. A vid power says a SaaS Anderson Cooper was great.
Absolutely. The mole was great before it became celebrity moles as Kaijuto and Kaijuto says,
I will only settle for a Brit as the host of the mole. What about Anne Robinson from the
weakest link? What the hell is she doing anymore? I don't know, but she does. She had that one thing
where whatever happened to her, right? I don't know. You guys don't remember the weakest link,
right? Yeah. Yeah. I mean, I think it ran longer overseas in Britain than it did here, but it was,
it was big for like a hot minute here. Like that same year survivor blew up here in the U S which
is still on all these years later. Like the, the weakest link was huge for like two years.
And then it was kind of on that. Who wants to, who wants to be a millionaire still thing? I mean,
I think that's still around. It was on daytime TV. Meredith Vieira hosted it for the longest time.
And then I want to say it went to Cedric the entertainer was hosting it, but I don't know if
it's still doing new episodes and I might be wrong on the host. I don't know. It's like
in syndication, but like it was kind of building off of that hype. So, yeah. Yeah. So there you go.
Oh, Raging. Oh, Ragingator says Greg Proops. Yes. Ragingator, that might be the best comment you've
ever made on this program. He should host it doing the voice he does for Karl Lagerfeld.
I love it. Greg Proops is a great idea. But he has to do the Karl Lagerfeld voice.
Yeah. I love it. All right. Moving on. Let's move on. We got to get back into the actual
gaming news. Oh yes. Rapid fire news. The quickly done segments. Let's talk about Overwatch.
Speaking of death, uh, coming to Overwatch is, uh, death matches coming to Overwatch.
So, um, uh, death matches are coming to Overwatch in the, uh, developer update video, uh, explained
that Overwatch is going to be getting free for all and team deathmatch modes. Uh, so this objective,
uh, like an other free, uh, or excuse me, other first person shooter games is to get more kills
than the opponents. Now, this is a big deal though, because Overwatch was kind of sold as
I am not that kind of game. And now it is that kind of, yeah, I kind of worry that it's not
balanced for that. It is totally isn't. I don't know how that's gonna work because like,
but I blame any of those fucking support characters. I know. Right. Like how is a character
like, I'm trying to think of somebody like, I would say mercy. I mean, mercy does have the
pistol, but how is a character like mercy gonna last against somebody like this? Just pure DPS,
like junk rat or something. You know what I mean? So I was kind of nerfed the last one.
You have another buffing them on the PTR. Oh my fucking God. I can't keep track of this shit.
But it's, it's a great, it's a great, um, it's a great game. So I mean, it's weird in a way
that they're doing deathmatch, but I guess it is something people have been asking for. It's not
like it's replacing the regular quick matches options. It's an arcade mode like Lucio ball
ball is now. So they're going to do, which by the way is a lot of fun. I saw that. It's like,
I saw a video of them. Is that a mod? Is that a completely different game? It's rocket league.
It's rocket league and Overwatch, but, but it works because the character of Lucio, I mean,
they didn't like change him or anything. They changed his ultimate. That's it to make us,
to make him move faster. One thing like ice in this is kind of going a totally different game
here. Call of duty, um, auto warfare, the remaster that they did for that. They have that whole,
um, I forget the modes called now, but it's the one where one round people are inanimate objects.
They have to hide in the map and then the other team has to go and find them and kill them.
That's fucking hilarious. And that alone, that mode in there makes me want to buy that game
because that looks so awesome. It's like new shit introduced like that. So let's Overwatch
add something like that. Cause well, I would like to see an Overwatch be expanded on is the, uh,
co-op stuff. And they did this during the uprising event. They had that little mini thing you could
play with. What was it? Mercy, Torbjorn, Reinhardt, somebody else soldier or something. I don't know.
It was like four characters that you could do. And like you did like a PVE thing and I really
wish they would expand on that more or maybe a single player type of experience. But, um,
I guess we'll have to, uh, we'll have to stay tuned to see if anything like that is in the
future, but yeah, death or death mat, uh, yeah, death match team death match and all that, uh,
is no longer off the table. It's going to be put in the game. So we, I think that just a lot of
people are hoping that death match doesn't influence the regular game. Like if death
match is there and it's completely unbalanced and ridiculous, then they just need to let it
stay that way. I think it's more of like, I think it's more of like to get people that may have
played those other types of games. So like I'm looking for something more like that in that game
and they'll buy it and like, Oh, Hey, this is cool. I want to try the other modes. Oh,
Hey, I like the regular mode. Yay. I'm in the game now. You know, it's like maybe to get people
from other genres and thank you for the correction in chat. You guys, it was tracer and not sold.
Tracer was the other, of course, tracers on the box. She's a big character. And the advisor
remember it was, you know, like the years ago with the beginning of the Overwatch anyway.
So that is something to look forward to with Overwatch. Back to Nintendo. Nintendo is going
to be doing a special panel at PAX West. PAX West, of course, is happening the same time as
DragonCon. So I haven't been talking about it as much on this show, but obviously a huge gaming
convention that happens in Seattle. It used to be PAX Prime, but now they are just, they, they made
a full compass out of it. So it's PAX West and it's going to take place September 1st to September
4th. And the Nintendo panel is happening on Saturday. So, um, no idea who's hosting it,
although I would imagine, um, it's going to be the talent, probably the tree house people,
because get this Charles Martinet is, uh, at DragonCon. So he's not on the panel.
So unless he's flying back and forth, which I guess is possible, he might only be there certain
days, but it's probably gonna be the tree house gang or something is doing that. Uh, or who knows
this is in Nintendo's backyard. Could Reggie Fils-Aime show up? Miyamoto, don't hold your
breath. Don't get too hyped. You'll probably be the tree house guys, but even then, oh, may,
might they be announcing something? Could this be a new Nintendo way of doing things? You know,
we've never seen them announce something. Lower those expectations, lower those expectations.
We still have like, does Nintendo participate in games com? Cause that's right around the corner.
We keep forgetting about that. No, that's true. Is that this week? Is that next week? I know it's
pretty soon. It's yeah, it's either this week or next week. It's before labor. There's supposed
to be lots of big announcements after all. Remember how Sony didn't have shit the show?
Yeah. They're supposed to be holding back stuff for games com. So yep. Let's hear it. Yeah. It
should be an exciting show. Yeah. I mean, I'd be cool. Like if they announced something, um,
but I'm not, I don't have like high expectations. I can see like, here's a new game mode for
splatoon two. Okay. Yeah. Or a new, new DLC character in arms between mustard and relish.
I said you guys like the ketchup. Oh, Oh, Oh, Oh, Oh, Oh, Oh. So I didn't talk about this
during my gaming week, but I did fucking play that splat fest, which was mayonnaise versus ketchup.
Right. I'm sorry. You all fucking know how I feel about mayonnaise. I fucking hate mayonnaise. I
hate it. It is. It is the devil's condiment. It's it's terrible. And so like, first I rolled
my eyes when I saw the, the, the, the matchup, because I already knew, I already knew. I said,
because this, this is it. Mayo's going to win. Like I just, I just know Mayo's going to win.
It doesn't even matter what I do or what I play when it doesn't matter. Mayo's going to fucking
win. Sure enough. Mayo fucking wins. But why did Mayo fucking win? Because it's delicious
because people actually interpreted the, the, I'm going to tell Alan to put your Starbucks in
the garbage and then you can dish it out of the garbage and drink it. Because if you like Mayo,
you probably like that too. So close to carb garbucks. Was it because people actually
interpreted because people are dirty little assholes and they interpreted the whole event
as man splooged and blood. Well, that was the, okay. So when they, when they finally were,
when they showed the stages and they were like, Oh no, Rob, not only are they going to use like
one of your least favorite food on the entire planet, but the splatting is actually going to be
mayonnaise and ketchup looking things. That was the only way I was able to tolerate Splatfest was
to tell myself it's semen versus blood. It's semen versus blood because I would rather that
than mayonnaise, which ought to tell you something. Anyway, here's the thing. So I was playing team
ketchup, right? Every single fucking match I was getting ketchup versus ketchup, ketchup versus
ketchup. And when I would get a matchup that was team male, it was like players that were like 13
levels higher than everybody on our team. So it was like, like the matchmaking in it was shit.
It was so bad. I was so irritated by the matchmaking. I, I, I actually know I looked
at my win loss ratio during Splatfest. I won 20% of the matches. And that's not even, and before
you team Mayo fucks come and be like, well, that's cause team Mayo is awesome. No, it's because the,
it's because the matchmaking sucked. And most of those matches were ketchup versus ketchup where
the matchmaking still sucked. Like I would be there with my team and I'd be like, all right,
well maybe we'll get, you know, and then the other team would pop in and it's all like double digit
level people. And I'm like, son of a bitch. How is this supposed to be fair? So that was irritating.
Nintendo network online. Can't do it. Fucking stupid.
That was irritating. I was so irritated. Anyway, I already knew, I already knew Mayo was going to
win. So I just, anyway, so we'll see what happens in the next Splatfest. In fact,
I was actually thinking that would be a really good listless topic for us is a future Splatfest.
So please look forward to it. That'll be coming in the next couple of weeks to the show.
What should the next Splatfest be? All right. Anyway, I don't know what else. I don't know what
else to say with that. So let's move on to some other rapid, our rapid fire news, news stories
done quickly, right? Dark Sakura, what do you have for us? Girl, I'm not even evening anymore.
So if you like Metroid, there's going to be a Metroid new Nintendo 3DS XL.
Yay. 200 bones. I might. Somebody buy me one. I might not, but I might buy myself one.
Jamie. I haven't bought, I haven't. Here's the amazing thing about this. No, this is important.
Look, I know the same. It's going away too long, but this is important. It's important.
What about quick? All right. So we've had this talk on OLR that I'm not convinced I need a new
Nintendo 3DS, right? And you don't need one. There's nothing, there's no games. I don't need
the super Nintendo emulation. They have what two games that require a new three. I don't need it.
Right. But once they unveiled this, you know what I said? It shall be mine. I need it. It's
the precious. I need it. So finally this whole Samus system actually come with the game.
I mean, it's Nintendo. Of course it doesn't. Well, I don't know. My, my, uh,
Zelda one did actually the Pokemon for Dan. So, but I love my Zelda 3DS. It's so pretty, but
Samus she's a goddess. I know the goddess of bounty hunters and squishy alien things.
I'm probably going to have to buy it anyway. Sorry to interrupt, but it was important.
And in other news that no one gives a shit about ghost writers joining Marvel versus Capcom infinite
because no one gives a shit about Marvel versus Capcom.
Yeah, I just can't. I mean, did you finally jump off that train? Did you play the demo?
Did you play the demo? No, I didn't. I'm just saving my, my heart for dragon ball fighters.
You need to play the demo so you can get that final nail in your heart.
Why cap calm? Why did you do this? I kept calm. Isn't worried about its fans anymore.
They just want to get new people and the story. So that's a thing that happened during our break.
Dark Sakura got off the Marvel versus Capcom bandwagon at some point.
I'd rather just go back and play like, like the second one.
I think, you know, I think, I think most people are exactly where you're at,
where it's like, I'll just go back and play the other one or third one.
Although the third one, I'm still pissed off because there's a fucking stupid bad box art.
Mega man. Thank you. Cap com you fucking assholes. Or I hear more people excited about the dragon
ball thing as well. It's a good game. I mean, Oh my God. All right. Now my turn to derail shit.
Fine. Someone put an animation discussion on YouTube about why it looks so good. And they,
he basically did freeze frames of the animation. Cause it's, it's running in 60 frames, right?
You can tell by each pause where ashes and effects in the background are moving,
but the characters themselves are moving at a more stilted rate, meaning that they move like
animation cells do, you know, with a little bit of, you know, motion line and frame skipping and
things like that. So the characters animations are jumped point to point to point in live
animation. And that right there is like, that is attention to detail and probably a bit of a
programming Marvel come to think of it. It, they, they pick up the frames a little bit better in the
actual fighting, but just in those introductions and outros and things like that, it, it follows
animation rules down to the effects. And that is what, first of all, just makes it visually
perfect. It looks like you were playing the show. Yeah. That's awesome. It's kind of like,
like totally different type of genre, but like the South Park game, right? The, even the old,
even the first one, the stick of truth kind of felt like you were playing the cartoon. And now
with this new one, I'm sure it's even going to be more so. So yeah, for sure. So anyway,
speaking of, uh, YouTube's and things of this nature, I have to ask about that. Look,
you guys didn't send in any, you had three weeks to send us an email and my understanding is we
have no emails tonight, right? Our soccer. So, so, so fine. You you've earned this derailment
of tonight's orange launch radio. So let me ask Loki, cause you've been tweeting a lot about
YouTube and some of the things you've been watching on YouTube. And so you've been watching,
what is this hour long discussions about the ready player one teaser, right? No, I've been,
I watched those occasionally. Like I want to hear what people, I'd like,
I want to see what people's reactions like were to the trailer.
And I, my God, there's these people like, yeah, I read the book and this and this and this,
and they're getting everything fucking wrong. Like stuff that they're talking about. Yeah,
this happened in the book. It's like fucking wrong. And don't get me wrong. Like I understand
where people can make mistakes. However, if you're researching, well, obviously they're
not researching shit because they're just fucking put out videos. And to be clear,
we never make mistakes on it all the time. Yeah, but it doesn't matter. I don't research anything.
I do this at the last minute and I don't fucking care. So that's, that's, that's the level of
effort you're getting for me. Sorry. I don't get paid for this. So you, you earn every penny of
that. Um, no, but like the thing I like don't like is like, of course it's click baity shit.
Like these videos are like, yeah, it's every Easter egg in the trailer, every single one
of them, except it's not because it's just the ones that everybody else has said. And you're
just regurgitating this shit one more time. It's like, I wanted to like, I was like, dammit,
I'm fucking pissed off of seeing this shit. Like I wish I could just do a video and like
do my own trailer analysis of it and actually go into details like
spoilery shit. Like, you know, there's a leaked script out there by the way,
it's an early draft of the script. But when you read that script and you watch the trailer,
you're like, Oh, I know what all this shit is because it's in context.
Okay. If only you knew somebody with a recording studio and a green screen.
I just, I, I, you know, I was actually, as my backdrop was going to use my shitty ass garage
cause I don't fucking care. Why not? But we did all our in a garage.
I just don't care enough to like do all that. Like, and then, you know, also being tired again,
like I actually was like taking notes. I was trying to like get more detail of like finding
more Easter eggs, like for stuff in the background, like actually researching stuff and
trying to figure it out instead of like, Oh well, this person said it's this or Hey,
did you notice that there was the fucking iron giant there? Did you see that? Because that's
totally strict. Like how do you fuck it? It's not an Easter egg if it's in the big fucking open.
Okay. That's not an Easter egg. Do you know what a fucking Easter egg is? Easter egg is
shit that's hiding in the background that only the true fans would fucking see. That's an Easter egg.
Act Efton chat, garage rants featuring Loki. I know Loki sitting on a million dollar idea, but
garage rants. Okay. That's a name. I can do it. I've got a couch in there. It's fucking dirty as
shit. Why? But it's, you're, you expect a dirty, it's dirty. It's fucking hot. There's cat vomit
on the ground. That is where I'm going to film this. Sounds quaint. All right.
Can't afford a fucking green screen. You get garage.
SSG 100. Matt says, great grants. Get it? Rage. All right. Anyway, moving on.
Let's talk about what's coming out in stores this week. Something a little sooner than Loki
finishing a project. Loki, what's coming out in the U S there's actually some pretty good
stuff coming out this week. Um, surprisingly. So ironically enough, since we were just talking
about this star craft remastered actually comes out tomorrow. So I didn't realize it was so soon.
So check it out. Nice. Um, the game that I just can't get hyped about, I've watched every trailer
for this. I'm a huge fan of saints row, but I can not get hyped about this game at all.
Even if they have agents of mayhem, that's coming out of PC, PlayStation four and Xbox one.
I want to try it. I want to try it. I really want it to be good, but I just,
that's why it set the bar low Loki. And if it's my problem, here's my problem.
My problem is originally it was kind of like, okay, it's its own thing. It has no real ties
to the saints row universe. We're going to put some saints row stuff kind of hints in the
background, but it's, it's its own thing completely different. Oh, by the way, because
we're not really confident in this game doing well, we're just going to have Johnny gap come
in there and we're going to say, Oh, it's, it's a fucking tied in with, you know, get out of hell
because it was one of the endings, even though it wasn't quite one of the endings, but we're just
going to tie it to the saints row universe because we're scared shitless that a new IP is not going
to do well. It's just, it's fucking annoying. There might be other reasons that it doesn't
do well. Looking at chat over at live.vog network.com as 200, Matt says, I forgot about
agents of mayhem. Dungeon buster says, whoa, agents of mayhem is coming out this week. It
seemed to have zero marketing at all. Yeah. I'm thinking, I think they might have a different
problem. It's pretty, it's like they're rip off of crackdown basically, which I've ironically was
kind of saints row four, but this is even worse to that. I don't know. It's I will give it the
benefit of doubt. I'm not buying it launch. I'm telling you that much. I'll get it in the bundle
later on. Fair enough. Um, city skylines coming out on PlayStation four, uh, matter fall on
PlayStation four, a knee hog, uh, two on PC, Mac and PlayStation four night trap, 25th anniversary
on PC and PlayStation four. So some games don't need to be celebrated. I'm just saying,
uh, observer, um, which is actually, I think a pretty good game from what I hear that's on
PC places for an Xbox one Sonic mania on the Nintendo switch PlayStation four and Xbox one.
Thank you. And final, let's see, we have a sudden strike four on PlayStation four and finally the
pillars of earth book one from the ashes on PC, Mac and Linux PlayStation four and Xbox one,
but Sonic mania this week on consoles and which game? That's pretty good. Why not?
So I just have to quit. I will get to the Japanese releases, but I do have to just acknowledge the
reason why Loki said thank you there in the middle of releases. Alan being the nice boy that he is,
he just brought us all Starbucks, all of us. So I thought it was very nice to him to run that.
Thank you very much. Thank you, Alan. So, all right, Alan's keeping the show running
behind the scenes. Let's go to Japan and check out the releases over there. So coming out in
Japan on the 17th on the PlayStation four, Sonic mania is also being released in Japan.
Dragon quest 10, the all-in-one package also coming out. Dragon's dogma online season three,
some type of limited edition package is out from Capcom this week on the PlayStation four.
And, um, let's see, zero escape Toki no dilemma. Also out in Japan this week, uh, checking the
PlayStation Vita, believe it or not. I don't think there's anything this week on the Vita.
Those releases don't pick up again until the 24th. So nothing to look forward to this week
on the Vita. Uh, actually, well, believe it or not in Japan, there's still basically the space
that you would have dedicated to the Xbox one here is dedicated to the, I only say that out of
sadness because I wish they would release a new Sony system that was actually comparable to like
a switch or something. I understand. I understand. Uh, so really outside of that, nothing on 3DS or
switch either. So it's a somewhat of a slower week, a little bit in Japan, although there is
a dragon quest release, but then again, it's kind of a repackaging, so it's not as big a deal,
but anyhow, how about the UK dark soccer in the UK? We've got a few things. Actually,
it's kind of a busy week on the 15th night trap, blah, blah. On the 16th, we have bound for
PlayStation four and Conan exiles for the Xbox one. On the 17th, we have, I'm going to Zlatan
legends for iOS. On the 18th, we have agents of mayhem for PS4, Xbox one and PC and thumper for
Xbox one X and Xbox one. Okay. Thumper. Yeah. The Xbox one X isn't even out yet. So I don't know
whether it says Xbox one X. I'm like, that's weird. That's weird that that site has it. But
thumper is that cool music game that is, it's kind of hard. Yeah. Yeah. But it's, it's, it's
probably most well known in its PlayStation VR form, but it is on the switch as well. So
it's a hard game. It's a very hard game, but it's fun. I like it. There's like the music,
it's like industrial music and it's not like commercial stuff. It's all like,
you know, it's noise. It's a very noisy game. It's good. Like experimental. Yeah. Kinda.
All right. Uh, as mentioned, we didn't get any emails this week, sad face or the past three
weeks in fact. Uh, but to be fair because of the hiatus, maybe you guys kind of just figured,
you know, we weren't taking them for a little while, but let me just remind you all the email
bag is open once again. So please feel free to send your emails, participate at orange
lounge radio.com. If you want to participate with the mailbag segment. So yeah, emails open once
again, participate at orange launch radio.com. In the meantime, just a few more stories for you
guys. Then we'll get to the Skype line and other way for you to participate at orange lounge radio
on Skype, Loki. So, um, this is kind of cool that they're actually considering e-sports as becoming
part of the 2024 Olympic games. Apparently they are, um, considering it along with, with, um,
you know, including it with new events because they kind of do this each route. Like when they
have a new games coming out, they'll add new events. So in fact, they, I think one of the
upcoming summer games, I think has like a skateboarding or something in there now. Oh,
wow. Something different. But, um, they're adding new stuff all the time. And one of the
reasons that they're considering this even more is because you may not realize, um, at least I don't,
um, that aside from the Olympics, there's also the Asian games as well. And that actually isn't
being included in the Asian games. E-sports is part of the 2022 Asian games and the 2018 Asian
games in Indonesia. So that's something that's kind of cool that this is actually being,
you know, adapted in these major, you know, I remember 10 years ago when we were focused
more on music based games and we kept having that whole is DDR a sport. Remember that that was
like, it may be one of the Scandinavian countries did make it a sport. I remember that was a big
thing we talked about for awhile and, uh, we kind of talked about, wouldn't it be funny if
DDR was in the Olympics and we kind of laughed it off that it's never going to happen, but
here we are now the landscapes changed. E-sports is growing very, very big. Um,
not just with things like star craft and things like, you know, Dota, but now we see
Overwatch and the Overwatch league. I mean, that, you know, is looking more and more like they're
trying to do like a, I don't know if I would call it the NFL, maybe more like the XFL.
Anyone remember the XFL? Um, but I, but still I'm still curious really to see where that goes.
Uh, it looks very exciting. And then, so yeah, it seems like with E-sports taking off as it is
this, I mean, 10 years ago I would have said, Oh, come on, this is never going to, the Olympics
is never going to take this seriously. Kind of like the thing is they're like,
they're trying to understand, you know, is it a sport? You know, it's still like,
kind of how do we measure it? How do you define a sport? I mean, a lot of, you know,
the Olympics, you think, you know, physical sport and stuff, whereas, but isn't chess in the
Olympics and that's not a physical sport. That's more of a mental sport. So there is mental sports.
Yeah. I mean, there, there is a lot of that in there. I mean, creativity and stuff with even like
some of the, you know, the gymnastics routines. I mean, still, I'm not going to argue that that's
not physical, but there's a lot of like, you know, designing and creativity and stuff to that,
that your routines and stuff. So maybe with that strategy and this critical thinking and, you know,
quick reflexes that could tie in with this stuff. I think by the time we get there, you know,
especially when you consider that, you know, everybody growing up with gaming and stuff
by that time, I mean, that's, you know, a few years away, still seven years away, by the way,
I mean, yeah, that could be more accepted by then. Yeah. It's gonna be very interesting to see how
that plays out. And finally, after all these years, the Olympics is coming back to the States
officially in 2028. Uh, and that's the first time the summer game, LA, LA, they did this
weird thing that they don't usually do, but they kind of co-awarded Olympic games to Paris and LA
at the same time, basically, I think LA still has some dotted lines to sign off on and so forth,
but it looking very certain that LA is going to have the 2028 games, which, you know, they
hosted in 84. Um, but otherwise the United States has not hosted an Olympic games, a summer games
since Atlanta in 96. That was a long time ago. Um, they did do a winter games in Salt Lake City,
I think was the last one in 2002, if I remember right. But even then, you know, that's still,
still going to be like over 20 years, uh, without the States hosting. So, um, the only reason,
only reason I bring that up is because, you know, esports, if it does well in Paris,
could be a big part of the LA games. Um, and you know, at the end of the day, the Olympics is
a business. It needs to make money. And some, there, there is some, sometimes some not so
great news about the Olympics out there and some money, some cities that have lost.
Well, I got to wonder too, like with the Olympics, like,
maybe they're not drawing the same audiences that they used to anymore. Like they're,
you know, losing out in certain demographics. And so they're trying to get that younger
demographic. I think so. And I think one of the biggest mistakes that they've been making is
specifically NBC here in the States with the tape delay of the games that are happening in Rio.
And when we live in an internet day and age where all that stuff is instant, like, um, you know,
NBC, I think is really going to have to adapt their way of thinking for Tokyo in 2020. Um,
or they're going to just hemorrhage even more people because of the internet and,
and other ways that people can get this information. So, um, you know, I think,
I think they kind of have to figure that out, but you know, at the end of the day, yeah,
it is a business, but it's also, it's a huge part of TV. So if you think about it,
if e-sports ends up a part of the 2024 games, we could see e-sports on a major broadcast network,
NBC by 2024. There's something to think about the same network that shows Monday night football,
right? Does NBC show that or does that, does NBC still show football? Is that all Fox now?
I don't know. But anyway, you get the drift, the same family of, of networks that shows Monday
night football could show speaking of things that are on TV. That's kind of unusual like that. Um,
one of the things is I mentioned covers a tangent ESPN actually did the ESPN eight, the Ocho.
I heard about like, was it like a certain amount of eight? Yeah. So they did that for August 8th
and that sounds awesome. They, they replayed the, um, uh, uh, fighting game stuff. Evo,
they replayed Evo during that was part of the block. Yeah. So it was kind of neat.
All right. Anyhow, a little bit of a tangent, but we've had some of those tonight.
Uh, let's see, let's get to another story about Capcom and, uh, oh, they're not happy about
street fighter costume mods. Uh, that's because there were some street fighter nude mod creators.
Well, now I can't believe Capcom would take issue to this.
Say what? Anyway, so these two modders, uh, brutal ACE and Cal Dentar six, six, six. I hope I said
that right. They had Patrion pages that solicited donations from fans. So I guess they weren't
charging for the mods per se, but it was one of those. If you like these titties, subscribe to my
Patrion basically. Well, the mom likes these titties. You give me those biddies.
I'm going to put that, I'm going to put that on my Twitch channel. You like these titties,
give me them biddies. Except you're not supposed to solicit that stuff on Twitch, but anyway,
it's all in fun and you've been banned. All right. And I've been banned from Twitch. Oh,
all right. Uh, so anyway, uh, one of the mods, so brutal ACE had a Chun Li mod, but in a wonder
woman costume and let's see, uh, Cal Dentar had a Kami mod in 2B's costume from Nier Automata.
So obviously there's copyright violations going on all over the place. But, uh, of course these
same modders made naked female fighters or female fighters in string bikinis. Uh, there's also
risque mods, such as barefoot mods and breast jiggling mods. Oh my God. They didn't have shoes.
They were barefoot. How risque, but nothing for men. Go figure. Nothing for the male fighters.
I think that there are, but it's just, you know, but not these guys mention it. None of these guys.
So anyhow, the Patreon page for Cal Dentar 6, 6, 6 was deleted along with all the records of
the earnings, uh, and so forth. So, um, let's see brutal ACE says he always offered his mod,
it's free downloads, but the Patreon supporters did get one week of advanced exclusive access
to all new mods. So this creates a whole big issue, uh, between Patreon and so forth. So,
you know, if you're going to ask for people's money on Patreon, make sure what you're doing is
legal. I honestly don't think that they had, they could do this to his Patreon page, honestly,
cause I get their thought process. Their thought process is he charging for mods for our game and
we don't like that. Honestly though, modding your game is fair use. So kind of fuck off.
Well, but if you're putting up a Patreon page and the centerpiece of that Patreon page is
I will deliver you nude mods early. If you give me money, it's kind of walking that line there.
I think this game been out, there's nude bonds already. There's been new mods since like the
game came five minutes before the five minutes after it was out. I mean, come on. Like that's
stupid. Oh, and, and, Oh yes. Now that you've taken down his page, Oh, I'm sure that the
new mods will never ever come out. Oh wait, they've already been out. It's done nothing.
Uh, dungeon buster and chat jokes, street fighter five dead or alive. You know, you joke,
but now that you bring that up, speaking of the whole like man mods, I have to say I was, I was,
um, I was pleasantly surprised. I was looking in the PlayStation store for the new releases
and what is it? Dead or alive five final round or last round. I'm sorry. I forget the name of the
game, but they released some new DLC and of course it is the usual lots of ladies and very
skimpy types of bathing suits and so forth. What you would expect. However, to our soccer, I don't
know if you saw this, there were also some men in speedos as part of this. So I was like, okay,
it was, it was nice. It was nice. So, uh, quality was the Overwatch. Of course there's like two
dudes in speedos and like summer DLC. Oh yeah. The Overwatch with the McCree who I've never really
paid attention to before. Yes. Yes. I did notice that. Yes I did. Yes I did. I sure did. Anyway.
All right. I posted about that on Twitter. Look, and look, I don't even, you know, I don't,
wherever you guys fall on the, if you, whatever gender you're into or not into or so forth,
you have to go, okay. It's, it's nice to have the same for everybody that folks can have whatever
they like. So, all right. Anyway, uh, moving on, let's get to something. Let's get to something
a little more, uh, a little more retro, a little more classy in gaming. Shall we DarkSaga? What
do you have for us? Are we having the classy game of the week? Yes. The classy game of the week.
Well, all right. We have talked about this game in various iterations and there is going to be
a Tempest 4000 because they're really freaking creative. Yes. Actually, it's funny when we pick
up the cat with Midna, we go, got you. These guys are nerds. It's become a joke in my house.
But anyway, it is being developed by Jeff Minter and it is, yeah, going to be the continuation in
Tempest 2000 and Tempest 3000, which I think was, uh, not even a fully released game. It was like
prototype. How do you remember Tempest? I remember hearing of a Tempest 3000, but I don't remember.
I played it in an Atari party. Okay. Like a while back. But, um, basically you, uh, play the claw
again and you have to shoot stuff and super zapper recharge. So will this be coming out on
Atari's new system? Since we know the Atari box is coming. Wouldn't Tempest 4000 be a great, after
all, Tempest 2000 was like the fucking reason to own a Jaguar. Why not? The only reason to own a Jaguar.
Um, it looks like it is going to be coming out for PC and consoles later on in 2017.
This year, really? Yeah. That's awesome. I'm excited. I like this article. Okay. This article is great
because, okay, it says we don't have any assets of Tempest 4000. So instead here's a picture of
a llama and it's a picture of a llama sitting down in the grass. I love this article, Eurogamer.
Oh, Eurogamer. I love Eurogamer. It's a good site. But just, I just had to say, why is there,
oh, that's why there's a llama. Super llama recharge. Well, didn't they also, wasn't,
wasn't it like llama soft or something? Wasn't it llamas played into it somehow as well? Because
then they had space giraffe was kind of like that side game. Anyway. All right. A few more
stories for you guys before we open up the Skype line. Loki. So valve, um, announced during the
whole international, um, seven match in Seattle that there's a new Dota game coming. Oh my God.
Valves putting out a new game. Yes. It's Dota artifact. It's a card game.
I liked, can you say that again? Half life. Just kidding. It's a card game.
Yes. The, the, the art of artifact, the, the, the Dota card game that's going to be
coming out in 2018. All right. Well, there's people out, you know what?
And for the people that like trading, it's like they have the, like, we have a new
announcement for you and everyone's like, how fast the crowd will turn on you. Hey, look, no,
there's people that are really into trading card games are gonna be super thrilled about it. I
don't have a problem with them making a trading card game. It's just everybody else is wanting
to make a third of something. Yes. Maybe this was not the best place to announce it, even though
it is a Dota kind of game. Who knows? All right. It's like valve, just put three next to something,
please. One more story. And it has to do with a classic game. And this is something,
something brand new unearthed in a classic game. And that classic game is Super Mario Brothers 2,
the US version, which was Doki Doki Panic, of course, over on the Famicom. So it was unearthed
this week that in the original manual for Doki Doki Panic on the Famicom disk system,
there was a gray shy guy that was supposed to be there. If you, if you're not, I remember this.
Yeah, there was supposed to be a gray shy guy in the game. Oh, he's a shiny. Yes, he, that's
right. He's a shiny shy guy. Exactly. And what makes him special is that he would actually
follow you around. But the character actually never showed up in the game, even though it's
on the manual. Well, get this, somebody was able to use a code on Game Genie to get the character
back in the game. And that's right. There is a, it's an actual Game Genie code you can put
together and use on a cartridge. And you'll have to look this up on, on some of the different blogs,
like Destructoid or, or different codes of paint on the version of the game you have. Yeah. Cause
I'm not going to read the code, but yeah, you can put the code in the game and sure enough,
you will get a gray shy guy in the first level. And the thing is the shy guy will start to follow
you. Like he does the whole walking forward, but most shy guys in the game just ignore you,
jump over them and you're, that's it. But this shy guy, once you jump, if you ride him,
the universe, universes, why we always got to go to the gutter here on this show.
Oh no. I mean, you can stand on the enemy. I'm not trying to be in the gutter. You know what
you mean? If I was trying to do that, I would say like, Oh, what happens if you fuck him? You know,
well, somebody on Reddit's working on that, but um, no, I, I, I don't know because in this video,
they don't try that. So you'll have to go get a copy of the game and probably just walks back
and forth because he probably does. He probably just stands in place or continues off my fucking
head. You hurt. You're so big. I can't, my, my skeletal structure. Can I handle this?
Tiger quad chat says, no wonder they call them shy guys.
And on that note, we're going to open up the Skype line, orange lounge radio,
all one word on Skype. Uh, if you'd like to give us a call and talk about shy guys or anything
that is on your mind tonight, uh, maybe that we did cover in the news or maybe that we didn't
get to. So I will, uh, I will open up that Skype line now and how about that calls are already
coming in. So let's get to it higher on orange launch radio. Who's this? Hey, what's going on?
It's Rama. Hey Rama. Good to have you here. What's up? Not much. I'm just, I just finished
my eight hour trek back from Otacon in DC. So yeah, I've been seeing your Facebook updates
from Otacon. How was it? It was amazing. Nice. I'm glad you had a good time. Thank you.
What kind of like video game stuff do they have there? They have a gaming room or
I'm going to say this really quickly. Dan, I'm going to tell you why I called it.
The game room was huge, old school gaming. Plus there was many land tournament set up.
It was a few DDR arcade machines. It was a couple of dance machines and a whole
bunch of ju beat machines. And I will say this, it didn't stink.
Oh, people were, were applying their deodorant and, uh, taking showers daily. That's great.
Let's just hope that they did. When I walked to the game room, there was no smell. It was
a well ventilated space then maybe. All right. So why did you call? Because I was listening to
y'all on the way home and you were talking about the Nintendo world championships. And I remember
those, which in turn, for some reason, it reminded me of, while I was leaving
the dealer's room earlier, they had a little setup, one to boost. Um, they had a very
interesting VR game. It was, I, I looked at it like, how does sex your waifu? Cause that's
pretty much what it was. You had this little, it's important information.
Had this little blow up doll looking thing. You had the VR glasses on and there were people
watching this guy, I guess pretty much screwed his school girl.
Were there sensors on the doll? Did you have to dry hump the doll? Because that's awesome.
I don't know about telling you this, there was no sensors.
But, um, then I got that out the way. I don't know why that reminded me of it. I don't,
maybe because gaming tour, I don't know. Yes. Why did how to screw your waifu make you think,
God, I need to call OLR. Do you understand how much booze has been in my system since Thursday?
Fair enough. But, um, I remember the Nintendo world championships and I wanted to go,
but I couldn't. I remember the blockbuster, uh, gaming competitions. And one of my friends went,
cause he scored the highest in the areas. I went with him down the South street seaport
where he did NBA jam. But the thing is they threw him on the Genesis version. So it was a little
bit harder for him to play, but he used two hands whereas he was using his fingers to control the
game instead of his thumbs. That would suck though. That if you're used to one version
of the game and they throw you another, like they weren't the same back then. That's not,
it's not the same. I know the timing and the frames and all that stuff was different. So that's,
that's kind of crappy, but you know, but still kind of awesome that you got to do that. Yeah.
I have a lot of friends that did the world championships. I didn't really get to do any
of that. I don't know. I don't, I don't think they really had them. I mean, they might've done the
blockbuster thing here in Sacramento, but, but we never really went to blockbuster ever. We had like
indie stores that we usually always went to. And then the world championships, I highly doubt
wherever here. And it was just the kind of thing where it's like my, my parents really weren't
interested in taking me to San Francisco or anything like that. So. Well, I got lucky because
I don't know if you remember, there was one tournament that they had that I had an amazing
time at. Do you remember the superstar Fox weekend? I do remember that I do. Cause those
cartridges are super rare. If you can find them. I know. And if you went, I believe if you ended
up with the highest score that day, you got a t-shirt. I went to two locations and got two
shirts. Good job. That's awesome. But unfortunately someone outscored me in both places for the entire
weekend. So that's all right. They can make that modern now. It's like, I went to pre-order an
essay in the S classic, but all I got was the shirt. I wanted to play star Fox too,
but all I got was disappointment and resentment. I am disappointed. I'll just wait for the Rama
leak. Yeah, I know how like immediately immediate, immediate. All right. Well, Rama, I'm glad to hear
you had a good time at Otacon and I'm getting really excited about a dragon con I'm hearing
from what I believe I was reading. I heard that Tokyo attack is going to be back at dragon con
and that their, their space is increasing this year. So it's going to be more of it. So I'm
really excited. That sounds pretty awesome. So, you know where to find me at dragon con
when I'm not in a panel. Yep. In the game room. What about, what about what, what,
what a nice refreshing adult beverage, right? Correct. All right. Well, Rama, I'm going to
let you go so we can take more calls. Awesome, man. Thanks a lot. Great to hear from you. Bye.
All right. Orange lounge radio, all one word on Skype. If you want to get through, uh,
going to chat over at live.vognetware.com, message 100 Matt says Tokyo attack won't be back
at mad. Won't be at magfest sadly. Yeah, I heard about that. I was concerned about that. Um, you
know, I'm sure they have some type of other plan they're going to do and it's going to be different,
but if these other shows are happening over the country, all over the country, like, you know, the
California extreme and the Southern fried game room, I'm sure in the DC area, they're going to
figure out how to do it just fine. Uh, it'll just be different. It probably would just won't have
the focus on the, um, Japanese games, uh, that it has in the past, but it'll probably have plenty
of old school games and pinball and all that other stuff. So that'll be cool. Um, hit stun and chat
suggests a snow Phoenix. I've not heard of snow Phoenix. That must be a new company. Somebody
starts sending snow Phoenix to these big cons. They have a lot of Tokyo tax games. I was not aware.
So I guess these, I guess these con arcade companies are, uh, uh, grow in business,
but it does, it seems like there's more cons now than there were years ago when we first started
the show. I just mean like local stuff. Like it seems like there's some little con in Sacramento,
like every weekend. So that's kind of neat. So, all right. Uh, orange lounge radio, all one word
on Skype. Again, if you want to give us a call, let me check in quickly while we do this last,
uh, wait for calls here and see, uh, with Loki, if there's any last minute stories on, if you have
anything tonight, um, no, just like silly Twitch stuff. There's someone dude, um, that goes by the
name, a twerking Yoshi that's playing bloodborne, um, using a game or dance pad. Why not? Cause you
know, that's the thing. Why not? Sure. Why not? How do we, how did he hook up the dance pad to a
PlayStation three or four? Um, they have, I don't know, there's ways to do that kind of stuff, but
like they had, it shows like how they have the buttons maps. So they've got, um, I guess attack
can you only move to one direction? That's weird. They've got like a Dodge on the X button.
There's L one on the triangle are three lock on, on the square and L two on start and select
his potion. Well, you can remap all the buttons within the PlayStation four operating. And
apparently, um, right is attack. So he can only move left up and down. So interesting.
I don't know. I guess that's the thing. Uh, as Joe and Hunter, Matt and Chad says,
I remember having a party where we played mortal combat with DDR pads. Good times. Was it, was there
any, um, Jamie, I'm trying to think way back to the parties that used to happen at your house with
like your dream cast dance pads. Were there any other games that were played with dance pads
besides DDR? I thought there was something. Um, and not the jungle book doesn't count.
Soul caliber. Soul caliber. Yes. Because we found that the Konami logo is an analog pad.
And so we would play, um, we would try to play soul caliber with the dance pad. Yeah.
On a dance pad on the dance pad, on the dream cast dance pad. Oh, so weird. Yeah. Super weird.
Yeah. But anyway, um, I think that's what else we've ever used the dream cast dance pads for,
but rod caliber was your rod caliber was great because it is literally just moving the fishing
rod and praying cause it would move them too. Yeah. So it's so crazy. Good times. All right.
We got another call coming in, so let's get to it. Hi. Oh, it's all right. So it,
as soon as I picked up the call, it went, Nope, just kidding. Disconnect. Let me see if that
person calls back. Uh, meanwhile, I'll read some comments and chat, uh, hit stun and chat says,
I played an arcade tech and five on a dance pad. Once it had PS two controller reports,
uh, dark Tetsuya says, I bet you could do soul caliber. Yeah. It works with the keyboard too.
Uh, and let's see as 200. Matt says, one of my friends managed to pull off a fatality on a dance
pad. I forgot who's he pulled off. We've got to be somebody easy like a katana. I still remember to
this day, block, block, block, block, block, block, block, high kick. It's just buttons.
The ones that are buttons only and you don't even have to move your character are probably much
easier to do, but yeah, that's, um, Katana's fatality. I can, I can still worry. Cause you
just slammed the block button a bunch of times and they had high kick super easy to do. At least
that's where we'll come at two important. Oh, as she went under, Matt says, uh, it was mortal
combat one. That is what I do remember. Sonia's fatality was pretty easy in that game. Forward,
forward, back, back block. I don't know how, how do I remember that? I don't know. Sub zero
toward, down toward high punch or was a low punch one of the two. So, all right. Well, sadly, I
don't think the, uh, calls are coming back in. So I'm going to go ahead and shut down the Skype line
for tonight. Uh, and I think we're going to go ahead and start to wrap up tonight's show, but
I do want to thank you guys again for being with our show tonight. Thank you for being back after
we've been gone for a little bit. I really appreciate you guys being back here. If you
enjoyed what you heard here at orange lounge radio, uh, please tell a friend or two about
the show. Help us spread the word because we are the show where every gamer has a voice,
but if the voices aren't here, we can't share them. So, uh, thanks for all you guys that showed
up here live. And thank you guys that checked us out on the podcast feed as well. If you enjoyed,
uh, us on the podcast feed, um, a nice five star review, wherever you found this show on iTunes
or Google play or wherever it is, you found the show. Those reviews go a long way. Trust me. So
we really, really appreciate, um, all of that. Um, that's really all I can think of for now.
So I think it's time to go around and get everybody's final thought. Uh, Loki, I'll start
with you. Your final thought tonight. Uh, my final thought is I, I am going to try to work on my
games again. I ought to figure out what I want to work on. Basically. That's it. Whether I keep on
working on what I started with the game jam or if I go back to one of my other projects.
All right. Dark Sakura, your final thought tonight. I was reading about the silent Hill song.
What's the silent Hill song from the revenge ending for silent Hill three. Oh,
silent Hill. I remember that. Uh, and then my final thought tonight would just be, um,
thank you for being here and, uh, it's, it's nice to be back. So thank you guys very much
for everything. Uh, that's going to do it for another episode of orange lounge radio.
So have a great week. We'll be back in seven days to do all over again until then.
Good night. You've been listening to orange lounge radio. Orange lounge radio is a production
of OLR studios to join us for a live show. Tune into vog network.com Sunday nights at 6 PM Pacific
9 PM Eastern the views and opinions expressed in this program do not necessarily reflect those of
the staff of orange lounge radio or vog network, but you know, they were all still true.
See you next week.
Thank you.
