Orange Lounge Radio
Who's your hosts? DarkSakura, Skie, and Loki
Tonight, June 2, 2013, One Country has a strong statement about the Xbox One.
Blizzard postpones its next MMO.
And could legendary buried game cartridges in the desert soon be unearthed?
Orange Lounge Radio
Hello everybody out there on the internet and welcome back to another week of the show where every gamer has a voice.
It is Orange Lounge Radio for this episode number 506, 2nd Mix, J-Append for this June 2, 2013.
I'll explain the title in a minute here.
But welcome back to the show everybody, DarkSakura or Jamie Summers?
Can we call this one a go-to mix instead?
Whatever you want it to be.
Can we have true kiss destination?
No.
Club append!
They weren't that good, let's be real.
Well, if their career didn't last that long.
Dreams come true lasted longer than them.
Also say hello to Techmaster Loki.
Hi.
Hi, how you doing, Loki?
Pretty good.
Excellent. And of course, my name is Rob Roberts and we do join you live every Sunday night at 6 o'clock Pacific, 9 o'clock Eastern, right after the Bobby Black Wolf show at the Voice of the Geeks Network, vognetwork.com.
Alright, so last week was a little weird.
We weren't actually here live on Sunday.
We did a special show earlier in the week which we called episode number 506.
But then it was brought to my attention.
You're gonna ruin all the like tracking of the classic game of the week and all these segments you usually do if you give a special episode a regular episode number.
So, I broke it.
Just put a blank in there. How damn hard is that?
Give it a letter.
It's fine.
It's episode R.
We'll just have 506, 2nd Mix.
It's a do-over. We'll do it live.
Because it's not an episode unless I'm here, let's face it.
So, episode 2 was not an episode?
No, it wasn't. That was when I was sleeping in the Harry Potter room at the Gay Frat House.
Alright, so last week you were in Alabama, right?
Yes.
And you were taking care of mostly some family stuff.
Yes.
But you did get to hang out with like you met like at least one OLR listener, right?
I got to hang out with Jammer Jay who I have known for quite some time and there's a little bit of background.
About 10 years ago we met up and played DDR together and I got his games and I think I got him like dinner.
So, this time he paid for my games and got me dinner and took me to McGuire's in Pensacola and I got shit-faced.
I drank, okay, McGuire's is like a small microbrewery and they do their own stouts and porters.
I had a good porter, but then they served me this drink called an Irish Wake that's very green and served in a mason jar and I consumed it.
And I was very dizzy the rest of the ride.
And then I got a sunburn in the shape, well my tan line is in the shape of a seatbelt because we were riding in a convertible and I stopped caring about the sun.
So, but we did go to Pace, Florida and play a lot of DDR and played some Addams Family pinball at another arcade at the Pensacola beach.
And then I ran into, I spent some time with my mama's son and papa's son and their roommates Kristen and Bobby, a different Bobby of course.
And I got to see Derek who is one of my very good friends.
And all these people none of our listeners know.
And my good friend Donovan who, they're both fixtures at Dragon Con, you may run into them.
And I got to see my very good friend Jen, she picked me up when my flight was changed from Gulfport to Mobile.
Do not get me started on American Airlines because fuck them.
I heard about your drama going, I'm on an airplane tomorrow and you have me a little worried.
Are you doing American?
No.
Good, fuck them.
Well who owns US Air now, that's United right?
I don't know, yeah I rode United back and I had no problem.
They even had a movie and they had snack boxes that had Nutella in them.
So fuck you American Airlines, fuck you, fuck you, fuck you.
At least they're refunding me 75 bucks in toiletries and clothes that I had to buy.
Guess what I found at Goodwill in Alabama, in Daphne, Alabama.
I found a Charlie the Unicorn shirt that says sparkle, sparkle, sparkle, sparkle on it.
I don't care if I can wear it or not.
Is there a hot topic in Alabama that could have come from?
Well we had Gadzooks I think, but at any rate I bought a Charlie the Unicorn shirt at a Goodwill in Daphne, Alabama.
Nice.
So.
Shine the non-believer.
Anyhow, just a special note for our live listeners.
We're aware that there's some errors where it's cutting in and out.
It's nothing on our end. We're not doing anything out of the ordinary.
There's no torrents or anything like that.
So we're going to chalk this up to our amazing internet service provider.
But we just got to keep on right on taping for the sake of the podcast.
If you do get dumped from the stream, just click pause and play again if you're at live.vognetwork.com.
And it should reconnect right away as soon as we come back.
Unfortunately I don't know what to do about it.
The joys of live radio.
I might have upset the cosmic balance by my sewing.
Possibly.
I'm doing matronly things.
Can you sew the internet back together?
Uh, no.
Get a really big needle.
I have really tiny needles.
And I keep poking myself in the thumb.
That's not going to work.
Alright, so you missed our Xbone special.
Excuse me, our XB1 special.
All the stuff about the Xbox One.
Did you hear anything about Xbox One?
Yes, and fuck all of it.
Not getting it. No.
Well, now wait a minute, DarkSakura.
And I think I said this on the show.
Isn't it too early to make up your mind on this?
Right now, going by what I have, fuck them.
And why so strongly?
Because I don't want to have a microphone and or a camera on all the damn time.
The whole used games thing, fuck them.
The whole downloading games, fuck them even more.
If I'm going to download a game, it's going to be on my PC.
Or, you know, if I buy another PC, guess what?
My games will transfer.
Okay, well to be fair, to play devil's advocate, what's the difference between getting a digital copy on your PC that you can't sell back and a digital...
Because I can upgrade my video card.
I can upgrade everything on my PC and make everything look amazing.
So in a way, you're saying a PC is pretty much guaranteed to be backwards compatible, no matter what.
Pretty much.
Where's the X... Okay, I guess that's fair because the Xbox 360, anything you downloaded...
I've been playing Loom.
You're just old school like that.
If I can play Loom, thanks to Steam, if I can play all kinds of old PC, if I can play text-based games, if I can play Oregon Trail on my PC, I have no problem.
Going to our chatroom at live.vognetwork.com.
Of course, again, we do tape live every Sunday night right after Bobby Black Wolf.
It's 6 Pacific 9 Eastern on Sundays.
Gamergirl says, thank you Dark Sakura. Clap, clap.
That's exactly why I don't want one either.
Koopa Kid Jeremy says, I think it's too early to decide that it's not for you.
I kind of agree.
Could anything at E3 end up swaying your mind?
That's what I'm curious about.
What if they come out and say, the big rumor is Killer Instinct.
It's going to be one of the games.
What if one of these 15 games is like, OMG, you gotta have.
What if there's a Homestuck game, Jamie?
What if there's a Homestuck game?
Well, I know for a fact already that I don't think it's, well, I think it's going to be PC anyway.
What if, what if, what if Mass Effect 4 is an Xbox One exclusive?
It's not.
It's already going to be running on PC.
What if, Jamie? What if?
I don't know that that would be enough because fuck EA.
Now, keep in mind, as I've said before, I reserve judgment for more information, but as it stands right now, fuck them.
And the horse they rode in on.
So they need to make some big clarifications.
Yes, they do. Or big changes.
They need to realize, because I think that they say statements like this and when they see people going, oh no, they go, oh shit.
Time to change it.
Which is kind of where Sony might be at right now because there's really nothing out there that has said the PlayStation 4 is not going to do the exact same thing.
But I think Sony is very much kind of watching this whole thing. They're kind of like sitting up there with their little opera glasses, looking at what's happening on the stage.
You know, like what is happening to Microsoft?
To tell SSJ100 Matt, is Dan getting it? We're, I think, kind of on the same boat right now.
And keep in mind, you know, we aren't really the console gamers that we used to be.
Did I tell you that my mom gave me an Atari PC game?
We don't own the system, so actually I was looking for one.
But, I mean, other than that, you know, we're not the big console gamers we used to be.
Dan's really into sim racing. He's been, you know, hooking up his PC.
I think that for him it's going to be more of the next Gran Turismo game.
Of course, it's just going to be PS3, but he's going to probably stick Sony.
You know, especially, you know, if they say something that's going to counter all of the crap that Microsoft is saying.
So, it was sort of a wait and see kind of thing.
Alright, well, I'm going to check in with you again after E3 and see if anything that has happened may have changed your mind.
Oh, and to tell RageNator about Fuck Activision, I did quit WoW before I went to Alabama.
Now that everybody is reuniting in our guild.
Two people came back to WoW, Jamie. Two people. It's not everybody.
Well, we better do, like, an old raid or something before my account expires.
I thought your account already expired.
No, I've got a couple days left on it. I'll find out when it expires.
There you go.
And then let me do, like, Ice Crown Citadel.
You should go to Karazhan and get the pets.
I want pets.
There's new pets in Karazhan.
Stop it.
Just saying.
Stop it. I stopped paying for it.
Wow, crack. Wow, crack.
I did delete the beta, so that did free up a lot of space.
But then I filled it up with, like, more games on Steam.
Isn't that how it always goes?
Shut up.
I just cleared off 100 gigs from my hard drive.
God damn it. Steam sale. God damn it. Humble Bundle. God damn it.
You don't have to install all of them.
Yes, you do.
No, I don't have them all installed. I have a bunch.
I actually have, like, the majority of them not installed.
How dare you? I don't know when I might want to play.
You just never know.
And I can never uninstall something, because the minute I uninstall it, what happens?
An entire call. Gran Turismo 6 has already been stated to be for PS3.
All right, anyhow.
Keep me strong. Tie me to the mast.
I will hear the song, but I shall not succumb.
This is my finger. Well, I've got a needle in my hand.
This is my finger raised at Activision and Blizzard.
Sit and spin, motherfuckers.
Or pay for my account.
Oh, boy. You're just... Is there anything in gaming you do like this week?
I started playing Mass Effect again.
And guess what, Rob?
God, I... I just can't. I can't.
Like she won't get an Xbox One if it's Mass Effect 4.
Right, exactly. It totally answers my earlier question.
Totally answers my... Who is she? Fucking kidding, all right?
Who is she?
No!
Oh, I can resist playing another Mass Effect game.
Nope. LOL. Nope.
The minute... The minute Garris in HD...
There will not be a Garris in...
Okay, here's...
They already said Mass Effect 4 is a different story.
Okay, here we go. Here we go, guys. Here we go.
Okay, this is the first OLR comic strip I need somebody to draw, okay?
You can bite my ass along with Activision Lizard and EA.
Here it is. Here it is. First panel.
Dark Sakura holding a microphone saying,
I will not buy an Xbox One. Fuck them. Fuck them and their stupid asses.
No.
Okay, ready? Second panel is a picture of the E3 press conference
where EA and Microsoft are holding hands on a stage saying,
Mass Effect Garris Edition Xbox One exclusive.
And then the third panel is Dark Sakura walking into a Best Buy
with a balloon that says, LOL NOPE.
Probably.
LOL NOPE.
Okay, okay, okay.
Well, first of all, I'm fairly certain that with a franchise like that,
they will not make it an exclusive.
They won't. This is just fan-waking.
I'm only saying this to get you ruffled and it's working.
You know what?
You are about to earn yourself the mother of all girl.
Just saying.
Okay, this is this.
And to go ahead and put the blanket thing out there.
Yes, I will get Mass Effect 4 because I love the universe.
I don't care how shitty the story is.
I don't care how sparkly the turd is.
I love the turd.
I will buy the sparkly turd because I am a fangirl.
There's her little quote for the next show intro.
I love the turd.
All right.
You know what?
I have pointy things.
You see all these little pins?
Yes, and you too can get points at vognetwork.com.
That's vognetwork.com where we announced earlier this evening on Bobby Black Wolf Show.
All sorts of new loot now available on the site
and an awesome new feature for covering conventions.
There's a video to explain it all to you,
but in a nutshell, you will be able to direct our very own network,
Bobby Black Wolf representative, Bobby Black Wolf.
He will be at E3 answering your questions as you direct him on the show floor.
It's all explained for you at e3.vognetwork.com.
Check it out.
Let's get into how was your gaming week,
and we'll talk about the types of video games you've been playing this week.
Dark Soccer, why don't you start us off?
Lul, Mass Effect.
Of course.
No, no, no. Guess what?
I bought Dramamine so that I can do the makeup missions.
God, I'm awful.
I have ginger pills and Dramamine.
You bought drugs so you can play Mass Effect.
Yes.
Because last time I played...
Okay, last time I had a nice two-hour session of getting side missions out of the way,
and I literally had to stop playing after...
Stop it.
Do not YouTube me, Rob.
Rob.
Have you ever played...
Don't watch what I'm doing over here.
Keep talking.
So I decided that I didn't want to get motion sick again,
so I have plenty of things to keep me from getting sick to my stomach,
hopefully, just because I get super motion sick on Mako missions.
I also downloaded a bunch of...
It's called the ultimate high-res mod or something for the first Mass Effect
that has made my game look absolutely freaking gorgeous.
Like, pretty.
And so I have been...
I'm still on the stupid first mission right after a dumbass gets shot,
which we all know who dumbass is.
Jenkins, sorry.
So I am right after that part in my game,
and it kind of doesn't like all the mods,
but I don't care because it makes my game pretty.
And I play DDR.
So again, to clarify, you bought drugs so you could play a drug.
No.
I had the gender on.
Like I'm walking on sunshine.
Have you ever played Mass Effect?
Like I'm walking on sunshine.
No.
And for the record, anyone who's a fan of the first Mass Effect
that is interested in this mod, talk to me.
So I played a lot of DDR.
My calves hurt for the next two days.
And my skin did.
Oh no, I stretched.
I was doing yoga in an arcade, okay?
But it was very fun.
And so if you go to the one and only DDR machine
in all of Pace, Florida,
and you see D-Sakura explanation point,
that is me.
On two whole songs.
Two.
Until they reset the leaderboard at night.
Shut up.
But I was feeling old, so I passed Superstar and it made me good.
So yeah, I also played a lot of Midway Arcade
for tickets on my iPad.
Oh, I was like, the classic Midway games, like Joust and stuff.
Well yeah, but I was playing pool.
I could not stop playing stupid pool.
If you just want tickets in that game, just play the skeeball.
You can just go like this, fling fling fling fling fling fling fling tickets.
You play one game of pool and you get 200 points.
Even if you scratch it on your first one, you still get 75 points.
I didn't know that.
So yeah.
So I was like, pool, pool.
I was so mind numbingly bored.
Because like, people sleep.
It's like, I was still like, okay.
I actually managed to get off of West Coast time
because of the 40 hours I stayed awake due to
nine hour layovers, another three hour layover,
flight delays, waiting on my luggage.
Then lying to my face about where my luggage was,
when I laid down on my grandmother's bed,
for a moment I was like, oh, the bed's kind of crooked.
And then it was daylight.
So my time completely reset while I was there.
So I, but my, still my night owl thing was like,
it's eight o'clock and I'm not out doing stuff.
This is not me.
So it was very bizarre.
So yeah, I played a lot of Midway Arcade and Blazing Star.
Because I have Blazing Star on my iPad
and that game is awesome.
The end.
The end.
Loki, how about you?
Let's see.
Well, this week I played More Saints Row the Third,
just trying to finish up my last few achievements on there.
And then also played a bit of TrackMania.
We tried to do VOG Gaming Night on that
and it just wasn't having, it was weird
I did everything correctly.
Like one person was able to join my game,
everybody else was not able to join my game.
And then we decided, hey, let's play on a third party server.
So we just picked a server at random
that we were able to connect to.
And then it just like had the weirdest fucking tracks ever.
Just these giant maze tracks
that were impossible to figure out where the hell you were supposed to go.
It was ridiculous.
But we had a little bit of fun.
And then I played a little bit of Cave Story Plus.
And I'll say play a very little bit of Call of Duty
because everyone was flaking the entire week.
So that's pretty much it.
My gaming week.
Over the Memorial Day weekend I was staying with Captain Spike and Tim
who were on a previous episode a few weeks ago
at their Memorial Day soiree.
And so we played a few video games.
We watched them play Trivial Pursuit on the Xbox.
Which was kind of frustrating how long that game was going on
because you know it's Trivial Pursuit and LOL.
And we went out to GameStop one day randomly
to go find a cheap game to play.
And we ended up buying Wheel of Fortune.
I should say Spike ended up buying Wheel of Fortune on the Xbox 360.
And many lulls ensued.
What can I say about it?
I'm like, you know exactly what you're going to get
with a game like Wheel of Fortune.
Because you've seen the game show at some point in your life, yes?
Although I have to admit the characters are a little bit derpy
and some of the unlocks are a little bit silly.
But for 20 bucks, hey!
It provided a little bit of entertainment.
And some really, really hilarious instances where we were solving puzzles incorrectly
and throwing each other off and so forth.
So that was fun.
As far as other stuff I've been playing during the week,
I was keeping it retro.
And thanks to some conversations I was having on Twitter
with not just Spike but Jeremy from Koopa Club
and some of the other people I talk with on Twitter,
I was reminded that Mario 2 came out on Virtual Console for Wii U.
And I was like, oh, I had that on the Wii,
so I should just spend the dollar or whatever to upgrade it and play it.
And not only did I play it, I played it from start to finish.
Granted, I cheated and I used warps.
But I used only Luigi the whole way through the game.
In my nod to Year of Luigi, I beat Mario 2 using only Luigi.
And I'm going to tell you what.
Those ice stages that you have to play even when you warp suck with Luigi.
Yes, they do.
Because I'm used to using the princess to just float through those little,
not the shy guys, what do you call the flying ones with the pitchfork?
I don't remember their names.
The flurries? No, the flurries are the guys on the ground.
Yeah, the little dudes on the ground that look like little jiggly cuffs.
I don't remember what they're called. I call them bastards.
Yeah, they're little fuckers.
So the little fuckers are flying in the air and the princess is easy.
You just float in between them.
But not so easy when you're Luigi.
But I did it. I did it.
When I beat the game and that was fun.
So yeah, I was keeping it retro this week.
I got to say, there's something about Wii U Virtual Console
and I'm totally having to eat my words from what I said earlier on this program
about a year ago when I was like,
Wii U Virtual Console is going to be stupid.
Why would I pay money to upgrade and dah dah dah.
It's just a better experience and I can't put my finger on it.
I don't know if it's the HDMI.
I don't know if it's the sound from the tablet
and the sound from the speakers at the same time.
I don't know, but it is a better experience.
So, oops, I was wrong.
It happens.
So yeah, I was having fun with Mario 2 on Virtual Console
and then I was playing Warcraft because, you know, I'm...
Addict.
Well, I hit 90 with my Hunter, my Blood Elf Hunter.
My PVP character.
If you get sassy to 90...
Sassy is 87.
In a row? No.
When you get sassy to 90, I will re-up WoW for one month.
Just to play with sassy.
Because I like the braids. They float.
Jeremy is coaching me in chat, I guess, saying,
You warped. I said I warped.
My next goal is to do it without warping,
but unfortunately I'm on a work trip this week
and then I have all the E3 stuff.
Oh, I'm not going to E3. There's other stuff going on.
So it's going to be a little while before I can get through the game without warping.
But that's on the list.
Except for the fact that Animal Crossing comes out Sunday
and then the list will be shot because, yay, Animal Crossing.
Alright.
It actually comes out on Fri-
I thought it was Sunday. Yeah.
Nintendo games are usually Sunday.
Last of Us is coming out on a Friday.
Oh, is it this Friday?
Next Friday.
The E3 Friday? Wow.
I don't know why. Interesting.
Well, if no other big games are coming out, then why not?
Most of America doesn't go to E3, so it doesn't really matter.
Why a Friday street day? Just put it on Tuesday.
Why not? Just in time for the weekend.
Why do movies sometimes open on Wednesday?
They just- they do.
Rob. What?
Do you sometimes just wonder why?
Do you ever feel not so fresh?
First of all, I am incredibly crescent fresh.
And second of all, the answer to why?
Because.
And then deal with it.
See if that works with a six year old, by the way.
With the floating sunglasses.
Did you tell the child to deal with it and then have sunglasses land on your face?
No, but I'm going to do that next time.
That's hilarious to see Julian's reaction.
Alright, housekeeping.
Visit our Twitter.
Twitter.com slash O-L-R.
We are on Facebook as well.
Facebook.com slash Orange Launch Radio and on the Google Plus.
And of course, you want to visit our network.
Vog Network dot com.
Home to lots of great geeky podcasts
and geeky content, including video game reviews.
I know Act F just reviewed
Dust and Elysian Tail
was on the
site this week.
And of course, as I mentioned before,
lots of exciting stuff going on for E3.
So check out E3 dot vog network dot com.
We will be the second site that you check.
Not the first, we'll be the second.
And that's okay. We're number two.
Silver medal for VOG.
It'll be great.
Let's get into some news.
Speaking of Xbox One and all that.
Lots of clarifications since our last show.
Yes, Logie?
A little bit. This isn't really much of a clarification
other than just bragging.
Saying that they're investing one billion dollars
ONE BILLION DOLLARS
into the
putting games on the Xbox One.
So I'm assuming a lot of that
has to do with the 15 exclusives
that they, I guess, paid for.
And will be coming out the first year.
And then
didn't really hint at a whole lot
of what's coming other than
we know there's a Rare game coming.
And apparently Black Tusk Studios
is working on something.
Yeah.
Microsoft Studios
is obviously working on stuff.
We know that there's going to be a new Forza.
Remedy's got that Quantum Break game.
And EA's got some stuff.
Not necessarily exclusive, but
features that are somewhat
exclusive, I guess. I don't know.
So yeah.
They're spending quite a bit of money on that stuff.
Of course, we're going to have to
figure out what that is.
Maybe one of these announcements
has to do with a bunch of these
domains that they're registering, including
domains pertaining to a title called
Halo Spartan Assault.
Which doesn't sound
like a
you know, it almost sounds like
an arcade game or something. Like a
spin-off.
So, I guess we'll have to wait
and see. Could it be maybe an upgrade
or something? I'm hoping
it's not that. Remember, wasn't
there supposed to be like a
Kinect-powered
game or something like that?
Remember, they were doing that with Gears of War,
I remember. Maybe it's like a Kinect
Halo game or something.
I don't know.
Joy, I can flail around and choose
weapons. Didn't one of the Halo
games like ODST or something incorporate Kinect?
Like, you could shout
grenade and it was your grenade? No, that was the
Halo Combat Evolved HD
thing. Oh yeah, that one.
Combat Evolved Anniversary.
Where you can shout grenade. There was a lot
of Halo games. I'm sorry, can you shout grenade
faster than you can press a button? No.
No, you cannot. And that's
assuming that the Kinect hears you and understands
what you asked for. It would only be useful
as if what you're yelling is, how do I throw a grenade?
It just does it.
Oh hey, it worked! How do I throw
a grenade? Anyway.
Win!
Speaking of
the Kinect being able to hear you,
one of the controversial things, of course, we
got into during last week's show, I
expressed that this concerns me a little bit.
DarkSakura certainly expressed earlier this
concerns her a bit. And you
know who else is concerned? Germany.
Well, anyway, the
German Federal Commissioner for Data Protection
and Freedom of Information. I did
not know that such a position existed in Germany,
but I guess it makes sense.
Certainly you want to make sure that
everything is regulated
when it comes to those exchanges,
but to a fault.
Anyhow, he calls it the
Xbox One Kinect
monitoring device.
That's because it is. It is.
And he goes on to say,
under the heading game device, this is through
a translation that he mentioned
with the website
Spiegel.de, but this is through
a translation, under the heading
game device, Microsoft
pushes a monitoring device in the market.
The Xbox continuously records
all sorts of personal information about me.
Reaction rates, my learning
or emotional states, these are then
processed on an external server and
possibly even passed on to third parties.
Whether they will ever be deleted,
the person cannot influence.
It absolutely is.
It's what it is. It's marketing
metrics is what it is. They're going to be
listening to
stuff that you're talking about, and they're going to
advertise to you. They're going to target advertising.
And it's just like on Facebook
where they try to target advertising,
but they're going to also make sure that
hey, are you paying attention to
those ads? What ads are
interesting you? That kind of stuff.
So they're going into greater detail. And that information
is worth a ton
of money. So on top of
them making money off the console
and live and all that stuff and advertising
on the front page even though
you're paying for an online service,
they're going to be selling your marketing data
for a ton of money because they can do
that. That's why you're getting achievements for watching TV.
It's because you're watching the ads.
Because they're getting all that ad data.
Well, in Microsoft's
defense, kind of the counter to this
was from Microsoft corporate vice
president Phil Harrison. And if that
name sounds familiar, it's because he used to work for a
different video game company, but now he works for Microsoft.
And he was talking to Eurogamer about
privacy concerns, and he said that Microsoft
is a quote, leader in the world of
privacy. Continuing, we aren't
using Kinect to snoop on anybody at
all. We listen for the word
box on, then switch on the machine.
But we don't transmit personal data
in any way, shape or form
that could be
personally identifiable to you
unless you explicitly opt into
that. What's interesting about that is
that basically he's saying it is there.
You just have to opt into it, right?
And I remember their excuse was, well, but you can
turn the console off. You can
power the console off.
Unplug it.
So it sounds to me like Microsoft is
going to have to really clarify this. And it's
a valid concern about this. You know, when I got into
this last week is that I don't want no
Xbox filming me when I'm running around in my underwear
trying to get coffee in the morning or whatever.
You know, I don't need that. You know?
Who knows? Who knows what might be said
when I yell to Allen in the other
room and suddenly I'm calling dark
soccer on Kinect and things are awkward.
You know what I mean?
All I gotta say is you're going to be
getting a lot of targeted Pinkberry advertisements.
And
and Keurig.
Right? Pinkberry and Keurig. Right?
I'll be there with you.
Except for the Keurig part.
You said to buy enough of it.
Just saying if I ever get the console, I'm just
talking about pornography whenever I'm in front of it.
Here's what I was thinking about
though with the Xbox One
is that if I get one, which you know
I'm still on the fence. I don't feel
as strongly as Jamie does, what she said
earlier in the show, but I kind of have
very similar concerns to what she already said.
To me it's very similar to how I
felt with the Wii U. It's like, okay
that's cool. Do I feel like buying one
right now? No. I don't feel like buying one.
But I like that my Wii U is off.
You know what I mean? And if I wanted
to cover the little camera on the
little device, or I can just
flip it to the wall or whatever, and it still works
just fine. You know? No worries. Right?
So
here's my thing is that I think
Microsoft needs to clarify some of this.
And I think they will, but
in a way, if it's just left at what
Phil Harrison is saying, he's basically
saying, what? Don't you trust us?
We're a leader in privacy information.
Don't you trust us? What are you talking about? No one got hacked
before. Money wasn't stolen.
Fact, guys. Fact.
You want me to trust a company that
fact sold a bunch of
broken Xboxes that would break after
several days of
use. My Xbox
360 Red Ring two days after I bought
it. That is a fact. Fact.
I had money stolen from my Xbox
Live account by a hacker, and to this day,
Microsoft will not acknowledge that there was
a breach, and instead they deflect
blame on the user. That is a fact.
And you want me to trust you?
You need to be a little
bit more transparent with what's
going on. That's the reality.
And if I want to turn that fucker off,
then I should be able to turn it off.
Period. It should not require
that thing to be on for any reason.
Here's my other question.
What if I just unplug
the fucking thing so it doesn't have a power
source? What if I just unplug
it when I don't want to use it?
Is that going to cause it to malfunction?
Because I could just put it on a switch
and have a little on-off switch.
No, you don't even have to do that.
It's just like the PlayStation 3
where there's a power
switch on the back of the console, and you
can flip it off.
But they're just saying, though, if you're going to leave
it in standby mode or whatever, that the
microphone's going to be always listening to you so that
you can say, on, and it
will turn the Xbox on. You know what? I read
1984.
Hey, did we leave the Xbox
on? Ah, fuck. It's turned on
again.
Rama in our chatroom at live.vognetwork.com
says, say what you will about Microsoft,
but they handled the security breach a hell of a lot
better than Sony.
Yes and no.
Sony at least admitted there was a problem.
I didn't actually have any money
stolen from my Sony and
that whole thing. Nobody hacked into that or stole
anything. And Sony did
have to give a lot away
with that and the whole, you know, free games
and everything. I'm not saying that makes
it right. What happened with Sony was
not cool and was something
they needed to have their feet to the fire held to.
But I kind of feel like
that was done and they paid for that
in the court of public opinion. I'm not
so sure Microsoft ever had to pay for that.
But they're gonna pay for this in the court of public opinion.
And you're starting to see it in, you know,
what Germany is. I mean, this is much
bigger news than you guys think. Germany
is freaking crazy when it comes to privacy laws.
Which I don't think anybody
here is gonna really have a problem with, right? Germany
is a leader in some regards in that,
when it comes to the privacy. So,
you know, if it's gonna come to the point where
like, yo, the Xbox will not be sold in Germany
unless they allow you to turn it off.
That's gonna cause a policy change.
It's gonna have to.
I think it's stupid anyways to have, cause
let's just, I understand that the interface
stuff uses the Kinect.
Whoopdy shit. Do I really wanna, do I need
to use that? I mean, is that really
something that I need to use? I mean,
why even bother with it?
Just have it where you can unplug it and
if it's a game that requires Kinect,
and I mean, requires it, not like
shouting grenade
or some bullshit like that. But if it requires
Kinect, then have it plug in. That way
they can still program the games, cause they know
that there's gonna be a Kinect there, you just
plug it in. But, you know, the whole thing
is, if it's not gonna work with the
Kinect, what if the Kinect, you know, what if
a cat knocks the Kinect
off your shelf and it breaks?
Fuck, now you can't play your console because
your stupid Kinect that you weren't using anyways
for stuff is just,
it's broken. Alright, in the interest
of time, I'm gonna, go ahead,
final thought. Wasn't it also
Germany that sorta had Nintendo by the balls
for legalities? Yes, it was the, uh,
the whole, did the whole zombie you
sell late at night thing, wasn't that a
Germany rooted thing? Yeah. So, and
we saw how, you know, they had to work out
a deal to get that to go, so I think
that whatever comes out
of Germany, if it doesn't, if it doesn't
fly legally on the international
stage, they're gonna have to make changes.
Alright, regardless, admittedly,
we are making a lot of
opinions here based on
cloudy information, so Microsoft,
I look to you to clear up some of this cloudiness at
E3, and we will reformulate our opinions
at that time if need be, but this just
shows there are questions that have to be answered.
Let's hope Microsoft answers them in a week.
We'll know, well, a week and a half, and a week and a
half, we'll know. Hopefully, this
will all be over, and it'll all be just a
dream. It'll be like that one
season of Dallas. Anyway, DarkSakura. Well,
speaking of international stage, the Xbox
One is going to be region locked.
So, everything that comes out
must match the region, and this
is something Microsoft told Digital Trends.
We've already
pretty much seen this anyway.
It's not a big surprise,
but they are going to
keep everything to country-specific
guidelines
before they're cleared to sail.
I think before
they were saying that it was up to the developer
or the publisher
or whatever they wanted it to be region locked or not.
A lot of games for the Xbox,
they don't go advertising, but a lot of them
are region-free.
It's just that not everything
is, and a lot of them are not,
but it's kind of a mix,
whereas everything on the PlayStation 3 is
region-free.
So, I think if they leave it how it is,
then that's fine, but I'm not surprised.
If it is up to the studio,
that's one thing, but
the quote here says,
must match.
It's very...
Here's where I'm at with this.
I hear this, and I'm like,
yet again, it's something that's a little unclear,
and it's a little disappointing, but sadly,
I can't go, Microsoft,
I totally blame you for doing this, because
it's a real unfortunate trend.
The only thing we saw that really bucked the trend
recently was the PlayStation 3.
The original DS was region-free?
Yes.
All the handheld systems up to the 3DS were region-free,
and then the PS3 was
region-free as well.
So, I can't fault Microsoft alone for this,
but it is worth saying, and we've said it many times
on this show, being that this show started
out of a very Japanese-centric video game,
a bunch of games,
including BeatMania,
and Dance Dance Revolution,
and all that.
I think there's going to come a time when companies
need to realize,
gaming companies tear down
this wall!
Why do we keep separating?
We are a global community.
I mean, yeah, we're becoming more and more
an economy. There's a lot of people here who would like
to play some of the shit that's out in Japan.
There's a lot of people in Europe that would like to play some of the stuff
that comes out here. It's like, when are we going to get
a global console? Why does everything
still have to be separated?
I know you're all sitting there
answering the question for me, that
it has to do with licensing, especially when you get into
those music-based games. A lot of it is licensed by
region. But I'm just saying,
the internet has got to force
some of our ways of thinking in this,
to modernize. And we need to globalize
some of this stuff a little more and make more
games region-free, because
I'm going to be open and honest.
Region locks on the PlayStation 1
is what drove me to piracy.
I don't think there's really a whole ton of
region locking on
IOS games or anything like that.
I mean, let's be honest
here. There's not all these IOS games
that have great
soundtracks and high development
costs, that type of thing. But there are a few.
And I know there are some music games
out there that
aren't region locked, so
why can they get away with it
when the consoles can't?
Well, this is what I think.
If you leave everything completely
region-free, and then just
impose import taxes,
it's the same thing I've sort of suggested
being done for companies that outsource.
Tax the crap out of them so that
they'd be more inclined to keep jobs
over here. But other than that,
if a company is going to have
say that everything's
region-free, will then
make it a little bit more expensive to import.
Have an import, you know.
Well, I always thought it was really cool that
there was a handful of games
on the 360 that were Japanese
where they didn't bother to translate them.
Like Death Smiles? Yeah, they just put them up
on the marketplace like, if you want to pay 40 bucks for it,
here you go. Yay!
We bought that Death Smiles Special
Edition, which was pretty much
the exact same. Yeah.
I wish more game companies did
that stuff. Well, they just did that.
They had a new Dawn of Apache game that
came out, Slide.io.
Well, I mean, if they are going to
region-lock the Xbox One or whatever,
I hope we see more stuff like that. But I just think
region-locking is kind of a dated
thing.
Anyway, more news.
Yeah.
So, let's see. Let's talk
a little bit about Sony.
I can get away from Microsoft here.
Sony is going to be
forcing all publishers and developers
to have their titles that are going to be
on the PlayStation 4 compatible with remote play
on the Vita.
I think that's kind of cool, actually.
More reasons than via Vita.
It's a smart
little jab at Nintendo
and the fact that a lot of the whole
Wii U is the whole off-screen
play, Nintendo won't be able to
claim exclusivity
to that anymore.
Although, granted, the Vita is a
separate device, it's probably going to cost you more
to do it via the PS4.
It's a
logical movement of the
chess piece, if you will.
But it's even better, though, than just off-screen
play with the Wii U because if you're in a
Wi-Fi hotspot somewhere else,
and I'm assuming that this is all going to be streamed
through their Gaikai stuff now,
you're going to be able to play your games
away from home.
Oh, interesting. I didn't even think of that.
I was just assuming it would be very
and I didn't even think it would necessarily
be Wi-Fi, but that's very
interesting.
I think it's just going to be wherever you are.
That would be kind of cool.
That would be really cool if it would work, but if you have an
internet connection like what we have here trying to do the show,
it might drop out.
LOL game over.
As a concept,
back in the days of Neo Geo where you had the memory card
where you could play on the arcade and then take it
home if you had the system, wouldn't
it sort of be almost the same thing?
Especially if you
incorporated the share function?
Actually, Jamie, now that I think about it,
the PS3 and the PSP,
yes, PSP, do this today.
We talked about this on the show, how this is a
horribly underlooked feature
of these consoles, but if I'm
at a friend's house on their
Wi-Fi, if I have my PlayStation 3
set to listen for it, I can power
on my PlayStation 3 from my
friend's house and over the Wi-Fi,
navigate my PlayStation 3.
All this technology is there right now.
It's just that it's slow as shit
and you can't play games through it.
You can only do things like watch movies
and even then they're going to be a little bit shotty.
Maybe music would work.
But look at where the technology is going to be in two years.
Exactly. Now that Sony has Gaikai, what if
PlayStation 4, and Loki, I think you hit the nail on the
head, what if the PlayStation 4 is a
Gaikai box and they're leveraging that technology
to oomph that up a lot?
We're already looking
into these
massive
advancements in
communication regardless.
They're already working on quantum communication.
What's
to say that in five, ten years
this is going to be the norm?
It's always harder to look ahead in a way
because honestly, think back to when
we were like nine and ten years old.
We'll even go a little
later. I know
a lot of our listeners are younger, something that maybe a lot
of you guys remember. So think to the time
that was like 1990, 91 or so
when the Super Nintendo was big.
And the Super Nintendo was first coming out.
When you first saw that Mode 7 for the first time
it's like, oh my
god, I'm really flying.
This shit is real.
Or Star Fox.
Right? Stunt Race.
That shit was amazing and we were like
this is real on my TV.
This is the future.
And who would have thought
anything like Bluray
would exist 25 years
from then, which is where we are now.
And that it would be replacing, you know,
all of us back in the day who said laserdisc
was the future, we were right.
All of that came from laserdisc
technology. In a way.
Yeah, but digital encoding.
Who knew that we would be replacing all of
our TVs? Who knew we wouldn't have to change
sides? Who knew
who knew that the government
would come in and say
everybody must switch from analog to
digital. Like, we are going to switch as a country
from analog to digital signals for TV.
Like, that's just, you know, you don't know.
Who knows where we're going to be in 25 years?
Who knew? It's exciting and scary.
Back when I was playing kangaroo
on the Atari 2600
that I would be playing Mass Effect today.
Who knew
three years ago on this show
when you were like, I don't want to play that game.
It's like a stupid shoot about, I don't want to play
that. More like
dumb effect. I don't want to
romance the blue chick.
Which I did once just so I could dump her.
Which is hilarious.
Just saying.
Alright. Anyhow.
Well, in about 25
years, that might be the time when you can
actually play Blizzard's next MMO.
They've been working on a new game
that's called Titan, but that's a
code name. That is not the final name of the game.
That's just the code name internally. But it
came out this week from a site named VentureBeat
that there had been some big changes
with Titan. Blizzard internally
has postponed this game. There were
100 people working on the project, but this has
been reduced to 30. The other
folks had been put to work on other games.
Titan never had a release
date. It was never really confirmed by Blizzard.
But again, rumor and
all this, you know, speak is
saying that now the game will not be ready
until 2016. Well now,
usually I would just say whatever
it's a rumor, you know, I
don't know what to think about this. But
the network Xam, which
runs some popular World of Warcraft
sites like Wowhead, if you've played Wow, you probably
know that site, wowhead.com. Oh, Wowhead.
They reached out to Blizzard
and Blizzard actually said,
quote, we've always had a
highly iterative development process and the
unannounced MMO is no exception.
We've come to a point where we need to make some large
design and technology changes to the game.
We're using this opportunity to shift some of
our resources to assist with other projects, while
the core team adapts our technology
and tools to accommodate these new
changes. Note that we haven't announced any
dates for the MMO.
They kind of confirmed it
by saying that, which is really weird.
Like, you just would not expect Blizzard to
be that transparent, but they said
that. So,
but if you kind of look at what they're saying,
they're holding the game back to make technology
changes. That says to me, this thing
has been in development so long that
now it's looking old. It's been in
development Duke Nukem forever long.
In a way. I mean, I don't think it's been in
development Diablo 3 long, but it's getting
there. This thing's been in development for quite
a while. Now, granted, I
for one can't get upset about a game I
know literally nothing about. I mean,
it's exciting to know that Blizzard is working on
some secret unannounced project,
but I'm very happy to hear that nobody was laid
off. And if they shifted these
people to other resources, that just means
their other shit will get done faster, like
Hearthstone, the next WoW expansion might be
that much better for it. Maybe this
Blizzard Dota clone
that's All-Stars Blizzard characters,
maybe that will be that much better and will
actually come out sometime soon. Maybe we'll see that at
BlizzCon. Who knows? But,
so I can't say I'm going to get upset about this news,
especially hearing that they're going to shift the resources elsewhere,
but, you know,
it's a little bit, you kind of want to go,
I wish I could see what Blizzard's going to do that's like,
that's not Warcraft.
And granted, this could be World of Warcraft 2.
It could be.
Oh no, it took
Ragnarok Online long enough to get to a sequel.
I sort of think, I don't know, Tinfoil Hat
maybe, but I sort of think that the
next WoW expansion is going to finally
give that big graphical upgrade that's
going to modernize it, and they're not going to need
a World of Warcraft 2. Like, I just,
I just don't see Blizzard trying to make that happen
because it doesn't always happen so well for other
MMOs. But, then again,
Guild Wars and Guild Wars 2, coexisting
fine. Final Fantasy 11,
Final Fantasy XIV Reborn,
too soon to tell, but
looks promising.
Final Fantasy XIV, sorry,
pretty. Yeah, no, I know.
Cannot wait. Well, that's the importance of technology.
So, alright, anyhow,
one more story and then release dates. Dark Sakura.
Well, in other news,
and, god, what a disgusting ad
on this page.
Um, there,
okay, who remembers the rumor,
the big urban legend, about
a bajillion Atari
2600 ET cartridges
being buried.
I've definitely heard that, but they were melted
down before they were buried.
That's what I heard, and I think that's important to know.
Well, um, there is an
Ontario-based production company
called Fuel that
has signed a deal with
the, uh, basically,
it's a town in New Mexico,
I'm gonna ruin this, Alamogordo?
Alamogordo. Alamogordo, thank you.
Where the landfill
that supposedly, not just
E3 cartridges, but a ton of
Atari prototypes, prototype games,
prototype systems, anything that
was in development that they ended up not releasing
going into this dump. And the city
has given this production
company permission
to go digging through the dump.
They're going huge dumpster diving
in a landfill. This is digging
up a dead body
to see what the real cause of death was.
This is what this is.
To do a DNA test.
To give history to the urban legend,
they basically believed, and it wasn't melted down,
that they were crushed.
And loaded into, um,
semis and then buried.
Um,
but the, uh,
basically the mayor of there is saying
that they, uh, want people to find out
about the town because of the
landfill.
They're hoping it's good PR for the town.
So now it's a tourist thing. We have a bunch of shit games
in the dumpster back here.
Although, you know what, if they're prototypes
and stuff too though, that's the real gold mine.
Well, and you know that, um,
there are people who have, I'm saying,
escaped with prototypes
just in jest.
But you find a lot of 5200
prototypes, um,
online for sale. Where people have
gotten legit ROM dumps
and reconstituted
them for sale.
Our copy of Millipede for 5200
was, um, a, uh,
prototype.
But they crushed these, I mean, I had always heard they melted them down
but crushed makes a lot more sense.
You put them in the trash compactor and they crush down. They did that so that
looters wouldn't dig them up and try to sell them.
So, I mean, but then,
what's the point? You're gonna dig up
literally garbage that doesn't work.
It's 25 years old. Those things,
if a board is sitting outside a case that long
it's not gonna work. But if a memory chip
happens to have been compressed within
Good luck. I know, but
but the whole thing is that
the
there's a chance that it exists.
And people who
especially big
video game history buffs, Atari
fans, they're gonna drop
you know, the opportunity
to take, to see if there is
anything salvageable. Uh, Dungeon
Buster in our chatroom at live.vognetwork.com
ET sucks. Dungeon Buster in the chatroom
at live.vognetwork.com says, I hope
that doesn't turn into another Capone's vault.
Will Geraldo Rivera be there when they
unearth the big massive ET cartridges?
Will he be there, live?
Does he have a career still?
No? So yes,
he will be.
He didn't, didn't the angry
video game nerd, like that was like the
basis of his movie was going to the dump to find
if the game exists. I
don't even know. I never saw it.
All right. Well, if we're done with the Atari story, I want
to go back real quick to the Titan thing because Technus
in our chatroom at live.vognetwork.com made a very
good point about this. I want to throw this out there.
Technus says, I would speculate that
Bungie beat them to the punch with
Destiny and they needed to reset
after Activision picked up Bungie.
That's a really good theory
because again, rumors and
whisperings and you know, who knows
how much we can lend to this, but I did
hear that Titan was quite a bit like what
Destiny sounds like it's going to be. That
it was less of a shooter per se,
but that a lot of the same stuff they're talking
about implementing with
Destiny was supposed to be the types of stuff they
were doing with Titan too. You know,
take with a gigantic grain of salt.
Take with an entire can of salt actually.
Take with all the salt in the ocean. Salt lick.
Salt lick.
There you go. I have to
quote Queen Semia in chat. They find Hafa
under the pile. Plot twist.
Masked Bishop with some strong
opinions on Realm Reborn.
By the way, Final Fantasy XIV Realm
Reborn will succeed. If you think
Square Enix will let the Final Fantasy franchise
fail, you're sadly mistaken.
Final Fantasy XIV Realm
Reborn will be the next game changer.
I'll say this much, it's
impressive that they, I mean,
the second half of what he said at least
is true because Square
Enix put a lot of money to
basically redo the fucking game
from scratch. And you can see it.
You can really tell.
It's going to be interesting. Free to play
Final Fantasy XI. Come on.
Wouldn't that be something?
We'll see. Alright, let's check out
some games that will be coming out a little bit
sooner than Final Fantasy XV
or whatever else
we're thinking about here. Release dates.
Alright, so this week we've got PlayStation 3
or on PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360. Remember
me? Coming out from Capcom.
Receiving kind of mixed reviews, but
whatever. Animal
Crossing on the 3DS or
Animal Crossing New Leaf
on the 3DS because there's
one single new leaf
in the game and the rest is all the same as the last
one.
The Skyrim,
Elder Scrolls V Skyrim Legendary Edition
kind of re-released the game with the
DLC on PlayStation 3, Xbox 360
and PC.
And at long
last, if you don't have the
internet and you
want to play Minecraft, Minecraft
on the Xbox 360, the Xbox
360 version is coming out as a
disc version. That might be a
good one for the Xbox 360 in the kid's
room that's not hooked up to the internet.
I could see that being a plus because Minecraft
is a pretty friendly kid's game. It is an awesome
game. So,
there's that. And that's
pretty much it this week.
Alright, coming out
in Japan on the PlayStation 3
Galgun gets a price reduction into the
best series. Haha, yeah. And there's
another game called
Narawatera Gakuen
Gekijoban Anime
and Complete Setting Book Hybrid
Disc. So I think this is actually the
anime and like a game
based on the anime all on one disc.
That is my, because you see this happening more
and more in Japan where you get
like the bundled Blu-ray that
has a game and a movie or at least, you know
two separate Blu-rays or whatever
in a bundle collection. On the
Xbox 360, Halo Origin Pack
this week in Japan for all
you Halo fans in Origin. Also, Minecraft
Xbox 360 edition, the standalone game
is out in Japan as well. And a new
camouflage 360 wireless controller
in Japan. I guess this is to go with the Halo
Origin Pack. Which by the way
quickly while it's on my mind
do you think Microsoft at E3
is going to have anything to kind of throw something
at Japan to try and make it
work there? I don't think they're going to try.
Really? Yeah. I thought I read somewhere that
they did say they are committed to Japan but
that could have just been smoke up my ass. I don't know. I think it's smoke
up their ass. They'll release a game with
a pillow and a clock. It's just
I think the market's so small there
now. It's just, I don't know
they're just more focused on the larger market.
Microsoft's market is small but
certainly there's, handhelds
is really what it seems to be about.
Nothing of note on the
PlayStation Vita this week.
Looking at, oh I already did
Xbox 360. Way to go.
Seeing if there's anything on the Wii U. Actually yes,
Rabbids Land is supposed to be out in Japan this week.
The game that got delayed here
supposedly coming out in Japan.
No, Rabbids Land was a launch title
for the Wii U. Oh, I'm thinking of the
other Rabbids game. Yeah, you're thinking of Rayman
Legends. My bad. My bad.
Let's see, on the
3DS in Japan this week
nothing of note.
On the PSP this week
God Eater Burst gets a price
reduction. So lots of price
reductions this week but really not a lot of new games
until we get to about June 20th.
Seems to be when the next batch of big games comes out.
Really
nothing to say on Nintendo 3DS either.
Japan gets Donkey Kong Returns 3D
next week on the 13th
and a metallic red DS to go with that.
I did pick up Donkey Kong Country Returns by the way
for my DS. Haven't really played enough of it yet
to review it though. On my plane
ride this week I plan to play some more of it so
I'll let you know. Did I tell you we might finally
be getting 3DSes? Oh no,
that's great. Because there's gonna be
like a new massive
uh
I know Apollo Justice is in it.
I'm trying to remember. Oh, Phoenix Wright.
Phoenix Wright, thank you.
A new game coming out and Fire Emblem
and then I want
Animal Crossing.
Alright, how about the UK? What's coming out over there?
Some stuff. On the 3rd we have
Gunpoint for PC
and Scrolls for PC and Mac
and on 7th we have Remember Me
PC, Xbox 360, PS3 and that would be it.
To register participation for this week's
episode of Orange Lounge Radio at
vognetwork.com, use the passphrase
OVEN.
Just a couple more stories for you guys than the classic
game of the week, but first, Loki.
Um, so this is kind of
I guess
the best news that could come out of the situation
because we know that this is only alluding to
worse things to come
on the next gen consoles
but EA is eliminating, they
already went ahead and said that they're not gonna have
the online pass in any future games
and now they're going back and retroactively
taking away the online pass
from all the old games as well
so the online pass now is free
so if you wanna, you know
play a used EA game
that had the online pass, you buy the game
and then you activate
the online pass for free. So that's
nice.
There's just something about this.
As we just continue
online pass for our new EA titles
we're also in the process of eliminating it from our
existing EA titles. We heard the feedback
from players and decided to do away with
the online pass altogether.
Yeah.
I don't trust them. I totally
believe that you, oh what we're doing
is wrong. You know what?
I don't know what it is. I don't know what it is
and maybe I am just being
a jerk, but it's like one of those things where it's like
are you sure that when you download the free
thing it doesn't say, uh, but you
are giving us your soul? Like are you sure there's
nothing in there like that? I just
worry. I'm sorry but
I know better.
It's just, it's
so much bullshit. I just don't
believe any of that crap.
I roll my eyes.
We've made too much money
America and the world and
we're just gonna stop making
extra money now because we have all the money that
we need to run those servers now so we don't need
any of your online passes anymore because
servers all of a sudden got cheaper to run.
No, I'm sorry. That's
this is a company that makes
money. They're not gonna say, hey, we
hate money all of a sudden. Right?
No. There's just something I don't
trust.
Call me a conspiracy
there. Or maybe, you know, if
I take this as an actual
legit sign, maybe it's them trying to get away from the
business tactics of the former CEO.
Now you're being
nice. I know. I've decided to
play angels advocate.
Or it could be
in-game purchases
in Dead Space 3
in future games.
But if
I want to put it at a non-conspiracy
theory point of view, even though
I trust EA as far as
I can pick up the entire building and
nudge it,
maybe
it is trying to separate themselves from former business
practice. Or it's trying to get people to
install Origin, which I will not fucking
do.
Tigerclaw with a theory in chat at
live.vognetware.com says, EA removes
the online pass
so people can play the used
games online. And then a few months later,
EA shuts down the online servers to those games.
Actually,
that is kind of funny. But here's the thing
with some of these games. They're
not online games.
That was the thing that was
kind of the funny part about the online pass. Remember
like, Dragon Age Origins,
Dragon Age 2.
Mass Effect 2 had that Cerberus pass, and it wasn't
really, you didn't play online.
It was DLC.
My hope is that with all of this
that it means I won't have to fucking be online
for my DLC in Mass Effect 3 to load.
Because I paid for a lot of it.
Okay, I'm a
consumer whore, I don't care.
And how.
Yeah, mister, I'm gonna
buy Mass Effect 3 trilogy and
run it on Xbox and PC.
You know what, you're worse than me, okay?
Okay, well,
maybe I play more than you do.
I play other games too, though.
You're seriously like my dealer, you and
Shane. I blame you
for everything that happens in my life.
Shane is worse. And I haven't started on
Persona, so.
Don't resist. I will resist.
My will is strong.
My will is titanium. By the way, there's now
music from Persona 4 in rotation at
I just put some in today.
You know what, I actually kind of
I'm playing too much shit already.
Alright.
Going to one more story here.
This actually came up last week, but
it's too good for us to skip completely on our
show. We've gotta mention it. Actually, maybe
it, I don't, when did this finish? I think it
finished like on Saturday or Sunday
of last week. But anyhow, here's the
deal. So, did you guys ever check out the
iPhone and Android game? Curiosity!
What's in the cube?
It's Peter Molyneux's dick
in a box. Remember this game where you
tap the little cube? If this was last week, this
was me not having much in the way of internet
access, except for Tumblr.
Finally, what was in the box
was revealed. Some dude opened
the box. You win nothing!
You're so stupid!
Well, here's what's
amazing. The guy who won is an
18 year old guy, Brian Henderson. He
lives in Edinburgh. And he
won. And the great thing about
it, he ended up tweeting or saying in an
interview, I don't remember where it was, but he said,
yeah, I just downloaded the game an hour
before I won it.
So, what was in
the goddamn cube? See, I would have
played to the very end, too, if I had remembered
that it was ending, but I was just like, eh, I don't fucking
care. Here's, guess what was in the
goddamn cube. I'm sure many of you have heard, but here's
what was in the cube.
You, again, now 22Cans
is, they did Curiosity. Their next
project is like a populous reimagining
called Goddess. Well,
Brian will be
the god in Goddess.
At the
Stardust. No.
But he will be, he will be in...
You don't know shit.
I can't believe this.
Some new kid from the
street won this. You don't
know shit.
You are a whore, darlin'.
A show where we can fall into
showgirls' quotes is a good show.
That game is called Goddess, and it just
makes me think of showgirls. Sorry, Nomi Malone.
That's right. Nomi Malone from
Edinburgh.
I'm sorry to this kid. This poor kid didn't ask
for this, so I'm very sorry.
But I'm gonna make the joke anyway. I'm doing the hand
flashies in my head.
Nomi Malone
from Edinburgh opened the
cube and will get to be the god
in Goddess.
And apparently,
not only will he be the god, but he will
have a hand in creating the rules that will
govern the game. So it's
his rules, or get out, and Brian
gets to share in the revenue
generated by Goddess. But they're saying
in one year, he could be
pushed down a flight of stairs
and a new Goddess
could emerge.
Here's the thing.
When did this
whole thing, this cube
thing launched, like what, seven months
ago, right? Didn't Goddess
get kick-started midway through
this project? Kick-started? Yeah, that's
my new verb. Didn't it get kick-started?
Where would it be kick-started? Kick-started.
Cause the website is kick-starter.
Not kick-start. Alright.
Are you gonna kick-start my heart? No.
So Goddess got
kick-started halfway through
the run of
cube. What if it hadn't gone
through? Then what would have been
in the cube?
I got you!
You are making this shit
up as you go along, Peter Molyneux.
I got you!
Shrugner's box
or whatever, it's basically...
There's a dead cat who's not dead.
Yeah, so it's Goddess, but
not Goddess. We won't
know, because it was Goddess in the box
and not Goddess dead
having eaten the poison.
You know what it would have been?
It would have been a dog.
He would have adopted a dog for you. It would have been
life-changing.
A dog. Or,
guess what?
I've got this
boy named Milo, and you're going to
adopt him.
Having kids is gonna
change your life.
Milo will change your life.
Milo needs
his diaper changed every five seconds
and you'll want to die.
Alright, well we reached out to Peter Molyneux
for comment on Goddess, and this is what
he had to say.
Must be weird not having anybody come on you.
What does that even mean?
What does that
even mean?
That was a quote from
Showgirls, get it? Alright. I will give you the
best Fable game ever made.
It's Fable
Fable the Journey. It uses
Kinect. It's fantastic. It's not on
rails. It's not on rails.
Oh, shit. Alright, let's go. Hey, I'll tell you what.
You know what? I've been inside the box if
perhaps Peter Molyneux wasn't backing this
and it was the Steam Box.
Hats! Would have been fucking hats.
Lots of hats. Hats, hats, hats.
Let's travel.
Let's travel back. Do we have like a
gif?
I think
it's funny that we both grunted at him
at the same time.
I don't care what he said.
It is gif. I do not care.
I disavow him. Anyway, wouldn't it be
awesome if they had like an animated gif?
They had like, you know, the Matrix thing
where all these hats come in. We're gonna need hats.
Woof.
Okay, Rob, you sounded like
Grover slash Yoda.
Near
far.
Let's travel back to a time.
When gaming was
so much simpler. When you know what
Elizabeth Berkley was Jessie Spano
and you hadn't seen her boobies yet. It's a much
simpler time. It's the classic game
of the week. Dark
Sakura, what is the classic game of the week?
Sonic R.
Yes, it is Sonic R. I have finally
decided to do fucking Sonic R.
So.
Sonic R
was done by Traveler's Tales
and Sonic Team and it came
out on the Sega Saturn
and Windows.
It was out for Windows, which actually,
if you've got a decent graphics card, the Windows version
actually looks a lot better and plays better.
It came out in the US on October 31,
1997 and then
later it came out in
Europe, Australia, and Japan all at the same time
and was re-released for PlayStation 2
and the GameCube as part of
the Sonic Gems collection.
It is basically
the last of the
two, I'm sorry, the third Sonic
racing game and the last of
two games that was done by Traveler's Tales
and Sonic Team. So basically, it's a huge
foot race. That's what the game is.
And it's single or
multiplayer. You can race.
You have ten different Sonic characters
and
you know, you can pick
up like, you have to collect
rings on the way to open up different parts of
the race track. You also
can get like
different shields like what's
in Sonic 3. Like you can actually get a lightning
shield that attracts rings to you.
And you
have different areas
that are sort of based off of
various places
in the different Sonic games. Like you have a place
that looks like the Green Hill Zone and a place that looks like
the Chemical Plant. You
have those item panels like I was talking about
that give you different abilities
as you go. Like you can run on water
or attract rings. And
then you get Sonic Tokens and
Chaos Emeralds. And the Chaos Emeralds
help you unlock secret characters.
You also have different kinds of weather.
You have clear, you have rain, you have snow.
But the snow does
make the water free so you can run over
it instead of being slowed
down by it. And
you have a time attack mode to see basically
who has the fastest time. So
the characters in this one
is you are, let's see,
you have Sonic and he has double jump.
He's also the fastest. Tails
actually has the ability to fly. Knuckles
can glide.
And then you have Amy
Rose who actually drives a car. And she
can hover over water and gets extra
speed boost. For
your secret characters you have
Robotnik, also known as Eggman.
He has a hovercraft
and can resist terrain. You have
Metal Sonic. You have
a Tails doll and you have
Metal Knuckles. You have
Egg Robo and Super
Sonic. So basically when you have all the Chaos
Emeralds you can play as Super Sonic and you just
sort of float over everything.
The game actually
came out after Sonic 3D Blast
when Sega was working with Traveler's
Tails on a different Sonic game.
And they had also
been working on a 3D graphics
engine that they didn't really have anything
for so they decided to work with Sonic Team to make
the game. Pretty much just
everything that came together.
So there's actually even
a Sonic R that came out on the
Tiger handheld system.
Of course like I said
there was the Sega Saturn version that actually
had some really bad problems with draw distance
and clipping.
But the PC version
let you use better rendering
and 3D acceleration and you
could adjust the draw distance. So basically like
today you could have no draw distance
at all in the game. It would be gorgeous.
The music was done by Richard
Jacques of Sega Europe
who also did the music
for Sonic 3D Blast.
And he
basically worked with Yuji Naka
to
basically design the musical
feel of the game.
And that's where we got the Super Sonic Racing.
And then the
singer in this one, now this I didn't know, her name
is TJ Davis and she did
all of the singing in it at
Yuji Naka's request.
So basically
it was done by a London
studio. The music came out of
London.
I think it's a fun game. It's sort of
not like the world's best
Sonic game. But it's a really
fun game. And from that we also
got
well there were two games that came out before
Sonic R. There was Sonic Drift and Sonic Drift 2
for Game Gear. And then
after that we've gotten Sonic Riders
we've gotten Sonic Riders
Zero Gravity, Sonic Free Riders,
Sonic and Sega All-Stars Racing,
and the Transformed version as well.
Those are all pretty much born out of the Sonic R
franchise. And
of course the music is
you know, pretty much the big
iconic thing about it. It's not the most
gorgeous game. But it's super fun.
Like we said
we say a system is only as good as the games
that are on it. But the games are also
can be
absolutely amazing without
having to look, you know, absolutely gorgeous.
You know what I mean? And this is one of
those that falls into that
category. So my game
of the week is Sonic R.
This is one of those games that to me just made
sense. Like Sonic in a racing game.
Why did it take so long?
Kinda right.
And it did have some good music.
Super Sonic Racing was in Sonic R,
Tiger Hall.
Alright. There it is, your classic game of the week
Sonic R.
Good pick.
Have you done every single Sonic game yet? You gotta be getting close.
I've done a few of them.
But keep in mind there's a bunch of crap out there
in the Sonic franchise.
I would get
Sonic herpes or something.
Alright. We're gonna take a break and when we
come back there is still more news to come in the
Fugu question of the week. Oh and to tell what up G?
Same music in Japan.
All out of the London studio. So there's none of this
whole one soundtrack? No there's not.
Just making sure. Good. At least we can all agree on something.
Okay. Plenty more
to come when Orange Lounge Radio returns
with this episode number 506
Second Mix J Append Part B
right after this.
Hola.
This is your friendly neighborhood Mexican
Acta. And you're participating with
Orange Lounge Radio. The show where
every gamer has a voice.
And I want to use my voice to tell you that
Kirby does not suck.
Well, literally he does suck.
But not fear of the blue.
Anyways, play more Kirby.
I'll see you in the next video.
Bye.
That's right. Play more Kirby.
They have that whole Wii U virtual console thing going on
right now. I was tempted to get the
Kirby golf
was it Kirby's Dream Course that they had at Super
Nintendo? It was like the miniature golf game.
I think it was awesome.
Good times. There you go.
You too can leave a bumper.
Go to vognetwork.com and check out the
forums for Orange Lounge Radio and more information
on there if you want to use your voice
to tell the gaming world something. Maybe
you want them to play less Kirby.
You can tell us that in a future bumper.
That was the last one that I had in the queue by the way.
So you're going to start hearing repeats if I don't
get any new ones for the next show. Just saying.
That's my little threat. Just saying.
Alright.
During the break tonight, before we get into rapid fire
news, I noticed some of the chatters were talking about
Civ 5. And I don't know how this got brought up
but apparently the Mass Effect mods
for Civ 5. I thought
I mentioned this on the show before. Yes, they exist
and they're awesome.
Fun fact.
You once said that about Mass
Effects.
Here's something.
I have never
liked that type of game.
I didn't even...
I admit that...
What game is it I'm thinking of now?
Not Populous.
Well, I didn't like Populous either.
SimCity?
Are we? Uh oh.
I thought I hit all the buttons.
I just happened to look over and saw that we were
muted so all of this conversation that's
happening...
Professional radio folks.
You know what?
Rob was giving me crap for not
wanting to play Civ even though there's
a Mass Effect mod. And I
was telling him how I did not like
Civ. I don't
like SimCity.
I do not like SimCoaster.
Although I do like watching the coasters
that people have made on SimCoaster.
I don't like SimPark.
I like the Sims, but really I like building
houses and dressing them up.
And murdering them. What about SimAnt?
I don't like SimAnt either.
I loved SimAnt. That game was amazing.
I do like semantics.
Ha ha ha.
But what's the game I'm thinking of? It's not Populous.
It's where you're the avatar
of the god and you go and you
fight demons and you build the town
and make them worship you and shit.
Actraiser? Thank you, Actraiser. I don't even
really care for Actraiser that much.
Get out. Let me finish.
I like watching other people play
Actraiser. I get pissed
off. So I
don't have the patience for Actraiser.
Two things about Actraiser. A. The soundtrack.
Is great. B.
When that angel flies around you can see his butt.
It was butt.
And this is how Rob first learned. No.
It was butt on the Super Nintendo.
So it made you giggle a little bit. You know butt.
It was butt.
You know what? Butt.
Ha ha ha. That's what.
No. From now on it's said chicken but it's angel butt.
Guess what? Angel butt.
Alright. Let's go around
and talk about rapidly what's
happening in the world of gaming. Some quick stories.
Rapid fire news.
This may be a bit of a spoiler but
we think
maybe Mirrors Edge 2 might be coming to the
Xbox One. Apparently there was
first off a listing on
an Italian. The German and
Italian storefronts for Amazon.
And those are removed.
Listing it was for the Xbox One.
And then
on EA's own website
in the help
section. Their help center.
Had a page for Mirrors Edge 2 and now
it's gone. So
makes me think that maybe
that's going to be one of the announcements.
Perhaps.
I guess we'll find out. Yes please.
And then
of course Prey 2
has been in development forever.
And now apparently
it's going to be under development by
Arkane Austin which was
the studio behind Dishonored.
So that sounds good because Dishonored wasn't that bad.
And yeah
they don't have any. They have no
information to share but
that's the rumor at least.
That hasn't been cancelled.
And last but not least
um
El Shaddai. I don't know if
you guys remember that game. It's kind of an
artsy action game from
Ignition. Well now
the rights
have been transferred to the creator.
So now there's going to be
well El Shaddai is now
back in the creators
I guess portfolio
as far as the rights go and maybe
that means it's going to open up opportunity
for more games. You know what's making me cry right now?
Every time
anyone talks about that game I hear Amy Grant.
Baby baby.
No no no because she
when she was like heavy heavy into
her Christian singing mode she did a song called
El Shaddai.
Keep in mind I was raised Baptist.
Ok here's the thing. The references
on this show are getting more and more obscure.
Ok well the full title
was El Shaddai the Ascension of the Metatron
so it's you know. Did she do a song
called Metatron? No
but I just finished watching the season
Supernatural and there's Metatron in it.
Lordy.
So let's
see. Metatron.
Yeah.
And sorry
Brad I adore you to death.
It was a decent song but her Hebrew
was awful.
Alright moving on. I'm
shocked that so many people know that
Amy Grant song. I only remember
baby baby
something something lyrics.
There's one song that she did that I really
like and that was the duet she did with Vince Gill
who she married. Just saying.
What ever happened to her? She's still
recording and still married to Vince Gill.
She's still recording?
Yeah I actually
believe it or not the only
side I could get working was Wikipedia.
And
I
was reading up about
actually Vince Gill but it linked to
Amy Grant so I was like.
Isn't that amazing how on Wikipedia
you could just. She married him.
She's married to Vince Gill. I believe you.
Mom was watching that Oklahoma relief
thing and Vince Gill was on it so we looked at Vince Gill
and it led to Amy Grant.
She's back to doing super
Christian stuff.
And singing with Vince.
Jamie
Jamie.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
For the record she does have
a gorgeous voice.
I remember
I got
I remember I got dragged
to this to an Amy Grant concert
at the
state fair. I got dragged
to one of those and it was just
not fun.
Did you sing along? No I didn't.
I'm not a fan of Amy Grant.
I like I recognize that song but I don't know any
of her other songs. Hey you know what
you know the only show that I
the only concert I've been taken to at a fair
against my will was Michael
Damien. I think literally that is the
only concert I have seen at the
state fair is the Amy Grant one.
And I don't remember who opened it. It was another
Christian artist. You haven't been to see where
now. No I said you haven't been to
see where now this year
I see where now it's a
hundred and some degrees outside. I don't
go outside for anybody. He can come to my house
Jamie
Jamie. I mean I went to
Fresno to see where now.
So all right.
Moving on back. Oh we were a video game show.
I didn't realize
one thing you could pick up and you could sing baby
baby while you're downloading it in the queue is the
Humble Indie Bundle 8. That's right
the Humble Indie Bundle 8 is here and
it has games such as Thomas was
Alone, Awesomenauts, Little Inferno
Dear Esther and Capsized
and if you pay more than the average purchase
price. I don't know what it is right at this moment. It's probably
like six or seven bucks. You will
also get Hotline Miami and
Proteus. Now I'm just going to guess
Did you say Proteus? No
Proteus. Damn.
Not like I don't already have five copies
of Proteus. Now here's the thing. If this
goes anything like the former bundles did
somewhere in the last week they're going to say
by the way we're throwing in these Humble Bundle 7
games as well. So look out for it.
I'm actually going to pay for this for one game.
What game? Hotline Miami. Yeah
I hear it's really fun. Because it's blood
everywhere and you can shoot like Dobermans
in the face. I'm going to get this just because
I like indie games and I've pretty
much gotten every other indie bundle. I already got it.
Did you? Have you checked out any
of the games yet? No. They'll just sit there
in my Steam library. I have
now in my Steam library 126
games. And that's not all of them
because I haven't bothered to put all of the
Sonic the Hedgehog games in.
I only because I bought the Sonic collection with
every single Sonic the Hedgehog game that's on PC.
And I only put in Sonic and
Sega All-Stars Racing and Sonic Generations.
I didn't bother to put the rest of the ones. Okay. Sonic
Generations is a damn good game. They also
have well you saw I don't know if you saw they have a mod
that actually it's Sonic
it converts it to
the other Sonic 3D game
that they had. I don't remember.
I see Tiger Claw in the chat room saying
Hotline Miami has a good soundtrack
and the good news is you will also be
able to get the soundtracks with these games.
DRM free downloads, Steam keys,
Windows, Mac and Linux versions.
For the record. For the record.
Whatever games that I don't
keep out of this I'm more than happy to share with
some of our listeners. And
and and
I should mention that they also
have a Humble Weekly Bundle
that's going on right now that's all the Telltale
series. Oh yeah I saw that too. Which I also
bought. That's a great deal.
Walking Dead, Sam & Max
Walking Dead alone is worth it
if you don't already have it. Yeah if you pay more than average
it's Walking Dead. You get Sam & Max
Also great. You know Back to the
Future. Great.
Puzzle Agent which I've never played
Waltzing Gromit.
Poker Night the Inventory
and
Jurassic Park?
No Jurassic Park.
Probably because of licensing.
Anyhow, apparently
earlier this week Eve Online and Dust
514 which is the game that ties into it
they were taken down. CCP actually
took them down due to a significant and
sustained DDoS attack.
That's a Distributed Denial of Service attack.
That was according to Eve Online's
Facebook. Don't know who
tried to do it or why but
yeah the whole game went down so look
at stupid kids ruining everybody's
fun. Stop DDoSing
MMOs and kicking everybody
off. This is trying to have a good time. By the way
speaking of DDoS attacks, Bobby asked me to
relay the following along.
Should we lose the stream at some point
during the show tonight? Don't hit F5
to refresh the entire page because when you all
do it at once it's like a little mini DDoS
attack because we're not on the servers
as big as Eve Online or Dust 514.
We're running off a tin can
that has some computer chips
in it because that's what we paid for you know because
we don't have a lot of money at VoG. So when you all
refresh it at once it's like a little DDoS attack
that could cause everything to break further. So please
all you have to do, it's right by
the little player, you just hit pause,
unpause, pause, unpause.
There you go. And that will not
do a DDoS attack on our little
website.
If you are a
Vita owner you'll be excited to know that
Flower is coming to the Vita.
This is awesome. I love Flower.
I played it on the Playstation 3 but I would
say it's the best racing game
I've played in a long time even though
you would not think of Flower as a racing
game. It's really great.
Flower is going to be on the Vita. It will be one
of the Indiecade games coming
to E3.
It was one of the few games that used that tilt
control inside the Dualshot controller.
It will obviously use that
on the Vita because it has a touch screen
and all that fun stuff.
Cool. Check that out
on the Vita.
Next up, Dark Sakura.
Hold on, I'm saying that I only care about R-Type.
What, in the
chat room? Talking about Irem games.
Oh, okay, I'm sorry. Because R-Type is freaking
great. Okay, tell me that R-Type
does not have the best first stage music
of almost any game ever.
If you said it doesn't then you're lying.
So,
you don't know Jack
is going to be on Ouya
on June 11th and
the Jackpad app
will make your phone a controller.
So, folks who have
Ouya's and an
Android phone or an
iOS will get to have a
controller out of their phone.
Yay.
Aren't you special.
Square Enix registered
Final Fantasy Agito.
Which is something that we heard at E3
what, five years ago? Six years ago?
Eventually.
Because they were supposed to do
Final Fantasy Agito 13.
So, now they've got
Final Fantasy Agito.
Hooray. There you go. Perfect question for Bobby
Blackwell. So, where's versus 13?
Oh, a question for the screen.
Well, here's the thing
is that either that's going to be
answered once E3 starts.
I kind of think it's a game that has to
show up in one way or another. Whether it's true
that they moved it to 15 or what.
I kind of think you'll have something on that well
before the show starts. But, let's say
they do announce Final Fantasy
versus 13 and you want to know
is lightning in it? You know, or something
that they don't say. I don't know. You could go
ask that question. Well, remember the
Agito 13 turned into
the zero one.
I do. I'm happy it's
hopefully. Which I wish we would have gotten a
release over here because everyone tells me it's
sick as anything. Well, maybe this is
a sign. I hope.
And then last but never least
for fans of the game Tookitori 2
which is on Wii U
it's getting a Steam release date. It's going to be
out today.
Already. July 2nd.
As announced by
developer Two Tribes.
And in the PC version is a Steam
workshop integration and achievements.
So, there's also
a level editor that was
promised for Wii U and
well, they don't have that yet.
Wii! Nintendo and online?
It's coming soon, trademark
patent pending. You know what else
is coming soon? Hey, you know what though
at this point? If the Xbox
One connect is going to watch me poop
then like give me the Wii U
and it's outdated technology
alright?
You know what? I'm just
going to go home and hook up the turbo duo
and play me some freaking Dracula X
and not worry about my system
watching me in my pajamas.
The end.
Instead of ceiling cat
is watching you masturbate. It'll be Xbox One
Bill Gates is watching you masturbate.
Alright, let's go to the FUGO question
of the week. Which thank heavens
tonight is not about masturbation.
Where's my theme music?
Everything is broken tonight. I ate it.
Who ate my theme music?
The uh
connected while it was watching you poop.
No, seriously guys
I don't have my theme music. Help me feel time.
Doo doo doo doo doo
No, not by singing.
You don't want to hear me sing anyway.
I want that game
Ikuma. Tell, tell, go
to Square Enix and tell them to give it to me.
Tell them to give me the
zero. I wants it.
Can't you just import it?
So what exactly is the downside for
I don't think I can read it.
Not voting on Steam Greenlight
titles. I never understood that. Like
You don't get your little mini
achievement. Well it's like if you
don't vote for them then
you know, so what? So you
thumbs up them and then you don't buy it.
They're not holding you to the fire to like
oh well you said you'd purchase this game
why aren't you purchasing this game?
And I actually want to wonder if
the chat room actually missed what I said that
Agito 13 was zero.
Because that's what I said right? Yeah, yeah.
Okay. Making sure people are paying attention.
Alright. Anyhow I would love to
answer Loki's question but
I found music.
Take Facebook and Google
and smash them together you get FUGL.
And our way to interact with our fan communities
every week with the FUGL question of
the week. Now we didn't talk about
this story earlier in the show so I'll mention it now.
A little known side quest in
Final Fantasy 9 came to light via
an uploaded YouTube. Apparently some guide
in Japan that had been out for years but was
always untranslated. Somebody found
it and found that there was this extra quest in the game.
Well anyhow, although
I'm not going to get into all the details on Final Fantasy 9
because it sounds complicated.
This had us thinking about rediscovering things
in classic games. Have you ever
revisited an old game years after
its release to find something new?
Go back and complete it at 100%?
What classic game did you revisit after
many years? Not necessarily to play it
for the first time but to try and discover
new things inside it.
So let's check out what some of our
folks on Facebook thought.
We'll start with Jeremy Jay who answered
I discovered a trick in Super Metroid
five or six years after playing
it for the first time. You can call
the Dragon boss with your
grappling beam.
Pretty neat stuff. I guess it's common knowledge
to many but I had no idea.
And he linked us a little to YouTube. You know there's
a lot of ways you can kind of trick that
game. You can do like wall jumps and
get past places you're not supposed to. There's lots
of little ways you can kind of like trick it and beat
the system so that's one of the really cool
that's what makes part of what makes
Super Metroid the best
ever. No that's
where you could get to the top of the castle by
doing the double jump and get your final star
in Super Mario 64
just saying. Alright
anyway Tiara responds
and says I've actually been
replaying Final Fantasy 9 for the past several
weeks and I never knew about this side quest until
I stumbled upon the info while
looking for Chocobo hot and cold treasure
locations. So you're
going to be one of the first to see it.
DarkTetsuya says up until a couple
sorry for the Facebook noise but I'm actually on
Facebook trying to read these answers.
DarkTetsuya says up until a couple years ago
I'd never beaten the fabled second quest
in The Legend of Zelda on NES. Trust
me when I say it is harder than the first
quest. Really? That is true.
Well a lot of people go back
and beat retro games. Well
and for the record for anyone who wants to do
it without beating
the game first just type in Zelda for your name.
That is true. Also Zelda is another one of those
games where you don't have to have every item. You
can get around some of this stuff. Like you could
get through the whole game with a wooden sword I think.
Don't forget to walk head first into
walls because you never know which one is invisible.
You never know. Alright
let's see.
Andy R. replied and said I replayed Okami
earlier this year thanks to the HD-ification
version and I found a lot of things
I didn't find the first time. Things such as
the hidden spider bosses or some of the advanced
forms of the brush techniques. Also
knowing what happens in the story before I
started made me more cognizant of the foreshadowing
I missed the first time I played the game
which was kind of cool.
Mary B. replied
with another Final Fantasy answer. Final Fantasy 8
learned how to crazy attack with
Squall's 2 hour or whatever it was
and that it was stronger than his summit. Did they
have 2 hour abilities in Final Fantasy 8 or was that
your Final Fantasy 11 addiction talking
after getting stuck on Bahamut.
I had to come back to a save down at Bahamut
after not playing for months. Final Fantasy
X and X-2 just for fun because I liked
them so much. Use strategy guide to get 100%
though.
Ragenator said well at least prior to my PS3
being stolen I regularly went back and played
older classics. The closest thing to
discovering something new was in terms
of tactics for situations where I got stuck
in the past. And Degenerate Johnny
says a couple years ago I decided to hook up my
Genesis to test and see if it still worked after
all this time. It did surprisingly.
I did
excuse me. I decided to fulfill
my nostalgic urge to play the original Mortal
Kombat. Unfortunately I forgot
the blood code. There are some things you
just forget as a gamer. I couldn't tell you
that I could remember it. Game facts.
I knew fatalities not sure
all were possible without the blood code
so I tried it out with Kano.
To my surprise Kano managed to do his finishing move.
However instead of a heart he pulled
out an organ that was dark colored. I
can only assume that he pulled out his opponent's
liver.
It's an evil thing. It must be destroyed. Even with
no blood code Mortal Kombat surprised me
with the amount of gore it was still able to show
on the consoles.
Alright going over to Google Plus
and some of the answers
there.
Are there no answers on Google Plus? Oh no there's
two. Sorry. Google Plus changed
and now I can't find things. Alright. Redertainment
says I remember me and my best friend as a
kid trying and failing to beat Mega Man
2 on the NES. No matter how many
different times or many different ways we tried to beat
the game we could never get past one particular
part in Dr. Wily's fortress at the end.
It wasn't until I was older
bought the Mega Man collection on PS2
and had access to online walkthroughs that I
finally got the item you needed in order
to proceed past that one particular part.
When I finally beat that game it felt like
I was giving my 8 year old self a figurative
high five. Not a literal high five
because that would break the space time continuum.
And lastly Travis H
on Google Plus says I have found myself
overjoyed with the amount of PS1 and PSP
games I can replay on my Vita.
I'm right now in the middle of playing Wild Arms
trying to complete it to its fullest
and find things that I missed the first time
around. It is very refreshing to go back
at an older age and enjoy the simple things
as the dialogue and some humor
you may not have got when you were younger.
Talk about a good soundtrack by the way.
Will anything
work during tonight's show?
Now Alan is breaking things in the kitchen.
I thought it was because I mentioned Wild Arms because that game
is hot.
Oh my gosh. Alright. There you go.
Thank you to the folks that
answered the Facebook question of the week and the Google Plus
question of the week. Answer
in a future week. I want to say quickly though
about that last answer was very similar to one of the
Facebook answers and a couple things we were hearing
is that these HD remakes
really seem to get people to go back and play them
again. And I kind of find that to
be true too. Is that when the things get
re-released it's like a reason for me to go back.
Like it's why I had never tried
to beat Mario 2 with just one character before.
So that was something I kind of did that was new this week.
Try doing it with Toad.
The desert levels would be
manageable. I actually only used
Toad in the desert levels for the most part but I did
now this was keep in mind when I was a
kid I did a full playthrough with Toad.
And you would be surprised
at the number of coins you get.
I was playing the stupid bonus game for ages.
Because he had
a faster dig.
SSG100 Matt to the rescue in the chat room.
A, B, A, C, A, B, B.
That was the blood code.
There you go Degenerajani. A, B, A, C, A, B, B.
Abacab.
Alright.
That does it.
Let's go into some more news.
And then of course the mailbag and the FUs of the week.
Loki!
Alright, so hey guess what?
Even though they haven't released their first
game yet, the next
Kickstarter for Double Fine
has been launched.
It's a brand new game called
Massive Chalice and it's
kind of a cross between like
a feudal fantasy
tactical strategy game
with like this weird
I guess
they're saying there's like permanent death in the game
so you have to create new
characters by breeding them I guess.
So um
yeah.
That's going to be coming I guess.
And it looks interesting.
They're most likely going to hit their goals since
they're at 677,500
right now and
their goal is 725,000
and they've got 24 days to go.
So most likely they are going to
make it.
So yeah.
I don't know.
Looks interesting.
It's being headed up I guess by the guy that did
Iron Brigade.
Bradner.
Speaking of Kickstarter stuff by the way
the Zelda Kickstarter we had
that guy on the show a couple weeks ago didn't make it.
Didn't make it. Bummer.
He says he has some other plans though
and good luck to him with Plan B.
I think you got to have a Plan B when you go
into this Kickstarter thing because I think
it's like going
viral you know.
And like these ad agencies will
hire people saying we need you to make a viral
ad but sometimes it just
either it's going to catch or it's
not and it's not that it's necessarily bad
it just sometimes it happens and sometimes
it doesn't. Now when you're double fine
and you have that name recognition well this
you know the money is going to come to him pretty easy
but you know unfortunately
for the Zelda movie
and all that it just didn't catch on
for whatever reason and that's going to happen sometimes
so good luck
to him with whatever he decides
to do with his Plan B.
That makes me quite sad.
Yeah it's unfortunate. Very unfortunate. I had put in some money
but I got it back
or I should say they never charged it because that's what happens
they don't charge it until it goes through.
Alright.
Going to some news for the 3DS
the 3D Sonic that I
remember we talked about was rumored
a couple weeks ago. Apparently it is something
that's happening because the Australian Classification
Board issued ratings.
You got to love when the ratings board spoils games.
Well not only did they roll out a
3D Sonic the Hedgehog rating but they
also rolled out a 3D Altered
Beast rating.
Apparently 3D Space Harrier
3D Super Hang-On
these are all out in Japan already
but the fact that they're rated in Australia means
they're probably coming around to the rest of the world too.
Which by the way if I am right
and they're the same as the Sega Ages
what was it
I imported like 3 of them. I had the Fantasy
Star, the Fantasy
Zone and Space Harrier. They're really good.
If it's in the same line.
Well these will be 3D.
I'm all about Space Harrier
3D Super Hang-On yeah Sonic yeah Altered Beast
look Altered Beast is one of those games
that everybody
remembers that and like in people's memories
it's awesome but like I played through the game
not that long ago. It sucks.
Like Altered Beast sucks. I'm sorry
to say it. It is not aged well
whatsoever. When I was 12
that game was the shit. When I'm 34
not so much. We needed a Marble
Madness. We do need a Marble Madness.
That wasn't Sega. I don't care though.
It would be awesome. Wasn't it Williams
or Midway?
It was Atari. Yeah Atari.
Which their arcade division got
snapped up by Midway I believe. I think that's what
I'm thinking of. Which in turn
got snapped up by Warner.
The game's great if you've got a track ball to play it with.
Well I could
do something with the touch pad
who knows. Alright
Dark Sakura what do you have for us?
Well as soon as I can get it up. There we go.
Giana Sisters Twisted Dreams
developer. We like them don't
we because they gave us that wonderful
series back didn't they?
It's Black Forest Games. They've announced
another game called Ravensdale
that's a four player co-op
side scrolling platform shooter
set in a medieval oil rig city.
Looking
at the screen capture here it's
pretty grimy. Very
oily looking.
They wanted it to be an
action RPG
but publishers were saying that Steampunk
doesn't sell so that's why
they are
it looks like they've changed
the method of this. I don't know has anyone else
heard anything about this?
No not this particular
game. No.
Well their likelihood saying that we're
going to see a kickstarter in
about a month or two. Since they're
not finding a publisher they're going to go
the Giana Sisters route. But I mean
if judging by Giana Sisters it's probably
going to be good. So
they got a good track record.
Yes yes I still need to play that
Twisted Dreams. It's one of those games that's like in my queue
waiting to play but I loved the
Commodore 64 one even though yes it was
kind of the Mario Brothers rip off but
soundtrack is part of what I remember most
fondly but. It's pretty good. I
have it downloaded but I played
it like once and then I
went back to Saints Row the Third.
I did not like Saints Row the Third.
What's wrong with you?
I just
didn't like how the game started off.
It's so funny. I laughed and
laughed. Did you get to the part where they're skydiving out of the plane?
You got to at least get that far
because I died. It was so funny.
I just found I didn't like the
control that's all.
Alright I didn't like Mass Effect the first time I
played it just saying. Alright
Loki what do you have for us?
So there's some more announcements coming from
Japan for the Wii U.
First off the Wii U is now going to be
available in white for the 32 gigabyte
premium set. That's starting
July 13th and
I guess it will be available in black and white
since they already have the black to begin with.
And then of course they're going to be
I guess
doing some sort of
and I'm surprised it's taken so god damn
long for this but they're doing
well first they have a larger
capacity battery for the
Wii U gamepad so it's going to
be 2500 maw
instead of 1500 maw
which will I guess equal to
5-8 hours of
you know gameplay as opposed
to 3-5 and then on top of that
they're having official
Wii remote
charge
battery packs for it.
Like woah
how many years after the Wii
and they finally got around to
putting out battery packs for it because
hey those Wii remotes
eat batteries like you know
I thought this was a Wii U battery pack.
No they have a Wii U battery pack and they also
have battery packs for the Wii.
I didn't realize that was a separate thing. It's crazy.
They're doing that and they even have like a little
charger that goes along with it. Now
it's a little late to the game considering
that Nyko and you know I think
Dream Gear have had battery packs for the
longest time for
it but it's interesting to see
something official from them
and yeah
so those will be coming soon
because they're only in Japan right now.
Until they announce something at E3
this week where these are coming
with a price drop.
Maybe, maybe, I don't know
might be thinking
too positively.
We'll see.
This game looks very cool.
I'm going to play some of the YouTube here in the
background so you can hear some of the music
but it's a game called
Crypt of the Necrodancer.
It is a roguelike
game which is you know like a
dungeon crawler like if you think way, way, way back
to the old terminal
game Rogue but it's mixed with a
music game.
It's a hardcore rhythm based
roguelike.
Notable game composers Danny B
and Alec Holowaka
or excuse me Holowka are
working with Crypt of the Necrodancer
which I think is awesome and you can also load
your own MP3s into the game if you want although
I don't know how well that will work but there you go.
That looks
awesome and you can check that out at
Necrodancer.com
Very cool.
I like both those types of games
that's like a game made for Rob.
Dungeon Crawler meets DDR
love it.
I just need my dance pad. Alright
let's get to our mailbag
every week you guys send us emails
and Dark Soccer reads some of her favorites here on
the show. In fact she's got a couple
weeks to catch up on with no
official show last week and so forth
so uh
unfortunately she was trying to sell. No one of my
stitches came out it actually broke when
I flipped the foot inside out so
I was trying to fix it real quick. I thought I had time
before mailbag. Oh well.
So a freaking ton of mail
and a lot of it's
in Mandarin Chinese so let's
skip all those. That was the spam.
That was the spam. Except for the stuff
in French which I could actually read but I don't really
care about beeps that much. Spam-der-in.
Womp womp.
So this
comes from Ra-ba-ba-ba-ba.
I noticed
the Curiosity game from 22Cans
is approaching the center. Well there's
a countdown on each cube and I believe it was
at 13 when I wrote this on Monday. I made
my final cynical conclusions about it. Of course
we've already done a big reveal. But I like
reading this stuff.
It appears the cubes do not get smaller
as you get closer to the center. It isn't
fun not even as bubble wrap. It gets boring
easily and after I toyed with it once or twice
I'm content to just see it end.
The payoff at the end will be disappointing.
The life changing promise is way too
large a nebulous. I love the word nebulous
by the way. I hope the center is
remember to drink your Ovaltine.
Stay pound zero zero zero zero
zero zero Ra-ba-ba. Of course
you know what that is.
Stay black.
You've been listening. Okay.
No you haven't. We have another one from Ra-ba-ba-ba.
You guys asked for
our reaction to the Xbox One so here's mine.
First when listening to the May 19th episode
I read up on the Xbox One so the podcast
was full of unintentional dramatic irony.
It was fun to hear
after the reveal. That said my original
reaction on the name is that it
was literally the last name I'd consider for the new
Xbox. Then I realized simply
Xbox was literally the last name
I expected so they chose the pen's
ultimate name of all I could come up
with. Overall the name is
pretty good as it conveys multiple
meanings, is easy to remember and understandable
unlike Wii and Wii U which sound dumb even
repulsive. The conveyed no
obvious meaning
I don't expect a lot of debate
over what a terrible name one is.
Does it have good games?
At this point I don't really care.
All I know is that there aren't many
good games coming out for any system at the moment.
They'll stop making games for
PS4 and Xbox
360 very soon and the new
consoles will be my only choice for new
games on console. Used games
if I can't trade or give used
games away I will probably not buy discs at all.
I also believe this is how
EA will implement Game Pass.
The game DVR is interesting.
It requires online to share so I suspect
this will be an exclusive gold
feature. I also
expect that certain games will not be allowed on this
feature, even gasp not allow
certain parts to be recorded. That's all
I'll bug you with today.
This
comes from Elliot B.
It's the
Oculus Rift report.
Dear OLR, this week I was
lucky enough to get some hands on time with the most exciting
hardware release of the year.
No, not the PS4 or Xbox One. I'm of course talking
about the Oculus Rift.
For those who don't know, the Rift is a VR headset with
low latency head tracking providing an
immersive 3D experience, in theory at least.
While the reality doesn't
quite yet live up to the hype, it's still an
impressive device, even for a prototype.
Oculus have got the basics
down pat.
The headset is easy to set up, weighs nothing
and lag is unnoticeable.
Unfortunately there is still a pretty major issue
standing between the Rift and the mainstream
success. Movement with standard
FPS controls produce instant
motion sickness. Even the peaceful
Italian Villa demo is
nauseating, let alone a fast paced shooter.
DarkSucker, you have been warned. Thank you.
My thinking is that
rather than adapting existing games for the
Rift, devs will need to keep in mind its weaknesses
as well as strengths.
Still experiencing the Rift for the first
time is a breathtaking experience, even
despite its teething problems.
To be any more than a novelty,
it now needs some equally breathtaking
custom built games. Yours virtually,
Elliot B.
Thank you Elliot. Good lord everybody, why are you
writing me novels?
Dear OLR, I would like to take this moment
to thank Microsoft from the bottom of my heart
for the Xbox One announcement. The amount of money
I'll be saving by skipping their draconian
unattractive Kinect mandatory disaster
is enormous. You know
it's funny I was worried about skipping this generation
because I was afraid the PS4 was going to blow
major chunks. How I even bought
a Wii U out of that fear.
Instead it seems Microsoft is going
into the junior year slump that seems
to happen with any successful console
manufacturer. Seriously,
first it was Nintendo with the
64, then Sony with the PS3.
Now Microsoft with the Xbox One, by the way
lamest name ever. We're getting
quite a bit of
mixed
The PS3 though, it
started off like a great comedy
of errors, but after a couple years it got
better and better. It grew into itself. It did.
It fits its big boy pants.
Nintendo 64 had its moments.
You know, I wouldn't call Nintendo 64
a flop. Pokemon Snap.
Among
well, Mario 64, some in
Ocarina of Time, some considered to be the greatest games
ever made, so it had that too.
Well, and
even Treasure did a couple of games
for it, and we know what we think of Treasure.
Okay.
This isn't to say
I'll be completely sitting out on gaming
hardware this generation. Obviously I have
my Wii U, and actually already
have a bunch of games for it, and I'll be picking up the
Retron 5 and Ouya when they're commercially available.
Also, since Sony doesn't appear
to be restricting news games or mandating
internet connections, the PS4 seems to be
a viable option, unless something
disastrous turns up at E3.
Honestly, if Sony isn't looking
at the Xbox One and saying, this is
what we don't do, I'll be surprised.
However, I can say with absolute certainty
that I've got more than
enough ga- you know, that was the first typo I found.
You said then
and so then?
No, I was just thinking I was impressed, so
good on you.
More than enough gaming ready to go
for the next five or so years, and that
doesn't include GOG or humble
bundles. However,
almost as troubling as the DRM encumbrance
on the Xbox One is
Microsoft's continued commitment
of trying to pimp the Xbox to people
who don't give a crap about video games.
Does Microsoft not understand
that there are cheaper alternatives for those who want
set-top boxes? Seriously,
media centers like Boxee and Apple TV
are $80 to $100,
and modern Blu-ray players are having
more and more of those features put into them
for about the same price or less.
That's ignoring the obvious
plug a cheap PC into your television
through HDMI option. I
shit you guys not, I can do the whole
Netflix, YouTube, multimedia thing on my
Blu-ray player, my PS3, my Nexus
7 tablet, and my PC, and
most of those options are also on my Wii U.
Microsoft goes full bore with the
living room takeover thing at
their own peril while I hesitate to wish
them ill. I do hope they're awakened soon.
Failing that, however,
I'm good to go. Emulators on Ouya,
retro goodness on the RetroN5,
and modern gaming on the Wii U, and potentially
a future on the PS4, and Japanese
developers will likely be able to go right
back to ignoring Microsoft, and all is right with the world.
Anyway, there's my thoughts
on the Xbox One. Have I mentioned it's a stupid
name? I have. Don't care.
It's a stupid name. Seriously, it's worse than
Wii. Regards, we're all still UT.
Thank you for the best written email
I have ever read in my entire life
except for your one type O.
It's T-H-A-N,
not T-H-E-N, and also... That is
totally a lie. Well written. Shut up, Rob.
No offense. Mr. KickStarter'd.
No offense to the emailer.
No. Well, you know it's my job to
completely fuck up everyone's grammar.
I think maybe it's a little bit overly
cynical, but I
will give until E3. Let's
see what happens.
So, you know, and just like
Bobby said in the chatroom at live.vognetwork.com,
Sony never
said they weren't doing any of that.
They just never answered the question.
True dat. So,
we'll see. They're not gonna
be able to dodge it much longer. One foot.
I have one scalemate foot.
In your behind.
Kick. In your angel butt.
Okay, this comes from
Jay, who I was hanging out with, and just
let me hop back into the chat long enough to keep from getting
logged out. Sure. Okay.
This email
comes from Jay, Jammer Jay,
who I was hanging out with on
last Monday. Oh, is it gossip all about your
experiences? No, it's not. It's pictures of
me being sunburned.
This is
the highlight of my gaming week was
playing DDR with the legendary DarkSakura.
Yes, I know. Anyway.
She did a fine job for getting back into
DDR. I think it's time for Sky and Loki to brush
off the rest and join her back into DDR.
I played
at Roseville Golf Land a couple months ago.
I think when Spike and Tim
that showed that Spike and Tim were here. We've gone to
Golf Land earlier in the week. I have a pile of tokens
which they don't even use anymore.
It's all like a card. Maybe you could
trade them in. I don't know. I mean, I don't think
they'll do that. Well, they had to
for a certain time. Okay.
My summer advice for gamers. Be sure to have
light sunscreen if planning to be out in the sun
a bit. Oh, why? Yeah,
because
the thing is I'm not supposed to wear sunblock at all
because I have a
I don't make enough
vitamin D normally so I didn't wear any.
And then I forgot what humidity
and sunlight really does and I'm
still peeling.
Anyways, it was nice seeing you again, DarkSakura.
Thank you. It was good to see you too.
And I look forward to meeting up with Sky and Loki for
California DDR one day. Well, we would love to
have you out here and you are more than welcome
to crash at my place.
And
last email.
Hello all. Just thought I
would drop a line to say hello to the gang.
I am in the middle of reading an amazing
book called Ready Player One, which we've discussed
on the show by Ernest Cline.
I know I'm a little late to the party
since the book has been out about two years now
but it's so good.
So much gaming culture and influence as well
as a lot of great pop culture
references from the 80s and 90s.
I have two questions. To anyone who has read it
what did you think? No spoilers.
Which I think we've discussed in depth.
I haven't read it yet. I'm going to be borrowing it from Becky I think.
Okay, good. I still haven't read it.
I still need to read Catching
Fire y'all before the movie's
out. So I got a long
book queue. You don't need to watch them
or watch the book, read
the book to watch the movie. Yeah, but
like when I, see reading the book makes
the movie better because when I went to see
The Hunger Games, like every time they
change something from the book it was like
and then Alan would know that that was
something that changed in the book because he could hear me huffing.
So
the fact that you got pissed off that they
changed things in the book made it better? Yes, it made
it a more interactive experience.
Who won The Hunger Games? I did.
You know what?
It's kind of funny doing that with Battle Royale
now that I've read the book.
And seeing how the movie is just complete
blood fest and not really political.
It's very different. The manga is great though.
So anyway,
I'm only
halfway through and my second question
is to Loki. When you were doing that
challenge a while back, this was the book
you were doing it for, wasn't it?
Yes. Anyone who
hasn't read the book, stop what you were doing
after the OLR show of course and go pick it
up on Kindle or your local bookstore.
You will not be disappointed. Keep up
the great work you three make my Monday at
office a lot less miserable. Your friend
Travis. Ah, you make our Sunday mail bag
a lot less miserable. It's our Travis H. You make our Sunday
mail bag a lot less miserable. Thank you
Travis. Thank you.
And you know there's pictures that
Jay sent but I think they're the same
ones that he put up on Facebook.
And they're not wanting to look.
Yeah, my butt playing DDR.
Your butt on a DDR machine.
LOL. See.
I'm not showing any of you in the chat room
because no.
Alright, well as long as you have fun. That's what DDR is about.
Because I'm the diva, that's why.
Speaking of diva moments
it's time to get into that segment we do here
every week on the show where we get a little bit angry.
All this is bad.
Here is justice.
Here is punishment.
Here.
This is fucked up.
F you
to
smoking in
your house.
And making
all of my clothes
smell like smoke.
And then on top of
okay this is me going into some family
shit. Okay.
My mom smokes in the house.
Her husband smokes in the house.
While my grandmother has vasculitis.
And I was reading about
just how badly second hand smoke
can aggravate vasculitis.
Can aggravate a lot.
Exactly. And then my mom's like
my mom has asthma and she's saying that my shampoo
is aggravating her asthma. No it was not.
Your smoking is aggravating your damn asthma.
When I smoked
I would always go, which was a long time ago
but I would always go outside.
Most smokers I knew would do that.
Especially in this state.
Like it's illegal to smoke anywhere that's not outside.
And most outdoor places are also banned
at this point in time.
They actually banned it in Daphne. I had the most
pleasant experience in a waffle house
that I've ever had in my life.
Because you couldn't smoke inside.
You could actually smell your food. It was amazing.
Also I love you Daphne
Waffle House. Your peanut butter
waffles are so freaking
good. And even though you're kind of
racist assholes. Blue Bell Ice Cream.
I love your ice cream too.
Thank you for the banana pudding ice cream.
And also FU2
Attention Horse. Three hour show
Jamie. Three hour show. I'm done. Alright.
Loki. Fuck you to hot.
Right? Because it's gonna get
hot. Alright. It was like
95 today or something
and next week it's 105. Fuck that.
Nope. I like the winter.
Winter. It's cold. You put more layers on.
You can only take off so many layers
in the summer. It's gonna rain.
No. It's gonna be hot.
Alright. That's it?
My FU of the Week just goes to the whole
like when it rains it pours syndrome.
I have a lot of good things going on right now.
I can't really complain. Like there's nothing I'm doing
where I'm like argh I'm so angry about this.
But it's just like. Did Robbie
bite off more than he could chew? I don't know.
But it's actually one of those things where I'm like
ok. When I have some
days off next week. I have some time to
catch up on some things. Then I can
go have fun in LA.
Even though I'll have to be driving down there by myself.
But one of my friends is gonna be meeting me there
and that makes everything a lot better. And then I'm meeting
another one of my friends there. It makes it a lot better so.
But just lots of stuff going
on right now. So when it rains
it pours. Argh.
But it'll be good. It's like
one of those things. You're like really
upset about it. But then like when it's actually happening
you're like I have the best life.
Ok.
Let's get to a couple more news stories for you guys.
And then Twitter topics at
twitter.com slash olr and the skype line
at 1877 game olr
or our username on skype orange lounge radio.
Not just yet though. Couple more stories.
Yes unfortunately we got some depressing stories.
The first being that
unfortunately there was a tragic event that happened
this week. One of the
engineers for the oculus
oculus rift
Andrew Scott Reese was
killed in a
basically
a hit and run during a
police chase. He was
crossing the street in a crosswalk and got hit
by a car that the police were chasing.
And killed.
That's awful. That sucks. Especially
after we just had an email. Yeah after that email
and everything. It's crazy. I mean what's really
horrible about that is just like you know dude was crossing
the street. And
Didn't it happen to
Gumpay. Fuck I can't remember his name.
He did Metroid. I think he
died in a car accident.
I thought he was getting out of a car and got hit.
Yeah yeah yeah that sounds familiar.
It's on Wikipedia somewhere.
But yeah it was really sad.
And it's just you know obviously people
car accidents happen every day and we lose
great people. And pedestrians get hit every day
unfortunately and we lose great people.
It just really sucks that
A this was such a great you know young mind
that was inventing these things that everybody wanted
to play. And B
preventable. This guy
this guy was not at fault. He wasn't
like he wasn't crossing the street in a drug induced
stupor or something. You know
he was hit by a guy who was running from the
police. Totally preventable.
Like it's awful.
It's awful.
But what can
you do. When it's
time to go. You're gonna go.
You know.
But at the same time
it's important not
to. Well
yeah you can't live in here.
I'm just saying
it's important to remember the basics
that you learned in elementary school.
You got to look both ways before you cross the street.
And because I'm sorry but
you know and not to say that he's at fault
because it's tragic but
if there's a police chase going
and there's cars with sirens coming
your way you can hear those sirens and
you know you
always want to look especially when I'm driving
and stuff even though there's a green light I'm always
looking you know you always I give it a couple
seconds before I go because there's always
someone that's not paying attention that's going to run the light.
So you got to be defensive and always kind of
keep your eye out even though it may be green or something.
I remember actually it was funny the last time I
went to E3 even
a bus ran out of control
and smashed into a Walgreens
right through the crosswalk because
it turned too fast or something like that.
And you know
someone could have gotten hurt.
Thankfully there was someone that was in the way
but they managed to get into the
Walgreens before the bus
hit but you just have to be careful.
Alright so here's the deal
with Gunpei Yokoi and if you don't know
that name he's the guy who produced he worked for
Nintendo for a long time producer of
Kid Icarus and Metroid which is huge
right there designed Rob the robot
designed the Game Boy
so you all know that one. Yes he designed the Virtual
Boy 2 for which you know there was a lot
of shame that came with that and he left Nintendo
but they say that he had always
planned to leave Nintendo at a certain age
Virtual Boy was not the reason for that.
Well unfortunately in 1997
he was in a fender
bender accident where he rear
ended a truck he got out of the car
to inspect the damage because you know the same thing happens
here right you take the pictures send the insurance company all that
stuff right and the passing car said
Yeah I remembered
it was something like that. Similar-ish
yeah it's very tragic.
Yeah and Yokoi I
knew it was a Yoke but I didn't remember
Yeah
Alright well
I hope I really really hope
this story doesn't have a sad ending but
you know somebody in
the gaming community is missing right now
and his name I'm hoping
if the internet is doing its job correctly
then you all already know this and I'm telling you something
obvious but in case you don't know
David Dredger is currently missing
and he goes by Knuckles Dawson online
he went missing
over last weekend
so unfortunately it's been about a week now
and he was missing in the Vancouver area
his bike and helmet were
found in Stanley Park
but before he left he closed his Twitter account
his Xbox Live account
reportedly he left his wallet, computer
and phone at home
and there's really just
not a lot of information unfortunately
they have been assembling groups in Vancouver
to try and find him
unfortunately no luck yet
I think they were going to search the
waters area next
I mean don't know he could have
leave the country somehow
essentially and who knows
where he could have gone
hopefully he is safe and sound
somewhere
for whatever reason
just got away
but I highly doubt
he would be listening to this podcast
but if by some strange
string of luck he was
a lot of folks miss you dude
please
call your family
a lot of people are out looking for this guy
and they really miss him
so if you are in the Vancouver area
even I would say honestly
if you are in the Pacific Northwest
honestly he could be anywhere at this point
it's not that hard to get on a plane
go somewhere else
or get in a car and go somewhere
he could be in the US who knows
findknuckles.com is the place to go
findknuckles.com
this guy by the way you might have seen
his work in the gaming community before
he was pretty well known because he got
the one achievement a day on the 360
for like he did something like 3 years
so he was really big in the Xbox achievements community
and I know I heard his name before
he was working with other indie podcasts
I know he did stuff with Rooster Teeth
so
I hope they find him
and I hope all is well
ok that was two
really horrible stories back to back
I'm sorry we have to end on that note
but we want to do our due diligence
I could find some puppies and kittens
we need like a kitten playing video
play the baby monkey writing backwards on a pig
song
ok hold on
it's literally called baby monkey writing backwards on a pig
this will make us feel a little better
that will make us feel better
yes it will
baby monkey
baby monkey
we use this song and sing to Midna
we make up our own lyrics about Midna
baby monkey
baby monkey
I do feel a little better
backwards on a pig
1877 game OLR cheer me up
1877 game OLR or our username on skype
orange lounge radio
if you want to give us a call and comment on anything
you've heard about on the show or
maybe you didn't hear about on the show tonight but you want to
again that's 1877 game OLR
or our username on skype orange
lounge radio
meanwhile we will get to twitter topics
I've got to pull those up. Loki do we have any last minute news
while we're working on that?
there's a kickstarter for some sort of
vest
haptic device or something
that they're trying to get off the ground
it's supposed to be the as close as it gets
kickstarter and it's
like this thing that's supposed to tie in with first person shooters
and stuff like that to make it more immersive
where you actually feel like the
you know bullets are hitting you
and stuff it's weird though they had
that's a little creepy just saying
they had something like that before it had like a
bass speaker almost built
into it I want to say I forgot what they
called it but it was
I think it was tied into
either your audio
or maybe like the
rumble on your controller
or something like that for like the playstation 2 and
xbox it's probably audio
if it's going to be tying in with that stuff but
they had that
yeah they're looking to get $900,000
to create that thing
alright let's go to the phones we're getting some calls
so let's go to it hi you're on orange tones radio who's this
hi this is raginator
hey raginator we see you
we're like a connect we're watching you
don't do anything dirty
no I'm just showing you
oh that
makes me feel better it's a kitty
put it back on the cat
I don't want to see you I want to see the cat
thank you much better
what's kitty's name
Anakin Rorschach
oh that's a good name alright
hopefully that will be better than the Anakin
that was in episodes 1 through 3 what's on your mind tonight
not a whole lot
just
kind of a generic
question for tonight
is there
any upcoming
games that have been announced
that you're possibly looking for
or forwards to
and not only that
but it's a secondary question
if you have
like a wish list
or something that you would love
to see on steam
like if it was
you see on steam right now
you want to throw down money
for that game and say buy it
like anything
or are you talking about ports from consoles
or something like that
either or whatever direction
you would like to take the question
well I would point you to the OLR dream
games page on the OLR wiki
because things like what they
play dot com snap those still have not
come to fruition and I think we'd like to see
some of those but on a serious
note things that are on console
that I would like to see on steam
I think it would be nice if maybe some things
that are already out on PC would get
integrated into steam a little more like
you know I loves me some World of Warcraft
might be kind of fun to integrate that and I could
talk you know but Blizzard wants to do their
own thing with battle net so I understand why that doesn't
happen so
but as far as like console things
on steam I could be a total
fanboy and say like Mario which
also wouldn't happen but then again
on the keyboard it wouldn't be the same experience
so I don't know I'd have to
think about that one you guys anything that jumps
to your mind we'll come back to your other question though anything
that jumps to your mind something that isn't on steam that ought
to be
yeah there's so many things
that I can come up with
too many to list and especially in this
show well let me check in with
Dark Soccer and Loki I want SNES collections
SNES collections like Genesis
collections exactly why not no
even better TurboGrafx
I want the revamped Dracula
X alien crush HD
oh my god right that would be our dev
no I want to see the whole crush series
like up through Jackie crush okay
all right Loki Minecraft
you just want Minecraft in
steam make sense it'd be cool I run my
Minecraft through steam I guess
you can be done all right
let's let's get to the meteor question that rage nator
asks what are you personally looking forward to
this year if anything let me guess
Loki Saints Row 4 Grand Theft Auto 5
oh and oh
yeah come on yes both
is that it
and Earth Defense Force 2025
okay and the new Call of Duty
um for me the
Kingdom Hearts 1.5 remix is something
I'm definitely looking forward to Final Fantasy 14
Realm Reborn so I know I'm sounding like a
total Square Enix fanboy but it is
what it is Disney Infinity
although I'm totally expecting that game
to be a flop that whole collectible
figurine thing I have to admit
I'm like if I'm gonna get into a Skylanders
game it's gonna be this one you know
I'm cautiously optimistic I actually do have to tell
you something Julian does not have
any Skylanders games but he has toys
that he plays with
there are people that collect Disney
commemorative plates they will
buy this game people will buy this game
it's not gonna it's not gonna
matter it's not gonna flop uh I'm
still holding hope that Phantasy Star Online 2
will make it out this year at some point although
I'm losing hope but we'll see E3 is kinda the
make or break for that um
I kinda wanna see the South Park
Stick of Truth game too
the toilet humor potty
humor guy in me wants to see that uh
Pokemon X and Y believe it or not I'm
loving what it looks like the revamp battle system
is gonna be or not system but the graphics
and everything and how they're making everything 3D
it looks it looks really cool I don't
usually get into the Pokemon games quite as much as
other people I know like Shane but
uh if there's gonna be one that's gonna win
me over it'll probably be X and Y
how about you Spazinator
what do you want this year what can't you wait for?
uh well stuff
that would probably run on my
uh uh KPS
computer probably
Magic 2014
of course
yeah well
that's probably one of the few upcoming
games that will run on my
computer for sure
some of the other stuff like
GTA 5 I know for games
sure it won't run on my computer
uh if I were to go replace
my consoles I may go get
that but
it's not really within my budget right now
but uh
the short answer is just the next
Magic the gallery so
fair enough you know what there's sometimes those reliable
series and we're always waiting for the next entry in them
some people only get Madden
every single year and if you know if
if the DDR game if we were like you know
10 years ago I would have said oh whatever new
DDR game is coming out this year that's what I'm looking forward to
but you know times have changed alright
uh Raginator I'm gonna let you go so we can get more calls
but take care buddy okay?
yep you too take care bye
oh and uh bye to Anakin as well if you hear that
uh 1877 game OLR
uh we didn't get a lot
of twitter topics tonight but I will read this one
from Tigerclaw because this does look interesting
I didn't know about this uh that
Tigerclaw tweets us the Tetris creator
Alexey Pajitnov
I totally said that wrong I haven't heard that guy's
name in a long time but uh he created
Tetris and he came out with a new
mobile phone game this is where
everybody's going IOS it's a
IOS game called Marbly
it's the first title he's ever designed
exclusively for a mobile device
and that you play with colored balls
hence the name Marbly
what are they blue
okay someone had to go the five
year old ride why are you giggling over there when I mentioned
balls alright let's go
cause balls are funny balls are funny let's go
to the phones and see who's there oh
another video call I'm loving this
hi I love your shirt and I want it
who's on Orange Lounge Road? take it off and send it
to me now
your chest is impressive
keep it on for the rest of this call please
you guys are cheating me I'll see you on video
I know well you've heard
how many times the stream has gone down tonight
we can't afford the upload who is
this for the listeners
this is Ospher hi Ospher how you doing
pretty good
you mentioned earlier about how you were really
getting into the Wii U Virtual Console
and earlier this week
I took advantage of that deal that
what is that like 32 cents
Super Metroid or whatever
if you live in a state that taxes those online
purchases yes 32 cents but
somehow in California we get away with
a measly 30 cents for Super Metroid
dang
holy crap I know I saved two
cents
I uh
I also went I got a
Mega Man X because
I don't know like a lot of people
seem to really be into the series I've never
played Mega Man X before but I've played like
you poor thing now's a
great time to catch up
yeah it seems pretty good
like I'm pretty bad at Mega Man
games in general too but like had a little fun
thing I like the dashing and stuff like that
well a lot of Mega Man games
are really freaking hard too
so it's you know you say I'm not that good
at Mega Man games nobody is
that good at Mega Man games but you learn
you learn you get better at them
yeah I was actually really mad earlier because I was
like fighting some mini boss
against I can't remember the robot
names like some electrical guy and
I couldn't even beat the freaking mini boss like I was
like getting so angry and then I
fight the actual boss I'm like wow that was the easiest thing
I've ever done
what did you think of Super Metroid?
um well I actually own it on
Super Nintendo so I've played it before
yeah yeah there you go
but you're very
you're very well thought out
and it being your favorite game ever because it is
pretty amazing
that is the right answer sir
I will side with you in your whole
Chrono Trigger debate that I think Super Metroid
is a far better game than Chrono Trigger
oh it's comparing
apples and oranges though I don't care how many
times you have five to cite tonight you get a gold
star for that comment
if you're comparing RPGs
Chrono Trigger is up at the top next to
Final Fantasy 6 but
action games
okay okay Jamie in the
RPG department I will say that I
like Chrono Cross better than Chrono Trigger
but if we're sticking to just SNES
just SNES?
Final Fantasy 6 vs Chrono Trigger
I think is the great SNES debate
okay well for me then that would be
Super Mario RPG
good answer actually good answer
fair answer fair answer
also you mentioned um this shirt
earlier yes you can tell because
it's like backwards but it's the Symphony of the
Goddesses shirt it's not backwards on our end
it's not backwards on our end I guess the camera flips
properly yeah that's weird yeah we see it
yeah on my
end it is backwards so I'm like
I don't know that's weird that's weird
but have you guys made it out to see Symphony
of the Goddesses yet? no but I want
to but you know what I said earlier about
a lot of stuff going on
yeah I think um
I was at Sunshine
I think you mentioned something about it coming back
to California soon I believe I
heard it's going to be in Oakland or somewhere
in the East Bay soon and
I honestly think it was
like early June it's probably
when I'm in LA
just my luck
just my luck yeah alright
well Oscar anything you want to uh share with our listeners
tonight anything else?
um that's about it they should
all your listeners should go drink coffee that's what they should do
alright
but don't drink crappy coffee
have you drink have you drinks oh you drink coffee
right now there we go did you have your mug
is like the size of mine except mine says
um the queen is not accepting
an audience today
oh yeah this is just like some cheap
walmart mug I don't know and it's starbucks
blonde dress so it's pretty good
there you go there you go alright Oscar
you take care have a good night thanks for calling
alright you too alright bye
I'm liking this trend of video
callers we have going on 1877
game OLR or a username on skype
orange lounge radio
we have some really pretty listeners
now dark sakura will judge
she's playing hot or not tonight on webcam
I'm just kidding I am not
I do not judge because I am
and we're not those kind of people
everybody's and until we totally are
everybody's beautiful in their own unique way
everybody's beautiful
was that was who was that that was
ray stevens wasn't it was it I think so
I don't know you know it's funny I told
when I was on the way back uh to
gulf port to get on the plane I
texted dan from pascagoula
so he asked if there were squirrels going berserk
cause that was another ray steven song
you guys are such
nerds so alright
let's go to another call
hi you're on orange lounge radio who's this
this is the legend of zaku here
three video calls in a row
look at that what's up zaku
uh nothing much just trying to
stay dry high and dry right now
with all this thunder outside
I heard it's raining out there on the east coast
oh cause that's probably all the unfortunate
tornado weather that was in the midwest probably making
its way over there right is that yeah I've already
heard a few rumbles ugh
which by the way I hope
everybody's I know code man lives
in oklahoma so I checked in with him earlier in the week
I don't know I don't know who else of our listenership
is in that area affected by the tornadoes but
I hope y'all are okay I hope your stuff's hooked
up to surge protectors too well code man
was on oh my god he's got a shirt I want
I freaking love
dream theater oh my god
dream theater's
freaking awesome
alright zaku I surely you
did not just call in tonight to get complimented by
dark soccer although I wouldn't blame you if you did
what's on your mind tonight
well I guess well
to put it bluntly
I think we're approaching
the next video game crash
now call me cynical
but if you look at the rumblings
of how microsoft
uh announced to the world
about the xbox one how
they're basically
you can't you're not getting a straight answer
from them regarding used games
it's contradicting each answer is contradicting
one another kind of like
the like heisenberg's
rule of uncertainty
it's uncertainty principle where if you study
something long enough
it's properties change
dynamically
so it keeps shifting around
so there's no in other words
you're still left with
so many unopened questions and
and it's getting to the
point where we don't own things
anymore it's kind of like the steam
model being pigeonholed
into the console
even though it's not
the appropriate medium
wait do you blame steam for
what xbox let's say worst
case scenario is true with xbox one
do you blame steam for that do you think
that everybody's looking at steam going
well they get away with digital downloads
well I mean it's expected
that a console which
for lack of a better
word it's just like you know
it's a dumb computer it only
does certain functions
yeah but you know what it does great is connect
to online games right Loki that's
one thing it does very well
yeah anyway sorry
well okay
but I mean it's like
it's expected that all the
media for a video named
console is physical
it's like it's tangible even
though they do exist
as game downloads
and that's already accepted
and you know as
a standard where you only own
the license to that particular
digital copy
but if you buy something tangible
wouldn't you expect that the first
sale doctrine would apply to it
but I'm thinking Microsoft
is thinking about a little
decision where the folks
from Autodesk
come in
Zaku stop talking
alright I gotta ask you this
because I wanna play devil's
advocate and this is important because you say that
you know we expect something tangible
I'm not gonna disagree with you I like
having the tangibleness I've been very
disappointed that manuals are going away
and instead we're eating these inserts
these inserts that say go to our website
like that really ticks me off
but hold on devil's advocate
is that at one point in this industry
it was cartridges, cartridges
cartridges, Atari 26 cartridges, NES
cartridges, Super NES cartridges and then all of a
sudden disc and there were some people
that would say cartridges for life
and Nintendo was one of those people and they paid
for it on the N64
yes that is true however even
with the disc era starting with playstation
you know and anything
slightly earlier than that
you're able to lend it out
to anybody, to your friends
now all of a sudden Microsoft wants
to impose like you know paying for that game
all over again I mean
when you buy something you're
presuming it's pretty
much common presumption that
you pretty much own
it you're able to do what you want
to lend it out but
in this case for the Xbox One
it's a much tighter grip
it's equity, it's equity on what
you value
like this huge wall of
DVDs I'll never watch they at least have
equity I could get 50 cents at
a dimple or something
which is a local chain that buys
these things
compared to those discs it's like a house
you buy a house and then you sell it
for hopefully more money later on it's like a car
you buy it and then hopefully you can sell it
later on and I know a lot of people are saying
a video game is different than a car but
until now our games
have had equity and now
we're saying we might lose that and that is
not good when you're asking me to pay
$60 for a game that will be
worth zero when I try to resell it
more importantly it's
collusion between not only the
game developers
the manufacturers
they're colluding with GameStop
to find a way
like maybe
well I mean from what I'm hearing
it's you have to
it's rumor
it's an exchange so to speak
it's almost similar to how the Yankees
basically opted out of
StubHub to create their own ticket exchange
because up until
last year me and my girl were able to get
like you know
home tickets for really good
seats at below face value
and I think this is what's happening
they're taking the same
approach where they want to cut out any other middle
man and basically set
their own terms and set their own
prices for certain games
holy crap I just saw lightning in the background
that was crazy did you guys see that?
like totally flashed in his window there
sorry
this is why we don't do a video show
I get too distracted there's something shiny
behind you there's something shiny
okay look Zaku I gotta wrap
this up for time but I do want to say this about the
video game crash I do feel like
sometimes as cynical gamers
we do sit here with every console generation
and go the game crash the game crash the game crash
I don't think the video game industry is going to
crash necessarily
but hold on
I feel there is a very real possibility
that both the PlayStation 4
and the Xbox One
and hell the Wii U as well there's a very
real possibility all three of them
fail and they could call that
a video game crash but you know who the winner
is in that situation the current generation
because people still have those
consoles
well yeah that too and then mobile which
never had those which those nations were
were never a
a mood point to begin with I mean
there were never an issue to begin
with I mean all digital
everything on mobile is pretty much
digital so it's
the same rules that apply to PC
and you
know if it turns out that
Sony is basically pulling the same tricks
as Microsoft and
God help them if they find
a way to spin it really well better than
what Microsoft was able to then
yeah there might be a crash
long overdue it might even happen
a lot sooner if they flop
at the end of the year or early next
yeah people will still clutch
to their existing 360s
and PS3s like myself
I hope it's not an all out
crash because I know a lot of people in the industry
that would be affected
as I said it might not
I may have exaggerated when saying
crash without like adding context and scope
it will be a crash
with like traditional consoles
mobile and any other casual
aspects of gaming will
be unscathed
because they appeal to a broader audience
alright
Zaku I gotta let you go so we can wrap up the show
but thank you for your opinion take care
bye you too
don't get hit by lightning
I love when we get like really
in depth discussion like that though
yeah Zaku doesn't you know
love Zaku or hate him when he gets on his
train where he won't let me talk
but he's very passionate
and I love that I love all your guys' passion
that's what this show is all about all you guys
and I love Utada Hikaru's passion
I do it's a good song
thank you guys for putting up with our
internet up and down fuckery tonight
we really appreciate it
we'll be back next week next week is the big pre
E3 show that is the week to lock in
our predictions and guess what guys
you know we gotta use this as an excuse
to bring back listless and the thing we
most want to happen want to see happen
so be thinking about it now
we'll be back one week from tonight to do
all that but in the meantime it's time to
end tonight's show
I just wanted to let you know that there was a mention of a
very old joke when I was hanging out with
Jammer Jay oh god
Pantsless Rage of course of course alright look
Loki any other last minute stories before
we wrap it up and say print
yeah Shadow Warrior you remember it's
being remade well the classic is available
free on Steam forever
so go play it and then finally
the Super Mario Brothers movie
has celebrated its 20th
anniversary
so that's it
alright
oh and one other thing
one other thing that Steam does better than
you know the Xbox One
the Alan Wake series on
the Xbox 360
right now is $20
$4 on Steam
that's why people don't mind DRM
you can get a series of games for
$4 or the Humble Bundle where you can get
the entire franchise
like 20 games
for 5 bucks
alright
that is going to do it there for
another episode of Orange Lawns Radio thank you guys
very much for tuning into our show whether it be live
and putting up with the connection issues or listening
on the podcast feed taking the time out to download
us or through an app like TuneIn or
Stitcher or one of those we really appreciate
it no matter how you listen to the show
and I would like to give a shout out to somebody who
said she would be downloading the show
to Blue Sigma from Tumblr
more people that I don't know
thank you for listening to us from across the sea
thank you stranger stranger danger
if you
you know what if you want to help
promote Orange Lawns Radio all we ask is
tell a friend so get your friend
on Tumblr or MySpace
post it on Tumblr
with a picture of a cat and I guarantee
you'll have 50 re-blogs in a second
so just
spread the word about our show that's all we ask don't spam
but spread the word about our show tell a friend
tell somebody who might appreciate
what we're doing here and spread the love of independent
podcasting if you think our show is shit
then thank you for at least listening to the whole
thing before you decided it was shit
go download another great independent podcast
there's lots of great content producers out there
we've got a whole ton of them here at the Voice of Geeks Network
everybody from Bobby Blackwolf
Understation Live, Girls Gone Wow
Anime Gem Session, Pod Culture
everybody here at the Voice of Geeks Network
we love being partnered up with them
and
and beyond lots of great hard-working
independent broadcasters out there
good luck to those that were lucky enough to get into E3
I hope you guys can bring us some news
that the mainstream press will miss
e3.vognetwork.com don't forget to
do that to ask your questions
and I think that's really it
now we can go around and get everybody's final thought
so my final thought tonight
I'll start is that it's time to check
in for my airline because I want a good seat
Loki, your final thought tonight
AC's not working, boo
the AC's working here
in my house, boo
oh, you want to stay here tonight?
no, not working well I guess
oh, that's still terrible
well if the little one gets too warm you and Nellie are welcome to bring him over
to my house, it's not gonna be that hot tonight
where Midna will nibble his toes
get that thing fixed before it gets really bad
be thankful you're not going to Phoenix
tomorrow then in that case
Dark Saga, your final thought tonight
I have done two feet
and am attaching the major parts of the body
of my scale mate
and when I am done with him
hopefully, because I never sleep so it might be tonight
I will post pictures up
are they happy feet?
they're kind of deflated
because they have no stuffing
but I could put them on my fingers
and pretend they're real feet
see, look, real feet
you need a little picture of that for
I am scale mate feet
I think I am going to name my scale mate
sir no stuffing
or something
alright, I'll name him Stouffer
ok, that's it, we're done
we're out of here, thank you guys very much for tuning in
again, if you like the show, please help spread the word
we're an indie show, we don't have big money to be
selling ads, we don't have the type of
listener base that's going to give us a quarter of a million dollars
on Kickstarter, all we have is word of mouth
and we appreciate it, have a wonderful night everybody
see you next week for pre
E3-ness, bye
Orange Lounge Radio
Orange Lounge Radio is a production
of OLR Studios
to join us for a live show
tune into vaughnetwork.com
Sunday nights
at 6pm Pacific
9pm Eastern
the views and opinions expressed in this program
do not necessarily reflect
those of the staff of Orange Lounge Radio
or Vaugh Network
but you know they were all
still true
see you next week
