Orange Lounge Radio
The region hosts DarkSakura, Skie, and Loki
Tonight, June 30th, 2013, Microsoft reportedly drops Xbox Live patching fees,
the Dave & Buster's chain is searching for the next big game,
and Nintendo fans start a petition to end region locking on the Wii U.
Orange Lounge Radio
Hello my friends out there on the internet and welcome back to another week of the show
where every gamer has a voice.
It is Orange Lounge Radio for this episode number 510, June the 30th of 2013.
My name is Rob Roberts and I am here to talk with you guys about video games
and gaming culture and gaming LOLs and gaming WTFs
with my co-host joining me as she has faithfully for the past 11 years.
Say hello to DarkSakura, Jamie Summers.
Are you still sick 11 years later?
Hey, you know what, it's funny, my voice is getting a little bit better,
but I still have the cough, so.
Aww.
Ricola!
I'm living on a steady diet of Ricola, but you know what?
I've gone down a size.
Congratulations, I guess.
Thanks to my diet of Ricola.
That's not really the way you're supposed to do it, but you-
Well, that and fruit.
You look for the silver lining.
What are you, an Animal Crossing villager?
Yes, I live on pears.
Alright.
Pears and rainbow trout.
Also say hello to a man that lives on round table breadsticks.
Say hello to Loki.
Just today.
Just today.
How are you doing, Loki?
I'm doing alright.
So, for those that-
Loki has a bubonic plague.
Yeah, it's a good thing it's not a video show because if you guys could see Loki,
he's got like chicken pox on his hands or something.
Yeah, it's not really chicken pox.
I mean, I don't know what chicken pox looks like because I've never had it,
but it's an extreme- well, it's not extremely rare, but it's rare.
It's hand, foot, and mouth disease.
Usually something that, you know-
Is that where you keep putting your foot in your mouth?
Because you do that a lot on this show.
No, no.
Hand, foot, and mouth disease is like this virus that you get that starts off with a fever.
So, I had like 102 fever for like a whole 24 hour period.
That would not go down no matter what kind of medication I took.
And then you break out in a rash on your hands, your feet, and usually your mouth.
It could be- like, for me, it was on my face.
Not so much in my mouth, thank goodness.
A little bit at the back of my throat.
And then like one tip of my tongue, which I always get like a weird thing from like acidic food sometimes.
Gross.
But yeah, basically they act like blisters.
So, my hands look like they're all spotted in red and there's some that actually look like blisters.
And they were hurting quite a bit more earlier in the week.
Like, I couldn't really pick up things without hurting, you know.
But actually today's not bad. I don't feel anything.
So, you're getting better.
I'm getting better, yes.
Please don't be contagious.
No, I shouldn't be contagious.
The listers do not want to catch foot and mouth disease or whatever it is you have.
No, it's only contagious.
Like, it's mainly like, you know, if you're dealing with your children or something like that.
You can catch it from, you know, changing their diapers or something like that.
You can catch it from food.
She had baby butt disease.
If you share, like, I was sharing food.
Like, see, you probably wouldn't catch it if you ate some of this stuff.
Because, like, I was actually eating the same fork and, you know.
I wouldn't touch those breadsticks.
In fact, that whole area is getting Lysol'd as soon as you leave.
That's fine.
I wouldn't expect you to do anything different any other day.
We could set up a quarantine.
I think we've got some canvas somewhere.
Should we drape a plastic sheet over Loki?
God, no, it'll be even hotter than it is.
You'll be the Loki in the plastic bubble.
No, but other than that, you know, I've been just staying at home.
Just doing a lot of watching of instructional videos for, you know, Unity stuff.
Your programming stuff is moving on.
Yeah, I finished, well, I don't know if you'd call it finished.
I finished slash quit my C++ thing because I was just like,
listen, I don't really care about all this stuff that they're talking about.
When you work with Unity and stuff, it doesn't really apply.
Like, you know, some of the very low-level things they're teaching you in C++.
And sure, I'll go back to it someday.
But for right now, I just wanted a basic understanding of programming languages.
And that's what I got.
And now when they're showing Unity stuff, I can understand what they're doing.
I'm not like, what? What's he mean by that?
Well, I look forward to seeing whatever project,
especially the one you were telling me about before the show.
Sounds very ambitious.
It's like an OLR dream game in the future.
It's Peter Molyneaux crap.
Can you imagine if Peter Molyneaux had Loki's ideas?
Because this is where we're headed now, is that Loki's learning programming.
Loki's going to come up with these games. It's going to be crazy.
So, a couple quick things and then we'll get to our guests.
Because you have a guest here in the studio.
First off, I know much of the country is under a heatwave right now.
But it is hotter than Satan's taint here in Sacramento right now.
And just as sweaty. It's humid.
And we bitch here in Sacramento about the humidity when it's above zero.
This is not humid.
No, I know. It's not East Coast humid. I know that.
But it's bad for West Coast. It's bad.
That was one thing I was going to say.
And then I think I was going to say something gaming related.
But I forgot because I was thinking about how fucking hot it was.
So, I guess with that, speaking of Satan's taint, let's go introduce our guest.
No, I'm kidding.
Say hello everybody. Joining us live in studio tonight.
A good friend of mine. We go way back years and years.
And he hosts another show that you all should be listening to.
It's First Mate Slidekick from the GameBui.org podcast.
Ahoy.
How you doing?
Pretty well aside from the roasting like a chicken part.
Like a pig at a luau.
Yeah, it's pretty bad here in Sacramento right now.
You're visiting us for the weekend from where do you live usually?
The Bay Area.
Yeah.
Just the big nebula of the Bay.
Yes.
Awesome. Well, welcome.
So, Spike, your co-host at GameBui.org was here about, I think it was about, actually it was about two months ago at this point.
Yeah.
So, assuming we picked up any new listeners between now and then, tell us a little bit about GameBui.org.
What's your show all about?
Well, we're your port of call for gaming news and views that maybe aren't on your radar, but definitely should be.
What we kind of focus on are left of center news and genres that you might not hear on your typical gaming podcast.
So, we talk about JRPGs a lot.
We talk about different issues in gaming like gay issues and that sort of thing.
So, you try to talk about stuff before it's cool.
So, it's like a hipster podcast.
Not really, but we think it's important for people who are interested in this type of content and these sorts of games to have a place to go to hear the news.
Because we find all this stuff on all the big news sites, but with all the big news that happens, it sometimes gets lost.
Yeah, sure.
All this fuckery about the Xbox One.
That whole talk dominated E3 and I'm sure there's lots of great, and I use my quotey fingers, Kensha Hall games in memory of the hall that used to be there.
They kind of fall off the radar because everybody's too preoccupied with all this crap about Xbox versus Sony and Nintendo out of left field and all that.
Right, yeah. I mean, we talk about Xbox One and some of the bigger stuff too, but we just try to keep our fingers on the pulse of the stuff that you might not hear a lot about.
So, hopefully we can succeed with that.
And where can folks hear your show?
We're over at gamebuoy.org and you can get all of our episodes there and also links to all our social networks.
So, hopefully some of you OLR peeps will come and listen to us and say hi.
So, it's like Game Boy, but you have a U before the L, like a buoy.
A buoy, like a boat buoy.
Hence why you're pirates and first mates and all that.
We're pirates, yeah.
Sorry, the listeners are complaining that you're too quiet.
Wow, that's a first.
I know. Actually, no.
Well, especially since back when we were raiding, I'd have to turn you way down.
That's true.
And then I'd have to turn Rob even further down because Rob would be like,
Okay, everybody on the main tank, move. Tank, move.
I like to yell at people when I play, wow, I can't help it.
It's just the way I am.
So, you got some fans in the chatty room over at live.volganetwork.com because this show,
you know, the one that does all the mainstream stuff here where every gamer has a voice.
We read along with you guys in the chat room. You guys can participate.
Live.vognetwork.com, Sunday nights at 6 o'clock Pacific, 9 o'clock Eastern,
right after the Bobby Black Wolf show.
Although, sadly, he was not live tonight due to a last-minute technical glitch.
Those things happen, but poor Bobby's had a string of bad luck lately with the lightning and everything else.
So, our thoughts go out to him for like a good week.
Somebody needs to take Bobby Black Wolf on a cruise, y'all.
Somebody needs to put him on a cruise.
You know, he likes cruises. He's a cruiser guy.
That's not good luck at all. Come on.
Oh, yeah. With everything that happened with the carnival and everything.
Stay away from cruises.
He'll end up on the poop cruise. We don't want that.
Somebody needs to get him on a good cruise.
No, we just need to win the lottery, go to Georgia, and give him a big hug.
Alright. Let's see.
Going into our chat room at live.vognetwork.com,
Osfer says, I've been recently listening to Game Buoy. Happy face.
Aw, thanks, Osfer.
And Clerical Error 404 says, Game Buoy is great.
Aw, lots of love. Thank you.
He has to say that, though, because we're doing the stuff with Koopa Club and Game Bar and Gamer X.
No, I'm kidding. What a great bunch of guys all around the internet doing those podcasts. Good stuff.
Clerical Error 404 also suggests a cruise to Alaska.
Hi.
And Code Man says, I love Bobby. We all love Bobby here at the Voice Geese Network.
That's why we get pissed when all this bad shit keeps happening to him.
How about an open letter to bad shit?
Knock it off.
Stop it. Not love, O-L-R.
Yeah.
I thought of the other announcement I wanted to make real quick, and then I'll get back to John, or excuse me, First Mate Slidekick.
Ooh, I just said your real name.
Ooh.
And then we'll move on with the show.
Last week, some of y'all were listening live, and we were having some really bad cutout problems.
The stream kept dropping every 15 seconds.
Now, originally we blamed that on our service provider, but the blame may have been misplaced.
It turns out it was a router that we were using here in the house, which sucks because we just replaced a router a year ago.
But now the other one died.
We have a bridge router that we use in the living room here that moves it from the studio.
So now the show is plugged in directly into the studio router.
I'll try to save you the full networking spiel.
But the last half of last week's show streamed fine.
So I'm sorry to the live audience that was getting really frustrated last week.
Hopefully that will be the end of it.
If anything screws up now, it's this 108 degree weather fuckery's fault.
No, it's Comcast. It's always Comcast.
It's always Comcast, exactly.
You know, anytime there's extreme weather changes, Comcast has a big fart, and the sticky bits get left on the customer.
Ew.
Exactly. That's what everybody says when it happens. It's horrible.
Anyhow, back to First Mate Slidekicks, since I'm supposed to be talking to you.
What are some of the topics you've talked about on Game Buoy lately?
One thing I kind of like about your show is that since you do a central topic, you pick a lot of stuff that's not necessarily tied into the news.
Like your April Fool's show was all about tingle, right?
Yes, it was our tinglecast.
And you did another show about, I know you did an LGBT show. What was your most recent one?
The most recent one we did was, like the recent full episode was our E3 Blowout, which is a yearly theme now, second year.
Actually, a new thing that we've done on the site is introduce Game Buoy Micro, which are little tiny podcasts.
And by tiny, I mean like a half hour because our podcasts tend to run longer these days.
Hey, boy, you know you're on a three hour show tonight, right?
Maybe that's why we're getting so long on Game Buoy. We were just trying to be like, O-L-R.
Oh, stop. Well, you guys are always really supportive of the other indie shows, and I think that's great.
That's something I've always really tried to champion is that, you know, support each other.
Don't cut each other down because nobody wins in that situation.
So you guys are always really great about pimping stuff at the end of your show.
Since you did, I know one of the Micros you did because I actually listened to it.
You guys went and saw the Best Buy Nintendo E3 Blowout.
Yeah, we actually took some YouTube video as well.
How was that? Not to steal the thunder of your show, but give us the Cliff Notes version. How was it?
You know, it was kind of cool. You know, I feel like any time you go to a Nintendo event,
whether it's just camping out for a Wii or, you know, going to something like this,
that Nintendo crowds are usually pretty cool.
It was a really long wait, but to Nintendo's credit, they didn't cut it off right at, like, six or whatever.
How long was long?
We were in line for about five and a half hours. You know, we got to play one game, but I mean, for me it was worth it.
Just like the real E3.
Yeah, pretty much. Authentic experience.
That's what they were actually saying. The Nintendo representatives there were saying it's an authentic E3 experience,
but they give us pizza. P-I-Z-Z-A.
Did they give you whipped cream pouring like waterfalls?
No, they didn't. Unfortunately.
Cheap, cheap bastards.
But yeah, I thought it was really cool that they put it on and that they were so cooperative in that.
Best Buy, to their credit, was really cooperative, too.
They could have just been like, nope, it's five. Everyone who hasn't played yet doesn't get to play,
but they tried to get everyone to play what they wanted and they had little Mario Kart 8 flags to give you
just for waiting in lines. I mean, it was really cool.
I still think the best way, you know, approach to E3 was like Xbox.
Oh my god, Xbox. Yeah, 2005 or 2006, when they did that, were bringing E3 home and they had demos for games.
Same demos that were out there. I'm like, why don't they do that?
I don't understand why they can't do that now. I mean, I know a lot of that doesn't run on final hardware and stuff.
I think the reason why they don't is there's too many people that make their final judgement of the game based off the E3 demo
and it's too risky in that regard. I honestly think that's a big part of it.
Like, you know, E3 builds are usually really early on in the development and there's too many people that make their decision like,
oh, this game sucks based off the demo. Like, you know, demos carry a lot of weight.
Yeah, but these people, though, are the same dumb people that will buy a game based off of a review score from one outlet.
So, I mean, they're very fickle anyways, so I don't know why we should punish every-
Considering that, you know, it's gonna get a good review and they're like, well, I guess I'll buy it.
Oh, okay. You know, cause, you know, YGIN liked it or something.
Um, quickly, also about the Nintendo experience. What did you play? You got your hands on with, you didn't-
Spike did Mario Kart 8, you did the Mario-
I did Mario 3D World, yeah.
The Mario 3D fused with Super Mario 2 game.
Yeah, cats. Super Mario cats, that's why you need to know.
Super Mario cats, yeah. It was cool, I mean, it was kind of chaotic and I've actually, I think it was over on US Gamer, which is Jeremy Parrish's new outlet.
They were describing it as chaotic too, but I mean, like in a good way, so it was fun, you know.
Mario Party's chaotic if you play with me. Mario Party's always chaotic.
Everything is chaotic if they play with you, Rob.
Shut up!
Hey, I've been here 11 years, I have the right to say whatever I want to, so nah.
But did you have fun?
I did, I did.
Did you make your judgment on the entire game based off that demo?
You know, I mean, I kind of made my judgment on that game based on the Nintendo Direct, honestly, so, I mean-
You're like, it's Mario and Princess Floats, I'm in.
Pretty much, you know, I'm a shameless Nintendo fanboy, but you know, it was good to get a chance to play it and to be able to speak to that.
And you know, just being able to see the games that I didn't play, like watching Captain Spike play Mario Kart 8 and Wind Waker HD.
Towards the end, people were starting to just get really, like, annoyed when people were like,
Oh, I want to play Wind Waker HD, because it's actually, what they did is they redid the original GameCube demo.
So you could either do the bird battle, boss battle, or run around Windfall Village.
And, you know, which is cool, but I mean, compared to doing two races on Mario Kart or two levels in 3D World, you know, it was just a little too long.
So, it looked gorgeous though, and Donkey Kong Country Tropical Freeze looked good, so, you know, it was cool to actually get a chance to see it.
You know, not just based on an E3 video, so.
Okay. It was worth it.
Going to the chat room for some comments at live.vognetwork.com.
Shadownextgen says, Gamers rush to decisions. A lot of them don't understand the concept of an alpha or beta build that will be buggy.
Yeah, there's a lot of people playing the Final Fantasy XIV online beta right now that are, you know, basically like, Oh, this is just a game trial, right?
And not really. There's a lot still missing.
We've already seen big changes from the last build to this one.
Oh, God, yes.
Ospfer says, I also did Mario 3D World at the Nintendo E3 experience. It was pretty fun playing the cat form. The dive mechanic is really awesomely integrated in some of the levels.
Yeah, I agree.
Very cool.
Okay, well, taking a step back and just kind of getting to know you as a gamer a little bit before we get into tonight's news.
I always ask the guests this. What's your favorite video game of all time?
That's always a really tough question to answer.
You can name a couple if you have to. One of your favorite video games.
You know, I have to say, if I'm going to just pick one favorite, it would probably be the original Legend of Zelda for NES.
Just because I grew up with that game, I know it inside and out. And that's the game that I can just put on the virtual console or whatever and play through in a weekend.
And I just know where everything is. I mean, not that familiarity, over familiarity is always good, but you know, it just it always feels like going home again.
What do you love about video games?
I don't know. You know, I just I like exploring worlds. I like being another character. I just kind of get lost in it. And that's I guess that's always appealed to me. I've always been a nerdy kid.
All right. I can identify with that. One other thing and then I'll move on. What possessed you to want to do a podcast?
You know, I've known Captain Spike for actually longer than I've known you. So yes, you have.
You guys have been besties for a long time.
Yeah, we we were just always talking about games and we just thought, you know, why not give it a try? We were inspired by y'all here at OLR.
So we just thought we'd give it a go. And we've been going for over a year at this point. So that's a great compliment, though.
So thank you. Like any time anybody says like, oh, I mean, you guys did it. So that helped me learn that like I could do it, too.
I'm always like that's that's like actually like a great compliment. So thank you. Of course. You guys rock. So you guys rock.
No, you know, you love fast here at OLR. All right. Not in this heat. Anything else you want to plug in?
Any other shows? Twitter, things like that you want to plug?
You know, they can find all of our social links on our website, game buoy dot org.
I guess I just would like to shout out to gamer X convention in San Francisco.
You know, it's for gamers of all genders and that sort of thing. You don't have to be gay to enjoy gamer.
That's true. And Rob and I and Captain Spike and our friends from Game Bar and Koopa Club are going to be doing a podcasting panels there.
So if you happen to be heading out there or you didn't really know about it and you think that sounds like a cool thing, you should go over to gamer connect dot org dot com.
Oh, I feel bad. I think the ticket pre-sale is going to be done real soon. Yeah. In a couple of weeks. And then the ticket price goes up at the door.
If you're in Northern California, really, California at all. You should come with us.
If I drive to Disneyland five times a year, ULA people can come up here for a weekend. The thing is, it's right in Japan town.
So even if you're like not super into the convention experience, but you kind of want to go, you know, just come hang with us.
Go to Japan town. San Francisco. There is plenty to do everywhere. And it's like always 68 degrees.
So I can escape this horrible heat wave. So I don't know about today, though, because, you know, today was the big doesn't matter.
It's cooler than actually 25 degrees cooler. I think it's been in the 70s. Oh, no. The 70s. Oh, my goodness. All right.
OK. Well, thank you. And of course, please continue commenting on tonight's news. Like, certainly here.
For the record, it's 68 degrees in San Francisco right now. Wow. For the all you and us.
Oh, but tomorrow it'll be 80 for all of you.
Let's go, grandpa, if you're listening. Kiss my butt. All right. Anyhow, let's move on into how was your gaming week?
We always like to start off the show with a little bit of what types of video games have you been playing this week in dark soccer?
I know you've had a big week in gaming. I played old stuff.
We hooked up the Super Nintendo last night for my friend Amanda's 30th birthday.
Happy birthday, Amanda. And we played Turtles in Time, which is the most awesome game ever.
And we had some Super Mario World, some rock and roll racing, which is funny.
My my friend's mom turned around and said, is that Black Sabbath coming from the Super Nintendo game?
Yes, ma'am, it was. And that was Blizzard before they were Blizzard.
Yeah, it was pre Blizzard and which led us to a discussion about the lost Vikings and how you can actually find them in WoW.
Yeah, in Alderman. And if you are Horde, though, you can kill them, which is pretty fun.
I was doing that when I was way past level. So I played a little bit of Final Fantasy 14 just because I only played a little because of all the stuff going on, especially with being sick and having to clean house and have the party.
I finally got to play Cards Against Humanity. It's not a video game, I know, but it's totally wrong.
All the nerds are playing it. And I got the best win ever. I should I might say it on air, but it's really horrible.
But I did say that it's like an M. Knight, whatever his name is. The plot twist was that Nickelback was really perpetually handicapped.
M. Knight Shyamalan. Yeah, whatever.
Shyamalan Dean Dong. That's what Dan calls him.
So we had the old school SNES stuff last night, and I have played some.
I played Mass Victory on Thursday for the live stream, but I only played for a little bit because I was just feeling rotten.
I mean, rotten.
Today was a very special day because thanks to the lovely generosity of our first mate here, I have 3DS.
And then thanks to my husband not wanting me to make puppy eyes and wine at him, I have Animal Crossing.
He also got himself the last Fire Emblem game for the DS.
So there's a little something in it for you both. That's good, though.
And we're probably going to sell my old DSi since we only need to have one of each system.
And we have my pink GBA. I have the clear pink one. We have the Nintendo SP, whatever they're called.
The one that was done up by the NES.
So usually it's like when the new stuff comes out, we'll have one each of us and then sell off one of the old ones.
But right now we're poor.
So I've been playing, what, six hours of Animal Crossing today.
And I've already made the down payment on my house and bought a phone booth.
And then one of my friends on Tumblr, who I have to say thank you to my name, Twin, if she's listening.
I got a Dave Strider shirt for anyone who's into Homestuck. It was really cool.
So my character's running around in it wearing pink glasses because ew, pink, but glasses.
So it's kind of a weird hipster.
That's a lot for just one day. You've probably done more in a day than I've done in the three weeks I've owned.
I have all the fruit now. I do not have a watering can and I do not have a slingshot yet.
You'll get it.
It better be tomorrow.
Don't forget to buy the fortune cookie every day.
Oh, shoot. Well, don't you have to have coins or something?
Yeah, you get those from walking around. So if you've been walking around with your 3DS today, you have coins.
Okay.
I'll go buy it.
It's so cute. DarkSakura's having to learn about her 3DS and how to add friends and all that stuff. It's fun.
And I played that MeFinder quest, shit, whatever, and the two of you I would expect would be Grade A adventurers, but you couldn't kill a ghost.
Nope, not until you StreetPass with us several times.
Yeah, it's actually based on how many times you StreetPass with a person. Up to, I think, seven times, I think is where it maxes out.
I thought you guys would just run amok through my game.
No, I'm just like, look at my pretty penguin hat. Isn't it awesome?
I love your penguin hat.
This is why I stopped playing Find Me because I don't need a better hat.
Rob, I honestly like Slykic's hat better.
Whatever.
The Mario hat.
I want to have a propeller hat because that would be awesome.
So yeah, Animal Crossing, that's going to be my life from here on out. I did name my town Normandy, like I said I would.
Congrats.
So either that, so either all of my townsfolk are going to call me Commander.
Uh-huh.
I mean, my character is Sakura because every Animal Crossing character I've ever had a Sakura.
Either that or they're all going to have like French words that would be like Merde or Ulala or Zoot.
Today, I made my crappy recreation of the VOG logo in my Animal Crossing town because we finished the custom signboard.
So right when you enter the town, you see now a big little VOG logo, my ghetto logo.
I have a goal for this game though, to find Dina.
You want to be reunited?
I want my lesbian back.
Ours is a love lung tonight.
She was an aardvark, right?
No, she wasn't. I don't think she was an aardvark.
I thought she was a duck.
Whatever.
No, Mallory was a duck.
There were several ducks, Rob.
I don't give a duck.
We have diversity.
Fine.
You and your only aardvarks can be lesbians.
Alright, moving on.
Loki, I know you haven't been playing Animal Crossing. What have you been playing?
I haven't been playing very much at all actually this week.
The two things I did play this week, one being Final Fantasy XIV, the beta.
I played about an hour of that.
I was actually going to play more, but then I just kept getting distracted.
I was supposed to play a little bit of Planet Cardine, but I forgot.
Hands hurt too much anyways to play anything.
Final Fantasy XIV, I leveled to 9.
I did my first instance battle thing as part of my storyline.
It was alright.
I keep running into those event things though.
I'll be just going somewhere and it's like,
Oh, you stumbled upon a fate.
Do shit.
I'm like, okay, I guess I will.
Then I get killed because I don't notice that my health is going down
because it's too much on the screen.
There's a tip I have for fates.
If you happen to find yourself overwhelmed, run through a big crowd of people.
The thing will not follow you.
Well, it wasn't that at all.
I didn't even notice it was doing a lot of damage to me.
It's because I just kept, you know, I'd get done with one
and immediately target the next thing and immediately go.
Also, many people don't realize the UI is completely customizable even on PS3.
If the health bars are not in a unique place for you, try to move them.
I should.
Then the other thing I played was a little bit of Excite Truck this morning
because we wanted to entertain Josh.
I was trying to get Mario Kart to work, but my disc wouldn't read in my Wii U,
which is weird because it did before and I was just not.
Then it's just like, okay, I guess we'll do Wii Play,
and then he couldn't understand Wii Play.
So we did Excite Truck, and he just kind of let it sit there and coast in a circle.
So that was kind of fun.
But I actually did get to play a couple of races and stuff.
Man, that game looks really basic now that you're not zooming through the landscape at a high rate of speed.
It's just very basic looking.
I'm like, wow, that is very simple.
But it's still one of the few games that utilizes the SD card for a very awesome reason,
custom sounds, because their music wasn't very good.
It's all right.
Let's see, what else?
A little bit of housekeeping.
Thanks to one of our old listeners of the show
and also one of the old players that used to play on the Minecraft server that we had,
LordGally.
He has actually provided or said, hey, you know what?
I have a server that not a lot of people play on.
You guys want to come play on our server?
So he gave me full access to the admin stuff for it, so we'll be able to set it up.
It's actually a lot more flexible than the old ones, so I can actually do all the kind of mods I wanted to do.
Well, somebody needs to build a shrine to LordGally first thing for that, because that's an awesome gesture.
Thank you, LordGally.
I have to check with him, because right now it's set to survival and stuff,
so I have to see if he wants to switch it off of that and put it on bucket and everything.
But now that I have all the tools to do that, I've just got to sit down and actually research what I want to do.
I wanted to put a Spoutcraft server on there, because Spout's pretty awesome,
because you can create all the custom shapes and stuff,
like other materials that are unique to the game.
So you could have new enemies, you could have planes, cars, guns, all sorts of crazy stuff.
So I'll see how hard that is and may do that, but it looks like it'll be a lot of fun,
and hopefully we'll get to play it again.
This man is bouncing off the walls in chat, he's very excited to hear that it's back.
So soon, I'll have the details in the Vaga Minecraft forum.
Slidekick, are you a Minecraft player? You ever tried that out?
I've actually never played Minecraft before, so I probably should.
It's different. It's a game, but it's more like Legos on the computer.
It's hard to explain.
It's clever. It's never really been a high priority for me,
but I should check it out, so give it a chance.
Okay, if that's it for Loki's Gaming Week, then I will move into my gaming week real quick.
I didn't have a lot to play. Honestly, I OD'd on Final Fantasy XIV this weekend during the beta.
I played damn near nonstop. I had a couple other things to do here locally,
but when I wasn't out and about, I was trying to stay out of the heat,
and I was playing the crap out of Final Fantasy XIV beta.
My Thaumaturge is level 16. I started with Thaumaturge and switched to Conjurer,
and my Conjurer is now 17, so I've got both those jobs going.
So is Conjurer the XIV version of a Summoner now?
No, that's going to be Arcanist, which isn't in the beta yet, so there's still stuff to add.
Arcanist will lead to Summoner and Scholar eventually,
and then Thaumaturge leads to Black Mage and Conjurer leads to White Mage.
But you don't ever get stuck with just one job.
It's not like the XI system of sub-jobs. It's Final Fantasy V's more system where you choose traits.
Because my Thaumaturge is level 16, when I play a Conjurer, I can have Thunder and Surecast from my Thaumaturge in my bar.
If I were to play a Gladiator, I could actually get weapon skills if they're compatible with my class.
But everybody should level a Conjurer to 2 to get a Cure.
You could have Cure with almost any class.
It makes a lot of stuff easier.
I've just been playing the crap out of Final Fantasy XIV. I love it a lot.
I think because in some ways it's still an MMO in its early stages.
We're not counting 1.0 at this point. I'm just throwing out 1.0.
In many ways, some of the combat I realized when I was healing a dungeon the other day,
I'm like, you know, this game doesn't really have the complexity of World of Warcraft.
All I'm doing is Cure, Cure, Cure, and occasionally I'm doing Medica, which is the group Cure.
Sometimes I'll get to nuke the mob, but I don't have the diversity that I have in World of Warcraft spells.
Granted, World of Warcraft wasn't always like that. World of Warcraft's five expansions in right now.
So it's going to take time for Final Fantasy XIV to build up to that, and I see the potential there.
But I love that the combat is so fast-paced, but it's Final Fantasy.
I like how you can utilize your terrain as well, because now that you can jump and stuff,
you can actually say, okay, I'm going to hop up on here and cast spells from up on top of here,
and the monster can't really get around to me. It doesn't work all the time with goblins and stuff,
but when they do the bomb toss or whatever, it'll show where the bomb's going to be,
and you can run around behind them and you don't take any damage, which is pretty sweet.
I actually liked that, too. That one duty I was having a problem with,
I ended up just sprinting and kiting him the whole time, but it was really neat.
It actually worked a lot better than it did him well.
The game is so fanservice-y, too, and it's beautiful. The lighting effects are so beautiful.
Have you played it on PC at all? It still looks pretty good on PS3, but my god,
some of the spell effects are like when you're casting in the water,
and the very first instance you go in is this blue ocean pirate-y thing.
I really hope this game goes free-to-play very fast, because I kind of want to play it.
Don't hold your breath.
I can tell you one thing. If you've got a high-end graphics card and you have everything bumped up all the way,
it's just, everything is there.
I thought I was going to have to get a new system, but there has been such a jump in performance
from the last beta to this beta. I'm like, oh my god, this game looks great on my not-so-great computer.
I'm so thrilled.
It really sets it to optimize to what you got.
Been loving Final Fantasy XIV. One of the other fanservice-y things I have to talk about,
the last boss in Tamtara Deepcroft, which is one of the instances,
it's a mage with a tentacle face, and I didn't catch it at first,
but Alan looks over and goes, dude, that's one of the mage mobs from Final Fantasy I.
And I'm like, oh my god, it is.
There's all these subtle fanservice things.
They changed something, by the way.
When you started off in Gridania, did you remake a character there?
No, I don't think so.
Your intro is different now from how it was in the last one.
You have moogles.
No, I started in Ulda this time.
Well, I went ahead and made another conjurer because I wanted to see if they added new quests.
And there's moogles, and it's really funny.
That's cute.
Techness in chat says, oh, and where's the VoG link shell for Final Fantasy XIV?
I accidentally rolled on one of the JP realms.
My assumption is that Horde House, being the online gaming show,
will kind of pick up the VoG link shell thing and create.
Right now we're on Behemoth, but that's subject to change for Beta 4.
We will let you know.
Behemoth is busy.
Yeah, Behemoth is busy, but we want to be on a busy server,
just because the first couple weeks might suck,
but later on, when the game starts thinning out,
you'll want to be on a busy server to find other people.
Have they announced what the month-to-month price is going to be yet?
15.
Is it really 15? I thought it was lower.
Well, if it's lower, then that's even better.
But I was under the impression it was going to be the 1495 thing.
I'm assuming somebody in chat will yell it out,
or if Shane Alinko is listening, he'll join shortly and yell it.
See, the thing is, I don't know.
I hate paying for an MMO month-to-month
because I want to play so much other stuff.
I feel locked into having to play that
to kind of get my money's worth each month,
and that's the thing.
That's why I quit Final Fantasy XI,
because I just wasn't playing it enough,
and I'm kind of afraid to get into something.
That's why free-to-play, or you buy the game
and then you can play whenever works well for me.
I like the game. I like it a lot better.
It seems to be a lot easier to level up and stuff
than XI, which is nice, but I don't know.
All right, so anyway, Final Fantasy XIV.
And then the other game I've played a lot of this week,
Marvel Heroes, the free-to-play MMO,
although it's a little more like Diablo.
Free my ass.
Yeah, well, it's got little transactions up the wazoo.
Little?
I started as Storm, of course, because I love Storm.
So I started playing as Storm, and then after I beat the first boss,
I got the Scarlet Witch token,
so I can play as Scarlet Witch now, too.
That's who I started with.
Yeah, so apparently all the characters will drop in the game.
It just might take forever.
But I'll give a cheap plug to this week's Hoard House,
because we had Mihail on this week,
and he talked about Marvel Heroes and a lot of League of Legends,
which I patched this week so I could play with Mihail
later this week when Final Fantasy XIV is not running.
HoardHouse.com.
It's not running this week?
Only on the weekends, right?
Yeah, Final Fantasy XIV is only running on the weekends,
but the rumor is there's going to be a longer stress test before Beta 4,
so we'll see.
Anyhow, Slidekick, First Mate Slidekick,
what have you been playing this week?
What's a week of gaming look like to you?
It's pretty much been all Animal Crossing.
It's funny because I picked it up actually at the Nintendo experience
because they had a display sitting out, so I was like,
oh, I probably should get it.
And for the first couple of days I only played a little bit,
but lately I've just been playing for hours at a time,
and I'm like, oh, I've got to sleep now.
I also played the shit out of Animal Crossing.
That one night we were doing the Google Hangout with everybody.
Good times.
Yeah, so I just built the upstairs to my house.
I've been going to the island a lot, catching bugs.
Oh, I got Reggie's house in my spot pass in the Happy Home model homes gallery,
so I've been buying a lot of stuff out of Reggie's house.
And when you look in his little profile card it says,
my body is ready, so yeah.
You know it was an intern that did it, people.
It's not Reggie's actual house.
An intern did it for him.
I did notice in some of the screenshots or whatever they were showing of the game
that they have a lot of cool niche Japanese arcade stuff you can get.
I don't know if they have a Japanese arcade set,
but they have a candy cab, claw machine,
and some actual table cabinets and stuff like that.
They look pretty sweet.
Not sweet enough for me to buy a 3DS for the game, but sweet enough.
I have a claw machine in my Animal Crossing house.
It's awesome.
Do you know what I loved in your town was the animal that had the chocolate fondue fountain.
That's what I wanted.
Who doesn't want a chocolate fondue fountain?
Let's be real.
And some macaroons.
Come on.
You know what?
The first thing that I bought wasn't making a down payment on my house.
I bought a phone booth.
Is that the thing that looks like a TARDIS but red?
It's the current British style phone booth.
One of those was for sale in my town the night of the Google Hangout.
Spike was like, open your gates right now.
I'm coming to town.
That just started this whole wave of Animal Crossing fuckery.
Except then he didn't take my virtual boy that I was saving for him.
He's a virtual boy fanatic.
I'll have to get it to him.
Now you're no longer friends.
What?
If they put in virtual boy games it would totally work with the lenticular.
Oh, like a 3DS virtual console thing?
Yeah.
I don't even know about virtual boy emulation if that's actually a thing.
I thought there were early rumors it was going to happen.
They just need to make Animal Crossing like the Nintendo version of PlayStation Home.
Done.
Well, rumors are it's going to go free to play at some point.
System seller right there.
Makes sense.
Anything else?
Slidekick?
No.
Actually just Animal Crossing this week.
I've been meaning to get around to some other stuff.
But I'm actually in the process of moving.
I've been trying to pack up my console games.
My 3DS is right here.
That's why I've been focusing on 3DS for the most part.
Not to give out your home address for all the stalkers.
But you're moving to Daly City, right?
Yes.
Which is just Alan's old digs.
Yeah, just Alan's old digs and just a quick bar right away from the city.
Yes.
Alright.
Good thing you missed this weekend because I hear it was crazy.
Oh yeah, with all the festivities.
Yes.
Lots of extra festivities.
Lots of stuff in the news to be festive about.
But we are going to move into gaming news.
But first I want to go over some housekeeping.
Of course I always like to plug our Twitter.
Twitter.com slash O-L-R.
And Facebook.
Facebook.com slash Orange Lounge Radio.
And I was going to plug this during housekeeping.
We already mentioned it at the top of the show.
But I'll plug it again.
GamerX.
Catch me.
I'll be there live August 4th.
Saturday.
Question mark.
I think the third is the Saturday.
Yeah.
It's.
Oh yeah.
I keep thinking.
Friday's not an official day.
Friday's the VIP day.
Okay.
It's the third and it's at seven o'clock in one of the panel rooms.
It's podcast.
I thought it was six o'clock.
God, I'm so unprepared tonight.
Look.
You get there and you just look for podcast cross zone.
And you're going to go to it because it has the word podcast in it.
And that's where you're going to see me and Slidekick and all the kids from Koopa Club
and Spike and Game Bar.
And it's going to be fun.
Come up and say hello.
It will be great times.
And earlier today before the show, I was talking about cosplay because I think there is a costume
I can pull off.
That's that's tasteful.
You're going to pull off your costume?
No.
This is tasteful Slidekick.
He's going to do the gladiator armor from Final Fantasy 14.
Oh yeah.
Yes.
I'm going to wear the what is the sublegar?
The panties.
The leather mantis.
No.
You'd probably be very popular if you wore that.
Yeah.
No.
No.
They'll be like, OK, that guy does not have the body to wear something like that.
So.
All right.
So I will wear something that will keep me covered.
Thank you.
I just turned 35, you know, so I don't need to be showing on my wrinkles.
Such a press.
I know.
All right.
Anyhow, let's for real get into some of the gaming news this week.
This is the gaming news that may not be on your radar or it's pinging huge on your radar.
One or the other.
Right.
It's like.
Yeah.
All right.
Start us off.
All right.
So Index Corporation, the I think a pretty recent parent company of Atlas, they are having
some problems.
They are basically filing for civil rehabilitation and maybe selling off assets.
I'm assuming.
Basically saying that, you know, the index media or index digital media, Inc. and Atlas
brand are unaffected by the proceedings of, I guess, in Japan.
They are going to be carrying on their day to day activities.
Business as usual.
Shimagami Tensei 4 and Dragon's Crown are still scheduled for release in summer.
And they also have some other titles that they're publishing, including the movie tie
in for R.I.P.D. and I guess Daylight.
Oh, yeah.
Daylight.
I don't even remember what Daylight is.
Daylight is the like survival horror.
You're thrown in a haunted house, I think, with only a flashlight and the PlayStation
I record your scares so that like your friends can laugh at you.
That's kind of funny.
So, yeah.
So I don't know.
Maybe they're not in too much trouble.
It's hard to say with Atlas because Atlas, they kind of deal with a lot of niche properties.
So for, you know, money seems to be very tight.
Very small production runs.
Very small everything.
Budget.
So it's hard to say.
Yeah, I've seen a lot of people worried about them.
But I mean, Atlas is well loved enough that they'll find a home.
A lot of people think that Sony or Nintendo would snap them up.
But I would be wouldn't be surprised if like Gung Ho or somebody would snap them up.
Marvelous.
And a lot of people are afraid that EA might snap them up.
I would think it would be like more like a Marvelous or what else?
Access? I don't think it's too big to do that.
But I mean, those are kind of the three niche comp- or three companies that bring over
localized Japanese product nowadays.
I guess maybe there's the other one, too, that's a spinoff of-
What the fuck was it called?
There was another spinoff company, too, that does some localization.
Didn't XSeed just acquire somebody?
Yeah, XSeed's Marvelous USA now.
Oh, that's right. Yeah, yeah, yeah.
They should snap up Atlas, too. That would be great.
Well, I don't think they're big enough.
I mean, XSeed's, I think, quite small compared to Atlas.
Atlas was kind of growing quite a bit.
I thought they were going to be branching out more into like Western development stuff as well.
Because they tried with Game of Thrones and they have a few Sherlock Holmes games and stuff.
But nothing's really taken off.
It's too bad because Game of Thrones could have been good.
Except it was a really bad game.
That PlayStation 3 game you're talking about, the horror game, sounds really good.
Sounds interesting.
Better than what they have?
Sony I thought had a PlayStation Move game.
Although I don't know if it's Move anymore.
What was it? That one, it was supposed to be like a teen horror genre type game.
I don't really know how that was going to work.
It's like a...
I don't even remember the title of it now.
Because it was that memorable.
Shadow neck Shannon in our chat at live.vognetwork.com says,
What if Microsoft bought Atlas?
They would have a lot of Japanese content on their platform then.
Well, that won't do them any good since they're not putting out the Xbox One in Japan at launch.
It would be an interesting, strategical move, but I think for Microsoft also a risky one.
You know what I mean?
Yeah.
I've heard a couple people say that could be a thing, but I don't think Microsoft really would do it.
I think a lot of Nintendo fanboys would just eat it up if Nintendo would do it though.
That only exists in fanboy imagination, I think.
But you never know.
Alright, well let's move on to another story.
And this is about Saints Row 4.
Oh, Loki's looking forward to this one.
Well, it's a good thing Loki doesn't live in Australia, or he might be waiting a little bit longer.
Oh, please. Like, Australia stopped me from getting this.
Yeah, right. And I'm sure there's a lot of people in Australia that are saying the same thing.
However, Saints Row 4 is now the first game to be refused classification in the country since Australia released their R18 Plus rating at the start of the year.
Which doesn't make any sense to me.
Yeah, I thought the whole reason the rating system was out was because when games wouldn't be classified before, they wouldn't be sold.
Like, I remember Mortal Kombat was in that category.
Yeah, because it was like an R up to 18 or something, or 17 or something.
Well, anyhow, Deep Silver is working on basically a fix for Saints Row 4, but just for that region.
They say they're going to remove the content that could cause offense without reducing the outlandish gameplay the Saints Row fans know and love.
I don't know how they're going to do that, but good luck.
There's going to be a mod immediately after it comes out that'll put it all right back.
Especially on PC.
How cute that Australia thinks it could regulate some of that, because on the internet this stuff will just come over instantly.
I just don't understand.
It just encourages piracy, too.
But did you hear the reason why it got...
I didn't hear the specific reason why, no. What was it?
They have an anal probe.
Oh.
Oh, no.
No.
See, I was wondering where they would take the dildo vat next.
No, no, no.
Yeah, they have an anal...
Does it have a big satellite?
It basically looks like a giant dildo with a sword hilt or something on it, and you can shove it up the ass of your enemies.
I'm like, this makes me want to buy the game even more.
I can't wait.
I got to find...
Yeah, you just finished talking there.
I'm going to find the exact description was hilarious.
Didn't an episode of South Park have the anal probe, though?
Wasn't that the first episode? Cartman gets an anal probe?
I think it was.
The moment he said anal probe, the whole,
I like to sing about the moon and the truth,
popped into my head in that episode.
Also, I guess games are getting hit left and right in Australia now.
State of Decay is another game that's been refused classification in Australia.
This was just not even that long after Word of Saints Row 4 happened.
Microsoft is evaluating the options with regards to the title's classification.
The Australian classification system plays an important role in ensuring that Australians can only access age-appropriate games and content.
That was one day after Saints Row 4.
Wow.
I kind of thought that this was supposed to stop all that censorship stuff, but I guess not.
Alright, let's see here.
Here we go.
This is the report, or from the report that they filed.
It says, the game includes a weapon referred to the applicant as an alien anal probe.
The applicant states that this weapon can be shoved into enemies' backsides.
The lower half of the weapon resembles a sword hilt.
The upper part contains prong-like appendages which circle around what appears to be a large dildo which runs down the center of the weapon.
When using this weapon, the player approaches a clothed victim from behind and thrusts the weapon between their legs
and then lifts them off the ground before pulling the trigger which launches the victim into the air.
Sold!
That's not a probe, that's more like a bottle rocket.
You're such a teenager.
That's an ass launcher.
An ass launcher?
Ass launcher.
Ass master!
Apparently after the probe has been inserted into the victim's anus, the area around their buttocks becomes pixelated,
highlighting that the aim of the weapon is to penetrate the victim's anus.
The weapon can be used during gameplay to enemy characters and civilians.
As long as they don't leave a blood trail, that would just be wrong.
Yeah, and also alien narcotics was the other reason why, I guess, smoking alien narcotics equips the players with superpowers.
Awesome.
Do they actually get superpowers or do they just think they have superpowers?
Who cares.
Alrighty then, let's move on with something else.
I don't want to be on this planet anymore.
Okay, well, a lot of people are not happy with Microsoft.
And among the people who are unhappy with Microsoft is the creator of Fez, Phil Fish.
Try saying Fez and Phil Fish together three times fast.
Fez, Phil Fish, Phil Fish, Phil Fish.
See?
Cubos.
But basically he's saying that Microsoft was doing nothing to help sell his game on Xbox Live Arcade.
He complained about it on Twitter.
He said Microsoft was our publisher on Xbox 360 and they did nothing.
No promotion, no festivals, not a single mention.
In a newsletter or conference, they put us up on their shitty dashboard and somehow fucked that up too.
They put us up on the game marketplace with no cover image.
The file was missing for a week.
So basically, there's also, he's also saying that Microsoft is charging developers $10,000 for patches and updates.
And there's a lot of crap going on between, with misinformation going from Microsoft,
not telling them about corruption within the file system or anything like that.
So basically, they're like, oh, we don't really care, indie developer.
We just want you to put your game up there.
We don't, we're not going to promote it.
Just put it there.
We're not going to put anybody behind you.
ActDeft in chat says, Phil Fish, I hate the guy, but he's right in this one.
Yeah.
I mean, yeah, because Microsoft doesn't let people self-publish to the indie.
I mean, they have XNA for self-publishing, although they're not going to be supporting that anymore.
And this is part of why people are mad because you can publish under Microsoft, but then, you know, there's all these other complaints.
Yeah, and Microsoft was charging $10,000 for them to put in a fix in corrupted files.
Yeah, Fez really got screwed by all that business.
And on top of that, Microsoft did confirm that they automatically charged developers for resubmissions of games was scrapped in April, is what they're saying.
But they never told any of the developers about that.
They said that the new policy was retroactive, but they never said anything.
Well, didn't you have more information on that, Loki?
Nope, I had exactly that information.
And of course, on top of that, you know, Phil Fish is still pissed off about the whole thing.
See, this is kind of funny, I think, because he was complaining that, oh, well, you know, I don't know if he had a patch or something.
First he put out a patch for the game, and it fucked up the game even more than the patch, you know, without the patch.
And so then they pulled the patch, I guess, and he couldn't resubmit the patch or something.
But now that it's free, why isn't he resubmitting the patch?
Perhaps by this point it's just done with the fuckery.
But if he had it done already, if he had that fixed patch done already, I'm assuming he still has the data, why can't he just resubmit it instead of being a complete douche?
I know, because he wants to sell Feds 2, which will be coming out to platforms other than Xbox One.
Unless it's seriously trying to distance himself from Microsoft, which I can see that, trying just to remove any association between your product and Microsoft.
I mean, especially, I mean, keep in mind the bottom line of development is money.
If he's trying to market a next game, it's a smart move to separate it from where it's already been screwed over.
Well, ShadowNextGen in our chat says, Sony was charging for updates too, I believe. It wasn't Microsoft.
I don't think they were charging that much.
I want to say I remember hearing something like that too, because I remember it was a big deal when Wii U first came out,
is that's why indies were embracing it, is because Nintendo wasn't charging.
And that was like a huge selling point.
I'm pretty sure, I mean, Sony has to have gotten rid of that since though.
They might have just done it a lot quieter than Microsoft did, because look at all those indies they lured to their E3 press conference.
To register participation for this week's episode of Orange Lounge Radio at vognetwork.com, use the passphrase, Earth.
Alright, well speaking of Microsoft, a very interesting patent revealed out of Microsoft.
It was a patent filed back in December of 2011.
This would have been around the time Halo Combat Evolved Anniversary or the Halo remake came out.
It was a patent for a video game that would, quote, have a plurality of game engines running concurrently.
And you might remember, the Halo Anniversary game lets you go between updated visuals and original Xbox back and forth.
Apparently, this is what the patent was out there for, is that it was for remakes of games where you could have original graphics and,
I thought this was interesting, leveraging player emotions tied to the original experience.
However, this may be lost as modern graphics may cause the gamers to lose that feeling of nostalgia.
So it was because of an emotional connection, which I guess I could see that.
I mean like, when I download some of the, there was a whole bunch of these games on Xbox Live Arcade when that first came out, like all the Konami remakes.
And you could play like Gyruss, you could play it with the original graphics or the HD graphics.
You have to play with the original graphics. I can't play with the new graphics because they're not that good and it's hard to see the bullets sometimes.
Well that's a different thing, that's not that you're nostalgic for the old graphics, it's just that you're really lame.
Maybe a little bit.
So, I don't know, sounds like you're smoking some alien narcotics here because I don't see the point.
Weren't we having that discussion though about voice acting today?
Oh, a little bit, yeah.
With Metal Gear, how they updated the voice acting, I mean it was all the same people, but they didn't put the same cheesiness into it, I guess.
I wonder if it's sort of along the same lines.
Well a lot of that happened with the Silent Hill HD remakes too, is that people are extremely partial to the original Silent Hill, but because of contracts and things like that, they couldn't reuse that dialogue in the HD remake, so they redid it.
The original Silent Hill 3 was a lot better.
Slidekick, are you emotionally tied to retro games?
You know what this actually made me think of is when they put out the Star Wars DVDs that had the original video.
I think it might have been like a laser disc transfer or something because that's all they had that wasn't destroyed at that point.
Which one?
The original Star Wars trilogy, they put out a DVD set that was like two discs.
Which I have that set.
Yeah, me too.
That were the theatrical releases.
Yes.
And those I think were redone off of film prints.
Oh, film prints, okay.
So like hand shot first on the laser disc?
I have a version of it. I have the THX remasters on laser disc, or yes indeed he shot first.
We call them the non fucked up remasters because they actually had the whole THX sound, they did all the cleanup, they had the extra, you know where you see the X's flying in the air instead of X wings flying in the air?
They had all of the corrections made but they didn't do any of the changes.
And I got it for 11 bucks.
That's a good point though that people are definitely tied to that emotionally because you bring up the new Star Wars with anybody.
Is there anybody out there, anybody that prefers Lucas's changes in the original trilogy? Anybody?
People with brain damage. I mean, I'm sorry.
Don't offend.
You know what?
Diversity, Dark Sakura.
You know what?
What?
Still wrong.
I don't think people are that nostalgic for Xbox One graphics to be honest.
They're redoing the game with, you know, I think it was like Halo 3 or Halo Reach's engine, which is not bad and definitely the graphics look way better.
I don't see the point of having to tax the system that much by running two copies of the game at the same time.
I think it's a little ridiculous because you either sell a copy of the game.
I mean, I wonder if they have the actual data of how many people actually play that game with the new graphics versus old graphics.
And then also a subset of that, how many people play the game with the new graphics and old graphics and use the Kinect to...
Old graphics, new graphics, old graphics, new graphics.
The same people that sit there and yell grenade to throw a grenade.
Grenade, grenade, grenade, grenade, grenade, grenade, grenade, grenade, grenade, grenade, grenade, grenade, grenade.
And you know, HD remasters seem to be pretty popular, so I mean, I don't know why.
But some of them are so good. Like, I am so there for the Kingdom Hearts and Final Fantasy X.
Oh, that looks gorgeous.
I'm just, I'm running up to the feeder bar. Gimme pellet, gimme pellet. Like, you know, some of that, you know, I'm a sucker for some of it.
You know who I wouldn't want to go up against, you know, using the Kinect and the Halo thing?
The guy that used to do the Micro Machines commercials because, my God, he would fucking own online.
I think he should be relieved that he's dead.
It doesn't matter.
And John Machida.
There's always, there's always a master and an apprentice, okay?
There's somebody out there that's, you know, gonna follow up.
For the record.
But if we don't have the proof that he's dead and he's not six feet under, then it's not the real thing.
For the record, he was also Blur in the Transformers movie, just saying.
Did any of you play Mega Man Powered Up for PSP?
It was the remake of Mega Man 1.
Yes.
It wasn't bad, but they replaced the original Mega Man 1 music, which, you know, one has good music, but I mean, it's not two or three.
The GameCube one, too, I think.
Oh, really?
I don't think it had the redunk, I can't remember.
It just had this cutesy music that I was like, no, no, no.
Yeah, it had, like, the new music in it, yeah.
It was just too cutesy, so I can understand the nostalgia thing at times, but, you know.
Alright.
Alright, let's move on with some more news.
Dark Soccer's got something for us, then we're gonna get to release dates.
I was trying to find out when John Machida died.
Oh, well.
Stories.
It was a while ago.
It was a while.
I hate to say it, it was a while ago.
I think it was sometime while I was still in high school, maybe?
I don't know.
Anyway, there is some good news for people who were gonna put some stock into the Xbox
One.
They've actually improved the memory performance for the console.
Basically, they, let me see if I can't find exactly the amount.
They've actually have now a 32 megabyte of embedded static RAM that's going to make up
the difference in processing speed between what was previously announced for the Xbox
One and the PlayStation 4.
But, meh, I don't know if it's still gonna be as good.
They're saying that right now, that 192 gigabytes a second is theoretically possible.
I know, what do you think?
32 megabytes of RAM?
Man, that console must be worth thousands of dollars, said somebody in the 90s.
Well, they're saying it's this embedded static RAM, which I think just means it's a new chip.
It just kinda sucks because launch games always are not gonna look as good as games later
in the console's lifespan.
Especially now that they're like, oh, right away we're shipping with more memory.
The games that are prepared for launch probably won't be able to take advantage of that, and
that kinda sucks.
Well, they were saying right now that their original calculations, just as a base calculation,
came up to 128 bytes per block multiplied by 800 megahertz, and that now that they've
been able to reasonably get in their simulations 133 gigabytes a second.
Alright, and I want no excuses if the Xbox One versions are inferior to the PlayStation
4 versions.
That's what I'm just saying.
Now that you're not gonna get your games online, we got more speed.
Hold on a second there.
You said you added 32 megs of RAM.
This should be night and day difference, right?
On my 486.
I honestly think this is a bunch of just, it's a bullet point to report on and no one
knows what the hell it means.
Why, if they're just gonna add this RAM, why can't the developers just go back and turn
up the graphics on level 3?
Don't they just take a big dial and turn up the graphics?
I guess they could.
What they're basically saying this means is that for some of the games that they showed
in E3 that kind of stuttered along, that it should improve performance dramatically.
I mean, I'm not sure what this 32 megabyte thing is gonna do.
I mean, it has to be something involved with another calculation, like maybe a buffer or
something, I don't know.
It's to save more pictures of you masturbating.
Wow.
On its Kinect.
It's the fat box one.
The 32 megabytes is basically just to put it in its actual, you know, so it runs off
an actual console.
Yeah.
Tigerclaw in chat says, yeah, he's right.
The first crop of games won't take full advantage of the hardware until, whoa, what the hell,
until, don't paste five lines at once when I'm trying to read.
Tigerclaw says, the first crop of games won't take full advantage of the hardware until
a year or so later when the developers finally figured out how to push the hardware to its
limits.
But that happens with every console.
What was that?
RAM or not?
What was that Rome game?
Rise.
Rise.
Rise from your wave.
Uh, they were saying that like it looks choppy right now and that like, you know, this might
smooth out some frame rates or something, but we'll see.
Wow.
A fifth dream in that big post he put says the Micro Machines guy is not dead.
Yes.
But seriously though, if he was in this, I swore he was dead too.
Well, I mean, I didn't like swear like, God, I hope he's dead.
He'd be dead within the first 15 seconds of that, you know, uh, Eddie Murphy movie 1000
kids.
So maybe, maybe I'm looking at the Wikipedia article and sure enough, Wiki says he ain't
dead.
Huh?
Well, that's good.
Then maybe I'm thinking of somebody else.
No, it was, it was, what's his name?
Um, Chris Lotta.
Hmm.
I was thinking of, well, he just needs to come back and do something.
Anything.
I don't care.
I need him talking in something.
Trailer TV movie.
It doesn't matter.
Yeah.
I was thinking of Chris Lotta.
At least that urban legend, I can understand someone falling for that cause I, I could
swear, I could swear like I've heard that that guy's dead too.
It's not like you came on here and said like the kid from the wonder years is Marilyn Manson.
Like people believe that.
Yeah.
It was Chris Lotta that died in 1994 and he was the voice of a Starscream and Cobra commander.
Oh, okay.
So I have the stupid transformers analogy in my head.
All right, look, uh, we're getting way off track.
So why don't we talk about some release dates, some video games that we could play this week
and get our mind off of dead celebrities.
There is not a much coming out this week.
It's basically just one 3DS game and it's Crash City Mayhem.
The only reason I think it's kind of cool for the 3DS is it's based off a really old
series called Runabout, which is on the Sega Dreamcast and PlayStation one or, you know,
if you played it over here in the United States, it was Felony 179, a racing game where the
whole point of the game was a crash in the shit and it was awesome and super glitchy.
I remember one time I took a full size bus, a tour bus, and I tried to go through the
train tunnel.
I don't even know how I got it in the train tunnel and I tried to turn around like, you
know, you do an awesome, the Austin Powers movie and it got stuck in there in such a
way that it started spinning like a helicopter until it got enough speed where it shot straight
up through the roof.
Hilarious.
Good times.
Yeah, that's it.
That's all that's coming out this week.
All right, well let's go over to Japan.
On July 4th in Japan on the PlayStation three, Loki's really excited.
Earth Defense Forces four is out.
I'm may have to import that.
It'll cost you $71 and 49.
I may have to import that.
Wow.
Alrighty.
Uh, you could also import for much cheaper, a smart headset three, which is also released
on the PlayStation three.
Who cares?
Right?
How about on the Xbox three 60 also earth defense forces four.
There's also a limited edition with gold membership for 86 99 I'm assuming that's like
Xbox live Japan cause you know who's paying for Xbox live over there.
Very few people.
I'm sure.
Um, nothing of note on the Vita this week.
I'm just looking at my other releases and nothing really on Wii U either.
Did you know they don't have new super Luigi until July 13th.
Oh, I bet that's the retail release though.
They probably have the download version, just not the retail release.
Well how about on the Nintendo three as three DS?
There's a couple of games there.
Uh, Toriko gourmet battle comes out as well as mommy Goma, happy sweets farm.
That sounds nice.
I want to see what, God, I hope it's not another game starring scantily clad characters.
Oh, it's the little seal cute thing.
Yes.
This stars a little seal cute thing and plushies of the little seal.
Oh God, these things are adorable.
It looks like they just kind of wither on the ground and they run a farm.
It's Farmville and they also make sushi rolls.
It's Farmville.
Rob, that's a sweet roll.
That's a sweet roll.
That's a Swiss cake.
Oh, it's a little Debbie roll with the strawberry.
It's called a Swiss cake.
Like I said, a little Debbie.
It's a strawberry shortcake.
I want them to localize that.
I want a fucking strawberry shortcake.
Damn.
You know, we have strawberry cheesecake ice cream at my house.
That would involve going to my house after the show.
That would involve no cause that would involve going outside.
I'm sorry to say.
That's it for Japanese releases.
Star Sakura.
How about the UK?
Stuff.
Stuff and things are coming out.
What we have on July 3rd is we have Limbo for iPad and iPhone.
Oh my God.
I need that on my phone.
Not really.
Mortal Kombat Complete Collection.
Sorry, Complete Edition.
They should have called it Complete Collection, but no, I see why because then they would
have been racist.
Yeah.
But that's on PC.
Well, you know what I mean.
Too many, too many.
Then we have a scourge outbreak on Xbox 360 and on July 4th we have Trackmania 2 Valley
and on the 5th we have Dark.
Sakura?
No.
Just Dark.
Sakura.
It's a vampire stealth action game.
I don't know why, but that made me think of Craig Ferguson.
Being published by Atlas because they publish Calypso games now.
Okay.
It made me think of Craig Ferguson talking about damp being a color.
Just a couple more news stories for you guys and then the classic game of the week, Loki.
Or don't.
So there's some cool stuff being added to Steam.
First off, the source software development kit now is including native support for the
Oculus Rift.
So if you have the dev kit, you got more games to play it on or at least hopefully soon.
So they're really embracing that and that's going to be kind of cool.
And then finally, the Steam trading cards, it's out of beta.
Now it's available to everybody.
So far it supports 30 games including Team Fortress 2, Faster Than Light, Grid 2, Monaco
Trying 2, Super Meat Boy, Counter Strike Global Offensive, Portal, Half Life, Don't
Starve and Borderlands 2.
Okay, so at the risk of sounding like a complete moron, can someone explain to me how the trading
card thing works because it's not based on achievements.
It's based on time playing the game.
So I think it might be on achievements, I think it's just based on time playing the
game.
You get so many.
I noticed I have a Steam level now too.
So you get XP and I think some of that's from the trading cards, right?
But I got a lot from participating in old sales and things like that.
Which by the way, July 4th is next week.
You know what that means.
Barbecue at my house.
Well, that and...
Hide your wallets.
Hide your wallets.
Hide your wife.
Hide your kids.
Because Steam sales is gonna happen.
I ain't got cash for that shit.
And they're slashing all the prices on up here.
See, here's the thing though.
I've already bought so much stuff.
I don't really know if there's much more I need.
All I need is that Civ 5 expansion.
That's all I need.
Everything else...
No, Rob.
You want it.
You need air.
No.
I fucking need it.
The new expansion?
Which expansion?
Will you die without it?
Yeah, you need me to get it because otherwise you will not want to be on this program with
Oh, we'll have Grumpy Dick Rob.
Are you talking about the new expansion coming out in July or the one that's...
The one that's like a couple weeks.
You know July is tomorrow, right?
I understand that, but you're talking about the one that's coming out in Brave New World.
It's not gonna be on the Steam sale, but it's something on Steam I need to get.
Yeah, Brave New World.
I don't remember if that's next week or if that's gonna be the week after next.
I think it's the 8th.
I think they're releasing it just in time for my boyfriend's birthday.
I think there's like all of two games on Steam right now I'm interested in.
One of them is that what Miami...
God, I can't ever...
Hotline Miami.
Hotline Miami.
Because I want to go around shooting people in bloody messes with weird synth music.
Should have gotten in on that with the Humble Bundle man.
I know.
Good prices there.
But I have bills.
Oh, bills.
All right.
Let's see.
I just had to do something like go to Alabama.
All right.
One more story for you guys here.
And this is a follow up to something we had talked about before.
Apparently Nintendo may have been easing up a bit on the whole Let's Play video thing.
Remember that they were really unpopular for a week there because they didn't shut down
Let's Play videos, but they're like, we're gonna take the money and use it for us if
you have a Let's Play video that features our newer games.
Well, a popular YouTuber who goes by Zach Scott at Zach Scott Games on YouTube apparently
was in an interview with a gaming website where he has returned to making Let's Play
videos because he heard that high profile Nintendo games were apparently no longer being
pulled by Nintendo.
Thank you.
Will you launch?
You think that's part of it?
No, no, no.
Since you mentioned analytics and stuff like that and getting paid on stuff, I just happened
to check my...
Well, here's the timing on this.
It's part of the revenue reports because on May 14th, his ad earnings ceased, but then
they started again on May 23rd.
So he made a leap of faith since he saw the revenue return and no other claims have been
made on his videos since.
So Nintendo may have given up as fast as they implemented it.
I mean, that's what, two weeks, if even?
You know, when we talked about this on Game Buoy, this kind of was an unpopular opinion
actually, but I just didn't really understand people actually making a living off of Let's
Plays.
It happens.
If it works for you, I guess more power to you, but you know.
Well, as I mentioned before, because I started monetizing some of my YouTube videos, just
honestly, I wasn't making anything off of them until now, but I only have one video
that has just about 8,000, 9,000 views on it and 36 bucks right there from just that.
So if you make a lot of videos and you're consistent about it and a lot of those Let's
Play videos get a lot more than just 8,000 views.
So you can make quite a bit of money, you know, and you probably in the wrong fucking
business.
This is the last episode.
Oh, LR, everybody was wonderful these last 11 years, but we're moving to YouTube next
week in our little five minute chunk segments, which will just be Loki and I arguing in dark
soccer crying.
Well, no, no, no, Dan and I were actually talking about doing this with our turbo graphics
games.
So it'd be fun.
So yeah, there's money that you made.
I mean, I'm not looking to make a living off of, you know, putting YouTube videos out
there, but 36, $36 I didn't have before 36 bucks to buy another.
That's half.
That's about halfway to the Earth Defense Force for.
There you go.
Absolutely.
Wow.
Well, you know, and I'm, I'm kind of actually slight kick.
I know you said that it was an unpopular opinion, but I, I think we talked about this on the
show originally.
I actually kind of voiced a very similar thing where I'm like, really, you, you can make
a living off this.
I mean, it's not, I mean, no shade to those that do very well with let's play videos.
I have a respect it.
It takes work to do this podcast.
It takes a lot of work to do is let's play videos, but you have to admit you do owe some
of the success to the game that you are featuring.
You know what I mean?
Yeah.
So if they want to come in and get a cut, but I think Nintendo just kind of did a Dick
move by cutting it all off.
You know what I mean?
Like there should have been some type of sharing, you know, the let's play content gets something,
Nintendo gets a little something, something too, or, you know, they get their own commercials
in there, you know, things like that, you know, but yeah, they, they need to take a
smaller cut, you know, like circumcision, not Lorena Bobbitt.
That is a great analogy.
Dude.
Oh, thanks.
I don't want your hands.
Don't fist bump him for that.
You know, I did.
I just, I didn't high five him because I don't, I hope you get the blister thing.
It's not here, Rob.
You can't get it from touching my hands.
Clearly you're not afraid of germs.
She starts handling my feces.
I can't make any promises.
Do you have a diaper fetish?
Loki?
No, I do not.
Oh, that's good.
That's good.
I thought that was just your dinner.
That smelled.
For the record, if you would pay attention, the more you expose yourself to germs, the
stronger your immune system gets.
It's very good chance.
If you were a kid that like went to preschool or something like that, you probably already
have had this and you probably, you won't catch it again.
So yeah, when you, there's like, for the most part, when kids have this, they don't even
develop the blisters.
They'll run a fever and have a sore throat.
Yeah.
Um, shadow next gen says, YouTube also has a policy where you can't monetize videos for
content you don't own.
So this whole thing is a bit confusing to me as to how it was allowed to happen in the
first place.
That's a comment from live.vognetwork.com and clerical error 404 follows this up with,
it's been about 15 years since I heard a Lorena Bobbitt reference.
You're welcome.
Keeping it, keeping it classy and old school here at OLR.
That's way too long.
Well, here's the thing.
I think that the whole YouTube policy originally was just to prevent people from, okay, some
dude makes a video and then I copy said video, put it up on my channel and monetize it.
Here's me humming along to, uh, this new movie that's out in theaters.
Um, uh, man of steel, uh, in me and it's my, my little, you know, that would be very bad.
I think, but anyway, I paid good money for this hue card and I own all the data on it.
I paid an entire $5 from the garage sale for this hue card.
I own it.
All right.
Dark soccer is clearly stepping into a time portal over there.
So you know what that means?
It's time for the classic game of the week.
Every week, dark soccer goes into the gaming vault and finds a game that she thinks, Hey,
you kids and your YouTubing and making careers off of Mario, you, you know what you need
to go back to my day.
We used to pay $400 for a fricking Neo Geo game and we liked it.
And really weird games were really cool.
Yeah.
Well really weird games are kind of still cool.
Let's be real.
All right.
But this one was weird.
This one was weird and it's not Neo Geo.
It's a little newer than that.
Dark soccer.
What is the classic game of the week?
The classic game of the week is Mr. Mosquito.
It's weird.
I figured to go for a PS2 era, you know, finally moving up a little bit.
Mr. Mosquito was, it's Rina's room again.
Oops.
You need to skip up slides.
Go ahead.
Oh, okay.
Mr. Mosquito, which was actually spelled M-O-S-K-E-E-T-O in the PAL regions.
It also is known as KA in Japan, which just means mosquito, was put out by, well developed
by Zoom Inc for the PS2.
And it was released in Japan on June 21st, 2001 and the following March in everywhere
else.
And it was distributed by Eidos.
Basically, you play as a mosquito who has taken a residence in the Yamada family's house.
And it's, I wonder if they were voiced by the Japanese voice actors because the accents
are really thick.
I mean, they're legit accents too.
So anyway, you have to stock up on enough blood in the summer so that you will survive
through the winter ahead, which is funny because like don't mosquitoes only live for
like a week.
Anyway, so you have, you can collect these spheres to save extra blood and you have to
suck the blood from them while they're going about their everyday business, but you can
only get it from certain body parts at certain times.
Like this scene here with the girl on her bed, you can only suck it from like her upper
thigh.
He's getting a little close to the no-no spot.
So this is a little bit of a scandalous game.
He's actually close to the femoral artery.
Anyway, if he is swatted while sucking, then instant death occurs.
Basically, you have a stress meter, so you have to balance your suck with your stress.
Don't we all?
And then to calm them, basically they will try to battle you too, like a big boss battle,
like what we're watching right now in this video, where you have stress points that you
have to, I guess, sting them on or bite them on that are meant to calm them.
So it's like you're doing acupressure on them.
You're doing mosquito shiatsu.
There you go.
You can get smacked all over the room and it's really hilarious.
So you have different stages.
You can go through different parts of the house and you have different items, different
things to help you.
The fun thing about this game too is that your ending depends on how much sucking you did,
like how successful you were, because for the Yamada family, they're going to have their
family portrait taken at the end of the summer.
And it's like if you completed all the missions and everything, they're all puffed up and
swollen all over their faces and the picture is horrible.
And it's really funny.
The voice acting is actually super hilarious too.
As for the game, it was voted one of the top 10 weirdest games of all time in 2008 by Game
Informer and G4 put it on its list of weird games.
It was really weird, but Famitsu said it was the fifth best selling video game in Japan
during its release.
It sold 41,006 copies and it also got a release on PlayStation 2 the best.
And it led to a sequel in Japan on July 3rd, 2003 called KA 2 Let's Go Hawaii.
And that came out only, of course, like I said, in Japan and it's the Yamada family
again and they're going on vacation, has like new stuff going on.
I kind of want the sequel just because it like has extra stuff going on and you can
suck anywhere on them.
And a different relaxation system, so I think it would be fun.
But this game was just wrong and like you could do other stuff too.
Like you could distract the people in the room by like turning off the light switch
or changing the music or doing all this other stuff.
It's just bizarre, but it works.
It's a very strange game, but it's awesome.
Like it's you just you have to see it.
And like this week I wanted to pick games that were along the same vein of Incredible
Crisis because that game was fucked up.
And this game, I'd have to put it's fucked up in this level somewhere near Incredible
Crisis.
So.
All right.
KA.
There it is.
Your classic game of the week.
Mr. Mosquito on the PlayStation 2.
KA.
All right.
Very good pick tonight.
A little bit edumacational.
I know.
All right.
Don't go anywhere, guys.
We've got plenty more OLR to come tonight with more Slidekick.
The Frugal Question of the Week coming at you.
We're going to talk a little bit about Ouya and the Frugal Question of the Week as well
as some news.
And also we'll talk about the upcoming Moli Jam.
That's always hilarious.
So we're going to talk about that.
All that and more including your phone calls, the FUs of the Week, Twitter topics and all
that when we come back with more of Orange Lounge Radio right after this.
Hola.
This is your friendly neighborhood Mexican actor.
And you're participating with Orange Lounge Radio, the show where every gamer has a voice.
And I want to use my voice to tell you that Kirby does not suck.
Well, literally he does suck, but not fear of the people.
Anyways, play more Kirby.
Play more Kirby.
Do it now.
Well, not now.
Because you're trying to listen to OLR, but.
Poor guy, man.
I know we're here pitching.
That's like tomorrow, though.
By the way.
I did look up Phoenix.
Phoenix is at one hundred and sixteen.
On fire.
What about needles in Death Valley?
That's always the place to look at just like a hundred and twenty two.
Anyhow, that was a repeat bumper there.
That means we need more bumpers.
I mean, I'm sure Act Deft is happy to have his voice played on the show all the time,
as well as some of our other repeats we'll get into.
But Orange Lounge Radio, the place where Act Deft has a voice.
If you want to get your voice heard, go over to our forums at Vogue Network dot com, click
on forums and check out the Orange Lounge Radio forum.
The call for bumpers is there.
And it's very easy.
You can even Skype them in if you don't know it, like don't you don't have to put the music
together or anything like that.
All you got to do is give me give me your voice.
I'm like Ursula on The Little Mermaid.
That's all I want is your voice.
And Rob's going to put it to Eurobeat.
That's right.
I may put the next one to Eurobeat.
Be careful.
All right.
That would be awesome.
So before we get back into gaming news and rapid fire news, Slidekick, I realize there
was one game neither one of us brought up in our gaming weeks this week.
But before the show tonight, we played Press Your Luck.
We did.
We did.
And you sure love to rub it in how good a game show video games you are, huh?
I guess I just have a natural talent.
Do you practice Wheel of Fortune a lot as a kid?
No.
Well, I played a lot of Wheel of Fortune as a kid, but I mean.
Five thousand pass.
We've had a Wheel of Fortune winner on the show.
Yes, I know.
Yes.
I kind of think I need to actually go on Wheel of Fortune.
Our buddy Mel, who needs to come back to the show, by the way, actually won a car on Wheel
of Fortune like years.
It was during.
Wow.
His price is right.
No, it was on Wheel of Fortune.
It was on Wheel of Fortune.
Because he even put up the clip of him winning.
Yeah.
His Facebook cover photo is him solving the pumpkin pie or whatever his final thing was.
And I have been in that Camaro and it was a bitchin' Camaro.
I have a coworker that won a car on Price is Right.
Really?
Yeah.
He won the car and like a China cabinet.
Lord.
And the sucky thing they never tell you about winning prizes like that is that you have
to pay taxes.
All these game show winners.
Oh, Alan's here to lend his commentary.
Yes, Alan.
Talking about Price is Right, just remind me of something.
There's going to be an all Plinko episode in September.
What?
Yeah.
All Plinko.
August or September.
Google it.
If I'm working, I'm just going to quit and watch.
Viewing party.
Kidding.
Kidding.
I've never heard of a better reason to quit your job.
And you get Plinko and you get Plinko and you get Plinko for everyone.
I'm surprised it's taken them 35 years or something to think about Plinko.
If they want.
See, PopCap telling you if you're smart, you market that son of a bitch on that show right
there.
Right?
Pagle 2.
Plinko.
Robby, we're getting a little pressed during Press Your Luck, weren't you?
Well, I was getting very pressed during Press Your Luck.
How many whammies did you have?
I had three whammies in the first round and fucking, okay, so like I actually uploaded
to my Twitter, twitter.com slash SKIE, that's Sky, twitter.com slash Sky.
I've always liked more followers, but I actually posted a picture of this like slidekick.
I hate you so much because like it's me and I have three whammies and no money and he
has like no whammies.
He has like $7,000.
And I ended up with like over $50,000.
Were you like the unemployed man who memorized the patterns and just sat and watched it?
Yes, he was.
No, I just got lucky.
You know what happened to that guy, by the way?
He died.
No, besides that.
What?
He ended up in, he went on all the trips and everything and ended up investing the money
in like the scheme and he lost all of it.
Oh, poor guy.
If you come into money, be smart.
You know, you can have one of my two trips to Rio, Rob.
It's okay.
Shut up.
It wasn't real.
It wasn't real as the lengthy disclaimer when you boot up the game lets you know that the
prizes are not real.
It's not a contest.
If I can make money winning game show video games, I just quit my job and do that in a
let's plays.
You know what would be the best job ever?
You should be a sweeper.
You'd be one of those soccer moms that does nothing but enter sweepstakes for a living.
Oh, it's my dream.
Basically.
I'm kind of surprised.
Alan's really into couponing.
Alan, why aren't you into sweeping?
That should be your next hobby.
It says I'm not a 1950.
We can get you a string of pearls and an apron.
Okay.
That's a little bit awkward.
All right.
What were you going to say?
They're sorry.
I forgot.
Really cut you off.
I forgot.
It's for the best.
All right.
No whammies.
Stop.
Uh, dark Tetsuya says, I was just going to ask, are the patterns in the video game version
like the old game show?
No.
And they're a lot more randomized.
I highly doubt.
Slidekick had the time to memorize them.
It's if you hit X as fast as you can, you seem to never hit a whammy and slidekick figure
that out in about five seconds.
Well, one thing, one thing to is that after this guy basically broke the system, earning
all that money, um, they changed the patterns and added an extra randomizer.
So, Oh yeah.
He made them change the game show.
Yeah.
And basically they couldn't actually call him out on cheating because he did what anyone
could do.
Yeah, no, he didn't cheat.
They just told him he's not allowed to play again.
Uh, I w I, it's not my fault.
Slidekick was just pushing X as fast as he could and winning everything, but I was trying
to get all into it.
I was like, no whammies.
Don't you fucking give me a whammy because you know, I can swear in my own house.
Don't you fucking give me a whammy or I'm going to come back there and cut the power
cord.
You piece of shit.
No whammies.
Stop.
And then I did a whammy.
I'm going to take all your money.
At least it was 80s style pressure luck and not that shitty game show.
Like an uncensored game show on TV.
Not necessarily that they have to have all the TNA and stuff, but like I'm just saying,
you know, we're just like, fuck, God damn it.
You know, why did I say that?
That's like the wrong answer completely.
You know, this is motherfucking jeopardy.
And then you can also get like bonus points based on how well you're judged.
We're all the, we're all the, uh, trivia answers have to start with what the fuck, what the
fuck is, I don't care, Alex.
That makes me think of the price is right.
Where you, you're the really hard ones where you have to step on the floor to step out
the price of the car.
They always looked at their family members and they can just be like, I fucking hate
my family.
You're all fucking walking home.
Fuck you.
And like Drew Carey's all really uncomfortable.
Oh God.
All right.
Uh, moving on.
We're talking too long about game shows.
Actually.
You can never talk too long about game shows.
Okay.
Is that the pressure like game that I got you like ages ago?
The DVD game.
We'll have that.
Uh, I was going to say, I've talked about before how badly I need to go on a reality
game show and I don't think I could do survivor because if I didn't eat for 13 days, I would
be the biggest bitch.
I get voted out so fast.
If I didn't eat for one day, I'd be a bitch.
Let's be real.
I can't go on big brother.
No, you would be a big bitch if you didn't have Pinkberry near you.
I can't go on big brother anymore because I don't know if y'all are following this season,
but what a bunch of racists.
I mean, it's pretty sick in that house right now.
Paula Deen ain't got nothing on some of those people in the big brother house this season.
Uh, and then, um, so I was going to say there's a new show on ABC that's pretty fucking hilarious.
It's called who done it and it's like, it's like clue meets the mole, which by the way,
I know a lot of you judge reality TV shows and that's fine.
A lot of it needs to be judged, but the mole was the best reality game show they ever had.
I'm like, if you're going to try any reality TV, do the mole.
So somebody decided to adapt the mole into like a clue game called who done it.
But here's the great part is that at the end of the episode, whoever scored the lowest
on the quiz dies.
They become the victim in the next episode.
So the episode literally like the first episode aired, right?
And so the guy who lost and didn't get the case right and got the lowest on the quiz,
he runs out at the very end, somebody set him on fire and he falls into the pool dead
and he's all like, like it's, it's like, obviously it's all fake, it's makeup and all that stuff,
but all these people on Twitter were like, did they start killing people on TV?
What the fuck?
Ratings.
Oh my God.
Right.
But I was like, dude, he lost this game and he literally had to die in a fire.
That is amazing.
Like the dark soccer, right?
This game is the closest we're going to get to battle royale.
Happy hunger games.
They're supposed to be a hunger games game show on CW this year.
Yes, but it's not, it's not hunger games, but it's so fucking obviously a thirsty rip
off of the hunger games.
It's like, wait, let me your book.
What the hunger games?
It's on his Kindle.
This is why I hate Kindle shit.
All right.
There's a thing called the internet where it's probably there.
I like books where I can smell paper and ink.
What is the name?
And cry.
Somebody in chat has to know this show I'm talking about.
It's on the CW.
It's um, cause you know, the CW doesn't have anything except the whose line is it anyway?
Reboot starts on a couple of weeks.
Really soon.
I'll have to watch that.
And it has the lady who just Googled CW, a hunger game show.
It's called the hunt.
The hunt.
It's not the hunger games, the hunt.
It's just like it though.
I'll tell you the 10 years from now, battle royale.
The one I can't wait for on ABC is called the quest, which is supposed to be the amazing
race meets a LARP.
Oh my God.
That sounds awesome.
I would watch that one.
I was like, how do I get cast for this show?
Because I want to fuck, like I would want to fucking go on the quest.
It's like a LARP.
LARPers of the world unite.
It'd be amazing.
Anyway, it's like the producer.
I am.
I was a proud former LARPer.
It's the amazing.
Well, I did Rocky or a picture show, which is really close.
Okay.
It's, it's the amazing race producers and the Lord of the rings producers or something
like that.
It's when you go to a live action vampire game and you see the people actually rigged
up with the fake blood and everything, spraying it everywhere.
That's awesome.
I've seen the people throw the magic bags, the little bags that are supposed to be like,
I'm throwing.
I see you.
You can't see me.
Oh my God.
Oh my God.
We need to have an OL LARP.
No.
And for, for anyone who would pay money to charity, of course, a charity.
If we did an OL LARP, who would pay money?
I would.
For the record, what I did to Rob was I did the obfuscate thing, which is also stolen
by John Cena.
If you watch wrestling, wrestling reference, Bobby, ah, anyway, but he does the waving
his hand in his face and it's the, you can't see where I am type thing.
You know, Melody was just asking me how she could raise money for her team and training
thing that she's doing.
I will flarp OL LARP.
I love it.
Loki.
Are you going to do it?
Come on.
Sounds so ridiculous.
I'm so fucking excited.
All right, let's move on.
And Rob, what?
Here, here's the rule.
Okay.
Here's the rule.
We each pick a video game character and we have to cosplay.
Nope.
Nope.
Nope.
Nope.
You don't have to do tingling.
Nope.
You can do your sack boy.
You should walk around and sass sack boy.
Yeah.
Yeah.
We have to, we have to go out to Vacaville in the nut tree.
Play in the 112 degree.
No, for the, for the, for anyone who doesn't know he's on the ground, he's not moving behind
the nut tree is where the old Ren fairgrounds used to be.
That would be perfect.
You know where we used to do LARP, Rob, we used to do it in the courtyard at my college
of the university of South Alabama.
And because that's the only thing there is to do that's exciting in Alabama, it's still
going on.
Probably.
Act Def wants to know what does the F in flarp stand for?
You only know if you, if you like homestuck.
Oh God.
All right.
And of course, Raginator says, uh, Loki should LARP is tingle.
All right.
He won't.
All right.
Let's do some rapid fire news.
Cause we're 12 minutes into part B and haven't even touched rapid fire news yet.
They would slide kick.
This is all your fault.
It would be potentially cooler though than wearing that sack boy costume because that
day is like two or three layers of sweats in the summer.
Yeah.
That'll be fun.
All right.
Anyways, so Nordic games, you know, they've been acquiring and acquiring and acquiring,
you know, they bought up a bunch of the old THQ properties and now they're buying up some
of Atari's properties, including, uh, Desperados and silver.
Um, and you may remember Atari, you know, they've been selling off parts of their company.
So I wonder who's buying Marvin Mettis, seriously.
Um, and I guess they, um, I'm not sure what they're going to do with it, but you know,
make some Westerns, I guess.
I don't know, uh, silver I've not really, I'm not familiar with, but I guess that came
out, uh, was a action RPG in, uh, on the PC and Dreamcast back in 99.
So huh, interesting.
Um, Retro City Rampage, the PC version has been adding some new updates, including a
mod support, which is pretty sweet.
You can create your own vehicles and characters, fonts, color palettes, et cetera.
Uh, they have a new retro plus mode, which, uh, adds some more, um, you know, visual effects,
including soft shadows and doubling the number of colors on screen.
And um, also, I guess, uh, this is going to be coming, uh, on steam via automatic update
and then on good old games, uh, you have to log in and just redownload, I guess, grab
the 1.11 update.
Uh, so yeah, pretty cool.
And if you don't have this game already, it's most likely going to be on sale pretty soon.
I mean, it's already pretty treat, or pretty cheap, uh, 374, uh, was the recent cost of
that.
So it's probably going to be even cheaper during the steam sale, but it's an awesome
game.
So many like retro homages, it's just ridiculous.
And then last but not least, uh, Project Anarchy, a brand new, uh, mobile development
toolkit from Havok.
And uh, did I mention it's free?
So you'll be able to use it to create some pretty awesome 3D games and freely publish
on Android, iOS, uh, Tizen, I'm not sure what Tizen is, but, um, and I guess it also has
a provisional license to develop for, but not publish on Windows.
Okay.
Um, yeah, and I guess it will support, uh, I guess, uh, low level C++ access, Lua, Lua
scripting, debugging, and, uh, other fun stuff includes tutorials and sample projects as
well.
So, uh, if you want to check that out, um, I would imagine you just go to Havok's website
and it should be there.
What the hell is Tizen though?
I've never heard of Tizen.
It's like a operating system for some smartphones, tablets, and vehicle infotainment, smart TVs.
Something else to build a console out of.
I guess, yeah.
All right, well, uh, the potentials of this could have been Epic, but, uh, it was unearthed
an old ad from the Consumer Electronics Show from years ago, uh, was unearthed that showed
a advertisement for Square, you know, before they were Square Enix, uh, promoting upcoming
Final Fantasy games, which included Final Fantasy II.
Now I'm not, I'm not talking about the Super Nintendo, I'm talking about the Japanese Final
Fantasy II.
I'm going to refer to their Japanese numbers in this whole story.
Uh, Final Fantasy II was supposedly going to come out here at one point, but we all
knew that.
One of those big, like, Lost Levels website or whatever kind of chronicles what happened
with that game and it didn't come out.
But a lot of people didn't know this.
Final Fantasy III was apparently planned at one point, but it clearly didn't get very
far along.
There's even some mock-up box art that shows, um, uh, like the neptodragon possibly there,
some sea monsters clutching wood on a broken ship.
Now obviously we did end up getting Final Fantasy II and III years later.
Uh, Final Fantasy II came in the, um, Origins thing that was on PlayStation.
And Final Fantasy III I don't think could tell the DS game, right?
I don't think we got it before then.
So, uh, obviously there were translated ROMs and other types of hacks like that, but, uh,
it's, um, interesting to imagine what could have been with Final Fantasy II and III.
Let's be real, it would have been too hard.
Uh, here's another game that doesn't make any sense, but it sure is a lot of fun.
Kingdom Hearts.
That's a hilarious face.
Kingdom Hearts HD, uh, news coming out that the graphics are actually built from the ground
up.
Uh, some of the original assets from the 11-year-old game were lost.
So the graphics for Kingdom Hearts HD 1.5 Remix were recreated from the ground up on
the PlayStation 3.
That's really cool because, uh, god, I can't wait to play this game all over again.
It's so pretty.
Yeah.
I'm just like so excited about this.
So very cool.
I'm less excited about this, but it's not going to stop me from getting the game.
Uh, Final Fantasy X and X-II HD Remaster, apparently GameStop could be getting some
type of limited edition exclusive or something.
Uh, there's a flyer out there that was dated June 26th that talked about a free limited
edition upgrade if you pre-ordered the HD thing.
Uh, however, this is saying this could have been an error on, uh, GameStop's part because
they apparently removed said mention and Square Enix has not said anything about it and it's
not on GameStop.com.
So don't freak y'all.
It must be rep- reparations for the whole, uh, Deus Ex issue.
Yeah, that's right.
That wasn't that long ago, all things considered, huh?
Uh, anyhow, also, this is cool.
Well, a lot of people don't even realize there was a Game Gear Mega Man game and it
was out there.
It had some different bosses too.
I don't recall.
Or was it some of the, the ones from three, it only had like four bosses in it.
There was a whole series of different, uh, portable Mega Man games.
Like there's the Wonder Swan one and, um, there was one other that I can't remember,
but there was the Game Gear one.
Well, rumor is that the Game Gear version is on its way to the Nintendo 3DS eShop.
So there's something you might want to get on your new 3DS Dark Sakura.
Uh, it was developed by Freestyle and published by US Gold in 1995.
It was parts of four and five, they say mashed together.
Uh, apparently, uh, these carts go for $40 on eBay, but I would imagine this will cost
what five bucks on the eShops.
That'll be kind of interesting.
Well, $40 isn't that much.
Right.
Especially for a collector's game right now, by the way, all six original NES Mega Man
games, if you didn't know on the 3DS eShop, I think most of them are on the Wii U as well
at this point.
So, uh, plenty of places to get your Mega Man fix, just, you know, no new games.
I'm still hoping for Rockman and Bass.
You never know.
That would be happy.
All right.
Uh, Dark Sakura.
Well, we do have, um, well, Xbox One, um, as far as headsets, they have to be wired
and they're going to be sold separately.
They're not going to be packed in.
And, uh, they're basically, uh, saying that, uh, the only thing that you're getting with
it is going to be the Kinect sensor and the microphone in there, but no actual heads up.
So trying to screw us out of more money, huh?
Yeah.
It was sort of like that though, at the launch with, uh, the Xbox 360, only the premium set
had a headset.
Oh, not, not every, they're, they're basically saying that you can still talk to people,
but you can't have a headset.
Honestly, I don't like the, you know, standard headsets because I wear headphones.
So you can't wear two sets of headphones at the same time.
Well, I've tried, but I actually have, that's how I do it on my headset.
I tape a headset that I ripped apart and I just have the boom part of the microphone
on there and I tape it to the side of my headphones.
It works just fine.
I guess I could use Kinect, but then I'd be yelling across the room.
So that would be fun.
Well, in other news, and this has to do with the Wii U, the Super Smash Brothers release
may actually lose some characters.
They're saying that they're working on getting as many characters in it as they can, but
they may not have the full intended roster, although they will have, of course, the Wii
Fit Trainer fighting you with yoga.
And I love her.
Well, it's just like, if I knew that I could punch somebody with the warrior pose and have
them go across the room, I'd be doing that more often.
It's one of those things I never realized how much I loved the idea until it was announced
and I'm like, she should have been a character.
I love the memes.
Have you seen this already cosplay?
Of the Wii Fit Trainer?
Of the Wii Fit Trainer.
That's amazing.
And then, of course, the villager and our Mega Man.
I almost wonder if we'll see something like, not really like a ultimate Marvel versus Capcom,
you know, but like a DLC.
Ultimate Smash.
Ultimate Smash with like new characters or something.
Well, what they're saying here is that, I mean, the other big reason they may have to
cut people is time constraints, so they won't be able to bring everyone back.
But I mean, then again, there was like, what, Solid Snake before and Sonic and some Fire
Emblem characters that no one cared about.
I'm sorry.
That Dan cared about.
A lot of people care about.
Some people will miss them, but yeah, I think some of those more like, like I bet Captain
Falcon will be in there.
It was fun to play with Roy and Marth.
Or no, Star Fox will be in there, but like his little buddy, Falco Lombardi won't be
there.
You know, it'll be the more secondary characters in some of those games, like Lucas from Earthbound.
You mean like the pallets?
I know people who would probably throw a fit if Lucas wasn't in there, though.
I'll throw a fit if Ness isn't there.
Well, you know what, people throw fits for any reason, so, because gamers hate everything.
They may just get rid of like the pallet swap characters, you know, the ones that are basically
the same move set and everything, but it's just a different model.
As long as Zelda still has the Sheik transformation, I'll be happy.
Oh, I'm sure.
That's a must.
But they need to give, they need to put Daisy in there and have her have the back of her
head eye laser.
You know about the eyeball in the back of her head, right?
I heard about that, yeah.
Okay, in the original Smash Brothers, if you look at the Daisy trophy, if you happen to
scroll in super close to the back of her head, there's an eyeball in the back of her head.
And so now it's like this thing that like, you know what Mugen is, right?
The fighting game creator.
So for people who put Daisy in Mugen, they actually gave her a back of her head eyeball
laser.
It's the big, grandiose eyeball.
And I think it's hilarious.
And people have like tried to see, oh, well, it's not there in Mario Kart.
It doesn't matter.
She has a great big eye on the back of her head, like a tumor.
That's why her hair is so big.
It's full of secrets and eyeballs.
It's full of secrets.
You know, I'm going to use that for anybody else that, especially when my hair frizzes
out into fro mode.
I'm just going to say it's full of secrets.
You can thank Mean Girls.
Okay.
Well, I haven't seen that.
She should.
What?
Doesn't it have Sarah Michelle Gellar in it?
No.
It's Lindsay Lohan before she was on all the drugs.
And Rachel McAdams.
Is that her name?
What was the one that had Sarah Michelle Gellar in it?
Buffy?
Buffy?
No, she was in another movie.
Cruel Intentions.
Cruel Intentions.
That was it.
Because that movie had a song that I liked, but I've never seen it either.
Yeah.
That's the one where you can see Sarah Michelle are going, but I want to fuck.
Okay.
Were you volunteering?
Sarah Michelle Gellar is an attractive lady.
If you're Freddie Prinze Jr. then yes.
So anyway, you know what though?
She does not look as attractive as she did on Buffy because she's all boned thin again
now and not, you know, in good shape.
So anyway, okay.
Former King of Fighters developers are having some issues.
They were basically, they have an original 2D fighting game that they were looking to
have some development on.
It says that right now, and the game is called Yatagarasu, that they want to have it crowdfunded
so that they can release the character in the game.
And they're wanting it to be 10 playable characters at launch.
They have a funding goal of $68,000 right now and it's on Indiegogo and it can go up
if it needs to be, so.
If it's not sucky like the King of Fighters 12 was, then go for it.
All right.
I'm a little opinionated when it comes to bad King of Fighters games, Rob.
Are you?
I would have never guessed.
You know what, hush.
I figured it was appropriate though, considering you just did a King of Fighters, or well,
sorta.
Sorta.
Fatal Fury.
King of Fighters prequel-ish.
Yeah, I'm going to do Art of Fighting next week, ooh.
Are you really?
No.
I'm going to do World Heroes Jet.
Well, you know what I'm going to do is the FUGL Question of the Week right now.
Make Facebook and Google Plus, slam them together and you get one clusterfuck of a
social networking site.
You also get the word FUGL, which we ask a question every week of our Facebook and Google
fan communities, and we read some of the answers here on the show.
I might read them all tonight.
We'll see how I'm feeling.
I haven't looked.
How many are on Facebook?
There's not a ton.
All right, I can probably get through them all tonight.
Here we go.
The Ouya officially hit shelves this week.
Did you get one?
Why or why not?
What do you think about these mobile platform consoles, especially considering there are
more to come, such as Mojo and the rumors of an official Google Android console?
And GameStick.
Oh, yeah.
Well, I said and more.
All right.
Retertainment says, unless the Ouya is something that will make it so it's not so damn fucking
hot outside, I will not be buying one right now.
Maybe I'll buy an Ouya in the future when the outside world is not trying to cook me
alive.
Well, to be fair...
That answer wins.
We're done.
Well, to be fair, one thing I do like about the Ouya controller is the face plates are
made of metal, and so they're nice and cool on your hands.
All right, fine.
We'll read other answers then.
All right.
So moving to Evel, like E3vL, no, unless I see more exclusive content for the system.
Also, the Ouya seems to have had bad customer service as of late, having shipped their console
to retailers before providing all their Kickstarter backers with one first.
At least provide the backers with some store credit or free games instead of just apologizing.
We'll get into that in a little bit.
We're definitely going to be getting into that in a little bit.
All right.
Nietzsche says, between the reports of horrible controller input lag and poor performance
due to outdated hardware, I have no desire to get the Ouya.
It was a fun idea, but in my opinion, didn't work out.
Travis H says, Asus transformer tablet plus HDMI cable equals an Ouya I can take on the
go.
Honestly, the only thing that I think that piqued my interest about the Ouya is having
a system to throw emulators on, kind of like an all-in-one super nostalgia machine.
But I already have that with my tablet, so I'm out.
Wow.
Lots of hate for the Ouya on Google Plus.
Let's see if Facebook's any different.
Galley 89 says, nope, I don't see the need one, not for me at least.
Daniel S says, everything I hear about the Ouya is that it's a piece of crap, and putting
more Android-based platforms is exactly what they need because market confusion and dilution
is great.
I think there's a slash sark in there.
Clover Nikon says, my wife and I enjoy playing games on our Google Nexus 7-inch Android jellybean
tablet.
My wife playing Simpsons tap game, I play Star Wars pinball, my father-in-law playing
those pokey magic slot machine games when he borrows it.
If a shop here near me sold the Ouya, I would definitely buy one.
Well, there you go.
Finally, an answer we can say is a positive one.
Degenerate Johnny says, it all seems oxymoronic to have a stationary platform for mobile games.
Honestly, I don't very much care for mobile games, 3DS and Vita excluded.
They don't offer the same amount of excitement and enjoyment that the big three consoles
offer.
Console developers, including Valve, should take a lesson from the auto industry, and
this is my Michigan side talking, there can be only three, and that's currently Nintendo,
Sony, and Microsoft.
Otherwise you are doomed to walk the unfortunate path of the 3DO, Jaguar, and God rest its
soul, the Dreamcast.
Aww.
Aww.
That answer made me sad.
Yeah, but the difference between the 3DO and the Jaguar and the Dreamcast is that the
Dreamcast wasn't shit.
Word.
Also, the 80s called and would like to tell you that there is room for more than three
consoles, although then again, it might lead to another crash.
We had the whole home computing wars, but that's another episode of the show.
Actually, we talked about that a lot last week.
All right, Clerical Error 404 left a pretty long answer here, but since I like them, I'll
read it.
No, I did not get one.
It has clever ideas, offering digital copies of games to first demo and then decide to
upgrade to the full version, having an easy setup of plugging in an HDMI cable, a library
of 200 games and counting, being able to run emulators to play games from older systems,
almost a retro gamer's dream come true, but the old saying is true, that a system is only
as good as the software, and unfortunately so far it has been able to really wow, I'm
thinking it hasn't been able to really wow anyone yet.
I am cautiously optimistic of how the Ouya will thrive, so for now I must wait until
the purchase of it will be warranted.
As far as mobile platform consoles, this is another format that has a lot of potential
to be great, but the old adage is true here as well, just like with the Ouya, that a console
is only as strong as the software.
If they market it well and have some major developer support, it can definitely be something
to look forward to.
Code Man says, no, I don't have a justification for buying one.
It would just make my wife more addicted to Candy Crush, and I definitely don't need that,
lol.
Oh, God.
There's so much confusion with the platform, I think, to be honest.
And there's no Candy Crush on it, thank God.
First off, so what, the console runs Android.
It doesn't make it a fucking mobile console.
It's not.
It's an operating system that runs Android.
It's just like Android runs on some of those smart TVs.
Does it mean your TV is a fucking mobile console?
No it's not.
It's a TV.
So it's just an operating system that you're developing games for.
Yes, a lot of the first games that are coming over are going to be ports of games that are
on the Android Marketplace, because you're porting an Android game to Android with some
additional APKs in there, so of course it's going to be like that.
But that's the thing, it's the whole draw of this console is that it's an indie console.
Now, I'm not saying that there's everything that's positive about it, because yes, there's
issues with the controller being, well, especially the first backer controllers, which I'm going
through an issue right now where I'm trying to get mine replaced because the analog sticks
don't work correctly.
And that's on Ouya.
They need to fix that shit.
And you know, since we're getting into some topic about, you know, Ouya.
Alright, can I read the rest of the answers here?
Yes, go ahead.
You still want to yell at people.
No, no, go ahead.
I'll save that for a second.
Alright.
Dart Charger says, I have a MAME cabinet for my emulation needs, and everything else that
I want can be handled by my consoles or smartphones and tablets, and Ouya would be the epitome
of a superfluous purchase.
AZHP says, I didn't get one because I didn't realize it came out this week.
If there's no advertising, how can I know when it's coming out?
I might pick one up soon for emulation purposes, though.
And lastly, Osfer says, I'm just not interested.
The new consoles from the big three are the only ones that really have my attention.
That's all the answers from Facebook and Google.
Thanks to y'all for answering.
Join us on Facebook and Google Plus for next week's question.
Alright.
Slidekick, are you going to get an Ouya?
You know, I was actually a very early backer, and, you know, honestly, if I kind of saw
how it played out, I don't think I would have backed them.
Yeah.
I don't know, just between, you know, you heard about all the mess with E3 and how rude
they were.
Oh yeah, I was there.
I took a picture of the big truck parked in front of the booth.
That was, it wasn't even, and the Ouya thing at E3 was more of a developer showcase than
it was the console.
Yeah.
But, you know, I think what I never really thought about is that, you know, they're just
going to keep trying to do Ouya's like on a, you know, maybe not a yearly basis, but
you know, I just think that the precedent that it's setting like, oh, the new Ouya is
out now and it's better than last year's Ouya.
It's like, you know, I just don't know if that's a good precedent to set for gaming
consoles, even though it's not directly trying to compete with, you know, the big three.
But, you know, I just, I don't, I don't know.
I actually, mine did arrive and I've yet to unbox it, so I probably should at some point.
Wow.
But Captain Spike also backed on Kickstarter before I did and he hasn't received his yet.
So God, you know, I'll hook mine up eventually.
I hope that I don't have any controller issues.
When did yours arrive?
You know, it arrived in late April or May, so your controller's fucked.
Sorry.
Yeah.
It was late May is when they fixed that shit.
I am.
Yeah.
See, I didn't back this for that reason.
I just knew.
But it's all fixed now.
It's fixed now.
Yeah, but not for you.
Well, it's fixed if I don't use the new Ouya controller.
Thank God I can pair a PlayStation 3 controller to it, but the only thing is not all games.
You have to account for that.
So they have to program in those button mappings as well.
I can, you know, for a lot of things like emulators, I can play with the PlayStation
3 controller and it works great.
That's how I knew it was.
It was the controller, not the console.
You know, I'm going to get into it in just a second.
Some of the customer service things.
It's ridiculous.
Well, if why don't we go back into the gaming news?
Loki, why don't you start us off with a possibly related topic?
Let's talk about this.
This is great.
This is fantastic.
Right when they launched, there was two Kickstarter updates.
One was like, hey, we launched our console.
You know, we couldn't have done it without you.
To which there was a bunch of replies, hey, you fucktard, I haven't gotten my fucking
console yet that I backed last year.
Where the fuck is it?
And then Julie comes out and says, I'm pissed.
I'm so pissed that we haven't been able to get some of those consoles to you.
You know, I promised that we'd ship them all and I don't know what's going on.
We have people in, you know, Hong Kong, they're checking into it and stuff.
I'll tell you what's going on.
They shipped it via fucking DHL, DHL Global, first off.
So slow ass ship in the first place.
And then you had to pass off to, because it was their global logistics mail or something
like that, where they pass it off to the US Postal Service.
It takes so fucking long.
They didn't know what the hell was going on.
It basically said, oh, yeah, you're going to get an update and your tracking number
will become active within, you know, like a couple days.
It took like a week.
My tracking number was never active.
It just showed up one day.
You're lucky if that thing showed up in the first place.
And then on top of all that, you had the issues where, you know, you're getting bummed controllers
with the earlier backer editions, which I did.
And it's annoying because it doesn't work correctly.
And so I replied, I sent a ticket for it.
I'm like, hey, I need this shit fixed, you know, so I sent them a ticket.
And you know, I understand that they're a little busy with their console launch and
stuff like that.
I sent it on Tuesday.
They got back to me today.
And here's what their response was.
It's like, as we continue to evolve the, oh yeah, making constant improvements to our
product and blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.
You got a copy paste from an outsource customer service company.
I bet anything.
It's not even outsource.
It took so long.
And basically saying, you know, the goal is, you know, you should look into the fact and
see if you could solve your problem there.
I'm like, I have a fucking defective controller.
Your fact doesn't help me there.
It doesn't say anything.
So I sent a reply, I'm like, listen, I have a defective controller, I need to replace
this shit because you know what's going to happen if I can't get it replaced?
I'm going to go to the store.
I'm going to buy a controller.
I'm going to replace it with my controller and I'm going to return it is what I'm going
to do.
Oh, shame on you.
But that's kind of, it's clever.
I should not be supporting that.
Something similar to that, but not really.
When Sonic Spinball came out, I got it for, you know, full price and then Target had it
for like five or seven dollars less.
So I bought it at Target and returned it to Toys R Us.
So I mean, it's not really like repackaging it, but I felt I was like 10 and I felt like
I was like, ooh, what if they find out that this is actually from Toys R Us?
Defective allowance.
It's, it's all right.
They're usage defectives, but it's seriously, if they're not going to solve my problem because
they're claiming that they're too busy right now.
Well, I'm sorry, but you know, it's going to be hard for me to continue supporting your
console if you're not going to give me a controller that fucking worked.
Since I only have one controller anyways and your additional controllers is 60 fucking
dollars.
Nope.
Not going to buy those.
Sorry.
So you say most of the cost of the system is the one controller that doesn't work?
That's their claim.
But here's the thing.
It's like, I don't understand why, why the whole thing was a clusterfuck to begin with
and I know it's going to get better.
I actually haven't touched my console since May.
I did loan to a friend, a coworker.
He wanted to check it out for stuff and so he did my updates and everything.
I guess the interface is a lot nicer now, but you know, a lot of the things that they
promise, obviously they didn't come through with like one of the major ones.
This console can be, this console can be easily rooted.
You're going to be able to root it immediately once you get it.
Can't do that.
Can't do that at all.
Uh, you know, it's very hacker friendly.
It's no, it's not.
It's not hacker friendly.
Aside from the fact that you can sideload.
Why not channel this energy into a complaint with a better business bureau?
Because they're not going to do anything.
No, it's not that whether they do something or not, it's still going to, um, hurt their
reputation and prevent them from being able to do business.
I'm sure there's tons of people who have already done that just for their backers.
Or is that just an excuse not to do it?
It is an excuse not to do it because I just don't care.
I don't care enough.
It's a con- I mean, it's not like I, I dropped a ton of money.
It was a hundred dollars a year ago and I just don't care.
And that's why companies get away with this because people don't care.
He wants the internet rage.
He wants the internet rage.
I want my controller to work and that's it.
Then that's fine.
So write them about it and tell them you're going to file a complaint and see how long
it takes them to reply.
Cause trust me, they will reply.
They won't reply.
They just, seriously.
The moment you bring up the three, you know, the business, the better business bureau,
especially for any company that wants to continue to do business, they tend to jump on that.
Especially if they've got other people doing the same.
Well, fine.
The next time I send them an update, I'll say, I'll contact the better business bureau
and we'll see them do nothing because yeah.
Let me read some of the written word in our chat room at live.vognetware.com.
Burr says, even the positive reviews are like, I like mine, but I haven't bought a game for
it yet.
Just played the demos.
There is seriously, a lot of the games on there are free to play right now and everything
has a free version of it.
So yeah, a lot of it you don't need to necessarily buy.
Codeman says, this is just a huge shit on the people who backed.
It is really unexcusable that they, you know, they got limited supply of the stores because
they wanted to make sure they have that retail presence or whatever.
But at the same time, they've made a promise to everyone that backed them to, you know,
deliver on that.
And if they can't deliver to, you know, people that ordered their console, I'm sorry, back
their Kickstarter and got a free console, however the fuck you want to word that because
you're not technically ordering anything, but you know, whatever.
They made a promise and they couldn't even fulfill that.
And they kept, they didn't give any firm numbers to what was shipping.
They just did this really generic line graph thing.
And you know, at a point at the beginning of June or something, they're like, all consoles
have shipped.
Really?
They've all shipped because no one's gotten them yet.
So yeah, it was really weird.
So I would be willing to, I'm kind of curious to see what it's going to look like in three
months time.
You know, if they're going to have all of these, you know, if they're going to follow
through with everything that they promised about this console, cause right now, you know,
they said they have like how many developers, like 5,000 developers or something like that
for the Ouya and there's 200 games.
Are they counting like every console they sold?
Because technically every console they sell can be a software development kit that you
can develop a game for.
So are we counting those as like con, you know, developers?
All right.
Well, I got to move on.
I'm sure Loki could do an entire episode just about his hatred towards this whole thing.
Lesson learned.
Would you, would you back another console after what happened to this?
Yeah, I would, but it'd be, it would have to be, you know, a lot more, um, research
done into it.
Like, you know, not that like Google's going to, you know, put a Kickstarter out there
for a console, but you know, it would have to be like, if, you know, it would be, it
would be, it'd be different.
Like there's a different, like a console that's supposed to be, I keep seeing that
they're trying to pitch this guy is kind of doing this, Oh, it can do everything and stuff
that you can imagine.
It's amazing.
The Oton or whatever, it's like this autonomous console is basically supposed to procedurally
generate games.
And that sounds neat, I guess, but it's just like the stuff that he's promising is ridiculous.
And so like, it's just like, yeah, I'm not going to back in this, but he's playing it
in a Kickstarter.
So you'll probably see that at some point, uh, cause he tried to get in, unfortunately
it was, we had got in and then they started requiring that anything that's electronics
or something like that has to have an actual prototype, a physical prototype made, not
just a concept.
So that's the problem.
I think it would be reluctant to spend as much on Kickstarter anymore.
Usually I just put in about 15 to $20 for a game or something, but that was the first
big, uh, big Kickstarter amount that I put in and I don't think I'd be as likely to do
it anymore.
All right, well let's move on.
Um, speaking of people who aren't likely to do certain things anymore, uh, Bethesda, the
vice president of PR marketing, Pete Hines, uh, in an interesting statement with, I believe
it was Eurogamer talking about quote, we don't have Facebook stuff.
We don't have mobile stuff.
We feel like we really know who we are, what we're good at.
So, you know, you know, you don't see Skyrim mobile or anything like that.
A while ago it was social games that were all the rage and people were asking, why
aren't we doing Facebook?
That's not what we do and that's no longer a big deal.
So we didn't run after it and now we're not running away from it.
We're just going to kind of stick to what we feel is best.
By the way, it doesn't just extend to Facebook and mobile quote, we have nothing announced
in development for Wii U.
It's not something we've done anything for previously.
I don't even remember the last time we've done a Nintendo title.
I do.
What was it?
It was Brunswick bowling.
I'm serious.
That's what it was.
We don't have anything.
That was just everybody trying to run off of the popularity of Wii Sports of which bowling
was huge.
We don't have anything now whether or not we would in the future is to be determined.
As for why, I guess I'd rather not go into that.
Oh, well, shit.
Now we all have to sit here and make it up because he won't go into it.
So what it is just that the Wii U is a, they don't believe in it.
They don't think something like Skyrim is capable of running on Wii U?
I think it's just, once again, it's cost risk type thing.
The cost it's going to take to develop a game or port a game over to that platform versus
the amount of money you're going to make with the limited marketplace for it right now because
there's just not a lot of people that bought the console.
I think it's going to change.
You're going to hear a lot of people more willing to develop for it when there's more
people that bought the console.
So it's going to take another year or so with some of these first party games to drive
some console sales to get more third parties involved.
But if it doesn't work, if the third parties, or I should say the first party games don't
drive enough console sales, then yeah, you're going to hear a lot more of this.
I don't think it's a huge loss because there hasn't really been a Bethesda game since
Brunswick Bowling.
So it's not like, I don't know, it is kind of disappointing because you think that something
that's kind of graphically on par with a Playstation 3 and an Xbox 360 and yet you're
not getting these games that are on those platforms.
It's not helping them any.
Alright, let's shift gears here completely.
Dark Soccer, you have a very interesting story for us next.
Yes, I do, and I found it on Game Politics, which I love Game Politics.
You want to see what goes on in the world around video games.
It doesn't necessarily have to do with release dates, then that's the place to go.
But there was a conservative political website called the Daily Caller that said that a Texas
teenager was making a joke while playing League of Legends, and the joke was, and I'm going
to quote, oh yeah, I'm real messed up in the head, I'm going to shoot up a school full
of kids and eat their still beating hearts, followed by a JK and lol.
Well, there were people who took this seriously, actually a Canadian lady, who looked up the
teenager's address and noted where he lived and reported it to the police, and he's been
in jail ever since.
He actually spent his 19th birthday in jail, and if he's convicted, he's going to spend
up to eight years in prison, and this is basically for making a terrorist threat.
It just goes to show what this is, basically it's an ignorant kid.
His dad said he doesn't watch the news, he doesn't read up on any current events, he's
just a dumb kid making a threat.
I'm sorry, but if you're on the internet, how do you not hear about stuff, just hearing
about stuff that other people are talking about?
Even apart from that, there's people who will all the time say really horrible things, trying
to threaten somebody or exert their own personal dominance over somebody else.
There's actually a petition out, I hate change.org, just because when you sign any petition there,
you get a bajillion emails, and I hate it, but there is a petition up on change.org right
now to try to get him out of jail, which I don't know if it's going to work, but the
whole thing that this boils down to, and it's almost an epidemic when it comes to online
play, is that, and it's not just the whole terrorist threat type statements, because
they're saying that there's kids everywhere being gotten in trouble for this, but for
the ones who go, oh I'm going to rape you, and I'm sure they're not meaning they're going
to go out and take somebody against their will, it's a means of exerting dominance.
It's, you know, top of the one says, just relax and let it happen.
Oh god.
Rob, I am disgusted.
You know, like the whole, I'm just, the G-rated version of that.
Well, but on top of that, there's also ones going, well I'm just going to beat the shit
out of you, or, just with all the cyberbullying that's been in the recent, or the tits are
GTFOs.
A lot of people say stupid shit on the internet, what a shock.
But what we're looking into now is that people actually taking some of them seriously, where,
and I firmly believe that this kid was just being a stupid kid, you know, just saying
something that he thought was going to make himself sound a little, you know, more puffed
up and a little bit more of a badass.
You have eight years in prison.
Yeah, I mean, I would even think by now, even if they dropped the whole thing, he's fucking
learned his lesson.
Send the cops to his house to scare the shit out of him.
You know, like that's, that's how you learn your lesson.
You know, I would, if I had a way to do that with everyone who said anything that out of
context could remotely be taken as threatening, or any type of bragging of said threatening
action, I would do it in a heartbeat just to scare people, you know, to scare people
into behaving, even though it shouldn't take scaring people into behaving.
They should just fucking know how to behave like a human being.
That's asking a lot from people.
That's asking a lot, I know.
And I mean, and it goes without saying that when, you know, you put these people behind
a mask of anonymity, that they think that they've got fair, you know, fair game to say
anything that they want, that there's no repercussion.
In this case, the lady knew who he was and called on him.
You know, I actually, my point with this is that I would actually even express this as
a cautionary tale, you know, put it out there for any of these people who are going to be
douches online.
Not that our listeners would ever do that.
No, because our listeners are kind, intelligent, beautiful, handsome, non-bigoted, lovely people.
And if you are bigoted, don't tell me or I'll beat you up.
I'm kidding.
No, I wouldn't beat anybody up.
I would hear sirens heading towards your house, Jamie.
Wow.
Popo's coming for Jamie.
Whatever.
You know what?
I would just judge them really harshly.
But you know, you should never bring up something that you know is going to be triggering.
I hate to use the word, but something that's going to be triggering to somebody.
You know, there are people who lost family and friends in any number of terrorist attack.
I know people personally who have lost family members.
You know, it's a really awful thing.
And when you bring up something like that, when there is such a volatile environment
around that, just that concept, then you are really asking for a pile of shit.
I mean, I think like games included, but you know, just as everything moves more with more
online communication.
I mean, I think people just need to really be more mindful and like we need to educate
people of, you know, but I mean, again, that's asking a lot.
I'm going to quote my granddaddy and my granddaddy was a great guy from Bridgeport, Connecticut.
He was our Yankee.
When I grew up in the south, he always said, put brain in gear before mouth in motion.
His other catchphrase was don't be an instigator and an agitator.
But I mean, those are two really good pieces of advice.
You don't want to stir up the hornet's nest.
You have to gently remove it to where you don't get stung in the process or no one else
get hurt.
You know, it's the same thing.
And I think that with this kid, yeah, he doesn't deserve to be locked up, but he did deserve
to have a stern talking to at least to have some sort of repercussion.
Scared straight.
Exactly.
Or maybe scared gay.
I don't know.
Whatever.
Whatever.
You're the one who told me to go gaily forward.
OK.
Anyway, I think that in any of any of these cases, you know, yeah, they need to drop it
with the kid.
He's clearly learned his lesson.
But to everybody, just think before you speak.
And instead of reacting to something that someone has said or something that you've
seen or losing a game, boo hoo, go cry me a fucking river.
Don't react.
Think and act.
So the story.
I apologize after our press our luck game, slide kick for threatening to kill you and
leave your corpse out on the porch for the cause of love.
Can you say you're going to pee on my corpse, too?
Yeah, I probably did.
And I was going to hit you with a bug net repeatedly since you like Animal Crossing
so much.
So I hear the sirens again, they're coming back this way.
No.
All right.
I'm sorry.
I shouldn't joke about it.
I shouldn't laugh.
I just I would actually just still like to encourage our listeners to keep a level head.
Don't react.
Think and act.
That's my new catchphrase.
You should have a little McGruff, the crime dog saying you should make some YouTube gaming
PSAs.
Get gamey like like Jamie's gaming stern advice.
I almost said gamey like Wanda Sykes, knock it off.
And then, you know, what's going to happen is I'm going to get a ton of people commenting
on YouTube, you know, show me your boobs, get back in the kitchen, rape, blah, blah,
blah.
And then you have to just single out each and every one of them, trace their IPs and
send them a letter.
Back trace them through the Internet or just disable comments.
That's what I do.
But I've actually done that before where I got one of those stupid, you know, so and
so rape.
But it came through a source that I was able to track back as IP.
It was on a forum.
I think it was a DDR freak back in the day.
But I traced his IP back and found out where he lived and messaged him.
You live here and here.
I have your phone number.
What are you going to do about it?
Oh, please don't call me.
Please don't call me.
I'm going to call your mother.
No.
Well, I love all those people who say, oh, well, I just found your Facebook.
I'm posting it back where your mom can see it.
Yeah.
But then some trolls make it really successfully and it makes me very bitter.
I'm having a drink as I say that.
In some cases, it's when you remove that mask of anonymity that they really straighten up.
You know what I mean?
Degenerate Johnny in chat says, go to shit senders dot com and send them a cow pie.
That's a real thing.
Yes, it is.
But that's great.
That happens.
Spike, if you're listening.
Happy birthday.
Actually, you know what I want to do?
And I don't know if something like this exists because you know how there's like the National
Sex Offender Registry.
I want to do the Internet Offender Registry.
National Gaming Douchebag.
Yeah.
Well, you can do slander, slander, lawsuit, slander.
If you can do as so-and-so parks like an asshole dot com, then you can do shit people said
on the Internet dot com.
You know, I'm just saying.
Captain Spike is in chat, by the way, and says rude.
All right, moving on.
I'm sure we have lots of other thoughts on this.
I invite you guys to email us mailbag at Orange Lounge Radio dot com.
Although we are definitely going to change that email address in the coming weeks.
But for now, you can still use that.
There'll be plenty of announcement when we flip it over.
Mailbag at Orange Lounge Radio dot com.
Meanwhile, everyone's doing emails these days.
I love it.
What?
Well, Queen City is a National Doucheburg registry and Fifth Dream says dbag shaming
dot com.
I am all for that.
I would do it.
All right.
Let's we have to run it through Sweden so that we don't get low Q. We need something
a little less serious here.
All right.
Let's see here.
Molly Jam, part two, this this one's going to be a little different instead of basing
it off of the fake Peter Molyneux Twitter account and those kind of ideas.
These are based off of actual quotes from Peter Molyneux.
And it's weird.
It's really weird.
Can you read the one that was included in that article?
Yes, I can do that.
In fact, here is some of the stuff and I think a lot of this is going to be very dirty.
It's you Americans.
There's something about nipples you hate.
If this were Germany, we'd be romping around naked on stage here.
So that could become a game.
I feel like that would be a callback to the Atari days, you know, beat them and eat them.
Gross.
Like, OK, there you go.
I'm in the list.
I'm going to read off a couple of these for you.
These are potential games right here.
You can actually break someone's neck on some railing during combat.
It could be a spike on a fence or a solid brick wall and you get increased experience
for that as well.
Neckbreaker like it.
Let's see here.
We're we're explorers who have just discovered this new continent of emotion.
I'd actually play that.
It would probably be very cool.
Let's see.
I wish I had I had some time machine and could go back two weeks.
You live by your mistakes for sure.
When you rip your fingers on the screen, you tear the landscape apart with your physical
hands.
It just feels amazing, man.
It's feels amazing.
Let's see here.
They have 48 hours to make a game out of these quotes.
Yeah.
There's like 22 quotes here.
What about ripping the screen would have to be an iOS title?
I remember I remember hearing about this last year.
You can eliminate starvation or you can double it.
You can empty the treasury or you fill it with gold and rub it all over your body.
That game sounds hot.
Yeah.
Another Atari adult game.
Well, will the first female nudity give you a success or will it turn off an audience?
What is that going to be?
I can't wait.
I got to see that.
I'm not punishing you for button mashing.
I'm rewarding you for not button mashing them.
That's a really big distinction that could be a rhythm game.
All right.
Anyhow.
Show me the game.
Wait.
Last one though.
All right.
When you're doing it in multiplayer, it feels incredible.
I love that.
Oh.
So the theme is going to be adult games then.
Good times.
All right.
Well, maybe some of these games that come out of MolyJam could be pitched to Dave and
Buster's arcade or cage chain.
Oh, God.
You know, Dave and Buster's, of course, it used to be the annual site of my birthday
every year when I would play junk.
It stopped for some reason.
Yeah, because they got rid of BattleTech.
Well, anyhow, Dave and Buster's, along with Comedy Central, VH1, and MTV, that whole network
thing, is putting on this contest called The Next Big Game Search, and you can see this
at nextgame.cc.com.
You can fill out a form.
You can do its ideas, their pitches for a mobile app, larger than life arcade game,
or simply some improvements for an already classic game.
You'll be judged on originality, ease of play, family fun, it has to be suitable for people
of all ages, so some of those nudity games won't be eligible, gameplay experience, and
difficulty.
The prizes, the grand prize is Dave and Buster's Create Your Game and Free Games for Life.
First runner up, $5,000 in gameplay at Dave and Buster's, and second runner up gets $500
in gameplay.
The contest runs through July 15th, you have to be a resident of the U.S.
I'm telling you what, though, if you go and submit an OLR dream game and you win this
competition, patent pending, and you owe us a chunk of your winnings, just saying,
you're going to buy us a hell of a nice meal at Dave and Buster's, that's all I'm saying.
You can record a live from Dave and Buster's.
Yes, that's right.
We should go submit some of our favorite dream game ideas into this.
Just do them all.
Just do them all.
This would be fun.
Can you imagine if the winner, if the winning game out of this was WhatTheyPlay.com Snap
or Puzzle Sluts?
No, it has to be for all ages.
I don't think that the Roosevelt Dave and Buster's has the DDR anymore.
That's sad.
Answering Misty in chat room because she asked.
Besides that, the Roosevelt Dave and Buster's is the size of a closet.
No one goes there anyway.
Yeah, when you have a Dave and Buster's that's smaller than the Times Square Dave and Buster's,
it's a problem.
All right, let's go to the mailbag.
Every week you guys email us mailbag at orangelauntrader.com and we sift through the emails that are mixed
in with all the Asian spam that we get.
We have a lot of Asian spam this time.
Oh my god, and Russian spam and French spam.
It's like just when we thought the French spam and Russian spam was done with.
Zoot le porn.
All right, moving on.
Mailbag at orangelauntrader.com, DarkStalker.io Dive in the mailbag, pull out some emails.
Okay, hello guys.
Hello.
OOR the video game podcast where every gamer has a voice, right?
Well, I'm going to offer up mine to say girl please.
Ocarina of Time is not an overrated game.
It is as deserving of praise just as much as Link to the Past is.
Next email.
Hey, Rob.
Fine.
To quote a video game, sit your ass down in that chair and drink your goddamn tea.
Hearts, hearts, hearts, hearts.
It is, okay, blah, blah, blah.
The major thing that determines which you have an affinity for is the one you grew up
playing first.
Mine obviously was Ocarina, but I also grew up playing Link to the Past on Game Boy Advance.
I have many fond memories of playing through that game just as I do with Ocarina of Time,
but Ocarina moved me on a deeper level and made me into the gamer I am today.
For the record, I actually really like both of them about equally.
It depends on the mood I'm in.
Yeah, I really like them both.
I really like Majora's Mask too.
It's like I really love lasagna, but I also really, really like sushi.
I really like Link to the Past, and that's the end of that sentence.
This brings me to two questions about your opinions on Ocarina of Time, specifically
for Rob.
Thank God.
Rad.
One, you mentioned that you really like Twilight Princess.
Hell, I did too.
I caused a flood warning for all of Northeast Ohio with how much I came buckets over Link
turning into a wolf.
Okay.
Came buckets?
Whoa.
I thought I was thinking cried, but it's came buckets.
Sexy chat.
Sticky.
But why are you so fond of a game that took a lot of cues from Ocarina of Time?
Yeah, Rob.
Why?
Yeah, Rob.
Why?
Because.
Next question.
No, especially with all the waggle technology being new, and it was something that was a
little bit outside of Wii Sports, and I think also kind of getting to see the game with
more...
Like in Ocarina of Time, the 3D was still so early on, you had a lot of very blocky
textures and very solid colors and things.
And I realized at the time there were a lot of people that were very imaginative, and
it didn't matter.
But you have to remember there were a lot of us in my generation that grew up on the
2D games.
Like you say that Ocarina of Time was from your generation.
We were a little more stubborn when it came to getting into the 3D.
Like I was cool with Mario Kart.
I like Mario 64.
I don't think it deserves all the praise that it gets.
Are you an N64 hater?
I'm not an N64 hater.
So you're saying you didn't pee your pants when Star Fox came out?
When the first Star Fox came out?
No.
That was the shit when that came out.
But it was different.
But it was 3D.
It was different.
But it was still on rails.
It was different.
I can't explain it.
But Ocarina of Time, it wasn't quite HD Zelda, but it definitely felt like that next big
step that the Zelda series needed to take to make it so much more immersive.
Number two, a while back I remember you mentioning that you're not a big fan of Metroid Prime.
You didn't like the direction Nintendo took the series and that it just didn't have the
same feeling of the older games like Super Metroid.
Do you think that this has to do with why you didn't like Ocarina of Time and the fact
that both games were a shift to 3D?
Yes.
But I like Metroid Prime 3 for the record.
Did you just not like that change in which the game stayed as top-down Zelda or side-scrolling
Metroid games?
Yes and no because I still stand pretty hard for Zelda 2, which even Miyamoto himself has
issues with.
Yeah.
I don't like Zelda 2.
But I'll defend that game as pretty fucking awesome.
Dan will agree with you.
Just saying.
Yeah.
It's hard as hell, but beating that game when I was a kid, I'm not gonna be able to do that
again.
I've tried.
That's tough.
What do you think about Wind Waker?
I honestly didn't play enough of it.
I didn't play enough of it.
Dan beat Wind Waker and he really liked it.
I just couldn't get into it.
If I can borrow the HD one or get it on Gamefly or something, I'll give it another try.
Well, Rob, I can lend you mine.
Well, you know, there's the HD remake coming out on the US Play Store.
Oh, you and your HD.
Why not?
Thanks for reading and sorry for the slightly longer email, but I just got to defend my
first and favorite gaming love that is Ocarina of Time and that's from Ospher.
Well, every gamer has a voice even when they're-
And I don't need to know about you coming bucket.
Every gamer has a voice even when their opinions are not correct.
There's a PS.
Oh, that was Ospher?
Yeah.
I'm not surprised about the coming buckets.
Yeah, because Twilight Princess has, like, nevermind.
I actually just finished a playthrough of Ocarina of Time last night with one of my
close friends.
We took turns playing through the dungeons and reminiscing on how we grew up while playing
it as kids.
After the end credits, we were both pretty teary-eyed.
You know, so play it again.
You know what?
I actually not too long ago played through Ocarina on the GameCube redo disc.
You need to get the 3DS version.
It's really good.
I still wanted 40 bucks for it and they're charging a premium for it because it's out
of print now.
Oh.
Um, by the way, I just want to make sure this is very clear.
I don't hate Ocarina of Time.
I never have and I've never said that word on the show in regards to Ocarina of Time.
I just don't lavish all the praise upon it that many other people do.
I think it's a good game.
In fact, I think it's a great game.
I just don't think it's in my top 20.
Rob, you like it.
You just don't like like it.
Exactly.
You wouldn't date it.
I wouldn't eat it shield.
You'd go to Pinkberry with it, but you wouldn't date it.
Get it?
Because I don't like like it.
Ha ha ha ha ha.
That was a Zelda joke, people!
Awww.
Hey.
I try.
Mwah mwah mwah mwah.
Last email.
Um, this is from Sam.
Hi, Sam.
Hello, OLR crew.
I love the show.
If the devs stop making single player games, are we really any better off than we were
before Microsoft's change in plans?
What do you all think?
First of all, I don't think the single player games are going away.
No, single player games won't go away.
There will always be a demand for single player games.
There are always antisocial people.
However, I can see where this guy, unless Sam is for Samantha, could be guy or girl,
but I'm going to assume guy, where this individual, our lovely writer, where this individual is
getting this from, because it does seem like a lot of single player games that have come
out lately have a multiplayer mode suddenly in it.
What?
Just within the past few months.
Tomb Raider.
Tomb Raider.
Uncharted 3.
Last of Us.
Mass Effect 3.
Like all the Assassin's Creed ones, even though it's a little bit older.
Assassin's Creed 3.
They all have multiplayer modes in them.
Now, I don't think in any of these cases they've necessarily detracted from the single player
game, although some people kind of resented that you kind of had to play multiplayer to
get the edge in Mass Effect 3.
That's true.
But Mass Effect 3 multiplayer is great, so whatever.
Yeah, that's the thing.
That's the thing.
It's great.
It also gives the games more replay value, I guess you could say.
I still have yet to-
Although, for Mass Effect fans, replay value is going and making another Shepard.
Let's be real.
You know what?
Okay, and this is the funny thing.
I'm now on my third playthrough of the first game, because I'm braving the motion sickness.
I've beaten two and three 27 bajillion times.
The fun for that for me is making a new Shepard and completely hacking everything I can possibly
hack about the appearance.
I have one wearing Ashley's face like it's ripped off of her flesh as she died on Vermaier.
Wow.
And wearing Warren's outfit.
She has been referred to as Hobag Ashley.
So, in my discussion there, the original question was Xbox One something- I think you closed
the email, huh?
I did.
Do you think that single players are going away from the past?
I don't think it was necessarily going away, but I think it has something to do with as
they fade more and more.
Is Microsoft's decision a bad one?
Well, now that they- Well, I still think if Microsoft wanted to- Here's the thing.
If Microsoft wanted to try and push digital, then there's no reason they can't run two
separate license systems.
Your disk-based license and your digital-based license.
Why not enhance the digital license?
You know, Nintendo dipped their little pinky in the water when they said, well, if you
buy the game digitally, you'll get 5%- Was it 10% back in points, which you can trade
in for cards, right?
A little bit of- It's a tiny ass incentive, but it's some incentive to get the game online.
What if Microsoft said, okay, we're going to one up that.
So, when you digitally buy the game, here's the perk you get over getting it on disk,
is that you can now share this digital game with a friend.
You can loan it out to a friend across the country instantly.
That's the perk you get with it.
Why can't they run both licenses?
They can do it.
It will take time to develop and so on.
I think if Microsoft really wants to, for the Xbox 2, or whatever their next generation
system is called after this, assuming this box doesn't kill the company, but I don't
think it will, they could start getting people used to the idea of digital and why it's better.
As opposed to, nope, we're going to change the whole fucking thing right now.
We're turning your world upside down.
Yeah, even though I don't approve of a lot of what the Xbox One was trying to do, I do
think it's a shame that we didn't see how it could have developed.
The positive was never clearly communicated, only the negative.
Yeah, lesson learned, hopefully.
Anyhow, that was it for Mailbag, right?
That was.
Well then that means we get to the FUs of the week.
Every week here on this show, we let out a little angst.
Why?
Because we're just really angry people.
You know, I hate bringing up traffic, but this was really fucking stupid.
When I was driving over that same bridge, over across the American River, coming this
way to your place, Rob, someone was freaking tailgating me during all that road construction-wise.
With a cop, expecting me to speed, and I'm like, no.
And I know everybody and their twin goes 20 miles over the speed limit over that bridge,
but I was about to do it while there was a CHP parked off to the side.
Sorry, your convenience isn't worth me having a $300 ticket.
Loki?
Fuck you to hand, foot, and mouth disease.
I don't like having blisters on my hands and feet.
Or my mouth.
Slidekick, why don't you go next?
I want to say FU to the lady in the Target parking lot who gave me a very pressed look
when I was trying to leave.
I'm sorry that I delayed you 10 seconds getting to your car so you could go home and eat your
Panda Express.
I'm sure it just ruined your day.
That orange chicken just fucking-
She glared at me.
She's like, fine, go.
The orange chicken would not stay warm in this weather.
Oh, by the way, I'd like to add a thank you to you.
Aww.
Thank you so much for facilitating the crack.
And thank you for the Groupon for brunch.
Hey, hey, hey, no rainbow and sunshine shit in the FU segment.
You better watch it.
FU Rob.
Yeah, FU Rob.
Just kidding, I love you.
I-L-U.
FU both.
Here's my finger.
Should do an I-L-U section.
You want to do an I love yous of the week?
Wait, hold on, because I got to get my FU out.
Fuck you to this goddamn shitty fucking hateful heat.
Amen.
Tim TRP in chat agrees.
All right.
It is hateful.
That's a good word for a Rob, it's hateful.
Okay.
I'm sliding on the chair.
Okay.
It's time for the I-L-U's of the week.
Yes, I'm using the same music bumper twice.
It's the I-L-U's of the week.
I love you KBB.
Dark Sakura.
Thank you for the 3DS.
Slack kick.
You are my hero forever.
And I have Animal Crossing now.
Thank you because you facilitated it.
And I'm glad you enjoyed your sausage.
Oh, I always enjoy my sausage.
And I have to say I-L-U to Dark Sakura for the Groupon for brunch and for sharing her
French toast with me.
It was so good.
Oh, we should, Sam's should just be a sponsor for, you know.
And I'm going to give my I-L-U of the week to Alan because he's over there in the kitchen
clearly making dinner.
You can't hear the foil in the background.
Oh, being so domestic.
You've got an I-L-U, right?
Nope.
You know, you know, the quickest way to a man's heart is through his stomach.
So no, it's through the rib cage.
Loki, what's your I-L-U of the week?
I don't have one.
Sorry.
What?
You grumpy cat.
I love the fact it's really sweltering hot in here.
That's great.
There's nothing I can do.
You don't have I-L-U to breadsticks?
I-L-U to these five fans.
One, two, three, four, five.
And all your fans in the chat room.
Oh, all right.
Oops, sorry.
That was not meant to be followed by Holik.
Everything is meant to be followed by Holik.
All right, moving on.
Loki, if you could possibly do the next story.
Sure.
Okay, so unfortunately there was a little bit of an issue with the precursor games.
Apparently, writer, game designer, and artist Ken McColl,
he was arrested for possession of child pornography.
That's not good.
So, of course, no, that's definitely not good.
So, of course, you know, the company is now distancing themselves from,
you know, their co-founder, and he doesn't have anything to do now,
obviously, with Shadows of the Eternals, which, you know.
Every time I hear Shadow of the Eternal now, I just, I hear this as the theme song.
Yeah, as if Precursor needed any more bad press, honestly.
Right?
It's, yeah, that sucks.
Oh, well, what are you gonna do?
I mean, that's all you can do.
Well, for one, don't download child pornography.
That's not good.
That's gross.
It's beyond gross.
By the way, Rob, did you hear about the 12-year-old girl
who shamed a guy in her room janking off over her into leaving?
Ew!
What?
Yeah, it was, what was it?
It was, it was on the, um, I read it on, like, some news thing.
It was, like, a legit news thing where this 12-year-old girl says,
you need to be ashamed of yourself.
Leave.
And he did.
The internet's disgusting.
Disgusting place.
Well, no, this was a real life thing, but.
Well, it's just.
I have a story.
That was a weird tangent.
That was a very weird tangent.
Our soccer took the show to an awkward place.
People who are just awful people need to be ashamed of themselves.
All right, uh, moving on to, uh, a campaign about something that really
pisses people off about the Wii U, and that is region locking.
You know, I guess some of the fans out there are hoping, you know,
if Operation Rainfall worked and Microsoft ended up reversing Corus on a lot of their shit,
maybe, just maybe, we can get Nintendo to end region locking.
And they're taking to Twitter, you know, because Twitter is a very effective way of protesting.
Well, it worked for the PlayStation 4 and Xbox One.
End region locking and Nintendo region free are some hashtags.
There's, um, let's see, some posts on Miiverse as well, which are actually kind of funny.
Like, I love some of these Miiverse posts.
I love the one of Monita with, uh, region free, please.
That's great.
And then like a picture of Reggie Fils-Aime, I guess that's supposed to be him.
My body is region free.
So it's kind of clever that they're, uh, taking to Miiverse to put some of their opinions.
It won't happen.
No, it probably won't happen.
You know, the thing is, is that Nintendo seems to be really,
they seem to be trying to bring over a lot of stuff that, you know,
maybe in the past they wouldn't have.
I mean, Fire Emblem is the thing that we can basically expect at this point,
but also like Bravely Default, you know, that was kind of uncertain,
but Nintendo is helping bring that over.
So even though it would be nice if the Wii U was region free,
I think that Nintendo is really trying to listen to gamers
and know that they want these games that are, that are over in Japan.
Let's hope.
All right.
Well, that brings us closer and closer to the end of the show,
but, uh, we are going to open up the Skype line right now
to get some of your voices here on the show.
1-877-GAME-OLR or our username on Skype, Orange Lounge Radio.
That's all one word.
We are taking your calls right now.
We'll get to some Twitter topics as well.
And also any last minute stories.
I don't know if Dark Soccer or Loki have anything they want to get out real quick.
I think I just have, I want to get out of the heat.
Sim City has a wonderful new piece of DLC for $9.
It's Zeppelin's.
You get, you get an airship and a hot air balloon park as an, uh, basic.
Is it piloted by a guy named Sid?
I don't know.
Hot air balloon park or an airship and an airship mass transit option.
$9.
That's all you get for $9.
Will it explode like the Hindenburg did?
I mean, I mean, not to be in poor taste, but.
Too soon, Rob.
Too soon.
Thanks to the power of cloud.
Part of Sim City is disasters, right?
Yeah.
Sim City was a disaster.
Oh boy.
It wouldn't be the same without the reporter.
All right.
Let's go to the phones because we do have calls coming in.
Hi, you're on orange songs radio.
Who's this?
Hello.
Hello.
It's code man.
Hey, code man.
How you doing?
I haven't called in in a while.
I was going to say a long time.
No talk.
What's on your mind, buddy?
Well, you know, it's, it's busy everywhere.
Real life is not allowed to get in the way of OLR.
Okay.
Thanks.
It never does.
Good answer.
What's up, buddy?
Um, no, I was just calling, um, about the whole YouTube thing earlier because,
you know, I, I'm your friendly neighborhood YouTuber, I guess.
Um, but, uh, they, they're actually starting to monetize for minutes watched now.
So like, it's not so much your video anymore as it is the minutes of like,
how long somebody watches your video.
So, so, I mean, it's, it's really, I don't know.
They keep changing it, but, um, to say something about, I believe square enix
or Squeenix as a lot of people say, um, is they did that for a really long time.
They would take, they wouldn't let anyone put any of their games up,
which I always see it as free advertisement for the company.
But I mean, you're playing their game.
People are watching it.
They say, Oh, you know, this is a really good game.
I want to buy it.
So then they go out and buy it and then that's free advertisement.
So to me, that's, I mean, that's the way, but I see, I see where everybody's
coming from, where, you know, you're playing this game, you're, you're
claiming it as your own video, but it's actually just your voice over
something else that somebody else made.
And I can understand that, but, but yeah, that's, I just want to call in
and, uh, kind of, cause I, cause I missed that whole conversation.
I had to go put the girl down to sleep, but, uh, but yeah, I just wanted to
kind of call in and talk about that a little bit.
No worries.
Um, you probably aren't surprised to hear that people make a living off
those let's play videos though.
Right?
Um, there's a lot of people, uh, out there, a lot of really, really big
YouTubers that make a huge, huge killing off of, uh, off of just doing
let's plays and doing, uh, Minecraft's real big right now.
Uh, there's, there's just tons of people out there making so much money
off of that.
And yeah, to an extent you make a lot of money, but I don't really think
unless, unless you partner with a third party, I don't really think, which
sometimes you kind of get screwed out of that money too.
So, you know, either way, if you, if you manage yourself correctly on
YouTube, I think you can make a good amount of money, but other than that,
I do it just to do it and, and, you know, to show people what I'm playing
and, you know, all that stuff.
I mean, I don't do it for the money obviously, cause I'm not making
anything from it, but, um, but it's just fun to do to me and I love video
editing and all that stuff.
So that's what it's got.
It's like podcasting.
And I've said this before on an earlier show, if you don't love it, what
the hell are you doing?
Well, exactly.
If you get into YouTube to make money, you're getting into the, you're
getting into the wrong reasons.
It's like those companies that are like, we need to hire an agency to make
a viral video.
Um, you don't force something to go viral that has to like happen, you
know?
Well, no.
Yeah, that's, that's totally true.
And you know, that's, that's great.
Oh, and I also wanted to say, I, you will have a, a buffer from, uh, from
a one-year-old, uh, well, actually from a, well, she'll be two probably
by the time that I make the buffer, but I got her to say orange today,
but, uh, she has to put all of them together.
I haven't got adorable.
So that's, that should be fantastic.
So excited to hear it.
All right.
Uh, yeah, that's, I think that's about it really.
Uh, so, I mean, yeah, I just, I was up late tonight, so I thought I'd
give you guys a call cause I haven't talked to you in a while.
Always good to hear from you.
Yeah.
Always good to hear from you.
Uh, you, it's, it's good to hear from you.
You take care and, uh, I hope everybody's doing well out there in Oklahoma.
I'm glad to see you've been okay throughout all the, I mean, here I am
bitching about the heat.
That was a bad pun.
At least I don't have what I didn't even.
He's okay.
Oh God, shut up.
At least I don't have these tornadoes running through my backyard.
So I'm, I'm glad to hear you're all right with all that.
We're getting the heat right now too.
We're, I think today we got probably a high of 101, which is not a whole, I
mean, it's not big here, but I mean, um, we're not getting tornadoes and
that's all that we care about.
Although I am getting a shelter put in, um, in September, I think.
So that's good.
All right, buddy, I'm going to let you go so we can get more calls, but, uh,
stay safe.
All right.
You guys keep, keep making the podcast for another 16 years.
How about that?
We'll try.
All right.
All right.
We'll see you.
All right.
Bye bye.
16 years.
I will be 50.
I don't know about that.
All right, we'll see.
All right, let's go to some more calls.
We have phones ringing tonight.
Hi, you're on Orange Lawns Radio.
Who's this?
Uh, this is Zormay.
Zormay.
Hey, Zormay.
I don't think, have you called the show before?
I don't recognize your name.
Uh, yeah, I called a few times back in the day.
Oh, back in the day.
Well, welcome back.
What's on your mind, buddy?
Um, I know you guys are average gamers of, uh, Final Fantasy 11 and now that
Final Fantasy 14 has come out and it looks like it's going to be pretty good.
I've been playing it.
Have you guys?
Absolutely.
You might've missed the beginning of the show.
I was talking a bit about it.
Uh, that's all right.
We, we actually, all of us, except Slidekick, you haven't been able to play it, right?
No, not lately, but I did play in like an earlier phase.
Okay.
Yeah.
Yeah.
We've all been playing it.
I, I especially have been playing it.
I, I really love it.
Uh, I have, uh, two classes at 16 on my character that's going to get deleted in
a week anyway, but I'm having a lot of fun just exploring this gorgeous game.
That's very fan servicey.
No.
Did you, you said that the game is going to delete your, uh, your, uh, I don't
know if that's official.
Um, it's, it's out there that right now we're in what's called beta phase three
and they have said that they're going to wipe the characters at the end of beta
phase three.
We just don't know when the end is, but before the original official release of
the game, there is another character wipe slotted because there's going to be beta
phase four, which is open beta where everybody's going to get to play.
And they did say about beta phase four that they're going to try and, uh, let
those characters carry into the live game.
But they did clearly say so that people don't about it.
If it happens, another character wipe at the end of all the betas still may have
to occur.
So we may still be looking at two character wipes.
So don't get too attached to your character, but that's, I mean, considering
they haven't even opened up our arcanist as a job yet.
And I mean, you have to, I think have a 1.0 character or something.
I mean, consider we don't have all of that in there yet.
I'm okay with them.
I mean, it is a beta is a beta, not a demo.
Well, yeah, that's, that's the whole thing.
I think I've been enjoying playing different characters and it's been quite
fun because there's just so many different customizations and, um, that
whole, what do you think about the free company?
That's what I want because a lot of people see that you have link shells as
well, but there's no need for them because you're a free company.
Yeah.
I haven't been able to test that yet because I don't even really understand it
is that you have, uh, you have like the link shells or the little like sub
guilds, but then the free company is like your huge chat channel.
Right.
It's like you have big guilds and little guilds as a part of that.
Right.
Right.
It's so weird.
Basically like it's, it's like, you're able to go ahead and make, make a,
make a group of people a little bit more organized where you can have like
cadets and I'm not too sure, but like people are who are in your officers.
You have like cadets and you have like commanders or some sort of thing like
that and they can basically distribute money and gill and based off of like
their prestige inside the link shell.
I mean inside the free company.
I don't know exactly on too much detail about it, but it's more than just a
glorified link shell though.
My understanding, especially coming from World of Warcraft, which I've played
for a long time and I'm still continuing to play throughout Final Fantasy 14.
You had a lot of big guilds in World of Warcraft that had several rating
groups in it.
In fact, my own guild for a time that I was reading with had infamously to an
extent, two rating groups in it, raid group one and raid group two.
And that actually is what kind of drove that guild apart.
But you know, I would think that maybe with the free company set up, you would
still have like that, but then like each raid team would have its own little
link shell in it for, you know, raid nights and stuff like that.
It's interesting though, the way they're doing that.
Yeah, I do think is going to be great for organization because I don't know how,
well, I do know actually you, you, you played Final Fantasy 11, but you didn't
play it to extent where you were like in an end game.
No, I never got that far.
I played for years and never got a character past like 56.
I think it was the highest I ever got crazy.
All right.
So at the like, so if me, I had a couple of jobs, like it's level 75 and it was
kind of difficult, um, distributing, um, gill and prizes and, um, drops
throughout the several instances like dynamics and stuff like that.
So I think it'll make it a lot easier for people to just know and who is who
going forward.
I'm a little bit worried because of, it's a lot of jobs and you know, things
can get nerfed, like how Lancer got nerfed when Samurai Dragoon tend to go
out of hand.
I don't think you remember that with the Penta thrusts.
Yep, I do.
Yeah.
So it's, I don't know, I'm still waiting.
I mean, like, we'll see how things go.
I mean, uh, did you play the first one?
Yes, I did play 1.0.
I played at the very, very beginning.
I played the beta for 1.0 and then I played, uh, the very, very early version
or when it first came out and I hated it.
And, uh, I tried playing later, uh, after they opened it up and said, all
right, we're not charging a monthly fee anymore.
I want to say it was like January, February the next year.
And it was still like, it just, it wasn't, it was, it made me go back and
play 11 for a little bit.
Wow.
But, um, yeah, I felt the same way.
I mean, it was kind of weird the way the auction house wasn't available.
And, um, there was no, like, no directions.
Crazy.
But, um, okay, quickly, before I let you go, um, what, since you were a player
of 11 for so long, what do you think of 14 having come from 11?
Um, I'm, I'm excited.
Um, I'm taking my time, you know, because, you know, when I played for
the 11, I didn't really know what I was, I wanted to do.
I kind of had like a warrior and we found that we had lack of white mages.
So I had to go back and kind of like build up a white mage.
I'm playing like as many jobs as possible on several different servers
and just trying to get a basic understanding of the game.
I'm pretty sure, I'm pretty sure I want to be a scholar.
So I'm hoping Arcanist is open soon.
Oh God.
I'm hoping they open soon so I can see it before the real game goes live,
but we'll see.
But anyway, I have to let you go, but thank you so much for the call.
Good to hear from you.
And I'll, I'll always talk MMOs with people.
No problem.
Take care.
Take care, buddy.
Bye.
All right.
Good call.
I love hearing from people tonight is people we haven't heard from in a while
night, apparently.
All right.
You all right over there, Loki?
You're giggling.
I love these like battlefield three animated GIFs because it just, I kind of
played even.
Yes.
I want to play it even more because it looks so glitchy.
Sometimes like this guy snipes a jet, makes it blow up in front of his face
and nothing happens.
So a one eight seven seven game or a username on Skype, orange lounge radio,
all one word.
We'll try to squeeze in at least one more call.
I wanted to do a Twitter topic that came in here from a tiger claw,
send us a tweet.
What is it here?
Nintendo defends the rapid release of new Mario game.
Although our phone lines are lighting up our, I'll come back to this in a
minute for now.
Let's go to the Skype line.
Hi, you're on orange launch radio.
Who's this?
Hello.
Hello.
Oh, we have a, we have a CT and Gigi here.
Oh my gosh.
You guys are together.
It's a, it's a cam thing though.
Although all I see is like half of dark Tetsuya's head, but that's okay.
What's up you guys?
Oh, not a whole lot.
You know, just been hanging out, playing a lot of games.
Yeah.
Good times.
Like what games?
I got sucked into unepic.
That game is so fun.
Unepic.
Yeah.
Tell us a little bit about that one.
Um, it's pretty fun.
It's like a dungeon crawler.
Oh, okay.
Cool.
That's like a Metroidvania type thing.
Uh, I'm here for that.
Is that free or is that like?
Um, it's $7.99 on Steam.
Ooh, that's not bad.
All right.
Okay.
I'll, I'll have to write that one down.
Very cool.
So I'm looking at pictures actually.
It does look kind of neat.
It is very Castlevania like with big dragons.
Yeah.
And you can like level up your character with, with, um, each there's a bar at the top that
has like a level leveling system.
And with each level, you can put it into weapons or your, um, or, or yourself, like to get
more, um, stamina and whatnot.
It's pretty fun.
That looks super fun.
I think I am going to check that out.
That's awesome.
Yeah.
Very cool.
So did you guys just call in to get me sucked into a new game and make me spend $8?
Yeah.
Yeah.
Well, congrats.
We're like, we need to suck them into another game.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Cause I haven't been talking about how I've been playing Final Fantasy 14 literally all
weekend long.
Just updated League of Legends.
Oh yeah.
I got time for another one.
That's all right.
Bring it.
Jelly.
I want to get, I was trying to get into the beta, but I don't think I made it.
Good news.
Beta four is going to be open.
Anyone who wants to play can play it.
And then I heard about, um, the pricing system.
Is that already, have they already fixed it or?
Uh, you don't have to pay for it yet, but when the game goes live on August 27th, I
believe it's $12.95 a month is the lower tier.
And then like $14.95 for eight characters or something.
Don't quote me on that.
That seems pretty legit.
Like I think I can work that into my budget because I want that game so bad.
Yeah.
It's going to be fun.
Oh, cause I started playing, um, final fantasy back when seven came out.
So unfortunately I was never able to really play the online ones, but I've been a fan
ever since seven.
Well, there's a lot of fan service in 14.
Yeah.
All right.
Moogles.
All right.
Well you guys, you have fun and uh, go find another game for me to get addicted to.
All right.
Take care guys.
Bye.
Video calls are always fun, even though I can only see like half of each of their head,
but it worked.
All right.
Uh, one eight seven seven game.
All our username on Skype is orange lounge radio.
What do you say?
It's like, Hey, can we try to fit in one more call?
Yeah.
Someone new needs to call someone new.
Someone new.
We'll see.
We'll see what happens when I challenge you.
All right.
Listeners of OLR be somebody new.
Be quick.
Cause there's been a lot of people trying to get through.
That's why I'm going to allow one more call to squeeze in here.
Uh, let's see.
Oh, I was going to read the tiger claw tweet that said Nintendo defends the rapid release
of new Mario games.
Um, quote, who's this quote from Nintendo of America, senior director of corporate communications,
Mario game.
Uh, we think we're putting out the right number of Mario games based on what fans are asking
for based on what our own developers, creative visions are.
The key to that is as long as there's innovation occurring within the gameplay, as long as
there's new features, then marrying the characters and the IPs that people love is the right
call from our standpoint.
But the phone is ringing again, so let's go to it.
Hi.
You're on orange launch radio.
Who's this?
Uh, name and lights.
Name and lights.
Although it's ironic because your icon is just a solid black square.
It is.
Well, at least that's, that's what I'm seeing.
I don't know.
Maybe it's not supposed to be, but yeah, I do not see your name in lights.
That's supposed to be.
Oh, oops.
So well.
All right.
Well, what's on your mind?
This is the first time I've listened to the show live.
Well, I was going to say, I recognize your name, but I don't think you've ever called
well, dark soccer.
There you go.
You got your new person.
Yay.
All right.
Thank you.
Well, uh, what do you think?
Uh, interesting.
Okay.
I've been, I've been listening to the, uh, uh, orange loans for years.
Oh, well, and you, you just now were able to make it to a live show?
Usually busy on Sunday nights?
Uh, normally I'm sleeping.
This is flipping late for me.
Oh my gosh.
We have a lot of people.
Code man said earlier, he was staying up late.
I guess a lot of people maybe for the 4th of July week kind of have a lot less going
on.
I don't know.
You may remember me from a couple of the messages I sent you privately.
Perhaps.
My wife passed away.
Yes, yes, yes I do.
I do.
Of course.
I recognize that and I'm very sorry to hear that.
Yeah, we're Facebook buddies too.
Yeah, we're all Facebook friends.
Yeah.
Yeah.
So well, I just got back in the gaming again.
Yeah.
What have you been playing?
Warcraft.
Like, like old school Warcraft or World of Warcraft?
World of Warcraft.
World of Warcraft.
I'm in the Hoard House Guild.
Yeah, yeah.
No, I knew you were over there in the Hoard House Guild.
Thank you for being loyal to the Hoard House Guild because unfortunately a lot of people
have quit WoW for things like Final Fantasy XIV or League or whatever it is.
For real life.
I mean, I was off a month.
Yeah.
Well, understandably so, but.
I was actually sort of thinking about rebuilding my subscription except that.
Now you have Animal Crossing.
I have Animal Crossing.
Yeah.
What do you like to do in World of Warcraft?
Right now I'm leveling a new monk.
Nice.
I deleted the monk that I was, because my wife used to play.
And she wanted to play, but when she had the stroke, she couldn't see.
So I spent three solid weeks farming for the Vial of the Sands so I could fly her around.
And it literally took me forever.
Yeah, those things were a pain in the ass to get, but they're great for being able to.
Yeah.
And for those that don't know, because not everybody speaks Warcraft, the Vial of the
Sands is a mount that you can basically turn yourself into a dragon, but another player
can ride on your back to get your minds out of the gutter people.
They can ride on your back and you can fly them to places.
So it's really great.
It's like if you have a low level character, you're like, Oh, you need to get to Thunder
Bluff or a town that might be far for you to walk to.
Get on my back.
Let's go.
And it was 300 flying too, so if you had a lower level character, you could still take
him at what, epic speed, right?
Yeah, you could.
Yeah, so when I was off for five weeks taking care of her after the stroke, I upped my Warcraft
and the only thing I did was farm archaeology to get the recipe.
And she passed away three days after I got it.
Hmm.
But at least you got it.
Yeah, I did.
But I never had a chance for her to use it.
I'm sorry to hear that.
So I pretty much stopped.
Wow.
I deleted the monk that I leveled with her and it was tough to get back in.
Yeah.
Has getting in, I hate to dwell on what might be a difficult topic, but has this been a
way for you to kind of help get back into after such a tragedy as video games kind of
helped you a little bit in getting back into what might have been your routine before?
It took a while to get back into it because I was trying to play after she passed away,
but I just couldn't play more than a few minutes without getting irritatedly bored and just
shutting it off.
Yeah.
So I didn't up my account until very recently.
And I named a character after her.
It's a great way to memorialize somebody.
I know of other people that have done that in WoW.
Absolutely.
And I know that even the developers, you know, when people that they were close to that were
involved in the game, they've immortalized them in the game too.
Yes.
There's some really great memorial.
Usually this is more for people that were really part of the WoW community and heavy
raiders and stuff, but they have set up tributes.
Blizzard has kind of done that in the game.
And there's some really great compilations out there on YouTube.
I know somebody that had this for somebody that they were married to.
And yeah, really great when the companies kind of do that.
I mean, it just really emphasizes the community that an MMO game and what really makes those
games great is the community.
So yeah, it's been hard.
This has been the last couple of months have been ridiculously hard.
Right.
Of course.
I'm not even going to sit here and try to imagine, but you know, you got friends here
at OLR and at the voice against network and in out there on in Facebook land and on the
internet that are trying to help you through it.
I hope it's getting a little better every day.
Except for today.
Oh, I got my eviction notice today.
Oh, my God.
I don't know what to say.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I probably should start a support group.
Well, but I don't know.
Yeah.
I need bad news to stop happening to our listeners.
This is this is this is bad.
Gosh, I don't know what we can do to help, but I knew this was coming.
I knew when she passed away, I wasn't going to be able to afford the house that we have.
So what goes around comes around.
So I got the eviction notice.
It opened a beer.
When in doubt, when in doubt, why not?
All right, buddy.
Well, we're all thinking of you.
And good luck pulling through, pulling through, you know.
I mean, I love the show.
I love listening.
I love I love Hoard House.
I'm I'm an avid listener.
This is the first time I've actually had a chance to be up this late.
My buddy was helping me pack up some stuff tonight.
It's the only reason why I'm still up.
Sure.
He took off.
I just decided to turn the show on.
You know, I know you guys, you know, usually end around twelve, one o'clock Eastern time
because I am on the East Coast.
But, you know, I listen to you guys on a regular basis for years now.
I just never have a chance to listen live.
Well, I'm glad you could make it out tonight.
I just wish the circumstances have been a little better.
But, you know, you can send me a message anytime on Facebook.
Not not to be one of those like like super hippie mega happy people.
But, you know, I do believe very much so that when when one door closes, another opens,
like when I was laid off from my job several years ago, it was like the end of the world
to me and I was worried about a lot of things.
But I ended up getting a career I've been at for 12 years now since then.
I mean, I mean, I mean, not to get all preachy and everything when she was happiest ever
as a teacher.
She was teaching CNAs, which is certified nursing assistants.
She loved her job.
She was an RN.
You know, she was two credits away from being a bachelor's.
And, you know, when she lost that job because they changed the qualifications for the job,
I just simply told her that it's like, you know what, I'll support you.
I'll do whatever it takes.
Just, you know, go back to school, get your education
and get more education than the person that just fired you.
And that's what she was going to do.
She was...
Sorry, but...
No, I understand.
Cinco de Mayo.
She wanted to go back to the school.
Well, you're getting a lot of support from our chat room right now.
You know, act deaf saying if there's anything we can help you out with,
the VOG community is there to help you.
E-hugs all around from Degenerate Johnny.
And I know it's really tough.
She was supposed to start school on the 5th,
and I told her that the module wasn't going to open up on the 5th because it was a holiday.
She went to school on Monday and passed away on Tuesday.
Well, you're getting the world's biggest hug from our chat room right now for this,
you know, all over the place.
But how great that you were helping her to achieve this and, you know,
come out of the circumstance better.
And I know wherever she is right now, she's thanking you big time for it.
So getting a lot of really horrible two months.
I know.
I bet I was glad May was over with.
But June is just June's gone.
It is June.
Oh, it is July, isn't it?
Tomorrow.
Well, today for East Coast.
Yeah, it's just she went back to school one day.
But you helped her get back to school.
You did.
Well, all she wanted to do was become a teacher.
And you know what?
My mom was a teacher, so it's a great profession.
I'm actually a corporate trainer.
It's a great profession.
It's an admirable thing.
I love my job.
Absolutely.
Well, I'm going to let you go.
Sure.
All right.
I'll try to listen again live again when the dust settles and I'll stay in touch.
All right.
Please do stay on Facebook.
I will.
Okay.
All right.
You take care.
We're all thinking of you.
All right.
Bye bye.
Bye.
Oh, how's that?
Tough call.
I need someone to cut.
Quick, Loki.
I need a fart joke.
Quick, help me.
You know what?
Know what?
I have happy, happy because look at the chat room.
I mean, yeah, for real.
Seriously, for real.
And you know, there's even I'm sure a lot of people are like, wow, that was a heavy call.
And yes, it was a heavy call.
But when we say when we say we're there for people, we kind of like mean it and shit.
So.
And the biggest thing that me that I like to do for people is I like to find if there's
a tough situation, I like to find research, everything that has to do with it and offer
options because especially when you're in the middle of a situation, there's not always
things that occur to you when you're in that situation.
And like when Dan and I were, you know, you because, you know, when we got our notice
for the house that we were staying in rent free, we had to move like in a week and it
was people helping us and giving us options that opened the door for us, too.
So, yeah, any if you need to bounce any ideas, if you need just someone outside the situation
to help you see it clearly, let me know.
I'm happy to help.
I'm getting a little verklempt.
I have to admit it's not just the call.
I mean, but just just everything I'm seeing in chat right now is just amazing for Bobby
to be, you know, something.
Yeah.
There was a big net split.
So we just lost like a quarter of the chat room, unfortunately.
But, you know, yay, tech issues.
Hooray.
But what was I gonna say with that?
My train of thought is derailing.
This was going to say is that earlier you had that story about the kid who said the
stupid thing on the Internet and ended up in jail.
And we have a lot of these words going around the Internet sometime.
And I would never expect this of people listening to the show.
But I think one thing we need to keep in mind is that, you know, some people are playing
video games to kind of escape reality, such as the very difficult thing that he just shared
with us, which is not an easy thing to get on some radio show and talk about what happened.
So, you know, I commend him for being able to do that and keeping it together even as
much as he did.
But you never know who's going to be on the other end of that game you're playing in that
MMO or on that Xbox Live.
So, you know, have a little decency for each other.
And, you know, anyway.
Just think, do you want it being said to you?
And even more, do you want it being said to someone you care about?
So, because there's people who can take it, but they don't take it when it's somebody
that they care about.
So, yeah, just think about it that way.
All right.
Well, anyhow, do we have any other last minute stories to try and transition us back onto
the video game news we were talking about earlier?
I think, oh, yeah, I got through the Twitter topic, which was the only one that we got.
But they're selling an Earthbound Zero reproduction NES cart.
It's an English translated ROM of, you know, the game Mother.
And, of course, it never came out over here.
And I guess it's been, I don't know who's doing the reproduction of it or if it even
works.
Wasn't that the one that had the piracy enabled, though, that would let the piracy of the
anti-piracy thing that would like that was shut down the game?
Yeah, no, I know that would get harder.
But I thought Earthbound Zero even had the prototype ROM was infamous for having these
game breaking bugs in it.
But maybe the hackers fix that.
I don't remember.
It's been so long.
Hackers gonna hack.
It seems like it was so long ago that that all.
Yeah, I'm not sure if it actually does anything or if it's just a reproduction of the original.
I don't know what to say.
I never played Mother, but I always heard it was kind of a glitchy game to begin with,
like actual version.
Like, you mean the Earthbound that was on the SNES here?
Mother, Mother, I think because it wasn't finished, it was still glitchy.
Yes, absolutely.
All right.
Well, that does it for the Skype line tonight.
That does it for our Twitter topics.
I think that did it for the last minute stories as well, unless you have anything else to
surprise me with over there.
No, I know.
Okay.
I love all the Hello Kitty everywhere.
Yeah, you can thank Slidekick for some of that.
Slidekick, I want to thank you for being here.
Thank you so much for having me.
You know, I've been listening for years and I'm so glad that I finally was able to come
up and get on the show.
11 years.
You really and you really got to run the gauntlet of an OLR show tonight from the Dick and Fart
jokes and the stuff at the beginning.
It's just some real heavy stuff there at the end.
So it's like you got a whole two years worth of OLR emotions in one show.
So congratulations.
Every gamer has their voice here.
So thank you.
Yes, that's what we strive for.
So best of luck with your project.
Congratulations.
You've made it a year on gamebuoy.org.
Thank you.
And I look forward to sharing the stage with you at GamerX.
It'll be a lot of fun.
And it'll be my honor.
Everybody else.
Aw, shucks.
One more time with the plugs.
How can they find your fine show?
We're over at gamebuoy.org and you can find all our social links over there.
You can find us on iTunes.
It's game and buoy.
B-U-O-Y.
And I relinked your website on my Tumblr post.
When I did my pitch of the show today.
So you can also find it there.
We love OLR.
We love all our OLR listeners.
You know, we're usually in chat when OLR is going on.
So if you haven't checked us out yet, we'd love to hear from you.
And hope you enjoy what you hear.
We love indie podcasts, period.
I mean, I don't want to sound shady or anything, but do you think some of the corporate
cast out there could have done some of these calls we did tonight?
No.
You know, I have to do that's the difference, y'all.
That's the difference.
We might have to get Alan in here because Tim TRP in chat says we demand a fabulous
Flames reunion show.
Where's Alan?
Oh, I think he ran outside or something.
Damn.
All right.
I mean, the heat.
Yeah, maybe.
Maybe he's trying to figure out how to make it cooler in here.
All right.
Well, we do have.
Here he is.
Oh, Alan, when's the fabulous Flames reunion show, which definitely look that up on iTunes,
y'all.
It's one week after I'm in, I win $50 billion in the lottery.
We're going to win the lottery.
Yay.
All right.
That's it.
Alan, did you have a final thought for the listeners tonight before you run out?
I still think it may actually be a few degrees hotter outside than it is in here.
Sweet Jesus.
When am I?
When did I move to Phoenix?
All right.
You know what's happening, by the way, next Sunday for me, we're on the house hunt.
Oh, good luck.
Which may also, which may end up being a new dedicated studio.
That would be nice.
Not going to complain.
So.
All right.
Let's go around and get everybody's final thoughts so we can wrap up and head on out of here.
Again, Slidekick, thank you for being here.
Do you have an official final thought for our listeners tonight?
I want a burger.
Oh my God.
So do I.
I'm so hungry.
Burgers are pretty fucking good.
I gotta say.
I'm going to hit the drive-through on my way home.
All right.
Get it, girl.
Yeah.
You got 30 minutes to get to Pinkberry.
Ooh, girl.
All right.
Loki, uh, you're packing up.
You're ready to go.
Good luck with all your, uh, uh, disease and everything.
Hope you're cured by next week.
Make sure that you find those rats that gave you the bubonic plague.
Okay.
All right.
At least it's not herpes.
Uh, your final thought tonight.
And here's only with weather.
It's hot.
My final thought is that if you live in Northern California, you should make plans to come see
Clue at the Colonial Theater in Sacramento on July 27th.
I'm playing Colonel Mustard.
It'll be fun.
Yes, I do.
Did you finally find a tie?
I do others too.
I ordered one online.
Yes.
It's not perfect, but it's, it's, I had to get one that's a little more yellow than his
in the movie, but he is Colonel Mustard, right?
And he will be like under the screen.
Exactly.
That's what I figure.
And, and, uh, my director who happens to be the cohost of another show on this network
is like, you know what?
I'm at the point where just get it close.
And I can't, I can't blame her for that.
All right.
Um, last but not least, Dark Soccer, your final thoughts tonight?
I actually have an appetite tonight.
Like I had French toast this morning and I thought I wouldn't be hungry all day.
I'm actually hungry right now.
All right.
Get some Pinkberry girl.
All right.
That's it you guys.
Thank you very much for listening to Orange Lounge Radio and supporting independent podcasting.
It's much more than just some silly little radio show with a bunch of dick and fart jokes.
I hope tonight's show proved that for y'all.
Have a wonderful night and we'll see you next time.
Good night.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is a production of OLR Studios.
To join us for a live show, tune into vog network.com Sunday nights at 6 PM Pacific,
9 PM Eastern.
The views and opinions expressed in this program do not necessarily reflect those of the staff
of Orange Lounge Radio or VOG Network, but you know they were all still true.
See you next week.
Bye.
