Orange Lounge Radio
Who's your hosts? DarkSakura, Skie, and Loki
Tonight, June 16th, 2013, we discuss the highlights and lowlights of E3 with our listeners.
One company sues another over Duke Nukem Forever.
And could a free-to-play game from Nintendo be in the works?
Orange Lounge Radio
Hello my friends out there on the internet and welcome back to another week of the show where every gamer has a voice.
It is Orange Lounge Radio, episode number 508 for this June 16th, 2013.
My name is Rob Roberts, here with you every week with my co-hosts.
Say hello first off to the one and only DarkSakura or Jamie Summers.
Thank you for the coffee, it's delicious.
You're welcome. You caffeinated and ready to go?
Oh yes.
This week's show tonight, also say hello to Tech Master Loki.
Hi.
Sorry to hear about the Minecraft server.
Eh.
We'll get into that later.
It was a huge week this week and we're not going to fuck around, we're just going to get right into it tonight.
So, honestly, probably one of those huge historical moments in gaming this week.
Let's relive this moment real quick.
In addition to creating an amazing library of new titles on PlayStation 4, we're equally focused on delivering what gamers want most without imposing restrictions or devaluing their PS4 purchases.
For instance, PlayStation 4 won't impose any new restrictions on the use of PS4 gamers.
Let's see how long that applause goes on.
Yep.
That's not just the fanboys in the upper ring, that's the journalists too, who can't contain themselves.
Guess that's a good thing.
Oh, and...
We believe in the model that people embrace today with PlayStation 3 and continue to demand.
Just heard you there.
When a gamer buys a PS4 disc, they have the rights to use that copy of the game.
They can trade in the game at retail, sell it to another person, lend it to a friend, or keep it forever.
Bullet.
Bullet.
Bullet.
Bullet.
That was...
Wow.
Some guy standing and cheering in there.
Sit down, fanboy.
Well, and don't forget over at the Microsoft area where they're watching, this enormous sound of...
Which was a million pants moving.
In addition, PlayStation 4 disc-based games don't need to be connected online to play.
Or for any type of authentication.
If you enjoy playing single-player games offline, PS4 won't require you to check in online periodically.
And it won't stop working if you haven't authenticated within 24 hours.
Sick burn.
Bam.
In the jugular.
That was huge because that was a direct target response to Microsoft right there.
In the 11 years I've been looking at the modern E3, when I say modern E3, I mean like when we've been able to watch the streaming things and all this.
And the show is turning 11 next week.
And all the years I've been watching E3 that closely, I have never seen anything like that.
Where one company systematically takes down the policies of another.
Like, not since the...
I mean, I remember back in the Sega Nintendo days, things would get ugly.
You know, Genesis does, Nintendo don't.
And even the turbo graphics, you know.
Blast processing.
Does all this stuff.
I mean, like, you know, they used to be at each other's throats a lot more.
Not saying that in the modern era it's been civil, but everybody kind of stays off each other's toes.
This...
This was huge.
And then...
And then they're like, oh hey, you like this cake right here?
Well then I got some icing for you too.
That's right, we're only gonna be $3.99.
Dear Microsoft, these are your cornflakes. Watch as we piss in them.
So, like many of you out there, Dark Soccer and I were watching this together.
And honestly, during this part of the press conference, my jaw's on the floor because I did not expect...
Well, like many of you, and we even said it on the show last week, we expected Sony to go down a similar path.
Never in my life have I been happier to be wrong.
I think I go on record saying that I didn't think that...
Don't make me dig up the archive of last week's show.
I said I wasn't sure, but I didn't think they would.
Well, it is what it is.
They didn't go down that same path, and many would say they won E3 because of it.
And never mind the negatives in Sony's press conference.
I'm not trying to sound like a fanboy here.
I will get to some of the positives of Microsoft's in a minute here, because yes, I do believe there are some positives.
But as far as the Sony things go, never mind the whole...
By the way, PlayStation Plus, yeah, is the only way you're going to be able to play online multiplayer now.
I mean, it's glossed right by that. Nobody cares because they squashed the other thing.
Never mind barely a wink and a nod to the PlayStation Vita.
It's the place for indie developers to be at.
But no price cut to announce, nothing really else to announce this time.
Never mind that whole thing.
You know, Sony addressed the things that the people on the internet really wanted to hear the most about, and got everybody talking because of it.
And actually what's kind of funny is I think, if I remember correctly, in between the whole talking about their policies and stuff like that, and the price point, wasn't there like,
Oh, by the way, here's Final Fantasy XV. Oh, and Kingdom Hearts III. You know, that type of thing.
Yeah, and going to our chat room, I always have to acknowledge the live folks.
We do tape live every Sunday night, 6 o'clock Pacific, 9 o'clock Eastern, right after the Bobby Black Wolf show at the Voice Geeks Network, voggenetwork.com.
We have our live chatters, Shadownextgen in chat saying,
Sony did a masterful job of misleading people in that conference. I give Sony PR a huge amount of credit.
Yeah, things like Kingdom Hearts III, Final Fantasy XV, again, Jaws on the floor.
Those weren't exclusive games. We all know that now.
And they never said they were exclusive games, but now we associate that with PlayStation 4, because those guys were on stage at the Sony press conference.
And there's many, I think there are many people that are like, where they were meant to be played.
Well, and in PlayStation Plus too is, you know, Rocio was saying $5 a month. It's actually cheaper than that, because it's $40, or $50 a year.
So, it's even cheaper than Xbox Live Gold.
Which, what would $50 get you on Gold?
It's about the same. It's close. It's about the same.
How much is Gold per month? I thought it was more than that.
To be fair, Microsoft tried to raise the bar at their own press conference by saying, we're going to start giving away games with an Xbox Gold subscription.
Fable 3 is already up, and then they announced, what, Halo 3 and Assassin's Creed 2, which I know a lot of you guys are like, snore, I already own those games.
Here's the thing, though, and it's only up until the Xbox One launches, though, not afterwards. So, it's kind of lame.
I mean, it's cool if you're buying a 360 for, like, Grand Theft Auto 5 or something like that, and you get your one month free of Gold, and you can go download all these extra games. I mean, that's kind of cool.
Here's the thing, too, is that what a way Sony has come from 2006, when they were the laughing stock of E3, right? Remember, $599 US dollars? Attack the crab's weak point for massive damage.
They did make a joke about that.
Oh, yeah, then the guy had that joke about that. And then, what does Sony do in their press conference? Attack Microsoft's weak points for massive damage. Literally. That's what happened.
Yeah, I mean, I seriously thought when they announced that the price point was $499, you know, when Microsoft did that, it was kind of like, oh, here's Sony's press conference all over again, you know?
And the biggest thing that really, in my opinion, even bigger than the press conference, sticking it to Microsoft, was that YouTube that instantly showed up, floating around with the two guys, what, Yoshida and the other guy from PlayStation, doing the tutorial on how to share used games.
I don't see shade like that thrown outside of an episode of RuPaul's Drag Race. That was some massive shade on Sony's part. Bravo.
Well, and then, of course, you know, it immediately was turned into a series of animated gifs for the internet.
Oh, I'm sorry, just Tumblr has been hilarious all week, all because of seeing everything being repeated.
Let's go back to Microsoft for a minute. Can anyone here at the table think about some positive, before we get into where did Microsoft screw up, let's get into some positives from Microsoft's press conference. What do you think are some positives out of this whole thing?
They had some good games to show off. There are some exclusive games that look kind of cool, like, was it Sunset Overdrive looked pretty awesome. I mean, that looks like a pretty, it's basically, hey, this is the game right here that was supposed to be Fuse, but, you know, Fuse ended up being some generic third-person shooter.
Now, this is the game that, you know, I guess, not Fuse, it was Overstrike, I think what it was. So, it was supposed to be Overstrike, but now it's this game, and it looks pretty sweet.
It's like this very stylized, it reminded me a lot of that Unreal 4 demo, or I guess it's not demo, the actual game, Unreal 4 game, Fortnite, kind of reminded me of that, you know, versus, like, zombies and stuff, but very, you know, stylized.
So, that looked cool. Dead Rising 3, I guess, looks alright. I'm not a huge fan of the shift in tone in the game to more serious. It's kind of, eh.
I guess Mirror's Edge, but that wasn't necessarily at their conference, that was more of EA's, but Mirror's Edge, you know, looks awesome.
And then, not really actually even part of their conference at all, but more clarification on their policy stuff, that 10 friend-sharing thing, where you can have different circles of friends, and basically, you know, I buy a copy of, like, 4 is a 5 or something like that,
and I can play the game at the same time as one of my friends can play the game off of my library that I'm sharing. So, that's kind of cool, in that you can share a bunch of games, but at the same time, it's like,
I thought the whole reason that you're having this stuff where you can't, you know, sell used, you know, easily, is to prevent used sales, but the same, you're basically encouraging people not to buy games, because you can just play, you know, if you have a thousand friends, each one has a library shared with you,
you know, say you have 10 friends, and they have, you know, we're all sharing library of games, you know, or you have 10 different rings or circles or whatever, friends, you could basically be playing, like, all these games without having to buy them, you know, I don't know, it's kind of a weird strategy.
I'm gonna say something nice about Microsoft that I actually might get a little bit of shit for, because I'm sure not everybody will agree with me, but I actually thought overall their exclusives looked better than the PlayStation 4 exclusives,
yet I walked out of there still pre-ordering a PlayStation 4, because I think the third-party stuff that is on both systems, combined with everything we already got into last week about what I don't like about Microsoft's DRM.
But what was exclusive, though, that they were showing off?
On Microsoft, Killer Instinct, which I realize is getting its own bit, but I'm interested enough. Quantum Break looked great. The game that you just checked, the Sunset Overdrive looks really good.
Halo 5, I know not everybody's into first-person shooters, but I do like Halo games, so I'm here for Halo.
And there was one other one that's escaping me right now. Oh, the Crimson Dragon, the Panzer Dragoon sequel that they basically...
Quiet Dragon.
The one that they went back and just basically redid for Xbox One that they had announced at a previous press conference. I mean, there was a lot of good exclusives, whereas I look at Sony and I go,
I'm not really into Infamous, and they all look okay. I'll play them, but I'm not as excited as I was for maybe the Xbox One exclusives.
But what's really selling me is A, the fact that I will own my games on Sony and that whole takedown, and B, the third-party stuff is what I'm really here for,
the Kingdom Hearts and a lot of this other stuff that is going to end up being on both consoles.
Final Fantasy XIV, I'll probably end up picking up on PlayStation 4 and so on and so on.
So, let's talk about... Well, actually, I want to say two. I don't think the $4.99 price is as bad as everyone's making it out to be.
Granted, Sony stuck it to them with the $3.99 price. I think they had a huge advantage by going second, that they probably had three or four PowerPoint slides ready to go with whatever would undercut Microsoft.
And that's what they pulled out of their hat.
I think also that the really big negative is that whole thing with it listening, especially with the whole NSA scandal going out right about now.
Absolutely. We did touch on that a little bit last week, which still hasn't really been resolved. Loki?
Well, I was going to say the one thing, speaking of having Kinect 2.0 or whatever bundled with the system, they didn't really show me any reason.
In fact, they pretty much didn't show any games that utilized Kinect. I don't know if they had a trailer for Fantasia during their conference,
but even the games that were supposed to be for Kinect originally, Rise, for example, is now a regular controlled game.
That Crimson Dragon game, supposed to be a Kinect game, now it's just uses a regular controller.
It's like all these games now are sidestepping the use of Kinect, yet they're saying,
This is integral. You need to have Kinect in there for what reason? You're not using it in any of these games in a meaningful way.
That's my problem with it.
Let's talk about where Microsoft fucked up, because there's a couple key points that really is just fucking them up.
And it's not even just the DRM thing. I mean, obviously that's one of them.
But I think the big thing with that is that Microsoft honestly thinks they're trying to be progressive with this.
There was a really great interview that came out about this, and the interview was with Phil Spencer,
who I think kind of knows a little better how to talk to the media and so forth.
And he talks about this. He says, quote,
You want your library to move with you. You want your friends list to move with you.
We think the investment in live that we've made over the last eight years has been really important to growing that capability.
And when you think your gaming library, associated with your identity, is an incredibly important thing,
we're going through that transition right now, and gamers will come along.
Any other device that you own, your library is digital.
Frankly, if you're on the PC or a Steam customer or an App Store customer on iOS devices,
this is how you think about your library of content.
That's mistake number one Microsoft made.
They believe their competition with this device is Apple, which is fair.
Apple's a huge dominating thing. Everybody wants a piece of that. Somebody wants to take them down.
But while Microsoft had their eyes on Apple, and we're going to copy all these things people do,
because people eat this Apple shit up.
While Microsoft had their eyes fixated on that, they failed to recognize what was coming up right behind them.
Why did they fail to recognize what was coming up right behind them?
Because my digital library of Xbox Live Arcade games is unable to move with me to the next system.
It's stuck behind. Same with my current library of games. I can't move with the new system.
Whereas on the PlayStation 4, once the Gaikai service launches, I will be able to move with my digital purchases.
Or at least some of them, and it will probably slowly roll out.
Here's the other problem, and I believe this to be a way bigger deal than some of you may think,
but I think Microsoft made a huge mistake getting rid of all their community outreach people,
which they did some time ago.
Remember when they got rid of all the people that were doing the Xbox TV thing,
and they got rid of the Gamerscore blog, and they got rid of a lot of their community outreach people?
Oops. Microsoft forgot how to talk to the community.
Hence the embarrassment that's now on par with Sony's 2006 press conference,
when they forgot how to talk to the community.
Luckily, Sony's got their mojo back. Maybe Microsoft will get it back in a couple years.
But they screwed up with that. They don't know how to talk.
Again, this is all boardroom decisions. This is what gamers want.
Gamers want iOS functionality in their console.
Hey, you have shitty internet?
iOS games are also 99 cents. Sorry, Loki.
And if you have shitty internet, you buy a 360.
That's our option for you, because the Xbox One needs to be connected.
Or if you're in another country.
Yes, or another country. Here's the other great thing about that, too.
He was like, well, you have to understand, you know, you're not going to buy a cell phone if you don't have cell service.
The problem is, your device, it's not a device that, like, I don't buy internet so that my game console works.
You know, a phone, you buy to access the phone network.
This is a, you know, internet's used for your PC, for TV stuff, for your phone, for whatever.
It's a multi, I mean, it's like saying, well, you don't, you know, it's like plugging into the wall and getting power for stuff.
It's not just for one thing.
So, saying that, oh, well, you know, perhaps if you have terrible internet, then you guess you don't need this new console.
I just think it's kind of dumb to limit themselves like that.
And many other ways that they're limiting themselves.
Also, he comes out and sounds like a complete, or I forget who it was, Phil Spencer, I think, comes out and sounds like a complete jackass.
You know, when he's like, I don't even know.
You know, he was talking about like, you know, oh, you know, someone was telling me that their friend works on a, you know, nuclear sub and stuff.
I don't even know what that means.
Actually, I was going to bring that up next.
That was a huge faux pas on Microsoft's part.
That was Don Mattrick actually that said that.
Don Mattrick, my man.
And I predict he will be replaced within 365 days because somebody's going to take the fall for this crap and it's going to be him.
He will be replaced within 365 days because somebody's going to take the fall for this and it's going to be him.
And I'm sorry, Xbox fanboys.
I know there's many of you saying, oh, it could still win.
They could still win the holiday season.
I honestly don't think so.
They've already lost the holidays.
It's too late to reverse course.
Corporations don't know how to talk off script.
It's going to take a miracle for Microsoft to pull out the holiday at this point.
Xbox fans, your biggest sticking point right now, honestly.
A, ask a Nintendo fan how to deal with six months of bullshit coming from the internet because, you know, you can take comfort with them.
But we'll get to Nintendo in a minute.
And B, stick to the exclusives because that's the big thing that Microsoft has going for it right now is that you won't be able to play a lot of that stuff.
Halo 5 is huge and you won't be able to play it anymore.
Well, on top of that, too, like, you know, these retailers or whatever.
Now that Sony is not following suit with the Xbox One, guess where they're pushing the customers that are preordering stuff.
Where their bigger margins are.
PlayStation 4.
So you have that working against them as well.
Unless, you know, they change their mind.
But I think even a lot of people are like saying, hey, you know what?
Even if they change their mind and, you know, you know, reverse their decision on this stuff, I'm still not going to support them because they took this stance in the first place.
And what kind of bullshit are they trying to put us through?
Shadow Next Gen in chat says the Internet is a vocal minority.
They don't matter in the grand scheme of things.
Okay, let's talk about my coworkers who have already decided they won't be buying an Xbox One.
Or the random employee at Disneyland that saw we were coming from E3 that was talking to my friend and I about stuff and how he's been an Xbox fanboy all this time and does not plan to get an Xbox One.
The Internet may be a vocal minority, but the little ripple starts here and the tidal wave can crash.
Or relatives of mine who all they do is play Farmville, but they saw enough.
The Internet is really not the minority you like to think it is.
You may have more vocal people in the minority, but the majority of people who are in the consumer market are going to have access to the Internet and see this information.
End of story.
And here's something that came from one of those stupid courses.
I'm sorry, I hate to say this, Rob, because I know this is what you do.
But you know those little team building courses that you do at work?
One of them was called being an advocate.
And for every one person that complains, there are eight other people who do not.
Who still have that same opinion, who will be swayed by the one that complains.
And then RossDielUT in our chat room even points out, and I was going to bring this up, but this shit even got on Rachel Maddow's blog, who was bashing the fact that...
I love her.
Well, despite however you feel about her with politics and everything, the fact that she is working for MSNBC, her show is on MSNBC, and she's basically bashing what was said about the whole fact that you won't be able to play it on a nuclear submarine.
And the whole fact that basically the Xbox is giving the finger to the military and all this stuff.
I mean, that was a huge faux pas.
And don't forget about the other jokes.
Yeah.
Alright.
One other thing I want to bring up that is a key failure on Microsoft's part, and if Microsoft can pull out the holiday, this is the only way they're going to be able to do it.
And that is the fact that the Xbox One is married to Kinect.
And it says a lot when not a single game at that press conference, not one of them, used Kinect.
I know there were some on the show floor with Just Dance 2014 and the Fantasia game.
And some of the games that they did show did support it, but it wasn't shown.
Exactly.
So what's the big fucking deal about Kinect, and why is there going to be one force included with every single system?
Because I'll bet you the way that PlayStation got the price of their console down to $399 is A, they're going to shaft you on memory storage, B...
500 gigabytes on the hard drive.
On the $399 version?
Yep.
There is only one version.
It's $399.
Really?
They're not going to try to put out a $499?
Nope.
Wow.
Okay, color me surprised.
But they definitely are not including the PlayStation Eye and stuff.
And on top of that, it is upgradeable, just like the PlayStation 3.
But the Eye and all that stuff, nowhere to be seen.
Eye is $60.
Separate.
Yeah.
Even so, that's not enough to bump it up a whole hundred bucks.
Yeah.
So I think the only way that Microsoft is going to be able, especially with all this negative perception Kinect has right now in the backlash,
I really think the only way Microsoft is going to be able to pull the holidays out is to drop the price of the console a hundred bucks, detach itself from Kinect.
And now we can have a debate about are the exclusives worth the DRM restrictions and yada, yada, yada.
I still don't know that that's going to be enough.
For me, it still won't be, honestly.
But you never know.
I mean, I think the internet is speaking loud and clear.
The gamer fan base is upset.
I don't think a corporation like Microsoft can move fast enough, but we'll see.
Well, and on top of that, just in the general way they've disrespected their user base,
I wouldn't give them my money until I could buy one second hand that would assure that they wouldn't get that money.
And on top of that, a lot of the stuff that they were-
Might be a bit much.
Well, you know what? No, I do that stuff. You know me.
There were some games that they showed that were Xbox exclusive, and I'm not just talking about Xbox One,
both Xbox One and Xbox 360.
Like, for example, the new Plants vs. Zombies game, which looks pretty sweet.
Whatever. You know what? I don't care. It looks fantastic.
And so that'll be one I want to pick up on Xbox 360 when it comes out later on.
And Titanfall was another one that was, I think, Xbox One, Xbox 360 exclusive.
Hell, I have a 360. I'm going to be gaming on it for a long time, credit without a five.
So I'm not worried about all these games coming out that, you know, may be only on the Xbox platforms,
because I have an Xbox platform. I'm just, you know-
I just- I'm not going to buy two next-gen consoles.
And not necessarily because I just don't like- I mean, I don't really like the policies that they have with Xbox One,
but I can't afford two consoles right now like that.
And I did- I bought all three this generation, and I play one of the three, so I'm not going to throw away my money like that.
Just buy one, and then when they drop their price and release a Grand Theft Auto 6 or something like that,
that's exclusive to Xbox One, which will never happen, but then we can talk about it.
BloodJunk makes a good point that Titanfall is also on PC.
Yeah, but my laptop can't run that.
But my computer can.
Before we get into our gaming weeks and covering the rest of the news tonight,
and ultimately getting to your calls at 1877 Game OLR and your further chat comments and so forth,
I don't- we've been very focused on Microsoft versus Sony, as a lot of people have.
I don't want to ignore Nintendo, because obviously, you know, that's a console too,
and they had their own set of expectations going into E3.
How did we all feel about Nintendo?
I'll start with Nintendo's biggest critic in the room. Loki, how did you feel about what Nintendo-
There was nothing surprising from them.
Honestly, because all the stuff that we knew was coming, they basically announced.
There wasn't anything like, oh, hey, I didn't see that.
Okay, the only game I didn't know that was coming was a new Donkey Kong game,
and I was like, poof, who cares?
You know, we just had a Donkey Kong game come out.
I don't really care. This looks exactly like the other one, except, oh, now we go and it's 3D,
and it goes into the background, and then who gives a shit?
Mario Kart 8 looks nice, and, you know, the gimmick of, you know, the gravity thing looks cool,
and there's going to be some interesting tracks, but it doesn't look like it plays that different,
so I'm not too excited about that, and usually Mario Kart sells me systems.
I mean, I bought all the other Nintendo systems from Mario Kart,
but I just don't really care anymore about it.
Smash Brothers looked kind of cool, and some of the new characters that they're announcing are kind of,
it's neat, I like how they're going with that.
Bayonetta 2 just kind of, it was all right, but when's that coming out? No idea.
Well, 2014, but that could be Christmas 2014.
Originally, it was supposed to be 2013, so I don't know.
Zelda Wind Waker HD just doesn't look like they've really done a lot to it.
They didn't really add anything to it, other than, you know, now you can travel the seas faster.
Well, and that Accel Shaded game looks a lot better on HD, but, you know.
I'm still disappointed, though, that a system that plays Wii games isn't able to up-res those things.
Yeah, here's the thing about Nintendo for me.
You know, I'm a Wii U owner, and originally when I walked away from the Nintendo Direct,
which was a mess in itself to watch, and I hope to hell Nintendo just streams with another partner next year,
because the Ustream thing was embarrassing, how horrible that was to watch.
But anyway, all that aside, when you really kind of looked at the news itself,
a lot of it was just kind of par.
You know, I'm not like, I wasn't like, woo, Nintendo, like super excited.
I mean, certainly the couple games that I was excited about, I'm really excited about.
Mario Kart 8 looks killer. The new Mario 3D World, which, I don't get the 3D, not on a 3DS.
But whatever, okay, whatever.
And Cats.
I forgive it, because it's got the floating princess and Luigi legs again, whatever. And Cats.
And X looked good.
Yeah, and so, you know, yeah, that's all stuff that's cool.
And then I was kind of like, that's a lot of 2014 stuff.
That's the thing that kind of concerned me about it, is that it's not that the games don't look good,
because they all do look really good, and, you know, hey, it's Nintendo.
But I was kind of like, man, I kind of wanted Nintendo to really have a come-from-behind holiday,
and they're going to really kick some butt this holiday season.
And I'm kind of like, maybe they'll kick butt in 2014,
because they didn't announce a price drop or anything to really move those consoles this season.
They have the same fucking lineup they had, well, two years ago with the 3DS.
A new Mario 3D Land and Mario Kart.
It's seriously, they're just repeating the steps.
So what, are we going to get a price drop? Same strategy as the 3DS.
But those games are enough to make me want to go out and buy a Wii U, assuming I had the funds for it.
Wait a second, that's actually exactly their strategy, because there's also another new Mario,
or, I'm sorry, new Luigi U game in August.
Smash Brothers.
Yeah, but Smash Brothers is not until 2014.
Yeah, but I don't care, that makes me want a Wii U.
It's literally the exact same lineup as, like, 2011 for the 3DS on the Wii U.
It's, like, exactly.
And this is my I don't care face, I want one.
I didn't get to finish my thought completely, and now people in chat are like, Rob, you're wrong.
The thing is, is that even if Nintendo chooses not to drop the price of their console,
which I don't think is the smartest decision, but okay, if they don't do it,
there's still the cheapest option out there at the holiday season.
And I think there are a lot of families that aren't informed on this whole Microsoft versus Sony thing,
and are simply going to go for the cheapest option that the thing is for their kids.
Because, you know, yes, the Mario games are going to speak to certain people and so forth.
But, this is where I'm torn, because that argument should have worked last year.
See, that's my problem.
We had a Mario game last year, and the console still didn't sell.
Okay, so we have a couple more this year, but we don't have anything else to really push it.
So you're just telling me that more of the same is going to move more consoles.
I'm not, I mean, I'm skeptical.
And I'm not rooting against Nintendo.
I really hate that all these publishers are abandoning Nintendo.
I think they're being dicks about it.
But, I want to see Nintendo do better, but I just kind of, I feel like,
I didn't really get it from them how they're going to light a fire under the Wii U.
That's what was frustrating for me.
Let's see, going to our chat room at live.vognetwork.com.
FrosteelUT says, Rob, Nintendo had a good holiday season.
The problem is that after holiday it was dead.
Well, I mean, that's a problem.
And I would argue it didn't have a holiday season like Wii's or Xbox 360's when it launched.
It had a pretty decent launch, but the thing was that,
yeah, there were no games for like three months after it came out,
and a lot of them were ports of older games.
And we could very well see that kind of line up,
although they're going to have Wii Fit U, big deal.
And I don't even know what they're going to have for the first quarter of 2014.
So, yeah, there is a lot of stuff that, who knows where this is,
they're going to be coming out.
Koopakit Jeremy in chat says, third party games would sell more
if they took the time to make the games comparable to PlayStation 3 and 360.
Injustice is a good example. No DLC for Wii U owners.
Actually, Mass Effect 3 was the same way.
Yeah, something's up there.
Like, is something fucked up with Nintendo Network
where DLC isn't as easy to do or something,
because why do we keep seeing these subpar games that, you know,
they launch and it's eh, and then they're like piss poorly supported after launch?
Mass Effect 3 is a great example. It's not a better experience on Wii U.
It had nothing to carry over on top of that.
All the things that made playing 3 actually kind of mildly worthwhile
was carrying over your previous game data,
and it didn't even have a good version to do that.
Anyway, I want to move on to the other stories and so forth,
but I do want to say, like, on a positive note for Nintendo,
I think one other thing to keep in mind when I'm talking about that,
you know, I'm not seeing enough or whatever.
One thing that should be noted is that one thing Nintendo has been doing right
is that they're doing more of those Nintendo directs,
and they did already put out some surprises that would usually be an E3 thing, right?
The Zelda 3D on 3DS and so forth.
3DS fucking rules right now. Like, as far as handhelds go,
I mean, PlayStation is phoning in the Vita, 3DS is Amazeballs,
Animal Crossing, Zelda, Smash Brothers.
I mean, 3DS is fucking where it's at for handhelds right now if you're, like, a gamer.
Like, that's one thing Nintendo ain't doing wrong.
It just took them a long time to get there.
But, you know, a lot of that stuff kind of came out before,
so I'm hoping that maybe there's another Nintendo Direct in a month
that has some other stuff to get us excited.
I know there's some news coming up later that maybe Nintendo hasn't played all their cards right now,
so that will be interesting to see play out.
All right. Any other thoughts on the big three before we get into our gaming weeks quickly and gaming news and all that?
Ubisoft. Like always, Ubisoft had a lot of cool stuff to show at their press conference,
and I always kind of think that, you know, being able to take E3 each year,
they showed off, what was it, The Crew, which looked pretty awesome,
like an open world burnout type game, which is pretty sweet,
and then they also had the new Tom Clancy game, Division,
or The Division, that looked pretty cool as well,
like that MMO that ties in with, like, the iPad and stuff.
So I thought that was really cool and want to check that out.
Those games actually kind of seem like, okay, here's how we're going to use Next Gen.
They kind of showed that versus Rise, which is like, cool, you made a knockoff of God of War. Awesome.
Before we get into gaming weeks, let me ask this question with my big slash troll face,
because this is definitely the question that cynical gamers everywhere are asking.
I can't make a troll face. I tried.
What do you think will sell more this holiday season, the Xbox One or the Wii U?
What will sell more this holiday season, the Xbox One or the Wii U?
If everybody had my brain, it would be the Wii U, but not everybody is an intelligent shopper.
So I still pretty much think the Wii U is going to be a better seller.
It's a tough question to ask or answer, just because not all the data is there,
because there's also rumors that they're having trouble with chip yields.
So you may end up with a shortage problem at launch.
So, you know, to be honest, I think that the Xbox One will sell more than the Wii U.
And why is that? Because you think something is, oh, but not PlayStation 4?
PlayStation 4 will outsell both, all of them.
I think, if anything, you can still have Xbox 360 selling more than the Xbox One,
and probably the Wii U as well, just because, granted, that's out of five.
No, they have a lot of exclusives for PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360.
And honestly, I don't see Wii U as next-gen. I'm sorry.
It's still, graphically and performance-wise, it's on par with PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360.
So it's just like, I don't know, in-between-gen or something, whatever you want to call it.
I'm going to say Wii U sells more this holiday season because of households with children under 12,
and the parents that will have the fond memories of Nintendo and so forth.
And I think a lot of the hardcore gamers, I think a lot of them are going Sony.
Sorry, Xbox fans, but what's that?
But it doesn't really matter, though, because they don't need to buy a new system, though,
for these games that they're wanting to play.
Everyone eats up Skylanders, and everybody is probably going to eat up Disney Infinity.
Those are both on Wii.
You're going to have, I don't know, it's another Mario game.
I mean, how many Mario games are we going to have come out already?
I don't think it's that amazing that 3D Land is coming out.
It looks kind of like a slightly better version of the 3DS one,
and that's not a big, once again, not a big deal for me,
because that was just like New Super Mario Brothers U.
But here's the big reason, the other big reason why I think Wii U is going to go over better than Xbox One,
and it's like you were saying, but this is apart from brand recognition,
you also do have a known quantity.
Whereas they are making so many different changes with the X-Bone
that I think that a lot of people are going to go towards something that they, as a consumer, can put more trust in.
Well, let's see what the listeners think.
Live.vognetwork.com and answer this live poll right now.
What will sell more this holiday season?
Your options are Wii U or Xbox One.
Asking the questions of cynical gamers everywhere.
What's going to sell out of the two underdogs going into this holiday?
Dreamcast.
Wii U or Xbox One.
Registered participants can vote on the site at live.vognetwork.com.
If you're not a registered participant, you should do so, because it's free and we won't spam you.
Super promise.
Yeah, like I was saying, I don't hate Nintendo first party games,
but I just don't think any of them are system sellers.
Like for example, if instead of the remake of Wind Waker, they had a brand new next gen Zelda game,
yeah, that might be something to sell people on the system.
But a game that's basically an upgrade of a 3DS game,
I don't think that it didn't really work too well for New Super Mario Brothers U,
and I don't think it's going to work too well for New Luigi U.
So why is a third Mario game that's just a platformer that doesn't really seem that different from what's already out there,
I don't think that's going to be a system seller, that's the thing.
Mario Kart or anything? It's Mario Kart.
No 3DO Ikuma JP.
Alright, we will get to the results of our live poll right after our gaming weeks.
Let's try to keep them a little bit shorter tonight because we had a lot of E3 talk,
but Dark Soccer, what have you been tapped into this week?
Well, we busted out the Atari 5200 for Atari Party coming up, getting everything working.
So there was some Panko going on in my house, Rob.
Nice.
Thought you would have liked it.
Loves it.
And Super Pac-Man.
We have Millipede because we have some prototype re-releases.
I could not play Mass Effect 3 because I've been in the middle of upgrading all of my graphics in it so that it looks even more gorgeous,
even if it's not the best story-wise.
I've been playing the first Mass Effect and I played it on the stream on Thursday,
and I'm probably going to end up getting it beaten on the stream next Thursday, if I feel like it.
Really? Oh yeah, Final Fantasy XIV.
Because we had a beta weekend, and I have a Thaumaturge.
Oh yeah, we can talk about that now, huh?
Yeah, we can. We just can't say anything about the last beta.
Well, I didn't play in this beta weekend, so I guess I can't really.
I just got my invite for PlayStation 3, so I will have to download it.
I think that, honestly, after as long as I played WoW, it has everything that I liked in Cataclysm,
because that's what got me playing WoW.
And none of the utter grinding crap that's in the panda version.
Panda area. Stupid pandas.
Gummy bears, gummy bears. WoW gummy bear edition.
So I'm really enjoying it, and I like playing my catgirl.
Or my mikote, or whatever she's called.
She's a catgirl.
Mythra.
No.
Although they have the same animations.
It's so stupid that they change the name.
They have the same animations.
They're the same races.
I think Lalafell is probably the cutest name for that race possible.
And it's kind of funny finding gangster Lalafell in the town I started in.
They're like, we're badass Lalafell.
There's this little Lalafell walking around looking all badass wearing a monocle.
And then these two big hulking guys behind him.
He's like, look at me, I'm a badass midget.
It was pretty funny. So yeah.
Loki.
I played literally one session of Call of Duty Modern Warfare 3 this week.
Because every other time I was just basically reading E3 news, all my coworkers were gone.
So I didn't get to play with anybody.
And I was working on 3D modeling in the meantime.
So yeah, I didn't play anything.
I did buy, though, the Serious Sam collection on Humble Bundle, the weekly sale.
So I got that.
Fuck, I never got a Humble Bundle 8 and it's done, huh?
Yep.
Shit.
Oh well. That was my bad.
Oh well.
So, I mean, that was pretty cool.
You don't just have to buy Humble Bundle 9, maybe they'll throw a name with it.
Yeah, it's true, it's true.
So, I mean, I haven't ever played any of that series, but it looked cool.
So I wanted to pick that up and I thought it was a good deal.
What else?
Bought PlayStation Plus for a year.
Haven't redeemed it yet, though, but I'm looking forward to trying out the free games that are on there and stuff.
Because I have a 500 gig hard drive to fill up with games that I haven't played yet.
And a pre-ordered PlayStation 4, because I'm worried that I might not be able to get one if I don't.
So, I did.
Alright.
Oh, and just to say, for those of us who are playing Final Fantasy XIV and want to join us on a beta weekend,
we are on the North American Behemoth server.
There you go.
Do you have a link shell yet?
We don't have a link shell yet.
We don't have a link shell yet.
Okay, I will have to remember that.
And you can only add friends if they're online at the same time, so I couldn't get anybody.
Remind me later to talk to you about Facebook things.
Unless Shane Alinko happens to be listening, then you know what to do.
Alright.
As far as Loki's concerned.
Which I think I did see him in chat earlier.
Okay, so my gaming week.
So, even though Orange Lawn and Tradio, the world's longest weekly internet show about video games,
is not a recognized media outfit of E3,
I went down to the show anyway just to, well, to get Bobby.
And I did check out the Ouya booth, because it was open to all.
It was outside.
So, what the heck?
I went to go check out the Ouya.
Because I didn't get a whole lot of hands on time with Ouya when Loki brought it over, right?
So, I did get to check out a few new games on Ouya.
One of the games I played was Soul Fjord.
And funny enough, it's like the first game I walked up to and I'm like,
alright, so tell me about your game.
And he's like, well, it's like a rhythm game.
He goes, it's hard to explain.
He's like, it's a rhythm game mixed with a roguelike.
I'm like, this sounds like the perfect game right up my alley.
I love dungeon crawlers and I love rhythm games.
Tell me more, sir.
So, he actually showed me the game.
And yes, it is a rhythm game mixed with a roguelike.
It's like a dungeon crawler, but you attack to the beat of the music.
And your little combos, like when you want to do a combo, you hold down the trigger.
And little beat patterns show over your sword.
So, you can kind of do the little patterns.
And if you do it right, you do like an AoE attack.
So, it was kind of cool.
Yeah, it was cute.
I liked it.
So, I have my eye on that.
Like, if I'm going to get a new AoE, which I might, depending on finances,
I would definitely pick up Solfjord.
I like that.
That was fun.
He did say, if I heard the guy correctly, he said, though, it's going to be a difficult game.
And if you die, you die.
It's like Dark Souls.
You go all the way back to start.
So, you know, that whole thing.
So, that'll be interesting to see what happens.
Let's see.
I saw another game called The Amazing Frog.
This game was weird.
What?
No, I want to know about this one because I've heard of it.
It looked weird to me.
And I'm going to admit, it's a game where you can tell the graphics on the Ouya are a little bit behind.
Because the other two games, like Solfjord, looked like any other Xbox Live arcade game to me.
It was, like, cartoony.
You know, it looked like that to me.
I could tell The Amazing Frog was a little weaker graphically.
But that's not the developer's fault.
I hear the game has really loud boomboxes in it.
I couldn't figure it out.
Like, it's like this open world frog runner game.
And all you can do with the controller is you jump and you fling.
And it's like this big open playground and you can fling yourself on a trampoline and go flying.
It is the type of open world shit you would eat right out the monkey.
No, I've already played it before.
So, it's basically like the insurance fraud mode in Saints Row.
You basically run around and you try to hit a bunch of explosives and chain your frog to, you know,
land in the air and knock shit over and you make cars explode and all that fun stuff.
So, I wasn't sure I got the game in there, but as far as, like,
Well, it's still very early.
Yeah, I'm kind of like giving these guys the benefit of the doubt.
I'm like, alright, it's early. It's just a concept. We'll see. We'll see.
Keep your eye on it. I'm not saying it's bad. I'm just saying.
It's free right now.
I didn't get it, but maybe I'll get it later.
The other game I checked out, the third one I checked out, was called Chronoblade.
And I looked at it because it looked like Diablo from afar.
Because it had, like, the little red and blue potions in the corner.
You know, I'm like, oh, this is like a Diablo clone.
So, I went to play it and it's apparently a free-to-play game.
It's not just on Ouya. They have a web browser based thing that's in closed beta right now.
Well, here's the thing. It looks like Diablo from a distance.
It plays like the Ninja Turtles arcade game.
That's awesome.
Like, to me, it was like a beat-em-up with, like, the jump and the punch and all that.
And you could do, like, the special moves. And as you beat people up, you gain magic.
So, that's what it felt like to me. And I was like, alright, this is.
And then the guy was kind enough to give me a closed beta key.
So, I was like, I think I will be cashing that in. That looks like fun.
You can get more information on that one at facebook.com slash Chronoblade Online.
All one word. I imagine they're giving away a lot of those closed beta keys.
Soulfjord.com was the other game. And I didn't get a website or anything for Amazing Frog.
Sorry, but Google it. I'm sure you'll find it.
Well, Soulfjord is the folks behind Quantum Conundrum and that kind of stuff.
So, they make some pretty awesome games.
So, there you go. I mean, other than that, lots of Animal Crossing, but not enough to even, like, pay off my second loan.
Like, I just, there's too much. Street passing. I did a lot of street passing.
I sat in the lobby at E3 while I waited for Bobby Blackwolf because he took his time.
Which I understand. He was trying to get answers to questions and was fishing up a demo. He took his time.
And I just street passed over and over. I literally got, like, 120 puzzle pieces over the weekend.
I completed, like, two puzzles and, yeah, I'm only, like, 80 panels away from full completion.
So, that made me excited. There you go.
Dungeonbuster in chat at live.voggetetwork.com says, Uya didn't pay to be at E3, so they rented out a parking lot nearby and held their events there.
Yeah, and the ESA rented a big truck and parked it right in front of the booth.
That's kind of a dick move.
It was kind of a dick move. Like, it wasn't that big a deal, honestly.
The Uya thing was like, hey, we've got beer over here and some developer, like, I did not see the Uya being pushed.
I saw developers making games on Uya being pushed. That's what I saw.
I don't know what the ESA was so afraid of. That was kind of a dick move on their part.
I did take a picture of the whole thing. Judge for yourself.
E3.voggetetwork.com. It's the one booth I got to do. Go look at the Uya booth over there at E3.voggetetwork.com.
And you should look at all the stuff there that Bobby collected. He answered a lot of your questions.
Unfortunately, you know, sometimes there's going to be no comment or we're not going to talk about that.
But a couple, there was at least more than a couple, like a handful of things, like Square Enix basically flat out saying how to get Kingdom Hearts on Xbox, if that's what you want, giving the answer that.
A definitive price for the Disney Infinity figurines. All figured out thanks to you guys and your questions at E3.voggetetwork.com.
And more. I could have told you that, though. Just saying.
All right. To the results of the live poll. Here it is. The results of the live poll tonight. What will sell more this holiday season?
We use 61.90% Xbox One 38.10. We'll call that 60-40. It's close enough to 60-40 split there.
So it's not a blowout.
It all depends on like what price drops on the Wii U side or even the Xbox One side. And if they reverse their policy, it's just there's a lot of time.
Yeah, there is. I mean, yeah. And, you know, admittedly, that question was I said at the beginning, this is the troll face skeptic question.
But I thought it was a fun one to ask. I hope you had fun answering it.
Okay. Housekeeping. Twitter.com slash O.L.R. or Facebook. Facebook.com slash OrangeLoungeRadio.
Next week on the program, June 23rd, 2013, our pal J.V. Mohn will be here to help us celebrate 11 years of OrangeLoungeRadio.
And this is what's very interesting, too, is that June 23rd is the actual birthday. That doesn't happen every year.
So every 11 years, you can expect it's a joke.
Well, it's like every five or six years the way the leap years were. Yeah, but but this is one of the few times we actually get to celebrate a birthday on our birthday.
Maybe I will have to convince somebody else to make murder brownies again.
That would be fantastic. So we hope you guys will join us. We're not planning anything. I mean, you get to a certain age and you just kind of stop caring.
No, you can't say that.
I don't say you stop caring. I shouldn't say that. No, we are.
No, no, no. How about I quote the amazing Wanda Sykes? The older I get, the less of a fuck I give.
Kinda, kinda. But it's just one of those, you know, we don't need to have the whole self-serving, hooray, we're 11 show. We've done that before.
10 was a big thing. It was, it was.
It's great. Now I'm thinking of Patton Oswalt where he talks about what birthdays you're allowed to celebrate.
Yeah, yeah. It's like you're 11, no one cares. When you're 13, you're a teenager. That one's big.
So if you want to get us a cake, we'll eat it. That's that's what we're going to say about next week's show.
Preferably, I like carrot cake. Just saying.
Do we have confirmed our guest for two weeks now? Guest host in two weeks?
I thought we did.
I think we do.
Because of another transaction that's occurring around that.
Well, I'm just going to say I am fully expecting that in two weeks, first make slidekick from Game Buoy will be here live.
Then that'll be a lot of fun.
And if not, we're going to go get him.
And I'm going to razz the crap out of him on his old show, Fabulous Flames.
We're going to duct tape him to a buoy.
Good times.
And bring him along with us.
Good times. All right. Tune in live every Sunday for the antics. Live.vognetwork.com.
I'm hoping we can start lining up some interviews, too, now that E3 is over, because I definitely want to talk to some of these OUYA guys.
And you know, whatever else we can get now that people are going to be really in that rush to get people to preorder for the holiday.
Let's run down more news. Maybe some things you missed. Maybe not. Some clarifications. Setting people straight.
Loki, why don't you start us off with the news?
Well, Major Nelson was answering a bunch of questions. I think that he even did, like, a thing on NeoGaf where he was answering questions for people and stuff, posting on there.
But there was one of the interviews. They were basically asking, you know, obviously, very obvious questions, you know, with the announcements that, you know, Sony made.
Will this influence Microsoft and make them change what they're doing with the Xbox One?
And here's what basically he commented on.
I don't think, I mean, we're really not going to change anything we've done with the Xbox One.
We're very happy. Did you see the games on stage during the briefing? Did you see the exclusives?
I mean, we're really proud of the system and the games that are coming out.
When you look at it, games like Titanfall, have you gone through the Titanfall yet?
Enough said. Conversation over. We're really happy what they showed on stage and what's showing here in the booth.
So I think it's safe to say that we're confident where we're going.
We're also confident that gamers are going to love our vision of the future and what we're going to offer for gaming.
So basically, no, they're too stubborn to change their mind so far.
But I mean, then again, I mean, he was only being asked that a few days after, you know, the announcement.
And sales, I think sales figures, if they're trailing way behind, that could change things.
You guys have to understand that corporations and the talking heads for corporations have to stick to talking points at big shows like this.
And they have investors, remember?
They are all trained on said talking points. They don't deviate from those talking points.
And when they do it, that's why it's always news when somebody goes off the cusp.
So, you know, they always stick to their talking points.
By the way, I was checking to see if Major Nelson had replied to what I told him.
I think he's got a lot of people telling things right now.
So I thought there was an interesting comment in chat from Ross Steel UT.
Major Nelson, the only community outreach guy left, and he only stayed because he's a good enough yes man.
Does Microsoft need their Kevin Butler right now?
Dude, if they brought Kevin Butler out on stage during that play scene, I think everyone would have about lost it.
You know what I think would have been great for their presentation?
Bring hard gay out of retirement.
Have them just go around humping everybody and going, woo!
That would have sold Xbox ones right there.
Oh god, alright.
To register participation for this week's episode of Orange Lounge Radio at vognetwork.com, use the passphrase, cloud.
I only mentioned this game briefly, like really briefly, but obviously it's kind of a big deal.
You know, it's the game a lot of people were talking about before E3 is the big Microsoft announcement.
Killer Instinct.
Killer Instinct was revealed at the Microsoft press briefing, and here's the whole thing.
It came out afterwards that Killer Instinct is going to be free to play.
But they're actually now saying that that might not actually be part of it.
There's some clarifications coming out.
The game has said that the game is going to be free to play, and when it launches on Xbox One, you can get Jago for free, and then you can buy all the other characters.
However, what's not being said, the full game will also be available on its release.
So if you don't want to do the whole nickel and dime model for only certain characters, then you can drop the, assumably, 60 bucks and get the whole thing unlocked at once.
I actually think this model isn't as terrible as everyone says it is.
Now that we have the clarification, you can still get the game out of the box.
Yeah, it's basically a demo, but it's an upgradeable demo.
You're in a pretty good situation if your favorite character is Jago.
You know what it reminds me of?
It reminds me of the Rock Band game on PSP, where you could download the demo, and you could download songs from the marketplace and play them in the demo.
You never had to buy the full game unless you wanted the full game's song list.
I don't know, it kinda reminds me of that, so, interesting.
By the way, Double Helix also has unveiled Glacius as another character in the game.
He will be playable at EVO 2013.
There's also going to be 40 training lessons in the game to teach players about the game.
It is a little disappointing that it's Double Helix, the folks behind the latest Silent Hill game, are making this game and not Rare, the company behind Very Awesome Games.
KoopaKa Jeremy in chat says,
Then why even focus on the free-to-play thing?
They should have made that clear right away.
Like everything they've been saying, they need to be crystal clear.
Here's a great example of what happens when somebody doesn't stick to talking points.
Because I think somebody made a one-off comment about this to a press site.
And here we go, gaming industry, copy-paste, copy-paste, copy-paste, copy-paste.
It's free-to-play, free-to-play, free-to-play, free-to-play, based off one guy that went off the page.
And that's why you didn't see Microsoft doing a backpedaling or an about-face at E3.
There is not time to change the script.
Well, that's an even bigger reason why, again, canceling all those Q&As and so forth.
Also being pointed out in chat amongst the folks there that Rare is not making this game.
Which is a little bit surprising.
Somebody else is.
It's the people that made Silent Hill Homecoming.
Which wasn't a bad game.
I mean, okay, I have a special warm, fuzzy place in my heart for Killer Instinct because of the same reason I have a warm, fuzzy place in my heart for World Cup Soccer 94.
I mean, I played it, yeah, my first year of college. It was a big thing for me. It's what I spent all my time on.
And this new version, while I'm mildly interested in it, it doesn't seem like it's going to be...
It was about the only thing that they mentioned that made me perk up at all, and it was only for the nostalgia's sake.
And I don't think they can really bank on that.
Yeah, it's kind of one of those things where it's like, oh, I'd love to check it out if I was going to get an Xbox One, but I'm not going to right now.
Maybe I'll get an Xbox One in a year, and I think that's what will end up happening.
And to be fair, folks, I bought the 360 at launch, well, soon after launch, and I waited a year to get a PlayStation 3.
This is just that in reverse.
On the topic of that, you know, they redesigned the 360 to look like the Xbox One, and I think it's fucking ugly.
That console looks not good anymore.
I think we've, and I've talked about this before, I think we focus way too much on the looks of consoles.
It's not that big a deal.
Like, a lot of people were talking about the PlayStation 4 in its weird shape, and I'm just like, alright, so it's oddly shaped.
But here's the thing, though.
I like that it's vertical or horizontal again, and you can put it wherever you want. That's cool.
Yeah, here's the thing, though, is why would you redesign your current gen console to make it look like the Xbox One?
That's going to be confusing now, because people are going to say, hey, I saw that console on TV.
Which console is it? It's one of the Xboxes.
Oh, it's this one, and they get a 360, you know, because...
You don't think the name is right there on the front?
No, they're going to see the 360 with the new branding say, oh, that looks fun, and whoever's going to be selling them the system is going to point out the more expensive, newest one.
Anyhow. Yeah, the redesign is weird, but I'm kind of like, I just don't care.
Like, there's so much more to worry about with these consoles than the look.
And Rob, Betamax forever.
Whatever. Move on. Dark Saga.
Yeah, okay, I got other stuff.
Now, this one, it's a little bit more falls into the conspiracy theory part of...
I don't really know exactly how to think about it, but the first time I saw this article, it really made me raise my eyebrow.
It's an article of a guy named Jason. I'm trying to see what his full name is.
But he was basically at E3 taking photos of the Microsoft booth, or some of the gaming booths, and he took a picture of a laptop being hooked up.
And he got pulled aside and was told to delete the photo, which he actually went back and redrew, of basically the games running off of laptops and PCs.
Now, there was a big stink going on about this on the Game Facts board, which I was reading through, and they're saying, no, those can't be dev kits.
They are running off of Nvidia cards, which, as far as I was aware, the Nvidia GTX cards, which, as far as I was aware, wasn't supposed to be incorporated into the final system.
So they're saying that they weren't actually running off of the development PCs. These were running off of regular PCs.
And they even had the games crash the PCs.
Okay, that makes sense, because I was going to say, when you first brought this up, I'm like, alright, well, you know, having the consoles running off PCs isn't that big a deal.
I remember when the 360 was first shown, it was the same thing. Whatever, that's not a big deal.
But yeah, if you're talking about, they're like, really different, that's interesting.
I don't know, I kind of, I'm going to be honest, I think there is a real desire in the gaming community right now to just dogpile Microsoft.
Let's kick the bastards while they're down for daring to fuck with my used games. Beat them up.
But then again, Microsoft should have left that guy alone when he took the picture.
Well, here's the other thing. That threat on Game Facts is gone.
Well, I don't understand how they could say, you better delete that photo. I'd be like, you better fuck off.
Hold on, let me see if I can find it. Okay, a guard stood outside to keep me from freaking out and making a run for it.
A couple Microsoft PR folks came in, large four smiles on their faces, they just wanted to talk to me.
And then going, they made a big point of telling me they were not telling me to delete the photos.
That's because they really couldn't, since they never said what could or couldn't be photos, but they also didn't want me to leave that little room with those photos.
Share.
That's the news story here. Microsoft made a big deal out of something that shouldn't have been a big deal.
Now, here's just two more lines.
It was weird they were clearly unhappy and concerned, even though they insisted that laptop was just controlling looping video,
which it certainly may have been doing, which makes it even weirder that they were so upset at the photos.
Not being able to take their intense stares and restrained desire to yank the camera out of my hands any longer, I just deleted the photos.
Then they set me free.
He redrew the, and I'm actually, I'm going to go ahead and link this article for everybody.
It was on Gizmodo, actually the Australian Gizmodo site.
But I'm going to link it in the chatroom because it really is worth giving a good read over.
And he drew a copy of the photo.
It doesn't seem like it would be anything, but what makes it most suspicious is that they made a big stink out of it.
You know, if they had just said, oh, whatever, you know, it's sort of like when you tell the little kid they can't have something,
and then the kid thinks that that's something big and that they're going to sneak and get it.
It's that same type of thing. It makes it a bigger deal than what, you know, if it wasn't a big deal,
why are they trying to restrain this guy and browbeat him into deleting a photo?
I bet you the PS4s are running off PCs too.
Well, yeah, all the dev kits are PCs.
But if these aren't exactly the dev kits, if they are trying to run it off of a more beefed up system, then we have a problem.
Especially if they're saying that they're being run off of the system hardware.
It's a huge risk too, because if the game that comes out doesn't match what was played at E3,
the people that played at E3 are going to call it out.
It was Colonial Marines all over again.
But it's Gearbox not making the game, so they're okay, right?
I don't know.
Anyhow, let's move on.
Alright, so, hey, you want that Xbox One?
Well, you better be living in certain regions of the world, because it only supports a few different countries.
So at launch, if you're living in a good portion of Asia, well, you're fucked.
So basically, the only places, countries that you can access Xbox Live at launch are Australia, Austria, Belgium, Brazil, Canada, Denmark, Finland, France, Germany, Ireland, Italy, Mexico, the Netherlands, New Zealand, Norway, Russia, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland, the UK, and the US.
No Japan.
No Japan.
Even though the first developer up, Japanese developer, and I think the only Japanese developer that showed up at E3's press conference, which I also found interesting.
I found it very interesting who was at what press conference. Did you notice there was no EA at Sony's conference?
And that they were showing the 2K sports game instead. I just thought it was interesting. Just put it out there. I thought it was very interesting.
I think it's noteworthy.
Noted.
Noted, yeah.
Alright. What do you think though about the fact that they left Japan off? I mean, I think we all knew that Microsoft was going to write them off, but that, I mean a lot of great games come out of Japan.
It's a little weird to me.
But it seems like a lot of them, to me, it seems like they're willing to write off a lot of these people that would buy this console.
They're willing to write off Japan as a whole, even though there are some people that did buy the Xbox 360. They're willing to write off people that don't have good internet.
They're willing to write those people off. They're willing to write off, you know, people that are in the military. They have to write them off.
It's disrespect and being un-inclusive.
They're just like, too bad. You can't conform to what we want. So, hey, you guys, and I heard the argument from fanboys saying, well, hey, they had broadband internet on the original Xbox. That was the only way. No dial-up.
And people still bought it. Yeah, but you know what? It's a little different to, I don't know if it's an equal comparison because you can still play games offline with the original Xbox.
Well, I think IKUMA JP pretty much nailed it. We don't care now.
Well, it's just interesting to me because I realize, you know, and I see a lot of folks overall on chat are saying like, well, Microsoft gave up on Japan a long time ago, but I'm kind of like, okay.
Japan was ever really into Microsoft.
Well, but again, the first developer, first trailer to show up at the Microsoft thing, Japanese developers.
What was the biggest response at a Sony's press conference beside the whole, you know, going for the jugular Microsoft policy? Two games developed by a Japanese studio.
That happened to be coming to Microsoft system as well, but it wasn't really pointed out.
I thought it was interesting. Noted. Make a note. That's all.
Anyhow. Well, this isn't from a Japanese developer, but it certainly got a lot of people excited anyway.
It's a new Mirror's Edge game and, you know, a lot of people had a sad when it didn't show up at, you know, Microsoft's thing or whatever.
But then it showed up later, yay, at EA's press conference that a new Mirror's Edge game is in the works.
It is a reboot, actually, of the franchise, which, you know, is weird because there was only one game, so they're rebooting the one game.
But that's all right, you know. It's going to be open world this time.
And a nice little letter posted on the official Mirror's Edge site from DICE senior producer Sarah Jansen.
We introduced Mirror's Edge and Faith to gamers five years ago, and we've waited for the right moment to reunite them.
Thanks to the Frostbite engine, which a whole shit ton of those EA games are all running on.
That's like EA's bread and butter right now, is that Frostbite engine, if you think about it.
And a new generation of platforms. We are now able to deliver a richer world the players will be able to explore with a new level of freedom in both movement and action.
And a lot of people very excited about this. And, yeah, I'm curious, too.
You know, I didn't, like, love the first game, but I definitely respected it, and I'm looking forward to this reimagining of Mirror's Edge.
I am glad that it's multi-platform.
Mm-hmm, me too.
Very cool. Moving on, Dark Sakura and then release dates.
Well, we have, you know, we sort of made a mention of this, I think, a little bit earlier, but we like Minecraft, don't we?
I used to hate Minecraft. Now I love it. I don't play it on Xbox, which now I'm glad that I don't.
Yeah, you definitely don't play it on the VoG network server anymore.
Well, I did, but it wasn't always connecting.
Well, here is a really crappy thing for all of you Xbox Minecraft fans. Your save's not going to carry over to the Xbone.
Oops!
Yeah, I'm not surprised.
I'm getting the sense that it's, even though they're both Minecraft, they're still, like, separate games. That's kind of the sense I'm getting from this, you know?
They said that they were discussing it, but I don't think it's going to happen.
You know, they really do seem to be trying to put this wedge of separation in between the 360 and the bone.
I just don't really see that as an issue, just because it's just like, if you were to have, I don't know.
It would be hard because those features that are on the original version of Minecraft, like your worlds and stuff, are going to be locked into a certain size and stuff.
When you're putting in basically a redone engine, even though it is the same game, it's just not going to transfer over.
Just start anew. I mean, seriously, it's not that big a deal. I don't know. But, you know, once again, I think it's a whole dog-pile mentality.
But there are people who put a lot of time and effort into their crap on Minecraft.
Yeah, I mean, a game like Minecraft, I'm actually like, you know, a lot of people have created these huge things, and maybe Minecraft on Xbox One will fix some of the things.
Like, you know, you're not going to have the limits on the world size like 360. Yeah, maybe it's going to fix some of these things, but it would be nice if people could transfer their time and effort over.
I've seen people put a lot of effort into building some of the same monumental, ginormous creations on Xbox as they have to doing on a PC.
And it's a shame not to be able to carry that over.
I think part of what makes this noteworthy is that it shouldn't be that fucking hard. It's Minecraft. It's not that.
It's a Java game.
I know. It's not. I'm like, you know, I'm not belittling what a huge impact Minecraft has been on gaming and the heavy hitter that it is as far as the game is concerned.
But it doesn't seem like to me that it should be that big a fucking deal to transfer a save file over.
I don't think it should be at all.
Yeah.
Well, especially, is there any sort of cloud saving on Xbox? I haven't touched my Xbox in forever.
There is.
So they've got a cloud saving feature.
You're right.
Why shouldn't they be able to transfer things over via cloud?
Because it's a sad cloud.
It's not a happy little cloud.
It's a rain cloud.
It's a sad cloud that rains shit.
Speaking of the cloud, Brad from Pod Culture says,
Rob, I wonder how that DCU for the PS4 will tie in with the PS3 version or even if it will.
Check Bobby's answers at e3.vognetwork.com because I believe he came back.
Was it you or somebody else had asked a question very similar to that.
And I believe the response was it is that you will be able to log in and it's the same just with new textures
and, you know, everything you would expect from going up to the PlayStation 4.
It sounded like the right answer, actually.
I'll split it that way.
I think everything did transfer over.
Yeah.
All right.
Let's travel around the world and check out some games that are coming out a lot sooner than what we saw at e3.
Not a whole lot this week.
Actually, some Vita stuff.
Jak and Daxter Collection coming out on the Vita.
Also this week, Muramasa Rebirth coming out on Vita as well.
And then Game & Wario one week from today.
Nice.
Something for the Wii U.
Yeah.
Great.
Have you checked out The Last of Us yet?
I am hearing such amazing, amazing things about that game.
I really want to check it out.
I just don't care.
I mean, I don't know.
I just I don't really.
I'm not.
No.
Are you sure you're not going to be like like I originally was with Mass Effect where it's like, I'm not going to like this game.
I'm not going to like this game.
And then I play the game like the story is so fucking good, though.
It's just I don't really want to I don't want to start another game right now.
I'll tell you what, though.
Fair enough.
What?
This is a completely off topic here.
So Bobby got the information from it.
The Earth Defense Force 2025 is fucking coming out next year in 2014.
So, you know, that means you got to import the fucking version that's coming out in Japan in July.
Good.
Good job, Bobby.
I'm ruining Loki's day.
But as they mentioned, there are some digging.
The PlayStation 4 will be region free.
And here's the weird thing, though.
It's region free, both disc based game and digital games.
So that's not true.
I think right now on the PlayStation three, I think you can only buy stuff from certain regions, but apparently you can buy.
I don't know if you have to create another account like in that region, but that'd be kind of cool if I can buy like Japanese games or something.
Bobby Blackwell's in our chat room right now at live dog network dot com.
Wanting you to know he took a picture of the banner just for you, Loki.
It's all right.
They're going to be coming to our game summit in the end of July.
And I, you know, our rep over, you know, Phillips, say, justify, justify, justify.
She knows I'm a huge fan.
And it was last year.
Got some fly swatters based on insect Armageddon stuff.
So that's why I saw the play through insect Armageddon.
I got on one of those humble bundles or whatever.
So.
All right.
Let's talk about release dates in Japan and on the PlayStation three this week, a new dual shock controller in a gray color.
Also, The Last of Us making its way to Japan both on June 20th.
If for whatever reason, The Last of Us is not up your alley, try Dyson Ryaku.
I'm sorry, I said that wrong. Dyson Ryaku.
Daitoua Kobushi.
Tora Tora Tora Wara Kishuniseko Seri.
Yes, that is the full name of the game.
Regular and luxury editions.
You might have caught from the Tora Tora Tora in there.
It is a plane fight type game.
There you go.
I like that it's called a luxury edition.
That makes it seem regular and luxury.
It's luxurious.
Does it come wrapped in silk on the Xbox 360?
I will still cover releases on 360 in Japan as long as they're there.
Batman Arkham Twin Pack, a repackaging,
assumably of the two Batman games for Japanese audiences there.
That's probably like a price drop type of thing on the PlayStation Vita this week.
Quite a bit.
FIFA 13 World Class Soccer gets a price reduction.
I'm sorry, Winning Post 7 2013 comes out this week.
Also a new game.
Kami Jaigen Idol Neptune PP in limited and regular editions.
And I think this looks like some type of,
like it might be a music game.
I can't tell.
I think it's like a pop idol game.
Jamie, help me.
Do you recognize anything from these screenshots here?
Like what type of game this might be?
This seems to be the most telling one.
You see the little things with the patterns on them.
And it seems like maybe it's...
I've never, I don't know this one.
I don't know.
All right.
Sorry.
Maybe somebody in chat does.
What was the name again?
Kami Jaigen Idol Neptune PP.
No, I don't know that one.
Maybe Akuma JP or somebody in chat will know.
God Something Idol.
I don't know.
This is American Idol.
No Nicki Minaj in that game.
I did mention, I think that,
I mentioned this on Twitter actually,
cause Nintendo does some weird stuff with their,
their item numbers for their games.
And what was it for a new Luigi U?
It was PPRS is their item number.
That's the best.
So...
Sorry, Akuma is asking for a link.
So I just gave it to him.
Let me quickly do the other countries.
Sorry, Jamie.
I know you were ready to go there,
but I don't want to neglect the Wii U.
I was just going to comment on that game.
Oh, okay.
That you asked Akuma JP.
Oh, okay.
So on the Wii U this week, nothing,
but you do have F1 Race Stars powered up edition
to look forward to next week.
So there you go.
And lastly, on the 3DS this week,
Kuma Tomo and Ninja Jajamaru-kun Sakurahime
Tokaryu no Himitsu comes out from Hamster this week
on the Nintendo 3DS.
So I remember I asked you about like,
you know, the lack of F0 at, you know, E3 this year.
Are you at least excited that, you know,
kind of Mario Kart 8 is sort of F0?
Mm-hmm.
Slow 0?
Before we get to the UK releases,
some comments and chat on that game.
Queen Simea says,
Age of the Gods Idol Neptune?
And AlphaKananogram says,
Sky, I think it's related to that Neptunia video game system
slash company-based girls but idol game.
That actually seems like a very lot.
That seems like a much better thought out response
than what I said.
So we'll go with that until Akuma JP can translate for us.
All right.
Dark Sakura, what about the UK?
Two games.
Neverwinter on PC and New Super Luigi Brothers U.
When you first said Neverwinter,
I thought about Neverwinter Nights.
So did I.
And I looked at it and it's like, no.
And I'm like, oh wait, no,
there's that free-to-play Neverwinter that actually,
I get emails on that all the time.
That's it.
It looks exciting.
That is truly it.
No.
Sorry UK friends.
All right.
Just a couple more stories for you guys
in the classic game of the week.
Loki.
All right.
So let's see.
I guess with the Xbox 360,
a lot of people aren't really happy about the fact
that they kind of put their video services behind a paywall.
Well, with the PlayStation 4,
that's not going to be the case.
They're not going to kind of,
if you want to watch Netflix or something like that,
you don't have to have PlayStation Plus to do that.
You can actually just view all of their video services,
Netflix, Hulu, et cetera.
So that's kind of nice that they're doing that.
And free-to-play games, I guess,
aren't going to require PlayStation Plus,
but that's up to the publisher whether they do that or not.
So there's still a chance that they might.
I think that's kind of cool that they're doing that.
I think it's another selling point over Xbox One.
I hate to be one of those people dog-piling on Microsoft,
but it is what it is, guys.
Sony offering that for free does make that PlayStation 4
a slightly more attractive living room box for some people.
Again, the Xbox One integrated Skype thing is neat.
It's not $500 neat for me, but it's neat.
Something PS4 doesn't have, I guess.
Moving on to some sad news out of E3 for a lot of people,
and this is a boo at Sony.
So for those of you that are about to call me a Sony fanboy
after tonight's episode, nope.
Here's a negative for Sony and a big, hearty boo to Sony for this.
Jack Trenton talking to Game Trailers saying
The Last Guardian is, quote, on hiatus.
Further quote, we got so many projects out there from so many great teams.
Projects never ultimately go away.
So The Last Guardian is certainly not going away,
but it's on hiatus right now.
A lot of back and forth with this game, you know.
Lita a while ago said that the game was still in development,
but, you know, now it's not.
I heard that it was still in development, too.
They were just like, it was kind of confusing.
You know, this is just the new Final Fantasy versus XIII.
Or better yet, it's the new Duke Nukem Forever.
They're putting it out for PlayStation 4.
I think that's exactly what's happening,
is it's going to be a PlayStation 4 title,
and it's just taking its little time.
Maybe next year.
Maybe next year.
But in the meantime, instead of looking forward,
let's look back to a more classic time in video games history
with a segment we call The Classic Game of the Week.
Dark Soccer is going to reach into the gaming vault
and find a game that she thinks, hey, you ungrateful children
should be playing this game immediately.
Right now, break out your Neo Geo.
You got a good one this week, Dark Soccer.
What is the classic game?
I have to do my quote from the anime of this,
because the dub was so awful.
Feel the storm, it's coming.
Yeah, Dan actually quotes that all the time,
because my husband is a dork.
It's from Fatal Fury.
Fatal Fury was the series that pretty much led into King of Fighters, you know.
In fact, the first Fatal Fury was called Garo Densetsu, the King of Fighters.
So the very first game, well, as it came out over here, actually,
it was Fatal Fury, King of Fighters.
It came out for the arcade, of course, for Neo Geo CD, Mega Drive.
It came out on the Sharp computer, the SNES, the PS2, Virtual Console.
It's been on everything.
And of course, it spawned its better known sequels, Fatal Fury 2 and Fatal Fury Special.
There was also Fatal Fury 3, Road to the Final Victory,
a Real Bout Fatal Fury, Real Bout Fatal Fury Special,
Real Bout Fatal Fury to the newcomers.
There was a Real Bout Garo Densetsu Special,
Dominated Mind, Fatal Fury Wild Ambition, Fatal Fury First Contact,
and Garo Mark of the Wolves, which is probably my favorite in the series,
because it was pretty badass.
So anyway, with these games, the big mechanic that these fighting games brought in is that,
well, for the first one, you could only play three characters.
You had Terry Bogard, you had Andy Bogard, and Joe Higashi,
who had to fight against some of the bad guys coming up in their way.
The thing about this one is that it had sort of this multi-plane type of setting,
where you could dodge moves by jumping from the foreground to the background and vice versa.
And as these evolved in later versions, it even had, I think it was on Fatal Fury 3?
Yeah, it was. Fatal Fury 3, you could actually throw your enemies into the back platform
or into the front, running directly pretty much into the crowd as a special ending move.
I remember in the aquarium level, you could throw somebody into the aquarium,
and they'd just crack the glass and slump to the floor.
So yeah, it was a really neat series, and like I said, it gave us the King of Fighters series,
which I'm sure as a lot of people know is probably one of my favorite fighting game series altogether.
I myself have two of them on Neo Geo, which if you can play them on the Neo Geo, just do that,
because that is the way to play any type of SNK game.
As far as the series goes, it actually had a sister series that was called Art of Fighting,
that was set in exactly the same universe, so it was why a lot of the characters crossed over.
Quick question, was World Heroes in that same universe?
I do not think World Heroes was, because none of the characters in World Heroes showed up in King of Fighters.
Okay, I thought there was another series where they started showing up in King of Fighters,
but I guess that wasn't World Heroes, was it?
Because as I started combining those universes, keep in mind that they threw in the Ikari Warriors universe.
Oh, yeah.
They threw in Psycho Soldier.
I kind of lost track of this. I like Fatal Fury a lot, actually, at the time.
Not so much the original, although I understand why it's worthy of the Classic Game of the Week,
but more like Special probably was my big one.
Fatal Fury Special was, I think, the one that I saw in the arcades most.
But, I mean, it gave us my Shiranui and her boobs.
Which, such a big outcry about the character, I thought she was hilarious.
She also was probably my favorite to play in that game next to Kim Kap Wan later on.
Kim Kap Wan was my favorite.
Yeah, because, well, although if you're really good with Joe Higashi, you could apparently just smack anybody down because it was awesome.
Although I've seen a perfect playthrough, actually, I think this is an example of a perfect playthrough with Andy Bogard.
Really, all of the characters, in my opinion, were so well-balanced that if you knew them inside and out, you could really destroy anybody in this game.
I mean, yeah, you had your good masher characters.
I mean, yeah, I think that Mai was a masher character.
Yuri was a masher character.
I mean, she has a lot of charge moves, but Yuri was a major masher character, especially with her flying butt powers.
But for the most part, you know, it gave us such a huge list of characters, too, that, like I said, carried over into King of Fighters.
Like, even Ryo Sakazaki was in two of the Fatal Fury games, who was an Art of Fighting character.
On top of that, this is the game that also, I mean, basically leading into Art of Fighting gave us one of our first big multi-game crossovers.
Which, I mean, now we have a versus series now, I think pretty much because of Fatal Fury and it leading into the King of Fighters series.
You know, King of Fury, King of Fighters was pretty much Art of Fighting and Fatal Fury mixed with a few other SNK games.
But that was our first big versus thing and led us into...
Yeah, Capcom versus SNK 2, which wouldn't have been possible without these games, is probably like my favorite 2D fighter ever, which I'm sure a lot of people feel that way.
And a lot of people want to say that it's, you know, the X-Men versus Street Fighter and all that.
No, no, no, no. It started with KOF. I really think it started with KOF, which, like I said, came from Fatal Fury.
And even in the Fatal Fury universe with Art of Fighting, Art of Fighting led to everybody's favorite joke character, Dan Hibiki.
Because it was a combination, his dad was supposed to be like a parody of Mr. Karate.
And then he was, what was it, Robert Garcia and Ryo combined.
Tung-Fu-Ruu was so badass. I'm looking at the video right now where this guy is fighting Tung-Fu-Ruu. That guy was awesome.
You know who else I was pretty good with? Duck King. Just because he was so hilarious.
But yeah, and I'm not going to go into any more about the gameplay, because honestly, King of...
I'm not going to go back to King of Fighters. Fatal Fury was pretty generic as far as you have punches, you have special moves,
you have super moves. In the later games you built up meters, you had combos, you had all of the same stuff.
But this one, the thing that really set it apart was that multi-plane fighting and the fact that it gave birth to an entire lineage of fighting games right after that.
So I'm going to go for the whole Fatal Fury series just because of what came from it.
And again, my favorite in the series is Garo Densetsu because I like playing as a rock coward.
Classic Game of the Week.
And Blue Mary.
Classic Game of the Week. Fatal Fury for the Neo Geo. Great pick.
Again, another one of those picks you go, how many weeks have you done a Classic Game of the Week?
About 300 weeks now and somehow this never came up before?
How many different games have we had that happen with?
Daytona.
Daytona.
It's always funny. It's always funny.
You didn't do Fatal Fury Special or Fatal Fury 2 one week?
I looked.
Wow. Alright.
Then again, I didn't look under Garo Densetsu but I figured that if anyone was putting it down there they would have done either.
The Wiki people are pretty good about that.
Alright, we've got plenty more to come in Part B tonight.
Fugu Question of the Week and more news, even stuff that's not just E3.
Your emails and yes, your phone calls when we come back with more of Orange Lounge Radio right after this.
Orange Lounge Radio
Hi there, this is Elliott B and you're participating with Orange Lounge Radio, the show where every gamer has a voice.
And I want to use my voice to tell you that Donkey Kong Country 2 is the best game ever released on the Super Nintendo.
It has musical apes, fighting reptilian pirates, what more could you ask for?
Oh, I don't know, maybe a new Metroid instead, just saying.
Just saying, throwing it out there, no.
Thank you very much to Elliott for leaving that bumper.
I really appreciate it there.
If you want to leave a bumper for us, more information available on our forum.
The VOG Network forums, vognetwork.com and just look for the word forums at the top of the screen.
It's not that hard to find.
I appreciate Elliott taking the time to leave that for us.
And yeah, it kind of reminds me to say something I didn't say in the first part of the show about the Donkey Kong reveal.
Which I realize has people like Elliott probably very excited.
For me, I was like, I just bought a Donkey Kong game on 3DS literally weeks ago and now they're announcing another.
Now I realize the one on 3DS is a little different, but I was kind of like, I feel like Donkey Kong Overload.
I could have gone for a new Metroid.
It doesn't look that different, aside from, oh now the barrels will shoot you into the background.
It's not exactly just 2D.
To be fair though, those games are rock solid platformers.
They're super fun and that's where I think that success is going to be in.
No, I don't doubt it will be successful.
TigerConChat says, Rob, actually I want a new Star Fox.
That would be good.
And not that adventure is bullshit either, but that would be good.
A new Star Fox would be good.
But nothing would top a new F-Zero.
Maybe after this Mario Kart 8 thing, which does look good, maybe we can get that as our racing game for 2014.
A man can dream.
A man can dream.
I also want to make sure we say at some point tonight a Happy Father's Day.
I know we were busy talking about E3 in the beginning there, but let us not forget it is Father's Day.
So Happy Father's Day to all the father or fatherly figures out there.
Especially our own Loki.
Is Josh at the age where he can kind of recognize Father's Day yet?
No.
And wish you a happy one?
No.
Not quite?
No.
Alright.
Well, maybe next time.
If my BFF is listening, then tell Chris I said Happy Father's Day.
There you go.
And tell Julian to clean his room to be nice.
I'll wish Alan a Happy Father's Day because Sanrio the kitty is very well taken care of.
And he sends me videos when I'm out of town and everything.
Even though she was very antisocial.
Big floof ball.
I still need to get a good picture of her to put on the interwebs.
Well, is Alan ever going to come over here and talk to me about what he thought about E3 and all this stuff?
Oh, we finally had the comment in chat, by the way.
Who that is? My baby daddy.
Yay, putting him on the spot.
Hi, Alan. Long time, no talk.
Hello.
Welcome to the show.
Thank you.
Do you have anything you want to plug while you're here?
Everyone's saying that Microsoft killed Sony.
Or sorry, Sony killed Microsoft at E3, but more like Microsoft killed themselves and then Sony just showed up with pizza and a bag of weed.
Why y'all mad and sad? We got good shit here.
I asked you if you had anything you wanted to plug and that was your answer.
It was essentially pizza and weed, but that's alright.
What? I don't run any shows. What would I plug?
You listen to other people's shows more than you listen to mine. Do you want to plug The Nerdist?
You know what? I'm all for the Alan show. Alan needs his own show.
Alan does need his own show, but he's a little shy. Would you do your own show, Alan?
No.
See? He wouldn't do it. He just walks on here, gives his witty commentary, and then leaves.
Any other observations about this year's E3?
There's a lot of really bad misinformation about the Xbox One, and I kind of feel bad for Microsoft even though they've brought it on themselves
because all the made-up shit about their console is completely believable, even if it's not true.
Oh, like the whole it's only launching in 21 states thing?
Well, there's the 21 country IP address thing, but no, there was that post about if your account is banned,
all of your licenses, even if it's attached to a physical disk, are deactivated, which is not true,
but that super fits into what they're legitimately doing, that it's super easy to believe something like that.
It's everybody dogpiling on Microsoft. Let's kick them while they're down.
How dare they implement these DRMs? Kick, kick, punch, punch.
Yeah, at the end of the console cycle that they're not going to shut off the servers, but that's years away.
Yeah, and I didn't know either. I just found this out yesterday.
The 24-hour ping to make sure that your shit works, the internet connectivity.
If you're playing your game at a friend's house under your account, it pings once an hour because it's not your console.
It's a mess.
And just so you know, Alan at live.vognetwork.com, let's see, rostielut agrees with you in part.
Sony really only needed to show up.
Misty says, I approve of an Alan show.
SSU100Matt says, Alan has plenty of drop the mic moments.
Because I'm the best.
Drop. All right, anything else quickly before we say bye and get into rapid fire news?
Sanrio is shy.
Yeah, she is. She's a good kitty though.
All right, let's get into rapid fire news, Loki.
All right. So, one of the things that they talked about during the Microsoft press conference is that they're going to be getting rid of the Microsoft points.
So, how's that going to work now that I have Microsoft points? How's that going to convert?
Well, they're just going to convert it over. They're going to take your space bucks and make them into actual bucks.
So, in North America, 80 points or less to the dollar will exchange to that dollar.
However, there is one little bullet point on there or asterisk, I guess, that when they do convert those into actual dollars, they must be spent within a year.
Otherwise, you lose them, which is bullshit if you ask me.
But then be the, you know, terms, I guess.
That's kind of bullshit, I agree.
But hopefully I didn't have enough left in my account where, you know, I'll buy one Xbox Live Arcade game and that's it.
I still got 20 bucks because I tried buying a game for 20 bucks and it took money off my credit card instead of using the points that I already had.
Thank you.
It's funny as I got two points cards for my birthday and I've only used one of them so that I could play stuff on rock band so that I could sing Yoshimi Battles the Pink Robots.
Thank you.
So now I think I'm just going to buy all the Mass Effect gear for my character, even though I don't touch it on the Xbox.
Alright, another cool announcement is Twitch was saying that, you know, because they have a partnership with the Xbox One where it's going to be integrated in there so you can stream the Twitch.
But it's also got this software development kit that actually will allow anybody to integrate it into their consoles to broadcast from any platform, including PlayStation 4 if they really wanted to.
Wasn't the Ouya supposed to be getting a Twitch thing too?
Ouya already has, it's a Twitch viewer. Basically it's an app that you can view Twitch streams on.
Ouya is probably not powerful enough to broadcast, I'm sorry.
No.
That's actually what I was thinking of because I think of the Twitch 360 app, I think of a viewer only, and I keep forgetting that this new console generation, oh no, it will broadcast as well.
I don't think, yeah, I don't think it has enough power to do that, so whatever.
But yeah, it's going to be cool that they can integrate this into a bunch of stuff.
So I think it's very possible that we'll see that coming to, you know, the PlayStation 4 because they have Ustream and that's kind of like...
I think a little competition is healthy though, even though I don't particularly care for the way Ustream, I think the Nintendo Press, or Nintendo Direct through Ustream kind of says it all about Ustream.
I think a little competition is healthy. I'd like to see more options than just Twitch out there.
Yeah.
And last but not least, of course, they were talking about Summer of Arcade.
It's coming August 7th and will include such titles as Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles Out of the Shadows.
Also a remake or reboot, if you will, of Flashback, the old 1992 classic.
Brother is a Tale of Two Sons.
And Charlie Murder, which is being done by the guys that did the Dishwasher game.
So that should be good.
And of course, no word if they're still doing that deal where you buy all the games and get money back type thing, any pricing.
Or free games.
Or free games, so we'll have to wait.
Alright, I got some news real quick. One of them about the game Ultima Forever.
Don't get too excited, it's not really a PC game, it's that iOS game, the Ultima iOS game that's being made.
Some of the currency was really balanced this week.
It's out in Canada because their EA tends to beta a lot of this type of stuff in Canada and then they release it in the US.
How does that make our Canadian listeners feel that they're beta testers for this?
Well, whatever, at least you're getting to play it.
But they did some really big change with some of the currency prices.
Apparently, in the game you have to repair items and it used to cost like 60 keys to repair certain items, so they've lowered that to like 8 to 10.
And increasing storage space in your stash was lowered and so on and so on.
So they're trying to not make it so crazy, I guess, where you're going to feel like you're forced to buy things.
However, the highest quality chests, they went up in price as part of this balancing, so I guess not everything was a win.
Interesting talk out there about the new Zelda game.
Look, we all know there's going to be a new Zelda game.
It will probably be the big thing that Nintendo shows in 2014.
But the producer of the series said something interesting this week.
Eiji Aonuma said this week that he's a big fan of Skyrim.
And this is very interesting.
So he was asked if he was looking at any other titles for inspiration for the new Zelda game.
He said, Skyrim.
Obviously, I play other games and I'm curious what Zelda fans like about the Skyrim experience.
Maybe there are some Zelda fans who are looking for something similar out of a Zelda game.
But I don't look at the technology that made these games possible.
I don't look at what's happening in the game, but how it made me feel.
What in the game moved me and how I can bring out those same emotions to players who play my games.
My intent isn't to copy them, but those are the things that stay with you as a player.
It's not what you see about the game that makes you feel...
Excuse me.
It's not what you see, but how the game makes you feel that makes you feel closer to the experience.
It's more about the feeling and expression of emotions in the game.
And I do take that into consideration when working on my own projects.
So, could Link be taking the arrow to the knee in the next installment?
Alright, no. Obviously, it's not...
I think open world is what they're...
Well, actually, most of the games are open world, so...
Yeah, I'm thinking, too, like, you know, maybe a lot of the...
In Skyrim, you tend to really be able to interact with everything.
Maybe that's part of it, too.
Maybe building more side quests. I don't know. It could be interesting.
I always thought, you know how in Wind Waker, how there...
Well, spoiler.
There's a portion of it where you go under the sea.
And you see, under the sea.
You see the 3D world that's down there.
And I'm like, why wasn't this Wind Waker?
Because that would have been amazing.
So, I'm hoping that it's something like that, but, you know, better graphics.
Did they maybe include that in the remake of Wind Waker HD?
Life under the sea is better than anything they got up there.
To seaweed is always greener.
Everything looks better in HD.
You dream of...
Alright, forget it.
Also, something else about Nintendo.
Retro is actually coming out.
Funny, we had that discussion earlier in the show.
Retro saying that it was hard to decide between Metroid and Donkey Kong.
You made the wrong choice. Just saying.
I'm just kidding. Alright, Donkey Kong fans, put your torches down.
Put your torches down.
I think that was just kind of an off-the-cusp comment that Michael Kelbaugh,
who's the president and CEO of Retro Studios,
told the official Nintendo magazine via Twitter between the two.
I'm sure the Metroid game will happen sometime this generation.
It's just not right now.
Also, what I found interesting about the new Super Mario 3D world,
I think what a lot of people are very excited about is that
the Mario and Luigi characters that are in the game
play like they do in Super Mario 2 on the NES.
And if you think about it, we haven't really seen a game
implement the characterization of those characters since that game.
You know, with Peach floating and all that.
So that was really cool that they brought that back.
Well, Peach wasn't originally planned as a playable character in Mario 3D World.
Because you know in the last few games, it's been Mario, Luigi, and the two totes.
Because female protagonists do not sell games.
Really?
Obviously, he said that with his tongue firmly planted in cheek.
Well, you know, Nintendo got a lot of kudos this week for announcing
some really awesome female characters.
Not just Peach, but the Wii Fit Trainer as a character in Super Smash Bros.
I thought that was cool, and I'm glad that there were no rape jokes
during their presentation of Smash Bros.
That's a whole other Oprah.
Alright, anyhow.
And he's referring to what happened to the Microsoft thing if you didn't know.
Anyhow, a comment from Yoshiaki Koizumi said,
quote, I think she adds a lot of the sense of completion
when you get in multiplayer.
You can have different people choosing different characters
based on their personality or whoever they like.
And Princess Peach is just really a lot of fun to play.
But yeah, Peach was not originally a playable character in the game.
Which means the plot isn't that they're rescuing her for a change.
So that's good, I think.
And hell, I like playing as Princess Peach.
That float ability is badass.
She's kind of actually like way better than the others
because of that ability.
But maybe this game will be more balanced than Mario 2 was.
We'll see.
Dark Sakura.
Oh, my iPad just completely crashed on me.
Give me a second.
Oh, hooray.
I know.
All that porn, you know, Rob.
It's crashing our show.
So coming out is going to be Pac-Man Museum Collection.
It's going to be on various different digital releases.
It's supposed to include the Championship Edition and Pac-Man Battle Royale.
And it's going to be on Xbox Live Arcade, PSN, PC, 3DS, and the Wii U eShop.
So that is going to be super awesome cool.
Which is funny because I was playing Super Pac-Man just the other day.
And then also a trademark in the US is Contra Run and Gun.
It's a  well, they did tease a new Contra at E3 in 2011.
But now we actually have a trademark to go with it.
And last but not least, the inspiration for our Neil before VOG logo that went a while back.
Which not a lot of people got, unfortunately.
It was our teaser.
But maybe now that there's a movie out, which I want to see.
You want to see the new movie, The Man of Steel?
I want to see that.
Becky went and saw it today and said it was okay, but the end of it took forever.
Hmm, interesting.
So anyway  oh, thank you, Geico ad for running.
Anyway, so for Injustice Gods Among Us, a new character is going to be added and it is Zod.
Neil before Zod, son of Jor-El.
Which better be said in the movie.
He better freaking  yeah.
I don't want spoilers in chat.
I will slap you with a trout if you spoil.
If you spoil, we spank.
All right.
Let's get to the foogle question of the week.
Every week we ask a question on our Facebook and Google Plus communities.
Slam it together and you get foogle.
This week's question was all about E3.
Because, you know, that's what every show wants to know.
What did you think about E3, right?
But we put a little twist on it.
Because, you know, everybody's talking about the freaking consoles and the whole, you know,
everything we talked about in the first 30 minutes of the show tonight.
So I want to say, what were you excited about that maybe other people missed?
So that was the question.
We'd like to know your thoughts on E3, but with a twist.
You can't talk about the big press conferences or the new consoles.
I know, I know, but there will be plenty of other time on tonight's show to talk about all that.
We're looking for what you were excited to hear about that maybe slipped off someone else's radar
amongst all the Sony versus Microsoft press conference with a side of Nintendo Direct chatter.
So let's get to some of the answers.
I'll start with Google Plus tonight, because I haven't been starting with them a lot lately,
so I want to show them some love.
ActDeft on Google Plus says, well, this technically counts as one of the big announcements,
but I'm hyped to see a new Mirror's Edge in the works.
I'll let it slide.
Hopefully the wait won't be as long and the game will be great as the first one, if not more.
Deft, I'm going to say 2014.
It's definitely not, they're not talking like it's 2013 game.
It's not 2013.
Flaco Jones says, I was excited to see gameplay from the enemy within.
If they keep to their word and go back to the roots of what makes survival horror great,
then it should be an awesome experience.
Yeah, that was a comment from Bethesda coming through.
One of the first things on the E3.MOG network experience was that they are going back to survival horror roots
with the enemy within.
I heard that it's supposed to be really, really gross.
Yay, gross games, except not really.
I don't like gross games, but I know there are other people that are into the gross games, so enjoy it.
Going to some of the responses on Facebook.
James S says, I feel like the game Killer is Dead might be the one that a lot of people didn't see anything on,
but it's definitely a current gen title that people should be checking out.
It looks pretty damn awesome and it's one of the very few current gen titles that are coming out during the remainder of this year.
Also, Dark Souls 2, need I say more?
Sadly, I don't think it's going to do very well because it comes out right at the same time as Splinter Cell
and Saints Row and Madden and...
I think there's an audience for it.
As long as we can still get that mod on the PC version that instead of whenever you get you died,
when you die it goes, thanks Obama.
Have you heard about that hack?
What?
You know the thanks Obama meme, right?
Well, somebody made a hack for Dark Souls where every time you die,
instead of it coming up saying you died in the big dramatic text, it comes up and says, thanks Obama.
It's funny.
It's funny.
All right, Clerical Error 404, one of the peeps from Koopa Club.
By the way, I'm supposed to be going on that show in the near future, so stay tuned for that.
The Clerical Error 404 says, there were a number of games that were announced that I was excited to hear about.
Mirrors Edge 2, Super Mario 3D World, because you can play as Peach in the cat suits,
Super Smash Brothers for the 3DS version and the additional characters, Kingdom Hearts 3, duh.
I wasn't happy with the announcement of the direction that Metroid is planning to take,
basically expanding on the characters of the universe and making a gallery of other bounty hunters besides Samus.
And why no new 2D cel-shaded Castlevania?
I know a pipe dream, but still.
All right.
Haseo Sumeruwagawa says, Mirrors Edge 2, my boyfriend and I are so excited,
but I'm also excited for Kingdom Hearts 3 and Final Fantasy XIV and XV.
Burr says, I'm a bit excited about what I saw of the new Sonic game, Lost World.
I know I'm probably in for a letdown, but Sonic Generations was a bit of a surprise, so this could be too.
Mason D, I love this answer. This is so win.
The thing most out of E3, Miyamoto likes In-N-Out Burger, confirmed,
with the picture of Miyamoto at the In-N-Out truck that was in the parking lot at E3.
I kept seeing that popping up all over Facebook. It was hilarious.
That is great, though.
Ronnie B says, The Mirrors Edge reboot is all I care about.
I think it's extremely impressive EA of all companies managed to seemingly keep everything in its original format.
I hope they don't nickel and dime the game to death, though, otherwise it looks impressive like the first.
I hope the music is equally respected. A lot of love for that new Mirrors Edge game.
The trailer music was awesome.
Clover N says, The Metal Gear Solid V trailer looks absolutely amazing.
I hope the controls, for the most part, don't stray too far from the controls of the past Metal Gear Solid games.
That was a hell of a way to start off the Microsoft conference.
Say what you will about what went down there, but that was a great kickoff.
Rageinator says, I was excited to hear about Killer Instinct, one of my favorite fighter series from back in the day, being brought back from the dead.
I was also kind of hoping for some major E3 flubs that would become memes akin to Sony's 2006 presser.
Well, I think there were some. Nuclear subs, anybody?
Matt J says, While I haven't read too much about it, I'm currently most excited for Deus Ex The Fall.
Haters can say what they want, but I think it's an interesting chapter in the Deus Ex game series.
In case you don't know, Deus Ex The Fall is an iOS Android title.
It's a sequel to the Deus Ex novel, Icarus Effect.
A lot of folks are bitching because it's a mobile title, not a console or PC title.
However, I find it looks interesting and potentially a fun game.
I'm a die-hard Deus Ex fan and excited by the prospect of a mobile, on-the-go game, something not easily done with the other titles.
I'm willing to at least give it a shot, unlike most folks who refuse to even acknowledge it.
You know, a lot of people have a smartphone, and they might say they're not going to play it all they want, but then when it's like 99 cents, they're like, ooh, gimme.
Tigerclaw says, I'm pretty excited about New Super Mario 3D World, Mario in a catsuit, but Princess Peach would look cuter in the catsuit in my opinion.
She does look cute, but the keyword is cute, and not, like, oversexed, which I think is a good thing. Right, Jamie?
Yes, it's actually, it looks like those little pajamas.
It's tasteful.
Yes it is, it's adorable too.
By the way, I saw somebody at E3 in a Pikachu footy pajama thing, head to toe.
Yeah.
And I'm kinda like, alright dude, you go on with your bad self, but then I'm kinda like, why do people dress up for E3 like that?
It's not the place for that.
It's not the place for that.
It's not Tokyo Game Show.
No.
Or actually it would be Comiket.
And it's not PAX.
But anyway, that's a whole nother episode.
I'm also looking forward to Mario Kart 8. Too bad we'll have to wait to 2014 for those two.
The new game on Mad Max would be interesting, even though there has already been a Mad Max game on the NES.
This one being made by the developers of Just Cause. I remember the Mad Max game on the NES.
That's, uh, boy oh boy.
Anyway, Gamer Girl says, mostly excited for, I know it's not PS4 exclusive, but Final Fantasy Realm Reborn, Lightning Returns, and the new Kingdom Hearts.
I think you're a Square Enix fangirl.
Andy R. says, I listened to last week's OLR after Monday and hearing all the ragging on, well if Microsoft's doing it then Sony must be doing it too, was really amusing to me.
Sorry Loki, I'll admit I chuckled at your cynicism a few times.
Before the pressers I was worried too though, so I can't be too hard on you.
That aside, I was rather impressed with Destiny.
I don't care for MMOs or FPSs, but the gameplay shown looked really fun.
And though we were all, although we all knew a new Smash Brothers was coming, I was pretty excited to buy the reveal.
That and Bayonetta 2 might convince me to buy a Wii U.
Shane replied, saying nothing but Final Fantasy XIV about 14 times, copy pasted.
It's beautiful.
And then Let's Have Tea, I always love that name, good to hear from you Let's Have Tea.
Let's Have Tea says, your thoughts on the Xbox One family sharing feature and if you guys have even heard of it.
It's probably the best feature of the Xbox One and a feature that Microsoft keeps seeming to forget to mention.
Now Let's Have Tea, as much as I love your name, I said no talking about the pressers.
But yes, I do believe we did mention that earlier in the show, right Loki?
Yeah.
So, there you go.
And yes, it does sound interesting, it's just that it's not worth the DRM trade off, that's my opinion.
And I'm sticking to it.
Those are your answers at Facebook.com slash Orange Lounge Radio and Google Plus.
Search for Orange Lounge Radio.
There you go.
That's the FUGO Question of the Week.
Some more news for you guys.
Mailbag, FUs of the Week, Twitter, Skype, all coming up in a little bit.
Loki.
Who reads the mail anyway?
You do.
Get ready for it.
Okay.
Alright, so Gearbox is facing a lawsuit, and now it's not over aliens, colonial marines, but it's Duke Nukem Forever.
Apparently, Gearbox, of course, you know, after the resumed development of Duke Nukem Forever,
kind of failed to give the, I guess, was it the payoff, a 2.9 million dollar loan that 3D Realms owed, I guess, to an unnamed company.
And apparently also there are some royalties that were due as well, and they just haven't taken care of that yet.
And apparently, according to the Gearbox VP of Marketing, Steve Gibson,
the reality is Apogee and 3D Realms receive the full benefit of its bargain, Gearbox in fulfillment of its commitments.
I don't know if you've fulfilled your commitments because the game is kind of crap, but whatever.
I guess, finished game.
EnRish 3DR saved 3DR from its debts and rescued 3DR from its litigation surrounding failed dozens.
So I guess the way it sounds like that they think that because they kind of paid off their debts that they don't get any sort of kickback from Duke Nukem Forever.
Although, I can't imagine it would be that big because I don't think it sold that well.
But yeah, court case.
It's always sad when they're fighting over a game that really wasn't worth fighting over in the end.
But money's money, right?
Well, I mean, it was really weird with Aliens, Clone-O, Marines, and 3D Realms and stuff,
because I remember they were talking about misappropriation of money with Aliens, Clone-O, Marines, and going to Borderlands 2.
I'm wondering if anything similar happened with the royalties for Duke Nukem Forever and going to Borderlands 2 as well.
Alright, well, Loki, I know you cared about this because you were asking some questions about it at E3.
I didn't see it at E3, but I think Bobby got a quick look at it.
It's Mad Catz's Android console. It's just called Mojo now.
It's not Project Mojo or any of that anymore. It's called Mojo.
And unlike Ouya or what have you, Mojo will run stock Android and connects to the Google Play Store, just like any other smartphone or tablet.
So all you need for a game to be playable on Mojo is that it has to come out for Android.
And you can tie the Mojo device to your Google Play account.
So essentially, this is just literally an Android box for your TV. Literally.
Yeah, and what's kind of cool about it, though, is it does support games that don't support controllers.
So you can map your controls on the system. They also have emulation for touch controls using a mouse.
You can plug in a mouse and keyboard, or you can just use the analog sticks to emulate touch controls as well.
And then you can also map all your controls for whatever game on there.
I mean, that's pretty awesome that you can do that.
And on the show floor, it was running on a Tegra 3 processor.
It had HDMI output at 1080p, two USB inputs, 16 gigs of onboard storage that you can expand with Mini SD, Bluetooth Classic, Bluetooth Smart.
And they're saying, though, this is all subject to change.
Yeah, and I like how they have the two different Bluetooth protocols there, too, because right now they support the classic Bluetooth stuff.
But they also have the new Bluetooth 4.0 stuff where it's going to drop the latency down to very little, and it's going to make it pretty good for gaming.
And I'm wondering if they will increase or put a better processor in there, but Tegra 3 still, though, that means it's pretty cheap.
It runs on Tegra 3, and that's going to be, you know, that's 100 bucks, so probably looking around that price range.
And it's nice so that it supports Android apps, just generic Android apps, because, you know, probably a lot of people have that stuff.
It's going to be a very interesting little counter to the Ouya. We'll see what happens.
Yeah.
Moving on.
Yes, we have some Nintendo news. Actually, something come, I can never pronounce his last name right, Reggie Fils-Aime, right?
Yeah, Fils-Aime.
That's exactly it, okay. Very French.
He basically has gone on record saying that he has the key to limiting used game sales, and that's making better games.
Making games that people are going to want to replay, making them, like, here's a quote from him.
He says, the consumer wants to keep playing Mario Kart. The consumer wants to keep playing New Super Mario Brothers.
They want to keep playing Pikmin.
So we see that the trade-in frequency on Nintendo content is much less than the industry average, much, much less.
And, you know, I have to look at it in terms of my own collection.
We really do get, when we trade anything in, it's almost always something that was on the 360.
Most of our PS3 games and our Wii games actually still have a lot of replayability. We still play our GameCube games.
So, yeah, I actually really do agree.
You know, you may be thinking that these are really simplistic games, but they do have high replayability value.
Like, for example, out of your collection, Rob, what do you say that you've played the most of?
Out of all?
What games do you always find yourself going back to play?
MMOs.
Well, okay. Besides MMOs. Those don't count.
Games with the solid multi-, things that I can play with my friends. I mean, that usually is MMOs.
But, like, Mass Effect 3 was a good example because the multiplayer mode added a lot of life to that game.
It did a whole lot with that one.
But I think the thing, too, is that, like, okay, for example, any time that we have a party at my house, what happens?
We bust out Rock Band.
Good point, yeah.
It's the big thing that has the replayability.
It used to be back in the day we'd bust out Smash Brothers or Mario Party or Mario Kart.
We'd bring out a racing game that we could four screen.
Something that, you know, you could kind of screw with your friends and not feel bad about it because it was cute.
Solid multiplayer goes a long way in a game's life.
And I'm not necessarily talking about just online, but, like, you know, having that old standby.
What was the first thing, though, that everybody else was saying, though, when Animal Crossing came out?
Give me your friend code. I need your village code.
Yeah, right.
I need a peach. Who's got a peach?
Come over to shake your trees.
I think the whole strength that Nintendo games have like this is that instead of just having your friends list, you're building a community around the IP.
And I think that that also adds to their replayability.
And, yeah, you do see a lot fewer Nintendo games traded in.
The street passing on Animal Crossing is so smart, too, because I love looking at other people's homes.
Yeah.
I also, by the way, was enjoying the Sahara quotes.
I can't wait till I get my coffee.
All right.
I love that, though.
Just make better games. You want people to stop selling them? Make them better.
Well, and it's simple.
I mean, I'll tell you this even.
I go back and play SNES games all the time.
I mean, we're all kind of in that boat where we're classic gamers, too.
But I like to go back and play older games that I think are just still fun.
I mean, we've even gone back and had Bomberman parties.
I mean, who doesn't like a good game of Bomberman?
It's a game that's pretty much lasted through the years.
It's solid. And that's what I think Nintendo's focusing on is making solid games.
So, anyway.
Queen Simia in our chat room is, I think, singing about Peaches, saying,
Really love your Peaches. Want to shake your tree?
I can't help it. Suddenly I'm thinking of the Teaches of Peaches.
It's a song.
It's the lyric from a song.
I know, but now I'm thinking of Peaches, the dirty, dirty musician from Canada who sings all the, you know.
Or now I'm thinking of the presidents of the United States.
What else is in the Teaches of Peaches?
Oh, millions of Peaches.
I don't know. You can't go wrong with the Joker, so.
All right, save us from the Peach talk, Logie.
Really? We have to do that? No.
Okay.
We can talk Princess Peach.
Okay.
So, one of the theories, and definitely a theory I had, you know, with a whole, you know, a lot of people suspected,
EA getting rid of their online pass just before the announcement of the Xbox One and its features.
EA, though, saying that, hey, even though PlayStation 4 came out and revealed that they're not going to be kind of following suit with the Xbox One,
they are still not going to bring back the online pass.
And also set, you know, of course reaffirmed that, you know, getting rid of the online pass was not because of the Xbox One.
They say that it just wasn't working out for them.
And I don't know the belief from it.
I kind of, on one hand, want to just say, I don't buy it.
Because I think that they were kind of banking on both systems doing that.
But at the same time, maybe they have figured out that they're just making a lot more money from DLC.
And instead of making it harder for people to, you know, or less desirable for people to buy their games, you know,
whether it be buying it new or buying used and have them pay an online pass,
just make it easier for people to buy games and then just have a ton of DLC.
You know, I don't know if necessarily nickelene and diamond, but they've attempted to do that with, you know, like Dead Space 3 and stuff.
So maybe that's where they're kind of seeing it.
And I think that kind of makes sense also with the Xbox One and their game sharing,
is that's where they're probably going to try to make a lot of their money,
is since you're not buying copies of the games and you're going to get a lot less sales now because of that,
that DLC is going to be more profitable.
I know you all love it when we keep bringing this game up, but Mass Effect 3 really did it great.
I mean, there's not just the free DLC, but, you know, then there's the, all the story DLC was so good, you know.
Well, especially with the big apology.
To be fair, it was probably better in Mass Effect 2 overall, but I mean, still a good example of DLC done right.
None of it flat out sucked. You can't sit there and go to the DLC. Well, maybe like the armor packs.
There were things that you could complain about later.
Yeah.
Like, really? Is that what happens in Omega? I'm sorry, did I mention a particular one? Sorry.
Although I did completely find the Citadel DLC absolutely hilarious. Just saying.
And then, of course, they're saying that now they're working on this gamer first use game policy for next gen.
Basically, I don't know what exactly that means. Gamers first and customer first.
Does that mean that there are going to be no restrictions at all, or are they going to try something else?
I don't know. I'm guessing that it's not this idea. Although, I think it's made it, you know, definitely the response to the Xbox One DRM and, you know, limiting use game sales and online passings.
I definitely think that publishers are aware of the perception of that, and I think they will maybe think twice about implementing that in the future.
Especially if Sony's not doing it anymore, and EA's not doing it anymore, who's really left? Warner Games and Ubisoft. That's it.
Ubisoft has their whole little tie-in service to Uplay. They can invest in that.
It's still, though, they have, that could still be free, but right now they're still passing.
THQs can't do it anymore because they're out of business, and Deep Silver is not continuing with that, I think. I'm pretty sure they're not, because they didn't with Metro.
So, it's kind of on its way out already.
Alright, before we get to the next story, a very interesting breaking news that a lot of our chatters are talking about is a tweet that just showed up from Bobby.
My house just got struck by lightning. That's why he disappeared from chat. Most of my electronics are fried. I'm fine.
Holy crap.
But Bobby seems like the type that would have had a surge protector on everything. He was telling me to get the power source for the computer when all that stuff went down with one of the live shows.
But a surge protector isn't a cure-all, trust me.
Well, I hope everything's okay. I hope when he's...
I've had a hard drive melted that was hooked to a surge protector.
Yeah, I'm hoping when he says fried that he means like they're just, you know, all they need is a quick little fix or something, but that's...
Seeing that Bobby does a lot with electronics, especially the VOG, that's a big deal.
Well, just stay in touch with us and let us know what we need to do if he can hear.
What's up with lightning and taking out people that do like tech blog stuff?
Because usually they're connected.
Ours Technica, you know, the guy actually got hit by lightning.
Because they can't stop cranking out lightning video games.
Well, when I was living with my ex-remate, and this is, you know, back in the days of dial-up,
but we still had a surge protector on both the power supply and on the cable, the internet cable,
and still with a direct shot from lightning to her antenna, we fried her hard drive. And the modem.
It's really good that he didn't have, you know, an Xbox One connected at this time,
because literally a lightning strike would turn it into a killing death machine.
So, you know, it's a good thing that we're still months away.
Well, I hope everything's alright, because I know his day job relies on electronics and all that.
Yeah, I agree with VX JasonXV who said hopefully you just meant that figuratively.
Yeah, I hope so too. I hope so too. We'll find out soon.
Moving on, let me get back to the gaming news we had on deck tonight.
Nintendo could be releasing a free-to-play game. I know. It would be within the fiscal year,
which would end on March 2014. It was during an analyst briefing at E3 that this was announced.
So this is something that's actually happening. It's not a Mario game, it's not a Pokemon game.
But it could be an already existing franchise to a brand new IP.
Now, Destructoid had an interesting theory that it could be an Advance Wars game,
because that would seem to fit in very well. I mean, it makes a lot of sense for what could show up on the Wii U,
and would work with the free-to-play model generally well.
Even though a lot of people associate free-to-play with shit games, there's some free-to-play games that are pretty cool.
What about, like, if it's an MMO, they could be Dragon Quest X?
No, because that would involve Square Enix. This is a Nintendo thing.
Nintendo would not have announced a Square Enix game like that.
They could be publishing it over here.
I love your thought, but no. Just no.
I would love to be wrong about that. I would love to, but I kind of doubt it.
Alright, let's get to the mailbag. I don't doubt that you guys send us emails every week.
Mailbag at OrangeLoungeRadio.com
And we answer the emails here on the program.
Yeah, yeah.
I'm sure it's been filling up a little bit after E3.
Well, we have four.
Okay.
Four legit. Four legit.
The first one comes from Robert M.
Right now, MCPE is my only Minecraft.
Excuse me, not counting the Lego set.
Because it's much more convenient for me during commuting and breaks.
Unfortunately, Realms won't be of much use to me at home, since the app freezes when I open it connected to my home Wi-Fi.
This does not seem to affect other apps, and I can't access local multiplayer with no issue on other Wi-Fi.
Sorry.
I don't expect anyone to be able to tech support on this, just odd.
Setting fireplace in log cabin with Neather, rack flame, poor outcome.
That says haiku.
No. Cute.
Yeah.
So yeah.
Well, I'm not sure why the issue is with your local Wi-Fi.
Although, oddly enough, there's certain apps that I have that require a connection that won't necessarily work on my Wi-Fi, but they'll work on the 3G and they'll work elsewhere.
Maybe the problem is related to why the station keeps fucking dropping while we're trying to do a show.
Maybe we have the same provider. I don't know.
Howdy sentient creatures.
After listening to episode 507, I have two thoughts.
First of all, a haiku.
I was right, but I didn't want to be right.
Damn, The Last Guardian.
Second, I have a holiday-style greeting for E3.
Happy hyperbolic statement period.
Stay black, redertainment trainer.
Alright.
Sometimes it's painful to be right.
This is from Sam.
And the message is, happy E3, OLR crew.
One game I failed to see from Ubisoft this E3 is Tom Clancy's Rainbow Six Patriots.
Do you think the game has been renamed and re-revealed as Tom Clancy's The Division?
I wouldn't think-
No, no.
Do you think Ubisoft has more than one team on Tom Clancy games?
Yeah, I think so.
Well, yeah, they definitely do.
I wouldn't be surprised.
I don't think- no, it's not even- doesn't even look similar at all.
It's probably just something- they have Blacklist coming out now.
I think it's probably being made now for next gen, and so it's just, you know-
Bump back a little bit.
Yeah, I think so.
Fair enough.
Sorry, I was answering your question.
I'm with Loki.
It could be quarter four next year.
That makes sense, I think.
So I was answering your question in chat.
I happened to mention that my ex-roommate from college got struck by lightning.
Came in smelling that buzzy smell.
Ew.
With her hair sticking up.
Ew.
And she just said,
I got struck by lightning.
And I was like, Meglet, are you okay?
Her name was Meg, we called her Meglet.
I was like, are you okay?
Yeah, I'm gonna lay down.
And she didn't get up the rest of the day.
I kept checking on her.
She got up and she was just fine.
You have a lot of weird stories.
And then she said it was the second time in her life she'd been struck by lightning.
Go buy a lottery ticket, Meglet.
Seriously.
I just asked Bobby if it took out the fence.
You're such an asshole.
He probably lost some of his computers and stuff.
You're like, did I hit the fence?
Bobby, I'm sorry for laughing.
It makes me a horrible human being.
I've been in your place.
His kitties were at the boarding thing.
He can't pick them up until Monday.
So the cats aren't affected, just so you guys know.
That's important.
Yay for the kitties.
Think of the kitties.
Last email, Rob.
And this one is a poem.
Written by Degenerate Johnny.
Shall I read it?
Yes.
Once again, E3 has lived up to its name.
The event has proven it's still relevant.
Gamers rejoiced at the sight of upcoming titles.
And judging from the drool puddles, E3 is also salivant.
Microsoft promises a year of excitement.
One full of fun features and games.
Unfortunately, some of them seem to be disappointing.
Especially the ones that suffer drops in sound and frames.
Indeed, Microsoft did not address the hard issues.
It seems this year they're rolling the dice.
Without explanation of online benefits, $500 is too steep of a price.
Sony's conference was impressive.
It was full of exciting announcements and games.
With the announcement of no restrictions on used titles.
It almost made up for Sony's previous shames.
Indeed, Jack Tretton was on Cloud 9.
You can see it on his face.
The chanting of Sony's name was most telling.
The PS4 will start ahead in the console race.
It's like generation 6 all over again.
Sony will come out on top real fast.
Wii U started with no games just like the GameCube.
But will X-Bone go the way of the Dreamcast?
The excitement and energy never stops at E3.
It's an event full of comedy and tragedy.
All I can say is that I can't wait for this holiday season.
And I'm sure the same can be said for the O.L. Army.
Wishing a tubular E3 to all gamers and fathers.
Degenerate Johnny.
I think I cried a little.
That was a very clever little poem.
Thank you.
Good job.
It should be posted on our forums.
So there's an update from Bobby.
I know this is not gaming news.
But obviously we care about Bobby and want him to be alright.
As of right now, it looks like I lost all my routers and switches.
My audio receiver, my 360, and my Wii U.
Ooh.
Wow.
Are Acts of God under warranty?
I don't know.
Hopefully he's got insurance or something.
There's got to be a homeowner's insurance.
Yeah, most homeowner's insurance will have some type of personal property.
Christ.
If it's not just dwelling.
If not for some reason, anyone from Microsoft or Nintendo listening that can help them out?
One thing I can tell you is that...
Oh, God, I wonder if that was his special 360.
I don't want to say too much, but he had a very special 360.
I hope that wasn't it.
I can tell you that most insurances in the South, as far as I'm aware,
definitely have some sort of hard weather coverage.
It's required, so...
VXJ's next V says Acts of God are explicitly not covered by warranty.
I would still hope, though, that there would be some type of...
I think homeowner's insurance would cover something like that.
Homeowner's insurance or something, yeah.
Lordy.
Yeah.
Alrighty.
I've been in that position. I feel that pain.
People underestimate the weather, especially back east.
Right?
Alright, is that it for the mailbag?
Yes, it is.
Alright, mailbag at orangelandtrader.com.
Another reason I keep reporting on what's going on with Bobby,
he may not be back to do a show next week.
Not confirmed yet. Just let him make that announcement.
Watch his Twitter, because clearly his cell phone still works.
Bobby will be calling us and doing it on Skype.
He's more than welcome to. We'll be here.
Alright, let's get to the FUs of the week.
How appropriate.
Absolutely timed.
Well then, first off...
First off, I think an FU from all of us to Lightning.
I would like to go ahead though and give, especially Brad in the chat room,
but people have already been bringing it up.
Already thinking of ways to help Bobby replace his stuff.
We seriously have the best listeners in the universe.
We do. You know what?
And actually this is one of the things Bobby and I were talking about,
is that, you know, at the Voice Geek Network,
we don't have the biggest audience.
And that's okay, because I seriously think we have the most loyal audience.
We do.
And we are so fortunate to have that. You guys are amazing.
We have people listening to us that not just give of their time to listen,
they give of themselves.
And we'd like to give back to you as much as we can.
It's like, I don't need 10,000 listeners if we have 100 awesome, loyal listeners.
You know what I mean? Like, it means so much more.
And how many of our listeners are we actually, like, totally good friends with now?
Yeah, I know.
I probably don't need five 360s either.
You probably don't, sir.
I could probably lend him or give him one.
Well, we'll see. Hopefully he's got insurance. We'll find out.
He's probably trying...
I have banned ones. That doesn't do you any well.
He's probably trying to process a lot right now, so let's give him a little space,
and then I'm sure he'll be able to clear up what's up.
I can lend him an NES. No.
But yeah, my FU for today goes towards people who drive like assholes.
And I'm not just talking about, you know, speeding a little bit here or not signaling.
I'm talking about the BMW driver that I saw cut off a Lexus just because the Lexus had managed to get...
They closed off one lane where they're doing that construction back on Eastern.
And so the Lexus just happened to pull ahead of where the BMW had tried to get up in the front
and cut that person off, but the Lexus was just a better driver.
And so the BMW driver swerves around and cuts off the BMW driver as soon as there's two lanes again.
And I swear that was almost a Miranda.
Yeah, Mako drivers. Fuck them. No. That would be me. I drive the Mako horribly.
And then I think that I've got a sore throat.
And FU to not having a job. I need one of those.
Everybody that I've ever sent applications to, hire me, because I'm a really good person.
I will work hard for you.
That, and I'm really good with InDesign.
Loki?
Fuck you to FPSbox.com, our previous host of the Minecraft server for the VoG network.
And basically, I guess it got sold off or something happened, and basically the website's running in autopilot.
So when the servers go down, nobody answers support.
There's no phone anymore. There's no email. Nobody cares.
And so actually, taking a look at some of the servers that are online, most of them are down right now.
And what sucks is the FTP portion of it's down as well, so I can't, I have backups of the server.
I can make backups, but I can't access any of them, because they're on the FTP server.
And there's something, it's something with the authentication.
It keeps saying that I have the wrong password, even though I don't.
And it doesn't matter, so you can't reset it either, because the reset password thing's broken, so.
Yeah, I'll just have to start anew if we're actually gonna do it.
And who knows, we haven't been getting a lot of people on there anyways.
Might as well just save myself ten bucks a month.
I may change my mind. There's other hosts out there that'll actually let me upload my own JAR files,
which I wanted to do in the first place, so that we could have cool things like airplanes and cars and guns.
I totally want a gun.
They have Mass Effect guns too.
You know what, I totally just redid my little sprite to look like my Minecraft person to look like Shepard.
Alright, I'm just gonna give an F.U. to traffic as well, because some bitch cut me off today on the freeway,
and it's like, when you're going 80 miles an hour, don't be cutting people off.
Did she drive a BMW?
No, but I did see a couple asshole BMW drivers.
I'm not saying that all BMW drivers are assholes, but I'm just saying, I see a lot of them.
I'm starting to agree with Jeremy Clarkson, by the way. BMW drivers.
Otherwise, I had a pretty good week, I can't complain.
Although, Matt is a good BMW driver.
F.U. to Disneyland for me missing it so much.
F.U. to awkward moments.
Awkward?
I'll say that too. Oh yeah, very awkward moment, I'll have to tell you off air, it's not appropriate for on air.
There's nothing to do with the show.
Well, how about also F.U.'s to elusive ties?
Alright, let's move on with a couple more stories, and then we'll get to Skypline.
Alright, so the new thing for Xbox One, of course, they're talking about their system for achievements and stuff.
It's going to be a little bit different.
Which, by the way, I gotta add, this is one thing we didn't talk about at the press conference.
They have the day one edition that gives you DLC that is an achievement.
So that's kind of lame.
I'm sure it's just stupid, like, you know, we were, you know, we bought it day one type thing.
But that's still lame.
But anyways, so the challenges, I guess they're saying that it's going to be a little bit different than achievements.
It's alongside it.
It may not necessarily be, it may be like time limited, so you may have a certain amount of time to do a certain challenge in a game.
It may actually be tied to multiple games.
It could be tied to some community based thing, like, you know, playing X amount of hours of Halo or something like that during lunch.
Remember they did something like that, I think with Halo 4, it gave you some discounts and stuff.
And everybody that participated got some stuff.
I want to say, I think it was Halo, maybe Halo Reach.
And then they're saying that also Xbox One video and music apps can also use achievements to reward people that would seek peak content to early access or subscription extensions.
So it's interesting that they're going to be doing all that stuff.
It sounds interesting that they're kind of revamping their achievement system.
I didn't think they would change what wasn't super broken.
I knew there were a few things here and there that they were talking about, like the whole achievements that they could build on the fly as memes come out for the game and so forth.
Doesn't Nintendo call them challenges, by the way, on StreetPass?
I don't know.
Just curious.
Alright, before we get to your calls tonight, one more story tonight, and it's to kind of put the wrap on all the E3 stories tonight.
E3 this year, 48,200 attendees. That's an increase of 2,500 from the prior year.
Bite my tongue, bite my tongue, bite my tongue.
Forty million dollars in revenue brought to the city of Los Angeles from that.
Next year's E3, June 10th through the 12th, also at the LA Convention Center.
But what will be interesting about next year's show, this isn't in the news story, but if you've been paying attention, there will be no more West Hall.
That's what they're tearing down to make Farmer's Field.
So it will be interesting to see, which is the football stadium for the football team that LA doesn't have yet.
Hello, Kensha Hall.
I don't know. Yeah, does that mean Kensha Hall is used next year?
Or the rumor is they're going to build, well it's not a rumor, but they're going to build an expansion on the other side of the street.
But when will that be done is anyone's guess.
Buy my Ouya parking lot.
Who knows, who knows. But there you go.
There was a question I didn't get to ask about E3 this year.
Sure.
Is if they were still handing out balls.
Like they did every year.
Because that used to be the only time I would ever get balls.
So, just saying.
And Bobby says his podcast gear is fine.
Yay!
So he should be there.
Huzzah!
The audio receiver is for my surround sound, so it sounds like his living room got fucked up most of all.
That's what it sounds like.
He could probably have my audio receiver too because I don't use that either.
Everybody's all nice around. I just got to say, you guys rule.
I have like a surround sound system that we don't use anymore because Josh is asleep when we watch TV and so we don't need a blast surround sound anymore.
Alright, I haven't even given out the damn number and already the Skype line lighting up.
1877 Game O-L-R, or user name on Skype is OrangeLoungeRadio, but you'll have to wait for this guy.
Who's on the line here?
You're on OrangeLoungeRadio, who's this?
OrangeLoungeRadio?
I thought I was calling Best Buy to pre-order my PlayStation 4.
Sure, just give me your credit card number.
I don't think so, Tim.
What's up, buddy?
Not too much, not too much.
I just want to say that I have to thank Sony.
I mean, their presser made me feel like what it was like to be an actual gamer.
That's how it hit home for me.
You know, there was a very interesting comment left on the VoG network.
I think it was Flaco Jones who said it on last week's show at VoGnetwork.com.
He said last week's show was kind of Doom and Gloom.
What was that?
Macabre?
He said it was very...
Morbid?
Morbid kind of episode.
Because, yeah, we were playing the funeral march to the Xbox stuff and all that.
I was sitting here going, this is a sad fucking day to be a gamer.
But at the Sony press conference when they hit bullet after bullet after bullet, it was like...
Celebrate good times, come on.
If everyone was on board with the Xbox One stuff,
then I wasn't really that excited about the next gen.
I was like, okay, what am I going to do now?
And now that they came out with that, I was like, cool, I can be excited about these games now.
Very much so.
I mean, I was so excited after seeing the Kingdom Hearts 3 trailer.
I'm playing through Kingdom Hearts 1 right now.
Is the internet as a whole being too fanboy with this?
Are we being too blinded by Sony's tackling of Microsoft?
Are we not seeing the big picture here?
Are we refusing to acknowledge that Microsoft may actually have some good ideas?
That maybe Sony doesn't have the good exclusives?
What do you think?
Do you think we are being too fanboy?
Yes and no.
Coming from the cosplay fandom, anime fandom, I'll say this much.
You take something away, the fans will never forgive you no matter how well you fix it.
If Microsoft say that, oh, we're not going to do the DRM thing.
The fans will still look at Microsoft and be like, it doesn't matter.
You gone and done fucked up.
It's no different from when the anime companies were jumping on the whole streaming and shutting down the fan suburbs.
We're like, we're good companies. We're giving you the stuff that you want.
But then the fans are like, you shut down my favorite fan suburbs. Why should I buy from you?
I think just a more direct comparison would be Sony really fucked up in 2006 and now they're back.
It's not even necessarily just now they're back.
They slowly were getting their groove back over the past few years.
But I think Microsoft made some really bad personnel decisions in the past few years and it's starting to show.
Sorry about it.
And you're absolutely right. I'm looking at the breakdown of the consoles.
I read the article how the cost of the PS4 is about $325.
If the PS4 and Xbox One are similar in hardware and if that's the case,
then you're actually paying an extra hundred bucks for Kinect, something that somebody may not even want.
I think that's one of Microsoft's huge mistakes is clinging to that Kinect.
And I think that's one of the two big, big mistakes they made.
And to point out, I've actually gone on record saying that I don't want to Kinect.
I mean, I wanted to Kinect at first because I wanted to do Para Para games, but it doesn't really mean anything to me anymore.
I don't care.
Exactly. And I was saying to people when Xbox One, everyone was talking about the designs, I'm like, what are you talking about?
I've had an Xbox One sitting in my living room for about a year and a half.
It's called the Verizon Files DVR box. They look exactly the same.
All right, Rama, anything else before we let you go?
Yeah, for Ucchan.
Ooh, what?
Well, I know you miss your Coke Black, but I want to try to ship this out to you.
Here in New York, they have what's called Manhattan Special. It's cola and espresso as a soft drink.
I need this in my life.
So good.
I need this in my life.
Rama, I'm going to let you go. Take care, buddy.
All right, you too, bro.
All right, bye.
Bye.
1877 game OLR. Our user's name on Skype is Orange Lounge Radio, but let's go to the phones.
Hi, you're on Orange Lounge Radio. Who's this?
Hey, it's Bobby.
Hey, Bobby. How you doing?
Hi, Bobby.
Little shook up.
Little shook up.
Yeah, okay, what happened?
I'm sitting there listening to OLR, and I hear a huge, really loud clap over my head.
And all my lights flicker, and I'm like, okay, that was close.
And then I notice that my brand new Netgear router is not on anymore.
And then I look over to my right, and my brand new Netgear 8-port switch is not on anymore.
And then I go upstairs, and my brand new Netgear 8-port switch that's upstairs is not on anymore.
And then I start looking around, and I try to, you know, assume the worst, and I try to turn on my TV and my receiver.
The TV comes on, but it's at the setup screen, and my audio receiver doesn't come on at all.
The red light on my Wii U is no longer on.
The PS3's red light was on.
The 360 didn't turn on when I pressed it.
And, let's see, I've come upstairs, my old 32-inch Trinitron TV for my retro games, that doesn't work anymore.
And the PS2 up here is dead.
Well, I guess the first question I asked, do you have homeowners insurance or something that will hopefully replace some of this?
I absolutely do. I haven't pulled it out to see if it covers this, but I'm sure it does.
You might check also with the 360 and the Wii U, maybe just the replacement power supply might be all it needs for that.
Yeah.
And I think that we've actually got spares for those, because we've inherited dead systems from Dan's days at GameCrazy.
Well, and that just goes to show, Bobby, within literally two minutes of your tweet going up,
everybody in the VOG Network chat room was like, let's take up a collection, let's donate, let's send,
I've got an extra 360, I can send him if he needs it. I think it goes a long way.
And I was mentioning to the live listeners, I know you didn't hear this, because lightning,
it's one of the things you and I were talking about in the car when we were driving to Anaheim the other night,
was that we may not have the biggest audience here at the Voice of the East Network, but we have the most loyal.
And we are so fucking thankful for that. You guys are amazing.
Yeah.
But my computers are fine, they stayed up, my two monitors, I even checked my old classic box, it came right back up.
So it seems like it hits certain floors of your house more than others, because it's probably a circuit.
Yeah.
Yeah, well, I mean, it hit, I mean, because the router, but my router is down next to my computer.
And so it hits some things. Everything's on surge protectors, but this was, you know, they don't protect every surge,
and this one must have been pretty direct. And, but yeah, it kind of hit different things, like my GameCube still works,
and it's sitting right next to my PS2.
Well.
But that TV doesn't work too well anymore, so I think something inside the TV got fried.
Take some time to process, call the insurance company on Monday, see what, you know, steps you have to take.
And if there's anything you need, you know you've got the three of us, you've got 61 people in chat right now,
and I know every single one of them is willing to help, and then add on to that the podcast listeners,
the other folks at VoGnetwork.com. We'll get you through this.
Yeah.
It just sucks. It sucks.
Yeah, I've spent a lot of money this past week.
Yeah, he did. He did, folks. Disneyland ain't cheap, you guys.
But, most important, you're okay. The cats were still in kitty daycare due to your trip.
They don't open again until Monday, so your cats are okay, and you're okay.
Yep.
Most important, everything else is just stuff.
Weren't we saying that Nintendo goes last?
I haven't checked on my classic consoles yet, so.
It's just stuff. It's just stuff.
Yeah.
Well, I'm sure I've got spare Nintendos if you need one.
I know, I know. Well, everybody's here willing to help, Bobby.
Otherwise, anything else you want to say, turning it over to you.
You're open forum for you. I don't want to rush you out of here, if you have anything else you want to say.
Not really. I just figured I'd fill people in.
Well, we do.
Somebody send me a chat log.
We do appreciate the update. I think mine logs, but if not, I'm sure somebody in chat will have you covered.
Okay, cool.
All right.
All right.
Keep us posted via Twitter. I know a lot of folks here at VOG Network follow you on Twitter, twitter.com slash bobbyblackwolf,
and will be a great way to get the updates on how it goes with the insurance company and all that throughout the week.
All right.
All right.
Bye, guys.
All right. Take care, buddy. Bye bye.
I don't know what else to tell them right now.
I've been there.
Yeah.
So, which is actually kind of funny because that same storm that I fried my roommate's hard drive in,
one of my friends lost their Genesis, but their Super Nintendo worked.
And they were both on the same circuit.
All right.
I'm going to need a dick or a fart joke, please, to help cheer us up a little bit here and lighten the mood a little bit.
But let's try this call.
Hi, you're on Orange Launch Radio.
Who's this?
Hi, this is Haseo Tsumurugawa.
Hi.
Hello.
You said Haseo Tsumurugawa?
Yeah.
Hey, what's up?
I don't know if I've heard you call in before.
What's on your mind, buddy?
Actually, I've called in like two or three times.
Oh.
Yeah, Rob.
I forgot.
I don't remember a video call except I think I'm seeing a statue on your cam.
Actually, I chose that statue for a reason because the VoG network has earned good karma and had the hero shift to hero.
It's the statue from Infamous 2.
Oh, okay.
It's a little dark in your room or something.
It's a little fuzzy coming through.
It's hard to make out.
But I get it.
I get it now.
Crappy PlayStation way.
So, what's up, buddy?
Actually, I was going to talk about the whole virtual E3 booth that Sony was doing this week or whatever.
Oh, okay.
Yeah.
I didn't have a chance to really check that out.
Tell me about that.
It was actually pretty interesting because they booth pretty much everything major that's coming out like Infamous 2nd Son, Assassin's Creed IV, and all that stuff.
And they had like little quests and whatnot.
You could earn a free month of Music Unlimited, PlayStation Plus, all those lovely things.
That's pretty cool.
Yeah, I heard about the free month of PlayStation Plus on home.
That's pretty awesome.
The best thing actually about it was it told me about Tekken Revolution, even though Tekken Revolution kind of sucked because it's one of those Facebook type-y games.
Oh, yeah.
That free-to-play Tekken game.
Free-to-play Tekken game we were talking about last week.
I forgot.
Yeah, it was supposed to come out.
That's too bad.
Yeah, my boyfriend was playing it because, you know, he wanted to play a new game and I said, well, why don't you try Tekken?
He got about four or five fights into it and then it stopped.
So, that's kind of sad.
Womp womp.
That was like me exploring, what was that god-awful MMO that's on PlayStation 3?
Free Realms?
Free.
God, what a stinker.
That's unfortunate.
So, I'm assuming if you actually do all the stuff in PlayStation Home and all that, you've been a little bit of a Sony fanboy or I shouldn't say the word fanboy because that has a negative connotation.
Actually, Sony fanboy is on my senior shirt.
Okay, then fine.
Sony fanboy.
So, you must have been eating this shit up at E3.
You must have just been like, this is the day I've been waiting for.
Xbox fans can go eat it today.
How are you feeling after Sony's press conference?
I actually feel really good because mostly Sony got the rights to, you know, Air, Final Fantasy XIV, XV, which is actually versus XIII.
And pretty much all the good stuff Square Enix is putting out.
And the last 25 minutes, it was pretty much Sony saying, suck it, Microsoft.
Yeah, it was pretty interesting.
So, no hope on you getting an Xbox One?
Absolutely not.
I have internet troubles and I do not.
Now, okay, since you said you're a Sony fanboy, I said earlier in the show, you know, I think Xbox's exclusives actually look a little better.
Even though I ended up ordering a PlayStation 4 because the overall picture, I think, is better for PlayStation 4.
And I'll get the Xbox One later when they sort out all their bullshit.
But what I want to ask you is, explain to me why I'm wrong.
Actually, I haven't really seen any exclusives for Xbox One that really, you know, kind of, I'd say, jump out at me as far as that goes.
But, I mean, the exclusives for PlayStation 4 are superior in a sense.
I mean, you know, you got...
I can't really think of any right now.
Yeah, I'm not really convinced right now.
I'm just giving you a hard time. I'm putting you on the spot. It ain't easy. It ain't easy.
Well, assuming you're buying a PlayStation 4 on day one, what are you most looking forward to? The Square Enix games or...?
The Square Enix games and Infamous Second Son because, spoiler alert, the end of the second one is kind of states why there's a whole new character and storyline and all that.
Fair enough. All right, well, anything else you want to get off your chest before we let you go?
Mirrors Edge 2 looks pretty.
Mirrors Edge 2 does look pretty. I think we can agree on that.
All right, thanks so much for the call, buddy.
Absolutely no problem.
Take care. Have a good one.
1877 Game OLR. Our username on Skype is OrangeLoungeRadio.
What the heck? We're getting call after call tonight. Lots of people wanted to comment on E3. Hi, you're on OrangeLoungeRadio. Who's this?
Hey, this. I'm Deft.
Hey, Agdeft.
Hi, Agdeft.
How are you doing?
Pretty good.
What's on your mind, buddy?
Well, something that not many people are talking about Sony and Microsoft, that they're both doing, and it's pretty great in my opinion,
is that you only need to buy one subscription to PlayStation Plus and to Xbox One to everyone in the console or in your house to enjoy it.
Oh, so meaning that if you just have to have the one account and then you can have all the TVs in your house,
because I'm assuming they would all go back to the same IP at the end of the day,
can all kind of use that central account to do Netflix and all that.
Yeah, it's something that I find pretty useful because in my household, me and my brother do have each one on Xbox.
So we do have, like, I am the only one that has a gold account.
So in the future, if we decide either to get a PS4 or an Xbox One in this case,
it's pretty good that we only need to buy one subscription to enjoy the gold or Plus benefits.
Loki's wearing a question mark on his face right now.
I'm not sure if that's actually, if it's just going to be on the console or not,
because I know, like, if I have live gold on one of my accounts, like an account on my 360,
I can play multiplayer on that, but if I have a second account that's not live gold,
you know, I still can't play online with that. I have to have a separate live gold account for that.
And I know they have the family plans and got rid of it. I think it's just for one console.
Basically, one console, any of the accounts that are on there, you can play live on,
because it's tied to the console, not necessarily to your account.
I mean, it's still tied to your account, but it's also tied to that console.
Same with how the PlayStation 3, well, PlayStation 3 was, you know, free online,
but pretty much you can have as many PlayStation Network accounts as you wanted,
but I think they would kind of do it in a similar way.
I'm not sure if, I could be wrong because I haven't really read the details on it yet,
but I don't think that they're having it where, like, I buy Xbox Live gold or whatever,
and, you know, a sibling of mine has a separate console.
We can both play them live at the same time. I don't think it works that way.
Because otherwise, you know, what's to say if they're doing that 10 friend thing or whatever,
that I buy gold and then everybody else plays for free. I mean, I just don't think they're going to do that.
Yeah, I do think it's also just one console, but it's still pretty good,
because even right now, you have to buy a subscription for each account you have.
So with that, even if you cannot share it with another console, even in the same household,
having just buying one subscription instead of two or even three in some cases, it's pretty good.
Let me ask you this question, Akdeft, on kind of a little bit of a random tangent,
but obviously you call into the show quite a bit, and you're kind of known as our friendly neighborhood Mexican,
and you give a lot of perspective from living in Mexico,
and sometimes our perspectives are a little shifted here in the US,
because a lot of this stuff is really tailored for us here in the US, you know,
and to some extent, Britain and the immediate UK territories like Germany, France, Spain, and so on,
and Japan as well. How do these systems look from your perspective in Mexico?
Is Xbox One launching in Mexico?
Yeah, the Xbox One is launching in Mexico. Don't know if it's launching in November,
but it has a retail price. They're already launching pre-orders, and it's around 8,500 pesos,
which is around 600 or 700 dollars, I think.
Okay, and how does PlayStation 4 look?
And PlayStation 4 also seems that they're launching in November. I'm not sure at all,
but it looks like it, though it's launching for 1,000 pesos less, which is 7,500 pesos,
and dollars would be, I think, around 550 and 600 dollars.
So you're paying a premium similar to what our friends over across the Atlantic pay,
because in the European territories, it's a little bit higher as well.
Well, I mean, is this something, you've mentioned, you've crossed into America before
to sometimes buy things at a cheaper price with this stuff.
Is this something you're thinking about doing with the consoles, or no,
because you want to be able to play the download stuff, or?
Maybe I will, because at least Microsoft, something that has done in the past, even with the 360,
is that it has most of the digital content on par with the US, at least most of it.
Though the Xbox One doesn't look as appealing as the PS4 right now,
because the Xbox TV stuff won't work here.
At least not at launch, and I don't think it will work even in the first year.
So that is a feature that won't be used here,
and so the console will probably mostly be used as a gaming console,
and it's way too expensive.
Though, on the other hand, a Wii U costs the same.
And if you're going to live in Mexico, you've got to be able to watch the telenovelas,
because that, those are the bomb.
No way, it's all about lucha libre. Forget the drama, I like watching the wrestlers.
No, well it used to be all about sabarogicante, but that's gone now, if I am not mistaken.
They finally pulled that.
So telenovelas, they show some of them here, and they're great.
I like watching the wrestlers, they are absolutely fun.
I have a spicy telenovela, so no comments.
Alright, ActDeaf, thank you so much for the perspective, we appreciate it.
Have a good one, okay?
You too, thanks for having me.
No problem, any time, bye.
1877 GameOLR, our username on Skype is OrangeLoungeRadio.
You know what's interesting, I didn't even ask ActDeaf about Nintendo at all,
and he's such a big Kirby fan.
I know he must have been squeaking at the Kirby in the Smash Brothers trailer.
I mean, duh, Kirby's going to be in a Smash Brothers game,
but I'm sure he was excited to see that.
I think we can squeeze in one more call, if somebody wants to try and get it.
It was just lighting up a minute ago, so we'll try to squeeze in one more.
We're just after 9 o'clock, but we've got a little bit of a late start tonight,
and we had a really awkward beginning here live,
which I'm going to edit out all that dead air for the podcast, sorry, but it was weird.
Alright, we've got at least one more call coming in, so let's try to take it.
Hi, you're on OrangeLoungeRadio, who's this?
Hey, this is Tiki.
Hey, what's up?
Hey, not much. I just want to say one thing and ask a question for Doc Sakura.
Oh?
Okay.
Sony 1E3, that's it for me.
That's it, huh? There's nothing, there's nothing, no convincing you otherwise.
Sony 1E3, huh?
Like, the way that Microsoft handled their DRM, they treat you like you're a criminal,
and that's, no, there's no way.
They're alienating their audience, plain and simple.
Alright, what's your question for Doc Sakura, and then I'm going to throw you a curveball.
Okay, um, I saw, like, the trailer for...
He likes the trailer for, you just cut out, The Joys of Live Radio.
Okay, um, I saw the trailer for Final Fantasy XIV, Realm Reborn, on the PS3.
What's the game play like on the, since you're in the closed beta?
I'm not playing it on PS3, I'm playing it on PC, and it's pretty much standard, you know, Momofare.
It's, uh, you know, what I like about the combat in the game is that you don't have to stop to loot,
it will automatically auto-loot.
Um, you actually get to choose, I mean, well, they've sort of incorporated this in Mists of Pandaria lately,
is actually getting, um, items from doing quests that are for your class specifically,
as opposed to getting just everybody's stuff.
Um, I'd like, um, the server that we're on is pretty crowded, I'll go ahead and say that right now,
I don't like that so much.
But, um, it's really fun, the game is smooth, even if you have a little bit of slowdown,
it's not like a really horrible lag, you don't find yourself being stuck anywhere, if that makes sense.
And, uh, the whole fate system, I enjoy that, basically you have these big group battles that give you extra experience.
There's really just a lot of positive to be said about it, and on top of that, it looks like, you know,
whereas even with the current graphical updates on World of Warcraft, Final Fantasy XIV looks like a new game.
It looks and plays like a new game.
The gameplay from it looks like, kinda looks like a, on par with Guild Wars 2 graphically.
I would say so, and on top of that, you know, keep in mind the last time I played Final Fantasy XI,
was in its original sort of play style with your group dynamics.
The group dynamics in this are a lot different, I think I like it a lot better.
Is it still like our Grand Fest, like it is in XI in the beginning?
I haven't noticed any problems grinding.
Okay.
Yeah, I'm enjoying it, I'm enjoying it a lot.
Actually, I hate being under NDA for saying stuff about the last beta,
but the improvements that they're making are noticeable and very good.
It's gonna be a really rich game when it boots.
I might try it out on my first MMO on the PS3.
Well, I can't speak for how it plays on the PS3,
because I play on a PC just because of the problems with my hands,
but I enjoy it, that's all I can say, I like it.
Shane would vouch for it.
Yes he will, yes he will.
Shane would probably jump up and down on a trampoline saying how much he likes it, but you know.
Alright, here's the curveball I wanted to throw at you before you guys got on Final Fantasy XIV.
No, no, this is important, because this is for a lot of people,
because everybody's turned E3 into Sony versus Microsoft, Sony versus Microsoft, da-da-da-da-da.
Where does Nintendo sit with you?
That's my curveball.
Where does Nintendo sit right now?
Funny you should ask that, I actually watched the Nintendo Direct the day of,
on that day that they streamed it,
and what my general overall feeling for that is,
2014 is the year that we, for me.
So, in other words, it's kind of one of my earlier tweets I'd put out there was like,
boy, Nintendo's sure setting up a great season for 2014, too bad about this year.
Yeah, it's like there's nothing really that catches my eye, this year at all.
There's the Mario game, the Mario 3D game looks great,
but I mean, the Donkey Kong game, again, Donkey Kong's a solid platformer,
but I think that's the problem, you've got two platformers with Mario and Donkey Kong.
Yeah, I kind of wish they'd gone a different direction, but they could have done a lot worse.
I guess there's nothing hardcore for me to play, that's why I like playing.
So platformers are the party games.
Alright buddy, I'm going to let you go so we can wrap up the show,
but do you have any other final thoughts?
No, that's it.
Alright, thank you, have a good one.
You too.
Alright, bye-bye.
Alright, that's going to do it for the Skypline tonight,
I'm sorry to those of you that didn't get through tonight,
but I do have this very important update.
According to Tigerclaw, and I went to the wiki to verify it,
Sabado Higante is still on the air.
I thought they were canceling it in 2011 or 2012,
but no, it celebrated its 50th anniversary on October 27th, 2012.
They have some new co-hosts, but maybe they just stopped carrying it here locally or something,
but that would seem weird.
I think a show that's as old as that, it wouldn't stop.
I guess I'm just not watching enough Mexican TV,
but for what it's worth, I don't watch enough American TV either,
so at least that's equal.
Alright, well there's your very important update.
Thank you to the chatters.
Alright, that's it for the Skypline tonight.
I got to get to some of these tweets we were getting,
because we were getting some good tweets.
And Loki, I always like to put a call out for last minute stories if you have anything.
Yeah, real quick, I was going to mention that, well, it's kind of funny,
we talk about porn a lot on this show,
and one of the things that they're looking to bring to the Oculus Rift, porn.
And it's actually being done by this startup studio.
The game's called Wicked Paradise, and they're getting funding for it right now,
but they're trying to make, I guess, a game that will get people horny.
Genuinely horny.
Wow.
Yeah, so they've got information on that.
So I thought that was kind of funny.
And then I forgot to mention in the releases this week,
a new Luigi U is going to be on the eShop this week.
Yeah, when I heard about that, I was like, oh, yeah, that is real soon.
So, pretty neat.
Let me get to some of the tweets here real quick.
sj100matt tweeted us about comedian Lewis Black talking about Xbox One and Google Glass on the Daily Show.
I have seen that YouTube floating around.
Because I was out of town, I haven't watched it yet.
DarkSakura, some folks saying it should be maybe a fortune cookie in a future week.
Because I know you do like Lewis Black, so check that out.
Yeah, I love Lewis Black.
Let's see, we got a tweet here from Ionotropic who notices that storm is heading his way.
The one that got Bobby.
So stay safe.
Unplug stuff if you want.
Let's see, DarkTetsuya says Bemani may be dead in the States, but it lives on in Japan.
BeatMania 2DX21's Spada is on location test.
And they said they weren't doing it anymore.
Please tell me that somebody is saying this is Spada.
Please tell me that's a joke.
Somebody?
Alright, fair enough.
Let's see, Act F tweeting us that Pacman CEDX is coming to Steam.
I did not know. That's kind of cool. I think that would be a fun game to play on PC.
Is that part of that PC? No, I guess it's a separate thing.
Tigerclaw tweeting us, Sega launching a new Sonic the Hedgehog series titled Sonic Boom.
It's by the creators of My Little Pony Friendship is Magic. Oh God. Oh man.
Don't care anymore.
That's some fandom skill. You gotta give it at least a chance. You gotta try at least one episode, DarkSakura.
You gotta try it before you know it's really-
I did. It was stupid.
No, I'm not talking about My Little Pony. I'm talking about Sonic Boom.
Oh, maybe.
That does- Are we sure that's legit? Are we sure that's legit?
Because that does sound a little bit fan wanky. I'm just saying. I'm just saying. Alright.
And lastly, Rama tweeting us a story about Tekken producer Katsuhiro Harada missing.
But actually, I think this was on our show roll last week but got bumped because of all the Microsoft news that was happening.
I want to say there was a late-breaking update that he kind of just ran away for a little bit.
But he's fine. He's safe. Don't worry. He's okay.
What about the other dude?
Which one?
The guy that was Knuckles Dasa was?
We haven't heard an update on him. I don't think. Thank you for asking.
I'm gonna look. I don't know. I haven't heard.
That's too bad.
Oh well.
I'm actually trying to find real quick where that Facebook is that might have an update.
Live radio, guys, while I try to find this.
Trying to see if there's anything-
We're talking about Mexican wrestling now.
Really?
What the hell?
There it is.
Unfortunately, I'm looking at- and the website is, if you want more information on this, findknuckles.com.
And they say that they're still out searching as often as they can when weather permits over the past week.
They went out to Bowen Island. These are some places around Vancouver and so forth.
So unfortunately, it sounds like he's still missing.
So guys, especially if you're in the Pacific Northwest, and that goes double if you're in the Vancouver area, please check out findknuckles.com.
It's gonna redirect you to a Facebook page, but just trying to get the latest on that.
Boy oh boy.
Let me see if I have any other tweet stories here.
I don't think so, but I'm giving private messages.
I'm getting told to take Sonic Boom with a grain of salt.
Stay tuned for Anime Jam Session for all the latest on that. They'll tell you what is going on there.
People are welcome to like what they like.
That's right.
I don't have to like it.
I got sent this story here.
Microsoft looking into playing games offline on Xbox One.
Oh, sure they are.
That was the one that, if I remember correctly, this is the one that's from the NeoGaf thing where someone had proposed,
hey, you can have it so that it's optional so that, you know.
Oh, the Major Nelson thing where he tweeted or whatever saying, yes, we could do that.
It's possible. I think that's what this is.
Here's the thing with this story.
Anything is, there's gonna be a lot of discussions after E3.
You know, Microsoft, Microsoft really thought they were doing the right thing here.
You know, and I think that's one thing I might have neglected to say in the beginning, so if, you know, I missed that, then I'm sorry.
But Microsoft, I think in their minds, as twisted as it is, is trying to do the right thing.
And go back to what I said earlier about they think that people want an Apple-like device, not necessarily the same thing they saw with 360.
And that's the huge difference you heard in their press conferences was that, you know, when Jack Trenton was there stabbing Microsoft in the jugular,
he said, we know that gamers like it just the way they are.
When you hear what Microsoft is saying, no, gamers want something different.
So in their mind, whether they're right or wrong, they're doing the right thing here.
So a lot can change.
I kind of think it's too late to reverse course and backpedal for this holiday season, and I think they're gonna pay for it, but you never know.
A lot can happen. We'll see what happens.
But I think it goes without saying anything is possible.
But don't expect anything next week, because there's gonna be a lot of board meetings and a lot of conferences that happen
and a lot of consulting that happens over the next and focus groups.
I would say you're not going to hear anything for about three months,
although they need to get something out a lot sooner if they want to get more preorders to the holiday season.
But technically they could do it right up until the day it's out and still sell a lot of them.
We'll see. Anything's possible.
OK, I'm just looking at stuff in the chat at live.vognetwork.com.
The chat room is all over the place.
Yeah, all over the place.
Akuma JP says, an Apple-like device. Xbox One looks like my grandpa's VCR.
Betamax!
Shadow Next Gen says, Microsoft could do something at PAX Prime since it's in their backyard.
You know, Bobby and I were talking about that a little bit in the car or at Disneyland. I wanted to.
We had some time together talking about all this stuff.
And yeah, actually that was brought up that PAX Prime would be a very good place to make your case directly to the gamers
that you seem to have ruffled feathers with.
It's going to be a very interesting PAX Prime.
Too bad we're all going to Dragon Con.
We'll be following everything on Twitter and news and all that stuff as it goes on.
Alright, that's it. We're about to the end of the show. It's been a very, very busy night tonight.
So I think it's about time we wrap up and take it back to the other shows here, The Voice Geeks Network
and our big 11th birthday show next week.
Any other last minute stories before we get to that?
Nope.
There's a small thing. There's some people being suspended from eSports or whatever for some Dota 2 match fixing.
I guess it's allegedly that one team bet against themselves and threw the match.
Apparently. And now they're banned.
Some people.
All for about a $100 bet.
Well, cheating's cheating.
Alright, that's going to do it for another episode of Orange Lounge Radio.
Hey, if you enjoyed the show tonight and if you disagree with us wholeheartedly,
thank you for sticking with it for three hours.
But if you think we're not being fair to Microsoft or maybe being too fair to Microsoft or Sony or Nintendo,
send us your feedback.
It is a show where every gamer has a voice and we're interested in what you have to say.
Mailbag at OrangeLoungeRadio.com is our email address.
Or you can also reach out to us on Twitter at Twitter.com slash O-L-R
or post on our Facebook page at Facebook.com slash OrangeLoungeRadio.
We do read all of it even if we don't always respond to it right away.
And we thank you guys for your support and especially with all the bullshit that's going on
with Bobby's house getting hit by lightning right now which really sucks.
The way you guys are really banding together in chat just really shows why this network is an amazing place
and I'm really happy to have you all as a part of it going into next week's birthday show.
I think that's a great thing to keep in mind.
We will be back to do it all again next week with our 11th birthday.
JV Mohn will be here in the house in the East Coast representing New York City peeps.
I really need to get back to New York City.
I want to go.
I know.
I haven't been since I was a senior in high school.
I haven't been in a while either.
But anyway, let's go around and get everybody's final thought before we wrap up tonight.
My final thought tonight is I need to download and play Marvel Heroes this week
because I keep hearing about it and I keep forgetting to play it.
So I will play it this week.
Yes, I know, DarkSakura.
But I want to give it a try for myself.
Loki, your final thought tonight?
Hopefully my...
I've got these, what is it, Ethernet Overpower adapters that I'm getting
so that I can hook up my PlayStation 3 to the front room TV
instead of having to have to drag a 50-foot Ethernet cable into that room
because remember, I have a launched 20-gig system that doesn't have Wi-Fi.
Yeah.
So hopefully that will come soon so I can do that.
And I need to download and install and play Final Fantasy XIV.
Lastly and certainly not leastly, DarkSakura, your final thought tonight?
The sore throat.
Aw.
It started during the mailbag and I will try not to breathe on anybody just in case.
You need another cup of coffee or a lozenge?
I'd like a lozenge.
Or both.
Sadly, I don't have any.
But I could totally do Jewish mother voice now.
All right.
That does it.
Thank you guys again for downloading us and supporting independent podcasting.
If you like what you heard, tell a friend or two about the show.
Help spread the word.
Help grow our amazing family here at the Voice of Geeks Network, Orange Lounge Radio.
And we'll be back to do it all again next week.
Thank you guys very much.
See ya.
See you next week.
All right.
No.
Be quiet.
Be quiet.
I wasn't ready for you.
I guess that thing was looping.
We gotta get to our fortune cookie message of the day.
I've had such a long day today.
Oh my gosh.
That was a busy show tonight, you guys.
Thank you guys for all the kind words.
Early bedtime for Rob.
It wasn't a super funny show, but I felt the discussion was good.
It can't always be dick and fart jokes.
We had a lot of fun.
It can't always be dick and fart jokes.
We had a lot happen.
Yeah.
So thank you guys.
You guys really contributed to that.
All right.
Let's get to the fortune cookie message of the day, guys.
And then we'll be back to wrap it all up.
