Orange Lounge Radio
Who's your hosts? DarkSakura, Skie, and Loki
Tonight, June 23, 2013, a firmware update on PlayStation 3 bricks some consoles. Saints Row IV will embrace modding.
And could a Final Fantasy XII remake be in the works?
Orange Lounge Radio
Hello everybody out there on the internet and welcome back to another week of the show where every gamer has a voice.
It is Orange Lounge Radio, episode number 509 for this June the 23rd of 2013.
My name is Rob Roberts and joining me as she has for the past 11 years to the day, say hello to DarkSakura, Jamie Summers.
And that's how you feel about the past 11 years, all summed up, right?
No, I'm very happy about making 11 years. I just am on the tail end.
It just wouldn't be an episode of OLR if you weren't-
If I hadn't been sick all week.
If you hadn't been sick all week, alright.
I have no idea what's up, but whatever this flu thing is can bite my ass. Actually, it bit my ass.
That's the problem, is it bit your ass a little too hard?
Well, it can stop.
Alright, also say hello, also joining us every week for the past 11 years, probably a better attendance record than both myself and DarkSakura.
Say hello to Loki.
Hi.
How are you doing, Techmaster Loki?
I'm doing alright.
I heard you took up a new programming language in the past couple of weeks.
I've just been learning C++.
Yeah?
And-
You're programming in French.
And, you know, it feels like it sometimes, I swear.
It's like, like I had the- there was- I've been picking up pretty fast. I think I started like on Tuesday, maybe? Or I think it was this week.
Yeah, it was like on Tuesday.
And I've already gone through most of this first book.
I'm now in the object-oriented stuff.
And then they're gonna start, I think- I'm trying to think what's left.
There's polymorphism, which I have no fucking clue what that means.
And Windows programming, because right now it's all console window stuff.
You know, DOS, if you will.
And then very simple things.
Although I've made a lot of gambling games, because that's a lot of the-
I was gonna say, what's the goal with this?
Are you trying to make an OLR dream game into reality in a few years?
I'm just trying to learn how to program games.
Yeah, well, mainly I want to work in Unity, and you know, it's good to know programming stuff.
I think it's healthy, because when you sit here and you bitch about games every week for the past 11 years,
it's good for you to feel the pain a little bit about what it goes in to make some games.
Well, yeah, I just wanted to have like some sort of a language.
Just to get the basics so that I can learn other languages if I want to learn like Java or something like that.
You can take a lot what you learn and apply it to others.
I find source code for games fascinating.
Just randomly today I was on the internet, and I was looking up old Atari 2600 games,
and there was one in particular that I remember from back in the day.
Of course, now I'm gonna forget the name. I think it was called Dragonfire.
It was a game that had like two screens, and in one you were running across the castle bridge,
and you were trying to dodge fireballs, and you would get into the room with the dragon.
You had to pick up all the chalices and everything in the room and get to the door.
Hopefully somebody out there knows what I'm talking about, so I don't sound like I'm smoking crack.
This is an Atari 2600 game. My point is, the source code is out there for you to download and look at,
and it's all commented, so you can see exactly what it went into making those games.
It's like, man, programming for the Atari 2600 was a bitch because...
It's all assembly, yeah.
Well, yeah, and you had like no space. Those cartridges.
The beginning Atari 2600 cartridges were 4K. 4K? It's 4,000 characters.
Yeah, that's not a lot.
Yeah, yeah, that's part of the reason that Pac-Man sucks so bad,
but we'll leave that for another time because there's too much in gaming this week to talk about Atari 2600.
But I do want to introduce, here in our studio, welcome back.
It's been exactly one year since he was last at the show.
Say hello, everybody, to JV Mon is here tonight.
Hello.
Hey, how you doing?
Doing all right, just staring at these peanut butter brownies.
Yeah, we're having a hard time hearing.
You should have another.
Can you hear me now?
Yes, a little bit.
You're still kind of quiet, but I think that's just the mic over there is a little weird.
It's the peanut butter brownies stealing my voice.
Yes, here in studio tonight we have peanut butter brownies, which were baked from Becky, right?
Yes, Becky says happy 11th, and she is going to a movie with her mother tonight.
Tell Becky that I love her and I hate her all at the same time.
I will. She's such a bitch.
I love her for these brownies. I hate her for these brownies.
Mostly love.
I told her that it's basically her contribution for not being here is that she's going to basically make everybody fatties.
She made two pans, by the way, so she's got some herself.
It's also worth noting that JV Mon brought to the show a nice bottle of Silver Patron for us to consume.
So now I can combine worlds a little bit because you were telling me before the show you have yet to have a fireball shot.
I've never had fireball whiskey.
So we're going to take, I'm going to get Pod Culture's bottle that he sent us from the repository and then we're going to have some drinks.
We're going to get drunk.
Yeah.
Girl, we going to drink?
We're going to drink.
Quickly, we got to get into gaming news because there's huge news this week and I want to turn it over to Jamie so we can get into that.
Because the last few episodes, last few episodes of OLR, we don't have time to fuck around.
There's too much-
We ain't got time for this shit.
Gaming news or gaming weeks and what have we been playing? Nobody cares because we had a console war and it's getting good.
It's getting real good.
It's getting classic.
But quickly, JV Mon, since you're here, obviously I want you to comment throughout tonight's show, but you are an indie broadcaster as well, right? Off and on?
Off and on when, you know, I actually get around to uploading my podcasts.
Yeah. And what podcast is it that you do?
I do a mostly Eurobeat based podcast called Super Euro Power Hour, which I don't think, once in the history of the show, I've actually had a show under an hour.
It's more like Super Euro three and a half power hour.
You are still really quiet and I can't figure out why and it's bothering me. So I apologize to the listeners that are like, he's too quiet.
Live radio.
Live radio. I got to adjust things on the fly.
It's the acoustic absorption properties of the brownies.
It wouldn't be 11 years of Orange Launch Radio if there weren't technical problems on the fly.
And people usually say I'm too loud. And it's funny, it's like, they can't hear me.
Actually, now you're good. I think we fixed it.
All right.
All right. I had to turn up the gain so they can probably hear me on your mic back here.
No.
But it works. All right.
OK. Live listeners at live.vogradio.com. Let us know if you're OK with the sound or if we need to change things on the fly.
I'm sorry, did you give out the URL while I was adjusting your sound?
I did not.
Please do.
Just search on iTunes, Super Europe Power Hour.
I mean, I've been sitting on the last latest episode on my hard drive for like the past month.
It was recorded like almost two months ago.
Like, I'm an extreme procrastinator.
So new episode coming soon.
Eventually.
Soon is the word we use in the gaming industry. Soon.
Soon. New episode coming soon.
I mean, it's not like gaming where you got to be first to get the news out there.
It's just like, it'll be out there when it's out there.
Since you haven't been here in a year, you were here for the 10th anniversary, which was a crazy night all in itself.
So now you're 11 years.
That's just another week.
No one car about 11 years is just another week.
Quickly remind us.
What's what's you as a gamer?
What kind of video games do you play?
What do you like? What systems do you own?
I own most of them.
I if it comes out, I'll probably buy it.
I don't have a Vita anymore because I dropped it in a puddle.
And that's probably the saddest day in my life.
That's that's wow, son. Wow.
Yeah, like not even a year and it falls in a puddle.
And that's probably like the slowest 10 seconds in my life.
Just watching it go in a puddle, submerge, watching it power off.
Did it did it have that whole like what you say?
Did you have a dear sister moment with that?
Pretty much like I was like, no.
But yeah, and I'm considering either trying to fix it or buying a new Vita because.
I'm a consumer horror and I want my game systems.
Favorite video game of all time?
Ooh, Super Mario RPG.
And why is that?
I just love the story and the gameplay.
And that final boss battle as a kid, I remember I just remember renting it from Blockbuster, the cartridge,
because my mom was like, you ain't getting a new game.
So I was like, fine, Blockbuster.
So we would rent it like every week and I would play it during the weekends instead of doing my homework,
which, you know, wasn't a very responsible thing to do.
But hey, I was a kid.
Quickly, I think the listeners would enjoy this.
If you're willing to tell it, you ran out on you're visiting here from New York City, you're visiting family in San Francisco.
OLR Studios is only a two hour drive from San Francisco, which by that we appreciate you taking a drive here.
But while you're driving here, it took you about four hours to get here.
Why?
Because even though my Wii U is on the west east coast, I had this compulsion to buy Game & Wario.
Which isn't even getting good reviews.
So that tells me you're a little bit of a Nintendo fanboy. That's okay.
I do enjoy my Nintendo games, but I think it's just more, I need something new to play on my Wii U.
And it's like, oh my God, a new game out on the Wii U.
Stars Alive.
That's fair.
Alright, one more time, the Vita story.
What happened when it, you just dropped it?
Or what happened?
I was getting out of my car, I closed my car door, I left that part out.
My Vita just flew out of my pocket into a puddle.
It's like it's happening all over again.
And as it falls through the water, it just powers down slowly. Longest ten seconds of my life.
It's like the end of Terminator 2, it just sticks to its thumb out and slowly sinking down to the molten metal.
There is no fate but what we make.
Alright, love it, love it.
Tigerclaw in chat is asking, is that superhero power hour? No, that's super Euro power hour.
Euro, like Eurobeat.
Like Pala Pala.
Alright.
Okay, we gotta get into the news.
JVMom, please, as the show is going on tonight, feel free to comment on your thoughts on what's going on.
And I'm sure everybody's got something to say about this hot topic.
Dark Sakura, take it away tonight.
In the most professional language I can say, Microsoft done flipped a bitch.
Yeah, basically they put out a big announcement that said, okay, we're not doing all that other stuff, we're doing this instead.
So basically they're not requiring the internet connection to play offline Xbox One games.
Xboner, Xbox 180, the joke that everybody has been saying.
Basically you can trade in your games, resell, gift, rent discs, blah blah, sit on it, take a crap on it, they don't care.
You can do all of it, it's gonna be physical discs.
So it was sort of like, oh, all that? Oh, we weren't serious, never mind, click.
So yeah, complete reversal.
I have to admit, I was wrong, well I wasn't wrong, but I was mostly incorrect last week because I said there is no way Microsoft would reverse course that fast.
I said it will take a miracle for Microsoft to win the holiday season at this point, and within three days they parted the Red Sea.
Well they rode in on a white horse, like in History of the World.
You know within seconds of those planes getting back to Seattle, Don Mattrick is like, boardroom, now.
Right now, get in that boardroom.
As Don Mattrick said, your feedback matters, investors that have stock in our company.
Oh, consumers, oh fuck them, but yeah, you guys want us to make it so that more people buy our console, so yeah, I guess we better flip this.
Still one thing that's really confusing about the whole thing is that it does require a day one patch to enable this offline mode.
Which begs the question, these consoles aren't even fucking being manufactured yet, why the hell do I need a day one patch?
No system comes out without a day one patch.
Because I'm gonna give Microsoft a bit of a doubt here, I think they were so committed to their vision that they had already coded the firmware.
Because you know, firmware don't write itself, you know coding now, firmware don't write itself.
Somebody's gonna have to write this new firmware and it's just not gonna be done by the time these consoles press.
I'm giving them a bit of a doubt there.
Alright, I'll play that.
Then it needs to be on the disk, like it is with games where they have the firmware update on the disk.
That way, just saving you guys some trouble there Microsoft, that way you don't have a situation where,
Oh shit, I don't have internet, I can't fucking play anything because I can't do my day one patch.
Although, granted, they're probably, data is free, disk costs money even if it's a penny a disk, they have to manufacture how many disks?
No, I'm not talking about manufacturing disks, I'm talking about putting it on their game disks.
Like they're doing with the current gen stuff.
Or you used to be able to download.
Yeah, I understand you can download and burn your own stuff, but once again that requires that you have internet.
So I'm just saying that you put it on the game disk since those disks have not been pressed yet.
And there you go, problem solved.
Since obviously you're gonna have to connect the internet to, or you're gonna have to want to play a game before you can figure out that you can't play a game without that update.
So putting the disk in the drive should solve the problem.
If they were smart, although they flip flopped on levels of intelligence, so it's hard to say.
I don't know, when you talk like that it still sounds like the whole let's kick Microsoft while they're down mentality.
Alright fine, connect is still connected.
Okay, now we can have a real conversation. Yes, connect is still connected.
And it's $100 more.
We'll get into that later in the show.
As far as the $180 on the DRM is concerned, is this a victory or is this a defeat?
Because I saw a lot of very interesting chatter on Twitter and Facebook as soon as this was announced.
There was a lot of people that were like, yay.
And I was probably one of those people.
I was like, my biggest problem, my number one problem with the Xbox One was that if I buy a game, I don't have the right to sell it back on my own terms.
I have to follow Microsoft's predesignated terms.
I didn't really care about the 24 hour thing. The DRM thing didn't bug me nearly as much as that component did.
So the fact that that's not a factor now makes me feel like, okay, I can support Xbox One, I'm good with that.
But there was a lot of people on Twitter and Facebook very hurt about, well, because we're now taking this out, we're going to have to take the quote unquote cool features out with it.
And the one thing I kept hearing over and over again was family sharing, family sharing.
Which to me, I'm like, what does that mean? Because some people honestly have it in their heads, I think, based on the tweets I saw that family sharing was going to allow you to buy a game and share it with 10 people unconditionally.
And if that is really the way you were thinking, then can I have some of the glue that you're huffing to glue your screws back in?
Because, I'm sorry, that is not a win situation for the publisher or for Microsoft or anybody.
Remember, they're in the business to make money. They're going to, if they're getting rid of used games because they're saying, oh, you know what, used games are really hurting the new game sales.
They're not going to put this thing, okay, we're going to get rid of used games, but we're going to have this method where you can buy one game and you can have two people play at the same time.
Nope, that is not going to happen without some sort of restrictions.
Raven's Dolphin in chat says, I don't think family sharing was not going to be that great. I heard it was going to be like a one hour demo.
Yeah, I saw that story floating around the internet too.
Anonymous pace spin.
We don't know. We don't know what it was supposed to be. So why are people getting so upset about something we didn't know about that we lost?
It's sort of like people talking up the fantasy of what they want it to be and, you know, how rumors spread. It's like a giant game of telephone.
And they get so excited about what they think that this final thing is going to be without having anything to back it up. So it's like getting excited about Tooth Fairy bringing you a quarter.
I guess people just feel that there's such a loss of potential innovation, even though they don't know what exactly it was. It's like, what was it? I don't know, but it could have been something great.
It could have been something really terrible.
I'm I can see the whole we want to look forward and not backward. I can kind of follow that to an extent.
But Varian is the real problem with this whole thing, because Microsoft was so good at communicating the negative and so crappy at communicating the positive.
That's why they lost this battle.
Well, then on top of that, they the whole issue with Kinect having this still be connected to the console.
And I understand why they're doing it so that, you know, it can be assumed that any developer out there is making a game can develop a game that uses a Kinect because the Kinect is going to be there.
Blah, blah, blah. My thing is, though, while they just have it where they assume that it's going to be there and then you don't have to have it connected and you don't have to use it, because obviously a lot of those games that they actually all of those games that they showed during their press conference didn't use Kinect.
Or it was an optional thing. So if this is so integral into their console, why am I not seeing how it's being used?
That's revolutionary, you know, aside from grenade, grenade, reload, grenade, grenade.
To be fair, because most of that revolutionary stuff has nothing to do with the games.
If you want to see where they were showing that off, go back to their earlier press conference at the end of May when they showed the calling people during the TV shows and the fact that everybody has one of those brings people connected.
I'm not saying that's a smart decision, but I'm saying that is the decision. And for me it's not a deal breaker.
But, anyway, I want to read some of these other comments in chat. We got Koopa Kid Jeremy says, some of those cool features could still be implemented.
Like, why not give the option to gold subscribers? That's kind of where my head's at.
My mindset is, okay, so you lost the battle with the disc-based games. Fine. Disc-based games, the way you know it and love it today, right? Why not have that be the market?
Digitally-based games? Why can't you just have two license types depending on how you bought the game?
I mean, I don't see a lot of advantage to buying games digitally today outside of, all right, well, I get, what, 5, 10% back on the Wii U, right, when I have the deluxe program?
You get 10% off on PlayStation Network.
Yeah, you get some of those deals. Okay, so financial incentive, that's good. But what if some of the pluses were, okay, when you buy a game digitally, you can instantly send it to JV Mon in New York City without having to mail the disc to him.
I could just instantly give him the license. That is kind of cool. Why can't I still have that for a digital game?
I'm not really hearing the, why that has to be taken away. I mean, yes, Xbox and Microsoft has to go back to square one to reinvent some of this stuff.
Because there's a lot of, unfortunately, the thing is there's a lot of people that have to give approval to that. You have to get the approval from the publishers, you have to get approval from, you know, well, they have to create the infrastructure for it and stuff.
And it's just, I don't think there's a lot of incentive for them to do that. Whereas, you know, you could do all sorts of crazy stuff on PC and, you know, you get better pricing with Steam and stuff just because there are multiple places that you can buy Steam, you know, licenses and stuff.
And they're all competing with each other for, you know, the lowest prices. Or you can get DRM free or whatever, you know.
Desura, I mean, there's a lot of options available. Whereas, that's why it always bugged me when people are like, well, you know, when they get rid of the used games, it's going to drive the price of games down.
I'm like, no, it's not going to fucking drive the games down because what they've done now is they've even limited the marketplace so much more that you can only, you know, return your games at certain retailers.
So basically, these retailers are going to have an advantage and are they really going to be, you know, wanting to drop the price of their game considering, you know, or the game that they're selling because, you know, you're going to be more likely to go there anyway.
So why bother trying to compete when they're kind of limiting the competition?
I am very curious about where people's heads are at after all this DRM stuff because for me, I'm, you know, I had the whole discussion last week about I'm out, I'm out, I'm not having this.
But now that this is mentioned that they're going to remove this, I'm probably going to get an Xbox One.
I'm not going to get one this holiday season because that's too much. Like, just financially, I can't afford it.
But next year, especially when more of these exclusives are out, by the time Halo 5 is out, I'll get one. I think I'll get an Xbox One now that the DRM thing has worked out.
But that's me. And I'm really curious about you guys. So I want to use this as an excuse to go to a live poll.
So if you go to live.vognetwork.com, there's a poll up right now.
How do you feel about an Xbox One post 180?
Obviously, how do you feel about it after the flip?
Four answers. I was going to buy one, and I still am. I was going to buy one, but now I'm not.
Maybe, I don't know. I was going to buy one before, or excuse me, I wasn't going to buy one before, but now I am.
And then I'm still not buying it. What's your thoughts on Xbox One right now?
Live.vognetwork.com if you're a registered VOG Network participant. We'll read the answers here momentarily.
Jamie, I was going to ask where your head's at with this. You read us the story, but you didn't tell me where your head's at after it.
I still don't care enough about the Xbox One to get one. Dan and I were pretty much already decided on the PS4 because it's an upgraded Blu-ray player.
And keep in mind, our PS3 is a release model. So it's been surviving for a very, very long time.
And we don't know when it's going to go. So yeah, we had already decided on the PS4.
And I think that this is too little, too late. There's still a lot of unknowns. They haven't clarified anything.
And I don't really care about the Kinect. I really don't. I don't really care about Move.
But at least I have an option of not having to buy Move. I would rather just not deal with it.
All right. We'll read the answers momentarily. The Xbox One exclusives were good enough for me that I'm very interested in checking it out.
And still, as we learned this week, a lot can change still between now and the day this thing launches.
I'm not saying they're necessarily going to go back on the Kinect policy and all that, but it is not without reason that Microsoft couldn't say,
hey, we're going to do the subsidized console. We're going to put out our console for $299 with the two-year gold subscription.
I mean, there's still more ammo that Microsoft could throw at this thing that, you know, I don't know if we've seen the last of this just yet.
But we'll see. Any other comments on the Xbox DRM reversal situation? Anybody? All right.
The whole removal of features, it seems like, it was like, fine, you want it this way. We're just going to take our ball of special features and go home with it.
It seemed like kind of like a dick move that they probably could have just kept in there. What was the ball? What was it?
It was the potential. I brought you a present. But now that you don't want to do things my way, you're never going to find out what the present was.
I did like how they fed into like the whole like, oh, you guys, we heard your feedback and we're doing what's good for you.
Yes, I'm glad you're concerned about what's good for me now, three days later after your console sucked.
As funny as this conversation all is, though, for real, everybody was fucking pissed about it.
Sony got a standing ovation when they got there and they got to even interject negatives.
Sony got away with saying, we're going to charge you to play multiplayer.
The number one reason our fanboys love us more, I mean not the number one, but one of the big things fanboys love to hold over Microsoft fanboys heads is that you can play multiplayer.
You can play multiplayer free. We are going to start charging for that and nobody cares.
We're getting standing ovations because we went against Microsoft's policies.
And now that Microsoft switched those policies to be the same thing, I still feel like a lot of people are like, yeah, fuck them.
It doesn't matter.
Still charging less and and home still offered some more fun than Gold did.
Well, the perception is, too, that, you know, you have Sony who did the right thing the first time.
Now, whether we know whether they changed the decision last minute, who knows.
But OK, so the perception is that they made the right choice the first time.
Then you have Microsoft that made the wrong choice in everybody's eyes and then kind of recanted on that because they they value what the consumer wants.
So, I mean, the problem that I have there is either, A, they didn't value what the consumer wants and they were going to do their own damn thing or B, they really didn't know what the consumer wanted.
And now they do all of a sudden. I mean, are they really out of touch or they just don't give a shit?
So I can't really I don't know. I don't really want to get an Xbox One right now.
And the reason and I love the controller and it looks like fun, but I just can't support that kind of thing.
And I'm sorry that, you know, OK, so you went back on it.
You know, that's kind of like if I called Jamie a giant bitch and then said, sorry, just kidding.
I didn't really mean that. It's still hurtful in the beginning. I do that every day.
I'm just saying, you know, I call you a bigger bitch. So what's that? That's fact fact.
So I'm just saying, like, are we supposed to all of a sudden forget, you know, the bad choices that they made just because they they went ahead and fixed some of it?
You know, I'm sorry. I'm just not going to. Well, I don't know.
OK, but to be low key, I got to play devil's advocate with you on that, because to be fair, Sony's made their own share of bad decisions.
That's true. So why are we so quick to loyally throw ourselves upon Sony?
Fuck me now, Sony, you're so wonderful. Give me everything my heart desires.
What bad decisions are we talking about here?
Well, for one, you're about to read a story later in the show that strikes me as a pretty bad decision to release a firmware when it's clearly not ready.
But that's one. The whole fact that the network got hacked and they had to shut down the system for for however long they did because of it.
OK. And then they appease everybody. And they also gave away free games as opposed to Microsoft, who said hack.
We didn't get fucking hacked. Your money just disappeared by ghosts. Ghosts stole it.
You know, like they didn't even fucking you admit that they've been hacked, even though it's been proven over and over and over again that they have been hacked.
And then they then they all of a sudden, oh, yeah, we're going to go ahead and increase our authentication for like stuff, make it a little harder to log in, you know, more security, because, you know, because we just we're we're valuing the consumer.
We want to make sure that you're protected and not because we got hacked and your money got stolen and we didn't do shit about it for over a year.
I I just recalled some other bad decisions that Sony has made in the past.
Are you ready? Here we go. Ladies and gentlemen, please welcome Kaz Harai Ridge Racer.
The essence of the PlayStation DNA is real change and the consumers are ready.
Genji two is an action game which is based on Japanese history. Ridge Racer being based on history.
The stages of the game will also be based on famous battles which took actually took place in ancient Japan.
So here's this giant enemy crab ridge racer and new best parts coming up.
We point for massive damage. It's Ridge Racer Ridge Racer.
PlayStation three will retail for five hundred and ninety nine U.S. dollars. Five hundred and ninety nine U.S. dollars. Five hundred and ninety nine U.S. dollars.
Giant enemy crab. Five. There you go. Those were all bad ideas. OK. Bad ideas that didn't affect the consumer really in any way.
Five hundred and ninety nine U.S. dollars. Five hundred and ninety nine U.S. dollars. It came down price.
So they launched their new system at five hundred ninety nine U.S. dollars. No it was not. It was at three hundred ninety nine.
And Microsoft is now launching at four hundred ninety nine. You'd think that they would learn the lesson.
But my thing is so that like even look at like PlayStation Plus PlayStation Plus is 10 bucks less a year and you get free games with that.
You get them on Xbox now. But only until the one we did buy the most expensive release of it because well Dan managed GameStop.
We had the in but we when we had the money for it we put it down. We wanted what what they had to offer the backwards compatibility.
It will definitely give in our collection. Yeah. Fully backwards compatible launch with Wi-Fi built in on one system one version of it.
But OK. But still though they paid for that with the poor sales and stuff.
So I think that they've made up for the fact that you know they basically don't want to repeat their mistakes.
However I just don't see a lot of like you know I don't see any decisions that they've made.
They've really affected the consumer poorly like you know oh hey we're gonna have this really weird DRM.
OK. Online passes they did that first party online passes which is a little ridiculous.
So they did that. So I guess that's a fault there. They're not doing it anymore. So they've corrected that mistake.
So I think they've taken all the like kind of negatives about their console and kind of corrected their mistakes and trying to go kind of a fresh start for their new thing.
Whereas Microsoft said hey you know we had a pretty good ride. Let's just see what we can do to I don't know make our ride go faster.
And they started ripping parts out of the car and then just somehow it's going to work better because they don't know what they're doing.
All right. Well this debate is going to be continuing for the next several months.
All I can say is like now we've got ourselves a console war like for real.
Like I I I don't remember one and I think I even said this last week before the reversal.
I don't remember a console war this good since the 90s and full page magazine ads.
It's like our system does with this one doesn't you know like this is the popcorn dot gift.
And yes I said gift. Deal with it. All right.
OK. I'm sorry. Bobby says Microsoft made mistakes in but corrected them. But fuck them. No they're still making mistakes right now.
And it's a little different saying you paraphrase the quote but that's OK. Whatever I'm OK.
His exact quote was Sony made mistakes but corrected them. So they're awesome.
Microsoft made mistakes but correct them. But fuck them. There's still a lot of bidding get to you.
There's still a lot. Yes. And saying that came for me. So there's still a lot though that they still have to fix that you know needs to be taken care of.
Price point connect always required. And basically just I don't know.
I just don't like the way that they're kind of looking at the consumers right now. It's kind of is very much like Sony was back at the launch of the PS3 where it's like you're our consumers and not our customers.
So I think I was expected though that Microsoft being a company of their size would kind of look at hmm here's what didn't work for the other guy.
So maybe we shouldn't try doing that too instead of it didn't work for them. But we're better. So we're going to make it work for us.
And that's my thing. All right. Let's get to the results a live poll because I shut this off like a minute ago and haven't read the results.
Okay. Here are the results of the live poll. How do you feel about an Xbox One post their 180. I'm surprised at these results. Here we go.
Number one answer with fifty three point five seven percent. I'm still not buying it.
Zero percent. Not a single single vote for I was going to buy one but now I'm not.
That doesn't surprise me much. But that does tell me that even for the fans the whole family share and all that that wasn't the deal maker.
There's upsetness over that but it's not it's it's not a done deal now that that's out of the picture.
That doesn't surprise me. Zero answers for that. Here's how the rest of it breaks down. Thirty two point one four percent for I was going to buy one anyway and still am.
So a third of the listeners buying an Xbox One that's not too shabby and then fourteen point two nine percent.
Where are my heads at. I wasn't going to buy one before but now I am. So I guess I am the fourteen point two nine percent.
Well I still want a PlayStation 4 just because I don't have to mainly because I'm play both at my work and at home and I don't want to have to lug the system and connect with me every time I'm going back and forth.
That's that reason. And it's one hundred dollars cheaper. Also all the first and this applies for both Sony and Microsoft all their first party exclusive tiles aside from the very like two or three at launch.
All of the ones that I really wanted to play aren't coming out until like sometime next year.
So I'm like I don't really feel the need to like buy an Xbox One now for Sunset Overdrive which by the time we get to next year who knows how many of those titles are going to be delayed beyond next year.
So last of us are not last of us the last guardian anybody. I mean so I don't know. To be fair again Loki Sony same problems could be there but I mean I said for both I said it applies to both.
I am in the PlayStation 4 camp and that's probably mostly for third party games. But yeah. All right. Anyway we got to move on. Thank you.
Thank you. Great discussion in chat. I just I haven't been able to read all the comments but I've been kind of watching so I just want to shout out live on network dot com.
And if you haven't been here for a live show you're missing out because some great like fourth host commentary going on and I want to say one thing though and this does apply.
This ties back to the PlayStation 3 launch where the fuck is a new Ridge Racer game because seriously there is how many consoles have launched recently and not one single fucking Ridge Racer game.
That is the launch game. I kind of think that between what I just played there and the Vita game I think Ridge Racer may not kind of make it may actually be viewed as a bit of a negative right now.
It may be not a game people want a bug bear doing it but bears the pretty awesome they did that. Microsoft's got fours as Sony's got this drive club.
You know it's they have a free to play Ridge Racer game that's coming. So that was the Vita. No the Vita one was buy to play or buy to get four tracks.
But they do have a free to play one by bug bear that's going to be a PC game. But maybe they'll come to the console as well. Jamie I'm looking at these comments in chat.
I didn't catch this whole thing but I know it's clear clear 404 talk about about the Intellivision was technology super technologically superior to the Atari.
You guys are kicking it old school in chat right now.
What got started on is you know all of the comparisons about the meeting it to console war but saying that these two are technologically similar to each other.
Well we're going over the console war between the Genesis and the Super Nintendo. Super Nintendo technically was the technologically superior system.
And the games did cost more because they were cost more to manufacture but they were in a stat to stat comparison technologically superior.
Then we went back to Intellivision versus Atari and I had a Cliccovision which kicked all of them.
How about the 80s though man you think what how many consoles do we have right now like maybe I guess maybe four.
You have your Xbox ones your PlayStation fours your Wii U and then the Android boxes. I'm going to lump all those in one category.
Well are kind of well the reason why I bring that up is that you go back to the 80s. Oh my God it was consoles and family computers all battling each other.
Let's start with the 70s we had the first Odyssey the Fairchild Channel F. There was the.
Well no I'm just I'm just thinking about those magazine ads I used to see where you would see the screenshots like a Frogger would show you a screenshot from the Atari computer Atari 2600 Commodore 64.
TRS-80, Coleco, Intellivision, Apple like the like there was a lot of fucking console like I guess they weren't really consoles.
They didn't really run into the exclusive thing so much. Gaming devices. It was like we need to get this shit out there. Yeah.
But I mean but if you think about it though I like as far as I can think of it.
There started to be that divergence between PC and console gaming but everything always went into a big bottleneck of popularity.
While you might have had other systems out you know things eventually slid back into the 8-bit era where it was the Master System versus the NES and the NES really stomped Sega with that.
But then you had Genesis versus SNES and then you had versus the TurboGrafx.
That's what I was saying is that you had NEC come in and put out their own system PC Engine in Japan which did a lot better over there than it did here.
And then you know then you start it just basically goes into this bottleneck you'll see other systems start to come around but now we're in this sort of.
It's like three is the sweet number for consoles out two to three systems that has to be that major competition and now we've got like the sitting there we've got phone game we have mobile gaming but really you're getting into the big three bottlenecks and it's like big big loops.
The way that the console thing goes and now we've got a full blown war again.
It's all just a big mess.
Drama.
All right.
Fun debate but we're almost to seven o'clock here on the west coast.
So I want to get into how is your gaming week so we can get into some news.
Ladies first dark soccer.
How is your gaming week and what type of video games have you been playing this week?
Final Fantasy 14.
It's purty.
It's purty.
Oh my God.
I have mine so it's like uber graphic everything.
And I have absolutely zero draw in.
It's amazing.
And the, the, the, the duties are hard.
They're fucking hard.
I have a level 13 thaumaturge.
And I have a I just made it okay I made a marauder because I wanted to see what the pirate stuff look like.
And I named her Friska because she's blue.
Well not blue she's gray.
Anyway.
So I've been playing that I've been playing massive I played some more Mass Effect three because I got all that high res stuff working and I actually have like a mostly high res Normandy interior now.
So I'm going to put that in as basically just making sure all my mods worked, but everything that has worked has been absolutely gorgeous.
And then I'm still playing through the first Mass Effect, which I'm also playing in a higher resolution because I've patched that one too.
Thank you text mod.
I'm trying to go through I did not say duty bite me.
I've been looking through my other list of games but to be perfectly honest, I have had zero energy all week because I've just had this flu that's kicked my ass.
And, unfortunately, I've been well actually I'm not saying unfortunately because sleep is awesome. I've been doing a lot of sleeping. I'm playing sleep the game.
Achievement unlocked.
You slept for 24 hours. Yes, I did.
All right, let me move on to our guests next.
You all are a bunch of five year olds.
You're done right.
Oh, everybody in chat.
All right, let me go to JV Montclair.
What did the hero do in the bathroom he did his duty.
JV one now is your gaming week. It was pretty good. I mean, all I have with me is my 3ds so that's kind of all I've been playing I've been playing mostly just Kingdom Hearts dream drop distance.
You told me before the show you've never played an Animal Crossing game. That is true. I've never played it.
Fuck is wrong with you.
It's like the furry Sims.
This is not the furry Sims maybe a little bit really isn't the first. I don't know, I never was given the game. When it came out on GameCube, so I didn't really care when it came out on DS, or we.
So I kind of, I kind of just don't care now everybody's like oh my god I'm crossing and I was like, okay.
Haters gonna hate. I'm not hating.
It's not hate when you don't care. All right, fine.
You would rather get apathy crossing. Sure apathy crossing.
With a little penguin that just says dot dot dot.
Now if you're going by the Japanese version animal forest, it would be like animal suicide forest.
That's morbid.
I'm not against the concept of me playing Animal Crossing it's just that I'm not going to be the one to go out and buy it for myself if somebody wants to give me Animal Crossing, I'll play it.
Oh, you're being a Jamie right now I'm not gonna, I'm not gonna buy Minecraft with my own money but if someone wants to get it for me.
I might fall in love with it, but I've also been playing Earthbound on emulator Android emulator and plants versus zombies.
My best friend got me plants versus zombies and my free time my free time Oh God what has happened to my free time, looking at some comments and chat at live.vognetwork.com SSJ 100 Matt, I haven't played an Animal Crossing game before, it must be a New York thing because you guys don't know what a forest is.
It must be something like that.
Koopa Kid Janko says, I'm trying to watch the chat, listen to the show and hunt beetles and Animal Crossing at the same time media overload.
At least those are all awesome things to be doing. And Brad from pop culture says I never played one either tell this new one. Welcome to crack forest.
I know the first thing I'm going to do is save up a million bells and buy a crown.
So I can be the queen of my village. I just, I was excited because I finally got to replace a villager saying, that's my favorite thing to do is to get them to say new things.
So in honor of Alan, my little breathe the bunny now says lol butts after everything.
You had a character in my GameCube one saying bitch face. Remember?
Maybe. I may have done that.
And then you stole my lesbian.
Yeah.
I'm so mad.
I do that. All right.
Anything else, Jamie?
No, I think that's about it.
Loki.
I just played Final Fantasy 14. Well, yesterday pretty much.
And it's all right. I played it on the PlayStation 3.
So the graphics are okay. I don't know if they're going to be that great compared to the PC though. Obviously not.
But it was fun. I am a level 8 black mage because I'm not going to fucking refer to their, the classes that have been in the goddamn franchise for how many years now.
And we're all of a sudden going to flip them on.
Here's the deal. Here's the deal. There are black mages like called a black mage in Final Fantasy 14.
It's BLM.
Yeah, you don't see.
Thaumaturge is different.
Yeah, you don't see them yet because they had to rear end that into the game. They had to like back park that into the game.
Because yes, the original creators of 14 were smoking crack and made up all these new classes like Thaumaturge, Gladiator and all this stuff that wasn't very Final Fantasy 14.
But when the fans bitched and moaned and complained, now the black mage and white mage, they're there, but they're advanced classes.
So at least in old 14, I think when you got like a Thaumaturge to 20 and a Conjurer to 10, you could become a black mage.
I might be screwing up those numbers, but like those jobs do exist later. They're just considered the advanced jobs.
So to be fair, Loki, amongst your anger.
As I said, level eight black mage. And basically I am spamming Blizzard to win. And that's, you know, kind of how it goes.
And I have thunder now and I can I guess thunder is like DPS or something. And yeah.
And I let my son play the game for a while. So there was there was a good portion where he was running into a wall and jumping in a fountain because, you know, and I had video of that.
But my wife does want me to post it on the internet because she's in it and she doesn't like being in any of the videos.
We may have to explain the lesbian, Rob.
All right. Please go ahead. Wasn't she like a duck or something?
No, she was an aardvark.
Yeah. No, she wasn't an aardvark.
She had the big blue nose. Didn't she?
No, I don't think she was an aardvark. I think she was a duck.
Whatever. But she was totally a gym teacher.
OK. Yeah. You go into her house. She's wearing sweats and everything is like one of those horses things that you jump over and gym equipment and everything.
Her her room was a gym.
So we and her house was playing KK Lilith Fair.
Yeah, it was playing some music or the other that sounded really, you know, very SJW now, I guess.
But so we put a rainbow sign outside her house and we like had her say something that was like super gay.
I don't know, because we were just being really awful because she was so stereotypical.
Yeah. And we just called her our lesbian.
Admittedly, these were horrible stereotypes.
But, you know, all in all, if you can't poke fun at each other, what can you do?
Exactly. So and I mean, I even I.
Everyone I ever showed this character to said, is she a lesbian? So she ended up being the town lesbian.
Apparently, she's the only one. She couldn't get a date. I mean, if someone had moved into the house with her, then we would have known.
Yeah, right. Bad stereotypes, I know.
OK. So anyway, anyway. So Rob stole her. Rob stole my lesbian, but I got her back.
I did want to mention one last thing, because I am taking that C++ course and is game related stuff.
So one of the later when I get into the whole racing engine making thing tutorial, there's an example game done by the guy that teaches the course.
He sings the theme song for it. And it's fucking fantastic. Really?
The guy's awesome, actually, because he's like this like Brit. I don't know if he's like British.
He kind of looks British. But how do you look?
It sounds pretty. He's extra.
He looks like the guy. And this is I hate him to stereotype.
Hey, stop, stop, stop.
He sounds British. OK, so you like his beans on toast.
He sounds British. But OK, so the guy he kind of just order a fucking crumpet.
Get out of here, you dirty Brit. And I hate even referring back to this.
But only because I had to watch the whole series of this damn show. He looks like the husband on medium.
OK, doctor, do you have to take a lift to get up to the classroom?
Welcome the pavement. Are you the doctor?
It's like I totally forgot what Loki was trying to really say, but it's all look at my face.
I ain't bothered. All right. Moving on. My turn.
So games that I've been playing this week, I've also been playing the Final Fantasy 14 beta.
And let me tell you, y'all, it's really good. I love it.
And I was was trying to spend some time thinking about why do I love this game so much?
Because I liked 11 to I liked 11 an awful lot.
I played it for three years, but 11 felt like a PC MMO that they kind of.
And I'm going to use that analogy back parked again into a PlayStation 2.
I realize 11 was a very PlayStation 2 or it was a very, very heavily played on PlayStation 2 in Japan.
But it really always felt like one thing real quick. I was going to mention about the on console,
because I don't know if you guys are playing with PC controllers or whatever keyboard, mouse and stuff,
but the macro system that they have now with the shoulder buttons and stuff is fucking awesome on the console.
So just mention. Well, I know, but I was going to say Final Fantasy 14 plays like a console game on the PC.
This truly feels like I'm playing like a console Final Fantasy game where there just happens to be
other people running around and we can go do dungeons together if we want.
And we can do the guild quest things if we want. We can do all that.
Or I could just play it myself and enjoy the story.
And like, I really think this new producer kind of gets it.
And you see it in the last letter that he put out there is like, that was long.
Well, if you really read it. Yeah.
Yeah. He's really trying to talk about, you know, there's a lot of people out there that are afraid to play MMOs
because they're like, oh, other people. So we wanted to create a story that would work without other people,
but we weren't necessarily going to make it easy. And I just, I thought that was a great way to approach it.
And that's how the game really feels to me.
Well, and there was the, what was the comment about you get caught up in the story of each town where,
and I really like that each town has its own sort of politics around that area instead of, oh,
can you go take this letter to Ironforge? Yeah, the dwarves are doing this, but we live in Stormwind.
Fuck them. Basically, you don't have to do the big town hopping thing.
You work in your community around your town and then when you've exhausted your area around your town,
then it's logical to move on. And so just going, well, I'm just going to level over here now.
It's the one thing that's really interesting to me. This game has potential to be a huge hit.
And I'm not, I don't even, I'm not going to say wow killer because I really think there's room at the table
for more than one online game. There's lots of online games people play.
I think Final Fantasy XIV Realm Reborn has the potential to be a huge game,
which is interesting because it's not the first time they've released the game, which is a whole nother story.
The problem is going to be that subscription fee and convincing people that, yes, to run around and play a solo game,
I'm going to pay $15 a month.
I'm convinced.
I'm convinced too, but there's going to be a lot of people that aren't.
I'm not. And the reason why is because there's other MMOs out there that, you know, played that just are that one time.
What new content are they really adding on a regular basis other than server upkeep?
It's just there's other games that you can buy at once and play it.
I can't dedicate enough time every month to playing this game when I'm playing a ton of stuff to justify paying a monthly subscription.
I'm very curious to see what Endgame looks like because that's going to be the make or break for this game.
It's convincing people once they beat the single player campaign to keep paying for this game.
You know what I mean? So we'll see. We'll see. I love it. We'll see.
I did have to say in looking at, and again, I didn't try it on PS3. I didn't want to bother with it because I can't use the controller anyway.
I did look at video comparisons and to be honest, I think that the PS3 version is going to, it suffers in the visual department.
I have a really important question for everybody. Can somebody please explain to me why this bottle of Patron is still sealed?
I need to be having a shot of that if I'm going to drive home.
I'm like, why is this thing not open yet? Anyway, I'll work on that.
I'm curious to see what the PS4 version is going to look like.
Me too. I have one other game I got to talk about real quick because everybody's been talking about Final Fantasy XIV, but I do have one other game that's important for me to get out there.
Super Mario Brothers U had the DLC come out for Super Luigi. What's it called? Super Luigi Brothers U or something?
It's New Super Luigi U.
Whatever it's called, y'all know what it is. It's the game with Luigi.
It really threw me at first because I'm like, Nintendo DLC, this is so weird.
I know they had the levels on the 3DS one, but to do it on a console, this is so weird.
But here it is, you guys. It's the exact same map, but all the stages in the map have been redone when you play as Luigi.
And it's really cute because they threw in some illusions to Luigi.
Like there's Luigi shapes in the dirt that you see, like little Luigi fossils or something.
You see little statues of Luigi made out of the bush, and they're not all obvious.
Like some of them are kind of very subtle, so I really kind of like that they threw all those nods to Luigi in there.
But anyway, every level is redone and you only have 100 seconds to clear each level.
So honestly, Super Luigi U is like a really good ROM hack that Nintendo endorses.
That's not a bad thing. I think it's pretty cool.
20 bucks, a little hefty, but it's very, very robust.
I mean, it is every single level start to finish.
Granted, you only have the 100 seconds, but I think there's going to be a lot of people that are up for the challenge of,
not only can I clear the level, can I get all three coins?
Because some of them are really hard and it's going to take that Mega Man level of muscle memory in order to be able to do it.
And I think there's a lot of people that want that difficulty out of a Mario Brothers game.
So here you go. Enjoy.
Gameguru in chat says, now it's Luigi's time to shine.
Nabbit steals all the power-ups. Dang, Nabbit.
Yeah, Nabbit is still, that whole thing is actually still in the game.
But you know what else is weird? Because since Mario's not in it, you have Luigi the two toads and Nabbit is the fourth player.
So you could have Nabbit chasing Nabbit. It's very meta.
But Nabbit actually is the kind of easy mode in the game because Nabbit can't die.
Oh, really? I didn't know that. Oh.
I haven't switched away from Luigi. Interesting.
Tigerclaw reminding us Super Luigi U is also going to be a standalone product as well.
You know, I got to give props to Nintendo for really dummy-proofing their DLC.
Like, they're not trying to make an easy buck off of somebody stupid because, you know,
when you go into the store to download it, it says, do you own Super Mario Brothers Wii U?
You cannot play this without it. And you have to hit yes, I own it in order to download it.
And it even says, if you download this, or no, it says, if you own the disc of Super Luigi U, you do not need to download this.
They are the same. Like, there's a lot of little reminders in there and I thought, wow, they're really idiot-proofing this so they don't get any angry phone calls.
Although somebody's still gonna fuck up. You know it.
I think Nintendo's MO, though, is, you know, CYA.
True. Cover your assets. Koopakit Jeremy in chat pointing out, Nabbit can die in pits, but otherwise invincible.
You know what the trick is, though? Get that baby Yoshi and do his little, get the pink one where when you hit the trigger, he blows up like a balloon.
So easy to get through a lot of levels of that. Just saying. Good times.
Alright. GameGuru says, I got to admit, Nintendo's first attempt at DLC is rather admirable.
To be fair, the gold coins, Super Mario 2, I can't even keep them straight anymore, that was the first DLC.
But first console DLC, yes. There you go.
Alright. That's it for gaming weeks. We gotta move on. We've got stories to get into.
That's all we did.
Well, we got this bottle of Patron to open here.
I need my one shot.
But first, we gotta do housekeeping. And I've got a lot of housekeeping tonight, so I'll try to make this quick.
First off, I have to give a wink and a nod to the fact that it is our 11th birthday.
Thank you all, OLR me, for your support of this show.
And, you know, we may not have the biggest audience on the internet, but we have some of the most loyal.
And you guys are amazing, and you turn up here Sunday nights, and you are really our motivation for still doing this.
I mean, OLR will have to end some day.
Not saying tomorrow, not saying this, so don't panic.
But I'm just saying, it's gonna end some day.
Because, you know, eventually somebody's gonna move away, there's gonna be a job, there's just gonna be something where we're not gonna be able to do the show anymore.
But we couldn't have kept it going as long as we have and had the discipline and the motivation to be here every Sunday if it weren't for you guys and your continued support.
And it really feels like our family grows every week. I see new people in chat every week, and it's just amazing.
And when people ask me, like, why do you do that? You've done that every Sunday? How on earth? Where do you find your motivation?
I'm like, just look at the chat.
No, the other thing. You don't get paid?
Yeah, yeah.
No?
Yeah. I got that one today, didn't I?
So, you guys are great. Thank you so much.
So here's to 11 more years, we hope. We're gonna keep doing this as long as we possibly can.
Other things I want to plug. I would like to give a shout out, and many of them are in chat, so I'm just gonna say holla to the Koopa Club podcast.
They spell it a little funky, so let me spell that for you. It's Q-O-O-P-A-K-L-U-B.
And you can search that on iTunes or what have you, whatever podcasting site, because they had me as a guest on their 25th episode this week.
So would it be like it's all the Koopa kids except they're played by John Delancey?
Yes. It's just like that, actually. What? Alright, so yeah, check that out. I was on their latest episode, it was a lot of fun.
And they asked me some dirty questions about Nintendo. It was a very Nintendo love episode, and the last question was a little bit dirty.
They made me pick the Merry Fuck Kill from the Nintendo world, so I'm gonna just leave it at that. So there you go.
Also, since I brought up Koopa Club, I want to give a shout out to GamerX, because I haven't been plugging this enough on Orange Launch Radio.
But if you're in Northern California, especially the Bay Area, you've got to go to GamerX. That's gonna be on August 3rd and August 4th.
And it's taking place, I forget the name of the hotel, but it's Japan Town.
Somewhere. Oh, Miyako.
Yeah, it's that whole district.
This is the side that's the Miyako Mall, right?
Can I just say why Allen is perfect?
I don't know, because those are peanut butter chocolate brownies.
Allen, you just got home from work.
Yes.
You literally walked through the door.
Yes.
What was the first place you went to?
I went into the kitchen and got shot glasses and put them on the dining room table, because I was listening to the feed from my phone.
So as I'm coming through the apartment complex, I hear, we need to drink the Patron, why is the Patron still closed?
I'm like, I have to grab the shot glasses as soon as I walk through the door. So I did.
He's so wonderful.
Allen wins a brownie. Here, have one.
Have a brownie.
Alright, anyway. Where was I? Oh yeah, GamerX.
So GamerX on Saturday night with Koopa Club and Game Buoy and my other show Hoard House and Game Bar and God knows who else.
We're going to be doing like a podcast panel and it's going to just be a big party and celebrating indie podcasting.
And you can do it too.
So yeah, check that out at GamerX and don't be shy.
Say hello, because we're all like regular people and we want to meet cool people.
And if you listen to this show and you made it this far, chances are you're a cool person.
Oh my God, Rob, I should cosplay.
What are you going to cosplay as?
I don't know, I'll probably do something.
You should go as your Animal Crossing lesbian.
No, because I figured if it's me, I have to do something annoying so I'm going to homestuck.
Alright. Anyhow, and also I want to put this out there.
So GamerX, Koopa Club, and one last thing.
If you were listening to the show last week, Bobby Blackwolf, our friend and pal who does the show before ours,
every Sunday night at 5 o'clock Pacific, 8 o'clock Eastern, his house was struck by lightning in the middle of our show last week.
And he lost a lot of video game consoles because of it.
I'm not going to repeat the whole thing because you can see his post that will catch you up on it on our vognetwork.com forums.
You can also listen to it on his show, kind of the wrap up and everything.
And it just, dude's been going through a lot this week.
And have lightning hit your fucking house?
I'm so glad that so many people were able to help him out.
However, I'm bringing it up because Bobby still needs help with one thing.
He has a Neo Geo AES US version.
And he's trying to get this repaired because it did suffer damage, but it is repairable.
He says he could do it himself, but he doesn't really have time.
So he would love to be able to ship this out, PayPal you money, have you ship it back.
I did suggest earlier, seeing if you could find out who it was that the guy who runs classic game room had an NBS, but the boards are similar.
Well, my hope is that one of our listeners, maybe who doesn't talk to us an awful lot, who just listens to this show.
My hope is somebody is sitting out there going, I do that, or like my friend owns a shop and they do that.
My hope is that somebody out there is listening that could do that.
Someone could be sleeping in a bed of AES boards.
Please contact us. You can fill out a form at vognetwork.com that will email Bobby directly.
You can email me and I'll get you in touch with Bobby.
We're super approachable. If you think you can help out with the Neo Geo AES situation, please, please, please reach out and get ahold of us.
Go on to vognetwork.com in the contact us page and send Bobby a quick letter.
He would deeply appreciate it.
We want our friend to get his Neo Geo back because how else is he going to play Fatal Fury Special?
He could come to my house. Bobby come to my house and bring all your games. We'll have a party.
And Bobby is also pointing out in chat room, bonus if you could also just mod it at the same time.
Because, you know, he might want to be able to play more games on that Neo Geo.
Well, you actually, I think it's actually more of a physical thing. You can switch the, there's a switch on the games themselves I think.
Because our, we can play, our Samurai Showdown 2 is Japanese.
I don't know shit about Neo Geos because I never owned one. I only played them in the arcade.
Unless it's to do modified MVS cartridges. I don't know.
I have a couple Neo Geo arcade boards. One is modded to play all region stuff.
And I have a 48-in-1 cart and I have a super gun that would plug into that that takes Neo Geo controllers.
There you go. There's a killer combo right there.
Alright, well I'm hoping that Bobby gets what he needs.
He also mentions the video mod that will put it over S-Video component and a BIOS mod to affect the lives and stuff.
Those are the types of mods he's looking for.
So, alright, good luck Bobby. We all are hoping to see you get through that and get your consoles even better than they were before lightning hit your house.
Alright, 7.15 and we have yet to hit the news. So let's jump into a busy week in gaming news.
Loki. And this bottle is still closed. I think we need to...
No it's not.
Yay. Alright.
Alright, so let's talk a little bit more about the Xbox One.
Of course one of the wonderful comments that come out before the whole 180 flop on the DRM stuff was them defending the $4.99 price tag.
Basically saying, and this is Don Mattrick of course, it's a lower number than some of the analysts had forecasted.
We're over delivering value against other choices.
I think consumers can get, or I think consumers can get, any modern product these days you're going to look at and $4.99 isn't a ridiculous price point.
We're delivering thousands of dollars of value to people so I think they're going to love it when they use it.
So he's basically comparing the $4.99 price point of the Xbox One as kind of like an iPad or something like that.
Which is a terrible comparison if you ask me because that's apples and oranges right there versus game consoles.
That's like saying, hey well you know what? This console only costs $4.99. I mean at least it's not a $30,000 car, right?
It's way cheaper.
Such a lightweight Rob.
Behind the scenes Rob has done, I have a voice now thanks to tequila.
Sorry Loki, I've totally not been paying attention because we all did a shot while you were reading that story.
And that burns so much. I've been doing gay flappy hands around the house.
Just flailing around everywhere.
It burns!
Oh my gosh, I'm warm.
I'm sitting here going.
I don't usually do shots of hard alcohol. This is Alan by the way.
I've never done a shot of tequila before. It's not as bad as the time I tried a shot of 151 which I was tricked into doing.
That's Patron.
Smooth tequila.
Rob totally got the shivers.
Patron is the only tequila that doesn't give me the shivers.
I was going to get a little glasses of orange juice in case anyone needs a chaser.
Because I don't know how much it burns. But that was actually very smooth.
Ah, Koopa Kid Jeremy in chat says, Vine it Rob. I wish I thought to do that. I guess I'll have to take another shot.
Yay, more shots.
Actually next up is Fireball because we've still got some of that.
Kind of scared about that one.
Alright, here we go. Anyway, where were we Loki?
Summarize for me real quick, sorry.
What up GS if I had a Neo Geo emulator. Yes, I do have an emulator for Neo Geo stuff.
No, I'm talking actually an MVS board. Like arcade Neo Geo boards.
I have two single slot arcade boards because I got one with my arcade cabinet.
And then another one because I don't know why. Because I need to buy another one I guess.
Alright, so basically they're defending the price of saying, oh it's a wonderful piece of electronics.
And so $4.99 is not that bad when you compare it to an iPad or something like that.
Which I say is a terrible comparison because they're very different devices.
Do you think this decision is going to single handedly damn the device? Because that's how you were talking earlier in the show.
It's definitely going to hurt it because basically now people are comparing the two consoles that are coming out.
You have one that spec wise is more powerful than the other one. That would be the PS4.
And it's cheaper. And doesn't require Kinect.
And I know for some people that the fact that you're not getting Kinect in there is kind of, they're looking at it.
Well you still have to buy the camera for the Playstation 4 and that's going to be an extra $60.
But a lot of people just don't give a shit about that camera and aren't planning on using it anyways.
Same as those people like myself that probably would get an Xbox One with the Kinect and not use the Kinect.
Unless it's a dancing game or something that really relies on it.
But you're not going to probably use it for Forza or Rise. I'm not going to go flailing my arms to do finishing moves in Rise or something.
So that's the thing. I think you would have an easier time selling it for $500 if they really showed why that Kinect is so important.
Just like how Nintendo did with the Wii showing why controlling the games like this is way better than controlling it with a controller.
You know what I would love from a perfectly selfish, I don't care about talking about this on the show because I totally just had a shot, type of standpoint.
Is that if this whole thing about Twitch integration and all that with the Kinect, wouldn't that be great if we could broadcast our show over the Xbox 360?
Or over the Xbox One, excuse me, with Kinect and that whole thing because of the Twitch integration? Could we do that?
The problem would be is you'd have to have some sort of gameplay on there. You can't just broadcast.
We used to do that.
I know.
When we had the larger studio.
You could technically do that because they have it where it's going to pick up audio from the game and it's going to pick up audio from you as well.
So you could probably rig it somehow to do that I guess. It would probably be easier to do that through a PC though.
But I guess you could point a camera at it. But you could kind of do that now with Skype or something I guess.
Point a camera at whatever we're doing.
But, I don't know. I just think it's ridiculous.
Okay, so other stuff. Let's talk about other things. We already mentioned, of course, Kinect's always required.
And they're saying that they're not planning on offering the system without the Kinect because it is a core part of the experience.
And because I think at this point it's too late to change any of that stuff.
I have bad news that's very important that we have to discuss.
What?
I was reminded by Alan that last time we were entertaining friends, we drank the rest of the Fireball.
Aww.
I'm very sorry, Jvmon. You came out here for nothing.
Well, time to go home.
I would like to say to Pod Culture, thanks.
I was like, we really finished that whole thing off, but yeah, I guess we did between the 500th episode and all that.
Sorry, Logi.
And also the other thing we should mention is nothing has changed as far as cloud computing.
So, whereas, yes, there will be games that can play offline, a lot of them will be online only because they require cloud computing.
And I think that also goes for the PlayStation 4 as well. They are able to use cloud computing for their titles as well.
So you could still have a SimCity-esque game on the 360?
Yes, you could have a lot of that.
I'm never going to stop calling it the 360. The 361, you're never going to...
You're still going to have games like SimCity that will...
You could, yeah.
Because we all see how well that went.
But I guess it still sold tons.
But here's the thing though, is if it's such a big deal, or if it's such a problem with those cloud computing things, people are going to be made aware of it.
People are going to say, hey, you guys, watch out because the next Forza or whatever is going to be something that requires cloud computing.
And if their servers go down, your cars are going to start murdering people or something, I don't know.
So I think that there's going to be a lot of awareness out there. And also, it's probably something that's on the box.
Lots of interesting stuff in chat.
ShadowNextGen says, the PlayStation camera is so screwed, developers won't be able to assume people have it and might get the same type of support PlayStation Move received.
That is to say, not much.
I'm with you and I'm not because I still feel like at E3, it looks like it's not getting any support anyway.
I get as far as the core elements, and I'm using my quotey fingers of the console when it comes to watching TV with friends and other stuff like it has it.
So you can assume that anybody with an Xbox One is going to have that, but I have yet to see how that really positively impacts games. I hope that's coming.
I don't think that's really a big deal though, because once again, like with Kinect even, even though we know that that system uses Kinect all the time,
they still have other ways to navigate that menu and stuff. It's not just with gestures.
So, what's the difference, I say? You're already implementing other control methods anyways, and most likely are probably going to stick to standardized controller usage and stuff,
and not just going to go all gung-ho with just the camera, but if they're already doing this, what's the big deal if it may not be in there? Just prepare for both scenarios.
I think camera usage is not a big deal. It's back when the 360 was, we can't assume that they have a hard drive was a problem.
So, just throwing it out there for the live listeners. Apparently our stream just keeps dropping, and again, our stream's drunk.
I don't know, oh god, it's doing it again. This is horrible.
The stream had some Patron.
I tried to just, I did a reconnect from scratch. It like dropped twice in a row there. I just did a reconnect from scratch.
I hope that keeps, I reset the internet before the show and everything. I don't get it.
I'm a witness.
Oh my god, it just went down again. This is horrible.
Our stream is a whore.
I don't know what to do, you guys. This is really bad.
Does she keep going down?
She does keep going down.
This is it, that's like three times in the scope of like one minute that it went down, and me drinking is not helping any.
So, I don't know.
Thanks NSA.
Everybody's got their...
Alan, you're not running torrents, are you?
He says no.
Alright.
Sorry guys, I wish we could fix this. I don't know what else to do.
I'm thinking.
I honestly can't afford any new computer parts right now.
I'm like, we could replace that router, because that one's really old.
But anyway, I guess this is a conversation best had off air, so.
Sorry guys.
Talk to me after.
Okay, yeah, that might be a good thing.
Alright, I'm sorry, but there's literally is not on our end. We're not running torrents or anything that would interrupt the stream. This is not reasonable.
Two, the other thing is, you know, notice we're not dropping out chat. It's not anything.
It's not us, it's the host.
Yeah, I hate to say it, we might need to think about another host. This keeps up.
But anyway, that's a conversation for another day.
Should we move on with the next story?
Yeah.
Alright, the free-to-play franchise out of Nintendo has been announced. It's Steel Diver.
Boo!
Dang, y'all haters. What's wrong with Steel Diver?
It's lame. It's a lame...
The game wasn't that popular at launch.
Granted, it's a first-party title, and it was kind of lame for the 3DS launch.
Now that they're coming out free-to-play, it's just like, cool, I'm sure people will download it to try it out, but it's just kind of like, eh, whatever.
I mean, it's not that big a deal. It's like, I don't know.
I can't really think of another lame Nintendo first-party title that was on the 3DS, and Steel Diver is pretty bad.
I mean, pilot wings would be kind of second, I don't know.
Do free-to-play Nintendogs or something like that. At least then you could charge DLC for like, callers and bullshit, hats.
Puppies for free.
Well, I kind of understand, though, that you want to dip your big toe into this big, scary new world which is free-to-play with a game that maybe not a lot of, you know, that doesn't...
Like, you don't want to fuck up Pokemon. Like, you're not going to take one of your big, big franchises into the free-to-play world.
I agree with something maybe like pilot wings or, you know, as much as my fanboy self would love it, something like F-Zero.
Going free-to-play would be great, you know, but I understand that Nintendo has to kind of test this first before they can really do it, you know?
Let's test it with crap.
Are they very lit? So is this coming to the Wii U or is this just 3DS still?
I believe this is still only 3DS. You got tank, tank, tank on the Wii U, although that's third party.
Yeah, that's still part of the whole Namco experimenting with free-to-play.
And it's more just a glorified demo, honestly.
Was Steel Diver that big of a 3DS property that was like, hey, out of all the things we can make a free-to-play game, how about Steel Diver?
No, and I think that's why it is this game. Because, you know, again, if it fucks up and crashes and burns horribly, oh well, it was Steel Diver.
So it's like, it's only Steel Diver's reputation that got shat on.
Exactly! And I think with a big thing like this, that's the type of game that you have to do it with, right?
Well, let me throw this out there, though, that Nintendo is open to the idea of other free-to-play games.
One of them mentioned by the lead designer named Katsuya Eguchi of Animal Crossing.
Possibly a free-to-play Animal Crossing.
That's a dangerous combination.
Which would have the dreaded microtransactions.
They have to just consider what would be free at the beginning.
Nintendo would have to have a business model that works. Here's the quote.
I think the main thing that we need to think about before even considering doing something like that is to determine what we're gonna make available from the beginning.
I think that's key in deciding whether we do something like that.
If I find a business model that works, however, that works for Nintendo and the end user, then I can't say free-to-play is something we wouldn't consider.
When you look at our main audience in Japan, they are definitely that audience that has smartphones.
They are women in their late teens and early twenties.
They are certainly paying free-to-play games on their smartphone.
Hmm. I'm sure a free-to-play Animal Crossing makes a lot of people happy.
But then again, I kind of like the pay-to-play Animal Crossing because I like the fact that one great thing about the new Animal Crossing is how new features kind of slowly roll out to your town.
I would really hate it if I had to pay for that.
So I would hope if they go to free-to-play route with a game like Animal Crossing that you can also just buy the game up front.
Like Killer Instinct on Xbox One we were talking about last week.
You know, it's getting a lot of shit for the free-to-play thing, but you can just buy it all at once too.
So either one of those would be great.
Moving on. Dark Sakura.
Well, going in the same vein as talking about Animal Crossing, there's something that Reggie said in a recent interview actually coming out of E3 that has a lot of people really perking up.
And that's that they were reviewing the Tomodachi Collection in Japan as far as localization.
In fact, he was talking about the sort of casual game where you could play it in short bursts and pick it up at any given time.
And that's why he's saying Tomodachi Collection, which anyone who doesn't know Tomodachi means friend.
You know, saying that that would be definitely a title to consider.
We're looking also into wanting to work with the retailers to make sure that they can provide the games in the best format possible.
So that's even including digital or physical.
Hmm. What do you think about these comments?
I would like to see Tomodachi Collection. I mean, if I had a Wii U I would be interested.
That was the same game that we were talking about the other week that had the bug where you could get gay married in it.
Yeah.
Yeah. It sounded interesting because especially with Animal Crossing being as big as it is.
I would have married my lesbian.
Who wouldn't?
I shipped my little kid and the lesbian.
Of course you did. Of course I did.
Have you seen Reggie's house in Animal Crossing, by the way?
No.
Comedy. Google it. It's funny.
So someone posted like a picture a while back of say, Oh, your house is top notch, blah, blah, blah.
And you go inside the person's house and saw skeletons and wallpaper that says, you will die.
That was the best.
That's awesome.
So, yeah, I mean, that was the big thing that I really wanted to point out with this article is it's got a lot of people jumping on it because people really want to see Tomodachi Collection come out over here.
And he's basically saying, yeah, we're considering it. It's a possibility.
All right. Loki, what do you have for us?
All right. Well, there's a rumor that they're going to bring game sharing to Steam.
And this is actually coming from the beta update files.
Someone has gone through there and apparently it makes reference to some different, I guess, pop up dialog boxes.
For example, it says shared game library and says, just so you know, your games are your games are currently in use by, you know, person that's borrowing and playing now will send whoever's borrowing a notice that it's time to quit.
And this shared game is currently unavailable. Please try again later or buy this game for your own library.
So it sounds like that, you know, if you have a library of a ton of games that you're just not playing, that other people can access those games and play them, which, like any Steam user, probably that library would be very expansive.
There's probably going to be you're probably going to be able to play any game you want on there because, I mean, shit, I have like 100 some games and I probably play about six of them.
So we'll see if this is something that actually implementing, you know, coming to a Steam beta near you, maybe.
I don't know. Do you think that maybe there's something that was being developed in response to Xbox one and now it's like, yeah, we'll do it anyway.
I want to say I heard the earlier rumors about this long before Xbox one, though, I think they could do something like this.
I think it would be interesting as reselling and you reselling your games, like, say, I don't know, through like Steam or how you can actually put it up on the marketplace and stuff like that and maybe have the original creator get a portion of the profit from it or something.
Maybe like they pay like you pay like a 10 percent fee or something and, you know, whoever buys it, you know, that fee goes to the person that put the game up there.
I think that'd be kind of cool.
All right. What we're going to do here before we get into the next story, we're going to take a quick break.
And what we're going to do for the live folks, we're going to reset our routers here in the house to hopefully get a better connection.
We're just going to try it because right now it's pretty miserable right now for the live listeners.
So we're going to go down one more time, live folks, but this one is planned and we'll be back in just a few minutes.
And for those of you guys listening on the podcast, you'll just hear that little musical interlude.
And we'll be right back with more news right after this.
To register participation for this week's episode of Orange Lounge Radio at vognetwork.com, use the passphrase, blood.
OK. We should be back with Orange Lounge Radio live here at The Voice of Geeks Network, vognetwork.com.
Just a little bit of technical background. Maybe the podcast folks would be interested in this, too.
The way we have it set up here in the apartment is that we have the main router and the cable modem are in the office.
And then we actually have a second router out here in the living room, which everything is tied to, including the show computer.
What we've done is we've actually, to try and fix the problem, we have bypassed the living room router completely.
It's actually unplugged now. That was a crossover router. So it's still the same network.
Alan knows more about this stuff than I do. So we've actually taken the connection and plugged it into the main router directly.
I can give you a switch instead of just the router.
Is Alan here to translate?
I just want to let people know that the router that we have in the living room is in switch mode or bridge mode.
So it's not doing its own set of NAT addresses because that's bad.
So it's just bridging the cable into the office router. But now we're bypassing that altogether.
So hopefully that'll fix it.
Alright, well we'll see how long we can hold the connection. I've got the little clock here.
Otherwise I have like three switches at home.
Yeah, we might need to look into something like that. I mean, luckily the cord is long enough we can do that.
It's just really ugly and unattractive. But if this fixes the problem, then we'll just do this in future weeks and replace that router when we can.
But we'll see what happens. Let's just keep on moving forward with the show, even though I've been drinking.
And this next story would have driven me to drink anyway. It has to do with Miyamoto talking about the F-Zero franchise.
And it's not what we want to hear.
In an interview with IGN, he said, quote,
I certainly understand that people want a new F-Zero game.
I think where I struggle is that I don't really have a good idea for what's new that we could bring to F-Zero that would really turn it into a great game again.
Certainly I can see how people looking at Mario Kart 8 could see through the anti-gravity, a connection to F-Zero.
But I don't know at this point what direction we could go in with the new F-Zero.
You take F-Zero, GX, make it prettier, add more tracks, done.
Rainbow Road, Rainbow Road, Rainbow Road.
Right? That's Mario Kart, silly. Although, it would be neat to have a crossover.
Yes.
But, uh, yeah.
Well, no, that's actually what I was saying is put, like, the whole Rainbow Road thing, do, like, Rainbow Track or something, or Rainbow Space or whatever.
More of the same would actually be okay. I mean, we were just talking about Ridge Racer earlier.
GX was awesome. It was a fantastic game. There's not really much you can really improve on that, other than more tracks, because, you know, that's always good, and, you know, better visuals.
I mean, it could look really cool, like, almost like a Wipeout game or something like that, you know?
Just make it, think of what the visuals could look like. It'd be amazing.
Track Editor would be even better, too.
I, I forgot about this. BlackWolfInChat says, there was a Rainbow Road in F-Zero X. It was the exact same track as Mario Kart 64, just a lot faster.
I, I, you know, F-Zero X, I don't think I played nearly as much of, because I didn't have a 64 until late.
Uh, then I did the GameCube one, which was amazing.
Which, which base question, then, are we gonna see F-Zero GX tracks in Mario Kart 8?
Maybe.
Show me your moves.
Uh, DarkTetsuya says, oh, I don't know, how about online play? That would take Nintendo understanding online.
Nintendo doesn't admit online exists.
Which is a whole, whole nother Oprah.
The equivalent of Nintendo online is them sticking their fingers in their ears, closing their eyes, and going, lalalalala.
Alright, let's jam through these next few stories, because we're running long because of all these tech issues and everything else.
So, Dark Sakura, and then release dates.
Well, um, this is actually a story that came from my honey.
Uh, there was, I don't know if everyone remembers the big claim about, uh, for Madden, about, uh, Robin Antonic, who was, uh, one of the, uh, I believe one of the designers for the original Madden series, um, was owed quite a bit of royalties.
Well, they've, uh, basically stated that that case has not expired, and this guy still do a whole bunch of money.
I filed the original suit in 2011, um, that claimed that EA breached contract signed in 1986 for royalties on derivative versions of the game, and they're basically saying, nope, you still owe you money.
They gotta pay. Oopsie, eh, blah.
So, he owes money. He's owed money. EA has to suck it.
Well, cool, at least, uh, we'll see that trial go. I wonder if that could mean anything to the Madden NFL franchises. They'll just say, you know, we're gonna change the name or something.
They'll have to do whatever-
Like Madden's relevant.
Yeah. John matters. They'll do whatever they have to do to save it. We'll see.
EA football, 2014.
Alright, release dates. Loki.
This week is actually some decent stuff coming out. Game of Wario was today on the Wii U. This week, Deadpool, PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360.
I need this game.
Yes, Deadpool will be coming out. Also, uh, what else was there? There was the Company of Heroes 2 on PC. Muramasa Rebirth on the Vita.
You get an expansion for The Sims 3 Island Paradise. Also, Best of PlayStation Network Volume 1 on PS3.
So, disc-based release was at Fat Princess, Sound Shapes, and I don't remember the other two games in there, but it looked pretty cool.
PC, Leisure Suit Larry Reloaded, Vita and 3DS, Lego Legends of Chima, LaValle's Journey, Project X Zone on the 3DS, which is pretty awesome.
I mean, that's that Namco Sega Atlas crossover, I want to say.
And then, also this week, of course, a game I'm actually going to try to check out, Ride the Hell Retribution on PlayStation 3, Xbox 360.
It's a game from Deep Silver, a biker sandbox game set in the 70s. It's like The Lost and the Damned all over again. That's it.
Alright, I am traveling over to Japan right now. Let's get on a plane. Let's go. Check out the release dates over there.
And, um, going, excuse me, tequila burp. Alright, let's start with the PlayStation.
You had one shot.
I know, right? I am a sad lightweight. I tried to tell you this earlier, right? Like, one Long Island Iced Tea and I'm, like, taking my top off. I swear, it's horrific.
Alright, PlayStation 3 over in Japan. Atler, Escha, and Laji, Tasogari, Nosora, Norenken, Jusushi.
I don't know if that's related to the Atler collection we're getting here in the US very soon, probably.
Also on the PlayStation 3 this week, June 27th. There's a lot of shit this week, you guys.
Date A Live skin seal set for PlayStation 3. What?
Oh, a skin seal. That's just controller stuff. You have to, it sounds a little dirty when you hear that, though.
I thought it was, like, another porn title.
Alright. No, a date, the game is Date A Live, Rine Utopia comes out, and it's got school girls on the cover. You know what that means.
Dating sim.
Dating sim. Uh oh.
She's holding her boobies.
Uh oh, that one's, oh my, that one is, that one is sucking on a creamsicle.
Nice.
She's, she's like 16, perv.
Hey, she's just drawn that way.
Gundam Breaker. Memories off 6 complete. The other game was panties off 6 complete. This is memories off 6 complete.
And memories off Yubikiri no Kyoku. Also Biohazard 5, that's Resident Evil.
AEN Revival selection, HD remaster twin pack. I believe that's a price reduction.
The Elder Scrolls V Skyrim gets a price reduction over there as well.
Tachishio Love Application.
What the fuck is wrong with you guys over there and your games this week? You bunch of pervs.
This one features ladies in swimming suits who are also underage.
And this one-
It sounds, uh, seasonally appropriate.
This one has a cattail, and you can see her panties. Look at that. This is, this is-
Upskirt.
And now she has a gun.
Oh, don't-
Hmm.
Hey.
Wow, she's a-
That was a total camel toe.
Alright.
Yeah, I don't know what to think about Playstation 3 releases in Japan this week, especially after I've had a whopping shot.
Um.
This is funny. Rob's just had a double.
I have had two shots.
I had three.
Hello.
I had-
The only reason I'm stopping at two is because I got to drive.
I had a gallbladder removed.
Alright. On the Xbox 360, Grand Theft Auto 4, the complete edition, as well as Skyrim, uh, those are all getting price reductions.
A new game, Sniper Ghost Warrior 2, uh, comes out this week on the Xbox 360.
So, hey, how about it for 360 releases in Japan?
It's, it's about time that Japan, you know, can shoot Hitler in the balls.
On the Playstation Vita-
Well, we haven't had a Japanese game kill Hitler since, what, Bionic Commando?
On the Playstation Vita, Tukaidan comes out this week.
Uh, also Sengoku Hime 2, Tenka Hato, Shishino Keishusha comes out in regular and luxury limited edition this week.
And what is this game?
Again, ladies that look like they're dressed for the military this time.
I swear, any fetish you got, they got it this week.
It's probably high school something.
In the military?
I don't know.
3DS this week, uh, Starry Sky in summer 3D, and Digimon World, redigitize, decode.
Digimon game!
Yay!
In case you were worried that Digimon-
Are we the Digimon fans in the room or what?
You're the Digimon fans on the planet, congratulations.
Hey!
Alright, let's travel to Europe.
For the record, Digimon Zero 2 was the best of the Digimon series, just sayin'.
Digimon greater than Pokemon, just sayin'.
Totally greater than.
Ugh, sacrilege.
Ugh!
So, um, on June 25th we have Company of Heroes 2 on PC.
And on the 20th we have Dark for PC, Deadpool on Xbox 360, PS3, and PC.
We have Game & Wario on the Wii U, and Ride to Hell, Xbox 360, PS3, and PC.
And hopefully it's better than Drag Me to Hell, because that movie was shit.
Tiara made me see that movie.
Damn you, Tiara.
It was- I didn't pay for it, so we'll neither to cheat, but-
Oh, okay, well thank you, Tiara.
It was still an awful movie, and I love Sam Raimi, and that was a bad movie.
Alright, just a couple more stories for you guys, and then the classic game of the week.
Loki.
Alright.
Um, so let's talk a little bit about bad firmware, and nobody likes bad firmware.
Especially bad firmware that's pushed out on the PlayStation 3 that kind of bricks consoles.
Um, thankfully there is a way to fix your console, because I guess somehow it removed your cross-media bar
or something like that.
That's a problem.
No menu.
Um, and you can actually boot your console into a recovery mode or debug mode or something,
and allow you to re-download the update when it is released again on Thursday, on June 27th.
And I guess it's a small number of PS3s that are affected by it, but any number is still bad.
Um, and if you haven't updated your console like myself, it's good to note that they have
taken off the bad firmware off the network right now until the update is released, because
I just updated to 4.41, so.
Uh, that sucks.
Thankfully, though, it doesn't sound like there's any permanent damage.
It's just a minor, week-long inconvenience.
Blesses of you.
Well, I have not turned on my PlayStation 30, or 3, my PlayStation 30.
Rob our speech goods.
I was talking in chat, I was giving Drewnami a hard time, because I said,
God, he's gotta be pushing 30, and he's like, fuck you, I'm 28.
One shot at tequila.
I remember, I remember Drewnami being our young Republican.
Mhm.
Oh, how things have changed.
Mhm.
Alright, moving on to a story about Final Fantasy XII, which was a really overlooked
Final Fantasy game.
I overlooked it.
It just came out at a bad time.
I own it, and I overlooked it.
It came out at a time when a lot of people had moved on to other consoles.
Well, this is really exciting news.
In an interview with the site, RPG site, it's a very descriptive name, you know what you're
gonna get when you go there.
Producer Yoshinori Kitase, who's producing Final Fantasy X and X-2 HD, was asked about,
what about other games coming to these HD?
And, quote, we'll have to wait and see if these remasters are going to be successful first.
If they do well, I think this will pave the way for more of the previous games to be remade
in an HD sort of quality.
I mean, if we had to single out one of the vast number of Final Fantasy titles which
we could make in HD, it would have to be Final Fantasy XII.
Yes!
Bothier and Fran in HD.
Yes!
Can't wait.
There's VII, hello.
And yeah, VII wasn't the greatest game, but Vincent, hello.
You just want Ares to die.
I want Aerith to die repeatedly.
1080p Aerith death.
1080p Aerith death, oh my god.
It would have to have, like, blood particle physics and everything.
That's the problem though with bringing VII.
VII, it was so low poly that, you know, to up-res it's gonna look like crap.
And also, you know, with, you know, I think these PlayStation 2 games are a little easier
to do the HD remakes, plus they've got, you know, PlayStation 2 emulation engines already
built that they can just dump it in, up-res the assets, and they're done.
I hope they do it.
High-res Aerith.
I would really love XII in HD.
I really hope they do it.
High-res Aerith death.
All right.
And high-res Vincent, hello.
Are you done salivating over there?
Because it's time to go back when games weren't in HD.
God dammit.
Although, well, actually this one kind of did do an HD thing later.
Yeah, it did.
Anyway, we're gonna look back at the classic-ness of this upcoming game here.
In the segment we call Classic Game of the Week, where Dark Soccer's gonna jump into the gaming vault
and find a game that she thinks, hey, you should be playing this game.
Get off my lawn and play this game.
And for our 11th birthday, Dark Soccer has picked a game that's about 11 years old.
Pretty much.
But it's one that's very fond, I think a good choice to mark our 11th birthday.
Yep.
So you wanna know what it is, everyone?
Of course I do.
Res, motherfuckers.
Why couldn't I pick Res?
I haven't done Res the entire 11 damn years of the show.
I picked Res tonight.
And I think I put it up on a boss battle on the last-
Mostly because Res wasn't really an old game until now.
Well, you know, I was going with Dreamcast era and yet I didn't have a PS2 re-release.
So anyway, Res came up when it was developed as under the codenames AK Project, Project Eden, and Vibes.
It's a rail shooter that came out by Sega in 2001 for Dreamcast and PS2
and it had a European Dreamcast and a US PS2 release in 2002.
The game was the dream child of one Tetsuya Mizuguchi and you know what?
Who I still fanboy over.
Like, if I fanboy over anybody, it's Mizuguchi and it's- I even defended 99 Nights, y'all.
He mentioned his name, I need new one of these, okay?
Yeah.
Excuse me.
And there is a prequel that came out, of course, called Child of Eden, which comes from the name Project Eden that they have.
So anyway, it's sort of a super futuristic network called the K Project and you have to stop an AI called Eden.
Excuse me, I'm sorry guys, I'm so sick.
So basically you are a hacker trying to basically reboot Eden and destroy viruses and firewalls.
And it's basically music, lights, and a vibrator.
Or does it get much better than that?
Excuse me.
And of course, like any tech person would know, to fix a problem you have to reboot.
Do you want me to take over? Are you okay?
Yeah, if you don't mind just for a second.
Okay.
Hold on, I wasn't prepared to talk about Rez, but I could just wing it a little bit while Dark Sakura's having a thing there.
Okay.
So in the game, of course, it's a rail shooter, right?
You play the role of an avatar on the screen and so it's a shooter on rails.
So fable the journey, not on rails.
Rez on rails.
You lock onto the different enemies on the screen and you can lock onto up to eight enemies with what they call the reticule.
Once you release the lock on button, you fire your shots all over.
And if you don't hit an enemy or projectile, you may actually collide, which will cause your evolution bar to go down by one.
And it'll actually change the way your avatar looks like.
If the avatar gets to the lowest possible level and you get hit again, you die.
Dead.
Oh, you're back.
Good day, sir.
All right.
I had to go pull my nose because it's the whole problem.
Are you going to keep going or?
Yeah, I'm fine.
Okay.
What about the overdrive though, Rob?
What about it?
Well, you can get power-ups as you go, like you were talking about the evolution bar.
And you can get another item that triggers an overdrive.
So basically it's a huge, it's basically like the Rez version of the super zapper from Tempest.
It just kills everything in a big shower of everything.
And also, um, you get like bonus items for your score and everything.
So basically you have five areas and the first four are ten subsections of the boss battle.
And the final one is like a boss rush within you battle Eden for the final one.
Um, it has no sound effects or spoken dialogue.
It's all music.
Everything is music.
So for being in a rail shooter, this one's also been lumped in, in the music game genre.
And then that brings me to the trance vibrator.
Oh, what should I say?
Buzz.
There's the funniest video of a guy and his girlfriend playing Rez, which basically him playing Rez and her playing with vibrator.
Um, it was, um, called the trance vibrator.
It pulses with the music and it would be something that you would put in your pocket or sit on.
It had a power in your butt.
It came with a pouch.
You could put it in to protect it.
Not unlike the we condom.
So the trans vibrator came with a condom pretty much.
It's actually a fabric bag, but basically it would vibrate in time with the music.
However, the dual shock was actually supposed to be stronger than that.
I think a screw attack brings it as the number one best gaming peripheral ever.
And basically there were other versions of it that you could buy an aftermarket.
It was also compatible with Space Channel 5 Part 2 and the Japanese version of Disaster Report.
I had no idea that you could use the trance vibrator with Space Channel 5 Part 2 as well.
That's amazing.
So you could put Ulala in your butt.
People have reverse engineered it to have it work on a PC.
And they've gotten this to work in Japan where there is a driver out for XP and Windows 2000.
There's also a driver that works for Linux kernel.
The Xbox 360 version that came out recently, the Res HD, basically will have other controllers doing the trance vibration function.
Can I say that when I got Res HD on 360, I actually did that with the controller.
You actually put a controller in your pants?
No, I did not.
But I did the thing that they suggested where you put one on your back and you lean against the chair and have that on your back.
And then I think it said to put the other one not on your butt.
That joke's over.
I think you put the other one on your arms.
I don't remember where they were.
I put it in my bra.
In your bra?
But it was weird.
But fun.
Well, speaking of...
And consensual. Most importantly, it was consensual.
Well, actually, this is an interesting thing.
The game itself won an award from the Agency for Cultural Affairs Media Art Festival in Japan.
It was also one of the Dreamcast games that was chosen to be at the Smithsonian American Art Museum 2012 edition, the art of video games.
If only they knew that you could put that trans vibrator in your butt, then I don't think it would be at the Smithsonian.
Rob!
Oh my god, Rob.
Anyway, Res HD came out for Xbox Live Arcade as Rob was talking about his exploits with the trans vibrator controller and his pants.
My back. When did I start wearing pants on my back, Jamie?
My back. He means butt.
Don't be a bitch.
After five minutes, I was like, let's go.
Anyway, basically, Mizuguchi says it's 100% the same as the Dreamcast version.
And to do a new version, he would actually have to get the license from Sega because he actually did it as a contractor.
There were no plans for 360-compatible trans vibrator peripheral because everyone would put it in their butt.
Or cooch, or cooch. Not everyone is into butt play.
So, yeah, Res HD came out on January 30th, 2008, and it was included with the Cube Company.
You could just rest it there on your hoo-ha, and I'm sure it would be just a good old time.
You know what, Rob?
What?
We don't discuss my hoo-ha on the show.
Eleven episodes, and my hoo-ha has yet to have any bearing on any video game.
Eleven episodes? How much have you had to drink?
Five hundred and nine.
I've had two shots, okay?
Yeah.
Rob's over here going, whoa, I'm drunk, and I'm like, oh, I just felt it.
Now you're feeling it in your hoo-ha.
You know what, it takes a lot more than two shots of tequila for me to feel it in my hoo-ha, okay?
To register participation for this week's episode, use the password hoo-ha.
Ignore that. Ignore that. It's not hoo-ha.
That's not the true word.
But anyway, the Cubes compilation came out with Luminous Live and Every Extent Extra Extreme.
And Mizuguchi was saying that there's no reason to not provide it on other platforms other than the Xbox 360.
And it was voted the 13th best Xbox Live arcade game of all time by IGN in 2010.
Other games that have come out that are related were Audio Surf.
Child of Eden, as I said, was a spiritual successor.
There's Is, I guess it's how it's pronounced, and Vibribin.
Vibribin is crack, and if you don't know about it, tune in to a bajillion episodes ago, where I talked about it.
What was it, like five years ago that brought up Vibribin?
Yeah, Vibribin's old.
Yeah, it's so sister.
Everything I talk about's old.
It has nothing to do with my hoo-ha.
Rob, for being, I'm almost questioning your sexuality now.
He turns straight when he gets drunk. It's fine.
I've seen him kiss a girl when he was drunk.
Last week on Orange Lounge Radio, it has nothing to do with my hoo-ha!
Damn right, lady. All right.
Rob's actually kind of pink in the face. It's adorable.
You know us here at Microsoft think that's a great catchphrase.
Rob, you had a double shot.
Okay, yeah. To be fair, I had a double shot.
You had a double shot. I had a single, and then I had another single dumped in my orange juice.
Thank you, Alan!
We are, for the back here, very muted.
You're welcome.
All right.
We are not, we are not doing, what's the word?
Just think about all those live listeners.
We are not hashtagging hoo-ha for the chat.
Just think of all the live listeners that left early because they were like,
fuck it, I can't stand these connection problems and left.
They're missing the hoo-ha chat.
Well, it was a big change from our dick and fart jokes.
Now it's hoo-ha and queef jokes.
Wait, who started the queef jokes?
There's a queef joke?
I'm trying to think of other things that go with dick and fart.
If dick and fart would be the male version, then hoo-ha and queef would be the male version.
Hey, you know what? It's all about gender equality, so.
I had an equal opportunity stinker.
Oh my God.
And that's the classic game of the week. Res.
You want to know what I just remembered, Rob?
I also had a shot of Robitussin before I left for the show.
Are you going to be okay to drive home?
It's the tussin that does it.
It's the tussin and tequila.
It wasn't the Patron that did it.
It was the Robitussin.
I call it test tequila.
There it is.
I was like, is that bottle gone?
That bottle's halfway gone.
I'm up to my fourth shot.
It took six years for me to finish mine that you got me when I turned 30.
Okay?
It's not Queef Latifah.
There it is, your classic.
Your classic.
Can I finish?
Bite me.
Can I finish? Can I finish?
No.
That's your classic game of the week.
Use this dark sacra for Orange Lodge Radio and suck it.
Res, your classic game of the week featuring the trans vibrator on Yahuah.
Alright.
That does it for part A.
But stay tuned because there's plenty more to come with rapid fire news,
the frugal question of the week, mailbag, FUs of the week, and who knows what.
O.L.R. is drunk. Go home.
Oh lordy.
Alright, stay tuned guys.
We'll be back after this with more of Orange Lounge Radio.
Hi there. This is Captain Spike.
And First Mate Slagkick.
From Gamebooey.org.
Gamebooey.org.
And you're participating with Orange Lounge Radio, the show where every gamer has a voice.
And we want to use our voice to tell you support indie broadcasting
and congratulations to Orange Lounge Radio on 11 wonderful years.
Congratulations.
Congratulations.
Congratulations.
Congratulations.
Oh my god. We're gonna see.
Yeah, isn't First Mate Slagkick here next week?
I think so.
He better be.
Oh my god, I got sent a picture of a ferret.
That is the cutest thing I've seen all day.
Welcome back everybody to Orange Lounge Radio Part B.
Our 11th anniversary episode.
It's been a very weird night so far.
Obviously, with the live feed, it was going up and down in Part A.
We think we fixed it. Knock on wood, hopefully.
And then we were having all those problems.
Then Jamie started talking about her hoo-ha.
You started talking about my hoo-ha. Hello.
It was Jamie's hoo-ha that caused the feed to go down.
It got started on your ass.
Hold on, I gotta pour myself another shot.
Oh, you're gonna have another shot?
I'm from New York.
We get drunk.
It's not fair. I want another one.
I have a double shot here of Patron.
Rob, can I sleep on your couch?
I gotta get up at 6.30. That's the only thing I'm saying.
Although Alan will be here later, so I guess.
No, I can't.
Okay, good. Just be responsible.
Alright.
Fuck that.
Here we go. Heads up. Happy 11 years.
Yay.
Alright. And one, two, three.
Oh, I forgot to vine it.
Oh, Rob is so funny. He's just doing the complete-
He's dying right now.
Oh my God.
Rob has to run around the room-
It doesn't even burn.
I know, but it's that warmth is so freaky to me.
Rob has to run around the room and do flappy hands.
I'm trying to contain it to my chair right now. I'm fine.
What were you talking about during the commercial?
I wanna talk about it on air. Oh.
We were talking about-
Butt.
No, we were not talking about-
My butt on break, Dark Sakura. Stop being a potty mouth.
Alright.
I don't know. I wasn't here. I was in the bathroom.
We were talking about restaurants that you can't eat back east, right?
So earlier, before the show, we had to go get food.
We went to Jack in the Box, which-
You don't have Jack in the Box back east?
No, not- at least not in New York.
I don't know about like down south on the east coast,
but in New York, there's no Jack in the Box.
In my experience in the south, there was one Jack in the Box.
It was in my birth town of Dothan, Alabama,
and it got closed for food poisoning.
And what were you excited about to find at Jack in the Box?
Breakfast all day.
It's pretty amazing. I do like Jack in the Box.
They have a diverse menu.
But you know what they don't have out here?
Huh?
Hardee's. And Carl's Jr. is not the same.
Sorta is, though.
No, not really.
Alright, well-
You cannot get buttermilk biscuits at our fried chicken.
Dunkin' Donuts is what I want out here. We don't have Dunkin' Donuts here.
I want Waffle House.
You can have Dunkin' Donuts. I'll take back Jack in the Box.
I like Jack in the Box, though. You can have-
They're gonna deep fry their tacos.
They're gonna deep fry their tacos.
I think In-N-Out is a little bit overrated, so you can have In-N-Out.
How gladly say In-N-Out.
I want Waffle House.
And I'm just noticing it's taken, what, Part B for us to start talking about food?
And, and, and. You know what else I want from back east?
It's because we talked about liquor in Part A, and then you know what?
I want Crystal's.
Huh?
Because of the Corn Pots.
I don't even know what that is.
Crystal's is kinda like White Castle-sized hamburgers.
They're really teeny. You get like, you know, four for something.
But you can also get corn, uh, these little tiny corn dogs that are called Corn Pups.
And they're so good. I don't know why-
Doesn't A&W have those little Corn Pups? I think they do.
I don't know. I haven't been to A&W in forever, but-
Yeah.
Well, they're all A&W KFCs now. They're all hybrid.
You know what made me super happy?
And it's a totally southern thing, but going to a gas station and getting fried chicken liver.
Uh, in my time back east, when I think of gas stations, I think of Wawa.
That's- that's- that's a gas- well, the convenience- huge convenience stores, anyway.
But anyway, I guess that's for another, uh, another night.
Uh, we gotta get back into video games. This is already a long show.
Uh, internet problems aside.
So, rapid fire news time. Loki!
Fez is not coming to the Xbox.
Uh, because apparently they don't like the lack of indie support.
Also, basically saying, you know, um, they're not sure if they're gonna come to the PlayStation 4.
Although, it's tempting. It's still too early to tell how everything's going to unfold.
But, their hearts definitely seem to be in the right place.
Uh, whether or not I would- would develop for it comes down to how the PlayStation platform-
or how the platform holder treats me.
With Microsoft, they made it painfully clear they don't want my ilk on their platform.
I can't even self-publish there, whereas PS4, I can.
That's simple. Or, it's that simple.
Microsoft won't let me develop for their console, but Sony will.
So, I guess we just won't see Fez 2 on the Xbox 1 unless they completely change their platform.
And that's unfortunately a lot of the things I've been hearing.
Although, I'm wondering if they're gonna flip that around too, come, you know.
Yeah, I was gonna say, this whole indie rabble rabble is not looking good for Microsoft.
But, yeah, who knows? Who knows?
Um, Drunami in our chatroom at live.vognetwork.com says,
The guy behind Fez is a goddamn twat, though. Fuck him.
To be fair, yes. Yes. That is true.
Um, so, yes, uh, Xbox Live Gold. Remember, they're giving away those free games.
There's a whole bunch of asterisks to that, though.
The free games, yes, they are being put out.
However, you have to download them within the two-week time frame, I believe.
Um, at least that's the way with Fable 3. You have to download it by July.
Otherwise, you can't download it anymore.
And, now there's gonna be new games coming out the 1st and 16th of, um, each month.
Uh, with next month being Halo 3 and Assassin's Creed 2.
Um, and I'm wondering if that's gonna still be the same as, uh, it was with Fable 3.
Where you have to download it within those first two weeks that it's available.
Otherwise, you can't download it again.
Someone was saying that it might not be that way, but I think it's gonna be that way.
It's kind of a lame, I guess, way to get you to subscribe to live if you're not already doing that.
I mean, I am, so I guess I'll download those free games.
I didn't, I downloaded Fable 3 just for the fuck of it.
Halo 3, I already own. I guess I'll download it, Assassin's Creed 2, and give a shit about it.
So, we'll see.
Although, Crackdown. Crackdown would be pretty awesome to have in there.
That's old enough, I would say.
And, I can't find my disc for it anymore, so I'd love to, you know, have one of those.
I liked Crackdown.
Yeah, Crackdown was fun.
Remember, most people were just buying it for the Halo 3 preview, but it ended up being pretty good.
Yeah, I dig it.
Crackdown was more fun when you just, like, add those codes where, like, you just randomly spawn anything,
and you're like, haha, I'm just spawning cars off a roof of a building!
Yeah, that's like the stuff Loki lives for, though, is the whole, like, you know, hilarious mod things.
Keys to the City mode was awesome.
I didn't play story mode in Crackdown. I just wanted to blow shit up and drop cars off the top of buildings.
That's like Grand Theft Auto. Like, I, the story in Grand Theft Auto, who gives a shit?
It's really good, though. Speaking of which, have you played Grand Theft Auto IV yet?
Uh-huh. Uh-huh. That's what I thought.
No. I haven't.
Have you finished Saints Row III, at least?
No, I haven't finished it, but I have at least played a good chunk of that.
That game's hilarious. The funniest, I haven't laughed my ass off that hard in a long time.
For just a moment, you sounded like Greg Proops.
Okay. Are you sure you're not drunk?
No, your voice had that sort of quality that was Proops-like.
I'm not sure I'd hate it. Did you do your third story?
No, I haven't gotten a chance to do that yet.
Sorry, go ahead.
And then finally, this is pretty awesome, they are doing a free DLC update for Surgeon Simulator 2013.
That, of course, is going to add in Team Fortress 2 stuff.
So you get to play as the doctor there, and also you get to work, or the medic, and you get to work on the heavy.
And that's awesome.
Can you work on Sandvich?
You should actually just pick that up anyways, because it's awesome.
Alright, on the Xbox 360, there is now a Best of Disney app.
And no, that doesn't mean like, you know, there are games like Connect Adventure, Disney, or whatever that thing was called.
But trailers, clips, and animated shorts.
Oh, I hope they have that short that they had before Wreck-It Ralph with the paper planes. That was so good.
Paperman.
Thank you, Paperman.
Anyway, all that is available on the Best of Disney app.
It's a free download for gold subscribers.
There's content from Disney Channel, Disney XD, and Walt Disney Studios.
I imagine the trailers and the little stuff is free. Some of the other stuff, less free.
Xbox One and Google and Bing.
Hilarious little meme going around right now where folks, you know that predictive searching? I'm sure you've all played with this.
This is going around Tumblr for...
Hey, if you go to Google and do a predictive search, you type Orange Lounge.
It comes right out of Orange Lounge Radio. It's right there in the predictive search.
This is pretty awesome.
Because we're awesome.
And I think we've talked about this before. I think it's still the case.
If you go and you type Orange Lounge Radio, predictive search brings up Orange Lounge Radio Marissa.
Who isn't even a host to the show.
But she's infamous. So there you go. But she's great. And I'm totally okay with that.
I totally miss Marissa.
I do too. God, I was just in L.A. too and I didn't have a chance to see her.
But anyway, predictive searching on Google. If you search for The Xbox One is, it will come up and say terrible, ugly, a joke.
But you go to Bing and it says The Xbox One is amazing.
Well, some people took this one step further and started searching for things like Android and things like that.
And it's kind of interesting. Like on Google, it does something very similar.
So who knows what it is. I'm actually looking right now to see if the same thing happens.
Oh yeah, if I type The Xbox One is on Google, it is terrible, ugly, a joke.
You know, in my mind, how many people are really using Bing?
You're probably...
Everybody says Microsoft.
Actually...
You're probably a little bit of a Microsoft fanboy to begin with.
I used Bing for about 10 minutes when they were giving away free live cards or no Xbox point cards.
And then I got like two $20 cards for Xbox Live and then I stopped using Bing forever.
They are still technically doing that. You just have to search on there.
You know, make it a point to make some erroneous searches every day and then you can save up to get like five bucks worth of Xbox Live points.
It just takes you about a month.
So whatever, predictive searches. Hilarious.
Lastly, on PlayStation 4, if you're a fan of DC Universe Online or PlanetSide 2, you may be worried,
am I going to have to get PlayStation Plus because now that's going to be required to do multiplayer?
Am I going to need to get PlayStation Plus to play these MMOs?
The answer is no. Pretty awesome.
So yeah, you do not need to have PlayStation Plus if you want to play games like DC Universe Online and PlanetSide 2 online.
Very cool.
PlanetSide 2, however, not cross-compatible between PC and PlayStation 4.
DC Universe Online, however, will remain so.
I think that's the way things are today, to be honest.
Except DCU was poopy.
We have some fans though. I know Pod Culture is a huge fan of that.
You have a hate boner for DC to begin with.
No, I don't have a hate boner for DC. I have a hate boner for bad games and bad character development.
It's a hate hoo-ha, not a hate.
Rob?
What?
If Gail Simone wrote every book that DC did, I would read it.
I thought DC Universe was fun enough, especially because it's free to play now.
I see the charm in DC Universe Online.
It's like Ninja Turtles arcade game, but you get to make your own hero.
And you can make your hero as pretty as you want.
I didn't think it was very pretty at all.
You know what, the first thing I did was make myself a female version of Hawkeye.
All right. Black Wolf is correcting me in chat.
DC Universe Online does not play PC versus PS3. I thought it did.
Huh. Well, all right, then I'm wrong.
But PS4 will work with PS3.
And I believe that he left it up for third parties doing free to play games like that,
that they can decide whether they want to have that behind the paywall or not.
I would imagine that if you're interested in getting more people to play your game,
probably not going to put that behind it.
All right. All right, let's move on. Dark Sakura.
I was actually just about to point out in chat room that Gail Simone wrote Agent X,
which was a Deadpool book. Just saying, she's awesome.
Extover is in chat, by the way. Hey, Extover.
Hey.
Saying, didn't mind DCU, but it's easy to forget about.
It was very easy to forget about after, like, playing it twice.
The flames of her hatred are burning intensely.
Flames on the side of my face?
No.
All that shade.
I cannot touch the immortal Madeline Kahn.
The shade of it all.
You know, I don't even watch that show, so whatever.
You should.
Do you think I would totally dig the drag queens?
Uh, yeah.
I love drag queens, don't get me wrong.
Well, see. Anyway.
I just hate sitting down to watch a show.
I love doing video game news, which occasionally happens on this show.
You know what, bite me.
You're the one who brought up the shade. Rab.
So anyway, Arc System Works, who brought us Guilty Gear, said that if people want to see Guilty Gear on the Wii U, then you have to sign a petition.
And the petition is online, and I'm not going to link it.
It runs on the Unreal 3 engine, so basically, whatever.
In other news, Sega has been teasing something called Project 575.
We have no idea what it is.
It could be a rhythm game. It could be nothing.
It could be, uh, looks like a couple of girls.
So who knows. Maybe you just spend the whole game being awesome. I don't know.
And then, and this is the sad news. Rab.
Hmm.
I'm very, very sad.
Well, what happened?
Well, you remember how we had been covering, um, the whole Knuckles Dawson?
Oh, yeah.
Disappearance? Well, they found him.
Which, I mean, I think we pretty much knew it was a suicide issue for the fact that he cancelled his accounts.
Mm-hmm.
And basically up and left.
Mm-hmm.
But they, uh, found him, um, they're not releasing a cause of death yet. I mean, I'm pretty sure.
Well, and to be fair, even saying that is a little bit jump to conclusion because maybe in his mental unwell state, he may have just left.
Maybe had a plan in mind, so we don't know, and we don't want to fill in the gaps.
Yeah, but, well, I'm saying that current evidence is leading that way.
Sure, sure, sure.
Okay. Um, so, yeah, they, uh, they found his body. He was 28 years old.
That's very unfortunate.
And they found his bike and helmet in Stanley Park, and then, um, he left his wallet, computer, and phone at home.
But they found his body in the park across the bay, right?
Yeah.
So he was, he was on the move.
He left everything behind and left.
Yeah, it's, um, it's, it's really too bad. And, um, it's just a reminder that, uh, if you know somebody that might be reaching out for help, please try to get them help.
Don't just write it off as an attention thing.
Mm-hmm.
But make sure that you're not, okay, this is where I kind of say that's a line because, yeah, some people do want attention.
Some people are looking for attention because there's a reason for it.
Right.
And you see to it that they get help. Don't contribute to the underlying cause.
Mm-hmm.
Um, I do want to call attention to this, too, because I think it's pretty neat.
Um, you know, one reason that Knuckles was very popular in the community is that he actually did one achievement a day every day on the 360 for, like, two or three years.
Something like that.
It was, it was a significant amount of time.
Um, there's a call right now in a movement to try to get Microsoft to do an achievement in his honor.
Uh, some folks are saying even that day one achievement should, should have a tie-in to him.
Uh, I think it would be great if Microsoft could do some sort of achievement in his honor.
Uh, perhaps, you know, getting an achievement every day for a month or a week or something, something that would, uh, resonate with, you know, what he was known for in the community.
I think it would be a great, great thing and a great way to, um, uh, remember him.
Well, I'm also looking through the comments on here to see if they had any other information on here.
And basically the families already made a Facebook page about it releasing information.
So, I would say check Facebook and look for your information there.
That, uh, fineknuckles.com redirects to his Facebook or not his Facebook.
The Facebook his family set up in regards to the issue.
It's just tragic.
But yeah.
SSJ100MattInChat says, regardless, this was a tragedy. Absolutely.
But I do really urge people, don't take it upon yourself to be the diagnosis.
Tell the person to seek diagnosis and just be available.
Alright.
Well, let's shift gears here a little bit.
Let's take it to the listeners with a question and a, uh, segment we do here every week called the FUGL Question of the Week.
Facebook and Google, you take those words, you slam them together, you get FUGL.
And the FUGL Question of the Week this week has to do with a Nintendo story.
And, uh, the Nintendo story that we link to, um, talks about how Nintendo is hiring more people to strengthen their internal development studios in the development of fan favorite franchises as well as new intellectual properties.
But the question we asked on FUGL was, which do you hope that Nintendo focuses on more in the development of games for Wii U and 3DS?
Development of fan favorite franchise games or new IPs and why?
I was looking for people to kind of pick one or the other.
I'm not sure I was really clear in that question because we get a lot of answers where people are saying both.
I'll go ahead and read those answers anyway.
Let's start on Google Plus tonight.
Act Dev says, well, it's kind of obvious that they're going to try to focus on the Wii U since they truly need games for that.
Don't know if they'll be totally new IPs, but they'll probably incorporate new ideas into the franchises we know and love.
And while we already have a new Smash Brothers on the way, I would love to see a new Metroid using the game pad and, of course, a new F-Zero and Kirby game.
Retertainment says, as has been said many times before, variety is the spice of life.
If you do the same things over and over again, eventually those things get tiresome, dated, and boring.
However, we are talking about a corporation here.
Corporations live by one mantra. Cash rules everything around me. Cream.
While I may want newer IPs in order to get a more diverse gaming landscape, older IPs sell better.
Therefore, even though I want new IPs, old IPs are probably what I'm going to get.
That's a good answer that kind of tells me what you want that kind of keeps the real side in it.
I like that answer. I think you are right. Well, I think a lot of these answers are right.
Liam C. on Facebook says, concentrate on developing new IPs to bring in a new audience that is generally held by the Xbox Playstation, but also give older franchises a chance on the Wii U, like Golden Sun and F-Zero.
Codeman says, I'm kind of on the fence about this. As much as I would love to see new IPs, I love remakes of such games as the Mario franchise, Smash Brothers, F-Zero, etc.
I think that Nintendo should begin to focus a bit on indie developers. That's where the fans are. Well, at least me.
Although the exclusive Bayonetta 2 looks fantastic. So, I just don't know. Very difficult question.
Yeah, that was the idea. It was a difficult question.
I always mispronounce this name, and especially because I've been drinking. I'm not going to remember it now.
It's Sial? Sial? Sial? I probably said it wrong. I'm very sorry.
Says in chat, I think they should try for an equal focus on the Wii U and 3DS, maybe giving the Wii U slightly more attention due to its issue in the sales department.
As for new IPs versus old, that's another. Both, I want more 2D Metroid and another Mega Man game.
Nintendo slapped the stupid out of Capcom real quick and get on that. However, if they make something real interesting, I will not be disappointed either.
Man, how epic would a 2D Mega Man game be on the Wii U where you could have your thing to switch weapons right there on the gamepad, so you never have to bring up the little window.
You don't ever have to bring it up after SNES games.
Oh yeah, that's right, because you have the L and R triggers.
You can use the L and R triggers.
That's true. But still, still, think about it.
And you can keep holding a charge while you switch through your weapons.
A map or something. There's so much potential there with the Wii U.
Andy R says, new IPs. There we go. Somebody's saying one or the other. New IPs.
Mario and Zelda are cool and all, but I'd love to see a Nintendo mascot that wasn't created more than three console generations ago.
Well, you get Steel Diver for free. That was this generation.
SSG100 Matt says, we have all been waiting for Nintendo to come out with the next new IP for many years.
They have flirted with some franchises, but fully expanded them to the length of Mario, Pokemon, Metroid, and Zelda.
While we all still respect and love the classics, they will always be there for us in some way, shape, or form.
I'm more interested in seeing the next new idea from Nintendo.
The thought of something new coming to the table sounds much more exciting than just another Mario, Zelda, or Metroid rehash.
I'm going to give you two huge IPs that Nintendo did last generation.
In fact, I would say Nintendo's biggest IP of all time came last generation.
And y'all are forgetting. Anybody?
Wii Fit.
Excite Truck.
Close.
Wii Fit is one of the big ones.
Wii Sports.
Wii Sports.
Excite Truck.
Wii Sports was last generation.
I would kill for it.
No, the answer is Excite Truck.
Okay, fine. There's Excite Truck as well.
Excite Truck is awesome.
Alright.
Let's see, where was I?
Speaking of which, now that I think about it, what are those guys working on?
The guys at Monster Games that have done, you know, two racing games for Nintendo and they're still working on another racing game that...
Hopefully not unemployment.
Maybe F-Zero?
Excite Truck U. That could only be the dream.
Alright. Did I read SSG100 Matt's answer? I did. That was the one I was on, right?
I think so. Okay.
Zether says, new IP. We need more of those, less of Mario and Zelda. When Nintendo experiments, sometimes the result is good.
The thing they have to hear, they have to have something that's going to do well.
Clover Nikon says, the new talent should work on new IPs. That doesn't mean the new talent could offer a fresh take on our favorite Nintendo classics.
Tiger Claw says, I would like Nintendo to work on a brand new Star Fox game, but I think they could take the game in another direction and do it no linear and more open world-ish.
Instead of sticking to the rail shooter it was originally. Plus, I would like to see Nintendo develop a brand new IP that doesn't involve their own characters making cameos.
You know, Mario Galaxy was kind of a new IP. It's just that it had Mario, but it didn't play like a Mario. Well, I mean, it didn't, it didn't.
It was a platformer, but it was so different. You know what I mean?
I like Super Paper Mario. I thought that was a good version of Paper Mario.
And I liked it a lot better than, like, I even went back and played Paper Mario and I just like, eh.
Nintendo's solution to sell new IPs is to shove Mario into it. And it really works.
It really works for them in a way that...
Not so much for Wario. Remember the Wario game that they had that was fucking amazing? It was all hand drawn and like, it looked just like one of those Rayman games and then it was just, no one bought it.
That was Wario Land, shake it. That game was so much fun.
Gamergirl says, I think it would be cool if the new IPs helped work on maybe some new games. Mario and Zelda are fine, but what if they steered clear of those two icons for a while?
Would it make people dislike Nintendo anymore?
Here's the thing, there has to be an HD Zelda. That has to happen. Can you imagine, like, people will revolt in the streets if there's not an HD Zelda and soon.
It's time to bring back Rad Racer.
I'm with you, Gamergirl. I think they should do some, but to deny an HD Zelda, that's too much.
We need to see the rebirth of Snake, Rattle, and Roll.
JVMonk? That wasn't a Nintendo game, was it? It was rare or, yeah.
It was, but Nintendo needs to...
I may get some hate, but Zelda's kind of overrated and has its talent.
Get out! No, I'm just kidding.
Actually, like Ocarina of Time...
People need to move on past Zelda.
Ocarina of Time is super overrated, but I have to remember that a lot of people, like, that is literally the game they grew up on.
Like, went through their teenage years playing and so forth, so, like, I will always love Link to the Past the best.
So when they announced that 3DS sequel, I literally did the eeee thing, right?
When they announced that sequel, because I'm so excited, because that's, like, my favorite Zelda.
I don't get Ocarina of Time at that same level. Certainly not when we start talking Majora's Mask and, like, yeah.
Link to the Past is the only one I can play.
However, um...
I did play through a crapload of Ocarina, though.
Twilight Princess was pretty fucking good. Like, that I can't deny.
I named my cat after that game.
It was pretty for a Wii game, but...
Alright, anyhow. Uh, Chiggers...
Is it me or was Midna just the best new character ever in a Zelda series?
Yeah.
There's a reason why you named a creature after her.
Alright, uh...
I think she's a little imp.
Chiggers in our Facebook says,
I would like to see a new Mario RPG and not Paper Mario.
I think they need to bring Square Enix back to do it, too. Good luck.
And work on your damn online capabilities, like Online Mario Party or even the aforementioned Mario RPG.
I think it would be kind of cool to do a Diablo-type online Mario game.
How would that even work, but I like it.
And lastly, Raginator says,
I want to see a mix of new IPs and fan faves.
Why does it have to be one or another?
Because I said so.
That's the question. One or the other.
That's fine. That's fine.
Uh, we appreciate all the answers nonetheless.
It sounds like most people are like,
we need a little of column A and a little of column B.
That you can't make me pick one, Rob.
You just can't.
And I can respect that.
Those are some of the answers there at facebook.com slash orangehonestradio
and our Google Plus community.
Thanks to y'all for participating.
Back to the news. Loki.
Alright.
So this is pretty awesome news.
Volition has actually kind of partnered up with
the guys behind the Gentleman of the Row mod.
It's the Idol Ninja.
And they are kind of doing this mod tool thing.
They're actually participating on their forums now pretty actively
and helping create all sorts of new mods for Saints Row the Third, Saints Row 2
and eventually going to have a full blown mod kit for Saints Row 4.
And we're talking all sorts of stuff.
And even Saints Row the Third already you can do quite a bit.
Like I have some mods running on there where I have some handheld lasers and stuff like that.
They're pretty sweet.
So yeah, I'm pretty excited to see what they're going to do with this.
And the way it sounds like now is with these tools you can essentially
it's basically the tools they're using to make the game.
You can create new maps, new weapons, characters, missions, etc.
It's going to really expand a lot of the game.
So I'm already expecting to get it on PC anyway.
So it makes me excited.
I know you love your mods too.
It'll be awesome.
Alright.
Well maybe you'll be able to mod this game when it comes to PC.
Although probably not because it is an MMO.
It's always connected but kind of surprising.
Dragon Quest X announced during a 10 hour live stream.
I'm hoping that was a lot of gameplay.
Oh boy.
Yeah it's a lot, huh?
But anyway, Square Enix announced during this live stream that the Nintendo exclusive
or at least it was, it's coming to PC on September 26th in Japan.
It will retail for $40 but there will also be a deluxe version for 9800 yen
which would be about what, 80 bucks?
That has a Dragon Quest X PC game controller, monster encyclopedia book,
a map of the world, security token, and additional in-game content.
Very interesting because Dragon Quest obviously is huge in Japan
and this game was a selling point.
Dragon Quest X was on Wii and Wii U.
Never came here though and I don't understand why but alright.
I'm surprised Monster Hunter hasn't really come to PC.
Yeah it's very interesting.
I mean different company but.
Yeah it's just so interesting.
But anyway, you can get a Dragon Quest X PC benchmark.
It's available for download at nvidia.co.jp
and there's also a beta sign up available.
So yeah, there you go, Dragon Quest X coming to PC.
Nintendo losing that exclusive in Japan but maybe the Wii U especially didn't have.
So console exclusive.
Yeah, well yeah it's still console exclusive which is cool.
Well Wii U I mean.
Final Fantasy XIV will be exclusive to Sony consoles.
It's not going to be on Nintendo and it's not going to be on Xbox 360 or one
so kind of a similar situation.
Anyhow, Dark Sakura.
In other news, there's a company called the Fullbright Company that has a game.
I have to actually check this out.
Their little trailer for it called Gone Home.
Which is sort of, I guess it's going to go into some sort of point and click survival horror game.
Where basically a girl goes home from college to find her family is completely missing.
The house is empty and she's trying to look for clues.
Well, basically the company is pulling out of their showing at Penny Arcade Expo.
After some comments that were made regarding some basic transphobia.
This was from Mike with Penny Arcade.
And lots of just really negative comments that were going out.
So basically they're saying that even though this is their biggest form of exposure that they could get for their game.
They're pulling out because those type of comments and basically the nature of these people is not what they want to associate with their game and their company.
So they've completely pulled out.
I honestly get the sense from this guy over at Penny Arcade is that he's not necessarily transphobic by nature.
You know that would mean that he like hates them or whatever.
But he kind of he has...
Doesn't understand it?
Yeah, I think so. I think he kind of misunderstands how to communicate about that in public or whatever.
And he's very hard headed.
And I think the big problem is how he was lashing out on Twitter.
And when he said he's made some comment like if you use the...
And I am totally paraphrasing. Do not quote me on this because I don't have his Twitter in front of me.
But it was something like if you say the word cis around me then stop doing that because I totally discount you at that point.
Like really bold headed, thick headed statements like that.
Oh there was the dick wolves thing too.
Think before you tweet. You influence a lot of people.
My granddaddy had a fantastic phrase.
Put brain in gear before mouth in motion.
Or in this case fingers in motion.
But it's definitely an act don't react.
Take a moment and think about it.
Yeah.
So, and you know some folks in extrovert says they were comments that were taken out of context.
But when you influence that many people a singular tweet like that, that can happen.
You know and you've got to really think about some of these things that you're saying.
You know and again I'm giving the guy credit.
I don't think at heart he hates trans people.
Like that's not the impression I get at all.
It's not like Penny Arcade built its reputation on being the most PC comic there was.
The impression I get is that he's saying it's my way or the highway.
And the trans community is trying to say actually when you say this we consider it offensive for these reasons.
You know and it's like it's kind of like he's not conveying that he understands that appropriately.
Yeah it's one thing to educate someone who doesn't want to be educated.
And I can understand though where as a company if there's this general conception going on that this is how they feel.
I can understand wanting to separate your company's image from that conception.
So yeah they were perfectly and if they wanted to pull out of Penny Arcade Expo whatever their reasons were they were valid.
Did you see the follow up by the way? I don't know if you saw the follow up.
No I didn't.
He actually posted an apology yesterday the 21st.
No I guess that would be two days ago.
He actually ended up making a donation to the Trevor Project of $20,000.
Now I feel really good and really kind of hmm at that.
Like Trevor Project is an awesome charity.
I'm so glad they're getting this.
But there's that part of me I have to go here.
There's that part of me that's like.
You can't throw money at the problem and expect people to forget it.
It's not so much that but it's like where did that money come from?
Because you just told everybody you needed to do this Kickstarter to do this Penny Arcade podcast.
And you know you set the bar at $10 and set these stretch goals at hundreds of thousands of dollars.
When I can tell you it does not take that kind of money to do a podcast.
It's the money that they're bringing in from Penny Arcade?
Yeah.
So I mean I'm again it's a slippery slope because I'm like I can't say oh $20,000 a charity what a horrible thing you did.
But I'm just kind of.
It almost seems like they're trying to buy forgiveness.
That's my top impression.
This is a.
Yeah.
Okay let me put it this way.
I think this is the best way I can put it.
This is a good step but it's not going to fix the problem.
Does that make sense?
Yeah.
The problem is.
Here's an example.
The reaction and the tweets and.
I can give a local example.
This is what it makes me think of.
Remember when the ice cream chain local leather bees was having a problem about them having donated their money to the pro prop eight.
They was just but we we serve ice cream at pride events.
It's sort of almost the same thing where they're trying to put a bandaid over something without getting to what the actual problem was.
And in this case it's like well we're getting money to this but the whole thing is that the damage has been done.
It's going to take quite a bit more to turn it around if at all.
You know what I mean.
So it's it's like they're trying to make put a put a bandaid over it and hope people forget.
Extra for in chat says I don't think they feel like it'll fix the problem either but it doesn't hurt to donate money shrug.
I agree it's not again I'm not I'm certainly not hating on the donation but there is that part of me that goes like okay well you know.
Put your mouth where your money is I guess is what I'm saying.
And but you know nobody's perfect.
Lord knows I've said a lot of stupid shit on this show over the past 11 years.
So anyway but the other thing I want to address we have a lot of people in chat that are asking what does what is says and what is this gender and teaching moment teaching moment.
It means a gender you were born with whatever your physical genitalia indicate that you are or your chromosomes indicate right.
That's what you are you agree with what you were born with.
Now there's certainly a reaction out there that people will go well I have male genitals and I'm male but isn't that just normal.
For you it is.
Right and that's the point.
That's where the transgender community is is having is is having this difficulty because so many people just go well there's no such thing as this gender because that's just normal.
And transgender is like well wait a minute transgender is normal too.
This is a real thing.
I would say.
This is how we help you know.
Cisgender would be the majority.
Yes.
As in you find more people biologically who agree with the gender that they genetically were predisposed towards I guess.
I mean you know it could be hormonal it could be people you also have people with multiple chromosome issues.
You know are you still have people who are born hermaphroditic.
And it's whatever like that what was that that that story that was going that was making the rounds about the the man in China who went to have a problem says well technically you're female.
Because he actually had multiple chromosomal issues but they said he had female bits.
He just thought he was small.
But you know the whole thing is that well that's what his doctor told him that the government upheld he'd been raised male he lived male government upheld your your man.
You know it's that type of thing.
You know.
Whatever and I am not.
I'm not a big fan of labels in general because I think that labels are a good way.
Yeah maybe you can embrace it to understand who you are for a degree of self-acceptance but it's also ways that people try to categorize other people.
Queen Simeon our chat says that's kind of like calling white skin normal or less colored crayon heterosexual normal.
Well and the big thing and actually I love people on Tumblr for this.
We're getting to see a lot more attention put on the asexuality community for people who just have no interest in it.
Which.
OK I'll go for people who define their sexuality as none of the above.
You can be romantic but not have.
And it doesn't stop you from not you.
I've known several people in that category.
Exactly.
And you know I'll go ahead and say it. I'm in that category.
Don't don't like it. Don't care. I like reading about it.
I think porn is hilarious but I really don't.
I never really have.
But you're in a fully functional but I'm in a functional marriage and sometimes you know it makes me happy to make Dan happy.
But it has nothing to say about him. It's all me.
And he understands that and he's perfectly fine with that and I have no problem admitting it to anybody.
I just it's just not how I'm wired.
And you know I think that when you get to the point where you have people that are looking at something that they don't understand where it doesn't fit into what their concept of normal is.
There's going to be a reaction to it.
There's going to be people who go oh well that's not normal.
That's not I don't think that way I was raised to think that well it doesn't matter what you were raised to think.
What matters is what is.
Just because you were raised. Oh my God.
This actually goes back to the stupid Paula Deen thing too.
Just because you were raised to think that does not mean that you are right to think that.
Let me get another one more comment here because I think this is an important one to end on.
Chiggers in chat says there's no such thing as a normal human and totally agree.
But that's kind of where the problem with you know Penny Arcade Guy's reaction lies is that when he says like you know if you use this term then you're an idiot essentially.
You know he's kind of like you know he's he's saying it's it's he that he rejects that and I think that's just that's that's the issue.
You know among other things I just say you know it doesn't matter who what bits you were born with it doesn't matter if you love someone and don't want to sleep with them.
It doesn't matter if you want to sleep with them then don't love them.
You know I guess that's kind of but it just matters that you don't be an asshole.
Don't be an asshole.
This is a perfect comment to end on and then we'll go to the next story Loki.
Drunami, fuck the haters, be you.
Amen.
Amen.
Well and don't be an asshole.
Alright Loki, fuck the haters, be you with the next story.
So yes PlayStation Plus is not going to be required for the automatic updates on your PlayStation 4.
Remember it does automatic updates in the background on the PlayStation 4 and right now that's only a feature that's on PlayStation Plus.
However that's something that's going to change once the PlayStation 4 comes out at least for the PlayStation 4.
It's not going to be tied to that so you will still be able to do those auto updates for games game and system updates and yeah so that's kind of cool.
But of course they would like to encourage that you buy PlayStation Plus as well but I was kind of disappointed.
I just signed up for PlayStation Plus and I remember they have an instant game collection.
I didn't realize they cycle titles out of that so you have to kind of download them at the time in order to be able to play some of them.
Because I wanted to do the Shadow Eco and Shadow of the Colossus collection and stuff like that.
But you know right now it's like Saints were the Third Vanquish which is going away so I downloaded it anyways.
And LittleBigPlanetKarting which by the way will be this week's VOG gaming night title.
I have that game maybe I'll actually be able to play it for once.
Yes Friday night.
I was guessing on that other podcast this week that's why I couldn't do it this week.
That's right this week I was playing Final Fantasy 14 so I didn't have anything.
But yes this week it will be LittleBigPlanetKarting on the PlayStation 3 so if you have PlayStation Plus it's a free title download it and check it out.
I have yet to play it so it will be interesting.
It's fun.
It looks fun.
Yeah you'll have fun with it.
Alright moving on to this story I find this interesting.
This is about Dungeons and Dragons Chronicles of Mystaria.
Now this game just came out on Xbox Live and PlayStation Network.
It's remasters of the old 90's arcade games which were awesome by the way.
But in Japan they're getting a special PlayStation 3 retail release.
Exclusive features and enhancements not in the digital version.
What?
I mean this sounds great don't get me wrong but why were there two versions of this game being done and why is the better one exclusive to Japan?
Because the new one has the color edit feature.
Multiple players can play as the same character.
There's an in depth series of options.
You can toggle features like random damage and breakable weapons.
I don't get it.
Oh well.
Luckily the PlayStation 3 is region free so if you feel very strongly about it.
Ultimately I'll be satisfied with the digital version here.
But if you feel strongly if you really love these games the good news is PlayStation 3 is region free so import it from Japan.
Have a ball.
Just hope you can read the Japanese text or know the game well enough to get around it.
So there you go.
It's that time of the week where we go to the mailbag and read some of your emails.
Are you good to do that tonight?
I'll be okay there's only four.
Oh my god there were only two earlier.
Okay let's go to the mailbag.
Well if there were other they were Russian or Mandarin.
We have a huge influx.
I know a word in Russian.
Duh.
Just to throw it out there our mailbag is still mailbag at orangelandradio.com.
However I'm strongly contemplating changing that in the coming weeks.
If for nothing else than to flush out the spam because we're getting too much of it.
I actually would recommend that we switch it through a Google account.
Unfortunately you have to pay for those now for business accounts.
No.
Yes you do.
Well what about the redirects?
I don't know I will look into that.
Because I really like Google's filters.
Yeah I know.
We'll talk about that later.
You have to pay for that now unfortunately but we will talk about that offline.
I have a dollar.
For now continue using mailbag at orangelandradio.com.
We will flood the Twitter and all that stuff.
Thanks brownies please.
When we change.
Alright.
Okay.
Dear OLR.
I'm sorry I couldn't get through last week as I was eager to discuss my own thoughts on E3 with you.
With Next Generation officially across the horizon.
I find myself reminiscing about my own journey with gaming.
I discovered the arcades in the late 70's and immediately fell in love with video games.
I met soft friends that owned 2600's before Christmas.
My father bought us an Atari 5200.
I got two of those.
They're awesome.
I love that thing.
Terrible controllers and all.
Yes thank you.
The controllers of 5200 are ass.
Dan just rebuilt two controllers.
So that we could go to Atari party.
Okay.
My software career began as a game tester for Sega testing games like Dark Wizard on Sega CD and Aladdin for Game Gear.
I even owned my own retail store when I rented out import games and met a lot of local developers from Namco, Capcom, and EA.
I since left the gaming industry but have remained dedicated to the community at large.
I have probably owned nearly every major console and portable in the last 20 years.
Sorry for being sniffy.
I find myself in a strange position these days.
I've pre-ordered both the PS4 and the much maligned Xbox One.
Rob remains one of my two friends on the Wii U by the way.
Haha.
You guys have described coming to E3 as if it was a death march.
And I guess that I really didn't perceive it as such.
I won't go so far as to say that I agree with every policy that's being introduced.
But I'm not frightened either.
I wonder if the core gaming community is simply intimidated by what this change might mean.
This is after all the final transition into a digital delivery only reality.
Of course since then they've kind of backpedaled.
BlackWolf and Chad is asking, so can this guy fix my Neo Geo?
Maybe.
Bobby I'm still checking some of my resources.
Trust me.
Well if this guy, who emailed this?
Dark Charger.
If Dark Charger's listening and you can fix Neo Geo's please let us know.
Yeah and if you can mod my Neo Geo, I'm just kidding.
We're gonna bring you business buddy.
Did I tell you how we got a Neo Geo?
Dan traded his take a CD for it. That's how we have a Neo Geo.
Uh, where was I?
Still I look at all the amazing games at E3 and I couldn't imagine myself not being part of that.
The six year old enemy that walked into that first arcade still finds excitement at how gaming is getting better and frankly cheaper.
The Xbox One makes sense for me as a primary console because I actually am really looking forward to the multimedia features.
I want an all in one solution for games, IPTV, etc.
My relatives are all excited that I will be sharing my gaming library with them because they know I buy a ton of games.
For them this opens up gaming in ways not previously available especially those that live out of the immediate area.
I'm still getting the PS4 for the exclusives, JM ports, and indie games.
And it's all the excitement I find myself a bit sad that I no longer quite fit in the same way with the core gaming community that I identified with for so long.
Perhaps the years of my own career as an online gaming software developer have skewed that perceptive, I guess maybe perception, especially since I know how little game developers actually make.
I often find myself these days castigated on forums for my views despite my lifelong dedication to this hobby.
I am at least, I am glad at least that every gamer indeed has a voice here.
Your friendly neighborhood gaming pariah, Dark Charger.
You know there's a lot of passionate opinions right now. Don't let Twitter and Facebook and the things that people say when there's nobody around there to immediately yell at them for what they're saying.
Don't take that with too much weight. Like you know, yeah I was pretty miserable going into this year's E3.
And I understand where people were excited about pushing things forward and some of these new ideas that Microsoft was going to bring to the table.
Although it was a big nebula we didn't really know.
But I don't think that means like doom and gloom that they didn't go that way either.
I think it just says that you know $60 is a lot to pay for a game and people want control over you know what they do when they're done with that game.
So by the time these consoles come out I think you'll hear a lot more about the games themselves because people will be actually playing them and this will get a lot better.
Well there's a PS on this. This is PS if you have never done it.
Please do a classic game of the week on Treasure's Yu Yu Hawk show for our Mega Drive.
That was a good game. But now though I'm really sad because like my favorite song from that series just popped into my head, Sayonara Bye Bye.
I did watch quite a bit of Yu Yu Hawk Show.
Sounds like it could be a classic game soon.
Well don't let me forget about it. That was a good game.
Alright, hello OLR radio. That's kind of a redundant R. I love the crew.
Hello ATM machine.
Hello pin number.
To all gamers, can't we all just get along? Please go and pre-order an Xbox One.
We can't let a little negativity take us out of the game. Show Microsoft that we are there through thick and thin.
Let's face it, $900 for both consoles ain't bad.
Dude, you know what? That's almost a month of rent.
Yeah, I hate to say it but...
What is not that... Whatever your income is, I want it.
Yeah, I hate to say it.
Tell your daddy to adopt me.
Or to give this guy a little credit, if it's $900 spread across a year, and I can buy one console this year and one console next year, that's far more reasonable.
And probably what I will do.
One last...
You could also do like on a payment... I can't speak.
A payment plan?
Tequila finally caught up with me.
Or a responsible credit card.
I pre-ordered the Xbox One on my Best Buy credit card and it's like no interest for 18 months so I'm going to be paying that off over the 18 months so I don't get hammered with the interest by then.
I'll tell you what happened when we got our PS3, right? Because we bought the top model one and controllers and everything.
We used our Discover card. We got $100 rebate back on it.
That's right. Discover does cash back, right?
It's like for every sum amount you spend, you get a percentage back.
And in this case too, because Dan also was a GameStop manager, he got a discount on hardware and the games.
So we actually ended up getting it for cheaper than the lower model.
I miss those days.
Anyway, where was I?
One last thing. No need to upgrade those PCs anymore. The consoles have high-end PC specs on a unified platform which will allow the devs to create high-end PC games for those consoles. Thank you, Sam.
Yeah, except I can't use Photoshop on my Xbox. So, wrong.
Yet.
No. I cannot effectively use Photoshop.
What if they hack it?
That's not true, actually. The next iteration of Photoshop is actually going to be in the cloud.
Like I said, effectively use it.
Keyboard and mouse support.
Think about, though, using a higher-end monitor.
It supports 4K output.
You could get a really good level of precision, possibly.
But I can't use a controller.
Humor the thought.
I like having my window open while I am looking at my Tumblr and chatting with Becky and playing with Kat and, you know...
And wondering why you never got your project done.
Do you know what I had to draw the other day?
What?
A turkey drinking beer.
Random.
It was awesome.
And here I am, high on Robitussin, drawing a turkey drinking beer.
It's for charity.
Which, by the way, thank you, Matt, so much for... Grandpa Matt.
But yeah, I think what you're sort of forgetting to do...
Did somebody literally hire you?
No.
I'm doing pro bono work.
It goes in my portfolio.
I'm not knocking...
Charity is good.
It's good. And I'm not knocking anything that's gonna...
You've done great stuff for Unloud, too, so it's all charity.
I'm not gonna knock anything, especially that's going to feed the homeless.
And as soon as I get the okay about this, I will say something on the show.
Okay.
But at any rate, you've got a lot more versatility with a PC.
I'm just putting it there. Multitasking on a PC? Far easier.
You know, I think the game system should be dedicated towards only the entertainment purposes.
And for the record, I can play Star Trek online and watch episodes of Supernatural at the same time, so shut up.
Now, I wasn't really hearing enough of the why in that email.
I was hearing you should support Microsoft because you're a gamer, but why?
I'm supporting Sony because I'm a gamer.
Then Microsoft should support me, too.
And those old policies, I think they supported corporate interests, they didn't support me.
Call me whatever name you want in the book.
I just believe that when you invest $60 in the game, it should be up to you what you do with that game when you're done with it and not Microsoft.
Period.
As an adult consumer, I sat and looked at them, even after Microsoft did their backpedal, and looked at them side by side and said,
What is going to be the better use of my money? What's going to give me more of what I want and less of what I don't?
But I respect your opinion, emailer, and I think we will hear more about this, and I don't think we'll really have the answer to this whole console war
until we know more about what this is going to look like day one, because we still don't know what day these are coming out.
We don't know what games they're making launch.
There's still a lot of nebulas on both sides.
And in the end, I'm grown up. I do what I want.
Okay, a guy got logged out of chat, too.
Um, hey, OLR, before gettingoh, God, this one's long.
That's what she said.
Or he.
The stairs she gave Rob.
Rob got the A-D-S.
Hey, OLR. Hey.
Beforebefore getting into the meat of this letter, I'd like to send my condolences to the family, friends, and associates of David, Knuckles, Dawson, Drueger for their loss.
The loss of a person that meant so much to so many people is saddening and helps to put things in perspective.
All the anger and hate on both sides of the Xbox One debate seems to be meaningless in times like this.
While it never truly gets better, the pain eases with time, especially if you hold onto the memories of who that person was.
With that said, it's time to get to the point.
With the Xbox One's draconian DRM policies being reversed, there are many people, including Bobby Blackwell and Cliff Bleszinski, who are looking at the consumer's victory as a horrible loss of innovation.
I already know how this email is signed.
But go on.
Yeah.
I'm gonna read it. Every gamer has a voice.
Every gamer has a voice.
Bobby was particularly sarcastic bordering on Spyful earlier tonight.
Why don't you send Bobby this letter, not us?
Keep going.
These people have gotten on my tam nerves and have gotten to the point where I can barely stand to see or hear their exclusive ravings.
The narrative they seem to be sticking to is we're blocking, quote, progress and imperiling the industry.
My anger towards this is for one simple reason.
I do not oppose the existence of digital distribution.
While I don't use DRM- God stop.
While I don't use DRM-based services like Steam, I don't even oppose their existence.
I understand a lot of people like Steam and that's fine. It just isn't for me.
However, the Xbox One was designed in such a way to take away the choice of the traditional disc-based games.
People like myself, who enjoy a more flexible model of physical distribution, were upset because we didn't want it taken away.
We didn't want to take away digital for those of you who prefer that, but the way Bobby Black Wolf, Shadow Next Gen, and the light go on.
Oh God, I'm sorry.
You think we're all some rabid luddites in mud huts trying our best to destroy any purpose at all costs.
Okay. Ah, ah, ah, ah. Nope, nope, nope.
When I saw the rest of it.
Where was that? Okay, look, look.
I respect-
This is a reaction, not an action.
I respect your passionate opinion. However, I'm losing respect for this email and the way you're lashing out.
Because come on, Bobby didn't say that in that way.
And this whole thing with the mud huts is a come on.
I get your point. Like, I understand the whole, like, I feel like consumers are trying to take away what's rightfully mine and all this stuff.
Like, I get that.
But I also understand why Bobby was like, but there's new ideas we're not going to get to see because the internet got what they wanted.
But nowhere in that did I necessarily hear that he thought that that was like a bad thing or a horrible thing or gamers are doomed or that's, you know, or whatever.
Can I interject?
Yeah, of course.
Shadow next gen. I made the email awesome. High fives, black wolf.
Oh, God.
Bobby and Chad is responding right now saying, I'm happy we can get back to talking about the games. And I think that's a good way to put it.
I'm trying to see if there's anything-
I just, like, the Cliffy B thing, I'm okay with you dragging him a little bit because Cliffy B can be a little bit bullheaded with his opinions.
But my point is that these other guys are calling out in your email. They're not so bullheaded. Like, you know, but they do have some different opinions.
Yes, they are supporting Microsoft because they think a little differently about this stuff. And I don't think that makes them anti-consumer or anti anything.
They're just different.
What I was reading further into this email is that I think that, I'll go ahead and say it, Rawsteel UT, is under the impression that there is a backlash against people who prefer the traditional method of distribution.
Saying that because of people like you, we can't have this. We are being made to suffer because you have, in our opinion, an antiquated point of view.
Oh, and I did see some of that on Twitter this week.
Yes.
Not from the individuals you named, however.
And he is trying to say, no, I don't care about digital distribution. I don't like to be limited to digital distribution.
And I agree with you. I think there should be both.
I think that they can have both methods. They can have their online model. They can have a disk-based model. Make the online model cheaper.
If you're going to pay for physical materials, then pay for physical materials and the cost of shipping. You want it physical, deal with it physically.
I buy PC games in equal measure, digital and physical. For example, when I went on my rampage to find Mass Effect 3 before I found out how bad it was. Not bad.
It's fun to play. It's just story-wise. I got Best Buy to knock down the price. And I got a physical copy because I got the better deal for it and I have to pay shipping.
So by the same token, if it had been 20 bucks on sale on Steam or something, which it would have been on Steam, but that's just my point, I would have bought it on Steam in a heartbeat.
I would have bought whatever one suited my financial purposes better.
Let me say exactly what Bobby was saying in a different way now that we've got that out there. And I'm saying that I agree with you that we should also have the disk-based game and the digital game.
And Bobby, I'm going to do my best to sum up what you were saying. As far as the digital distribution goes, Steam is really the king of that right now.
And if Microsoft had been able to go down that route, Steam would have had a little bit of competition and that competition would have been healthy for the industry.
But because the consumer spoke up and said, we want our disks and we want it this way, we will never know what digital 2.0, for lack of a better term, will look like.
I don't think Bobby feels or even Shadow Next Gen feels that that's somebody's fault or it's because of whining or something like that.
But it goes without saying, we're not going to know what that future of digital looks like right now because we just weren't ready for it.
However, my perspective is, why can't we just have both? And I think that's what Microsoft should work on next.
And Chat Room, I would encourage you not to basically talk shit about Rosco, UT behind his back. That is immature, unnecessary. You can talk about his attitude.
You can disagree with the points that he's made, but don't dismiss somebody's opinion.
He has a valid point from his point of view, although I think it's short-sighted.
I will go ahead and read his last paragraph.
Go ahead.
As to the Xbox One now, I'm still not getting it because of the camera, where he and I are in the same boat there.
I'm not afraid of the potential for spying as it can be used offline. However, that Microsoft has the balls to ask me to pay $100 more for a console they've already admitted is weaker than the PS4.
Not only that, but the PS4 will likely have more exclusive when all is said and done. When MS drops the Kinect and the price to go with it.
Between the PS4 and the Wii U, I have more than enough gaming to go for the next six to eight years without Microsoft.
Anyway, thanks for reading. Hope you all have a good day. Regards, Rosco, UT.
And like I said, I think that what I'm seeing going on is a bit of hard-headedness on multiple sides.
Right.
I think that he's got a misperception of what, you know, Bobby and everybody's saying.
And I think at the same time, maybe there's a bit of a misperception of where he's coming from.
Right.
So I think people just need to sit down, drop the attitude, and talk.
I agree. And I need to say this in defense of my friend and my associate, Bobby Blackwolf.
You don't know the half of what Bobby's been dealing with this week.
And Bobby puts on the show that he does, you know, out of love for the gaming industry.
Totally.
And Bobby does not deserve some of what you gave him tonight. Play nice.
Yeah.
Celebrate the different opinions. Come, you know, talk respectfully amongst each other and try to learn from each other.
Don't throw fits and walk off.
I would have stopped reading where I did, regardless, if you hadn't called it.
But I did think, though, he brought up the valid point with the last paragraph. Just saying.
No, I agree.
I agree with that, too.
They all have valid points. Where every gamer has a point. You have a valid point. And you have a valid point. And you have a valid point.
You know, and this is my big thing again, I really hate when people try to single other people out.
As you know, he was accusing in his letter, I didn't go too far into that part.
He was accusing him and people like him of being the scapegoat being turned into scapegoats.
I think you're sort of doing the same thing. So, yeah, that's that. Yeah.
That's my kind of my point. Exactly.
You need to, I think, and this actually goes with any issue, anything that people have this big disagreements on, whether it be social, political, religious, video games, shit that does not matter, shit that does matter.
Respect that people are going to be out there that think differently from you and make your approach to where you were trying to understand them.
With anything. You don't know what you're talking about until you've walked into the other person's shoes.
For the record, though, Cliffy B never has a valid point. No, he doesn't. So how about last email?
I just want to make sure that was clear.
Dear OLR disclaimer, please excuse any and all grammatical errors. I guess for you I could do it, lady.
First off, I'd like to say you guys do an amazing job. Love the show as always. This week makes 10 years since my father passed away.
I'm sorry. And I will never forget how the show is there for me in my time of need.
You guys were always there for others, and I love that about the show.
I just wanted to say thanks for everything, you guys.
Dark Tetsuya had the pleasure of staying with me for about four weeks. I'm enjoying every moment of it.
If it weren't for you guys in the show, I don't think we would have even met.
Thanks again, you guys. Sincerely, gamer girl. This is Michelle.
And she and I have had a few talks in our time over many things, and she hasn't had an easy time with some things.
So I'm glad that we could be there for you. I'm glad that you've become friends of ours.
And I'm certainly glad that you and DT have found the happy hookup.
Which is so... I don't want to say weird, because that makes it a negative.
It's a happy weird. It's a good weird. Like me, a good weird.
Unexpected.
It's weird in a good way to me, like the impact that this show has had on that level.
Where people's lives have been affected by this.
It's uncanny.
So...
How's that, Rob? Un-canny.
Yeah, I don't... I mean, it's...
There are no cans here.
It's amazing. I mean, in a way. I mean, I knew Allen on LiveJournal for years.
But it wasn't really until he started listening to this show that he started to get to know me better.
And now we live in sin.
I'm glad you're adopting that. We were talking about that before the show.
When Prop 8's overturned.
We hope. We hope.
Well, it's gonna happen.
It's only a matter of time.
Even if it's not the Supreme Court that does it, it'll just go back to a vote and it'll get overturned then.
But I was saying that instead of answering the, when you're gonna get married, you should say, we're gonna live in sin.
The thing I dread most when Prop 8 gets overturned is that I'm just gonna get that nod.
So when are you and Allen gonna get married? When are you and Allen gonna get married?
And it's like, when we're damn good and ready.
But Jamie said I should answer that question. We enjoy living in sin.
I like that.
Oh, yeah. You know, I was actually gonna say, you know, I think when people start sort of discounting the whole internet thing.
Keep in mind, I met my husband online. Okay?
Dan and I were two dumb, young, twinny anime nerds that liked playing Street Fighter and talking about the Japanese versions of Marvel superheroes.
And, you know, he liked pinball and I thought pinball was cool. And then just we talked it out.
And six months after we started talking on the phone, I was like, hey, I'm about to lose my job. Can I come live with you?
I guess. I'm gonna go see Batman, which is pretty much how that conversation went. And I was on a plane, you know, a month later.
I met Dan when his username was DarkRioga and I was Dark Uchon. How's that?
I actually had Dark Uchon before I had Dark Sakura, just saying.
So Ranma calls me by my oldest, oldest nickname.
So, how, you know, you met Alan online, although didn't you have a previous sort of meeting?
No, we knew each other on LiveJournal. Alan and I knew each other on the website LiveJournal, which I realize some of you don't even know.
But we were just friends on there. I don't even remember how we got friended. Alan! He has to be hearing this. Alan!
Excuse me.
Does he have headphones on?
It's a night of honesty.
Oh, here he is. Alan, since we're all drunk, we're having real talk. How did we meet on LiveJournal? Like, how did we become friends on LiveJournal? Because I honest to God can't remember.
It was through comments of either Slagkicks Journal or Spikes Journal.
Oh, wow.
Yeah.
So, are friends over at GameBooey.org?
Yeah.
I think you friended me through the comments there and we got to know each other for a few years that way. But, like, you were my friend on LiveJournal through the whole X who shall not be named Voldemort.
Republican Voldemort relationship.
I knew it and you exactly knew who you were talking about.
I had. It's like you knew me then and you kind of saw that play out. But then we didn't-
Hey, he gave me a sparkly pin.
We didn't meet until we met at Video Games Live in Oakland, right?
That barely counts because we shook hands and then the lights went down to suggest, to show, to say that the show was starting. So, but yeah, we got to look at each other then.
And then when did you, you started listening to OLR and then that's when we started talking more and writing?
Yeah.
So, this show, Ruining Lives.
By the way-
Bringing them together.
They're asking if RuPaul would be the Reverend and I said no, Peter's Christ.
No, no.
Since Jamie said RuPaul, do you know that Raven and Jujubee are playing about that tonight?
Yes, I'm aware. So, I just want you all to know I'm skipping drag queens to be here for the 11th birthday. That's how much I love you all.
They're amazing.
Who, the drag queens or the listeners?
Everybody.
Everybody.
What a safe answer.
I love him. All right.
So, so yeah, anyone who ever wants to poo poo on the internet say, fuck you. People get married on the internet or together or they get together on the internet joined, joined. That's good, we're joined.
Live in sin.
Live in sin. I lived in sin with Dan for seven years and then we finally just said, fuck it.
Nothing wrong with a little sin.
Yeah. I like sin.
Are we?
It tastes like tequila.
It's 9.30 and we need to keep the show moving. So, let's get to the FUs. Oh, mailbag at orangesontrated.com if you want to send us an email.
That's it. I'm not reading anymore.
That was it though, wasn't it?
That's pretty much it.
All right. Mailbag at orangesontrated.com. In the meanwhile, FUs of the week. Let's try to make them quick.
This is fucked up.
I would like to say FU to the collision detection on JB Mon's body for hitting his tattoo.
And the stupid bitch face. And I'm saying bitch face because I don't know who the fuck it was, but whatever.
Okay, people, I don't know if it's a California thing or what, but when people change lanes and they're on the inside lane, you're supposed to stay in the inside lane.
When you are on the outside part of the turn lane, you're supposed to go into the second lane, not the third.
Well, bitch face decides to go from the inside lane into the second lane where I was.
Where I was legally because you're not supposed to change lanes in the fucking intersection. Fuck. Okay.
Care to follow that, JB Mon?
Fuck.
FUs and myself because the tequila is just hitting me now and I forgot the FU that I had to land.
Sure you're going to be able to drive?
Maybe.
We better talk later. Alright.
Loki.
Fuck you, the pointers.
Oh, you and your programming.
And my FU of the week goes to having to get up at 6.30 tomorrow for the job.
But I love my job, but I don't like getting up early for it, that's all.
Alright, just a couple quick stories for you guys. We got to get to the Skypline. Loki.
Real quick, there was an opinion piece on Polygon and I just thought it kind of brought up an interesting point.
They're talking about Microsoft and Sony and kind of Microsoft backpedaling in their DRM focus and stuff like that.
And they're saying that while this is a good thing right now, there is a very good chance that they're going to introduce some fun features like the game sharing and stuff to kind of draw people more to digital.
Where they're going to implement this DRM.
So that basically, very well now we have a good situation where the consumer feels like it has a lot of power that this could very well change over time to kind of be back to where they wanted it to be in the first place.
I don't know if that's going to actually happen. I think a lot of people would be kind of hesitant.
Once again, it's all about how they explain how they're going to do things.
If they have a good way of explaining it and basically it makes it well worth it as far as the incentives to going this route, then by all means I guess they could try doing that.
If there's enough pluses to it versus the negatives, then it's just going to have to weigh it.
I don't think that they're going to go back like that, but I do think that they may bring back some of the features that they took away from the Xbox One.
Maybe the game sharing and stuff like that.
Although, if it was what the rumor would be from that pay spin or whatever and it was just a demo, that's kind of lame anyways.
I mean, they do that with PlayStation Plus where you get demos for a bunch of games.
All I'm going to say, again, the simplest way I can put it, what are the positives to outweigh the negatives?
Exactly.
Explain that better, you'll get it.
Alright, real quick, because I want to get to our Skype line at 1877 Game OLR or our username on Skype, OrangeLoungeRadio.
Real quick tonight, because we're running long due to the technical difficulties in the studio earlier.
And I apologize because it is an anniversary episode, so I'm sure there's a few of you that want to call in.
But quickly, quickly on this story here, EA is confirming no online passes.
Even in spite of the news this week, online passes will not be coming back.
This is from Senior Director of Corporate Communications John Riesberg for EA.
Quote, there is no change to our decision to discontinue online pass. It is dead.
As we said a few weeks ago, none of our new EA titles will include online pass and we are removing it from existing games as well.
Nothing else on today's news, but did want to be clear that our online pass decision was based on player feedback and there's no change.
Long live the Cloud Pass.
Hallelujah. Oh yeah, the Cloud Pass. Don't talk like that.
Don't talk like that. Alright. 1-877-GAME-OLR or our username on Skype, OrangeLoungeRadio if you'd like to give us a call.
And yeah, we'll get to the phones there. Meanwhile, Twitter topics and last minute stories.
I bet you didn't know that today, this day, is actually the 22nd birthday of Sonic the Hedgehog.
That's right. I heard we share a birthday with Sonic.
It's that 23 thing, you know?
Did you know that I flew out here on the 23rd of January? No, I didn't know that. Years and years ago.
Well, I probably did know that, but I just forgot.
Jeez, Rab. Jeez.
We've been out here 15 years, jeez.
Our phones are lighting up, so let's go to them and see who's online. Hi, you're on OrangeLoungeRadio, who's this?
You know, you wanted to go see Raven, but you got me instead. Raven's Dolphin.
What up, Raven's Dolphin? Hi. It's video.
I love special occasions. I know now you get to see the video.
And he has ponies, I'm leaving the room.
That's exactly why I called, but let's not talk about them.
You're a brony, it's cool, it's cool.
I didn't say that.
I don't know, alright.
That's not true.
I see two big dolls, and I see one, two, three, four little ones, and two little, what are those hamsters? I can't tell, it's fuzzy.
I would forgive you if you had a classic one up there.
I promise you, there won't be any talk about that.
Alright, fair enough. Well, Raven's Dolphin, I love special episodes because it's the only time you ever call in anymore, so what's on your mind, buddy?
You make it sound like, oh, Raven just shows up to special events. I listened, I listened to you guys.
No, there's nothing wrong with that. I'm just razzing you. What's up, buddy?
You know, I wanted to talk about the whole DRM thing. I know everyone wants to talk about that.
Of course.
For me, for me being a gamer so long is, I didn't like how Microsoft's tone to everything.
Like, when they said about the submarines, about the people like, oh, we got a box for you, the 360, or when they say all kinds of draconian shit, it makes me, my head just explodes.
I'm like, you're drowning yourself, so their tone for me is why I bought a PlayStation 4.
Hmm. How did you feel when you heard about the reversal, though, despite that tone?
I mean, I know Bobby wanted to push innovation and all that stuff, and I get that. I totally get Bobby's point. I've listened to him, you know.
But the reversal, I think, was key. Like, people are like, but this is going to slow growth.
But Microsoft tried to force us into what I think of a future that wasn't ready. For me, I wasn't ready for that future because I like my internet connection.
I like all that stuff, but I live with a bunch of jackasses that can take it away from me in two seconds.
So for me, it's like I have this thing that is a brick. I know. Your family don't have this, but my family is fucked up about the internet.
What did I say earlier in the show about diversity and everyone's life is different and it affects those opinions that we have, you know? Certainly.
Yes, so it would be a big, shiny $500 brick. So for me, it's like the offline mode. You know, the online is important, but I don't want to be married to it.
I think that's fair. Well, okay, you said you pre-ordered a PlayStation 4. I'm sorry, you said you're going to get a PlayStation 4. So what are you looking forward to on PlayStation 4?
You know, believe it or not, I'm looking forward to absolutely none of the exclusives Battlefield 4.
That's fair, though. You know, the third-party games are important, too.
And I do a lot of you streaming stuff, so I'm like, that's why I want to get that. I'm like, well, it's the cheapest, Battlefield 4, it's going to look great. It was a done deal.
The games will come.
Alright, fair enough. Sounds good to me. I'll see you online because I ordered a PlayStation 4 as well.
I know we have to go, but one more thing. I mean, just one more thing. You're still sticking with the PS4, even with the reversal?
Yes.
Same here, same here.
No, no, I agree with Rob. I thought I was going to come in here and I'm like, oh, Rob's going to switch. Oh, Rob's going to switch.
No, why would I switch? All the games I won are on PlayStation 4 as well. There's a handful of Xbox-only games, but I can address that in 2014 when they'll actually be out.
Because I know me and you, we're excited for Killer Instinct.
Killer Instinct, the way it is, especially because Rare is not developing it, really just isn't enough for me. It's not $100 good.
I agree. Totally agree.
And I'm not hating on Microsoft. I mean, as I've been telling people that are like, oh, you're Sony fanboy and so forth, I'm like, hey, attention everybody.
I bought Xbox 360 at launch and I bought PlayStation 3 a year after it launched. So I'm just doing the reverse this time. What's wrong with that?
Nothing. And for me, it came down to the price and I said, okay, this works out for me. I just had enough money. When they said $400, I went like, sold. Where's GameStop?
It's the price. And I'm going to be honest, I think Xbox One is going to be under pressure to drop that price. Maybe not holiday, but in 2014, around the time I'm looking to get one.
And that's probably when I'll finally pick one up. Despite what folks may be saying otherwise about Kinect and so forth, I just kind of think the $499 price won't last forever, just like the $599 on PlayStation 3 didn't.
Nope. It dropped like a rock. Thank you for your time.
You are welcome, Ravenstaufen. Always a delight to hear from you. You take care.
I will. Bye.
Let's get to some more calls. Our phone lines are lighting up. Hi, you're on Orange Launch Radio. Who's this?
Hey, it's Drew. How you guys doing?
Oh my gosh, Drew. Intern Drew.
And happy birthday to you, sir.
Happy birthday to you. Three hours left. Your show, well, I don't know about your show, but our show,
It's the Drew show.
Our show and your life share the same birthday.
It's the Drew show. Sorry, Drew.
So you're 30 now, right?
Twenty-eight.
Thirty-thirty.
Oh my gosh.
Holy crap. I mean, I was 17 when we started out.
That is nuts.
Our former young Republican.
I remember when you were 18 and that blows my fucking mind. But anyway, this isn't about me.
I remember when you were legal to drink and that was hilarious.
What did you call in about tonight?
I was just going to chime in on the whole.
It's a hot topic these days.
The Xbox One versus PS4 thing with Microsoft doing the whole back barrel.
It's going to be the hot topic for about four more months until these consoles are out.
So by all means, five more months.
Oh, geez. You know, I'm still not convinced.
Honest. They thought they could float it past us, didn't they?
They thought, oh, this is going to be the next big thing. This is going to change the future of gaming.
After all, Steam is doing it.
The difference is, Steam started from nothing.
Steam had something going there that kind of changed the way we look at PC gaming.
I don't think that console gaming is ready for this at all.
They might not ever be.
Am I understanding you correctly that you're saying you reject both these consoles right now?
If I was going to go for it, I'd go for PS4.
But for practical reasons, I've got a whole bunch of PS3 games in Backlog right now.
I only jumped on PS3 in October.
So I've got a whole bunch of catch-up to do.
But if I had to choose and came into it, it'd probably be a PS4.
You know, I think we do...
Although it sounds like if you were going to be getting one, you get the PlayStation 4.
I think we oftentimes have been ignoring in the script.
I think we oftentimes have been ignoring in this great debate...
Debate plus battle equals debattle.
In this great debattle that we're having about PlayStation 4 versus Xbox One,
I think we oftentimes forget that there are many people, yourself included,
and probably many of our chatters that are like,
You know what? I'm not getting either one this year.
I'm going to just stick with the consoles I have because I got Grand Theft Auto 5 and Saints Row 4.
Was it just this week they even announced that Thief is going to be on PS3 and Xbox 360?
Yeah, a lot of stuff is still coming out on the current consoles.
So where's my real incentive to upgrade?
Maybe I'm just not ready until 2015.
I'm not a first-day adapter for a lot of consoles.
I got burned the first time around when I got the DS app the first time.
That had a hell of a sort of game library, didn't it?
Yeah, I think there's a lot of people in your camp. There is.
Yeah, you know, I subscribe to, you know, Jamie's mantra.
Game is only good as the games, uh, systems only good as the games are honest.
And for the most part, I'm not impressed with Xbox One yet.
And I'm not impressed by the PS4.
Like, okay, fine. Kingdom Hearts 3.
After you've got 15 sequels, you can finally count to three.
Okay, fine. Show me more.
And maybe I'll get it when it comes out, what, two, three years later?
And it has legs?
So for you-
You know how I'm waiting on my free order for, uh, Tell the Zillion.
So for you, you want the games to be out there.
You want the games to be in your hand and then you can have a discussion about the consoles.
Yeah, why else would you get a console?
You want the games, right?
That's a good question.
I'm not impressed yet.
Alright, well, Drew, I gotta wrap up and let you go, but any other final thoughts for us?
Yeah, it's been a wild ride so far. Hope it keeps on going.
Alright, you should come visit the show sometime. I have a nice solid table that the soundboard sits on so you can't knock it over.
We interned Bruce to see you.
Alright, take care, Drew. I gotta let you go.
Peace.
Bye.
The phone calls are always a little spotty, too.
Shadownextgen in chat says, Rob, could it be argued that your incentive to upgrade to next-gen disappeared with Microsoft's reversal? Just a question.
Um, I'm not exactly sure what you mean by that because, I mean, especially when it comes to Microsoft.
Microsoft does have some exclusive games that I want to check out at some point.
They're not gonna be out at launch.
To be fair, PlayStation 3 is not gonna have all their exclusives out at launch either, but I still feel like there'll be enough third-party stuff where I'm just gonna opt for PlayStation 3 at first because, honestly, it's the cheaper option.
There's one exclusive, actually, that Microsoft had, Titanfall, that actually, this week, the news that it's multiplayer only kind of makes me don't want to buy it.
I didn't even know that.
Yeah, I just heard this week there's no single-player campaign.
I am less excited about that game now.
Interesting. Okay, let me get back to some more calls because our phone is being off the hook. There's lots of people trying to get through, so I'm hoping we can get as many calls as we can tonight.
Hi, on Orange Launch Radio, who's this?
Well, it's the one and only Ranma, and, you know, we can't have a birthday celebration without the normal tradition.
Oh, you missed it.
I like your hat.
You missed it in part A, Ranma.
Oh, my God, I need to see your hat.
My fellow New Yorker.
That is awesome. You've totally inspired me to make a hat.
It's not. It's a sailor. What sailor is that?
It's an Artemis hat.
Oh, an Artemis hat.
Yes, it is.
Okay, all right.
You know, you guys had me cracking up this whole episode. Before I get into what I called in for, let me just say this. I wish we had an Arby's and a Hardee's here in New York, and I would have loved to have seen Microsoft roll out the whole way it is going to do with the games.
Because it's really been funny if, let's say, Kingdom Hearts 3 comes out for both systems, you go into the store, PlayStation 4 version, $59.99, Xbox One version, $39.99. Talk about a slap in the face.
Now, Nat, that would have been a one-up in the war. I would have loved to see if game prices start changing, and that would have been the huge plus, and I think I said that in an earlier episode.
If DRM policies, heck yeah, sure, bring them on if it's going to slice all my new game prices in half, but we all know that's not going to happen.
For the record, Rama, I believe both companies have come out and said $59.99 is the ceiling for their game prices, outside of collector's editions and all that.
So we're going to be looking at game prices similar to what we have this generation, except now Nintendo's in that club, too, because Wii U games are also $59.99.
Although some buck the trend. Game and Wario today, only $39.99.
Yeah, pretty much.
So anyway, Rama.
Okay, so here on my table are three different alcohols. We have the 12-year-old Glenn Fittich, because the 15-year-old got killed at PAX East.
We have this nice 10-cane rum, and the alcohol that put Jovidea and almost everybody in my room on their ass, Spiritus, which is 192 proof.
Oh my god.
So you guys get to pick which one I will do the traditional shot for.
Spiritus, Spiritus, Spiritus.
Actually, I was going to say the Glenn Fittich, because I'm partial to Scotch.
You guys are assholes, okay?
Hey, I say Glenn Fittich. It's Scotch.
Well, it makes half and half.
No, you don't make, you do not dilute Glenn Fittich with anything.
Then he takes one, then the other.
Let the man take his shot. Here he goes. He's pouring it into the glass. 192 proof, ladies and gentlemen.
I remember that Fauna making show up for where we polished off a bottle.
Twilight Sparkle shot glass, okay?
Love it.
Good lord.
Here's to you, here's to me, the best of friends we'll ever be.
If you're ever happy to disagree, well, fuck you guys, and here's to me.
Woo!
Amazing.
Oh. Oh.
He just had a Rob moment right there.
It's not just me.
No, no, that's not as bad as Rob going, running across.
Rob ran in circles doing flappy hands.
I really did.
Rob, do you wonder how strong this is? Go find a bottle of rubbing alcohol and get a quick whiff.
No. Keep in mind, you remember what I was raised with, right? Everclear.
Have an Everclear story to tell you later.
Tell me later.
Because you're here now, I want to make sure we get this out because I forgot to do it in part A because of all the other stuff going on tonight with technical failures in 11 years.
But in seven days here at the Voice2Geeks network, we are gearing up for something really exciting that you guys are going to be bringing to us over at Anime Jam Session.
Do you want to kind of kick off the promotion for that this week, Rama?
Why certainly. Well, next Sunday is Senshi Matsuri. It's a Sailor Moon themed anime convention to celebrate the birthday of Usagi Tsukino, which is June 30th, and for the excitement of the new anime and the new merchandise that's coming out.
What we're going to do is advertise some of the events that we'll be going on, such as opening, closing ceremonies, and the performance by Senshi Generation as well.
Awesome. And that is all going to be streaming here at the Voice2Geeks network.
That's right.
That's right. So vognetwork.com, Anime Jam Session will be bringing us, can you say the name one more time while I learn it?
Sure. It's Senshi Matsuri.
Senshi Matsuri will be live at the Voice2Geeks network at bright and early 9 a.m. Pacific.
Warrior Festival.
That is when that all starts one week from today.
And, Rama, I got to admit, your Japanese has come a long way.
It really hasn't really. It only took 11 years.
Rob's gotten a lot better, but there's still a few things he needs to look at.
Never taken a class, but maybe, maybe I will for you guys for the 12 year.
All right, Rama, I got to let you go so we can wrap up, but take care, buddy.
You stay fabulous.
All right, stay black. Bye.
All right. Always love hearing from Rama.
I am so sorry, you guys. There's like five other people trying to get through.
I've got to shut off the phones because it's almost 10 o'clock and some of us have to get home.
I am home, thank God.
But anyway, very much looking forward to that next Sunday.
We got to wrap up.
I want to do some Twitter topics quickly.
I don't know if you have last minute stories, Loki, while I bring these up.
Just that it's rumored that Sony's going to announce more games for next year at Gamescom.
Some tweets tonight. TigerClaw305 sends us a few tweets.
Miyamoto on women as characters in Nintendo games.
I did see this because he talked about not just like women, but like gay characters and so forth in the games.
And it did strike me as kind of like a progressive maybe modernizing theme thing.
And it talked about how like Peach wasn't really considered until kind of like Peach was a late add into this Mario game that's coming out.
But it's a great thing. I'm trying to find a quote here to give here.
Oh, I guess for me in particular, the structure of the gameplay always comes before story.
And so we're always looking at when we're putting that together, what is the most natural story to take place within that structure?
So if we end up creating a gameplay structure where it makes sense for, whether it's a female to go rescue a male or a gay man to rescue a lesbian woman or a lesbian woman to rescue a gay man, we might take that approach.
So he just wants it to feel natural in the games.
I want my lesbian from Animal Crossing to be a hero.
Someday.
I'm crossing lesbian the game.
I guess I also kind of get the sense that like maybe there's a lot of damsel in distress type stories because it's kind of the easy thing to do.
And Nintendo's just more focused on the gameplay, but Miyamoto definitely sounds like open to, you know, if it makes sense, let's do it.
This is the world we live in right now.
It sounds like he wants to make it organic and not like force it in just for the sake of having it.
Yes, which I think is the right thing to do. Nobody wants it to feel forced.
That's what she said.
Stop.
Nobody wants a game where it's like, you know, the roles are reversed just for the sake of the role being reversed.
Yes.
The ROM hack that guy did for Donkey Kong was pretty cool. I mean, there's exceptions, but that wasn't like an endorsed thing.
Otherwise you'd get like Super Princess Peach.
Anyway, I thought that was a good story. I wish we had more time to get into that.
Tiger Claw also tweeted us the Heavy Gear Assault Kickstarter was canceled, but they're going to be doing crowdfunding on their own.
Hmm.
Spazinator says there's a free table on the Steam version of Pinball FX2 as of a few days ago.
Those of you who like free stuff, go get it.
Eric RPG tweeted us Mega Man Unlimited is done and it beams down in July.
And this is a fan made production of Mega Man.
Very cool.
Lots of well wishes all over Twitter for the 11 year birthday.
And I just want to say a general thank you.
Thank you for all the well wishes. We really couldn't do it without you guys.
You guys are great.
You know what? I want a game where a woman rescues a man without becoming a romantic interest.
Just saying.
How many movies do you have out there with a female protagonist that ends up with some sort of romantic tanglement with the dude in the movie?
I want Hardcore Chick the game.
Who don't need no man to complete her life.
Ain't got time for that.
Ain't nobody got time for that.
Well, we got about enough time left to wrap up the show and get on out of here.
Because it's almost 1am for you crazy East Coasters.
JVMon, are you still on East Coast time?
Are you still on East Coast time?
I'm on tequila time right now.
One tequila, two tequila, three tequila, four.
Alright, let's wrap up.
Thank you for being here tonight. I hope you had a good time.
I had a great time.
And you drank a little bit so we'll make sure.
I only had like six shots.
Only six.
Well then again I only had two and it lasted for what, five minutes?
It lasted for a five minute giggle fit.
And after five minutes I was like let's go.
But thank you for being here and we hope to see you for the 12th next year.
Sure.
Alright.
Loki, I know we kept you a little late but thanks as always. Do you have a final thought?
Uh, Captain Rainbow for Smash Brothers?
What?
Tingle for Smash Brothers.
Fuck that.
Yes, yes, Tingle for Smash Brothers.
I didn't give you your actual final thought JVMon, please.
Um, I'm drunk.
Woohoo!
He will not be leaving this house for a while until he sobers up people.
Dark Soccer, your final thought tonight?
I just got reminded that I really want to play Remember Me.
Oh my god, so did I. I didn't even realize that game came out.
I fucking want that game on Steam so much.
I'm gonna get it on PS3.
Um, my final thought is I'm just gonna end as well with a thank you.
Thank you all to your support over the last 11 years.
Thank you to the genius here in studio that apparently fixed the broadcasting problems.
Hopefully that won't be a problem in the future.
We'll do that every week because we held the connection for two hours ever since we reconnected.
So that'll answer that.
But I really do want to thank all the listeners for their support over the years.
And as I say every week, Orange Lounge Radio is a free program.
And if you enjoy what you hear, just tell a friend or two or seven about the program and help grow our family.
And when you're done with us, tune into Mario Marathon. Last game.
We've been watching them all weekend.
Ah, yeah, Mario Marathon's raising money for a good cause.
Those guys really aren't very good at Mario games.
I do want to say in general though, when you're done with Orange Lounge Radio as a podcast and you're ready to go listen to something else this week,
please consider supporting other independent broadcasters.
There's a lot of people out there who've worked, maybe not for 11 years, but even one year is something to celebrate,
who work hard at what they do for free.
So please continue to support the indie voice.
It would mean a lot to us.
Meanwhile, we'll be back to do this all again next week.
Good night.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is a production of OLR Studios.
To join us for a live show, tune in to vaughnetwork.com Sunday nights at 6 p.m. Pacific, 9 p.m. Eastern.
The views and opinions expressed in this program do not necessarily reflect those of the staff of Orange Lounge Radio or Vaugh Network,
but you know they were all still true.
See you next week.
you
